 PROLOGUE

This is a sequel to "JEN'S PLAN" which should be read first so one may better understand the characters and what happened in the first story. Jen and Dave are a young married couple, just beginning to spread their wings and experiment with their sexuality. 

* * * * *

Every since Jen had seduced her next-door neighbor, Ed, she had been enjoying wild, erotic dreams nearly every night. Usually it was about couples or sometimes three or more people having sex, and very often she was one of them. What made it most erotic was that the man or men were almost always different and seldom was her husband Dave involved unless it was with another woman.

Like last night. She had dreamed that she was nude, lying at the very end of the bed as if she had just sat down, leaned back and raised her legs. A man she didn't recognize, also nude, was standing tight against her bottom, her legs were straight up his chest and her ankles were on either side of his face. His prick was deep in her pussy. His arms were wrapped around her legs and he was holding her tight against him as if he were afraid his cock would fall out. His ass would slowly move back and then with a savage shove he would cram his dick deep into her snatch. Standing alongside the bed, near her head was another man, (it may have been that handsome Nordic delivery boy that works for Dave) with his dick between her lips. He was fondling her breast with one hand and had the other entangled in her hair so he could pull her head back and forth as he fucked her mouth. She was playing with her own right breast with one hand and fondling his balls with the other.

She awoke with a start, to find Dave snoring gently alongside of her. Her cunt was sopping wet and was very sensitive when she touched it. She threw back the covers and was dismayed to find that Dave's cock was completely flaccid. With no other option, she took it in her mouth began to suck. Although Dave didn't awaken, he became very restless, moaned a little and his prick began to swell. She was just climbing on top of him when he woke up and said, "Mm God, Jen, I was just dreaming that you were fucking me."

"Me too," she fibbed as she assumed one of her favorite positions, sitting on Dave's penis. She was so aroused that it only took a few minutes of his warm rod sliding in and out to bring her to the verge of orgasm, but she couldn't leave poor Dave behind so she continued to slip up and down on his dick until she could sense his seed was going to explode into her box any minute.

"Oh, God, Jen, that feels so good! What brought this on?"

Although Dave was the most understanding person she knew and she loved him dearly, she didn't want to bruise his ego by letting him know he was not an overly important player in her sexual fantasies. A little white lie would shield his fragile self-esteem. "I was having a dream where both you and our neighbor, Ed, were having sex with me at the same time."

"Oh, I would like that. I think watching someone fuck you would be wild." 

Jen didn't miss a stroke in her attempt to milk Dave of his cum. She was rocking back and forth wildly on top of him when she said, "Do you really mean that? You wouldn't be jealous to see me having sex with another man?"

"I am sure I would be, but I think I could trust you to just enjoy it without getting too emotionally involved. I know that every since your session with Ed our love life seems even better than ever. I just hope you're thinking of me and not him when we fuck. Anyway, if we chose someone older, like Ed, it wouldn't be a threat. Oh God Jen, that feels good. I think I am going to cum."

Jen increased the tempo of her ride on Dave's cock. She really wanted to reach her climax in concert her husband. She could feel the familiar warmth creeping from the depths of her being, coiling itself, ready to whisk her into the rapture of orgasm. Dave was in the arms of ecstasy, jerking uncontrollably each time her pussy slid down the shaft of his cock. She knew she had polished Dave off because his eyes were glassy, his head was rolling back and forth and he was moaning incoherently. The knowledge of what she had done for her lover was just what she needed to bring her over the edge to mind-blowing climax. 

The creature that had been waiting inside her slowly took over. Each movement up or down was transmitted to her psyche as a sensation of pleasure. Every stroke brought a new consciousness of the penis that was filling her vagina and injecting Dave's seed into her. She finally collapsed on top of him, his cock still buried deep in her. Her pussy was so sensitive that any movement at all made her jump but the warmth of his semen deep inside of her was a very satisfying feeling.

They were lying cradled in each other's arms when Jen whispered into his ear, "Thank you Dave. You are so good to me I could never love any one but you." She continued, her hand making mindless patterns on his chest, "I would like to explore what we were talking about, my fantasy of having two men at the same time and of course you would be one of them."

"I would like to indulge you but, somehow I can't picture Ed as being the type for a threesome, at least with another man."

"He's too old anyway. I would rather have a younger man, someone closer to our own age. It's almost time to go to work now, lets think about it and see what we come up with." The last thing she said before she took his flaccid cock in her mouth was, "Think about me doing this while you watch another man's dick sliding in and out of my pussy. Besides, someday we may arrange for me to watch you fuck another woman. Do you think that would be fun?"

Dave didn't talk anymore that morning, he just moaned. They were both late for work.

The next afternoon, when Jen met Dave at the door, he was excited. "I think I have found our man! He is a young fellow that's still in school."

Jen had an imaginary picture of a tall, skinny, adolescent teenager, nude, with his fist clenched around an oversized hard on, masturbating, when she said, "I don't think so, I don't want any pimply faced school boys."

"He's not really that young and the best part is, he is going to a massage therapy college. He works part time making deliveries for me. You may have met him once or twice. He is always asking to let him practice on me. I think he is about 22 or 23 and very nice looking. Today I asked if he would like to give both of us a massage and he jumped at the chance."

Was this the delivery boy she dreamed about? "Well, I am not sure…" In her minds eye she could already see this young mans oiled hands sliding smoothly over her body, caressing her breasts. 

"Nonsense. Anyway, I have already set it up. He will be here in an hour, about 7 o'clock. I brought a pizza so we will both have time for a bath before he gets here."

They ate in virtual silence, each deep in their own thoughts and fantasies about what this evening would bring. When Dave left the table to go shower, he had such a hard on it was almost uncomfortable. Jen wasn't much better. As she tended to the washing up, her panties were so wet she knew if she didn't have them on, it would be oozing out of her.

She had just finished bathing and was applying a nice fragrance when the doorbell rang. Dave answered it while she slipped into a loose fitting caftan. As soon as she had arranged her hair, she went into the lounge to meet her would be seducer. She was taken aback by what greeted her. He was very tall, blond, blue eyed, well-built and very Nordic, far more handsome than she remembered.

"Jen, I want you to meet Erik. He works part time for me and is from Sweden. He is going to practice his massage skills on us. He doesn't speak much English so be patient with him."

Jen's pussy was already tingling when she offered her hand. "Its nice to meet you, Erik. I see you brought your massage table with you. Where would you like to set it up?"

"Nice to be with you. I go to bedroom and make ready." You could see the muscles rippling under his sweater when he pointed, "There?"

Once he had gone, Jen turned to Dave and said, "You didn't tell me he was so big and handsome. Are you sure this is going to be OK with you?

"Yes, for two reasons. One, he will finish school and return to Sweden in a couple of weeks and, two; I think he may be gay or at least bi. I just hope we can get him to fuck you."

"MMM, you just leave that to me."

"Please come now, all is ready." Erik was standing in the bedroom doorway. He had removed his sweater and had changed into shorts and a sleeveless, vest type, undershirt.

Jen caught her breath at the site of this Adonis. It was even more exciting because he didn't know that he was going to bring her sexual pleasure. She was ready. "Come Dave, lets go in and let the nice man take care of us. I want you to go first."

In the bedroom, the big Swede had Dave completely disrobe and lay face up on the table with only a towel covering his private area. With Jen standing off on one side, Erik began applying scented oil to Dave's chest. 

Jen couldn't stand it. "Can I help? I would like to learn to do that." She began to rub Dave's tummy. Erik helped her by pouring some of the oil into the area and holding her wrists, moved her hands in a circular motion. She snickered under her breath when she noticed the growing bulge under the towel. The ever-widening circle soon pushed the towel down a little. On the third or fourth circuit her hand slid under the towel and brushed against Dave's rigid cock. 

This subtle play had not gone unnoticed by Erik. In his guttural Nordic accent he said, "Ja, you do dat good. You make him have excitement. Take towel away and I show what to do." 

Jen pushed the towel out of the way to reveal Davis dick, hard as a cricket bat with a drop of pre-cum glistening on the end. Her jaw sagged when Erik said, "This is what to do," and simply leaned over and took the big organ in his mouth. His head bobbed up and down a few times before he straightened up and said, "Do dat. Man like dat, is good." 

Jen loved sucking on her husband's pecker but she was not sure about doing it with an audience. "But, I – mm – perhaps –"

"Ja, you can do, later. Now is your turn for massage. Take off clothes and get on table." To Dave he said, "Don't put clothes on, is better to do nude. Dat is the way to do it in Sweden."

Jen had slipped off her caftan and was holding a big towel wrapped around her, just barely hiding her breasts. "What about you Erik? Won't you join us and take off your clothes like they do it in Sweden?"

"Ja, I would like dat. Shorts too tight."

When he stepped out of them, Jen could see why they were too tight. There was a massive organ, as big around as her wrist and even soft, seven or eight inches long, just hanging there between his legs. She looked at Dave to find him grinning from ear to ear. "OK Jen, it's your turn. Get on the table and let the nice man take care of you."

Jen knew she should have been embarrassed but she was too aroused to feel anything but in awe over what she imagined was to come. She got up on the table, still holding the towel around her body, hoping that the moisture between her legs was not evident.

Erik helped her to lie down on her back, the towel still protecting her modesty. From her left side, he began massaging her arms and neck, instructing Dave to do the same on the other side. Although he slid his hands under the towel quite a few times, he never touched her improperly. Erik moved to her feet, still giving Dave detailed directions on methods and techniques. Dave slid his hands under the towel too, but he was not as proper as Erik. His oiled hands caressed, massaged and stroked her breasts, each touch heightening her arousal. 

Erik had positioned himself at Jen's feet, slowly applying the soothing oils to her legs, his soft hands sliding ever higher up her thighs until he was within inches of her pussy, still concealed by the towel. 

Erik's voice had lost its Nordic gutturalness when he said, almost in a whisper, "Dave should take away towel for make better."

Jen wished she could see his penis to see if he was erect yet but he stayed at the far end of the table, so she just mumbled, "Ok, I guess it would be alright."

Dave pulled the towel away and buried his face in her breasts, a nipple stuck in his mouth. At almost the same time, Jen felt soft fingers caressing the lips of her pussy.

She was in ecstasy. The hands on her pussy moved up her tummy and were replaced by a warm mouth. Erik softly kissed the outer lips of her vulva without inserting his tongue. With the tip of his tongue, he gently licked at her clitoris. His touch was soft and tender, being careful not to smother her clitoris and deaden the sensations. When he was sure he had her sufficiently stimulated, he parted the outer lips of her pussy with his tongue and inserted it like a penis. He was carefully holding her outer lips open with his fingers and running his tongue tip back up to her clit, licking it softly until there was no doubt she was fully aroused. The persistent, rhythmic pressure of his tongue on her clit and plunging into her vagina soon had her on the verge of climax. 

She was fondling Dave's dick and would like to have taken it into her mouth, but the feelings radiating from Erik's attention between her legs precluded anything but just lying there and accepting his ministrations. She was bouncing from pinnacle to pinnacle of orgasm when she felt the utmost pleasure of Erik's big cock being inserted into her eager, welcoming, pussy. Each thrust of his huge phallus brought a new wave of ecstasy. For her, the culmination of their coupling had long since been fulfilled and she slowly wilted into a quivering mass of humanity, unable to feel anything beyond the pleasures of his cock sliding in and out of her. She slowly became aware that he was shooting his tepid semen deep into her. Each pulse of his jitsm was warm and pleasant, like a tonic to her insides.

She was in such a stupor that she was not aware of what was happening when he withdrew from her. She could hear him talking to Dave in unintelligible tones and slowly aroused herself to find Dave leaning against the wall and Erik on his knees in front of him. Dave's head was back, his eyes were closed and he was sliding his prick in and out of Erik's mouth, making grunting noises with each stroke. She watched, fascinated while her husband fucked the mouth that had brought her so much pleasure just moments ago.

She knew Dave well and knew exactly what was happening when his body went rigid and he quit moving. In her mind, she could feel the throbbing release of his cum into Erik's mouth the same as he had done to her many times. His moans were punctuated by short jabs of his dick into Erik's face. Instinctively, she knew that each poke indicated another pulse of his semen, shot into the willing receptacle. 

As sated as her sexual appetite was, she couldn't help but feel a tingling sensation as she watched this drama unfold. She was still nude when she walked, almost trance like, over to Erik. Dave was on the verge of slithering to the floor in a stupor as Erik continued to drain the life-making juice from him. She could see Erik's massive member, stiff and proud sticking down at such an angle that with him on his knees, it was almost touching the floor

Jen's hands on Erik's ass brought an unexpected response from him. He quickly released his suction hold on Dave, stood up, turned around and took her in his arms, his hard cock trapped, upright, between their bodies. He was so tall and his dong was so long that the tip of it was just below her breasts. 

With his hand, he pushed her head down and said, "Is now good for you to do me." He backed up to the edge of the bed and sat down, his blood gorged member sticking up out of his lap like a flagpole. Mesmerized, she followed his lead and sank to her knees at his feet. Slowly, as if she couldn't help herself, her head moved toward his magnificent tool, not stopping until it was within inches of her mouth. Tentatively like she would taste ice cream, her tongue licked at the little drop of moisture on the end. The flavor was something she recognized and loved, the mixture of male semen and the nectar from her own pussy.

Greedily, she gobbled as much of this delightful treat as she could, but it wasn't much. She could get the entire helmet and just a little of the shaft in her mouth. Her tongue outlined the ridge just below the head and could feel the velvety skin covering the dome. He let out an audible gasp when she traced a pattern on the soft underside. She was lost in the thrill of giving pleasure to this handsome Swede when she felt hands on her waist, urging her to her feet. She complied and immediately felt an old friend slide into her pussy from behind. Now she was in seventh heaven, the wonderful feeling of a cock deep in her from behind, balls slapping her thighs, and another as far into her mouth as it could go. Each thrust from behind pushed Erik's big apparatus deeper into her throat.

She sensed that Erik was about to blow and in just a moment, his entire body went stiff and with a substantial gasp, he sent a sizeable wad of his appreciation down her throat. The knowledge of what she had done for him made her pussy extraordinarily sensitive and in just a moment she too was struck by a wave of orgasms and followed him into the land of euphoria. The only one still going was Dave. He was pounding his dick into Jen like a trip hammer. Stroke after stroke he rammed her. Finally he stopped, and with a grunt, he held her hips hard against his groin and squirted his cum inside her to join that deposited by Erik earlier. 

His cock was shiny with the liquor of love when he withdrew it and collapsed on the floor beside the bed. Jen, totally spent, pushed her way into the bed alongside Erik who was flat on his back and snoring lightly.

Hours later, Erik roused himself, gathered his equipment and was ready to leave when Jen reminded him that he was still nude. Dave was still asleep on the floor when she walked Erik to the door. She pulled his head down and kissed him lightly, saying, "Thank you. I will never forget you and this night."

"I too will remember when I return to Sweden. I will tell my sister about you and ask her to visit when she comes to England for study."

Jen stood with her forehead against the closed door long after Erik left, thinking about the evening's activities. She went back into the bedroom to find that Dave had rolled over on his back. She looked down at him. His lifeless cock, still glistening with the remnants of their lovemaking caught her eye. She thought to herself as she knelt down beside him, "Oh well, what the hell, why not…" 

30

Copyright © 03-28-2002 by E. J. Sheeran. All rights reserved. This work, in part, or whole, is not to be distributed, reproduced, transmitted or posted, in any manner, without the express written permission of the author. 

For comments on this story contact me at the address in my profile.