 Diane sighed contentedly as hot water cascaded over her, running down her body in tiny rivulets. This shower was exactly what she needed after a long day of grading papers and dealing with teenagers. She loved her job, but it could be really exhausting.

"When is Mike supposed to get back?" Kathy asked from her perch by the sink, not looking up from her phone. "We should go on another double date soon." 

Diane ran her fingers through her hair as she did the math in her head. "Three days and a few hours, I think." She began lathering the shampoo into her hair as she continued, "You two still haven't taken me to that library bar you went to on your first date." 

"Oh, that would be fun!" Kathy said, looking up and watching as Diane rinsed the suds from her hair, her form blurred by the shower door, but the shape was still enticing. She bit her lip without realizing it, while devious thoughts swam through her head.

"Are you sure you want me to come with you two?" Diane asked, wiping a small circle into the fogged glass to better see her wife, "I could just put on my comfy clothes and chill out with the pets!"

"You need to get out of here," Kathy answered, using her best stern voice, "You need this!"

"Ok!" Diane laughed, "I just don't want to be in the way!"

"Oh please!" Kathy scoffed and left to go to her room, calling over her shoulder, "Hurry up and get ready so we can go!"

****

The crowd pulsed around them to the beat of the music, their bodies swaying and flowing, occasionally grinding against each other as they were swept up in the club's atmosphere. Diane had lost track of the time completely, knowing only that she felt like she was in heaven. Kathy's hands slid down to her waist and pulled her in close, leaning down so she wouldn't have to shout in her ear. 

"I'm glad you came tonight!" They swayed together in time with the music, sweat dripping off their bodies from the heat of the dance floor. "I think you needed it!"

They continued dancing, and Diane turned her back to Kathy, grinding her ass against the beautiful woman. Kathy's hands slid up and down Diane's sides, and she leaned down again. "I think Tyler's eyes are about to pop out of their sockets." She teased.

Tyler was sitting at their table, just at the edge of the dance floor, his eyes glued on the two goddesses dancing before him. The look of lust on his face was plain as day, and Diane felt herself flush slightly as she realized that he wasn't just looking at Kathy. 

She leaned back into her wife, and looked up at her, "Should we take him home and let him cool off?"

"I think we should take him home, yes, but I think things are only going to heat up." She answered with a devious twinkle in her eye and a throaty purr. 

It didn't take them long to catch an Uber back home. The driver had some trouble keeping his eyes on the road as Kathy alternated between making out with Tyler on her left, and Diane on her right. Both of them ran their hands all over the beautiful woman between them, everyone breathing heavily in the small car. 

Diane took a steadying breath as they pulled up to the house. Kathy was busy with Tyler, their kisses deep and passionate. 

"That's you, then." The driver said after a few minutes of watching the lovers in his back seat. "I'd love to stick around and watch, but I've got more fares to pick up."

They all laughed nervously and managed to calm down enough to climb out of the vehicle. Diane led the way, while Tyler and Kathy walked arm in arm towards the house. Diane headed straight for the wine cabinet, and opened a bottle of Apothic Inferno, while the other two settled on the couch together. 

Diane joined them on the couch, and they all drank happily and started sharing stories from the night. Kathy told them of how she had spotted several women checking Tyler out, "But he's all mine!" she finished. Diane mentioned that she had spotted several men checking Kathy out too, to which Tyler responded "They were checking you both out. You two are really hot together."

Diane's face shifted through several shades of red, and she did her best to hide her blush behind her glass... but realized that it was already empty. She jumped up, took a moment to balance herself from the sudden head rush, and then headed back to the wine cabinet for the next bottle. When she returned, she just stopped and watched the sexy sight in front of her for several minutes. Kathy was leaning back on the couch with Tyler practically on top of her, their lips locked in a passion filled kiss, hands roaming across each other's bodies.

Diane was mesmerized by the lovers on the couch. Somehow Kathy's top had come open, and Tyler was busy kissing her chest above her lacy purple bra. Kathy reached down and grabbed Tyler's ass, but her eyes locked with Diane's. Sitting up, she shrugged out of her top and grabbed Tyler firmly by the belt, maneuvering him to stand in front of her. With a wink to her wife, Kathy began to loosen his belt while she motioned for him to take off his shirt.

Tyler seemed almost to be in a trance as he pulled the dark shirt over his head. His eyes stayed locked on Kathy as she finished with his belt and purposefully unzipped his jeans. She leaned forward and pressed her face to his growing erection, still covered by denim, and then pulled his pants and boxers off in one sudden motion. 

Diane's gasp was drowned out by the other woman's moan as the object of Kathy's desire appeared before her. Without a thought, Kathy reached up and started stroking Tyler, her lips parted slightly and her mouth practically watering. Diane took another gulp of wine and then set the glass on the bar, leaning against it for support. She slid one hand underneath the folds of her black dress and was not surprised to find herself soaked. Never taking her eyes off the spectacle in front of her, she began to slide her fingers in circles around her sensitive clit and groped her chest through her bra. She watched as Kathy first stroked his dick, and then took the entire thing deep into her mouth. 

Tyler let out a guttural moan, and bent forward at the waist to reach behind and tear open Kathy's bra. Absently, she tossed it aside, never stopping her ministrations on his aching member. His hands slid into her thick hair, and he roughly grabbed and pulled as she sucked, her large tits bouncing wildly as her head bobbed rhythmically on his erection. Diane felt her knees shaking, and moved to sit on the edge of the couch, one hand buried between her legs, massaging her clit, while the other groped and pulled on her large breasts. She stopped for a moment to remove her bra from under her dress, and then her fingers were pinching her sensitive nipples with no barrier. 

Unable to resist any longer, Tyler pulled Kathy to her feet and pulled her skirt off. He chuckled as he saw that she was not wearing any panties, and the obvious moisture that covered her shaved pussy. They met in a rough embrace, kissing passionately and sliding their hands all over each other. Without warning, Kathy spun them around and shoved Tyler down on the couch, his dick standing tall at the sight before him. She turned her back to him, and smiled over her shoulder as she quickly lowered herself onto him. As Diane watched, Kathy began bouncing on his stiff member, alternating between grinding and sliding up and down on it. 

Her eyes widened when Kathy looked deep into her soul and crooked a finger towards her, a wicked gleam in her eyes. As if under a spell, Diane rose and walked close to Kathy as she rolled her hips in circles on her lover's dick. No words were exchanged as Kathy slowly dragged the dress over Diane's head and pulled her in for a passionate kiss. Their tongues explored, and soon their hands roamed, as that kiss continued. Diane put up no resistance as she felt Kathy's hands on her wet panties, pulling them slowly down. She welcomed the first touch of her lover's hand to her most intimate of places, and a great sigh escaped her lips as it began to move and play.

Kathy pulled her best friend, wife, and now lover closer to her, leaning forward on Tyler's thrusting dick, and brought her lips down to explore this new territory. Diane slipped a hand into Kathy's hair and pulled her more forcefully in as she felt her lover's tongue begin to explore. She could barely remain standing when she felt Kathy's tongue dart across her clit, so Kathy motioned for them all to shift positions. 

Diane laid back against the couch, and Kathy crawled forward on her knees to bury her face in Diane's dripping pussy, while Tyler rose and took his position behind Kathy. He wasted no time burying himself deep inside her, pushing Kathy forcefully between Diane's legs. He could hardly believe what was happening, but he wasn't about to examine it too carefully. He took up a rhythm, pounding Kathy steadily from behind, all while watching her tongue dance across Diane's clit. He had known that Diane was beautiful, but he hadn't imagined that she could be so hot. His dick grew even harder as he watched both women's gorgeous tits bounce as he thrust into Kathy, and he caught Diane licking her lips while she eyed him.

Kathy was in heaven. She had wanted this for so long, both the delicious pussy that her tongue was exploring, and the hard dick that was currently sending her into another powerful orgasm. She lost track of time for a while, drifting in a sea of pleasure, when she felt Diane pulling her face up to her own. 

Diane pulled her closer and brought her lips to Kathy's ear. 

"Can I have a turn?" She whispered.

Kathy smiled and kissed her again. After a moment, she pushed Tyler back and stood shakily to move out of the way. Taking that as permission, Diane slid down the couch and grabbed Tyler, pulling him to her roughly. Their lips met, and she wondered for a moment at the difference in how this felt compared to her husband.

All thoughts of Mike were snatched from her mind as she felt Tyler's manhood slide across her clit. With one hand on his shoulders, she reached down with her other hand and guided him towards her waiting entrance. He hovered there, an evil smile on his face as she tried to pull him inside. 

"Please, Tyler" She groaned, "Fuck me!"

That was all he needed to hear. He gave up all pretense of teasing her and slid completely inside. Her eyes widened and she fell back with a low moan, her back arching in pleasure. When she landed on her back, she turned her head to see Kathy leaning against the coffee table, one hand furiously teasing her clit while the other pinched a nipple. With a wave of her hand, Diane motioned her over. 

Understanding what they both wanted instantly, Kathy climbed up and positioned herself over Diane's waiting mouth. She held her self up and away for a moment, watching Diane's tits bounce with each thrust of her lover's dick, and denying her wife's searching tongue.

"Would you both stop teasing me!?" Diane grumbled, and with both hands pulled Kathy's thighs down, burying her face between Kathy's smooth legs. She was worried, at first, that she would be lost as to what exactly to do to bring Kathy pleasure, but instinct took over and soon she had Kathy squirming over her and felt waves of orgasms hitting home.

They continued like this for a few minutes before Tyler announced that he was about to cum. He pulled out quickly and both women swiftly got to their knees in front of him. They took turns sucking and stroking him, while each fingered the clit of the other, and the vision of these two women was more than he could take. 

With a groan he let loose several thick ropes of cum across their chests. They both came again as his hot cum splashed across their tits and their fingers brought each other off. Exhausted from the ordeal, they collapsed onto each other, and fell asleep in each other's arms.

**** Author's Note****

I appreciate all of the feedback I've received on my previous story. I realize that what is lacking is background on the characters, and a reason to care about them. These stories (There's one more pending approval) were originally written for my wife, so the background on the characters was unnecessary. At her suggestion, I'm publishing them here, though I recognize that they're flawed. I'm currently working on a longer, multiple part story that will go into much better detail about who everyone is and what's at stake. I hope you'll give my writing another chance at that point. I really do value constructive feedback, and will only delete comments that are insulting or trolling. 

Thanks!

Red