         - Off to college -



Author's Note: This story contains group sex, and both female and male bisexual sex.  

I'd like to thank my editor, 69writer, for his expert editing and advice.

This chapter can be read on its own, but you will have a much better understanding of     the story and characters if you first read chapter 1.




It was the first week of the fall semester at the university, Jen was walking around campus after classes getting to know her way around. She noticed a poster for an LGTB campus club meeting that afternoon at 4:00 p.m. The meeting was to start in five minutes. Jen realizing she was bisexual, and not having any friends on campus yet, though it might be a good way to meet people, so she headed over to the student union where the meeting was being held. 

The group was meeting in the back corner of the student lounge, there were other students not associated with the meeting also in the lounge. As she approached the rear corner where the meeting was already underway, she felt a little apprehensive. The meeting looked a little too formal for her, one of the lesbians, a real butch type, was attempting to organize the group. It being the first meeting of the new year, she was talking about official club duties, and who would like to run for office; there were positions open on the board, a club secretary was needed, etc. Jen was a self-diagnosed and confirmed bisexual, she had a high sex drive and was insatiable, she was not at all interested in joining a cause at this point in her life, she was hoping this was simply a meet and greet. Jen stood off to the side, standing half in the group and half out with the other non-LGTB students surveying the situation. There was about six obviously gay students grouped together, some listening to the butch lesbian, and others chatting but trying to be discreet about it. 

Amongst the group, another eight women that Jen figured for lesbians, none of them turned her on immediately, although she saw promise in a thin brunette, she reminded her of Sally. There was one male student, handsome looking, actually pretty damn hot, off to the side on the other side of the room, by himself doing what Jen was doing, half in with the LGTBers and half looking out at the other students in the lounge, not wanting to commit. Jen decided to head over and introduce herself. 

"Hi, here for the LGTB meeting?" She asked. 

"Not sure," the hot male answered. 

"I'm Jen," she said as she reached her hand out.

"Steve," said the hot male, as they shook hands. 

"We'll you're either here for the meeting or you're not," said Jen with a wry smile. 

"I came for the meeting, not sure I'm staying. This looks too political for me," Steve said.

"I was thinking the same thing," Jen said as she looked back at the butch group leader still going on about needing volunteers to step up and fill office positions. 

"Want to bail? There is a coffee shop around the corner," Steve said.

Jen didn't even bother to answer, she grabbed her purse and left with Steve. 

In the coffee shop Steve ordered an espresso and Jen a cappuccino, they grabbed a table in quiet corner and started chatting, getting to know each other; where you from, your high school, that sort of thing. Once the introductory chit-chat was over, Jen ever the bold one said; "So what are you?" 

Steve not following right away said, "Pardon me?"

"Well, I know you're not a lesbian," Jen blurted out. "And you don't look like the transgender type, so that leaves Gay or Bi. I'm not getting a Gay vibe with you, so I'm thinking you're Bi."

Steve just laughed and said "I guess that's the only logical choice then."

Jen smiled, reached her hand under the table and as she squeezed Steve's thigh said, "Me too." 

Steve smiled an even bigger smile now and felt his cock starting to stir. Jen slid her hand up Steve's thigh to his hardening cock. Jen was getting very moist herself, she hadn't cum much that day, she only masturbated once that morning while she lay in bed just after waking. 

"Where should we go?" she asked, her voice a little husky. They both were in dorms with roommates, a requirement for freshmen. Jen hadn't figured her roommate out yet, so was not offering her room, waiting for Steve to offer his. Steve, also hadn't yet had the conversation with his roommate John about the protocol around bringing a chick back to the room; what signal to use, like a sock on the door kind of thing. Steve getting hornier by the second was not about to let this chance go by though, so he just hoped his roommate was out of the room. 

"Let's go to mine," Steve said. With that they left their half-finished coffees and bolted for Steve's room. 

Jen, to this point had only had one other cock, Brads, she had been fantasizing about other guy's cocks lately. She knew once she was off to college she would be free to experiment, now it was happening. Luckily for them, Steve's roommate John was out. The dorm room was the typical dorm, a small room with two beds and two desks. Steve sat on his bed, his arms bracing him in a lounging position. Steve smiled coyly at Jen, wanting her, but giving her time to feel comfortable, not rushing it. Jen, ever the horny one, jumped on top of Steve. She straddled his hips grinding her pussy into his crotch. She Pushed him down onto his back, and locked her lips on his. They kissed passionately for only a minute. Jen couldn't wait to get that cock of Steve's in her mouth. She slid down and unbuttoned his shirt while she made her way to his pants button. She popped his pants button and unzipped his fly, reached in and pulled out Steve's rapidly stiffening cock. She engulfed his cock in her mouth, lustfully devouring it until she was distracted by his zipper catching her hair. She stopped sucking Steve's cock long enough to pull his pants and underwear off, then climbed back up and resumed sucking Steve's 7 inch love muscle. Jen thought Steve's cock was rocking hot. Brad's was 6 inches and of average girth. Steve's was longer and thicker with a big beautiful head. Jen wrapped her tongue around Steve's cock head and spent a lot of time around the rim of the head. 

Luckily, Steve had masturbated a few hours earlier. Instead of taking lunch in the cafeteria, Steve had gone back to his room and rubbed one out. Otherwise he would have already filled Jen's mouth, she was working his tool that hard. Jen wanted that cock deep in her pussy so she got up stripped off her clothes and sat on Steve. Her pussy was very tight, and Brad's cock was not as thick as Steve's, but she was so wet that Steve's cock had no trouble sliding all the way in. Jen was riding Steve while he reached up and massaged her gorgeous breasts. Jen was building into her usual wave of orgasms, one right after another, she was riding the wave up. 

Just then, Steve's roommate walked in on them. Neither Steve nor Jen stopped what they were doing. Steve flinched, not knowing what to expect, but once he saw that Jen didn't care and was continuing to fuck, he relaxed into it. John, shocked at first, hesitated, he didn't know what to do; should he leave or stay. If either one of them had jumped up and tried to cover themselves, John probably would have left, embarrassed himself, but the fact that they just kept fucking in front of him confused him. 

Steve said to John, "Sorry man." 

John replied, "No worries, I have some studying to do, I'll just hang out over on my side and study." 

John grabbed a book and flopped on his bed leaning against the bed headboard and started to read but he could not concentrate, and his cock started to stir. John's left hand wandered down and he started rubbing his cock through his pants. 

Jen saw this as she continued to ride Steve and said to John, "Pull it out, don't be shy." 

Steve's eyes widened with this but he kept fucking Jen, thrusting his pelvis up to meet hers as she rode up and down his 7 incher. Jen was too far gone in ecstasy to care, Jen was a horny nymph anyway, but when she was riding her orgasm wave, the Pope himself could have walked in the door and she would not have stopped. John had his cock out of his pants now and was slowly stroking it while looking on lustfully at his roommate being fucked by this hot chick he had just met 5 minutes ago, naked and riding Steve for all she was worth. 

Jen looked over at John and smiled, then said "Bring it over here". 

John didn't need to be asked twice, he arose from his bed and stood in front of Jen, his cock springing up to her lips. Jen took John's cock in her mouth and began to suck him off while still riding Steve. Steve, being a bisexual, thought nothing of it and reached up and cupped John's balls. This startled John, and he jumped back and out of Jen's mouth. Jen pleaded with John to return to her mouth, and so he did. Again Steve reached up and massaged Johns balls, this time John closed his eyes and thought, "what the heck." He stayed and enjoyed the feeling of both Jen's mouth and Steve's hand. All three were nearing explosion. 

John was the first to announce his impending climax. John shouted, "I'm cumming!" He wanted to warn Jen, fully expecting Jen to stop sucking him; he figured he would finish himself off with his hand. John was pleasantly surprised when Jen clamped down even harder on his cock as his orgasm started to unleash. John started to cum and shot load after load of his white goo into Jen's mouth. Jen sucked him dry. 

John's cock popped out of Jen's mouth and hung down flaccid in Steve's face, Jen was still ridding Steve. Steve reached his head up and sucked in John's soft cock to clean it off. This again startled John and he pulled back and out of Steve's mouth. Having Steve cup his balls while Jen sucked his cock was one thing, having another guy suck his cock was quite another thing for John, he had never had any experience with another man, nor did he ever think he wanted to. Jen, in the meantime had not swallowed all of John's cum and was swirling some in her mouth, she decided Steve might like a taste, so she lowered her mouth to Steve's. Steve opened up and she dribbled some of John's cum into Steve's mouth then she locked her lips with his. This sent the two of them over the top and Steve started cumming inside Jen as she bucked wildly into her own orgasmic delight. John had slumped back to his own bed and was just watching the action on Steve's bed. As the two of them came down from their orgasmic high, Jen remained laying on Steve, his cock softening but still in Jen. 

The room reeked of sex. Jen caught her breath and turned to John who was now stroking his cock again. "Get over here and put your cock in Steve's mouth," ordered Jen. 

"I don't swing that way," replied John. 

"Do you want to fuck my pussy?" Jen asked. 

"Yes, I'd love to" replied John. 

"Then get your cock in Steve's mouth now," she barked again. 

John really wanted to fuck that hot honey hole of Jen's, so he thought, "what the heck". John came over and stood by Steve's head and offered Steve his cock. Steve started sucking John's cock back to life. Meanwhile, Jen dismounted Steve and went down on him to clean off his cock of their mixed love juices. Once she cleaned Steve up and his penis started to grow again, she pushed Steve up and took his place laying on the small single bed. She motioned with her head for Steve to go down on her and clean her up. Steve wasted no time sliding in between Jen's legs and lapping at her pussy. Steve ate his own cum mixed with Jen's love juice as it dripped out of her. While Steve was eating Jen, she took John's cock in her mouth and worked him up to a nice hard-on again. Jen motioned for Steve to get up and pushed John down toward her pussy. 

John, positioned the head of his cock near Jen's pussy, but she said, "No, eat first." 

John went down on Jen and got a little of Steve's cum left over dribbling out of her cunt as she really pushed hard with her vaginal muscles, knowing there would be at least one last drip for John. To John's surprise he didn't mind the taste. 

Meanwhile Steve straddled Jen's chest so his cock was at her mouth. She sucked him inside her mouth. He was on all fours with his waist above her head. John got up and once again positioned his cock at Jen's entrance. This time she pushed her pussy toward him a little to send him a signal to go ahead and enter. John guided his cock into Jen while he held himself up with his arms. This put his face near Steve's ass, which made John a little uncomfortable. No way was he going to lick Steve's ass or balls while he fucked Jen, even if she started barking orders again. He already decided he would not. Since he already came in her mouth and was now fucking her pussy, if she did order him to lick Steve, and he didn't, and she didn't like it, ordering him out of her, he would just jack himself off. No way would he lick another man's balls or ass. Luckily for John, Jen didn't bark anymore orders, she was riding her wave up again as John fucked her from one end while she sucked Steve's cock on her other end. Jen could orgasm while sucking cock, she had done it with Brad. She loves sucking a nice clean tasty cock. The sensations; smells and feel of the cock slipping in and out of her mouth, her tongue tingling at the sensations of skin in her mouth could send her off without any stimulation down there. So she was in heaven, if she only had another pussy to eat at this moment she would be in total bliss. 

John and Steve started cumming at the same time, Jen had been cumming all along, but the sensation of the two boy's cumming made this orgasm intense and she shivered uncontrollably while all three came together. Jen swallowed all of Steve's cum this time. Steve exhausted, moved off Jen and crashed on John's bed. John pulled out of Jen and, nowhere else to go, sat in one of the desk chairs. All three exhausted and wallowing in the post coital bliss. Jen, brought her right hand to her pussy, she needed to ride her wave down slowly, like a runner jogging lightly after a run to cool down. She stroked her clit eliciting another four or five smaller orgasms out of herself until she finally felt satisfied. Steve and John looked on with amazement but was too tired to try and get another hard-on while Jen masturbated on Steve's bed. After a while they just lay naked talking about their curriculums and what lay ahead for the semester. Jen got up and dressed, kissed her lovers goodbye and went back to her dorm for a hot shower.

Jen was riding a sexual high all day the next day, just basking in lust after yesterday's threesome with Steve and John. She didn't even masturbate this morning, but forgot all about her morning fiddle with her clit, content with the high she was on. While in one of her boring classes, she day dreamed about the events of yesterday and her sexual future; she vowed right there, in economics class, to be a slut and be proud of it. Jen didn't care what anyone thought of her, she was in it for the pleasure. She was young and as far as she was concerned her sexuality was just beginning to unfold. She knew she wasn't going to run for public office or any sort of role where her sexual reputation could be a liability. In fact she was just now thinking of changing her major from liberal arts to sexology. Maybe she'd be a sex therapist or some researcher in the field of human sexuality, she thought. She not only thought that would be interesting considering her highly charged sex drive, she also thought her past sexual encounters, and those yet to come, would not be used against her in the future in those professions; after all she would be conducting research. Jen wished the world were different and women didn't have to worry about their reputations. She wished the world was one big orgy, everyone doing anyone and everyone they wanted anytime, anywhere; alas she snaps out of her daydream and back to reality. Jen knew she would have to be a little careful, at least not to get kicked out of school.

To be continued...