 Author's Note: This story contains group sex, and both female and male bisexual sex. 

I'd like to thank my editor, 69writer, for his expert editing and advice.

This chapter can be read on its own, but you will have a much better understanding of the story and characters if you first read chapters 1 & 2.





Trisha and the nude model - 

The next couple of days went by uneventfully, Jen saw Steve and talked to him, but no repeat yet on the wild times of the other day. She knew Steve, and perhaps John, would be in her pussy again in the near future, no need to rush it. She began thinking of whom else she might like to have fun with. She didn't want to seem like she was Steve's girlfriend right away, but she wanted to keep her options open. Jen was getting hungry for some pussy, it had been a few weeks since Lisa. Jen didn't see any girls at the LGTB meeting the other day that turned her on, so she knew she would have to go on the hunt for some bi- curious chick, or at least someone she could convert. 

Jen's art class was drawing nudes and there was a live model that came in to class to pose. During class Jen got wet while drawing the nude model, but she kept a lid on her lust as she wanted to do well in class, her grades where important to her. Now that she was feeling hornier for pussy, she thought, oh well, what could it hurt to get to know her?

During class that day she was drawing the nude and getting lost in lusty daydreams about herself and the nude model in a 69 position when a cute girl in class, also working on drawing the nude, leans over and says "She is pretty isn't she?"

"Yes," answered Jen. 

Then the female student next to her says, "I could just eat that all up."

Jen, pleasantly shocked, thought to herself "things are looking up, one way or the other, some pussy is in my future." 

"Hi, my name is Patrica, call me Trish."

"I'm Jenifer, call me Jen." 

Jen still had not responded to the "eat her all up" comment Trish made about the nude model. She was trying to think of what to say. Trish was cute, about 5'4'', nice girly shape, not to thin, but certainly not heavy. Trish had brown hair with some freckles, a little button nose, and blue eyes. Jen would do Trish in a heartbeat, but she was hunting the nude model. Jen was taken aback by Trish's comment, but didn't want to seem prudish or reluctant to the idea of "eating her all up" herself, but the pause was growing and she feared putting Trish off. 

So Jen said the first thing that she could think of, "Oh yeah, I'd eat you both, at the same time." 

It made sense to Jen, she was thinking of an all-girl threesome, but Trish was thinking Jen could eat two pussies simultaneously. 

So Trish responded, "That I'd like to see," with a wink and a smile. 

Jen was now super wet at the thought of a 3-way with Trish and the model. She feared her wet spot would soak through her panties and run down her legs, good thing she had a dress on. At least she wouldn't have a wet spot showing on a pair of pants. Jen needed to excuse herself and run to the ladies room to dab away some of her pussy juice before it became embarrassing. Class was almost over anyway. 

While in the ladies room wiping her crotch of her pussy juice, the nude model came in and used the stall next to Jen. Jen heard her pee and that got her juices going again. So she wiped again, pulled up her panties and smoothed her dress in front and left the stall. As she was washing her hands, out came the nude model who stood next to Jen and was washing her hands as well. 

Jen said, "Hi, my name is Jen, I'm in the art class, and I've been drawing you all week." 

"Yes I know," said the nude model, "you sat up right in front, and I can see, you know." 

Blushing Jen said, "Of course, geez, sorry, what a ditz I am." 

The nude model said, "My name is Ellen, nice to meet you," and extended her hand. Jen thought fast and said, "Hey, myself and another class mate were wondering if you would like to go get a coffee after class." 

"You were, were you. Just what did you two talk about regarding me?" Ellen said with a questioning tone. 

"Oh nothing really," Jen said, "We just commented that you seemed like a cool person to get to know." 

Ellen thought for a moment and then she said, "It just so happens I am free after this class, a coffee would be lovely." 

"Great, we'll meet you in the coffee shop then," said Jen as she turned to leave the ladies room. Back in class, everyone was putting their easels away when Jen walked in and she wasted no time finding Trish. She told her that she had arranged to meet the nude model at the coffee shop if she wished to make good on that fantasy of hers. She had no way of knowing whether Trish, Ellen and herself would wind up in bed, so she was being a little bold in making that comment to Trish. But Jen was on the hunt and when she was on the hunt, all was fair in love and sex.

"Her name is Ellen, BTW," Jen mentioned. 

Jen and Trish entered the coffee shop to find Ellen already at a table sipping a latte. The two girls ordered their drinks and joined Ellen. The three chatted getting to know one another. As it turns out, Ellen is a student at the college also. She is a junior and as such, can live off-campus. She models for extra cash to pay the rent. Ellen shares an apartment with a male student, they each have their own bed room and so far nothing has happened between them, but Ellen said he was cute and she might be up for it if the opportunity arises. So with that comment Jen knew Ellen wasn't a lesbian, but was she Bi? Or at least open to eating pussy? 

Jen, when she's on the hunt says bold things, so she just added, "Oh, we were hoping you had a female roommate, we could have a foursome." 

Ellen just smile and said, "Are you two gay?" 

"I'm Bi" answered Jen, "I don't know about Trish, I was just introduced to her today, but she told me she could eat you all up."

At that, Trish jumped in and said, all flustered, "I ... I... I... didn't mean it like that," as she blushed beet red.

"Sure you did," Jen said with a wink and a smile. "Now we just need to know if you're gay or Bi?"

Trish turned even more red. Hanging her head down she didn't know what to say, she had made the "eat you all up" comment all right but when it came out of Jens mouth so boldly, she got embarrassed. 

Ellen sensing the younger girl's trauma, touched her leg under the table and said, "It's all right Trish, you can be anything you want to be, let yourself go, you're safe here."

Trish looked up and said, "Well, I'm only bi-curious, I have a boyfriend back home. I've just been thinking lately I'd like to try different things while I'm away, and drawing your nude body right in front of me, you're so pretty, I guess I just got carried away."

Ellen moved her hand up closer to Trish's crotch under the table to signal to her that it was ok, and that she was willing to help her experiment. At this point Jen sitting across from Ellen, could not see what was going on under the table, so she had no idea if Ellen was just being a nice, supportive person or whether Ellen was even into girls or not. 

Ellen then said, "My apartment is just a 5 minute walk from here," and she got up and started walking out. She turned, seeing the two freshmen still at the table looking dumbfounded, she said, "Well, are you coming or not?" 

With that came Jen's answer, it seemed like Ellen was into pussy.

Inside her apartment, Ellen poured some wine and handed a glass to each girl. 

"Don't tell anyone," Ellen said with a smile and a laugh, knowing the two freshmen girls couldn't be 21 yet. Ellen herself just turned 21. The girls chatted some more about life, school, fashion, just idle chit chat while they drank their wine and got to know each other better. Jen was use to taking the lead during her other sexual encounters, but she decided to hang back and be the passive one here. 

The girls were sitting on the couch sipping their wine and chatting. Soon, Ellen moved over up against Trish and started stroking her hair gently. Jen knew things were progressing quickly and her twat was burning with desire now. Trish looked at Ellen with a little apprehension in her eyes. Trish was thinking, "Did I really want to go through with this?" 

Ellen planted some soft kisses on Trish's cheek and neck, gently blowing in her ear and cooing, saying, "It's ok, everything is going to be beautiful, you'll see." 

Trish didn't know what to do at first so she just sat there while Ellen slowly seduced her. Ellen's right hand found its way to Trish's thigh and she was making small circles with her fingers, lightly touching Trish's leg as she slowly worked her way up to her crotch. Once at her crotch, Ellen pushed harder through Trish's pants to rub her pussy and felt her way to Trish's clit. Ellen and Trish were kissing on the mouth now, gently at first, then more passionately. As Ellen worked Trish's clit, the young girl started to breath heavily. 

Jen, didn't need any seduction, she was gushing with love juice. Jen lifted her dress up, pulled her panties aside and started playing with her clit while watching the two other girls. Ellen looked over at Jen and smiled, she knew Jen would be ok by herself for a while, so she concentrated on Trish. 

Ellen unbuttoned Trish's blouse and worked her hand in under her bra massaging her breasts while continuing to kiss her. Trish was getting very excited now, she was feeling hot in her cloths and wanted to get out of them, but wanted to let Ellen set the pace, so she just relaxed and breathed deeply. Ellen thought Trish needed some guidance, since Trish just kept still while Ellen made all the moves, so Ellen took Trish's right hand and moved it to Ellen's thigh. Trish took the signal and ran with it, she reached up and undid Ellen's pants, reaching her hand inside and zoning in on her pussy. She started returning Ellen's kisses more passionately, she slipped her tongue inside Ellen's mouth and explored her first French kiss with another woman. 

Trish broke away and stood up and announced, "I need to get out of these cloths, I'm burning up." With that she removed her blouse and bra and let her 34C breasts out for air. Her breasts were beautiful globes of freckled flesh, with small areolas, but pert nipples. She then removed her pants and panties in one movement, slipped off her socks and was naked. Trish sat back down on the couch and Ellen moved off the couch and down in front of her. Ellen pushed Trish back so she slouched back with her legs spread. Ellen dove in between her legs and started licking gently all around Trish's mound. Slowly Ellen worked her way into her vulva, first her outer labia, licking and smelling her musk. Trish was not shaved, but she was well kept. Ellen loved hair on a pussy, she loved to tickle her nose with pubic hair. Ellen moved into the inner labia and traced her tongue along the edge of Trish's pussy lips. She dove her tongue into Trish's folds as deep into her pussy as she could before licking up to her clitoris. 

Once at her clit, Ellen stayed there for a while, running her tongue in circles around Trish's clit. Jen was fascinated watching Ellen eat out Trish, she never watched two girls going at it, except when she was being eaten, it was a whole new perspective being removed from the action. Jen was happily masturbating on the other side of the couch, she had removed all her cloths while Ellen was busy with Trish. Jen was getting into her orgasmic wave, riding higher and higher as she watched Trish being eaten while fingering her clit with delight. 

Jen soon wanted in on the action though, she could masturbate anytime. So she got down behind Ellen, who was still fully clothed at this point and started rubbing Ellen's pussy from behind through her pants. Ellen cooed and pushed back into Jen's hand. Jen worked her pussy until she felt Ellen's moisture wicking through her pants. Jen reached up and slid Ellen's pants and panties off her ass, down her legs and down to the floor. Ellen not missing a beat while licking Trish, lifted each leg one at a time so Jen could remove her pants. Jen then laid on the floor and slid in between Ellen's legs and moved her head up between her legs to lick her pussy while Ellen continued to eat Trish. Ellen lowered herself onto Jen's face so Jen could relax and work her with her tongue. Trish was cumming now. Ellen was experienced at cunnilingus, and Trish was getting the benefit of that. Trish started to buck and scream, she had been eaten by her boyfriend before, but never came while he was down there. She was experiencing a whole new orgasm. Ellen dove two fingers into Trish and found her G-spot and began working it while she licked her clit. This sent Trish over the top and she came hard and squirted in Ellen's face. 

Ellen loved it and licked all of Trish's juice up and continued to lick her pussy until Trish pushed her away claiming, "Stop, stop I am too sensitive right now." Ellen moved her head away from Trish's clit, but left it on her crotch, leaning her head on Trish's thigh while she concentrated on grinding her own pussy into Jen's face. Ellen loved being eaten and knew how to milk it before cumming, she just let her ecstasy slowly build as Jen's tongue worked her pussy from below. Jen was in heaven too, she loved to eat pussy, she had been longing for some lately and now she was feasting. 

Trish needed to get up and pee, so she slipped out from under Ellen's head and went to the bathroom. 

When Trish got back into the living room she saw Ellen still on all fours and sitting on Jen's face. Jen had her hand between her legs and was rubbing her own clit. Trish had never eaten another woman before but she had been fantasizing about it, and after all, it was her comment about "eating her all up" that got them into this lovely situation. She really wanted the nude model's pussy to be her first, after all that was the one she had been dreaming about, but it was otherwise engaged right now, and a perfectly good pussy was staring her in the face. So Trish knelt down between Jen's legs and moved Jen's hand away from her clit and replaced it with her lips. 

Trish loved the smell of her own pussy, and often licked her fingers while she was playing with herself, so she wanted to compare her taste to another woman. Jen always kept herself clean and her pussy was as sweet a pussy as there ever was. Trish loved Jen's taste, she even thought that it tasted better than her own. She lapped and lapped, albeit a little inexperienced, she never the less gave it the old college try. Jen let her go on lapping like a dog, knowing she needed a little instruction, but she could not do it right now, her face was buried by Ellen's snatch. Ellen began to cum, she gyrated her clit on Jen's mouth and moved so her whole pussy was mopping Jen's face. Jen shoved her hand into Ellen cunt, first two then three, then four fingers, she almost got her whole hand up Ellen's love hole. This sent Ellen into orbit, she bucked and moaned her way to an intense orgasm. Ellen shuddered for 5 minutes, then finally, collapsed and rolled off Jen's face. 

Jen couldn't cum with Trish's inexperienced lapping, so she pushed Trish's head off her and sat up saying, "We have some work to do with you girl. You need pussy eating lessons." 

Trish blushed, shrugged her shoulders and said, "Sorry," with a sheepish grin. Jen had cum a bunch of times during that afternoon, but none of them by another woman's tongue, and now wasn't the time to teach cunnilingus to a newbie. So Jen rolled Ellen over on her back and Jen sat on her face. Ellen expertly brought Jen to where she wanted to be. Trish watched intently to pick up pointers all the while fingering herself to anther orgasm. 

When everyone was done the girls cleaned up and got dressed, had another glass of wine and talked. Jen needed to go and study, so she made the first move to leave. 

As Trish got up to follow, Ellen said to her, "Stay after school tonight dear, I'll give you some pointers." Jen smiled at that and winked at Trish, said good night and left heading back to her dorm room.

John and Steve -

A week went by after Jen, John and Steve' first threesome. It was late at night, both John and Steve were studying. John was laying on his bed in his boxers and a tee shirt. John must have been getting horny, his cock was not hard but getting a little long in the trousers as you might say.

John said to Steve, "Last week, when we both had sex with Jen, you touched my balls and put my cock in your mouth, are you gay?" 

Steve laughed, "No, I'm bisexual," he answered. John had heard of bisexuals of course, but never gave them any thought.

John said, "How can you just switch back and forth like that, between gay and hetero?" Steve again chuckled, "There is no switching, I'm not gay, I just like both equally, and sometimes I like them both at the same time." 

"I could never suck another man's cock," John added.

"Did you like it when I sucked your cock during the threesome?" Steve inquired.

"Well, sort of, Jen made me so I could fuck her, remember. I guess it wasn't too bad being sucked by you," John added. 

"Would you like me to try it again?" 

"Well, if Jen were here and it was a condition of getting to fuck her again I would," John said laughing.

"We could practice now," Steve said. "You'll need practice to feel comfortable having your cock sucked by another guy before we have another threesome with Jen again." 

John's cock grew as he thought of getting a blow job, even if it was from a guy. His cock now poked out of the bottom of his boxer leg.

Steve saw John's cock poking out of his boxers and knew he had his roommate right where he wanted him. Steve came over to John's bed and grabbed hold of John's cock and started stroking it. Steve reached up and pulled John's boxers off, then lowered his head to his cock. He took John's cock in his mouth and started to suck. Steve knew he had to tread lightly here, in how he blew John, if he came across to feminine it might scare John and he might pull back. If he was too rough, like a bull gay, that might also scare John. Steve was aiming for the middle of the road, like as if they were simply blow job buddies. Steve twirled his tongue around the head of John's cock, but didn't linger long there before fully engulfing John's cock in his mouth. Steve simply mouth stroked his roommate's organ. Steve would repeat that action, not getting too fancy, just a straight up blow job. John was soon ready to blow a load and Steve sensed this. Steve had alternative plans. Oh, he would finish him off alright, but he knew if he did, he would have no chance of getting John to suck his cock after John came. 

Steve stopped sucking John's cock and said, "Would you like to try it?" 

"Oh, I don't know," John said breathing lustfully, needing to cum. "It wouldn't mean I'm gay would it?" he asked. 

"Of course not, it would mean nothing. Every guy should try sucking another guy's cock, at least once," Steve added.

Steve didn't wait for an answer, he stood, slipped his cock out of his pants and moved up to John's head and put the head of his cock at his lips. John opened his mouth and just stayed there in that position not knowing what to do, half expecting Steve to shove his cock in. 

"Just start by licking the head a little," Steve instructed. 

John stuck his tongue out and started tentatively licking the head of Steve's cock. 

John was surprised, he didn't mind the taste. "Lick all around the head, like a lollypop," said Steve. He licked the head of Steve's cock all around enjoying it more as he went on. Steve started to push a little further into John's mouth with his cock. John got the hint and opened up and took more of Steve's cock into his mouth. 
