 Hi, my name is Jenny. I'm a petite 105lbs., perky 34B's, and long red hair. I want to tell you about last weekend when I went to my first frat party. I'm just a freshman so I went with my friend, Tiffany who's a sophomore, blond, incredibly pretty with a killer body.

I was a little shy at first but after a few drinks of punch which had grape juice, 7-up, and about 5 kinds of liquor, I was out there dancing with the rest of them, showing off my slinky body. A couple of the guys we were dancing with asked us up to their 4th floor room to see the view of campus.

We knew what they really wanted but we didn't care. I'd had a couple of boyfriends in high school but hadn't really met anyone here at college yet. As soon as we got up to Jason and Todd's room, Tiffany and Todd began making out like crazy.

I didn't want to be a prude so I started kissing Jason and even let him slide his hand up my dress to my wet panties. I looked over to the other bed where my girlfriend was already getting 9 hard inches of meat shoved up her pussy and she was begging for more.

I was so turned on by watching her that I let my clothes be taken off and lay back awaiting my cock invasion. I had been months since I had sex and my pussy was going to be tight. I gave a little shudder of fear when my guy dropped his shorts and I saw that his dick was even bigger than his roommates. I almost wanted to bail but it was too late now.

I gasped and screamed as he pushed that big prick into my little hole. After several slow strokes my pussy muscles began to relax and accept the big throbbing rod so suddenly he shoved all 10 inches deep into my hot canal, burying himself to the hilt. I gritted my teeth, amazed that I could take it all and soon began enjoying it, feeling an orgasm starting to build from the incessant pounding on my clit.

I saw my girlfriend, now riding her man like a cowgirl, hair whipping around, big tits bouncing, encouraging me with a you go girl. I had never watched anyone fuck, not even in movies, and certainly no one had ever watched me fucking that I lost control, started bucking my cradle hard up into that meat and soon had a screaming orgasm.

I felt so slutty that I now wanted a mouthful of guy goo so he straddled my face and began fucking my mouth. I had never let any guy come in my mouth before but this time I knew I wouldn't pull out, I couldn't. He was holding my head as I pursed my lips as tight as I could and with an anguished grunt I felt hot sperm being shot down my throat. It was gooey and tangy and sticky but I didn't care.

He must have spurted about 8 times but I just kept on swallowing, hungry for all the slime he filled my mouth with. Suddenly Tiffany was there kissing me! I had never kissed a girl before but here was her tongue in my cum drenched mouth so I stuck my tongue down her throat, letting her taste the fresh slop.

Our screams and moans must have attracted some attention for there was a knock on the door and in came some more partiers, 3 hunky guys and a gorgeous brunette, all naked! I was a little surprised and embarrassed but still turned on from my powerful orgasm and wicked cum kiss that I thought what the hell. Tiffany bounced up and said she wanted the guys to fulfill her biggest fantasy, she said she could take on all five guys at once. One guy lubed her butt as she perched on the bed on all fours and wormed his dick into her little bunghole. I'd heard about ass fucking of course but never seen it. Tiff seemed to love it and took almost all of it in her rectum. Another guy slid under her and entered her pussy. A third guy put his big prick in front of her face which she greedily gobbled up, even deep throating him, while the other two knelt on either side as she jerked them off with both hands. She was doing it, servicing 5 guys at once.

I had hardly noticed the other girl sitting next to me who was running her hands over my body and licking my ear. She whispered that she wanted to go down on me and while I'm no lezzie I found myself saying yes, please, eat my pussy. She knelt down and stuck her hot girl tongue right up my nasty cunt hole and between watching the 5 way action and the clit sucking, I came again big time.

Then she sat back next to me and gave me a wet sloppy kiss tasting of my own cunt juice. Gently she pushed me down to her firm round tits which I happily sucked on and gently she pushed me down to her bush. It definitely felt weird sticking my face into the muff of a girl whose name I didn't even know but I parted her legs and stuck out my tongue for my first taste of hot wet cunt!

While I was eating her I felt something oily being smeared into my butt. One of the guys was going to try to fuck my ass. I figured if Tiffany could do it so could I even though I was much smaller. Besides my head was being held into a gyrating pussy and firm hands were gripping my hips and spreading my cheeks. I sort of liked the helpless feeling so I braced myself preparing for the worst. The pain was sharp and intense as the guy, whatever guy, tried to shove his cockhead past my little sphincter. My screams were muffled by pussy fur as he managed to make it a few inches into my forbidden hole. In a minute though, my muscles relaxed as he began stabbing deeper into my chute and I began to really enjoy my first ass fuck.

Soon my mouth was flooded with nasty girl cum and my ass took a load of hot spunk. Then another guy laid on the bed while I lowered my ass onto his prick and someone else knelt on top of us and shoved a cock into my pussy. I was really stretched out with two cocks plunging deep into my innards but I loved it. We all fucked every which way until dawn and when we got home, I stripped Tiffany and we kissed and sucked for another hour. It was a night I'll never forget but I want to do it again soon.