 Chapter 2: The Contest

I still couldn't believe I was sitting across the table from you at an outdoor café in Los Angeles. And I was warm! Believe me, coming from Canada, the thought of a March wind not assaulting your very bone marrow was a sweet thought. 

Over dinner we laughed about our outrageous plans for tonight—all the while I secretly watched your mouth while you spoke. I wanted to kiss you so badly. You looked delicious, eyes sparkling with the excitement of us finally meeting in your city. 

Yes, we had only met yesterday. Well, that's not completely true as we probably knew each other better than most lovers who had been together for years. The internet tends to do that to relationships—you dive in fast and furious with no secrets held back. In fact, I had discovered things about myself that even I didn't know! 

When we met on-line we had made an immediate connection and developed a deep affection for each other along with some 'hot and spicy' exploration tossed in. It eventually spiralled to a point where there was simply nothing more in the world we wanted to do than to look into each other's eyes while making love. 

But tonight our conversation was charged with the excitement of actually speaking face-to-face—after all we had been writing every day to one another for over five months now. It had been a scary step bringing our on-line relationship into reality. I hadn't imagined we would enjoy each other this much. I don't think either of us had finished one entire train of thought yet tonight. We had so much to say - jumping from subject to subject, covering the spectrum from childhood fears to music that moved our souls. With fingers entwined, we talked and talked and talked. 

Last night we had spent a glorious night in bed that's another story); tender and slow, getting to experience in the flesh, what we knew and wanted. My body had transformed into an electrified, wet, and willing playground for you. Who would have thought your touch was even more exquisite in person? It made our long distance correspondence now seem understated and unreal. Yes, last night had been a little piece of heaven—no, make that a large slice. 

But tonight we felt naughty and had a sinful plan. I was nervous but excited—this was going to be a big first on the 'Holy Shit Do You Believe I Did That!' list. I can't remember whose idea it had been—only that it was a secret fantasy we both shared. You even had the perfect club picked out for this scrumptious deed. 

While chatting on-line we had sketched out in full detail the description of the man we were looking for tonight. The physical aspect had been very important to me and I was happy to see that we had similar tastes. I am attracted to big men, in every way, as I love feeling surrounded and sometimes powerless by them. We also had a prerequisite that was a must—his cock had to be larger than yours. This might be difficult to find but what a mission! 

After dinner and a shared bottle of wine we decided to walk to the club. The streets were oozing with energy, making me feel giddy, like a teenager in love who had forgotten the meaning of common sense. Your arm brushed against mine as we walked, luring my thoughts and body back to our last 24 hours spent in bed. I reached out for your hand needing to be reminded I was really here. 

You wrapped your arms around me, pulling me into a little cove that was carved out by the building's structure and pressed your body against mine as we kissed. I was instantly transported back to last night's love making. Your kisses seemed to do that to me. I sighed softly as your warm, thick tongue welcomed mine in your mouth. We laughed at how aroused we could get in a mere 30 seconds of kissing and forced ourselves to carry on with our walk. 

"This is it!" you announced as we approached an old stone mansion. I looked up to see a doorman at the top of a wide staircase greeting couples as they entered. My heart pounded as we climbed the stairs and stepped inside the club. 

"Last chance to turn around Jenn," said that trusty little angel sitting on my shoulder. I smiled feeling comfortable and excited as your hands went around my waist and directed me straight to the bar. I ordered a tall soda water with a mountain of lemon slices wanting to have a clear head for our night. I was nervous. As if it wasn't enough that I had you beside me, wanting me as much as I wanted you, we were going to share an experience tonight that was only in my stories—pen to paper. 

You saw the uncertain look on my face and nuzzled your nose into my hair whispering, "Jenn, this will only go as far as you want it to go. It can be just you and me at any time. But I can feel you want to do this and I know you'll love it. Let's go find a comfy place to people-watch and find our man." 

Your lips planted delicate kisses along the side of my neck, working their way to my mouth. It was my most favourite kiss of the night. No tongue, just your soft lips on mine—no movement, only a sensual exchange of tenderness.

We walked through an elaborate room of couches, tables and chairs crowded with people talking and drinking. Long-legged women were pole-dancing on a stage to the side of the room stripping for the voyeurs. The room was alive with a sexed up charge as the skimpy attire of the daring ones was slowly being peeled off. Others were already half naked on the dance floor, affected by the scent of sex and the anticipation of what the night was to hold. 

We found a couch with a great view of the room and sat down laughing with each other. Two kids in a candy shop. It wasn't long before the music lured me to the dance floor. Grabbing your hand I smiled and said, "Come dance with me James!" This was the perfect way to work off some of my nervous energy; I love to dance when the music moves me. 

By the time we made our way to the dance floor a slow song was playing, Whiter Shade of Pale. You pulled me close and whispered, "I love having you in my arms." Our mouths and tongues danced together, once again feeling that special connection—making everyone else in the room disappear. 

Your hands pressed on my ass and I moaned, feeling your cock hard against me. One hand stayed massaging my cheeks, as the other slid up my side, cupping one of my breasts. Your thumb played with the nipple hiding under my silky camisole sending a fiery message directly to my clit. I ran my fingertips along your neck and down your chest. Everyone around us was enjoying the intimacy of their dance; kissing and touching—all performers knowing they were being watched. Slow dancing took on a new meaning for me that night. 

Then I saw him. A woman was kneeling in front of a beautiful, tall, dark man. His zipper was undone and his cock was in her mouth. I watched as she slowly pulled her head back revealing a huge, thick cock. It was just what we were looking for. His hands played in her hair as she sucked him with the confidence of knowing what he liked. 

I whispered in your ear, "We've found him." Your eyes moved in the same direction as mine and we watched her tease him, our tongues still playing. His body language said he was holding back, not wanting to be satiated then and there. The woman fed into that, knowing when to pull back and slow down. 

To our delight his eyes were drawn to us. He watched your fingers playing with my nipple and our tongues languidly making love. My hand slid down your chest and stomach to the spectacular bulge in your pants – his eyes followed my hands. I ran my palm over your protruding cock letting my fingers fondle the outline of your balls giving him a full view of your sex. Our friend smiled and we knew he wanted us.

His hands reached down to the woman's head and gently pulled her up so she was standing in front of him. He kissed her mouth with a familiarity—they seemed to be old lovers that had tasted and enjoyed each other's talents before. When their kiss had ended she slid out of his arms and disappeared into the pulse of the club. He looked at us and tilted his head with questioning eyes. We exchanged affirming looks and both smiled back at him. The message had been sent. We were all on the same wave length. He left the dance floor with us following.

We were led to a private room off to the side of the club furnished with a large chaise lounge and a matching deep crimson loveseat. There was an exchange of words with our waiter and a bottle of Ayala, a dry French Champagne, arrived quickly and was placed on a wrought iron table in the middle of our playroom. The oval shaped room had several one-way glass windows looking out into the club. We could see out – but no one could see in. I loved the haunting, seductive feeling created by the dim light cast from the medieval chandelier hanging above us. The room was dripping with an open invitation of tasteful sensuality and dirty fucking.

Our host poured three glasses of champagne and offered us one, making sure our hands brushed upon delivery. What a sensual touch. My body was on fire with the thought of having both of you all to myself. Without even having a first sip of the pink bubbly, I felt light headed and giddy—this was really happening! 

"Hi, my name's Peter." His face broke into a delicious smile, making his eyes dance as he held his champagne glass up in a toast. 

The ice was broken. We all clinked glasses, exchanging looks filled with excitement and anticipation. 

With wet, cool lips you leaned over and kissed me. "This is Jennifer, Peter, and my name is James." 

I took another healthy gulp of my drink and slid down beside you on the loveseat. Peter stayed standing, undressing us with his eyes. I felt naked already and loved the surge of anxiety as it ran through my veins. 

With a sultry look I turned to him, "We have a fantasy we would like to play out with you tonight Peter."

Amused by this suggestion he sat down beside me on the arm of the loveseat and said, "Oh, and what might that be?" 

I explained that you had a very large cock and had always wanted to suck another cock that was bigger than your own. 

Peter smiled. "And what is your participation in this fantasy, Jennifer?"

"Well, James' fantasy actually is two-fold which includes me too. It would be like a contest. We want to see whose technique you like best." 

We all laughed. Can you imagine having to ask a man if he would like to be sucked and licked and stroked by two lovers ready to do anything to outdo each other? 

Peter put his glass down on the table and his hand moved up to touch my neck. His fingers ran across my shoulder making the tiny dress strap fall down my arm. "I think I would like that very much," he said. He did the same to the other strap and then moved his fingers down to my nipple, circling the soft areola on the outside of my top. My breath quickened at his touch.

Peter continued teasing my nipples and looked at you with a request. "I would love to watch the two of you kiss again like you did on the dance floor. The passion you both surrender to while kissing is quite a turn on for me." 

Happy to oblige, I leaned back and sank into your arms. As I did, the top of my dress fell down just enough to expose my tanned breasts and nipples. Peter's playing had made them hard and sensitive. I loved the rush of power it gave me knowing this would seduce him even more. I felt your hand slide over one of my breasts and take a nipple between your finger and thumb—rolling it firmly—as you had found out last night I loved so much. Your kiss got me so hot! Your tongue slid between my lips, running over my teeth, around my tongue and then plunged into my mouth. I craved a long, deep kiss that mimicked what your cock was going to feel like inside me later tonight. 

A hand slid up my leg along the inside of my thigh making my legs spread instinctively. I opened my eyes and smiled to see the surprise on Peter's face at his discovery. I was not wearing panties. I find it very arousing to go out in public with the thought of being readily fucked at any moment. My stomach muscles tightened as Peter's fingers teased the outside of my shaved pussy, making me wet with desire, willing them to sink deep inside me. 

Then his touch was gone. While we kissed, Peter moved onto the chaise lounge and stroked his cock slowly as he watched us. Yes, it was enormous. I never thought I would see a cock larger than yours, my dear James, but there it was—waiting for us. 

I walked over to him and kneeled between his legs. My hands reached up and unbuttoned his shirt, exposing his black, hairy chest, button-by-button— inch-by-inch. "I want to kiss you Jennifer," he said, staring into my eyes. As this was my first time at a swing club let alone participating in a threesome, I wasn't sure of the etiquette and looked at you for sanction. 

Your hand touched my cheek. "Yes, my love, do whatever your body wants you to do. This is for us, remember?"

At that moment I wanted to be in your arms. A gentle feeling of love swept through me and confused me. I tucked it away promising myself I would revisit it later. You had such a way of making me feel comfortable about what I was doing. I had never before let anyone into this guarded place we were exploring together—it felt unfamiliar but so right. 

I was pulled into Peter's arms and felt a different mouth on mine. He had beautiful, full lips and his kiss was slow and deep. As his tongue wrapped around mine, his breath became my breath and my exhales turned into soft whimpers. He kissed me with a desire that was raw and sensually rough. It made me want to melt into him. 

His hands went to the top of my dress and tugged it down to my midriff, completely exposing my breasts. My mouth let out a faint gasp as I felt your eyes on me—watching this man touch my breasts—seeing the passion in our tongues, and I liked it. 

You moved over and joined us, positioning you behind me, kissing my neck. I laughed out loud thinking no one would believe me if I told them what I was doing right now. There I was, sandwiched between two hot bodies pressing against me, hands exploring every inch and the two biggest cocks I would probably see in my entire lifetime at my command. 

My body was pulsing and sending electric charges of arousal through my veins—head to toe. Every nerve ending seemed to be on fire. Your hands went down my back and ran over my ass. I knew I had better get our mission started or we would become completely side tracked, even if it was in the most delectable way. 

I broke off my kiss, smiling at Peter as I gently pushed him back so he was lying on the chaise lounge. His unbuttoned shirt fell opened, exposing a muscular upper body and a dark jungle of hair. I couldn't resist and crawled up his body like a stalking cat, letting my tongue lead the way—sliding up to his neck and dragging my nipples along his torso and chest. My tongue teased as it flicked across his lips and then I returned down the same way it had come.

I moved to the right of the chaise lounge as you kneeled on the opposite side, with Peter lying down between us. Easing his jeans and boxer shorts down his body, I removed them and dropped them to the floor. Oh, James, we had done well. I took a moment to admire our choice. We had excellent taste, I thought, as my eyes drank in his large, solid thighs and a washboard for a stomach. 

You leaned forward, over his body, and pulled me into a kiss. Peter's cock was so hard and long that it touched my nipples as we bent over him. I let out a soft sigh of excitement, my tongue craving to start the contest. 

As we kissed you lowered your body slowly so that our mouths were now hovering just above Peter's cock. You gently pulled your mouth away from mine and smiled just before running your tongue slowly along Peter's long, stiff shaft. Never being able to resist a challenge, I did the same with one, unhurried lick down the other side. 

I whispered, "Let the games begin." We both parted our lips and worked them up his cock, French kissing it—your eyes focused on my eyes—locked inside our stare. Once we reached the soft, velvet head our tongues swirled, sealing our lips together in a long, passionate kiss. The texture of our lips and Peter's cock head were so smooth and slippery that it made our tongues almost feel rough in contrast. 

I pulled Peter's thigh toward me, spreading his legs so I could play with his balls. My fingers cupped them, gently massaging with the palm of my hand. I grasped his cock with my other hand and swirled my tongue around the soft head. My mouth wanted to taste him. I let it slide inside my mouth, taking in as much as I could and then pulled up at a slow, torturous pace. Peter started to moan with delight. 

I held his cock at the base of the shaft and offered it to you. Your lips covered the head and you deep throated him over and over again while I controlled his cock with my hand. Watching you feast on him made me even hungrier for my turn. I pulled his cock away from your mouth and guided it into mine. Your hands played in my hair, tugging it, smoothing it, messing it. Like two musicians 'trading fours' we shared sucking his cock, driving him wild. 

We finally came up for air and smiled at each other. Peter murmured something about not being sure he was going to survive the Contest and collapsed back down onto the crimson red torture rack. 

We almost lost him when you placed a hand lightly on top of mine while I continued stroking him—sliding up and down his throbbing shaft. With your guidance you showed me the perfect rhythm for taking a man this way. But we were not ready to let him come. 

I removed our hands making way for my wet lips to slide up his cock. Just as I reached the head I stopped and ran my tongue around his thick girth. God, he had a gorgeous cock! Hesitating at the crease, I swirled round and round that tiny, delicate, overly-sensitive spot. Peter's hips pushed forward in response. The tip of my tongue flipped up to the head and, using it like a paint brush, I licked and flicked at my masterpiece. I felt your fingers entwine with mine, barely touching but grounding us as two lovers consumed in lust. 

You joined me teasing his cock with your tongue—sometimes surprising me and sliding it in my mouth between licks. At that point, I don't know what was enjoying your tongue more, my mouth or Peter's cock. We necked and sucked and licked and teased him until I felt his fingers in my hair. He was groaning and his balls were taut and hard. 

You stood up and guided me so I was bent over between Peter's legs. I heard you unzipping your pants and felt my skirt being pushed up over my ass as my mouth hungrily dove back down, lavishing Peter once more. You spread my legs and gently pushed your cock between my thighs, sliding it up my slit that was now slippery, moist and ready. When it touched my clit I breathed a soft cry. 

In a dreamy state, I opened my eyes to admire my tasty, larger-than-life lollipop and was struck with a very erotic sight through the one-way windows. There was a woman half naked with pieces of her clothing discarded on the couch she was bent over. Her tongue was playing with another woman's nipples while her partner was fucking her doggie style. My eyes were glued to his cock thrusting into her as he held her by the waist, grinding his body into hers. 

Peter's cock was now buried inside my mouth. Well, I should say, as much as I could get into my mouth! With a slow and steady motion his hips rose up, gently urging me to take it deeper and deeper. Spreading my cheeks wide, you pushed your cock in slowly—all the way—fucking me with the same rhythm as Peter's thrusts. James, this was everything you had said it would be, and more. 

Once again Peter's body told me he was going to come. His hands dropped down to the side of the chaise lounge looking for something to hold onto and his hips gently bucked under me. He was still moving at a sensually slow pace so I followed his lead and didn't quicken the tempo—he liked it slow and steady. I let his cock slide in deep, grazing the back of my throat. It was rock hard and throbbing. I felt a shudder ripple through his body and he cried out. My tongue swirled around the head as I wrapped my hand around his huge pulsing cock, gently pumping it. I had never seen anything like this—he kept coming and coming. 
