 Jenn and Lauren are good friends with both my sons. They are both 22 years old and have been boating with us regularly since middle school. In the early high school years, it was obvious that these girls were going to be hot young ladies, and they have not disappointed me at all. I kinda felt like a pervert, checking them out during the late teenage years, but it was hard not to notice their growth. 

In my opinion Jenn is the an absolute beauty. She is a big girl, not fat at all, but tall and athletically built. She goes about 5-9 and about 140 lbs. She has a huge main of coal black hair and wore it in an almost 1980's style. She has big round dark eyes, very voluptuous curves, with full natural boobs. She was beast on the basketball and volleyball courts in high school and college, but when she is in her girl clothes, trust me, she is ALL woman. She has a small tattoo just above the bikini line in the small of her back and has a barbed wire tattoo all around her naval in addition to the naval piercing. Very hot.......

Jenn is very comfortable for a girl of her size. Most girls try to dress down and hid the height and curves. Jenn has no problem with it and carries it well. She regularly wears tight clothing which accentuates her curves. She wears tight jeans, crop tops which show her sexy tummy, and stuff with deep cleavage. She also wears a lot of short cheerleader type shorts and sports bras. She does not dress slutty at all, actually more sporty than anything. She also wears baseball hats with the pony tail sticking out the back and large hoop earings. 

Jenn is really into having fun. No matter what she is doing, fun is a priority. She is constantly laughing and carrying on. She has a very magnetic personality and I really like being around her. She has not seen her father since she was 3, so I think she likes the fatherly type relationship that I possess. She regularly gives me a hello or goodbye kiss on the forhead and refers to me as "old man". 

Little Lauren is just the opposite, she is little. Maybe 5 feet and 100 lbs. she has dirty blonde hair just long enough for the 'soccer girl pony tail' look, green eyes, very small boob and never wears a bra. She has nice curves but not as solid and curvy as Jenn's. Lauren has her belly button pierced also and then the small diamond stud in the side of her nose. 

Lauren is not as outgoing as Jenn. She will laugh in response to funny stuff, but is not the initiator of the fun. She kind of sits back and watches and just takes it all in, just being part of the fun. 

Both girls have killer tans as they spend at least 1 day a week with us on the boat. I really dig the tiny bikinis they wear and they are not shy at all about wearing them. Even the cover up clothing they wear is very tight and sexy. The just romp and roll all over the boat as they did when they were little kids. Little did they know that I was loving the sights of all the wiggles and jiggles that their hot bodies produced. They were the thought of many jerk off sessions for me over the last couple years. Perv.........

Anyhow, this summer was great for boating, sunny and hot all season. One Wednesday, they came over and prepared to go boating for the day. My wife Katie was at work and going to meet us around dinner time on the water. 

Both my sons and the girls were going to the lake early and meeting one of my sons other friends. We got everything loaded and off we go. As we launched the boat, my son's friend called and said his car broke down. My older son offered to go pick him up as he was anxious to see his buddy. Their schedules did not coordinate well this summer so they were dying to hang together. The other son volunteered to go along as he is a motor head and was going to look at the car to find the problem. They would be gone for about 3 hours, so the girls and I just took off without them. 

We cruised down to the islands and found our favorite cove to drop anchor. Being a Wednesday, the lake was empty as expected. The girls wasted no time at all in peeling off the tight cover ups. I think they put a little extra wiggle in it for me as it seemed like the undressed in slow motion. My cock stirred slightly as I saw Jenn had a new piece of jewelry. She wore one of those belly chains that girls wear like a belt. It was draped over her shapely hips and dipped way down in the front. But it had a small chain that connected it to her belly button ring. Yep, the cock is hard now. 

Jenn was wearing a true string bikini. The bottoms tie up very high on the sides of her hip and fit very seductively. The top is a regular string top with the triangle pieces that slide to make the cups wider or narrow. Her large boobs filled the cups and seemed to slightly spill out of the sides. 

Lauren had on a halter type top which went very well with her tiny little boobs. Her bottoms were a deep V cut that had the seem that ran vertically up the center of the crotch. It produced a very, very slight camel toe, but she makes no attempt to hide it. 

I had to change my position to cover the erection, hopefully they did not notice. Jenn plopped down on the spacious sun pad, and Little Lauren sat in the corner of the bench seat. It was very sunny and hot and the sweat beads built up on their gorgeously tanned bodies. I was in the passenger seat swiveled facing backwards with my feet propped up on the rear bench seat.

I was reading a magazine and the girls chatted about guys. Jenn was mad because the guy she liked treated her like a possession. Lauren had no boyfriend at all; she just fucked em and chucked em. Jenn was somewhat of flirt and cock tease and most people new it. She however, seemed to think that it should not matter. But the new boyfriend didn't like it and treated her accordingly. I kinda giggled thinking about my high school days and how I would fuck any girl I could get, no relationship shit, just sex. 

"What is so funny Mr P?" Lauren asked.

"just hearing you 2 talk about guys, that's all."

"Mr P, are all guys assholes like Bill? Seems like they just want to bust their nut with me and then shove me aside so they can do their thing." Jenn admitted. 

"Well Jenn, not all are like that, but you don't help matters either with the teasing stuff you know."

She looked at me kinda perturbed and then got a shit eatin grin.

"Yeah, I guess I am somewhat of a flirt and cock tease." and both girls giggled.

"When a girls does that stuff, guys just want to bust their nut and give them a good ole grudge fuck." I explained. "As long as they get off, they don't care about you." 

"What about you Mr P? You and Mrs P were sweethearts in school. Did YOU ever give HER a grudge fuck?"

"No mam, I was so happy to be getting laid that I gave it 110% percent all the time." I replied. I knew that tomorrow could be the last time I ever had sex and I wanted to make sure I had no regrets about my effort."

"Too bad all guys aren't like that, huh Lauren?" Jenn quipped. 

"Yeah, it would be nice to have a guy think about what WE like too and not just them doin me with a quickie and then splitting."

The talk about sex and the sweat glistening on their succulent bodies had my cock stirred up even more and I had to change positions again so as to hide the boner. 

Jenn must have noticed, because she sat up and faced me with her feet now on the bench seat. "I guess Mrs. P must be pretty pleased with your effort then, huh Mr P?"

"She hasn't complained yet, so I guess I must be doing ok. With me getting older, Things aren't going to work forever you know." I laughed as I pointed to my crotch, "so I need to be the best I can be and get it while the gettin is good."

"Well" said Jenn, "seems to me like things are lookin pretty good right now, huh Lauren?" She gave Lauren a wink and a nod to look towards my rock hard cock. 

Of course, Lauren looked and made slight wide eyed response. Lauren looked back to Jenn and must have mouthed something because Jenn nodded slightly and leaned forward exposing massive cleavage. 

"What do you think Mr P, would you show me what 110% feels like?"

" Uhhhhhh, Sorry, but Mrs P probably would like that very much."

"Well now, she isn't here and what she doesn't know won't hurt her" Little Lauren said which kinda surprised me. 

Jenn lunged from her spot over towards me and grabbed my cock right through my shorts. I leaned back in an attempt to resist but there was nowhere to go. 

"After all, You said it Mr P, gotta get it while the gettin is good, right?"

"I guess I did say something like that, now didn't I?"

"So are you good to your word or are you gonna wimp out?" Lauren commanded. 

Jenn removed her hand and quickly sat on my lap facing sideways with her arms around my neck. She pressed her large boob close to my face and waited for a response.

"WELL, Mr P?" she asked. 

I broke into a sweat with nervousness, not exactly sure what to think or do, seemed like forever. Then the devil me thought 'if she wants to fuck me, who am I to say no'. this girl is spankin hot and is hanging on me dying for a fuck, and you better damn well know that I am not going to let her down. 

Without saying a word, I grabbed her behind the head with one hand and pressed my lips tightly to hers. She gasped as I surprised her, but relaxed almost instantly and began to kiss back very passionately. Our tongues probed each others warm mouths and she even sucked my tongue, blow job style. My other hand instinctively went to her hip while the other stayed tangled in her massive expanse of hair. She showed some aggressiveness during the kiss, which made me believe that she was not teasing, she really wanted 110%.

I broke the kiss and began to nuzzle her neck and throat as she leaned her head back to offer me the room. She let out a slight 'mmmmm' noise which meant she approved. I looked at Little Lauren over in the corner and she just looked at me without blinking. I was getting a 'go ahead and fuck her' vibe as she just sat their and stared with intensity. I resumed with Jenn by moving some hair to nibble and licking her ear. She giggled at first but then began to enjoy it with a little more 'mmmm'. 

I used a very light fingertip touch and just dragged my fingers all over her curvy waist and hips. Her body gently swayed as she wrapped an arm around my head and leaned back a again to give me more room for the touch. I hoisted her up and told her to lie on her back on the bench and for Lauren to hop into the driver's seat and face backward. Jenn lay back as if on a massage table and I kneeled on the floor. I began to kiss her again as she wrapped her arm around me and lightly rubbed my back. I used my hand and began to caress her soft smooth tummy, hips and waist. I am absolutely fascinated by her gorgeous curves and going to touch them as much as possible. I kissed down her chin to her throat and again she leaned her head back to give me more access. I licked and kissed all over her upper chest as she cooed and moaned away. 

I noticed that Lauren had moved and was now lying on the sun pad on her tummy, looking over the edge to get a close-up view. She gave me a very coy look and motioned for me to keep going. I didn't need to be told twice as I lowered my kisses to Jenns gorgeously tanned tummy and waist. Her body squirmed with approval as she was now looking down to see what I was doing. I made sure to drag my tongue very slowly all around her deep naval which seemed to send shivers through her body. While doing so, I used my hand to caress her upper thighs, running my fingers right up to her tight fitting bikini bottoms. 

I allowed my fingers to graze her vulva which was now slightly bulging. Her thighs twitched in response so I did it again just to see the reaction on her face. She winced in response to the second touch and slightly parted her legs which was all the approval I needed. I used the full palm of my hand and pushed down on her pussy mound. I let my fingers slide down deep into her crotch and rubbed hard enough to get response, but went no further. I left my hand their and kissed her again. I began to remove my hand and she clamped her legs closed, trapping it against her now warm and moist pussy. 

I could feel her attempt to grind her cunt onto my hand without success when she finally said "keep rubbing my pussy". 

I looked into her eyes as she spread her legs for me. I again pressed may palm onto her pussy mound with a slight grinding motion and allowed my fingers to brush against her vulva. She loved it as she said "Oh yesssss, that feels soooooo gooooddd Mr P."

Lauren had reached down and began slowly touch Jenns boobs. She ran her fingers ever so lightly all around the edges of the fabric, where the boobs are spilling out. It must have been a sensitive spot as Jenn jumped at the touch and let out a bashful giggle. But she allowed Lauren to keep going. Eventually, Little Lauren began to really play with Jenns full boobs, which looked huge compared to Laurens small hands. 

Lauren had even slid the bikini top aside to make better access to jenns boobs. I wasted no time in untying the sides of the bikini bottoms but leaving the center material in place, just for kicks. I slid my fingers all around the edges of the material but without moving it. I continued to tease Jenn while she looked on in anticipation. I again kiss her smooth tummy while I lowered her bikini bottoms to expose her moist pussy. She had a very narrow patch of dark black pubic hair that was trimmed in a Brazilian style manner and stopped about and inch above her clit hood. Her clit was hugely swollen and her naturally smooth vulva was engorged with sexual excitement. 

I assisted her upright and then spun her around and leaned her into the corner seat in a reclined position. I pulled her hips out so her ass was at the edge of the bench. I leaned in of top of her and gave her another very deep tongue probing kiss. She 'mmmmmm'd with pleasure as her hands roamed all over my back. I pressed my hard cock into her pussy mound and I could feel it shudder. She began to pull the back waistband of my shorts off. We broke the kiss and I leaned back which gave her the chance to finish removing my shorts and exposing the best boner I have had in years. 

She lightly touched my cock and watched it twitch in response. Her fingernails drove me crazy as she dragged them up and down and all over my balls. Somehow, I managed NOT to cum all over her right then. Lauren sat up on the sun pad behind Jenn and let her leg hang over on either side of Jenns body. When Jenn would lean her head back, it was right up against Little Laurens pussy. Lauren had access to kiss Jenn from above and let her hands roam all over jenns full boobs. 

Jenn took one hand and began to slowly stoke my cock but with not really squeezing it at all, just barely closing her hand around it. The felt great as I became dizzy with anticipation. She used the other hand to cup and tease my ball sack. I could not take much of this so I stood up and put one foot on the bench and leaned in. I put my stiff dick right in front of her face to see what she would do. She stuck out her tongue and licked it like and ice cream cone from the bottom of my balls to the slit in my cock head. One, loooooooong, slooooooooow, lick. Then she looked up at me and licked her lips in a very slutty fashion. 

She sucked my knob with very soft little sucking noises and then took my cock deep into her mouth in one smooth motion. She licked all the way down the side of my swollen shaft and then back up the other. She bent down lower and sucked each of my balls into her mouth while she made a humming noise. Again, somehow I managed not to blow my wad right there. As she licked the underside of my balls, she looked at me with her beautiful dark eyes and gave me a wink. She then closed them and had a very satisfied look on her face as she continued to lick and suck all up and down my shaft. Lauren had bent way over to the side to get a close up look and also had a look of lust on her face. 

I put my hand to Little Laurens chin and sat her upright again. I bent down , took her head into both hands to kiss her and she shot her little tongue aggressively into my mouth. Jenn stopped sucking, and proceeded to pump my cock with both hands. She looked up to see us kissing and said ...

"So Mr P, how we doin so far?"

"Seems like you are havin fun which is what it's all about." I replied. 

I decided it was time for some pussy licking. I broke my kiss with Little Lauren, and dropped back to my knees and between Jenns wide spread legs. Her bikini bottom had gotten caught up in between her legs when I shoved her in the corner, so I just pulled them out from under her ass now. Her pussy was already dripping some juice right onto the seat. 

"Sorry bout that Mr P, guess my little kitty is happy to see you." she said in a little girl voice. 

"Well I am happy to see your little kitty too. Maybe THIS will make your little kitty purr." I said as I bent down and gave her juicy slit a full length lick. Her pussy twitched and the rest of her body jerked in unison. Her juices were very sweet and I made a little slurping noise while sucking it up. I licked all over her smooth sexy vulva as she watched and cooed. Her thick clit was swollen and ready to be taken care of also. I dived at it with my tongue and used a lot of pressure in small circles. It was big enough to be sucked and I did so like it was a 'clit blow job". I pinched it between my lips and that got her going. 

"Oh yeah Mr P, suck my clit, that feels great."

I was low enough below her pussy that we made eye contact and I could she was starting to go into the ozone. He breathing became faster and her chest was fuller from trying to hold her breath. Little Lauren had her by the chin and pulling her to face upward. They became locked in a very sexy kiss with plenty of tongue. 

"I'm cumming Mr P, keep sucking my clit."

I jammed two fingers up her sloppy wet cunt as pushed her pelvis down to me my thrust. She came within seconds and her body spasmed and twitched. 

"Ohhhhhhhh Fuuuuuuuck." she cried out. 

I aggressively licked her inner lips and vulva until she could not take any more and pulled my head away. 

"Fuck me now Mr P, do me doggy style."

We got up from the bench and Little Lauren slid down into the corner and pushed her own little ass out to the edge. Jenn got on her knees on the floor and lay on top of Lauren so their boobs were smashed together. I grabbed one of Jenns curvy hips with one hand and my cock with the other and aimed my tool right at her pussy slit. I slid in with no resistance at all and was balls deep on the first thrust. I heard a muffled noise and looked to see them in another passionate kiss. Gotta love 2 girls who will kiss during the heat of the moment. 

Jenns generous hips gave way to a surprising small waist. Her back was gorgeous especially with the string tan lines and small tattoo. I long dicked her a few times which is just giving to her the full length incredibly slow in and out. 

"Fuck me hard Mr P, I need your cock in me deep and hard."

I made a few quick thrusts and decided to do something a little different. I pulled my cock out of her which mad her gasp and turn to see why. While still kneeling down, I put my knees outside of hers and squeezed her legs together from her thighs to her ankles. From that position it squeezed her gorgeously smooth vulva out the back of her dark tanned thighs. It produced a perfect little bun like area to put my hot dog. I pushed my cock in there just like that and started to slide it up and down. Her ass and hips wiggled trying to find the same rhythm. 

She stopped and realized it was better for me to control the motion. I did this for a few moments and then proceeded to slide my dick back into her wet pussy. I grabbed both hips and thrust hard and deep. I leaned over her and she turned her head so we could kiss. Lauren added her tongue to the mix for very hot 3 way kiss, with all our tongues exploring each others. I groped her boobs which were now dangling from her chest. I caressed her nipples and gently massaged her naturally round globes. 
