 I never really thought I would get chance with Lauren. I figured things just weren't meant to be. Boating season was over and we did not see much of the girls for a while. I had been dreaming about fuckin her nubile little body ever since the boating day. I jerked off pretty regular with the images of her hot little body poured into that bikini, burned into my head. Sometimes it's funny how things work out, just when you least expect it. Boy was I in for a shock. 

This weekend was Halloween and Katie and the boys were going out of town to see some of her family. My shift works on Sunday so I would have to stay home. Other than give candy out to the trick or treaters on Friday, I had planned to do absolutely nothing. I had a pretty steady stream of kids show up until about 9 and then that was it. I got settled in with some drinks and a snack and the doorbell rang. I looked at the clock, which showed 11 and thought it was little too late for any more trick or treaters. I opened the door and turned on the porch light to find a pair of 22 year old girls in the hottest costumes I have ever seen, Jenn and Lauren. 

"Trick or Treat." they both said with a giggle and a little pose.

"Well now, you guys look like you are dressed for a party, but I though you knew the boys were gone for the weekend." I said

"No Mr. P, we are here to give YOU a trick or treat party." Lauren said in a shy little girl voice. 

"Well come right in and let me see your costumes then." 

The girls followed me into the kitchen which is very well lit and I tuned around to check them out. My cock stirred immediately in response to the outfits they had on, and how well they fit the role. I made each of them do a little pirouette so I could check out the whole package. 

Little Lauren was dressed as a school girl with a very short plaid skirt that rode very low on her hips and had a matching sleeveless button down vest, over a white blouse. Here hair was in 2 pony tails which were on the sides of her head and she wore the short ankle socks with the frills and school girls' shoes. Her top was cropped and came down just below her little boobs and showed her cute little tummy with her pierced belly button. She stood there in her best little school girl pose, which she did very well. 

Jenn was a mouse, and I don't mean no Minnie Mouse. She looked more like Cat Woman from the original Batman TV show. She poured her sexy curves into a black, one piece, long sleeve, spandex body suit. It showed a ton of cleavage and the middle of the torso area had a diamond shape cut out which showed her gorgeous tummy and pierced naval also. All down both sleeves also had a series of diamond shape cut outs which showed her arm skin, and the cut outs continued all down the sides of the outfit from her armpits to her ankles. She also had a silver chain link type belt which she wore extra loose so it draped over her shapely hips, and a pair of black suede boots that all the high school hotties wear in the winter with their tight jeans. Her outfit was topped off with a tiny pair of mouse ears, a tail and some whiskers which were drawn onto her upper lip and cheeks. Jenn's body is my absolute favorite build on a woman and I almost lost my load right there. 

The best part about Jenn's outfit was the fact that it was SO tight, it looked painted on. It was obvious that she did not have on panties or a bra. 

However, this night was gonna belong to Little Lauren, as she did not get the chance to play on the boat. In the middle of our kitchen is a huge island, which is the same height as a kitchen table, which is how we use it. I was leaning back onto the table and Little Lauren kicked the one step step-stool over to my feet. She jumped onto the step stool, rubbed my cock ever so slightly and said 

"No tricks, Mr. P, just a treat." 

Then she pulled my head down to her level and we began to kiss. Our tongues darted all over each others mouths exploring areas neither of us had felt before. My fingers explored her tight tummy, waist and hips. Her body began to writhe with the soft touch of my fingertips. 

I spun around, grabbed her by the waist and hoisted her up onto the table. "Stay right here, don't go anywhere." I commanded

"Yes sir chief" she replied with a salute and a giggle. 

I ran to the hall closet and got out a big thick blanket. I returned to the kitchen and spread it out on the table. I lifted her up and placed her on the blanket with her ass right at the edge. I leaned her back so she was resting on her elbows and let her legs hang over the edge. I was planning to work her over and I wanted her to see it all. I kissed her briefly on the lips and then made beeline for her tummy with my mouth. I licked and kissed and nibbled all over her smooth tummy and waist. My hands were under skirt but on the outside of her thighs and hips. Her body gyrated in a slow constant motion as she was liking the beginnings of what was coming. 

I half lay on top of her and kissed her sweet lips again. I began to unbutton her short vest while I nuzzled her ears and neck. She occasionally let out very quiet moans of pleasure. I made eye contact with Jenn who had pulled up a chair to watch the show. She was leaning forward with her elbows on the table and her chin resting in her hands. She looked back at me with a mixed look of lust and excitement. I continued by unbuttoning Little Lauren's blouse, exposing her sweet braless and milky white titties. Her dark tan really contrasts the white tits and just pushed me even more to the edge. I am a tan line lover. 

I began to suck her nipples, switching from side to side with a slobbery drag of the tongue. She didn't even blink as it looked like she didn't want to miss a thing. I continued to lick, kiss and suck all over her titties, tummy, hips and waist

"I sure am glad I am getting my turn, it was torture watching you in the boat." 

Jenn licked her lips in a very seductive way and replied, "Its fun watching you HAVE your turn."

I pulled up a chair and planted by butt for the next chapter. She had closed her legs together and sat there in a shy little girl pose. Her little body really fit the 'school girl' motif very well and she also had all the right moves to go with it.

I began kissing just above her knees and used my hands to roam her lower body. Used a very light fingertip touch which seemed to driver her crazy. I made sure to lick and kiss every inch of her legs from her knees to the bottom of her skirt. When I finally had enough, I just lifted her skirt and spread her legs to reveal the smoothest pretty little cunt with no panties. She had the tiniest little clit and her inner lips stuck out from between her vulva just enough to be able to flick them with my tongue. There was a drop of glistening pussy fluid at the bottom of her slit just waiting to be licked. I lifted her knees up and planted her feet on the edge of the table. I took a loooonngg, slooooooowwww lick from bottom to top of her gorgeous cunt and her body shuttered with excitement. Jenn looked on intensely, licked her lips and made an 'mmmmm' sound. 

I dove right in and began to tongue her inner lips flicking them back and forth as her as squirmed all around. She had a very satisfying look in her eyes and I could see that she wanted me to give it my all. I sucked and licked her inner folds and then flicked my tongue across her now hardening clit. 

I turned to make eye contact with Jenn again, and she seemed to really like that idea. She had such a mesmerized look on her face almost as if she was drugged. She smiled in a slutty kinda way and said

"It makes me so hot the way you lick her cunt Mr. P. She has wanted you to suck her little pussy after she watched you suck mine." 

I pouted my lips as big as I could and covered her little clit and and used her pussy juices to slide it all around and kinda hummed while doing it. She moaned and writhed with pleasure. It looked like her foot was sliding off the table, so Jenn was more than glad to help keep those cute legs spread wide for me. Jenn had actually scooted her chair closer to me so she could get a good view from in between Little Laurens legs. 

"Eat my pussy Mr. P, make me cum hard. Lick it Mr. P, lick my clit, I want it bad."

"Do it Mr. P, lick it and make her cum." Jenn follow up with. 

"Ohhhhhhhhh fuuuuuuuccccckkkkkk I'm cummmmmming!!!!" she belted out. 

I licked and sucked Laurens cunt until she spasmed in a shuddering orgasm. Her toes curled under and she grabbed handfuls of the blanket. Jenn had put her hand on the back of my head and pushed my face deep into Little Lauren's pussy slit as she came. I could feel her juice on my face and licked it up as fast as I could. She tasted great and I really savored the moment

"You did good old man, keep licking her and make sure she get's her money's worth." Jenn joked. 

Her already wet cunt seemed to juice up even more and my face as buried as deep as I could get it to make sure she got her money's worth. When her body relaxed, Jenn grabbed me by the back of the head to remove my face from Little Laurens spent cut. Jenn proceeded to plant a big kiss on me and made sure she could taste Laurens pussy juice which coated my tongue. She could have just sucked Little Laurens pussy herself, but she seemed to get a great deal of enjoyment from kissing me. No protest from me now. 

Finally, Lauren had enough and shimmied away from the end of the table. She collapsed in a heap and took a few minutes to catch her breath. I just sat back in the chair and reflected in the moment of what just happened. Sure enough, I did get my chance with Lauren, and as far as I'm concerned, that was just the beginning.

Jenn had gotten up and rounded up some bottles of water. We all just kind of hung out there recuperating. Nobody really said anything for a few minutes; we all were kind of in our own zone. I think that Lauren sensed that I was thinking about the next step. 

"You up for it Mr. P? You think you can get going again enough to fuck me now?"

"Well, I guess we'll find out now, won't we?" 

Jenn seemed to like that idea as her face lit up with a smile. 

"All right now, this is what I've been waiting to see."

"You seem more excited with this than I do." I replied. 

"Well, it's not every day that you get to watch your own custom porn show, Mr. P, this is better than any movie that's out there." Jenn said. 

"I guess you have a point."

"Ok, well get your ass moving old man, you're wasting time." Jenn said with a laugh. 

She pulled her chair in even closer to the table as she watched in great anticipation. I grabbed Lauren's legs as pulled her to the edge of the table again. Her pussy was still wet with juice as I lay over her and began to kiss her again. She really seemed to like the kissing as was really into it and she was good at it too. 

"My turn." I said as I made my way to the side of the table near Laren's head. The table was just the right height for her to lay there and I could just dip my dick into her mouth. She gobbled it up like she was in a blow job contest or something. This was not the best blow job angle, but I was above her, looking down at her gorgeous little body, rubbing her little A-cup tits and belly while she sucked with gusto. 

I did not want to cum in her mouth so I only let her go for only a few minutes. I stopped her and made my way back toward her feet end of the table. I pulled her ass to the edge again and spread her creamy legs. I put one leg up on my shoulder and Jenn pulled the other leg out to the side. 

"Looks like my old cheerleading skills are gonna come in handy, Mr. P." she said proudly.

"She can do the splits all the way to the floor, Mr. P, so don't be afraid to put her legs where you need them."

Suddenly Jenn decided it was time to participate even more. She got up and moved behind me. She grabbed my hips and ground her pussy mound into me from behind. I stood upright for a moment and leaned my head back over my shoulder. She grabbed my face and kissed me hard. She proceeded to untuck and remove my shirt. She use her manicured nails and dragged them all over my chest, stomach and sides as we kissed. Her body seemed to come alive with excitement she used her nails to send shivers through my whole body. 

I looked down again, to see Little Lauren's juicy cunt was ready for a fuckin and I was just the guy to do it. I admired her cut little body as she lay there, just in her short skirt and socks. Her little pigtails were so cute and her choker necklace really began to set me off again. 

Jenn unbuckled my pants from behind and dropped them to the ground. I kick my shoes and pants aside in preparation for the upcoming fun. My cock showed its worth by standing straight out, hard as a rock. Jenn massaged my hardness for a moment and then removed my boxers. She was still behind me and took my cock in her hand and stroked very slowly, the full length. 

I stood back upright for a moment and we engaged in another kiss. She pressed her ample boobs against my back as she thrust her tongue in my mouth. I was in pure bliss with all this going on and felt my head go light for a moment. I regained my composure and refocused on the task at hand; to fuck the living shit out of Little Lauren. 

Jenn moved back to her chair. I looked at both girls and could see the excitement in their faces. I can't believe this was really going to happen, but her it goes. 

I used my cock as a toy and started to rub it all around the outer edges of her pussy. I could see that she would squirm so as to line them up for entry, but I made her crazy with anticipation. I used my cock head massage her clit and she 'cooed' and 'mmmm'ed in response. I didn't really need to warm her up as she already was juiced from earlier. I was just having fun prolonging the moment.

I rubbed it all around and used her pussy juice to lube it up. I pushed my cock head onto her clit with extra pressure and her pelvis flinched from the touch. I rubbed her clit with my engorged knob until she was squirming again. She even reached down with one and pushed my knob even harder onto her clit. Jenn even added a hand to do the same. Jenn actually used my knob to rub Little Lauren's clit into oblivion. Lauren was getting off on the rubbing and began to breath heavier again.

Jenn finally had enough of watch Little Lauren squirm around.

"Damn Mr. P, would you fuck her already?"

I moved both of their hands away and grabbed my cock. I looked Jenn in the eye, gave her a little smirk and drove my hard cock into Little Lauren in one huge, hard thrust. Lauren's threw her head back in pleasure as her hips thrust forward to me my entrance. He body reacted as she inhaled deeply and held her breath. Jenn's eyes were wide with excitement a she watched the look on Lauren's face. 

"Oh godddddddd." Lauren sighed. 

I pulled out until just the head was still in there and then jammed it in again all the way to the root.

"Fuuuuuccccckkkkk." she groaned as my cock reached her inner depths. 

"Fuck her hard and fast Mr. P; fuck her like you fucked me on the boat. She has been waiting for it haven't you Lauren?"

"Yes, pleeeeaaaasssseee fuck me Mr. P. Fuck me hard and fast, NOW."

"Go ahead, Mr. P, fuck her now." 

That was good enough for me and I did not need to be told twice. I picked up the pace and grabbed onto her hip with one hand and laid my other hand flat on her tummy. Jenn continued to keep her leg spread out almost 90 degrees from her body out to the side. I pile drived my hard dick into her tight young pussy with all the energy I could. I would throw in a short stroke here and there and follow it up with a deep hard pound. One of her hands found her clit and she rubbed that clit nub furiously. I could see her breathing heavily now as she was close to another orgasm. 

Jenn pulled one of Lauren's legs all the way out to the side and I pushed the other out to the opposite. 

I just smiled and began a long slow series of in and out thrusts. Jenn's hand went to Lauren's clit and began to rub lightly. Lauren just moaned and groaned with each new thing we did. Just the shear sight of my cock sliding in the cunt of a 22 year old was too much. I have no idea how I did not cum right then. But damn this was awesome and I wanted to make the most of it. Jenn's hand made it around my cock. She followed the rhythm of my thrusts and gripped it tightly. 

I noticed Jenn getting into it a little more also. She had one hand holding Laurens leg spread for me and she had her other hand rubbing her own pussy right through the crotch of her outfit. 

"I'm cumming Mr. P; fuck me hard, I'm cumming." Little Lauren screamed

"This is so cool Mr. P, seeing you fuck her little kitty." Jenn said in a shy little girl voice. 

"I'm liking it too ladies."

Within seconds, Laurens body spasmed to a huge orgasm. Her legs quivered, her tummy twitched and her hand could not keep the rhythm on her clit. I could feel her cunt walls contract and squeeze my cock like it was trying suck it in deeper. That was all I need to get me started. I shot the first load of cum deep into her sopping snatch. I pulled out and unloaded a few more squirts of man jizz all over her tight tummy and milky white little tits. She looked down the whole time with a very excited look on her face. 

"That's it Mr. P, cum on her tummy, I'm gonna lick it off." Jenn said as she continued to rub her own cunt. She grabbed my tool and milked every last drop of cum out of it. She even bent down and sucked my cock to make sure she got it all. Damn that was a good finish. My cock didn't even show sign of softening, it just stayed in a painful erection. 

I stood there reveling in the moment looking at Little Lauren who was checking out all the cum I just sprayed on her. Jenn stopped rubbing herself and stood up. She glanced at me and then bent down. She proceeded to suck and slurp all the cum from Laurens tight little body. Lauren squirmed as she obviously loved this, and her body was especially sensitive after just being sucked and fuck by me. Jenn even got some cum on her tongue and then kissed Lauren who liked it and actually sucked Jenn's tongue into her mouth like giving a blow job. These girls were really eating up this '110% stuff', so I guess I did something right. 

I collapsed onto the chair and tried to catch my breath. 

Jenn stood and sauntered over to the fridge and got some water out for us all. We drank for a moment and I could see that she was now sporting the most perfect pouty camel toe I have ever seen. The material covering her crotch was stretched tight and conformed perfectly to her pouty vulva area. 

"Jenn, I think I need to do something about that." I said while pointing at her pussy.

She looked down and asked," Well what do you have in mind old man?"

"I think Lauren and I better make it feel good, what do you think about that?"

She looked at me with one of those MySpace teenie bopper faces and said....

"Get your skinny ass of the table little girl, it's my turn." She commanded to Little Lauren. 

"Let's take this to the bedroom; it'll be way more comfortable."

The 3 of us bolted for the stairs with Jenn in the lead. Just watching her round ass was getting me charged up again. Her shapely hips and waist swayed back and forth as she climbed the steps. I even gave her a little spank just for kicks. 

Lauren was keep up with us and all she had on was the skirt and socks, but she didn't seem to care. 

Jenn lunged for the bed and rolled over onto her back. She just lay there with a true 'fuck me now' face. Lauren and I climbed on either side of her and our hands began to roam her gorgeously curvy body. Lauren seemed to spend extra time on Jenn's big boobs. She stared in amazement as she played with them. I kissed Jenn as my hands roamed her tummy and hips. 
