 A few days later, like Jenn had asked, I took the afternoon off work and met her on the street outside of our apartment building. She walked us a few blocks away, along an unusual route. Jenn stopped in front of a large house. "Here."

"Here what?"

"The house. The solution to all our problems. I bought this house!"

"That's great! But I don't follow."

"I'm going into business. And you are coming to work for me."

The house just looked like any old house. "I still don't follow."

"This house," Jenn swooped her arm dramatically, "is large, there are plenty of rooms... bedrooms, an office, and of course the sex rooms. It's going to be a sex house. We'll do private shows, host parties, shoot porno.... I will make a shitload of money just running the place, and extra money when I fuck. I already have the sexiest, craziest sluts in the city. All I need is you, to take care of the money and business aspects, and make sure I don't edge over into getting-arrested territory. I want to do everything as legitimately as possible."

"Are you serious?" Jenn had started toward the front door, and I followed. She pulled out a key and turned it in the lock.

"Totally. I already bought the place. Some of the girls are in probably in there now, getting things ready. You can live in it too. No more rent. I will pay you as much as you're already making at your other job. And the benefits package is what's going to seal the deal, trust me."

The door swung open, and we stepped into the entryway. Some coats and shoes were already clustered in the door -- some of the girls who worked for Jenn were here already. I heard some moaning and small screams from the living room. 

Jenn smiled at the sound. "Let's see what the girls are up to, shall we?" 

Jenn had set up a bed in the living room -- I later found it this was to film bedroom sex scenes, since the real bedrooms were too small to accommodate the camera setups. Two of the girls I knew, Mel and Yuni, were on the bed, in a 69 position. Mel was on the bottom, her tight black body supporting Yuni's small asian frame, with Yuni's tongue buried in Mel's cunt. Yuni was getting fucked by a third girl I didn't know, a hot redhead with a purple strapon. Mel watched it thrust in and out of Yuni's tight cunt. 

"Just watching stuff like this is a pretty great benefit," I stammered. 

"There are better benefits. Have you met Susan yet?" Jenn pointed to the redhead. I shook my head. "Well, come on and say hi. Susan, meet my friend."

While speaking Jenn reached down to unzip my jeans. "And HIS friend." My cock was already hard and she pulled me over to Susan, who barely acknowledged us, too busy slamming her strapon into Yuni's pussy. Jenn pushed her forward, bending her over, and practically shoved my cock into Susan's cunt.

I had been taken by surprise but my body took right over. I started slamming Susan from behind, while she slammed her fake cock into Yuni. Mel kept licking Yuni and Yuni starting to shove her fingers into Mel. Meanwhile, Jenn knelt down behind me and I felt her tongue start to tickle my ass. I wasn't much for assplay (well, with my own ass) but it felt amazing -- I start slamming Susan harder and harder and she began to gasp. "Nice -- uh -- to -- meet you -- oh!"

Yuni shrieked as her orgasm took over, between the strapon and Mel's tongue it was too much for her. "My turn!" shouted Jenn, swinging around beside Yuni on the bed. She grabbed Susan and pulled her close for a kiss. I was still fucking Susan but her strapon popped out of Yuni, who was set upon by Mel -- their bodies twined together beside Jenn's on the big bed. As Susan and Jenn made out I slowed my fucking so that I could focus a little more on watching the four stunning women.

"Gimme this hot bitch," Jenn said, pulling Susan down onto the bed, so that my cock popped out of her. I couldn't stay mad -- not with Jenn moving Susan onto her back and rising up to straddle her. Jenn grabbed the strapon and sunk down on it, to slide its entire length into her cunt. She gasped while Susan purred and sucked her own tits. 

Mel and Yuni looked over at my hard cock, lonely all of a sudden, but Jenn slapped their asses to grab their attention. "No more pussy for him. Not until he agrees to take the job."

"Is this how you negotiate?"

Jenn and Yuni shared a long, wet kiss while Jenn rode Susan's strapon, before she answered. "You could say that."

"Well, maybe I don't want any more pussy. Maybe I want to fuck that ass of yours."

"Sure -- if you take the job. But I'm not giving up this strapon."

"It's a deal." I pushed Jenn forward, onto Susan, to spread her ass cheeks. While Susan arced her hips to slide the strapon back into Jenn, I pushed my cock into her tight asshole.

All the air went out of Jenn as I slammed into her. "I guess that's what you call a hard bargain," she rasped. Below her, Susan started to buck her hips upward. 

"Come on," said Susan, "We've got her right where we want her. Let's fuck the boss over."

Yuni and Mel giggled while Susan slammed into Jenn. "Yeah," said Mel, "fuck her raw. Fuck her so she can't walk tomorrow. Then we'll get the day off."

"You bitches," gasped Jenn. Mel started slamming her even harder. 

"Not a bad plan," I said, "my first day could be a day off." With this I started to really ream Jenn. I had fucked her ass a lot now, and knew she could take it. But I also knew that she wouldn't be happy now unless she really couldn't walk when she woke up tomorrow. So I began fucking her faster and harder than ever before.

While we slammed into Jenn, Mel and Yuni stood to lean against the headboard and began pulling Jenn's face into their pussies -- first one and then the other. They would shove her face right into their pussies until she could barely breathe, then pull away, letting her gasp for air, and then bury her face into the other pussy. Susan and I started fucking her harder and harder. Jenn moaned and screamed into Mel's pussy with one orgasm, then into Yuni's with another.

If she wanted to fuck, she was going to get fucked. Benefits package indeed. I was one lucky sonofabitch.