 New York

Sunday we slept until noon, just enjoying the closeness of our bodies and the time to talk about nothing. The afternoon was filled with a matinee movie and a trip to another book store but the day didn't really begin for us until we found an expensive French Bistro on 3rd Avenue at 7pm. We had arranged to meet Amelia at 9pm in the "Club Paris" nightclub just off Time Square so we had a couple of hours to relax and play at being mature grown-ups. The dinner was excellent and I surprised you by ordering a bottle of champagne which we drunk easily. As the sparkling alcohol took affect our touching feet became more adventurous and the bill saved us from the embarrassing position of having to disappear into the bathrooms at the same time.

Once inside the dance-club it took a while to adjust our eyes to the flashing lights but we eventually spied Amelia, looking drop-dead gorgeous, sitting on a bar stool. She was being chatted up by an interesting looking Asian-American dyke with short-cropped hair, black rubber pants, a white cut-off tee-shirt and studs stretching up the outside of her ear. When she spotted us she let out an excited yelp of welcome and rushed over to where we stood. Amelia wore a Mexican style skirt which was pleated at the bottom but was much too short to be anything worn at a traditional gathering. Her cut-off top revealed at least half of her beautiful cleavage and she demonstrated the classic Puerto Rican stardust make-up on her breasts. In her sexy Spanish American accent she told us that she'd already had three guys buy her margaritas before the Asian woman had come on to her. However, she didn't seemed perturbed about the lesbian's interest in her, quite the opposite, she said she was the hottest of all four people who tried to get her on to the dance floor. 

As I brought our drinks over to a corner booth at the side of the dance floor I drank in the sight of the two of you giggling together. You, my biggest love, looking stunning in your black bra and see-through top, black leather skirt and high boots. She, looking just as beautiful as the first time we had seen her. Soft coffee coloured skin, dark curly hair draping down over her shoulders, lush lips amidst an exquisitely made up face, a curvy waist supporting large but firm breasts, and heavy rings on half a dozen of her fingers betraying her proud Puerto Rican ancestry. One aspect of your body you had already warmed to, but I was yet to notice, was her appendix scar which matched yours in colour, position and length. The fact that she was confident enough to display her bare mid-drift, and the scar, made her seem all the more appealing. Perhaps, the bronze belly-button ring was the thing that had first caught the eye of the dyke.

As we drank, laughed and flirted the hours seemed to disappear. Every now and then one of us would hear a song we wanted to dance to and would pull one, or both the other two, on to the dance floor. Surrounded by sweating sensual bodies I wasn't jealous in the least when Amelia seemed to gyrate her hips into you in just a sexy manner as she did it to me. Mind you when, in one slow pulsating song she turned her back to you and you danced closely. Your hands running lightly over her bare tummy and across her breasts, while all the time she was grinding her pear-shaped ass back into your public bone, I knew that you were thinking of the strap-on that you had secretly begun to fantasize about since I first brought it up. As more and more margaritas were consumed and the flirting became more drunken we sort of ending sitting on top of each other in the booth as we watched the sexy dancers. With you on one side and I on the other Amelia ended up resting her legs on each of our legs, which raised her slightly and left a clear path into her moist panties. As our inhibitions began to fade away she started to lovingly kiss me and you rested your lips on her neck and placed your hand under her skirt. As you reached your goal Amelia let her hand press down on the bulge in my trousers and she kissed me deeper. No one was paying any attention to us as your fingers began to work in and out of her pussy and your soft lips enclosed her ear-lobes. The making-out continued in an incredibly pleasant and loving way until the drink finally got the better of me and I had to excuse myself to go to the bathroom.

On my return I was greeted with you two wrapped up in a little ball in the corner of the booth with Amelia sitting astride you her panty-less pussy rubbing into your bare cunt and your tongues lapping around each others mouths. I shuffled in to sit beside you and join in the kissing. After a little more of the drunken fondling another body appeared beside us. It turned to be the Asian-American woman who had been chatting up Amelia when we arrived. Up close she looked pretty sexy, and when she whispered to you two, "is this an excuse me?" You happily said yes and allowed Amelia to switch her position from sitting astride you, to astride the dyke. She continued the rubbing and kissing with the new woman where she had left off with you. Moving in close to the two woman I beckoned you to come and sit on top of me and were reproduced their actions although this time your pussy lips were sliding up and down along the shaft of my hard cock. Another half an hour passed like this with increasing moans of "mmmm.." and "yes..yes...yes," floating around us. Then you said to me. "You know, what I really feel like doing right now?"

"What?"

"Lets go to one of those XXX adult movie places on Time square. I'd like to watch some action in a private booth."

"Sure," I replied. "Do you wanna ask Amelia and her date?"

"Okay." You leant over and put the proposition to the two of them, but they politely declined saying that they were so fucking horny right now that detaching their pussies would need a crane!

Fortunately the walk to the "Times Square XXX Adult Emporium" was only two minutes and after buying a multi-purpose ticket at the door we were shown to a doorway masked by sweeping black drapes. As we entered through the curtains the darkness enveloped us and the sounds of sex oozed out of locked booths on the right hand side. Through an open door we spied a flickering blue TV screen welded on supports sticking out from the wall, and a black leather bench built into the small cubicle, along with a box of Kleenex and the smell of air freshener. At one end of the bench were 'up' and 'down' control buttons for changing the movie channel and the volume control. A dollar bill machine was the only other item in the closet intimately designed for watching and stroking. Opposite the booths a large red neon sign screamed "peep show" above a semi-circle of six curtains. We decided to try out the show first and started to open the curtains of the first cubicle until we noticed that a tall black man and shorter Asian woman were already inside the booth, their eyes fixed on the small rectangular space which opened up into the peep-show stage. Their hands productively exploring inside each others pants. We murmured a quick apology and slipped into the next booth which was empty.

Once our eyes became accustomed to the light we were greeted with the same sight that the black-Asian couple had been enjoying. A lone, tall, long-legged white woman with bleached hair was rubbing the contents of a large oil bottle into her belly and legs. She wore a tiger-skin skimpy bra, matching thong and black stiletto heels. As she poured the bottle over herself she would seductively arch her back and allow the rivlets of balm to soak the cotton material of her bra and run down to her thong, only interrupted in their flow by a little jump as they negotiated her deep belly button. As she massaged herself she rhythmically moved in time to the beat of the soul music pumping out of large black speakers in the roof and she simulated rubbing her pussy lips on the outside of the thong material which was now heavy with the clear oil. I held your hand and as we watched the performance, both of us increasing in redness as we imagined the nakedness of the woman and what she might do to herself. Then we noticed a ten dollar bill being pushed out on to the stage through a black slit in the far corner. Another customer was paying for a little extra. The dancer moved over to the viewing hole where the money had popped through, which was unfortunate because she was now side on to us, and pulled her bra down to reveal a paid of large, firm breasts which were stunning but clearly the product of plastic surgery. She tipped more oil into her hands and began to roughly squeeze and rub her tits and nipples as she leant in a few inches away from the customer's viewing point. There was a soft squelching sound as the liquid was forced between her fingers and the taught skin of her enhanced breasts.

Then another bill fluttered to the ground from the booth to the right of us, which immediately gave us a thrill as we would have clear view of her performance for the new customer (or customers?). She noticed the new payment and sidled over to a spot just a couple of feet away from our window. Bending over she squeezed her tits together and picked up the bill, which we now saw to be a $20, in her cleavage. She placed the money in the back of her thong and, her hips thrust forward, she slowly eased aside the sopping panty material and revealed the most proud, blushing set of pussy lips that we had ever seen. Her hands went down to either side and pulled apart the labia to reveal an impressive inch-long clit which stood out like a tiny dick. Then she began to rotate her hips and we were transfixed by her powerful physical uniqueness and sexual energy. 

Just then the door at the back of the stage opened and a second woman, again tall and blonde, strode in wearing what can only be described as a cross between a circus ring-master and show-girl outfit. She had a military style bright-red waistcoat with large shiny bronze buttons, atop a sparkly black bra and thong set up. The pseudo 'lion-tamer' motif was completed by the knee high black leather boots over fishnet stockings and the black top hat she wore. It was a few moments before we noticed the long black leather whip that she carried behind her back.

This was the corniest 'lion-tamer' lesbian fantasy ever but in the context and environment it sent sex shivers shooting through our primed minds. Clearly this was a well rehearsed act. The 'tiger-skin' girl (now minus bra) cowered in the back corner of the poorly lit show room and the new woman cracked the whip as she advanced on the girl holding a small wooden chair in front of her. Tiger-girl began to growl and the pretend tamer cracked the whip even closer. Two more $20 dollar bills were pushed on to the stage from anonymous voyeurs and the first woman pounced up from her sitting position to tackle the woman wearing the top-hat around the throat. It was a simulated attack which the second performer easily shrugged off and the woman acting out of the part of the tiger was strewn across the wooden chair with her thong-covered ass sitting pretty and exposed. Then the whip came down, not with great force, but enough to make the tiger-woman flinch. The tamer stood legs apart, her high boots tightly molding into her thighs as she splashed a large amount of oil onto the still prone tiger and flicked her wrist to bring down the lash on her partner's well-shaped backside for a second time.

Then the woman bent over the chair made a quick leap onto the other and knocked her down to the floor. The top-hat went flying and cascades of curly auburn hair fell onto the rubber matting as we got a good view of the new woman's attractive, middle-aged, face. The ease by which the tiger-girl was able to rip off the tamer's bra with her teeth must have been due to the bra having been pre-cut for the purpose but it made the whole scene no less erotic. Next went the black panties which were similarly ripped off with her mouth, until the second woman wore nothing but her high black leather boots. You pulled out your purse and hurriedly shoved through two $20 dollar bills through our slit which caused the now dominant tiger woman to drag her prey over to the spot directly in front of our window. 

In what must have also been a well rehearsed act the woman on top, her thong clad ass presented directly in front of us, went in to roughly french-kiss the defeated woman. We saw their tongues entwine and their lipstick smear as the tiger-girl gripped tightly on to the tamer's long curly hair. Then a $100 dollar bill was pushed through by the couple we had seen earlier and the women shifted positions to begin 69ing with great physical exertion. As their tongues delved in and out of each other's cunts they began to slap each other's asses with rhythmic yet controlled harshness. You dipped into your purse for a second time but found no money left so, without asking!, you lifted my wallet from my trouser pocket and took out another $100 bill to offer up to the actors on stage. As it flittered down onto the tiger-girl's back the submissive lion-tamer winked a wicked smile at our window and pushed the tiger-girl back on her haunches in front of our window. As she rolled onto her back her legs were caught by the second woman, leaving her dripping pussy openly exposed to her gaze. Then the thick leather whip handle was picked up and slowly inserted into the girl's cunt. With imaginable scenes going on in the darkened anonymous booths the lion-tamer proceeded to well-and-truly fuck the tiger-girl with the whip handle. We remained hand in hand but our mouths were agape and our juices freely flowed. After about three minutes the fuckee woman bucked in either faked or real orgasm and the now dominant second woman collapsed on top of her lover in a heap of sweat and exhaustion. After regaining their composure they both stood and, hand in hand, dipped to take a bow as a faint ring of applause filtered through the secluded booths.

We were impressed but not satiated so left the peep-show to explore the rest of the adult emporium delights. At the end of the corridor of video booths were three fluorescent signs for the large, and two smaller adult cinemas. Being pretty brazen by this point we both headed for the main theatre and as we approached the opened the door we were pleasantly surprised at the sight of a long circumcised pink cock, a foot high on the huge screen plowing in and out of a beautiful teenage Jamaican's chocolate hued pussy. The action didn't just involve her as at her other end she was devouring a second much smaller white guy's cock with greedy slurps which seemed to fill the auditorium with sounds of nasty sex. Laying next to her on the bed were two other bodies – a Caribbean man and a red-haired woman who were going at it in the missionary position like hammer and tongs. Every now and then the sweet Jamaican girl would be turned over to be fucked from behind but throughout the whole maneuver she would stay fastened on to her second lover's cock.

We surveyed the seating and could see that the 40 strong audience was about 90% male with just as scattering of random women sitting next to partners. The vast majority of the crowd were sitting alone and we made our way to the center row three down from the back where there was another couple in the middle, four seats along from us, and a single 20 something guy at the other end. You took the seat closer to the other couple and I sat next to you as we settled back to watch the movie. The film was much more professional than some of the others that we had seen but it retained a taint of amateur hardness, in that the actors seemed to be fully involved in the orgy oblivious to the cameras trained on them. Most of the time the fresh black girl had her eyes closed as her pussy was pounded and she chewed on the little cock in her face. As the large black guy on top of the busty redhead exploded he pulled out from her cunt and the camera lens followed wads of cum as they cascaded over her breasts and belly. It must have been relatively early in the picture because the spent guy then jumped off the bed to be replaced by another dark guy with a shaven head. He then proceeded to plow the prone woman in the same manner as his friend had a few minutes early. 

We had both reached a high plateau of redness and I was relieved as your long manicured fingers began to distractedly trace the bulge of my prick in my pants. I returned the favour by gently nibbling at your neck and touching your breasts on the outside of your clothes. As the Jamaican teenager was turned on to her back on the screen and the two guys fucking her switched positions you glanced across to the couple in our aisle. It was dark and her face was only illuminated by the action on screen but with a frightening jolt you recognized her! It was Daria, the Australian intern, from work. You had no idea she was even in New York – let alone that she would be frequenting a place like this! You immediately became nervous of getting found out but then you realised that she to was with someone she wasn't supposed to be with. And your closeness was such that you felt confident that she wouldn't betray our secret. 

Your next thought was that she was dressed to kill. Her legs encased in green tights were resting on the chair in front leaving her little rubber red mini-skirt to reveal much about her white cotton panties. She wore no bra but a tight white cotton button-up tee-shirt displayed her pert little tits to perfection. Pushing her outfit over the sexual top were the brown cowboy boots she was wearing which made her look stylish and slutty at the same time. Her pale freckled face was perfectly made up and her long curly red hair draped over the back of her seat almost into the lap of the guy sitting in the row behind her. As you explored her with your eyes her eyes remained transfixed on the multiple fucking on the screen and she shifted in her seat to reveal the sight of her finely boned little fingers working up and down along the shaft of the well-dressed guy sitting next to her who must have been twice her age. As she continued to work him she quite nonchalantly turned her face in your direction and, with a twinkle, said "hi...," raised her eyebrows and gave you a broad smile. She had known you'd been there all along and was completely comfortable with the surprise meeting.

This sent even more waves of horniness through your primed body. You had developed intricate and loving fantasies about this woman who idolized you, and over her time at work had cottoned on to you as something of a role model. Now you were getting to see the sexual side of her you always suspected was there. As your attention switched between the action on the screen and watching Daria service her partner you realised that my fingers had subtly foraged their way underneath your skirt and were stroking your bare skin at the top of your thighs. At this moment Daria let go of her grip on her lover's cock and shifted to a position kneeling on her chair with her panty clad backside sexily presented in our direction. Through the strands of her ginger hair you saw her painted lipstick mouth slide down over the head of his erect prick as he lay the palm of his hand on top of her crown. Now your attention was entirely focused on the real action as you left me to concentrate on the movie while I contentedly stroked the outside of your pussy. Her next act was for you. She trailed her free left hand back between her legs, the other was supporting her as she sucked the cock, and pulled down her white panties a few inches to reveal a small opening surrounded by tightly curled ginger hair which had been shaved to form a perfect oval around her sex. Then, she began to rub the swollen lips with her fingers as she continued to bob up and down on the manhood which was wedged between her other lips. 
