 Dear Diary,

I seen Carrie again today, man, she is hot! I wish I had the nerve to tell her how much I want her and her husband Carl. Until then I can dream can't I? :

Moving your hair back so I can get to your neck, that sweet silky flesh against my wet tongue. My right hand finds your tender mound. My index finger sliding slowly between your damp folds. Your muffled moans are released into Carl's mouth as he passionately flicks his tongue in and out of your mouth. I pull my sticky finger out and lick the sweet juices from it. Carl allows me to then kiss your sweet lips; we share the taste of your beautiful cunnie. Carl wraps our hair in each of his hands guiding us as we embrace in a gorgeous threesome. Ahh, I should stop but I can't, 

"Yes, Carrie," Ahh YESSSSS," I purr.

Your body is so warm and soft; my hands fondle your puffy pink nipples smashed against my own pale flesh. I feel like a virgin being deflowered by two incredible people. I want to be your toy, guide me; make me cum for you both. 

"Jenna, tell us what you want, what is your every desire?" Carrie whispers.

"Carrie, yes lick me. I want to feel Carl shoving his hard, thick cock deeply in and out of my tight pussy!" I whimper.

Carl slides as much of his monster cock into me, that will fit and stops, so we can adjust to each other. I moan loudly as I have never had a tool that big inside me. I am so full; yet want so much for you to pleasure me also. Carrie, as you lick, suck, nibble, and bite at my hardened clit. I can feel your tongue as it works wildly at my wetness; it swipes quickly up and down Carl's shaft as he pistons in and out of me. His hand is twisted in your hair urging you to continue as he watches my facial expressions, you lean up and kiss me fully, tongue probing gently in my mouths as our ragged breath mingles together. Carl pulls his hard shaft out of me, smiling, knowing what's in store for me. With Carl's cock out of me, there is such emptiness inside me. I wonder how else you two are gunna pleasure me. 

"Get up on your hands and knees, Jenna," you whisper.

I do as I am told with a smile. I position my cunt over your wanton lips and lower myself onto your waiting tongue. I drop my head down, as your exotic scent envelopes me, I spread your lips exposing your tender pink inner folds. Slipping my tongue in, I taste your total sweetness for the first time. I feel Carl as he rubs my bottom, my mind races. With thoughts of his cock slamming up my ass as I eat his wife's pussy. The very thought of it, is making me tremble. 

"Carrie, your going to make me cum," I say breathlessly.

My husband, John is on the couch watching us with a huge hard-on. Intending just to watch as you and Carl pleasure me. Seeing how hard his cock is, a pre-cum drop on the tip, I get more excited.

"John, come here, Carrie's puss is so hot and wet, taste how sweet she is with me baby!"

Carl is already licking my ass as your tongues mingle together sharing my hot juices. John and I are getting our thirsts quenched with your creamy dew. The guys still tasting our cream on their faces, look at each other and smile.

"Let's watch these beautiful women for a bit," Carl suggests.

I turn around so we are face to face, gazing deeply into each other's eyes. Neither of us realizing it could be this sensual, this erotic!

Wrapping our arms around each other in a deep sensual kiss, hands tightening around each other's asses,drawing us closer. Nipple to nipple, we start rubbing our clits together slowly, gasping into each other's mouths as our swollen clits meet. Carl runs his hands down each of our backs, watching our tongues gently massage each other. Sliding a finger into each of us, feeling us jerk uncontrollably. Pumping his finger into our wet trembling pussies faster as we rub each our clits together harder, in circles in unadulterated bliss as John slides a finger into each of our asses. Both pumping their fingers in and out of us slow and gentle at first, then faster and with more force. Tipping our heads back in pure pleasure as you beg me,

"Please Jen let me taste your sweet juices again! Let me dip my hot tongue into your tasty pussy. Oh God, Jen please baby, I want to taste your hot cum as you ride my face!"

I turn around quickly to experience that wonderful tongue of yours again. Carl comes up behind me and slides his throbbing cock into my tight sweet ass, while John came up in front of me and slides his trembling cock into your sweet honey pot.

Seeing John slamming his hard cock in and out of you while I sucked your clit and licked his member as it slides in and out. I told him to fuck your sweet cunny hard, while I ate you. 

"John, please, oh God, please fuck me hard while Jenna eats me!" you beg. 

You are starting to tremble as he slides his massive cock into you hard. I gasp as Carl slams his cock into my ass as I bite your clit at the same time. You slide two fingers into my wet cunt as I scream into your swollen clit. Slamming your fingers into me as I nibble on your clit while watching John fuck you. Feeling how good Carl's hard pulsing cock feels inside of my ass. You are swiping your tongue against Carl's shaft also as he pistons in and out of me, I hold you tight as you begin to buck your hips as my hubby and me fuck you soooo good, Carl is fucking me sooo hard as we start to cum together. You and I are screaming in pleasure as the guys moan loudly that they are cumming too. 

The only sounds are flesh against flesh, echoing through the room combined with the pure unadulterated pleasures we are all feeling. Each in our own selfish pleasures as we all keep cumming as though we will never stop. I can feel Carl shooting his hot load into my quavering ass, sending me over the edge again as John grabs your hips, fucking you harder than you have ever been fucked as we both whimper in pleasure at the sexual pleasure we are getting and giving.

Ahhhh Jesus H Christ!!!!! This is way to good to be real, shit shit shit. This is the shit that dreams are made of, not teenage dreams either, the dreams of adults who crave full penetrating earth shaking pleasure. We lay there in a big sticky mass of flesh after collapsing together.

Finally coming back to our senses, we all start to disentangle, I reach over and give your sweet beauty a kiss. Still incensed with your essence, I just can't help myself I bathe your sweet cunt with my tongue. Licking and sucking the mixture of yours and John's juices. I see John is watching me with amazement. His cock is still semi hard and sticky, leaning in he says;

" Hey my dick could use a bath too, how bout it Hun?"

I grin happily as I accept him into my mouth. my cheeks are straining and my tongue is tired, but I want to taste all of the two of you together that I can as I finish and nibble at his balls. I tell you all I am going to take a hot shower and motion to John to come with me. As we leave I look back to see you and Carl snuggling together and whispering quietly.