 Most of Jenna's days were the same. She picked out things for her wedding registry and made phone calls to confirm the plans for the wedding. She made dinner or went through the drive-through. She cleaned and packed their lunches for the next day while she wondered where her fiance was. He had been getting home later and later each night and she knew that there was something wrong, she just didn't want to admit it. She knew the days of her relationship were numbered. She just had no clue how close she really was to the end until the night he came home drunk and smelling of another woman.

"Why do you smell like perfume, Nick? Huh? Answer me," she had screamed at him. She remembered the way he had rolled his eyes like her question wasn't even fair to ask.

"Why does it even matter? It's not like you want anything to do with me. When is the last time we had sex? I was trying to think about it today but I couldn't remember the last time. Can you?"

"Last month," she said readily. She had thought about it often. She recalled the way he had touched her as if it was a chore.

"You're right. You do remember. It wasn't very good, was it? Face it, Jenna. This marriage is over before it even began. It doesn't matter who I'm fucking or not fucking."

"Who is she? It matters to me!" Their eyes met and he looked down, ashamed of himself for what he had been doing. She knew that he was cheating. She even knew who the other woman was. She was a brunette named Sandy Barnes. She frequented the same bar that they went to on the nights they were able to go out and have a good time.

"Would you ever do a threesome with Sandy?" he had asked Jenna one night while they were out.

"I'm not into women, Nick. You know that."

"I thought maybe with the right woman you would be freer."

"The right woman?"

"She's very special," Nick had said and Jenna had known then that he was interested in her. She knew she couldn't stop the events that were already in progress and yet she hoped that her relationship with Nick would somehow survive his obsession with Sandy.

"I think we should break up, Jenna. I'm not in love with you anymore," his words hung in the air and she wondered if she had heard him right. She had heard him say this in her dreams a million times. Sometimes she was happy, other times she was devastated. Now that it was really happening, she was numb.

"Get out!" she screamed, running to the front door and throwing it open. "Get the fuck out of this house! I don't want you here anymore you cheating, lying, piece of shit!"

"I don't want you either, you uptight prude! At least Sandy is open to threesomes. You never even gave them a chance!"

"Fuck you!" she screamed as she pushed him out of the house and locked the deadbolt behind him. She allowed herself to sob loudly for several minutes before she paused, realizing that she was alone. She had the house to herself and she was no longer engaged. She thought about updating her Facebook status but when she opened her phone she saw an app she hadn't opened in a while called Swing Low. She opened it up and looked through the messages she had accrued during her absence.

"Oh my Gosh!" she exclaimed as she scrolled through all of the messages. One was from a woman and this made Jenna more interested. Nick had been right. She had never been open to women, but now, as she looked at this woman's pictures she realized that this would be the perfect woman to try lesbian stuff with. She would show Nick! She would fuck a girl! She messaged the girl back and was shocked to get an immediate response.

"Want to come over? I'm having a little party."

"Sure," Jenna texted back and within the hour she was walking up the front steps to Selma's house. Selma opened the door, looking disheveled. Her hair was a mess and her makeup was smeared all over her eyes. She smiled warmly.

"Sorry I'm such a mess, but please, come in," Selma smiled warmly and Jenna walked inside to a sight she wasn't expecting. There was a pile of naked bodies on the living room couch and floor. There were several couples fucking and a young girl sitting on the couch, naked and watching them fuck.

"Bliss, this is Jenna. She's new tonight. Perhaps you can show her the ropes."

"Sure, hi there! I'm Bliss" she reached her hand out to Jenna. Jenna took her hand and felt the electricity running through Bliss.

"Hi," Jenna felt shy but Bliss didn't seem to mind.

"Let me show you the girl's room," Bliss took Jenna's hand and led her down the hallway and into a room decorated in soft pink and white. It looked like a little girl's room, except the bed was queen sized. "Come cuddle with me."

"Okay?" Jenna looked a bit confused but she allowed Bliss to pull her onto the bed.

"Take off your clothes. This is an experience that works better naked."

"Okay," Jenna shed her clothes until she and Bliss were naked and pressed together, their bodies warm and soft. Jenna had never felt the way she was feeling about another woman, so when Bliss began to move until her mouth was on her pussy, Jenna allowed it to happen. Bliss knew what she was doing and Jenna was in shock. She screamed as she felt her pussy give way to her first orgasm of the night. Nick had never made her cum like this before and she welcomed the sensations that Bliss was giving her.

When Jenna had finished cumming, Bliss crawled up and kissed her mouth. There was something so sensual in the kiss that Jenna felt herself losing control. She was so horny now and so very, very upset about Nick. She didn't want to think about him and thankfully she didn't have to. The door opened and Selma entered. She joined the girls on the bed and began to finger Jenna's pussy.

"Oh my God!" Jenna screamed as Selma expertly hit her G-Spot. Jenna felt wetness beneath her as she screamed, cumming hard on Selma's fingers.

"You squirted!" Selma cried out with delight. "I think she's ready for the guys now, don't you?"

"I squirted?" I screamed, feeling the puddle beneath me. Nick had never made her squirt!

"I do," Bliss answered. "But I'm licking this clit while they fuck her!"

"I don't blame you!" Selma got up and went to get the guys. Jenna had no idea who the guys were but it didn't really matter at that point. Jenna's pussy was wet and ready and she didn't even care who they were. She just wanted the fun to continue so she didn't think about Nick and what had happened. Before today she had thought that she would soon be married and that she would live happily ever after. Now she knew that this wasn't the case and that Nick wasn't into her anymore. He was into Sandy. It was a travesty! She felt tears threaten her eyes just as Selma returned with the guys.

There were three of them and they were all very different looking. One was tall with a long, hard, cock that leaned to the left. One was stocky with a thick, stubby cock. The last one was a medium-sized man with what looked like a perfect-sized cock for Jenna. She smiled up at the men.

"You must be Jenna. We have heard a lot about you," the perfect-sized man confessed.

"You have?"

"Yes, we heard that you were in need to a nice, deep dicking," the tall man added.

"Whatever you need," the stocky guy chimed in.

"Aren't they great?" Bliss asked rhetorically. "Go on and show her what you can do."

The men descended upon Jenna like she was a meal after a ten-day fast. Their cocks slipped into her holes until she was stuffed full of them. The stocky man was in her asshole, the tall man was fucking her mouth and the cock that was just right was up inside of her pussy. She had never slept with more than one person at once and to have three cocks in her at the same time was absolutely wicked. She could feel Selma and Bliss's hands running over her tits and Bliss would bend down and lick her clit every once in a while and send her over the edge to another orgasm.

Jenna had cum so much in such a short time and she was feeling weak. She had never squirted before and since she had met Selma, she had squirted several times. She couldn't believe what she was doing and even though it was painful to admit, she knew that she wouldn't be doing these things if she was still engaged to her fiance. She knew that none of this would be happening and she liked it so much that she was able to make peace with the break-up by the time they were through using her. Jenna had cum in every one of her holes and she was shocked that Selma was licking her pussy anyway.

"I like the taste of cum if I eat it out of a girl's pussy," she paused to tell Jenna.

"That's crazy," Jenna shook her head, unable to believe that there were people as sexual as Selma out there in the world. Jenna had never really considered herself super sexual but as Selma continued to lick her pussy, she surprised herself by cumming again.

"When you cum, you push more of their cum out of you," she told me.

"Do you like that?" Jenna asked but she knew that Selma did before she answered.

"Yes, I do. Do you think I'm weird for liking that?"

"No," Jenna blushed.

"Are you okay? You seem a bit sad." Selma looked at Jenna as she licked her pussy slowly, putting pressure on Jenna's clit with her tongue.

"My fiance broke up with me last night," Jenna confided in her.

"I'm sorry to hear that. I hope I can make you feel better," she licked Jenna faster and faster until she was squirming beneath her. Jenna could hear the sounds of other people having sex somewhere in Selma's house but she couldn't focus on them. Her eyes rolled back into her head and she knew that this was a new beginning. She screamed, cumming hard as her first night without Nick reached its end.

Jenna woke up with a pile of naked bodies surrounding her. Her first group sex experience had been a real success. As she said her good-byes and made her way home she realized that she was happy that Nick had ended things. She had a new awareness now and a new hunger for both men and women that she was ready to explore. Life was full of new possibilities and she couldn't wait to find out what would happen next. She was done with her straight, vanilla lifestyle. She wanted to be like Selma and Bliss now.

From that point on, she allowed herself to be the slut she had always dreamed of being. She had been afraid, limited by things like her fiance and marriage. Now, she had nothing to lose and everything to gain by allowing herself to get fucked by all kinds of dicks and pussies too. She didn't care that being a slut was supposed to be a bad thing. Now that she had tasted what being a slut was like, she wanted more. She wanted to sample all the naked bodies. She wanted to try all the different cocks and she wanted to try licking a pussy. She had been licked to orgasm all night by Selma and Bliss. Now it was her turn to taste a girl. She couldn't wait.

In fact, she had one in mind that she was certain would irk Nick for the rest of his life if he found out. She opened my Facebook and typed in her name: Sandy Barnes. Sandy was Jenna's new slut target. She was going to lick Sandy's pussy and make her cum way better than Nick ever could.