 Jenna was trying to study for her Advanced Economics final exam. She sat at her desk with her textbook and notes all laid out in front of her. Her favorite music was playing in the background. A full glass of iced tea sat at the corner of her desk, waiting to be sipped. Jenna's mind was elsewhere. She nervously tapped her pencil and stared off into space. Water droplets forming on the sides of the glass of tea dripped down and stained her notebook. She noticed and chastised herself for her lack of focus, but she couldn't help it. 

A few hours earlier, she had been dining with her best friend Melissa. Jenna and Melissa were good friends but opposites in many ways. Jenna was always the cute, polite and soft-spoken one, a hard-working student with a high grade point average and a promising future. Jenna dreamed of building a career in psychology, then someday marrying a stable, handsome man and raising children. She was never too concerned about the campus social life, because she sensed that her future would play out elsewhere, well into the future and in a place far away. Jenna was not willing to invest herself in temporary flings or wild parties that would only distract her from these goals. Melissa teased Jenna sometimes about being a bit of a prude, but Melissa was more than a little jealous of Jenna's ability to excel at school and remain focused despite all of the distractions found on campus. Melissa, on the other hand, always lived in the present and had no long range plan at all. She doubted she would get married, she wasn't too concerned about a career and she definitely didn't want children. Melissa was a lot of fun, had a sharp wit and a great sense of humor, but she knew she was a little immature. 

While both girls nibbled on salads, Melissa casually mentioned that she had participated in a threeway with two guys a few days ago. Jenna nearly spat out the soda that she had just been drinking. Melissa looked down at her salad, but had a smile on her face that told Jenna that she hadn't been joking. Yes, this threeway had actually happened. Jenna didn't know what to say, she had never known or heard of anyone participating in such a thing. Jenna began prodding Melissa for further details. 

Melissa explained that her threeway had been with Rick and Brandon. Jenna knew Rick and Brandon from various functions around campus. Both men were successful and fairly popular. Jenna had passively found both men to be strong and sexy, but she couldn't remember ever having the occasion to talk to them much. Jenna tried to imagine the three of them having sex, all naked and wrapped up together and poking and prodding various parts of each other, but her mind wasn't programmed for such things and she gave up. She wondered how it must have felt for Melissa to have these two men. Jenna had no idea. Jenna's sexual escapades up to that point had been pretty limited. Listening to Melissa talk about sex always made her feel uneasy, as if there were a world of carnal pleasure that she wasn't a part of. Listening to Melissa now made these feelings much stronger, but she reminded herself that she had goals that Melissa didn't have, and she couldn't afford to throw caution to the wind as her friend often did.

"Was it...fun?" Jenna asked, feeling a little silly for inquiring.

"Yeah, it was great..." Melissa began. Her voice trailed off.

"Wouldn't it be a trip if you got pregnant?"

"Oh god, I thought of that. I don't know who would make the better daddy..." Melissa laughed uncomfortably.

"Just keep them both. Tell them the baby is a mutant combination of each of their DNA and they both need to be there, raising the baby and making sure you are very, very happy..." 

"Jenna, that's perfect! I'm writing that down!"

They both laughed.

"Sounds like you had fun, though..." Jenna added, after their laughter had settled down.

"I asked both guys if they would do that again with you," Melissa whispered, as if she just let the most delicious secret of all time slip.

"What!?" Jenna responded, believing she must have misunderstood.

"They said they would have a threeway with you, Jenna."

"You'd better be joking..."

"I'm not joking! Come on, this is your senior year in college. You're going to graduate and move on. These guys won't follow you, they're just out for some fun!" 

"Oh...my...god..."

Jenna was thoroughly embarrassed. Her face turned beet red, which Melissa thought was perhaps the cutest thing she had ever seen. Jenna didn't answer the question. She didn't know how to answer. She would have to say no, of course. Jenna simply didn't do such things. There were risks. Jenna had a future to consider. 

However, Jenna was very curious. Melissa knew Jenna was very curious. If Jenna had been forced to make a decision at that moment, she would have easily said no. But Melissa didn't push. She knew that Jenna would need time. The idea hung in the air and taunted Jenna all day. 

Jenna masturbated three times that night. She tried hard to study for the exam, but failed miserably. She thought about the fact that she had two men who had agreed to have sex with her at the same time. Two good looking, strong men. They had already agreed and were just waiting for her approval. Oh, god, she thought, two men. They already said yes. They would have her. If she wanted. All Jenna would have to do is just say okay. These thoughts made her uncontrollably horny. They made her pussy wet and her clit hyper-sensitive. She needed relief, and her slender fingers probed down below. She hit her sweet spot, and rubbed and rubbed and rubbed, thinking of the two men, Rick and Brandon, and she came. It felt good, but the relief was temporary. Within half an hour, she was horny again. 

Jenna wanted the threeway, but she was shy. She felt awkward and insufficient. She wouldn't be as open as Melissa. She wouldn't be as sexy or uninhibited. Jenna still wanted to go through with it, because this might be her only chance for such a thing to ever occur in her life. She thought about all the risks. She might get pregnant or a disease. She might get a reputation. Guys might hear about it and want all kinds of wild sex with her. Or, word might get around that she was really bad at sex, or too inhibited, or her body wasn't right. However, in just a couple months, everyone would leave campus to begin their own lives, so maybe none of that mattered much. What would happen here would stay here, right?

Two days later, Jenna was on the phone with Melissa. Jenna was completely embarrassed and red-faced. Her hand was covering her face in a misplaced attempt to hide her embarrassment, but she said yes and asked Melissa to set up a date. Jenna hung up the phone and sat down and put her head in her hands, wondering what awful can of worms she had just opened. Jenna was scared, because she didn't know what to expect. 

Jenna spent the next couple days in a constant state of worry and excitement. She couldn't study. She couldn't focus. She had trouble keeping a conversation going with anyone. She went to the store and forgot what she was supposed to buy. She made meals and tried to eat, but she poked at her food instead. All she could think about was the impending threeway. Rick and Brandon. Licking and kissing and fucking. Oh my god, she thought, what have I gotten myself into? She wanted to panic and run, to take it all back, but she never did. 

Three days later, Jenna was sitting in the exact same booth in the exact same restaurant waiting for the two guys, Rick and Brandon. Jenna was so nervous that she doubted her ability to go through with it. Her hands shook as she sipped her soda, and her palms felt clammy. A voice in her head told her to run, to protect herself, that these men might hurt her or something. But she didn't run. Perhaps the humiliation of fleeing outweighed the humiliation of going through with it.

Brandon and Rick walked in together. Jenna's immediate reaction was: Oh my god, they are so big and powerful and I am so little and weak and they want to take my body and use me and fuck me...what the hell have I gotten myself into...I need to get away from this...

Jenna didn't run. She calmed down, gathered herself and introduced herself to both men. Brandon was over 6 feet tall, clean-cut with short brown hair and a football player's physique. Rick was just a little shorter and had long, more disheveled hair, pulled back into a pony tail. Both men had a light, friendly and confident manner. 

Rick and Brandon sat down across from Jenna in the booth. Both men were intrigued by Jenna right away. She was dressed preppy, with a white button-up top and a cute butterfly pin above her left breast. She wore a gold bracelet around her right wrist, and an understated silver necklace. She had a brown skirt on that went to her knees, that matched vaguely with the butterfly. Jenna's legs were crossed, but both men noticed her smooth, soft legs right away. 

Both guys sensed Jenna's nervousness right away. They talked to her in a friendly, reassuring tone of voice. Everything would be okay, there was no pressure and they would just have fun. They talked for awhile about random topics, and Jenna relaxed a little. She thought both Rick and Brandon were nice guys, and it helped that they shared some of the same interests. They liked some of the same music. They all loved movies. They talked about various courses they had taken and some of the teachers they liked and disliked. Her nervousness returned the moment it was time to leave, however. The guys paid the bill. The three of them left together and headed for Jenna's apartment. 

All three sat on her living room sofa, with Jenna in the middle. At Rick's suggestion, Jenna put a movie in her dvd player and let it run while she sat between them. The movie was only a distraction. Jenna was clearly very nervous, but she grew more comfortable as time elapsed and the film progressed. Rick and Brandon were watching out for her, concerned for her welfare. They had no intention of pushing her farther than she was comfortable with. Desire grew slowly between the them. The men glanced frequently but respectfully at her body. Jenna noticed bulging erections beneath their pants, but she didn't dare act on it or say anything. The men were masterfully patient, sensing that Jenna needed a lot of tender loving care.

The credits finally began rolling. Jenna's nervousness returned. She swallowed hard, played with the edge of her skirt and fidgeted. She looked at both Rick and Brandon and felt very shy and small and innocent. 

"I...might not be very good, because I am not...experienced...at this kind of thing...but I would really like to try," Jenna whispered apologetically to both Brandon and Rick.

Rick turned Jenna's head and kissed her softly. 

"You will be fantastic, Jenna," Brandon whispered in her ear as she and Rick kissed gently. "precisely because you are not experienced at this kind of thing."

Rick leaned forward and kissed Jenna slowly and sensually. Brandon placed his hand on her thigh and began working his way up her skirt. Oh god, here we go, Jenna thought. She got scared, but she took a deep breath. Jenna closed her eyes and let Rick and Brandon lead the way.

While Rick made out with her, Brandon explored her body cautiously. They switched after a few minutes. Brandon took over kissing Jenna while Rick explored her body. Jenna noticed that each one kissed differently. Rick was softer, more sensual. Brandon liked to use his tongue. She returned all of the kisses and allowed the other access to wherever their hands wanted to go. Rick and Brandon explored her breasts, her tummy, beneath her skirt, on her thighs. Their hands felt so strong. Jenna's legs and hands were shaking, she was scared, but she told herself to let go and trust them.

Rick unbuttoned and opened her white shirt, which made Jenna breathe faster. Rick began feeling her right breast, and Brandon took her left. They massaged her small, round and youthful breasts that were still hiding underneath her bra. Jenna felt like a beautiful, frail little doll in their hands. Every time they explored somewhere new on her body, Jenna was afraid they would find something about her they didn't like. They never did, of course, and Jenna loved the feeling of having her breasts massaged. Jenna allowed herself to moan softly under their touch, a signal to both men that she was enjoying their attention. 

Rick reached behind Jenna. He unclasped her bra and set it aside. She began to cover herself with her arms, to protect herself, but she stopped. Her breasts were exposed. She silently prayed that they would like what they saw. While she kissed Rick again, Brandon licked across her nipple with his tongue. She jumped a little and giggled at her reaction, but then settled back in and allowed Brandon to suck her. She felt both nipples harden. Jenna found herself enjoying it so much that she reached down and held her breast for Brandon. He smiled at her and began licking and sucking the nipple that she offered to him. Rick noticed Jenna's reaction to having her nipples sucked. Rick wrapped his mouth around her other nipple and began sucking, which drove her body crazy. Jenna loved it. Their lips and tongues felt so wet and good on her nipples. The sensations were amazing. She held her arms over her head to prevent herself from stopping them. 

Both men worked their hands under her skirt. They lifted Jenna's skirt up to her waist and uncovered her smooth white legs. She wore white cotton panties underneath that fit snuggly against her body. They each took a leg in their hands, caressing up and down her thighs as they continued to kiss and suck her nipples. Jenna legs were open and she felt very wet. She got self-conscious again, because she knew they were going to remove her panties soon. Then they would see between her legs in the full light of day. 

Brandon reached around the waistband and lowered Jenna's panties down. Jenna moaned. Jenna was naked beneath her skirt. She felt vulnerable.

"Show us your pussy, sweetie...we want to see how beautiful you are..."

Jenna opened her legs. Both men inspected her. Each one took his turn touching her, fingering her, kissing her and tasting her. They obviously liked what they saw and wanted more. Jenna loved the attention, and wanted to give them more. She spread her legs wider for them.

Rick took over and explored deeper inside Jenna. With his fingers and tongue, he coaxed Jenna's pussy lips wide open and explored her inner depths. Jenna simply closed her eyes and let him play. It felt so good.

"You have a very pretty pussy, Jenna. It's so cute and sexy. I need to make out with it..." Rick teased. 

Jenna face turned red again. She was still embarrassed, but she was comfortable now opening herself up to both guys. When she looked down, she couldn't believe she was seeing her cute little legs open so wide, her tender little pussy offered up for Rick's enjoyment like this. He licked her thoroughly up and down her entire slit. He took her liquid inside of his mouth and returned for more. Wow, Rick really likes how my pussy tastes, she thought.

Jenna felt a calm completely wash through her body. Her doubts were drifting away. There was no nervousness. Jenna was completely accepted. She felt sexy and desired and delicious. She watched Brandon remove his pants and immediately wanted his cock inside of her mouth. Jenna had limited experience at giving oral sex, but the fear was gone and she wanted nothing more than to kiss and suck on Brandon's cock.

Jenna held Brandon's erection around the base and pulled it toward her. She studied the tip of his cock. Brandon's cock seemed so large, so strong and so thick. Her fingers seemed thin wrapped around his large piece of meat. Brandon's cock seemed to throb under her touch, stiffening further. She kissed the tip. She tasted him. With her lips, she felt how hard he was. Jenna was aching for an orgasm now, with Rick licking and sucking all over her pussy. She decided she wanted Brandon's huge cock inside her mouth when she came. She opened her soft red lips and took him in. His large cock slid between her lips filled her mouth. Brandon, for his part, loved how fascinated Jenna was with his cock. Brandon was turned on by her innocence. 

Jenna held Brandon in her mouth and eagerly sucked until she felt her body begin to build toward an orgasm. Rick's tongue suddenly felt so overwhelmingly good on her clit that she knew she was close. She took all of Brandon's cock deep inside of her mouth then, as much as she could fit. Jenna's body bucked, squirmed and fought for a better position under Rick's tongue. Rick held her ankles then, keeping her legs still and used his tongue to push Jenna to the edge. Jenna lay back, eyes closed, her mouth filled with Brandon's cock. She focused on that tongue, Rick's tongue, playing with her pussy, with her clit, driving her body crazy, making her body ache for an orgasm that was so close...so close...

When Jenna finally came, she got scared. She didn't expect an orgasm as powerful as this. Waves passed through her entire body, and she felt her legs shaking. She instinctively cried out, but Brandon's cock muffled her. She thought that her pussy was pouring fluids, but she didn't care. Rick held her ankles firmly throughout her orgasm, licking her always, glad to have her juices on his tongue. 

Jenna felt sexy in a way she never imagined that she could feel. Brandon and Rick wanted her. Really wanted her. They seemed to like everything about her. Her legs, her ass, her pussy, her mouth. The way she smiled. Even that she was so shy and inexperienced with sex. She never saw herself as being a sexual person before, but with Rick and Brandon she felt completely and totally desired.

While Rick lapped up the liquid flowing from Jenna, Jenna sucked Brandon's cock completely. She held Brandon deep inside of her mouth and kept him there, using her tongue to caress the most sensitive parts. Brandon knew he was going to explode, and worried that Jenna might not be ready. But Jenna opened her eyes and looked up at him. She smiled at him and nodded slightly. Yes, she wanted his orgasm in her mouth. Jenna closed her eyes again and licked him until he had no choice but to cum. He reached down and stroked her long blonde hair as he came. He watched his own cock spasm as he pumped his cum into Jenna's mouth over and over. Cute, sweet Jenna never flinched. She accepted his cum and swallowed all of it. 

They continued having sex for hours. Each of the men had Jenna again, one at a time while the other watched. Then they carried her to her own bed, laid her back, and continued licking and feeling her body. She lay back spread eagled as they explored everywhere. They kissed her mouth and her nipples and her pussy, but they also kissed her armpits, her neck, behind her knees, her toes. Even her ass. She never thought anyone would ever want to kiss her back there, but Brandon lifted Jenna's leg high into the air and planted his tongue right there, on her rear button, and she moaned in delight. Everything felt so good.

Brandon and Rick both felt like Jenna needed something special to end their sexual encounter. Rick positioned Jenna in the middle of the bed so that she lay on her side. Rick then positioned Brandon behind Jenna. Jenna gladly opened her legs and Brandon worked his erection inside of her once again. He began fucking her slowly while Rick positioned himself opposite them both, in front of Jenna, in a sixty-nine position. Jenna took Rick's manhood into her mouth and began sucking it. Down below, Rick began exploring Jenna's pussy. Jenna got excited when she figured out what Rick was up to. She lifted her top leg, bent her knee and positioned her toes on top of her other knee, allowing full access to the fuck that she and Brandon were enjoying. Rick lapped across her clit with his tongue mere inches from where Brandon's cock was thrusting deep inside of her. 
