 "Stop laughing!" Jennie snapped lowly.

"Sorry," Greg said, losing his laughter but not his smile. "But if you walk like that everyone is going to know what we did last night."

Jennie's ass was sore from their first time trying anal sex. Both had enjoyed it immensely, but she was paying for it now. It wasn't quite as bad as she was acting, but it did hurt.

"Let's go," she said smiling slightly, enjoying her husband's amusement. "We don't want to be late."

"You know," Greg said. "We never did talk about..."

"I know," Jennie interjected. "We'll just see how things go."

"Okay," he replied after a moment's hesitation.

Jennie smirked slightly. There was no need to talk. It was obvious that admitting her own desire for Rosa and a willingness to let the redhead join them in bed had Greg salivating. He wanted Rosa. Jennie wanted her too. Rosa wanted Greg, but the big question was if Rosa was willing to share.

'Okay,' Jennie admitted to herself. 'She'd have to do a bit more than share!'

"What so funny?" Greg asked, seeing her smile.

"Nothing," Jennie said quickly. "Let's go."

The kids were at the table where Jennie left them having breakfast. The damage wasn't all that bad considering. Mindy had offered to sit with them, but Jennie told the girl not to bother. They were all running late this morning and it made more sense to spend the time getting ready. 

"Mindy, are you ready?" Jennie called.

"Yes," the dark haired girl replied coming out of her room. Jennie smiled when she saw her.

Mindy was one of the neighbor's daughters. She had just finished her first year of college and Greg and Jennie paid for her to come along on vacation and help with the kids. Mindy had been Jeremy and Sarah's babysitter almost since birth.

What made Jennie smile when she saw Mindy was the look the girl gave Greg as she entered the room. The conversation the night before with Rosa and her friends was obviously still on the young woman's mind. Jennie never noticed that Mindy had a thing for Greg, but it was pretty obvious now.

The young woman was wearing a different bathing suit today. Her cover-up hid most of it, but Jennie was pretty sure that this suit was a lot smaller than the one she wore the day before.

"Are we ready?" Greg asked. Mindy was putting the dishes in the small sink and Jennie started wiping down the kids.

"In a minute," Jennie replied, watching Mindy out of the corner of her eye as she finished.

The young woman leaned over the table to reach for a bowl and Jennie smiled as the Mindy's cover-up fell open briefly. She was definitely wearing a much smaller bathing suit! Yesterday she had on a one piece, but today it was a bikini.

Jennie caught herself eyeing the girl. Mindy was athletically built. She was a gymnast in high school and Jennie was happy to see the girl obvious kept in shape. Mindy's ass was round and she had strongly built legs. They weren't huge, but on the other hand they weren't twigs either. Jennie wondered how they'd feel wrapped around...

'Man!' Jennie said to herself as she halted her thoughts. 'You are turning into such a pervert!'

Mindy turned at that exact moment and caught Jennie looking. Instead of being upset or embarrassed, Mindy just smiled. Jennie thought the girl might have stuck out her chest slightly as well.

'Interesting,' Jennie thought. Mindy said that she was a heterosexual. She'd tried sex with another girl before and liked men better. Yet, the young woman never said that she didn't like having sex with a woman. 'Maybe she wants Greg so badly that she's willing to try a threesome?' The thought made Jennie excited and she once again pictured Mindy's thighs and ass before looking up at the young woman and smiling. Mindy's smile grew more confident and sexy.

'I bet she's a good kisser,' Jennie thought, using the fingers of one hand to rub her lips. She felt herself reacting. Her nipples stiffened slightly and she actually began to get damp. 'Those lips...'

"Come on!" Greg cried, interrupting her thoughts. "We're already late!"

"Let's go," Jennie said with a shake of her head. "The rest can wait until we get back."

Mindy nodded, but watched Jennie for a few moments longer. It didn't help Jennie's state. She shook her head again and thought, 'Pervert doesn't begin to describe what you're becoming! That's little Mindy from next door you're thinking about!' It didn't curb her desire. Mindy had grown into an attractive young woman.

They left their suite and ran down from the hotel to the dock. It was a little farther away than the beach and in the opposite direction, but not far enough really to drive. Jennie carried Jeremy and Mindy carried Sarah because they were in a rush. Greg's arms were filled with all of the stuff Jennie and Mindy insisted they bring. Most of it was related to the kids.

"It's about time!" Tara called with a smile when they finally arrived. Jennie was happy to see the kids brighten considerably when they saw the small blond woman. They'd obviously taken to her the night before.

"Good morning!" Joanne smiled. Jennie thought she sounded too happy for this time of the day. Rosa saw her expression and laughed.

"Forgive her," the red head said, once again wearing a large brimmed hat. Her body was covered and the parts that showed obviously had on a lot of sun block. "Joanne is a morning person." 

"Greg too," Jennie sighed.

"And I thought you were perfect," Rosa sighed, looking at Greg as she hid her smile. He smartly remained silent.

The captain and his wife, the only 'crew' he had, joined them and gave the kids life preservers as the greetings were completed. A half hour later they were sitting enjoying the feel of the sun while the wind blew through their hair. It wasn't long before they made it to the first spot where they were going to snorkel.

Jennie and Greg took the kids into the water the first time and Mindy was kind enough to use the underwater camera to take a pictures. It took a while for them to get Jeremy and Sarah to understand how to snorkel, but once they did the kids were addicted. Their excitement brought smiles to both their parents' faces.

Joanne and Tara snorkeled as well. Jennie could see them holding hands as they drifted around the boat slowly, enjoying the sights below. Rosa sat on the catamaran and drank a special concoction the captain insisted was an island special. She wasn't ready to go into the water yet.

"It will take me an hour to cover up again once I'm done!" was her excuse.

They all ended up back on the catamaran a while later. The kids didn't want to leave the water, but Jennie insisted. She wanted to give them a break. They were probably more tired then they realize. In either case, Jennie needed the break.

She tasted the captain's concoction and nodded appreciatively, but didn't take a cup. Greg had already finished his first cup and one of them would have to stay in control with the kids present.

The captain shifted to a second sight not far from the first, but with actual coral below. This time everyone went into the water, even Rosa. It was getting hot and she needed a dip in the ocean to cool off. 

Mindy and Tara took the kids. Jennie watched them a few minutes and relaxed a little when everyone seemed to be having a good time. It was hard and she never lost sight of Tara.

"You know, you can relax," Joanne said when they were both floating and taking a break from snorkeling. "Lesbian's can watch kids just as well as straight people."

"I'm sure," Jennie replied, unwilling to take the bait. "But..."

"But, you only met us yesterday and Sarah is your daughter," Joanne interjected with a laugh. "You remind me of my mother."

"Do I now?" Jennie asked, meeting Joanne's gaze.

"Well, everything except the hot body and 'fuck me' eyes," the blond replied with a grin. Instead of being embarrassed Jennie decided to have some fun.

"Should you be flirting with me?" she asked. "Aren't you and Tara exclusive?"

"Me flirting with you?" Joanne argued. "You're the one with wearing that tiny bikini!"

"Oh, it's not that small!" Jennie laughed.

"You're just lucky that Tara and I are exclusive!"

"Why?" Jennie asked. Joanne swam close to Jennie causing the brunette's heart to beat faster.

"Because if we weren't, I'd make you scream half the night away!" the blond woman said softly.

"Only half the night?" Jennie asked, making herself sound disappointed.

The two women looked at each other for a moment. They both could feel the sexual tension building. They were so close that their breasts actually bumped.

"Can't you keep control of those monster?" Joanne laughed, pulling back slightly. "Those things are dangerous!"

"Chicken!" Jennie said, surprising herself.

"Not chicken," Joanne said, no longer laughing. She had a look of regret on her face as she added, "Just taken."

"You're lucky to have Tara," Jennie said, realizing that she went too far. Her horniness was getting the better of her. She didn't want to do anything that would hurt her new friends.

"I know," Joanne replied, smiling once again.

"I'm sorry," Jennie added.

"Don't be," the blond replied. "I was just as much to blame. Besides, it was just a little harmless flirting."

"Speaking of which," Jennie said, looking around. "Have you noticed that Greg and Rosa aren't on this side of the boat?"

"Do you think?" Joanne grinned.

"They both had a lot to drink. Let's take a swim to the other side and find out," Jennie said. 

"Are you sure you want to?" Joanne asked.

"Oh, it won't be too bad," Jennie said confidently. "They're not that drunk!" She took one last look at the kids to make sure they were fine.

The two ladies swam slowly around the boat. Greg and Rosa were swimming together pointing out the different fish. Every once in a while one of them would brush up against the other. Okay, it was probably a little more frequent then that. As Jennie watched Rosa grabbed Greg's hand and pointed at another fish.

"Just some harmless flirting," Joanne said. "Are you okay?"

"I'm fine," Jennie replied. "A little jealous, but coping. It doesn't hurt that I find Rosa just as attractive as Greg does."

"What are you going to do?" Joanne asked.

"I'm not sure," Jennie shrugged. "But you take Greg back around the boat. I want to talk to Rosa alone for a couple of minutes."

"Okay," Joanne agreed. 

They started making their way over. Jennie and Joanne were almost on top of Greg and Rosa before they realized they had company. Rosa pulled back from him slightly in embarrassment.

"Hey babe!" Greg said, pulling Jennie into a quick kiss. He made sure she could feel his excitement. His cock was semi stiff when he rubbed it against her.

"Go check on the kids," Jennie said pointedly, but not angrily. Greg frowned briefly, but then nodded. Joanne went with him. Rosa started to follow, but Jennie grabbed her arm.

"You need to make up your mind," Jennie said without preamble.

"What do you mean?" Rosa asked nervously.

"You can flirt with my husband as much as you like," Jennie replied. "I don't mind. You're just making him hornier for me. The conversation last night got us both so hot that we were up half the night."

"I'm happy for you," Rosa said, not really sounding all that happy.

"That's not my point," Jennie said, moving extremely close to Rosa. Jennie was being far more aggressive then ever before, but now was the time to lay it on the line. "My point is that you can keep doing what you're doing, and I'll reap the benefits, or you can join Greg and I for a night of passion and share in it."

Rosa looked at the other woman and saw that the offer was for real. She desperately wanted Greg. He made her extremely horny and it had been a while since she had any real release. Rosa had never shared a man with another woman before, but she found herself surprisingly willing now.

"I'll share, just as long as you keep your hand to..." Rosa began. Jennie shushed her and placed two fingers on the redhead's lips.

"That's not the way it's going to work," the brunette said, smiling sexily. "The only way you get into our bed is if you agreed to have sex with both of us."

"But last night you said that you weren't bisexual?" Rosa asked, stalling for time.

"I'm not," Jennie shrugged. "But I think that maybe I'd like to be."

"Well I don't!" Rosa cried.

Jennie thought about backing off, but there was an excitement in Rosa's eyes that made her think the woman was lying, at least to herself. So instead, Jennie pulled the redhead close and kissed her. She made sure that their breasts rubbed together and slipped her knee between Rosa's legs. The redhead froze, but didn't pull away.

"That kiss either excited you or not," Jennie said as she finally pulled away. "If it didn't, then you probably aren't bisexual. If it did, then you have to make up your mind and see if you want to go further to see the truth."

"I'm don't like women!" Rosa insisted.

"Then why did you let me kiss you?" Jennie asked. "And why are you looking at me now the same why you always look at Greg?"

"I am not!" Rosa cried, but she knew it was a lie. She was looking at Jennie that way. 

She fought hard to deny the desire she was feeling. The kiss had been enjoyable and their breasts touching sent a jolt through her body. Worse yet, she missed the feel of Jennie's knee rubbing between her thighs.

"It's your decision," Jennie shrugged. "But you should know that when I was in college I chickened out of an experience with another woman. I've regretted it for years."

"I'm not you!" Rosa snapped. Jennie smiled at her once knowingly and then swam back around the catamaran. Rosa watched her go. The poor redhead didn't know what to think.

'I can't believe I just did that!' Jennie mind cried, but she was smiling. She never felt so liberated before. If her friends from back home could see her now!

"Everything okay?" Joanne asked when she rejoined the others.

"Only time will tell," Jennie shrugged.

"I see you've made up your mind," the blond smiled knowingly.

"Yep," Jennie smiled. "Now it's up to Rosa to make up hers."

They were all back on the boat enjoying another drink not long afterward. It was just past noon when they were dropped off back on the dock. Rosa hadn't said much on the journey back. Instead, she sat drinking. She was drunk by the time they left the boat.

"We'd better get her back to our place where she can sleep it off," Tara grinned.

"No!" Rosa said, not quite slurring. "I want to go to the beach."

"Not today," Joanne said. "You've already spent too much time out in the sun. In your current state you'd probably cook to a crisp and not even realize it."

"Will you three join us for dinner again?" Jennie asked. "We had a good time last night. I'm making something special."

"Not tonight," Joanne answered. "We have reservations. How about tomorrow?"

"Okay," Jennie smiled.

"Rosa should be functioning again by then," Tara smirked. She and Joanne led Rosa back to their room.

The rest of the day went by reasonably quickly. Jennie and Mindy stayed by the pool and let the kids play. Greg went to the room for a nap. 

"They're going to sleep good tonight," Mindy said as she watched Jeremy and Sarah in the kiddy pool. She and Jennie were lying in chase lounge chairs together. 

"Yes," Jennie agreed as she took a sip of her drink. A couple of guys went by and ogled both women.

"The tall one is kind of cute," Mindy said with a grin once they were past.

"You know," Jennie said. "You don't have to stay in tonight. I've got the kids."

"Are you kidding?" Mindy smiled. "I'm exhausted. We snorkeled half the day. The kids aren't the only ones who are going to sleep well tonight."

"Well then, you don't have to join us for dinner tomorrow. If you want to find someone your own age to hang out with it's okay with me."

"No thanks," Mindy smiled. "I had fun last night and I can wait to see what we talk about tomorrow!"

"Are you sure?" Jennie asked. "I'm certain your mother wouldn't approve."

"That's her problem," Mindy replied. "I want to see how far you'll go to try and get Rosa to join you and Greg."

"What?" Jennie cried.

"Relax," Mindy smiled. "I had most of it figured out, but Tara filled in the rest when you and Greg took the kids that last time."

"You're not shocked?" Jennie asked.

"You forgot about Toni Ann," Mindy said with a shrug.

"I still can't picture you two together," Jennie said with a shake of her head.

"Oh, it was just kids stuff," Mindy replied, and then looking at Jennie closely, added, "In fact, last night while you and Greg were keeping me awake with your love making, I thought about the possibility of giving it another try."

"Lucky Toni Ann," Jennie said.

"I wasn't talking about with her," Mindy said seriously, watching Jennie's expression as the truth sunk in. "I'd be more than willing to take Rosa's place if she's not interested."

"Another woman who's hot for my husband!" Jennie cried softly, trying to make it a joke. Mindy didn't laugh.

"Not just Greg," she said bravely. The two women locked gazes and Jennie fought a strong desire to kiss the young woman.

'My God!' Jennie thought. 'Just how much more wanton could I get? First Rosa and now Mindy! Hell, I would have tried for Joanne if she wasn't with Tara!'

"Are you okay?" Mindy asked nervously.

"I'm not sure Greg will go along," Jennie said in answer. "He still thinks of you as the sweet kid next door."

"But you like the idea?" Mindy asked.

"Yes," Jennie said with a shake of her head. "I'd have to be crazy not to."

"Thanks!" Mindy grinned. "I don't have a body like yours, but gymnastics has made me awfully limber."

"That's terrible!" Jennie laughed.

"What's the matter? You don't like flexible?" Mindy teased.

"I love limber!" Jennie continued to laugh. "And you have that gymnast ass. You know, all tight and round!"

"Wait until you see my breasts," Mindy teased. "They may not be that big, but my nipples get really long and hard when I'm excited."

"I can tell," Jennie smiled. "I can make them out through your bathing suit."

"So," Mindy said. "I take it we're agreed?"

"Yes," Jennie swallowed in anticipation. "If we can get Greg to go along."

"Do you really think that's going to be a problem?" Mindy asked, smiling sexy.

"No," Jennie laughed.

They went back to the room and woke Greg up. Dinner was a quick affair since they didn't have guests that night. The kids were exhausted and passed out as soon as their head hit their pillows.

"Since you got to nap," Jennie said. "You can clean the dishes."

"Okay, I'm going," Greg groaned.

Jennie looked at Mindy. The dark haired girl was watching Greg's ass as he walked back to the kitchen.

"You really want him bad!" Jennie whispered. Mindy didn't bother denying it. Jennie pointed toward the girl's room. They both went there quickly.

"Now what?" Mindy asked, smiling nervously. 

"Are you sure you want to do this?" Jennie asked. "I know you want Greg, but if that's all you want..."

Mindy silenced Jennie with a kiss. Jennie gasped, but then pulled the young woman against her. She could feel Mindy's nipples get hard.

"I've been wanting to kiss you all day," Jennie smiled as they broke apart.

"It was a lot better than with Toni Ann," Mindy replied. "Maybe I can convince her to give it another try when we get back. We were awfully young. You're welcome to join in."

"Now that I would like!" Jennie smiled sexily. "Just as long as Greg is involved."

"Let's go see if he's really serious about having another woman join you," Mindy said, obviously excited. She took a step toward her door

"Not yet!" Jennie cried, pulling the girl back.

"What? You want another kiss first?" Mindy asked.
