 Chapter 1

It was a warm and sunny morning. In fact, Jennifer Reynolds thought, it was probably going to be a real scorcher. Jennifer did not look forward to the day's heat and humidity, as she was to graduate from junior college later that day. While upstate New York was generally cool and comfortable, today's forecast called for a temperature and humidity both in the high 90s. The thought of a heavy cap and gown filled her with prospects of heat prostration.

As Jennifer stepped from the shower, she caught sight of herself in the full length mirror on her closet door. She smiled, for in her mind she was a pretty girl. In the minds of the male population of the school, she was astonishingly beautiful. For one thing, she was quite young. Due to a fluke in birthdays, and skipping an elementary school grade, Jennifer was graduating from her junior college only months after her 18th birthday.

Jennifer had honey-blond hair that hung to the middle of her back, and light blue eyes. Her face was a beautiful heart shape, with a small pert nose and large lush lips. Her 36" breasts were quite firm, with large dark nipples that were at least two inches in width and protruded at least an inch, Despite their D-cup size, her breasts did not sag. Her waist was a trim 22," flaring out smoothly into 34" hips. She knew that at 5'4" she was short, and made up for this by never wearing shoes with less than 3" high heels. Jennifer had a short torso, and this gave her a very long leg line. If the high heels caused her firm and rounded derriere and majestic chest to jut out, so much the better.

As Jennifer looked through her closet, she again thought that if she wasn't careful the heat would be unbearable. Some dumb bastard, she thought, was sure to wear a three piece suit under his robes, and end up in the hospital. Accordingly, she first slipped on a tiny pair of lace panties that barely covered her neatly trimmed bush. She then pulled on a light red cotton dress. The dress barely came to mid thigh, and hung loosely from thin "spaghetti" straps, showing considerable cleavage. Then Jennifer laced on some high heeled sandals. After one final approving look in the mirror, Jennifer grabbed her cap and gown, and trotted from the room.

***

By mid-afternoon Jennifer was sitting in the lobby of the Student Union waiting for her guests. It was deliciously cool in the Student Union, after the burning sun in the stadium. God, she thought, why couldn't they hold these things indoors. At least she had the brains to dress comfortably. While she had been uncomfortable, at least she hadn't been as miserable as some of her friends.

The cool air blowing down from an overhead vent soon had her silver dollar size nipples hardening. Looking down, she noticed that they were clearly visible through the thin fabric of her dress. She was sure that several of the men passing by had also noticed, and the thought did not displease her.

Just then, all such ideas passed from her mind, as she saw her mother and her Aunt Margaret come through the door. The three women had decided to meet at the Student Union after the ceremony, rather than spend an afternoon searching for each other in the hot stadium. She was very happy to see them, as they were undoubtedly her best friends in the world.

Aunt Margaret had flown in from her home in Nevada. The past few days she had been staying at Jennifer's mother's house, in a neighboring town. The two women, sisters, had spent the last few days talking and helping Jennifer pack her belongings and removing them from her dorm room.

Several men in the lobby also were noticing the two women walking up to Jennifer, for noticeable they were. For one thing, they were identical twins. For another, they were quite as attractive as Jennifer. Jennifer's mother, Alexandra, and her Aunt Margaret, were only 37 years old, and looked several years younger. They were both wearing light sundresses that showed their figures to perfection. In Alexandra's case, this highlighted a large and beautiful bosom. Margaret's sundress was several inches shorter than her sister's, and showcased gorgeous, long legs. Both women were wearing spike heels. Their dark, curly chestnut brown hair hung shoulder length, framing their faces, with large, dark brown eyes.

The three women hugged and decided to go downstairs to the lunchroom. They got a table, and talked about a variety of topics, including Jennifer's post-graduation plans and a number of the young men walking through. Jennifer was astonished by the explicit manner that her mother and aunt rated the boys. Although, once she thought about it, she realized it was nothing that she and her friends hadn't already done. Then she recognized a face she hadn't seen earlier.

"Bobby, over here. Bobby!" she called out. Bobby, a tall, good looking young man a few years older than Jennifer, heard her voice and looked around. Finally spying her waving hand, he turned to another person, said a few words, and headed their direction. Bobby had apparently felt the same way about the weather as Jennifer. He was wearing white tennis shorts, a white sport shirt, and deck shoes with no socks.

"Hi there, honey.," he said when he got to the table. Then he wrapped his arms around her, picked her up, and gave her a hard kiss on the lips. It lasted long enough to allow him to slip his tongue into her mouth, and he could tell Jennifer enjoyed it. In a few seconds, he set her back down and said, "What's up?"

"Bobby, I'd like to introduce you to my mother and my Aunt Margaret."

Unsurprisingly, Bobby's eyes opened widely and guiltily as he turned around to see the two older women. He had no idea any of Jennifer's relatives were nearby when he had embraced her, and turned bright red. Taking his right hand off of Jennifer's ass, he leaned over the table to shake hands. Alexandra smiled at him, while Margaret chuckled at his discomfort.

"I can safely say that you must be the Bobby that Jennifer has talked so much about.," said her aunt. Turning to her sister, she said, "Jennifer and Bobby have been going together all semester, you said?"

Bobby was saved from further embarrassment by the approach behind him of a middle aged man. Noticing him, he said, "Dad, I'd like you to meet my girlfriend, Jennifer, and her mother and aunt."

"Pleased to meet you all. Call me Hugh.," he said, smiling.

Although Jennifer wasn't noticing, Alexandra and Margaret certainly were. They both thought that Hugh was quite handsome. He was tall and slim, mid-40s, with graying hair and a graying mustache. Despite the heat and the obviously tailor made suit, he didn't seem to be sweating at all, and not a hair on his perfectly groomed head was out of place. Both women began considering the possibilities.

"I hope we haven't intruded. Bob was simply showing me around the campus." He smiled. "I suspect Bob was now going to see if he could show me the cash register as we went through the cafeteria line."

Alexandra spoke up first. "Please, you haven't intruded at all. Why don't you join us? I don't think either Bobby or Jennifer would mind."

"Really. Please sit down.," Margaret chimed in.

The women shifted around their seats. While Alexandra said this was so "...Bobby and Jennifer can sit together...," Jennifer noticed that when everyone was seated, both her mother and aunt were on opposite sides of Bobby's father, and sitting quite close to him. And Bobby's father wasn't minding at all.

Margaret then asked, "Is your mother here also, Bobby?"

Bobby turned rather somber, and seemed to have a hard time responding. He seemed relieved when his father interceded. "Bob's mother divorced me a few year's ago. She couldn't make it." Hugh seemed somewhat bitter about the matter. "Her only child, and she can't make the time." Looking at Alexandra, he asked, "And Alexandra? Is the same true for you? Your husband couldn't make the time?"

"My husband died six years ago, Hugh."

Hugh looked stricken. "My God, Alexandra. I had no idea. I am so sorry. Please forgive me, and excuse me." He moved his chair back to leave.

Alexandra and Margaret both grabbed an arm and dragged him back to the table. "You had no way to know, Hugh.," said Alexandra. "Please, Hugh, stay."

Margaret then said, "Jim and Alex had a wonderful marriage. But Jim had a heart attack several years ago. I'm sorry your marriage didn't turn out better."

Despite the faux pas, the small group got along well. They shortly got up and got into the cafeteria line, which Hugh insisted on paying for. Jennifer noticed that when they were in the line, both her aunt and her mother just "happened" to bump into Bobby's father. The bumps seemed rather drawn out affairs, more breast and crotch rubs than anything else. But she couldn't be sure, as Bobby hadn't noticed. She smiled to herself. Since she had crossed her legs earlier, Bobby hadn't noticed anything but her thighs and tits. Bobby's father didn't seem to mind the "bumps" either. He just smiled and tried to look down Alexandra's relatively open bodice, and up Margaret's short skirt.

Before long, the afternoon had passed by. Bobby made it a formal ending.

"Uh, Dad. Could I borrow your car? I'd like to take Jennifer, um, out."

"Jennifer, what's wrong with your car?" asked her mother.

Bobby and Jennifer looked at each other a little guiltily before Bobby responded, "Well I was just hoping that..."

"You were just hoping that your good ole Dad would take pity on you and let you take the convertible. Uh, huh.," finished Bobby's father.

"Gee, Dad, don't you remember what it was like to be young?" said a smiling son.

Predictably, Hugh gave a loud snort and sputtered, while Alexandra and Margaret laughed loudly. "Okay wise guy, so how do I get home?"

Before Bobby could speak, Margaret spoke up. "Where are you staying, Hugh?"

"The Holiday Inn."

"Why don't you take Jennifer's car over there. Alex and I can come over later and pick it up."

"Are you sure that won't be a bother? I'd really hate to cause any trouble."

Alexandra responded, "It won't be any trouble. After all, don't you remember what it was like to be young?"

Smiling and shaking his head, Hugh gave in. "All right, I concede. The young whippersnapper gets the convertible. But there's a price. If you want to pick up the keys, you'll have to meet me in the bar for drinks. Shall we say nine?"

Alexandra looked at Margaret and smiled. "Nine it is." 

Chapter 2

Bobby walked around the convertible from where he had opened and closed the door for Jennifer. The car was a late model Cadillac, and his father had already lowered the roof. As he got in, he saw that Jennifer's dress, which naturally showed a good bit of leg, seemed to have ridden up even higher on her thighs.

"So where do you want to go?" she asked.

"I was thinking of taking a drive up to the lake at Tupper Quarry. I figure this is our last chance to see each other, and it's quite pretty up there now."

"Sounds great. But let's stop somewhere and get something to drink. This heat is just Godawful."

"Fine with me."

Bobby started up the car and put it in gear. As he drove out of the parking lot he looked over at Jennifer and realized it really was hot. A fine sheen of sweat seemed to coat her body, and the thin cotton of her dress was glued to her skin. Her nipples stuck out through the fabric. Bobby thought the sight was excellent, and shifted subtly so that his growing erection would not be painful.

Pulling into the parking lot at his apartment, Bobby said, "Just a quick stop. I'll be back in a minute.," and got out.

Jennifer was curious about what the stop was for, but didn't mind. She had also noticed Bobby's erection, and decided to prepare for the evening. Looking around to make sure Bobby couldn't see, she slipped her hands under her dress and pulled off her panties. She noticed that they were quite damp, and not entirely from the heat. Jennifer stuffed the panties in the glove box, and rearranged the skirt, so that it could easily slide up her thighs.

Bobby came out the front door of the apartment carrying a large pile of items. Seeing Jennifer open her door to help he yelled out, "No! No! I've got it taken care of.," and threw the pile in the back seat. Jennifer looked in the back seat and saw several blankets, some towels, and a large and empty cooler. "The Boy Scouts always say to be prepared.," he commented.

A few minutes later they pulled into a convenience store. Hopping out again, he returned with a large bag of ice and three six-packs of cold beer. He put the ice and two of the sixes in the cooler, and gave the rest of the beer to Jennifer. She put the beer on the floor between her feet, and they were off.

Several minutes later they pulled off the main road and began heading for the quarry. Jennifer opened a beer and gave it to Bobby, then opened one for herself. The thin straps of her dress slid down her arms, dropping the front of the dress dangerously low. When Bobby looked over, he could see that the only things holding the dress up were Jennifer's nipples, and even they were beginning to show. At least the top edge. In addition, Jennifer's skirt had ridden very high up her legs. Only the front was still in place over her pussy, where Jennifer was holding her beer. It seemed obvious that she couldn't possibly be wearing panties.

This sight had an immediate effect on Bobby. His erection became painfully large, and he finished the beer almost instantly. As she passed him another, Jennifer thought of her selection of Bobby, smiling to herself.

Jennifer had not been a virgin for a number of years, and had learned to truly enjoy sex. After her freshman year boyfriend, a year ahead of her, had graduated, she had begun the school year by a series of what she referred to as "auditions". After all, she had standards to maintain, and even if she could have any boy on campus, she didn't want just "any" boy. The lucky young fellow must be fairly bright, sensitive, good looking, and be a really good fuck. After finding several likely candidates, she gave them private "horizontal interviews". She had several criterion for a really good fuck. First the boy must not pump three times and fall asleep. If nothing else, she considered this rude. Second, while quality is in general better than quantity, Jennifer wanted both. She loved a big cock. Third, he must have stamina, being able to fuck her repeatedly all night long.

After a couple months of "auditioning" suitable candidates, Jennifer settled on Bobby. He was sweet, discrete, hung like a horse, and could seemingly fuck all night. They went together for the balance of the school year.

Bobby finished his beer as he pulled into the quarry. Taking another beer from Jennifer, he skillfully drove the car down a narrow path towards the rear of the quarry. "I found this place last year.," he told Jennifer. "What with it being so out of the way, the middle of the week, and a school night for the high schoolers, I figure it should be pretty quiet."

"Private, too.," she responded, smiling. "Maybe we can take a swim."

He smiled back. "Maybe."

Shortly, he stopped the car at a small opening to the abandoned quarry. Getting out, they took the blankets down to the shoreline. Then he went back to the car and brought back the towels and beer, while Jennifer spread out the blankets. By the time Bobby had set down the towels and beer, Jennifer was stretched out on the blanket, looking up at him. Her dress by now was just barely covering her crotch and nipples. Bobby stood there for a second, then kicked off his shoes and pulled off his shirt.

"Planning on a swim now?" Jennifer asked.

Dropping down in front of her, Bobby smiled. Kneeling before her, he undid the zipper on his pants and pushed them down to his knees. "No. Planning on fucking you now." Jennifer loved the sight of his cock. It was huge, at least 10" long and 2" wide. She could clearly see the veins pulsing along the sides. It seemed to throb. Beneath hung two large testicles, seemingly engorged with the come he planned to spend.

"Go for it, big boy.," Jennifer returned. A small shrug dropped the dress completely down, exposing her massive aroused breasts, and she gave a slight tug to the hem, flipping it up to her waist.

Kneeling down between her spread legs, Bobby didn't waste any time on foreplay. He didn't need any, and her rigidly erect nipples told him Jennifer didn't either. Positioning his cock at the entrance to her pussy, he gave one massive thrust and sank in the full length. Jennifer gave a loud moan and wrapped her arms around his neck. Bringing her legs up, she began to rub the heels of her spike-heeled sandals on the sides of his heaving ass.

God, he thought, that feels good. His cock was engulfed in hot juices. Reaching down and cupping her ass in his hands, he withdrew almost completely, then plunged forward again. Feeling the goad of her heels on his ass, he entered into a fast rhythm of pulling out till the head had almost slipped out and diving in so fast his balls were slapping on her ass cheeks. Her pussy seemed impossibly hot and tight, and he knew he was going to come massively.

Jennifer was moaning heavily, and her breathing was labored. Bobby's massive strokes were bringing her to a fever pitch. Her pussy grabbed at his cock, but the slick, flowing juices prevented a firm grasp. Her nipples, which she had thought hard before, now felt like bullets digging into his chest. Suddenly she tightened her arms around Bobby's neck, as her body began to spasm. Her legs tightened, the spike-heels driving him into her twitching cunt. Raggedly she cried out, "I'm coming!"

Jennifer's spasming pussy drove Bobby over the edge. Plunging in, his back arched, his eyes shut and his lips drawn back, he seemed to pump gallons into her steaming cunt. Once the moment had passed, he opened his eyes and looked down on her. Seeing her angelic face smiling up at him, he lowered himself down and kissed her. When he moved to withdraw his shrinking manhood, she said "No" and wrapped her legs around his waist, locking the ankles.

"I'm not done with you yet, Bobby. That was only the beginning.," she said. Jennifer knew what Bobby was capable of and what he liked, and proceeded to put that knowledge into action. Keeping her legs wrapped around his waist, she began a rhythmic squeezing action in her cunt. 

Bobby's eyes widened as his drained and softening member felt the new sensations. He had never before met a woman with this kind of control over the muscles in her pussy. Next she began to undulate and squirm on the blanket, all the while maintaining the squeezing of his cock by her twat. Bobby's cock began to stiffen rapidly.

Silently, she slid her legs down, and with the tips of her heels, slid his shorts and underwear off his body. Straightening her legs, she rolled him over until he was on his back. Then she drew up her legs so that she was now straddling him. Jennifer then sat up, grabbed the hem of her dress, and pulled it over her head. Knowing her boyfriend's tastes, she decided to wear the heels as long and as often as possible tonight.

Bobby reached over and grabbed the towels. Forming a makeshift pillow, he positioned it under his head. He loved watching Jennifer fuck him like this. He couldn't believe that despite the movements, despite the rolling, despite the undressing, her cunt was still squeezing and releasing so rhythmically. It almost felt alive, and his cock seemed to stretch to an even greater length.

Jennifer decided this fuck would last longer. Bobby had put a pillow under his head so he could watch, and she decided to put on a good show. Her pelvis began moving, first forwards and backwards, then side to side, and finally in a circular fashion. She mixed the movements, and alternated them, all the while slowly raising up on her knees and slowly sinking back down.
