 Jennifer had been warned about being a cockteaser.

The attractive petit blonde had a habit of going about scantily dressed giving the impression she was advertising her wares.

This was not the case as those who really knew her understood. She was just a carefree free-spirit without a care in the world.

Jennifer had the world by the tail as the freshman had been admitted to university to begin her studies in Fine Arts.

Jennifer was not encumbered with a boyfriend and was a free-agent as far as her love life was concerned. 

Nor was she shy as she willingly volunteered to model for Professor Cudmore's nude figure painting classes and was one of the university cheerleading squad's most provocative members. 

Jennifer was a tempting morsel waiting to be taken.

One of Jennifer's few bad habits was smoking. She did not smoke a lot, less than a pack a day, but she had to have her daily fixes.

It was 10pm and she was alone in the apartment, her roommate was out with her boyfriend. Jennifer had smoked her last cigarette over an hour ago and was trying to ignore the craving for another puff. Finally she gave in and decided to run down to the Mini Mart to get a package of DuMaurier's. 

It was a warm night so Jennifer saw no need to change. All she wore was her gray track pants and a loose fitting tank top. The only one she would see that knew her would be Frank the store clerk and he had seen her casually dressed many times.

Going through the alley cut half-a-block off her trip. Sure it was dark and deserted but she was a big girl and not afraid of the boogey-man.

Whistling cheerfully Jennifer turned into the dark alley. 

All looked safe enough, only that old dark colored van parked halfway down the narrow lane.

There was three feet of space on the right side of the van so Jennifer veered right to pass it. She had just passed the rear bumper when the side door rolled open and a huge figure of a man jumped out in her path.

The figure had a balaclava pulled down over his face and all Jennifer could see were his big black hands grabbing her. She was brutally dragged into the van where her attacker's accomplice was waiting.

The door slammed shut as the engine started. The van pulled away with its prey trapped inside.

A hand went up under Jennifer's top filling itself with her left breast. She struggled to get free but she was no match for the powerful hulk holding her.

The pain was excruciating as he brutally squeezed her tender boob.

"Please, you're hurting me!" she cried.

The other hand yanked down her track pants and panties in one swift motion. Jennifer was now bare from her waist to he knees.

Jennifer knew what they wanted, her body!

The body she had been saving for when that "right" man came along. She could give him her virginity, the greatest gift of all.

Now these bastard niggers were going to steal this from her.

Jennifer was not prejudice against black people and she had a few black friends. It was just that her cherry was to be taken by a black cock.

The van had now left her neighborhood and was speeding down unfamiliar streets racing to its destination. 

Jennifer's attacked had wrestled all her clothes off and she was now naked in the back of the van.

"Where are you taking me?" she wept as her captor mauled her nude body.

"The brothers are going to gang-bang you!" he grinned.

He had taken of the balaclava revealing his shiny shaved black head and big white teeth. He was obviously very pleased with his catch.

Jennifer panicked finding out there was more than two of them. They were taking her somewhere where God knows how many guys were waiting to fuck her. 

The van turned into an industrial park and headed for a trucking company yard at the bottom end of the road.

Pulling between two parked semi-trailers the van stopped and the engine was turned off.

A lone dog barked somewhere in the distance. The sliding van door opened and there were four black guys staring in at the naked blonde.

"Hot dog!" someone yelled as they scrambled to get into the van with their victim.

There were suddenly a large number of hands mauling Jennifer's body, fingers exploring her every opening and hands kneading her soft flesh like pizza dough. 

She was forced onto her back on an old blanket of the floor of the van. Powerful hands pulled her legs open and pinned her wrists to the floor. 

The first guy to mount her was huge. She felt the enormous head of his cock parting her pussy lips. With one might thrust her virginity vanished.

Jennifer screamed out in pain as her pussy went from untouched to extra-large in one plunge of the big black cock into her womanhood. Her deflowering had been especially painful by the callous invasion of such an uncaring enormous cock. It was not at all like she had imagined it on her wedding night, the man of her dreams gently claiming what was rightfully his.

This unwelcome rapist's cock had stolen that all way from her and she hated him for it. She lies lifeless in an attempt to deny him the pleasure of her body moving on his erection.

Jennifer's mind had shifted from her lost virginity to the real possibility of pregnancy. 

As she was abstaining from intercourse she had not need to be taking birth control pills. Now she had a big black cock about to spay nigger cum all over her ovaries.

Her fears were interrupted by an enormous black cock slapping across her mouth. Obviously this second cock wanted to use her mouth.

Jennifer had never sucked a cock in her life and the thought of putting such a vile object in her mouth repulsed her.

A powerful thumb and finger squeezed her nostrils closed. As she gasped for her breath the cock plunged into her open mouth.

"Oh God don't let me get pregnant!" she thought as her tongue subconsciously wrestled the cock filling her mouth.

Jennifer could feel the cock throbbing inside her vagina, preparing to flood her womb with potent sperm.

Other than being black she knew nothing of these men who were using her for their disgusting gratification. What right had they to violate her unblemished body?

Looking up through the darkness in the back of the van she could make out the figure of another black man crouched over her, his hard cock in his hand, jerking it while he waited his turn to immerse it in her.

"Oh God this is never going to end!" she thought as the cock between her legs began to increase speed going in and out her wet sheath, he was about to come!

She felt the guy on top of her stiffen and a warm sensation deep inside her womanhood. It was done! He was ejaculating into her.

Jennifer moaned in despair as surge after surge of potent sperm flooded her ovaries.

She had little time to be distressed at her misfortune before thick, salty brine began filling her mouth.

In a matter of seconds her tongue and teeth were awash in a sea of stringy slimy mucus. In a desperate effort to remove it from her taste buds Jennifer swallowed.

The thick jism slid down her throat like a lumbering snail on its way into her belly. 

It wasn't fair as these cocks were too big for a virgin's first time. Jennifer always thought her gift would be taken tenderly by a caring lover, not brutally by a pack of wild animals. She begins to sob as the second lurking hulk positioned himself between her legs.

He entered her easier as her cunt had been stretched and was dripping with her first attacker's cum. His cock slid into place as he grasped her ankles and placed them on his broad shoulders. He now had a direct path into her intimate depths. 

"Oomph!" she gasped as ten inches of hard, black cock slammed into her.

The enormous monster proceeded to use her soft warm cunt without feeling as it was just a convenient place to deposit his slime.

Jennifer started reacting to the presence of the cock in her most sensitive place. She found her pelvic muscles involuntarily contracting on the foreign invader. Her vaginal walls spasm as the huge ebony log forcefully slid deeper inside of her.

In the impossible position of having her legs raised onto her attacker's shoulders she was defenseless against his intrusion.

God he was a long ways into her, Jennifer felt as if he went any further his cockhead would be coming out through her mouth!

"Oh yes!" she moaned.

It was no longer rape as the cute little blonde surrenders to the huge black monster in her.

"Fuck me you black bastard!" she defiantly groaned.

Her attacked needed no encouragement, realizing his victim had been vanquished er vaginal walls H

The sensation in Jennifer's pussy was familiar yet different. She did not have control of it and it kept building as the pace of the cock in her increased. It was taking her to an orgasm whether she wanted it or not.

In an effort to hasten her climax Jennifer began to actively participate in their fucking. Her hips started gyrating attempting to move the cock inside of her in a circular motion as she bucked upwards onto the thick pole. She felt so wonderfully full of cock. 

Pregnancy was no longer her concern as her womb was already full of black baby sperm and there would be a lot more added to it. She decided what was to be would be and she may as well enjoy the experience as much as possible.

How many girls' dream was it to be gang-banged by a group of black bulls? Here it was happening to her. 

"Can I get on top?" Jennifer asked.

The big black buck on top of her looked confused, "Eh?"

"I want to get on top and ride your cock!" Jennifer explained.

The black bull rolled overtaking the petite blonde with him still impaled on his cock. Jennifer found herself on top, straddling the stud's groin resting on ten inches of hard cock inside of her.

Jennifer was now in control of the cock in her. As two big black hands grasped her by her narrow waist she began to rise and fall on the enormous shaft skewering her.

God it felt good! The thickness of it, the seemingly unending length, Jennifer revealed in the luxury of the huge cock.

Her small white ass rode the black bull's cock like a rodeo bronco rider desperately trying to remain in control. 

The black cock erupted like a volcano captured in her tight cunt. Gushers of thick sticky lava shot from its mouth coating her womb with another layer of life giving sperm.

The sensation of being filled again with black seed cause Jennifer to loose it, her orgasm hit her like a clap of thunder.

It was not gentle or kind as it struck her like a powerful fist almost knocking her off the spurting cock anchoring her to her mount. Jennifer's heels tightened around her partner's waist in a desperate attempt to stay on his cock, to receive all of what she had worked so hard for. 

She felt the warm fluid running down her vaginal wall leaking past the throbbing meat still filling her channel. Her hips bucked in a frantic effort to stop the tingling in her cunt. 

"Oh shit!" she groaned as her climax subsided.

Her partner dismounted dragging his spent cock across her belly leaving a trail of unclaimed cum. 

Another gorilla-like male was waiting to replace him.

The next hour was a blur as one after another black bulls mounted her to pump their hot jism into her waiting cunt.

Their cum puddle between her legs as load after load spilled from her overfilled pussy.

Jennifer's orgasms came and went as her body just trembled with the spasms they delivered. She was fucked-out and too weak to react.

Jennifer was allowed to put on her cum soaked track pants before they kicked her out of the van. Her cunt was still dripping with cum and she was bare breasted but only a block from home.

With a little bit of luck she could dash back to her apartment and jump into the shower without anyone seeing her.