 As you may or may not be aware, my ex husband, Rob and I were very active swingers when we were married. The following is an account of one of those swinging experiences.

We had met this couple on the net, but without exchanging facial photos, for safety's sake. 

However we had exchanges quite a few revealing photos. You know the sort, me in sexy lingerie showing just about everything, including the fact I shave my pussy, and body and cock shots of Rob.

In return, their photos were also extremely revealing showing her very slim body nearly naked and a cock shot of him, which had me getting wet just looking at it. 

It looked very long and very thick! 

We agreed to meet Paula & Adrian at their place in Paddington and go on out to dinner together.

Rob and I decided we would stay in the city rather than drive home to our place in the Hills. It's not smart to drink and drive!

Came the night of the meeting and I dressed to kill! Being summer, and warm in Sydney, I wore a short black silk skirt that moulds tightly around my bum and accentuates one of my best features, my legs, particularly when I'm wearing stilettos. Black sleeveless, see through lacy top a with a black, half cup lace bra underneath holding my 38C boobs, and which lets you think you can see more than you actually can. To add just a modem of decorum, I wore a thigh length jacket, just so I didn't actually look like a hooker. After all we were going to stay in Kings Cross, Sydney's seediest night spot suburb, and the home of brothels and street prostitutes! 

We booked into the Wentworth Hotel in William Street, Kings Cross. 

If I was at worried whether I looked OK or not, those doubts were quickly dispensed with as we walked up to reception. The admiring, and sometimes lustful, looks from a lot males, made this 42 year old mother of three teenagers feel exceptionally hot, and horny!

The taxi dropped us of in a beautiful tree lined Paddington street, about 7.30pm as arranged, and being summer it was still quite light. 

Adrian answered the door. He was average height, about 5'10", slim build, not solid and muscular like Rob, and dressed fashionably casual. I'd guess he was in his early forties. His welcoming smile was warm and inviting.

"Welcome you two, it's really lovely to meet you. My Catherine, aren't you the gorgeous one!"

I actually blushed! But it wasn't because of the compliment, it was because I realised he'd caught me looking directly at his crotch while he was greeting us.

I think I stuttered a "thank you" for the compliment as he smiled and led us inside.

Their house was one of those typical Paddington two storey terraces with a long entry hall with all the rooms off to the right. The first room was a large lounge with multi fold doors that opened through to an almost equally large dining room.

Adrian led us into the lounge where Paula was waiting to greet us. 

She was average height, very slim, smallish B cup boobs and long, shapely slender legs. She looked to be mid to late thirties and was also wearing a mini skirt, but hers was the hipster type and she had a cropped, fitted shirt stopping just below and accentuating her pert breasts. It also displayed a section of tanned, flat midriff with pierced and jewellery decorated navel. 

Rob was almost dribbling!

Paula walked across to us, put her arms around me, gave me a hug and a peck on the cheek. 

"Catherine, the photos we exchanged didn't do you justice, you're very beautiful."

This time I did blush because of the compliment. I've often had men pay me compliments, usually to get into my pants, but very rarely a woman.

"Thank you, it's lovely of you to say that Paula," I answered modestly

"You do have a beautiful home." I was glancing around the large room which was obviously expensively furnished in a period style, perfect for the older Paddington terrace. There was a large, ornate marble fireplace in the middle of the external wall and a huge plush rug, in front of the fireplace, which was surrounded by the period style lounge suite. It would have been fabulous to lay on the rug, in front of the fire in winter, but this was summer. The house was lovely and cool.

"Would you like a drink?" Adrian asked, "Scotch, beer, wine?"

"A glass of wine would be lovely thanks," I answered.

"And I'll have a beer if that's OK," Rob said.

"Chardonnay OK Catherine?"

"Fine," I nodded.

"Please, sit down make yourselves comfortable," Paula said "I'll just go and help Adrian with the drinks."

They both left the room and I looked at Rob, he gave me a smile and a wink. Obviously he was happy with what he saw. I winked back, so was I!

After a couple of glasses of wine I was feeling quite mellow and relaxed as Adrian announced the taxi was here to take us to the restaurant.

Adrian, Paula and I got into the back seat, me in the middle, with Rob up front with the driver. It was only a 10 minute drive to the restaurant they had picked, but it was an eventful ride!

The restaurant was one of those small, dim intimate places with a dance floor, which appeared to be crowded already.

After we were seated and drinks ordered, I asked Rob to dance with me. Raising one eyebrow, he agreed, and we sauntered off to the dance floor, which was now even more crowded. Snuggling into his arms I whispered "That was one hot cab ride."

Leaning slightly back he looked down at me and looked at me questionably "What do you mean?"

"Didn't you see what was going on in the back seat of the cab?" I asked incredulously.

"Nope, what happened?"

Heaving a sigh of disbelief, I told him about the taxi ride.

"We had no sooner started off and Adrian put his arm around me, his hand dropping straight onto my right breast. I offered no objection, or resistance, hell why would I, that's what we were here for. He took that as an open invitation, which I guess it was, and immediately started fondling my other breast, squeezing and fondling and rubbing my nipples between his fingers. At the same time he was nuzzling my neck, lightly nipping and sucking. Fuck honey, I was getting horney! Then I felt a hand on my thigh, it had to be Paula! While he was feeling up my tits, she was sliding her hand up my skirt! She didn't waste any time and soon she was rubbing my pussy through my G string, then she pushed the crutch aside and slipped two fingers into me."

I could see, and feel, Rob was getting excited, and aroused!

"What happened next?" he said unbelievingly.

"Hell feeling as horny as I was I opened my thighs, as far as this skirt would let me, so she could have a good go! Unfortunately the cab ride came to an end, with me just about to orgasm. I'm surprised you didn't hear my heavy breathing and moans, or see the taxi driver adjust his rear view mirror so he could get a better look. He would have seen right up my cunt! He's probably off somewhere now, beating his meat!"

"Shit, and I missed all that." Rob sounded crestfallen.

"It got me all wet, feel," I whispered in his ear.

The darkened, crowded dance floor, coupled with my mini skirt enabled Rob to slip his hand up my crutch.

"Fuck, you're sopping wet!" he exclaimed as he started to withdraw his hand.

"Don't! Don't take your hand away!" I demanded. "Just rub me, rub my clit. I'm sooo close and I need to cum!"

He moved the crutch of my G string aside and slid his fingers back and forth across my cunt, flicking my clit. Within a few seconds I shuddered and orgasmed quietly, clamping my thighs together, holding onto him tightly.

Looking up at him I whispered, "Thank you darling, I needed that. May you get your cock buried in Paula's tight little twat tonight."

"Sounds like she might be more interested in you, than me," he said, grinning.

The evening at the restaurant passed quickly. The meal was delicious and between courses we danced, mainly Adrian with me and Rob with Paula. I could see they were getting along well, Rob had his hand permanently fixed on Paula's butt and she was practically raping him on the dance floor.

As for Adrian, I thought he'd bruise my arse and my genital area the way he was pulling me hard against his erection. And it was some erection!

"It's OK Adrian, I do want to fuck you, you don't have to convince me, shoving that mighty rod of yours into my belly!" 

"God Catherine, you're so fucking horny, I want to fuck you here on the dance floor."

"You're practically doing that and if you don't stop we'll end up getting thrown out before we have dessert." I chided him.

"You're my dessert and I want it now," he growled.

"Well you'll just have to wait horny, but you will be rewarded for your patience, I can assure you," I said as I squeezed his cock through his trousers.

"Don't do that or I'll come in my pants," he gasped.

"Save the come for my pussy, or," I said with a pause, "any other orifice I feel like."

I thought he was going to choke as he digested that statement!

After he calmed down I led him off the dance floor back to our table, just in time for the dessert!

The taxi ride back to the house had Adrian in the front seat and Paula, Rob and I were in the back. The ride was basically uneventful, if you discount the fact Paula and Rob were engaging in some pretty heavy foreplay and passionate embraces. Rob had his hand up Paula's skirt and I'm sure, by the way she was squirming around in the seat, he had his fingers stuffed up her cunt. She in turn had unzipped his fly and had a handful of his cock and wasn't letting go.

As I said, the ride was pretty uneventful!

Once back at the house it all got very hot, very quickly. And I'm not talking about the summer temperature!

No sooner were we inside and Rob had Paula on her back on the big floor rug, skirt pushed up to her hips, knickers off, legs spread wide and his head between her thighs tonguing her, as only Rob knows how to do.

Meanwhile, Adrian and I engaged in some pretty heavy exchange of saliva, tongues and hands exploring each other.

We broke apart slightly and I started to undress him, unbuttoning his shirt.

"Let me undress you first," he suggested.

'No!" I said firmly. "We'll do this my way!"

I stood back, hands on hips, my 38D chest heaving.

"Take your clothes off, but slowly," I demanded. I could see his impressive cock was trying to break free of its confines and I wanted to see it, in all its glory. 

Adrian slowly undressed, everything off, leaving his jocks to the last. By this time the head of his cock was poking out of the waist band of his undies.

He slid his jocks down over his hips and his impressive erection came into full view.

I nearly orgasmed there and then!

It wasn't the biggest cock I'd ever seen, but it was going to be the biggest I'd ever had up my cunt! It had to be 9 or 10" long and as thick as a child's wrist. 

When Adrian straightened up from kicking off his undies, it stood up straight and hard, the eye of it pointing directly at me.

I couldn't take my eyes off it! 

Adrian sat down on one of the dining chairs, his cock pointing skyward.

"Now, you undress slowly," he demanded.

I stood before him, my chest heaving, my pussy dripping (that's what it felt like) and started to undress. I unbuttoned my blouse, slipped it off my shoulders and let it drop to the floor. I unzipped my skirt, slid it down over my hips and let it drop to join the blouse. 

I stood there, legs spread apart, in my stilettos, G string and bra.

Adrian was stroking his erection, watching me closely.

I glanced across at Rob and Paula, she had her legs up over his shoulders and he had his cock buried in her, pounding away at her cunt.

I turned back to Adrian, reached behind my back, unclipped my bra and let it join the rest of my clothes on the floor. I then slipped my G string down over my hips and stepped forward as it slipped to my feet.

I was now naked except for my stilettos!

Adrian signalled me forward and I walked to him, still sitting on the dining chair stroking his large cock. I stood in front of him, my knees touching his. He reached for me and pulled me towards him. I had to part my legs and straddle him sitting on the chair.

This was the moment of truth!

He held me tight with one hand and began to suck my breasts. His other hand found its way to my pussy and, with the lips spread apart the way I was straddling him, he slipped three fingers inside easily.

"My god, you're so wet," he whispered.

"I want your cock inside me," I whispered back fiercely.

With that said I put my hands on his shoulders and started to lower myself down, my legs spreading further apart, knees bending, until I felt his cockhead nudging at my opening. I looked back over my shoulder at Rob. Both he and Paula were sitting naked on the rug watching us.

I turned back to Adrian, looked into his eyes and lowered myself onto his huge weapon. The head probed at my opening and then, without any movement from him, just me sliding down, the massive head forced its way into my cunt.

I drew a sharp breath, almost in pain. 

I did say almost!

The feeling was like nothing I'd ever felt before! 

I felt full already but there was only about an inch or two in my cunt! 

I hesitated, scared to lower myself any further. Adrian just looked up at me and smiled.

"When you're ready sweetheart, don't rush it," he whispered.

"I'm so full already," I said, startled.

"It's OK, you'll open up, just take your time."

I regained my composure, and realised I wanted more of this wonderful cock. I wrapped my arms around his neck and began to lower myself down further. Then, almost like it had been this full before, my cunt opened right up and accepted this tool into my very depths.

I orgasmed the moment it hit bottom and flooded this wonderful tool with my juices.

"Oh my god! Oh Christ, I'm cumming! Oh fuck, don't move! Oh jesus, this is unbelievable. Oh Christ, oh fuck!" I realised abruptly I was screaming. I didn't care, I wasn't being fucked, I was fucking this huge cock and it was driving me insane with lust!

I started to move slowly up then pushing back down, slowly up then back down and all the time my body was experiencing a wonderful tingling sensation all over and my cunt was flooding his cock with my juices.

I don't know how many times I orgasmed or whether it was just one continuing orgasm. All I know was I was in heaven, my body in a blissful orgasmic state, my breasts tingling, my nipples jutting out like hard bullets, a flush over the entire upper half of my body and my legs no longer supporting me.

My entire body was being supported by this wonderful cock in my cunt!

All this time Adrian had hardly moved a muscle, except for minute movements of the one buried inside me.

I slumped against his shoulder, my body weak and lifeless. I felt spent!

Adrian slipped his arms underneath my knees and, with my arms still wrapped around his neck, his cock still deep inside me, he lifted me effortlessly and carried me to the big rug. With a little help from Rob they gently laid me down on my back, my legs still spread wide open. 

Never at any stage did Adrian's cock leave my pussy!

Rob and Paula were now either side of me, Rob with an erection, turned my face towards his cock and automatically I opened my mouth and accepted him, licking and sucking his, and her, juices.

Paula, meantime, had stretched herself out at right angles to my body and was kneading my breasts and suckling, like a baby, on my nipples 

Kneeling between my spread thighs Adrian again lifted my legs, but this time lifting them up to his shoulders, and started to fuck me. He began slowly moving his wonderful tool back and forth, almost the entire length each time, so I felt the fabulous slow, piston like, sensation of the head at my cunt lips then travelling into the depths, 'til it hit my cervix. Being as thick as it was, I felt my cunt walls had a firm, sleeve like, grip around the entire length. 

I don't know how it felt for him, but for me it was like nothing I'd ever felt before!

He gradually increased the speed of his thrusting, getting faster and more urgent.

Watching Adrian pump into me was too much for Rob, and with his cock in my mouth, he shot his load down my throat. 

I swallowed it all!

I was the perfect slut being pampered by three!

I began to orgasm continuously again!

I started screaming obscenities!

"Fuck me! Fuck me hard, you bastard! Give me your big load in my cunt! Fill me with your cum! Make it come out my mouth!"

You get the drift, I was off the planet!

After, what seemed I don't know how long, he stiffened and rammed it hard into me and unloaded a huge amount of spunk into my unprotected cunt. There was so much of it, that first spurt, by his second spurt it was already leaking out and down the crack of my arse and he just kept pumping it into me.

With praises to the lord, such as; "Oh god I'm cummimg again! Oh Christ, don't let this stop! Oh god! Oh god!" 

I blacked out momentarily, as I often do when I've been fucked so thoroughly (after all our years of marriage, I still black out sometimes after Rob and I have had really good sex).

As I came back into the land of the living, Adrian was just withdrawing his softening cock from my crevice, leaving a trail of spunk dribbling from my cunt. Lying flat on my back, my legs still spread, I was totally sated. Then I sensed somebody between my open thighs, looked down and Paula was just lowering her mouth to my dribbling cunt!

She was going to lick up her husband's, and my, spunk!

Her tongue started lapping from my arsehole, licking up the trail to my cunt. When she reached my, now wide opening, her mouth fastened onto my pussy and she started sucking and swallowing. I reached down and held her head firmly against my pussy.

I didn't want to lose her when I started bucking!

I looked over her and saw Rob positioning himself behind her, between her outstretched thighs.

She moaned as I felt him enter her, her body bucking and stiffening slightly, then settling into a beautiful rhythm, of thrusts from him, transferring into sucking from me.

I didn't know at this stage, Rob was fucking her in the arse! 

I lay back and just enjoyed the continuing attention. My pussy juices were flowing non stop. I was amazed I could produce so much fluid.

Adrian came and sat behind me, I lifted my head to his lap and he reached over and began massaging my 38D breasts, pinching and squeezing, my bullet like, nipples.

Now I was in heaven and I began to fall into an orgasmic state again, my cunt spewing out copious juices again.

I'm not sure who came first or whether we all came together. I know I felt Paula's body stiffen as she orgasmed and her mouth clamped hard on my cunt. That tipped me over the edge and I screamed in orgasmic bliss! But I'm not sure whether she was triggered by Rob thrusting hard, shooting his load deep into her arse or whether she just blew because she was sucking me.

I really didn't give a shit, I was happy and fulfilled! I could go home smiling.

After a little while we all disentangled ourselves. Paula went of to the bathroom, come dribbling out of her arse, Rob sat up and leaned back against a lounge and I went searching for the other downstairs toilet with, would you believe, come still dribbling out of me. I thought Paula had sucked and swallowed it all!

Adrian was waiting for me as I came out of the toilet.

"Catherine, could we do it again please? I've never fucked anyone like you, your pussy's like a vice, it's so tight. I've got to be honest, at first I didn't think I'd get it in you. But once it was in, it was heaven, like I had a tight slippery sleeve around my cock."

Hmmm, thought that's what I felt!

I looked into his eyes. 

"Adrian of course you can fuck me again. And again, and again and again. But could I have a glass of wine first please? I think my throats dry from all my screaming. Oh, and by the way, the reason my pussy's so tight is although I have three children unfortunately all were caesareans I wasn't able to deliver normally. So my pussies never been stretched, except by cocks, and none as big as yours, big boy."
