 Chapter XI: BEACH PARTY!

Dan walked up to Jennifer as she stood in the doorway. He drew her into his arms, feeling her full breasts pressing into his chest. His hands moved over her back as they exchanged a wet, passionate kiss, and from the feel of her skin, he knew she was naked under her skirt and T-shirt. 

Jennifer smiled sexily at him as he looked into her eyes. "I decided against a bathing suit." she said, her eyes bright and burning. "I have a feeling that there won't be a lot of swimming going on tonight..."

Dan nodded in agreement, glancing down at her hard nipples pushing out from her shirt.

"And if you do decide to get wet, you'll look fabulous in what you have on....", he said. Jennifer smiled and ran her hand over his flat belly, moving slowly lower until it slid over his hard cock. She squeezed him lovingly before moving lower to cup his re-filled balls.

"I definitely plan on getting wet tonight..." she teased, her hand returning to his cock. "But not from the water...." Dan groaned at this new slutty side of Jennifer. He wondered how he would handle watching his girlfriend suck off another boy. To say nothing of watching her suck off more than one.

He had to admit that the thought of watching her giving blow jobs to a group of boys excited him as much as listening to Shannon describe her own experience. But thinking about it and watching it were two completely different things. He hoped he would be able to maintain his free thinking attitude when the time came.

As if sensing his thoughts, Jennifer looked up into his eyes with concern. Her hand stayed on his cock, teasing and stroking him through his bathing suit.

"Are you okay?" she asked sincerely. Dan nodded and tried to smile as he hugged her to him. The two held each other tightly until they heard the sounds of Shannon being greeted by Randy and Steve. Jennifer leaned back and looked into his eyes once again.

"Anytime you want me to stop, just tell me...okay?" she whispered. "You are the most important thing in my life right now. I won't do anything to upset you..." She kissed his lips lightly, and waited for his response. Dan looked down at her and grinned.

"I want to watch you..." he said softly. 

His response made Jennifer grin broadly. She'd been prepared to cancel the whole thing, but she was ecstatic that Dan was into the scene. She kissed him passionately, pressing her pussy against his hard cock and moving them from side to side. Dan groaned and let his palms move over her asscheeks, urging her on.

Jennifer removed her lips from his and began to run her tongue along his neck and into his ear. They were both panting heavily, and Dan groaned as Jennifer slipped her hand into the top of his suit.

"You want to watch me sucking those hard cocks, don't you?" she panted into his ear. Her hand began to move up and down his naked cock as she teased him. She felt him nod against her cheek and she grinned. "You want to see me swallow all that cum...see all those guys jerking off on my face and tits...you want to see that don't you...?" Again, Dan nodded as Jennifer leaned away from him and looked into his eyes. With her free hand, she pulled the top of his suit out and down, allowing his long, thick cock to spring free. She wrapped both of her hands around it, pumping him as she grinned at him.

"It excites me, too, Dan.." she whispered, staring at his glistening cock as it slid through her fingers. "I want to act like a slut. I've always been one...in my mind, you know...." Jennifer sounded dreamy, as if she was someplace far away.

"I've always dreamed of being surrounded by hard, throbbing cocks...nameless cocks...faceless men waiting their turn to shoot their hot cum into my mouth...or on my face...my tits... Again and again...until I was covered with it...oh....fuck....mmmmm...I want it so bad...."

Her stroking slowed and her eyes opened as if waking from a trance. She looked up at Dan's excited eyes and grinned sheepishly. "I've never shared that with anyone before..." she whispered, squeezing his cock. Dan grinned back and hugged his girlfriend.

"And I've never shared my girlfriend before..." he said soothingly. "But I have a feeling that we're both going to enjoy tonight...."

"I get the same feeling...." Jennifer breathed, "I get it right here...." Grasping Dan's quivering hand, she drew it down between her thighs. Looking him in the eye, she placed his palm on her inner thigh and pulled his hand higher. Dan's eyes narrowed to slits as she drew his hand up until he felt the heat of her wet pussy. 

Jennifer smiled sexily as Dan's eyes widened in surprise. He took a sharp intake of breath as he realized he was cupping a newly shaven pussy. He groaned and moved his hand over her mound, his cock throbbing in her other hand as he explored her smooth, hairless cunt.

"I was going to surprise you..." Jennifer said, her own excitement showing in her voice. "But I couldn't wait..."

Dan sighed and slid his finger between her pussy lips, marveling at how wet she was right then. The smoothness of her mound excited him beyond anything he'd ever felt. He stared into her eyes as he fucked his finger in and out of her.

"Trust me..." he moaned, "I'm surprised..."

Jennifer tried to smile but could only manage a grimace. Her hips began to move in time with Dan's finger, rolling them back and forth against his probing finger. They made for a very erotic sight as they stood on the patio masturbating each other. Dan felt the cum rising in his balls and decided that it would be better to wait. He'd come so many times already that day, he honestly didn't know how much more he could produce. This girl was pushing him to his limits. And he was loving every moment of it!!

"We'd better go..." he panted into her ear. At the same time he slid another finger into her pussy, loving the way she fucked her hips against him.

"Just a little more..." Jennifer breathed, her hips beginning to fuck faster and faster against his hand. She could feel her orgasm rising inside her. Dan could feel it too, and began to thrust his two fingers in and out of her...harder....faster...as her breathing increased.

Jennifer released her grip on his hard-on and clasped both hands around his neck, using him for support as she fucked herself onto his fingers.

As she let go a long low wail, Dan felt her cover his fingers with her cum juices. As his hand became soaked, he could hear the sound of his palm slapping wetly against her newly shaven mound. It made his cock throb mightily as he rubbed it against her outer thigh. He grinned as Jennifer collapsed against his chest and into his arms.

"Oh....Dan....god....you are so fucking good....." Jennifer panted into his shoulder. She tilted her head back and kissed him passionately, running her hand up and down his hard shaft until they both heard the calls of the other three.

Coming slowly to her senses, Jennifer realized that it was already dusk. Randy, Steve and Shannon were calling to them to get a move on.

"Plenty of time for that later!" Shannon called with a laugh.

"Not that we didn't enjoy the previews..." Steve yelled. Randy laughed with them and motioned for Dan and Jennifer to follow. Putting his arms around Shannon and his brother, he directed them through the gate and to the driveway.

By the time Jennifer and Dan had composed themselves enough to follow, they found their three friends sitting in the van, impatient looks on all of their faces.

"It took you guys long enough!" Randy shouted good-naturedly. "We want to have some fun too, you know..."

Jennifer laughed as she stepped into the back of the van. She smiled as she saw Randy's eyes drop to her long legs as her skirt rode high. She paused for a moment, letting him get a long look at her thighs, and at the same time, letting Dan take in her pose from the back. She knew her skirt was short enough to allow him a look at the lower half of her ass cheeks in this position. Leaning over Randy's shoulder, she ran her tongue along his cheek. "So...go ahead...have some fun..." she teased. She reached down to his thigh, sliding her hot hand upwards until she ran her palm over his hard-on. Squeezing it rhythmically, she slipped her tongue between his lips.

"I this for me...?" she teased, stroking his cock through his shorts. Randy laughed a little nervously and brought his hand up to cup her breast through her T shirt. 

"Anywhere you want it, sugar..." her moaned into her mouth. Jennifer smiled as she kissed him, then sighed as she felt Steve's hands moving over her body. One came up to grasp her other breast as the other slid up the back of her thighs. Jennifer shivered, getting a feeling of what the evening was going to bring.

She'd never seen a gang bang, much less been involved in one. Her heart was pounding furiously as three hands moved over her young body.

"You'd better drive..." she whispered into Randy's open mouth, "Or we're never going to make it out of the driveway...."

Randy's eyes opened slightly. The look he gave her told he wouldn't mind if they simply stayed put where they were, but he also knew he had to make it to the beach. There was magic in the air and this was definitely going to be a night to remember. He groaned and pulled his hand away from Jennifer's fine tit. Turning to the front, he gripped the wheel in a death grip before turning the ignition.

As the engine roared to life, Jennifer turned her face to Steve. She kissed him wetly on the lips as she felt Randy put the van in drive and begin the short journey to the beach. Steve kept his hand on Jennifer's breast and brought his other hand higher, slipping his thumb between her pussy lips as Randy pulled out of the drive. Jennifer sighed and ground her hips lower, pushing Steve's thumb deep into her pussy.

"I'm going to suck your cock tonight..." Jennifer panted, reaching down to squeeze his bulge. "I'm going to suck you off....and swallow your hot, thick cum...." Steve groaned and began to move his thumb around inside Jennifer's tight pussy walls. She began to breathe faster, enjoying his thumb-fucking, until Randy made a wide turn onto the interstate. The motion of the turn made her lose her balance, and she fell back, onto the carpet.

Rolling into the sliding door, she began to giggle and laugh, unable to get her bearings. The whole evening was becoming very surrealistic for her.

Finally able to regain her sense of balance as Randy straightened out the van, Jennifer stayed on the carpet, looking up to see Dan and Shannon smiling at her. Shannon was laying across Dan's legs, her head on his belly. His suit was around his ankles and his hard cock was sticking up into the air like a flag -pole. Shannon had her fingers wrapped around him, stroking him slowly as she smiled at her girlfriend.

"You don't mind if I suck your boyfriend's cock do you...?", she smiled. Keeping her eyes locked on Jennifer's, Shannon opened her mouth wide and slid Dan's hard on between her lips. She continued to smile at Jennifer as she began to move her mouth up and down Dan's full shaft. Jennifer stared at her friend, feeling her heart begin to race as she watched her boyfriend's cock slide in and out of Shannon's full, red lips.

The two girls kept their eyes glued to one another as Shannon sucked Dan's cock. She knew how close he was from Jennifer's teasing earlier, and she was determined to make him come off in her mouth as Jennifer watched. Jennifer realized this as she watched Shannon move her lips up and down Dan's shaft.....faster and faster...her eyes never losing their contact with Jennifer's. Jen smiled at her friend, wordlessly giving her the "okay". As the van rumbled down the highway, Jennifer leaned against the sliding door and let her legs open wide, exposing her pussy to Dan and Shannon. Still smiling, she dropped her hand to her crotch, gently rubbing her clit and outer lips as Shannon sucked Dan's cock

As she noticed Dan's hips begin to move, a sure sign that he was close, Jennifer brought her hands up to her shoulders. Keeping her eyes fixed on Shannon's, she slipped the thin cotton off her shoulders.

Shannon watched excitedly as Jennifer pulled her shirt lower. Her eyes narrowed as Jennifer's firm tits came into view. The feeling of Dan's cock in her mouth, combined with the sight of Jennifer stripping for them both was making her hotter than hot. Normally, she liked to watch a boys face as he came in her mouth, but Shannon couldn't tear her eyes from Jennifer. Holding her head still, she allowed Dan to fuck her mouth with long, slow, deep strokes.

Shannon felt like smiling, but Dan's cock was stretching her lips so far that she couldn't. She continued to let him fuck her lips until she felt him begin to quiver and shake. Moving her hand up to cup his full balls, she felt him convulse. At the same time, she felt his hot cum coursing through his shaft....erupting in her mouth like a geyser.

"Mmmmmm....." she moaned, as her mouth filled with Dan's seed. Finally allowing herself to smile, her lips parted, letting Dan's thick cum pour over her lips and onto her cheek.

Jennifer's fingers were thrusting in and out of her sopping cunt as she watched her boyfriend come in Shannon's mouth. "Hot...thick...fucking cum....Hot thick...fucking cum...." she chanted over and over as her own orgasm washed over her. She fucked herself with her fingers as she watched Dan smear Shannon's face with his ejaculation. Her excitement only intensified as she saw Steve out of the corner of her eyes.

Obviously, he'd been watching the goings-on in the back of the van. His cock was naked and pointing at Jennifer as he made his way closer. His hand was flying up and down his shaft as he grinned at Jennifer and knelt in front of her.

"Give it to me...!" Jennifer cried as Steve's cock erupted. She shouted out in ecstasy as she felt Steve's hot spray hit her breasts. Cupping her tits in both hands, she offered them to Steve.....his cum splashing wetly onto her chest. She giggled as she rubbed the thick fluid into her skin, squealing delightedly as she felt his cum hit her face.

Returning her attention to Shannon and Dan, she watched as Shannon lovingly slurped up the cum that she'd missed, licking it from Dan's belly and legs and swallowing noisily. Jennifer leaned forward, capturing Steve's still hard cock into her mouth and sucking the last bits of semen from his pole.

Both girls had just finished their preliminary snack when they felt the van pull to a stop. Caught up in the excitement of the moment, Jennifer hadn't even noticed the bumpy ride to the beach. Her heart began to pound as she wiped Steve's cum from her lips.

They had arrived. They were at the beach.

Outside she could hear the sound of boys and girls partying. A loud cheer rang out from the crowd as Randy opened his door and stepped out. Jennifer, for the first time that evening, began to get nervous. It sounded as if there was a hundred people out there....

"Party time ladies...!" Randy said, in his party voice. "Time to get down!!"

Jenifer almost fell backwards as she felt the sliding door open behind her. Quickly gathering her wits, she pulled her T-shirt up and over her breasts as the door slid open. She gave herself up as she felt two strong hands lifting her from the van like she was light as a feather. Turning to her rescuer, she looked into the eyes of a handsome, smiling stranger.

The night was just beginning, she felt.....

* * * * *

Jennifer looked around her as her eyes adjusted to the dim light. The sun was painting the sky a wonderful shade of orange and red, and a full moon was just coming up over the dunes behind them. But most catching was the flickering light of the blazing bonfire that illuminated the area. Rock music was blaring from a number of vehicles that were parked in a circle around the fire.

As she looked around her, Jennifer saw a large number of boys and girls laughing and dancing, both in groups and in couples. After thanking her two "rescuers", she sat in the doorway of the van and took in the sight. A number of young men were milling around the van, letting their eyes move slowly over Jennifer's body and she smiled sexily back at them. When she felt Dan's strong hand on her shoulder, she turned and looked at him with a nervous grin.

"I didn't realize there'd be so many kids here tonight..." she whispered to him. Dan answered with a reassuring grin, his hand moving over her back and shoulders in a comforting way.

"To be honest...either did I..." he said, his eyes moving over the crowd. Like Jennifer, he recognized a number of the faces from school, but most of the kids were strangers to him. Rangeview students, he guessed. He was pleased to note, though, that there was a fairly large contingent of female students here tonight. And from the looks of it, they were very ready to party...

"Look over there..." he whispered to Jennifer, keeping his hand on her shoulder. Jennifer turned in the direction he was pointing and saw a couple making out passionately by the fire. Jennifer felt her heart rate quicken as she spied on the couple. They were both wearing bathing suits...the boy in a pair of baggies, and the girl wearing a black bikini that seemed to shimmer in the firelight.

They seemed oblivious to the crowd that surrounded them as their faces moved against one another. And, as the fire flared, Jennifer could plainly see the boys hand moving inside the top of the girl's bikini. As she watched, she saw the boy reach behind the back of his date and undo the bow that held her top together, then return his hands to her front. There was no protest from the girl. In fact their passionate kissing increased as the girl leaned back to give her date access to her breasts. At the same time, Jennifer watched as the girl's hand began it's journey south...over the boys stomach, and directly over his cock.

Jennifer heard Dan sigh as they both watched the girl slide her hand inside the boy's suit. In the firelight, they could plainly see her hand moving up and down his shaft. Jennifer felt Dan's hands move over the top of her shoulders and down, to caress her breasts. She sighed and leaned back into his arms, crossing her legs and letting her arms fall to her sides. She was aware of the stares from the boys she was receiving, but really didn't care at that point. Obviously everyone here was feeling quite casual about being seen. And as she looked around, thrilling to the feel of Dan's hands, she noticed a number of other couples making out around them. Everyone was in various stages of undress.

As she continued to watch all the people, Jennifer noticed Randy moving through the crowd, high-fiving different people and bending to kiss girl after girl as they greeted him. Focusing on the area, Jennifer also picked out the shapes of Steve and Shannon following behind. Both were greeted with the same level of enthusiasm that Randy had received. Especially Shannon.

She looked wonderful as she glided through the throng. Having shed her beach robe, her white bikini stood out like a nurse under a blacklight. Her wonderfully full breasts glistened in the firelight and she tossed her long blond mane back and forth like a star greeting her fans, all the while laughing and joking with everyone she met. Jennifer knew then that Shannon had a lot of experience at these functions. It seemed as if she knew absolutely everyone. Either that, or she was just very good with groups of people. Either way, she looked magnificent.

Jennifer smiled, content to merely watch the goings-on. Dan's hands felt wonderful on her breasts, and although no one had approached her yet, a number of guys were giving her sexy glances as they watched her boyfriend feel her up. As she looked at each boy, Jennifer tried to imagine what his hard cock would look like...which boys would come like she liked, and which boys would trickle. As she enjoyed her game, she became more and more excited with what might happen.
