 As Shannon had said, the night was still young. And the party was still going strong. The warmth of the fire was most welcoming, as were the appreciative looks of the guys, and some of the girls, as Jennifer and Shannon walked into the firelight. Given that it was almost midnight, Jennifer was surprised to see as many kids as there were remaining. And it was obvious that the mood was still very much centered around sex.

Two couples were openly fucking beside the fire, the girls on their knees and their partners fucking them slowly as the girls kissed and fondled each other. Five or six boys were standing around the two couples, as well as a few girls in various stages of undress. The sight of all those hard cocks, some being stroked by their girlfriends, some guys stroking themselves, sent a hot shiver through Jennifer. She still had a hard time imagining that she was participating in such a carnal lust fest. It was as if she was walking through a fantasy dream. But regardless of the intense sexual fantasies she had had in the past, she never for a moment thought that she would be given the opportunity to actually play her fantasies out. She shivered again as the memories of her recent encounters flowed through her mind. For a moment she felt pangs of worry as the intricate defense of her reputation, which she'd developed over the years, came into her mind. Since she'd first become sexually active, and had accepted the 'slut' side of her personality, she'd been as cautious and careful as possible to not let that side of her persona show. And now, on this single, warm summer night she'd allowed every aspect of that side come into full play. In full view of close to a hundred kids and a large number of her own classmates!

Jennifer's initial fantasy of joining Shannon inside the fire ring and sucking cock after hard cock had never played out. Even though she'd been extremely turned on by both Shannon's prior description of the events, and later, actually watching her friend drinking all that hot cum from all those hard cocks, Jennifer could never get her courage up to actually enter the ring. Not that she hadn't shared in the bountiful flow of semen this evening... She'd simply decided to do it in a comparatively more private and reserved manner. Still, there was a side of her that envied Shannon's accomplishments in the ring. Just from her experience with the twins on the beach, she couldn't help but wonder what it might be like if those cocks were replaced by others...again and again... She smiled to herself as she recalled how good it had felt to have her mouth so slick and full of semen....

The thoughts tumbled and whirled through her mind, even as she watched the scene in front of her unfolding. Her lust and excitement was also whirling around as the low moans of pleasure filled her ears. And finally her excitement won out over the impossible attempt at reason and balance. After all, she thought, this wasn't the first time such an orgy had taken place. And if these people were the type to 'talk', she certainly would have heard more about it in school than the cloudy and unspecific rumors she'd already heard. She smiled as a feeling of safety and comfort flowed through her troubled mind. Besides, she figured, it was a wee bit late to have concerns now. Things would happen as they would, regardless of her worrying. Right now, she was going to simply enjoy the rest of the night.

She desperately wanted to find Dan. To share her feelings, to discuss her concerns, to suck his long, thick cock.... And she knew in her heart that tonight was the night she was going to take their relationship, and her experience, to the next level. She felt a warm tingling in her pussy as her thoughts raced in that direction. She grinned to herself as she turned her attention back to the group in front of her. 

Jennifer became aware of a well-built boy whom she didn't know standing beside her. From the corner of her eye, she could see him slowly stroking his hard cock as he watched the two couples on the blanket. She was also aware of his gaze moving between the couples and her body and this pleased her immensely. Jennifer turned to him and smiled. As he smiled back, she grasped the tails of her cotton blouse and pulled them to her sides, then back, exposing her breasts and hardened nipples. She grinned as he turned slightly towards her, raising his free hand to caress her tits.

"Very nice..." he sighed, moving his hand gently over her firm tits. Jennifer smiled at him and stepped closer, reaching her hand out and curling her fingers around his hard cock.

"I might say the same..." she whispered, beginning to stroke him slowly. The boy groaned and they both realized that further conversation would only get in the way. They both turned their attention to the two couples on the blanket and on the small circle of observers.

One couple was going at it, hard and heavy, but the other was taking things slow and easy. The guy was now on his back, with his partner riding his cock, her well-defined thigh muscles gleaming in the firelight as she slowly and rhythmically raised and lowered herself onto him. As she stroked him with her pussy, her lust-filled eyes moved around the crowd, wallowing in the lust she was helping to further. She was obviously enjoying the attention and the chance to show off.

As Jennifer and her new friend watched, the girl leaned back, spreading her thighs wide and giving everyone a tantalizing view of the hard cock moving in and out of her pussy. This elicited a number of groans from the crowd and caused the girls smile to widen into a lustful grin. The effect was not lost on Jennifer and her friend either. Jennifer could only think of Dan's cock doing the same thing to her and, although she had no idea of what was going on in her friend's head, she heard him moan and felt his cock expanding in her hand as she stroked him. She smiled and increased the speed of her stroking slightly, squeezing his cockhead each time her hand reached it.

And as the two of them continued to watch, a girl who didn't appear to be older than a sophomore, walked up. Without a word, she knelt in front of one of the single boys. She smiled up at him and took his cock into her hand, directing the head towards her face. Then leaning forward silently, she took his cock into her mouth. Jennifer watched, transfixed as the girl didn't so much suck the boy's cock, as much as let him relieve himself in her mouth. She simply knelt in front of him and allowed him to fuck her mouth. And, even from the distance away that she was, Jennifer could clearly hear the boy's groans as he came in her mouth and the wet sounds of her swallowing. When he sighed and stepped back, the girl simply turned her face to the next boy, letting him slide his hard cock into her mouth. Obviously, not a lot had changed since she and Shannon had been in the water... 

The girl with the exhibitionist streak was beginning to moan louder, pulling Jennifer's attention back to her, and Jennifer felt a shiver run through her as the girl began to shake. The girl's eyes rolled back in her head as her partner began to fuck her hard, forcing her over the edge and drawing out a scream of pure ecstasy as she came. Jennifer began to stroke the cock in her hand faster now, doing everything she could to make the boy come. She turned her attention to his cock, watching it as she jerked the boy off. His breathing was coming in short gasps and his cock was bucking in her fist as she stroked him faster and faster. Then, finally, he let out a huge whoosh of air from his lungs as his semen erupted, sailing in a thick white arc towards the center of the circle. Jennifer grinned as she continued to stroke him, delighting in the sight of his heavy load spraying from his cockhead. 

Her hand was covered with his cum and made loud, wet, smacking noises as it traveled up and down his length. Then, suddenly, the head of the young cocksucker entered her field of vision. Without a word, she looked up at Jennifer, raised her eyebrows and grinned, and opened her mouth. She leaned forward, engulfing the boy's cockhead as Jennifer continued to stroke him off. The boy groaned as he felt the girl begin to suck and swallow his cum and Jennifer couldn't help but grin excitedly at the site. She continued to stroke the boy, milking his cock and squeezing the last of his cum into the girl's mouth. Finally, she removed her hand, giving the young girl full access to the still hard cock. She watched in admiration as the girl winked at her and began to move her lips up and down the full length, taking more and more of it until her lips were buried in the boy's pubic hair.

Jennifer grinned again, content to pass the torch, so to speak, as she stepped back from the circle. Silently, she turned and walked away, raising her hand to her face and inhaling the aroma of the boy's still warm semen. The smell made her heart pound. Her need was growing...

Jennifer smiled and walked a little further, pausing to watch couples, groups and singles heatedly doing things to each other or themselves. She could feel her heart begin to pound as the lust within her began to grow again. She was still intent on finding Dan and the others, but Jennifer couldn't resist a brief pause when she came upon a group of guys standing in a circle around a couple fucking on a blanket. The girl was sitting, reverse-cowboy style, on her boyfriend's size-able cock, and Jennifer sighed as she watched the boy slide in and out of her pussy, pulling out until just his head was between her lips, then slowly fucking his entire length inside her, making her groan. The young blond had her head thrown back, and on either side of her stood a boy. Her hands were around their hard-ons, stroking them as she got fucked from below. Jennifer's excitement grew as she watched the boy on the left begin to shake, then groan as he began to cum over the blonde's tits. She looked down, grinning as she jerked him off. She then turned to the other boy as she began to stroke him faster, urging him to come...

Jennifer couldn't help herself as she stepped closer to the group, joining the circle of onlookers and standing between two boys who were stroking their own cocks. Without as much as looking at them, she reached her hands out, taking a cock in each hand. She grinned as she heard the boys groan and, curling her fingers around their hard-ons, she began to stroke them both, mimicking the rhythm of the blond in the center. The girl smiled as she noticed Jennifer for the first time, and winked just the cock in her hand began to shoot off. She squealed as his thick semen splashed against her chin, dripping down her neck and between her heaving tits. Jennifer grinned back at her and tugged on the cocks in her hands, urging the boys to move closer to the blond with her. They both willingly obliged, following Jennifer the few feet to the center of the circle to stand over the blonde, letting Jennifer jerk them off as the first two boys stepped back to the outer ring.

The blond saw what was happening and smiled, leaning back on her hands and letting everyone see the long cock sliding in and out of her pussy. Jennifer found herself staring at the girl's pussy and the long, thick cock that was sliding in and out of it and again her thoughts turned to Dan. She had to find him, and soon, before her lust completely took over... She smiled down at the blonde and began to stroke the two cocks faster, needing to make them come as quickly as she could so she could continue her search for Dan. And she was pleased when she felt the cock in her left hand begin to swell. She grinned and directed the cockhead towards the blonde's face, pulling slightly on the cock to urge the boy closer. He was just inches away when his cock erupted, covering the blonde's lips and cheek with his hot semen. She squealed her delight as she opened her mouth wide and the boy obliged her by rocketing his second load directly onto her tongue. The blonde choked slightly in surprise, but immediately opened her mouth wide again, just as the second boy began to shoot off. His cum arced high, leaving a thick line of white from her hairline down to her nose, before Jennifer was able to adjust her aim. She grinned to herself as the boy's second ejaculation joined his friend's, landing directly on the blonde's extended tongue.

The blonde began to laugh as she swallowed her reward, her tongue moving like a snake around her lips, trying to capture as much of the overflow as possible. And when her hands rose up to encircle the two cocks in front of her, Jennifer smiled and stepped away once again, walking slowly into the shadows. She chuckled to herself as she thought she was being like the Lone Ranger... stepping in when she was needed, doing her duty very well, and then riding off into the night... The Lone Masturbator... She laughed out loud at the thought as she moved down the beach, continuing her search.

Just a few yards down the beach, she stopped in her tracks as her ears picked up the familiar sound of Dan's laughter. A small fire was burning brightly on the top of a dune just to her right and, in the reflective glow, Jennifer could make out the profile of Dan. He was sitting beside the fire with four or five other people...

Jennifer felt the tingling in her pussy return and she slowly crept closer to the campfire. She could clearly make out Dan's face now, along with Randy and Steve and Tracy, the girl they'd met when they first arrived. Jennifer immediately felt a pang of jealousy as she spied Tracy. She wondered if Dan had spent the entire evening with this girl. She knew that her feelings were skewed a bit, given what she'd shared during the same period, but somehow it seemed different.

She sat on her haunches as her mind began to swirl around again, and she simply observed the scene in front of her. As it turned out, it was a good thing that she did. One it gave her time to get her unfounded jealousy under control, and secondly it gave her the opportunity to see Tracy curl up with Steve...hugging at first, then slowly kissing her way down his chest, over his belly, then finally taking the head of his hard-on between her lips. Jennifer smiled as Tracy began to slowly move her head up and down, taking Steve's hard cock deep into her mouth and delivering an excellent blow job. For all she knew, Jennifer thought, Tracy could be simply doing a circle and maybe had just moved on from Dan, but that made her feel even better.

She had certainly let her lust flag fly this night, and she knew that Dan had most certainly done the same. She wondered just what his condition was. Was he exhausted? Would she be able to convince him to fill her fantasy? She crept closer to the fire, trying her best not to give herself away As she approached Dan and neared the fire, a grin spread over her face. She saw that Dan was sporting a huge hard-on as he watched Tracy sucking Steve's cock. He wasn't stroking it, as much as cupping his balls and teasing the base...letting his cock throb and sway in the night air. Jennifer crept closer, until she was just inches away and just behind Dan.... She stared at his cock, aware that her mouth was actually watering at the sight of it. At the same time, she felt her pussy begin to tingle again, and begin to 'water' in it's own rite. Silently stretching out in the sand, she looked up at her boyfriend.

"You know I can suck a cock better than her...." Jennifer whispered. 

Dan actually jumped with surprise at the sound of her voice and Jennifer began to giggle, grinning up at him as their eyes locked. The huge grin that engulfed Dan's face made every doubt that Jennifer had ever had disappear as if touched by a wand.

"Jennifer!!" he yelled, leaning down to pull her into his arms. "Where the hell have you been? Oh...FUCK! I've missed you so fucking much!!" He drew her into his arms, hugging her so tightly she had trouble breathing. Regardless, she couldn't suppress the laughter that burst forth from her lungs as she hugged him back. Never had she felt so glad to see someone. The two of them hugged each other for the longest time, silently absorbing each other's energies as their hands played over the other's back. Finally, both of them released huge sighs and leaned back, looking into each other's eyes. It was Jennifer that broke their silence first.

"I've been looking all over for you!" she said, with a hint of whine in her voice. Dan looked into her eyes and grinned.

"Me too..." he replied tenderly, "I walked around for a couple of hours, looking for you, then hung out by the main fire, thinking you would show up there. The guys there said that Shannon had left a few minutes earlier, but I couldn't find her either. I was...uh...wondering if you'd joined her in the ring...." 

Jennifer smiled and folded herself into Dan's arms, loving the feel of his nakedness. Her hand moved over his belly...down, until she encountered his hard-on. She smiled again and curled her fingers around him, sighing as she felt his familiar warmth.

Dan groaned at the feel of Jennifer's hand on his cock and he hugged her tighter, dropping his left hand to cup her breast. He could smell the salt of the ocean in her hair and found it very erotic.

"You know, Dan...." Jennifer said thoughtfully, "I just couldn't get into it... You know how much I love to suck cock... and the whole thought of sucking one after another was a real turn on for me. But when it came right down to it...." She winked at him, then leaned forward into Dan's lap. He groaned as Jennifer opened her lips and took his cockhead inside, sucking it lightly as she circled her tongue around it. Sitting up she grinned at him, licking her lips sensually. 

"I do love to suck cock....Mmmmm.... but to be honest, it was just too...I don't know...too impersonal, I guess.... " She looked up at him with a curious smile. "Does that make any sense?"

Dan grinned down at her and shrugged his shoulders. "I don't know... Nights like these get pretty odd sometimes. But I guess I know what you mean. So...did you just sit by yourself all night?"

Jennifer knew he was teasing her and she grinned. "Well, to be honest....no." She smiled up at him and began to stroke his cock. "As a matter of fact, I've been a fairly naughty girl and I have a bunch of stories to tell you later...." She smiled when she felt his cock throb in her hand.

"And how about you, Dan...?" Jennifer teased, rolling her thumb over Dan's slick cockhead, Have you guys been just sitting around talking about sports all night...?"

Dan laughed and hugged Jennifer closer to him. "Well, honestly, Jen...I've had a few naughty experiences of my own... in between looking for you, that is...."

Jennifer laughed and hugged him back. On impulse, she pulled herself around to face him, then straddling him, sat down in his lap. "Oh...do tell, Dan...do tell..." She grinned into his eyes, then leaned forward, kissing him deeply as their tongues entwined. Dan pulled back and looked at Jennifer, his eyes gleaming.

"But I've learned, over the years, not to kiss and tell, sweet Jen...." He teased. Jennifer gave him a look of reproach, then reached between them to capture his nipples, one with each hand. She gently toyed with them, then grinned as she applied more and more pressure. Dan took all he could, grimacing with 'pain' until he finally knocked her hands away.

"Okay, okay! I give!", he laughed. "I'll tell you everything!" 

Jennifer laughed at her victory and moved her hands to Dan's shoulders. She could feel his hard cock against her naked pussy and her attention focused downward. She began to slowly move her hips around, rubbing herself on Dan's hardness. Dan groaned, moving his own hips to mimic her movements. Soon, both of them were breathing quite rapidly.
