 We took the only seats left, two stools at the bar. That was fine by me. Given our rare night out without children we had rented a very nice hotel room nearby and were intent on a few cocktails to precede our evening of revelry. Bellying up to the bar would be just fine!

In anticipation of our end of the evening festivities, she had worn a white lacy thong, my favorite, under her tight, just-above-the-knee length skirt which hugged her firm, round ass, and a pair of mid calf black boots. She knew that skirts and boots were a turn on for me. I loved caressing the bare leg of her knee, or the soft skin under her knee, as we chatted and drank. She looked luscious in a white sleeveless top which showed off her muscular, athletic arms and back, and a hint of make up to accentuate her blue eyes. My wife has highlighted brown hair, not reaching her shoulders, a perfect smile, and looks very good for any age, much less almost 40. I don't look bad myself, being thin and muscular with decent abs from a mixture of hard work and good genetics. 

Our room had a massive mirror mounted on the wall beside the bed which excited me as well. I love when she rides me and I can watch her fantastic ass going up and down on my cock. Whenever we get a night on the town away from our little ones it always ends in some fantastic love making, and I was already semi erect in anticipation. 

There was a couple in the seats beside us, early thirties looking, and very attractive. We struck up a conversation, and their names were Tiffany and Rob, and they were out on the town to celebrate their decision to "pull the goalie" so to speak, and next month to start seriously trying to have kids. They had decided to go out and party a bit first, in case she got pregnant right away and the partying had to stop. We started talking about how the sex life and life in general changes once you have little ones. We chatted about what we did for a living, etc. 

It turned out that Tiff was a yoga instructor, so she and Jess got along fine, as Jess is a yoga fanatic, and the two of them seemed to become instant friends. I had trouble listening to what Tiff was saying, however, because I kept thinking about her hot body. She appeared to have some Philippine or Hawaiian blood, with that dark complexion, big brown eyes, long black hair, and a body that would stop a truck. She also was wearing boots, knee high, and a gauzy loose blue dress that stopped mid thigh, occasionally affording me glimpses of more. Her legs were perfect and toned, and I was fixated on them! Each time she leaned forward to say something to my wife, who sat beside her, I caught a glimpse of small but round breasts peaking out of her dress as well. A long time ago, long before kids, Jess and I had discussed fooling around with another couple, and how it would turn us on to see each other with someone else, but it never materialized, and we never talked about it again. But whenever we met an attractive couple, it always lurked in the back of my mind, and I kept picturing myself dropping to my knees, lifting her skirt and burying my face into what I knew had to be a perfect pussy between those perfect thighs. This was not helping my slowly growing erection at all! I bought a round of Patron shots for the four of us and we continued to talk. 

They were both very nice and seemed very much on the same wavelength as us about life. One round of drinks seemed to follow another, and I could tell that my wife was getting tipsy. As with many women, when my wife becomes loosened up, she becomes "friendlier" and regularly ogles both women and men. This is definitely something I encourage, of course. At this point, I caught her a few times stealing glances at Tiff's breasts, which were peeking out quite frequently now from the front of her dress. And I knew Rob was her type, muscular and in shape like me, with shoulder length dark hair, blue eyes, and a slight goatee which, unlike mine, had no hints of grey. I allowed myself to think that perhaps this would be the night!! 

After a few rounds, we all decided to go to another place, maybe somewhere with music or dancing, and left together. Jess and Tiff walked ahead of us, and Rob and I followed behind. He and I discussed snowboarding, but I caught him checking out the way Jess's skirt clung to her round ass, and my cock twinged further. Maybe he was thinking the same thing as me! 

The girls drug us into a club with dance music rolling out of the open doors, and we quickly found a table in the corner, one of those tall round tables with bar stools. The ladies sat beside each other, with Rob and I on each side of them. We had already ordered another round when Rob said:

"Hey guys. Has anyone else noticed that the girls seem to be dancing with girls here, and the guys with guys." Being preoccupied with visions of my hot wife and Jess naked and rolling on our bed, I hadn't really looked around much. Rob was right, there did not seem to be any opposite sex couples here. "I think we've wandered into a gay bar!" 

"Doesn't bother me." My wife was quick to quip. "I like women too." She looked at Jess, who giggled and replied: 

"Me too!". With that, my wife leaned forward, and the two ladies shared a long passionate kiss. Now I was no longer "semi-erect", I was hard as a rock, trying to hide it under the table. After breaking off their kiss, Jess turned to Rob and asked point blank. "What about you? Have you ever thought about men?" 

Rob turned bright red, and began stammering something about it not being something he's thought about when Tiff broke in, "Yes! He and I talk about it, and have both fantasized about it. He's never been, but he wants to!" Now Rob was beet red, and didn't know what to say. Jess reached under the table and grabbed my hard-on before saying:

"So has Jay. The thought of Jay and another guy rubbing cocks turns me on big time!" Now I admit, I have thought about it. I'm not turned on by the thought of being with a guy alone, but maybe another man and my wife or a group scene, where cocks end up rubbing together over a hot and naked woman or two does indeed turn me on. I was afraid to make eye contact with Rob at this moment however, I think we were both embarrassed about this revelation. 

"Have you guys ever fooled around with another couple?" Tiff asked. 

"No, but we've talked about it." Jess replied. Rob and I stood silent, both of us perhaps in disbelief about what was happening. 

"We haven't either, but have talked about it as well. Would either of you 

be jealous?" Tiff said.

"I don't know. There's only one way to find out!" With that, Jess walked around Tiff and up to Rob, leaned up and kissed him long and hard, pressing her body against him. I watched his hands reach down and grab her ass, pulling her into him, and felt no jealousy, only tightness in my jeans. She broke off the kiss and looked at me and then Tiff with a wicked grin, "any jealousy?" 

I shook my head, still speechless. Tiff replied only with a "my turn", and turned to me. I got off my stool and walked to where she was sitting. As we leaned in to kiss, she put both arms around my neck and pulled me in, and I placed my hand on her bare thigh, and let my fingers brush lightly the smooth skin of her leg, using all the control that I had not to allow my hand to wander further. We kissed, tongues probing lightly, and she pressed the outside of her leg against my raging hard on. I briefly allowed my other hand to cup the edge of her ass cheek lightly. If felt fantastic through the light material of her skirt, I couldn't wait to feel the actual flesh! Our kiss was interrupted by the arrival of our drinks. I reluctantly released her and sat back down. She moved to the stool beside me to allow Jess to sit beside Rob. Our sheepish grins preceded a "cheers" and silence as we all took rather long drinks from our Margs. No one spoke, or knew how to proceed. I broke the ice: 

"So. No one felt any jealousy?" 

"Honestly, I know this sounds weird, but when I saw your hand on Tiff's ass, it kind of turned me on!" Rob said. I looked at Jess for her response. 

"The only reason I was jealous was because I wanted to be the one kissing her and feeling up her ass!" 

"Are we really going to do this?" Rob asked. Jess looked at me and I shrugged and said:

"I'm game if you are." 

"If anyone is uncomfortable at anytime we can just stop." Tiff said. We all looked at each other in silence again. Tiff continued, "Is everyone sure there was no jealousy?" 

"Let's test it one more time!" Tiff had a devilish grin. She stood up and pulled me from my chair. We kissed again, this time I allowed my hand to move up and under the back of her skirt, cupping one glorious cheek. She was evidently wearing a thong, given that I felt nothing but deliciously smooth skin. She pressed herself against my raging erection for a moment, then moved away just enough to allow her hand to slide down the front of my jeans and grab my cock. She gripped the head and squeezed lightly. It was only the fact that we were in a public place that kept me from dropping my pants right there! We held that position for a few seconds before she released me and returned to her seat, placing her hand in my lap however. 

"Any reaction?" She turned to Rob and Jess. 

"Judging by the hardness of Rob's cock, I'd say yes but not a bad one!" Said Jess. I then noticed her hand resting on Robs' lap, with a napkin draped across it, hiding whatever it was she was stroking though his jeans. 

"I think we need to go NOW!" I threw down some money to cover our drinks, and we practically dashed out of the club.

As soon as we entered our room, Jess was all over Tiffany, pressing herself against her and probing her mouth with her tongue. After quickly closing the door, I walked up behind Tiff and began lifting her light dress up, and as she raised her arms Jess and I lifted it up and over her head. She was wearing a delicate black thong which split her perfect ass, and a matching black bra. Her ass was as nice as I imagined, with a faint tan line from her bikini. I allowed my hands to run up and down the sides of her smooth skin and then to caress the cheeks. Engrossed as she was with her exploration of my wife's mouth and body, she didn't seem to notice. 

Rob was in the process of eagerly unzipping Jess's skirt from behind. Tiff pulled Jess's shirt up and over her head as Rob shimmied her out of her skirt, leaning over to allow his tongue to slowly slide down between her ass cheeks. She bent slightly, pushing back, obviously enjoying the feel of his tongue. She then returned her attentions to Tiff. Jess is VERY bi when drunk, and the presence of men was secondary to her need to see and touch Tiff's body. Driven by this lust for breasts, the girls ripped their bras off each other, and Jess led Tiff up and onto the bed. As Rob and I stood transfixed, she pushed Tiff down and then lay upon her, kissing her passionately while her hands explored Tiff's body. She began to lick and suck Tiff's round breasts, which were small but firm with long nipples. Her hands squeezed first Tiff's and then her own breasts, and then she pressed the breasts together, reveling in the feeling of skin on skin. Her hands remained on Tiff's breasts, lightly pinching the nipples, as her mouth began heading elsewhere. Tiff closed her eyes and moaned as Jess began to kiss her way down Tiff's stomach, slowly working her way down. She then pulled Tiff's thong off, and began to run her tongue round her hairless pussy. 

I had never felt a hairless pussy before, and was intrigued, wanting nothing more than to jump in and take a lick, but I decided to simply enjoy the show, allow the women their time together, and simply enjoy the sight of two beautiful women, the contrast of Jess's golden tan against Tiff's mahogany skin, those long dark legs wrapped around Jess's head, her own ass up in the air begging to be touched. Tiff placed both her hands on Jess's head, closed her eyes and moaned as Jess's hands pushed her legs further apart, and her tongue became more active. As her back arched in pleasure, her jiggled and bounced invitingly, and I could not hold back any longer. As Jess continued to probe Tiff's womanhood, Rob and I climbed on to the bed on either side of Tiff, and each placed our mouths on her breasts. Tiff was now moaning and squirming in delight as three mouths explored her body, quickly accompanied by six hands. I pinched her nipple of her breast with one hand while running the other up the underside of her thigh. Rob was kissing her mouth while both hands squeezed and stroked her other breast. I clasped my teeth lightly on her left nipple, cupping the underside of the breast with my hand, still running the fingers of my other hand across the smooth skin along the underside of her thigh. She was moaning loudly, almost gasping. I looked down and saw Jess flicking her clitoris with her tongue, both hands under Tiff's ass, lifting it up to allow her better access. Tiff's back again arched, and her body began convulsing. I continued my ministrations on her breasts, as did Rob as she clenched her legs around Jess's head, cumming in a long and loud moan. After she caught her breath, she whimpered, 

"Jess's turn." And began pulling Jess back up onto her. Rob moved behind Jess and immediately buried his face in her ass, pulling her thong to the side licking her from behind, both hands on her cheeks , squeezing and then spreading them. It was a surprising turn on for me to see another man's face buried in my wife's ass, assuming one of my favorite positions! Jess's ass is amazing, and it was obvious that Rob thought likewise. Tiff spun herself around underneath Jess, so that she could lick Jess while Rob probed her ass with his tongue. Jess was now wriggling her ass and squealing in delight as two tongues fought over her. I reached under her and began to caress both breasts and pinch her nipples, which I know she loves, and she moaned and rested on her elbows, allowing three people to pleasure her. I ran my hands up and down her back, then back down to her breasts, trying to maximize her pleasure. Tiff's hands were up and around Jess's ass, pulling the cheeks apart, giving Rob access. He now had a finger or two in her pussy while he licked her ass, and Tiff continued to lick her clitoris. 

"I don't want to cum yet!" She exclaimed after about 5 minutes of our attentions, and pulled herself from their wandering tongues. She brought herself to her knees in front of me as I stood to the side of the bed, and began undoing my jeans. "Jay's turn!" she said. Tiff climbed over to get behind me and started lifting my t-shirt over my head. As stepped out of my jeans, Jess grabbed my rigid cock and began stroking it. Tiff now pressed her breasts against my naked back and caressed my ass with one hand while reaching around with the other to fondle my balls. I was in heaven, allowing these two beautiful women to have their way with me, running their hands up and down my body. Tiff's hand moved from my balls to run over my hard abs, and then up to my nipples, pinching them lightly. She then said, 

"Rob, are you going to help?" Rob stood there watching, still fully dressed as my wife beckoned him over with the hand that was not stroking my erection. As he got closer, she grabbed his hand and pulled him in, and then took his hand and placed it on my cock. He squeezed gently, unsure of what to do. It felt like a hand to me, which is to say any hand other than my own feels fantastic on my cock. Tiff reached around and put her hand around his and began moving it as my wife released my cock to undo his jeans and pull them down. She pulled his shirt up over his head as well. He had a thin, muscular body like mine, and a nice cock that was neatly trimmed. She grabbed his cock and pulled it closer to mine. He released my cock, and she grabbed both and began rubbing them together. Tiff squealed and moved around to the side so that she could see better. Rob and I where now standing facing each other, with the girls facing each other one each side of us. Jess was rubbing our precum up and down the shafts and then rubbing the shafts together. His cock felt hot and slick on mine, and it was quite a turn on. Tiff stood and kissed Rob long and hard, whispering ,

"This is so fucking hot!" in his ear before releasing him. I had my hand on Tiff's ass, rubbing and squeezing it. With my other hand I was fondling my wife's right breast. Her nipples were incredibly erect, as turned on as she could be. I turned slightly so that she could rub my cock on her breast, and Rob did the same, and she began rubbing both cocks on her breasts and against each other. Again, I was turned on by the sight of another man's cock against my wife's breast, the site of her obviously enjoying feeling two hard cocks in her hands and on her body. She began sucking me and then him, alternating between our cocks, occasionally rubbing the saliva covered heads together before returning her mouth to one or the other. I do not think I had ever been so turned on in my life. Tiff was standing behind me, her head between Rob and I, watching Jess suck and lick, rubbing both Rob's and my asses. Finally Rob decided he wanted to return the favor, and dropped to his knees and pushed his way between Jess's legs. She spread herself for him, and his hand ran up and down her thighs as he licked the small swath of hair she kept trimmed very short. She laid down along the side of the bed, one hand pulling Rob's head back between her legs, his body following, the other pulling my cock back to her mouth. I stood close to the bed and bent over her head, dangling my cock over her face so that she could keep licking the underside of my cock. While she continued to squeeze the base and run her tongue up and down the shaft, I felt two hands on my ass. 

I had forgotten about Tiff! She was on her knees behind me, spreading my cheeks with her hands. I felt her breath on my ass, quickly followed by her warm tongue spreading saliva up and down my crack before beginning to lick my ass. While two tongues coated my ass and cock, I watched Rob's hands squeezing Jess's breasts. He began kissing his way up her body to suck and lick her breasts. She was moaning and moaning, her hand that was not around the base of my cock now pulling at Rob's hair. She pulled him up further, releasing my cock from her mouth and pulling him to her lips. Both of their mouths were now mere inches from my wet, twitching cock. She pulled my cock back to her mouth as she released him, practically sliding my cock between their mouths. He hesitated a moment, but with the hand she still had around his head she pulled him back and brought his lips to my cock. He allowed his tongue to lick the underside of my cock. 

"Tiff, watch!" She moaned around the tip of my cock. Tiff removed her tongue from my ass to watch, but her finger replaced it, circling before sliding in. I had never in my life imagined (ok, maybe I had, but not accurately) what it would feel like to have a beautiful woman fingering my ass while her hot husband and my amazing wife licked my cock. I could not have been any harder. Tentative at first, Rob began to lick and eventually put the head in his mouth and began sucking. Jess slid her way down his body so that he was now straddling her chest, and he began thrusting his cock between her breasts as she licked the head whenever it came close. With the hand not supporting himself he began to fondle my balls and then stroke the base of the shaft while his mouth never left the tip. Tiff's face was mere inches away, staring with a gleam in her eye. The hand not playing with my ass was furiously fingering herself. It was too much. The ass, the tongue, the site of Rob's thick cock between my wife's breast, I was close to the edge! 
