 "Yeecchh," thought Davida as her sneakers made a snapping sound with each step, "this floor is stickier than in a regular movie theater." As her eyes adjusted to the darkness of the porno theater, she spied an island of empty seats and quickly led herself and her friend Jennifer to them. In the darkness of the movie theater neither girl could ascertain the cleanliness of the seats, but each was secretly relieved by not encountering anything wet or gooey on the seats of their jeans as they sat down. 

The two young girls, having celebrated their eighteenth birthdays just weeks ago and proudly showing their IDs to the theater manager at the ticket window minutes before, had both been wanting to go see a porno movie. Jennifer had to coax the shyer Davida to go through with it, but once they had settled into their seats, the girls let their buzzes take hold and they both relaxed.

Both girls were shy, bookish, and hardly date bait. Davida was a "frumpy-lumpy," the nickname guys gave to girls like her. Long straight hair, glasses, a bigger-than-usual ass (but, guys were quick to note, big tits, too!) and a plain, attractive face. Davida had a gay and carefree laugh that mimicked her personality, which usually drew guys to her. Davida had done her share of making out with guys and given a few handjobs, but that was the extent of her sexual experiences. Nobody had ever touched her intimately.

Jennifer was about 5"1 and maybe 100 pounds soaking wet. Her short brown hair was cropped in a page-boy cut to adorn her granny-glasses rimmed face, and her freckled countenance showed pure innocence. Like Davida, Jennifer had physically touched boys' cocks before, but other than making out and jerking off a date to an occasional handful of goo at a drive-in, she was not experienced.

As they looked around, both girls noticed that they appeared to be the only females in the theater, but they had prepared for that. This was the start of the afternoon matinee, and the girls had smoked a joint and drank beers all morning to get themselves "into the mood." 

As the screen flickered to life, Davida reached over and grabbed onto Jennifer's arm. "We're in a fucking porno theater!" she whispered, giggling in her pot-induced high.

"Fucking right" answered Jennifer.

"Are all these guys in here to just jerk off?" she whispered in Jennifer's ear.

"What the fuck else do they come here for?" answered her friend, and they both giggled so loudly that there was no doubt to the male patrons that there were females on board.

The screen filled with a "Coming Attractions" logo. Neither girl had ever seen a porno film before, so they were unprepared for the onslaught of hardcore that was about to assail them.

Suddenly, the screen in front of them was filled with images of people fucking! Interspersed between titles such as "When you work in this office, you take DICKTATION!" and "It's not just graduation...it's a CUMMING OUT PARTY!" the two girls watched as the best of porno...the trailers...assaulted their senses with carnal images of hot porno models fucking and pleasuring each other!

Cocks! Cocks everywhere! Davida was enraptured! "Jesus," she thought to herself, "when will I get fucked like that?" Watching the porno movie, as girl after girl was pleasured on the screen and moaned in orgasm, had Davida's own cunt starting to drip in excitement.

"Mmmm" thought Jennifer, as some unnamed porno actress splayed her cunt wide open, "look at that cunt! God, I wish some guy would just eat me like that!" as a shot of her cunt being pleasured by her co-star's tongue flashed onto the screen.

Then came the cumshots! Shot after shot of jizm spewing all over the girls' faces...

Cunts were getting splattered with goo...faces were getting blasted with jism... the guys were jerking off all over the girls' faces! Everybody was cumming! And this was only the previews!

While the men in the theater rubbed themselves in reaction to the images, the two girls had distinctively different reactions as they watched the cumshots on the screen.

Davida was sensually excited, but although she felt a moistness in her crotch as she watched the images of ejaculations onto the actress's faces she thought, "eyewww...grooossss."

Jennifer, however, watched the screen intently as spurt after spurt of cum splattered all over tits, faces, and asses...and Jennifer did something she had never done before.

Without even touching herself, in that dark and dank porno movie theater...Jennifer creamed herself, right in her pants!

And Jennifer wanted to feel cum on her face!

***

Perhaps it was their youth, perhaps it was their pot and beer induced high, but neither girl had been prepared for their reactions to the porno movie..They had sat though the first 20 minutes of the film, which by then had exhausted their curiosity. It was also mid-afternoon, and both were hungry. After a very gooey climax shot all over a girl's face, amid the grunts and moans of some of the male patrons of the theater who had no doubt added to the floor's accumulation of semen, Davida grabbed Jennifer by the arm and whispered, "Let's go!"

As they walked to the car, Jennifer asked "So what'd ya think?"

"I think it was...well, fuck it was porno!" replied Davida. "And yeah, that was pretty hot!"

"Yeah" added Jennifer as they approached the car, "I'd sure rather be doing that shit than just watching it!"

Davida couldn't help but self-consciously feel the moisture building between her thighs as they walked. "Really, Jen? You'd let a guy spew that stuff all over your face?"

"Why not? It's only sperm!"

"Yeah, but..." Davida asked as they got in, "would you let a guy cum on your face like that?"

Jennifer hesitated to answer her friend as she turned the key and started the car. Her mind was awash with images of guys whom she would love to have do exactly that! "It's just sperm, Davida! It's supposed to be going up your cooze anyway!"

"Yeech!"

"It's a bodily fluid, that's all! You've masturbated guys, you know what it feels and smells like!"

"I know...but on my face? No way!"

"Well I'd let me guy cum on me face anytime!"

"Except," answered Davida, "you haven't got one!"

"Fuck you, neither do you!" Both girls laughed. The conversation turned towards food. But each girl knew that all she wanted to do was get home and masturbate about what they had seen and felt inside the porno theater.

***

The images in the porno theater had triggered something in Jennifer's womb over which she had no control. She wanted to have sex! She wanted to end her virginity in a session of hot, gooey, wet passion with a guy who would pleasure her six-ways-to-Sunday and then ejaculate a huge load all over her face! 

Back in her bedroom after she had dropped off Davida, Jennifer wasted no time peeling off her clothes and getting down to a good masturbating session! As she massaged her throbbing clit and began to finger her sopping wet cunthole, Jen vividly remembered the texture, the feel, and the smell of semen of the three boys whom she had masturbated in the past.

Jennifer wanted to feel cum all over her face, the spewing jizz she had seen in the movie theater...Jennifer wanted to be jizzed on!!

As Jennifer masturbated, she imagined that those three guys were straddling over her chest, jerking off their cocks, and she was begging them, "cum all over my face..."

She was naked, rubbing herself into a frenzy, as three imaginary studs lurked over her nubile young body and masturbated...Jennifer wanted to feel their hot, gooey cum on her face!

Suddenly, in her hormone-charged imagination, Jennifer heard a groan of pleasure as a glob of jizm hit her face. Not a droplet, but a huge, messy spurt of male semen which spurted onto her cheek and just splattered in droplets all over her face. 

Jennifer rubbed her cunt harder! Her fantasy lover shot out more sperm, which splattered in a messy glob onto Jennifer's forehead. Jennifer massaged her cunt faster as spurt after spurt of his male pleasure plastered her face. Jennifer's face was a mess of jism, and she had two more guys to do!

She reached out to grab dicks, and suddenly Jennifer was jerking off two cocks as she cleaned up the penis which had just spermed a mess all over her face with her own mouth! Jennifer was in jizz heaven!

"Cum on my face!!" Jennifer yelled, frantically rubbing her cunt to an orgasm as she imagined two more cocks, which she was jerking off, ready to burst their pleasure all over her face!

"Aggghhhh...I'm cumminggggg" Jennifer masturbated!

"Cuuummm on my face...!!"

Jennifer approached her climax as she fantasized about two more dicks spewing cum all over her face!

Furiously rubbing her own cunt, playing with her cum-slimy clit, Jennifer imagined two cocks erupting in pleasure...all over her face

In her orgasm-frenzied mind, Jennifer could feel both dicks plastering her face.

As she jerked her second lover off, he came all over the left side of her face! Sperm splattered all over her left cheek, stray globs of jizz splattered into her auburn hair, and his last spurts splattered droplets of gooey white jizz onto her bare neck.

In her fantasy, as she continued to finger her cunt into climax overload, Jennifer imagined her third load of sperm! She masturbated harder, rubbing her clit and stroking gently at her asshole as she imagined more jizm spewing onto her face!

"Ahhhhhh...I'm gonna cummm!!"

Jennifer fantasized about a third dick spewing onto her face...rubbing her cunt, moaning out load, masturbating to an orgasm!

"Cum on my face!!"

Jennifer felt the third load just splatter all over her! Globs of jism in her hair to make the last load even gooier! Two straight globs of semen right up the right side of her face, plugging her nostril with jizz and pasting her right eye shut with male glue! Jennifer sniffed the excitement, as she inhaled a glob of semen up her nostril and felt the last splatters land in gooey glops on her little tits and her flat belly.

""Uuuuggggg..." Jennifer moaned as she fingered her hot cunt to another orgasm...

"God" she thought to herself..."I love fucking semen!" 

"I need to masturbate less, and get spermed on more..."

And Jennifer started thinking...

Jennifer wanted to do Porno!!