 Author's Note: Thank you all for your comments and criticisms! It is very gratifying to read your feedback. Hopefully I have acted upon them both. Forgive the straight to the chase storylines, but I write stories to excite myself and other people, not philosophize. Porn is porn, and I write about the orgasm, plain and simple! And YES, for those who have asked, there is a lot of me in Jennifer. Thanks again for all the nice feedback!

*

As early dawn light streamed through the bedroom window, Jennifer began to masturbate, rubbing her cunt through her pussy hair which was still jizz-gooey from last night's fucking. She rolled over across the bed, reached between her boyfriend's legs, and began to fondle his penis. He murmured his assent dreamily as she began to jerk off his dick. But Jennifer didn't care, really. She wasn't inviting him to fuck, she just wanted to make him orgasm. It was all about cum, and she wanted a load of jizm on her face!

Chris's penis immediately responded to Jennifer's handjob as she masturbated him, turning his limp penis into a growing, throbbing organ ready to explode a million little sperms of gooey globs of semen all over her face. As his cock stiffened and grew harder within her pumping little hand, Jennifer nuzzled against his face and licked his ear before murmuring, "Baby, will you cum if I blow you?"

"Ugg, mmmmm, ohhh yesss" was the obvious answer.

Jennifer crawled under the covers and began to blow her boyfriend. Jerking and sucking his penis, his cock was throbbing and ready to climax in no time. 

"Cum, baby" Jennifer begged as she felt his dick spasming in pre-orgasmic excitement. "I want you to jizz on me so badddd!" The lusty fury of her pumping fist and slimy tongue snaking up and down his penis sent Chris into immediate orgasm, and Jennifer listened to her boyfriend grunt as semen spurted out of his dick, landing on her face and splattering onto her shoulder as she continued to masturbate both him and herself. The essence of his orgasm sent her over the edge, and Jennifer's index finger rubbed her cunt into a nice little climax!

"Uuugggghhh" she moaned as she enjoyed both her own orgasm and her boyfriend's warm liquid pleasure on her skin.

Jennifer cleaned up his dick, licking up every droplet of sperm that she could find. Chris massaged his girlfriend's smooth ass and reached around to play with her nubile young boobs as she licked his seed off of his body. "Are you ready for tonight?"

Jennifer replied as she gently stroked his still sperm-slimy dick and thrust her mouth onto his in a lingual kissfest that had their tongues entwined for almost two minutes of French-kissing pleasure! As she finished tonguing her boyfriend's tonsils and trying to suck his lungs out of his chest with her tongue, she broke their kiss and, staring into his blue eyes replied "I am so fucking ready!"

Chris held Jennifer's face in one hand, gazing into her eyes as he played with her tiny, taught boobs. "You're going to get a jizz orgy on your face tonight, baby!"

"I know." Jennifer grabbed Chris's hand from her tit and placed it between her legs to let him feel her impending excitement. "Feel that dripping fucking cunt, baby!" and she forced her boyfriend's hand into the messy puddle of her own cum-juices that saturated her pussy!

Chris asked her, "How many guys do you think you'll get tonight?"

"Oh man!" Jennifer laughed, stretching her lithe, nubile body out onto the bed and staring up at the ceiling. "We're going to a club and let a bunch of guys jizz on my face! Shit! I hope a hundred! Uggghhh" Jennifer murmured as she rubbed her pussy with one hand, sticking her cum-skanky fingers from her other hand into his mouth. "I don't know...but I am going to masturbate all fucking day thinking about it, baby! I am so fucking excited!"

Jennifer masturbated Chris again, and got a small but gooey sample of his DNA up her nose in white gooey droplets as she jerked him off to orgasm.

Chris left Jennifer with a mess of jizz on her face and went to work. Jennifer stayed home that Friday and masturbated like crazy, coming four times as she imagined the pleasure of a facial orgy that night!

Jennifer had visited several swingers clubs' websites in the area and decided on this one. She and Chris had chosen one near Fort Lauderdale They went to the club on an "off night" so that they could register and check it out without too many people around. Jennifer was hornier than shit in the parking lot when they arrived, and she gave him a messy blowjob in the car. When they entered the club, Jennifer had a strand of Chris's sticky and gooey jism dripping down the right side of her neck and onto her black knit blouse and several droplets of sperm sprinkled in her soft, auburn hair. She didn't give a fuck. Neither did Becky, the cute girl at the desk who registered them, smiling at them both as she smelled the unmistakable scent of semen and noticed the messy white stuff in Jennifer's hair.

Over the next two days, Chris and Jennifer e-mailed the club's website. "We are new to this Club, my g/f want a Jizzbath Facial Orgy...we will be there next Friday! Cocksucking, and Handjobs, absolutely NO penetration! We will be in the bar area Friday night, about 10:00...look for the girl in the pink tanktop ("GAP") with the kewpie-doll haircut and the guy in the black jeans and white shirt, we'll head into a back room about 11:00. Bring a load, guys!"

***

As Jennifer stroked Chris' cock, rubbing the head of his hard dick all over her face as she licked the shaft, the scent of his excited male pre-cum which was oozing out of his penis was intoxicating! She was aware of the onlookers as they entered into the Play Room of the swingers club which she and Chris had occupied in order to begin a facial cum orgy.

Both were completely naked, laying on the mattress which was in the center of the floor surrounded by lounge chairs which were quickly filling up with patrons. Jennifer and Chris were in a 69 position, with Chris's ass and Jennifer's face to the door so that the first thing anybody saw as they entered the room was Jennifer hovering over her boyfriend, sucking his cock and looking up at them as they entered.

The first couple they had met at the bar, Ken and Traci, had readily agreed to join them and "chaperone".

Ken was at the door to the room, greeting people as they entered, while Traci, a buxom blonde in her 40's with a Farrah-Fawcett retro hairdo, sat on the floor next to the mattress, still fully clothed but rubbing herself, masturbating her cunt through the black jeans she was wearing as she watched Chris and Jennifer pleasure each other.

"Can we participate?" 

"Can I join?"

"Oh Jesus, that is hot...can we watch?"

These are the questions that Ken was asked as patrons of the club began to fill the room.

And Traci, just lying there and masturbating while waiting for the thing to get going, would immediately yell out, "Just jerk off on her face! She wants jizz!"

Jennifer laid on her back, with her boyfriend eating her cunt. As people entered the room, Traci (laying on the floor masturbating)and Ken just told them, "Masturbate all you want, you can cum on her face! This is a face jizz orgy"

Suddenly, Jennifer felt it. As Chris was eating her cunt in a manner that was bringing her to pure pleasure, she felt globs of a stranger's jism splatter onto her face. The warm droplets of jism hitting her face were only the first.

The next guy splattered her square in the face. Traci continued to masturbate wildly as she watched his thick load of goo shoot all over Jennifer's face, depositing a messy load of DNA in the form of gooey white droplets all over her face and neck. 

Jennifer felt several hands on her tits, but she didn't care. Jizz was flying everywhere. Jennifer masturbated wildly as her boyfriend ate her cunt and she felt warm spurts of sperm splurting all over her body. 

A roomful of excited men were masturbating on her, and Jennifer wanted to taste it, feel, it, masturbate to it! Jism splattered all over her cute face and into her hair, leaving traces of gooey jizz everywhere! Jennifer's face was pure semen, with globs of messy jizz plugging her right nostril, one white glob of sperm literally filling her nose! Her fine, brunette hair was splattered with white gobs of sperm

With men hovering around her,

Jennifer tugged at a dick and felt it release its load all over her breast, sticky pleasure squirting onto her tiny tit as another guy ejaculated all over her forehead! As the globs of his semen began to drip down her face, two more guys exploded all over her. One jizz shot splattered her right ear and left a million droplets of baby seed in her hair while another shot all over her belly. 

With his own girlfriend's body being plastered with cum, Chris felt the jism from those men cumming all over Jennifer splattering all over his own body ,but the taste of Jennifer's excited cunt in his face as he ate her with semen spewing all over her gorgeous, lithe body made Jennifer cum, and as she masturbated her boyfriend with jizz spewing all over, Chris came immediately with her! As he spurted goo onto Jennifer's hand, she felt more jism from another guy jacking off hit her right tit and splatter all over the wall behind her!. Jism was dripping off her face onto her belly and thighs, and Jennifer could feel the mess that was sitting in puddles on her body.

Of course, Jennifer didn't even feel it. Her face was literally dripping in jizz as her boyfriend added his cum to the mess!

Jennifer smelt and felt the paste of so much male ejaculate on her body that she was creaming herself She masturbated again as two more guys came on her face! Her body, from belly button to tits to face and hair, was drenched in jizz! Sperm was everywhere, she could've wiped her hand on her face and populated a sperm bank!

Naturally, Chris looked at his girlfriend's gorgeous, jizz-soaked face and began to lick up the mess, tasting the cum off all those strangers as he lapped at Jennifer's sperm-gooey belly, tits, and face. 

Ken and Traci sauntered over, and Traci had taken a few sperm shots of her own. Chris saw the jism splattered all over her lovely blonde hair, the glob hanging off of her right tit and dripping down off her chest, and a glob of really thick jizz just splattered on her forehead. "Who the fuck shot you there?"

Traci nodded to Ken, and as she did the glob of goo dripped off of her forehead in a gooey string, "Do you think I can watch your girlfriend take twenty loads of jism all over that beautiful face and not cum?"

They all left contented that night. Traci with one load of jizz on her face, Jennifer with at least twenty. And the club's manager had a proposition for them about some amateur porno gangbang video. By the end of next week, all four of them had said yes. Jennifer is gonna make porno!