 Jennine was walking through the school hallways towards her next exam, when she heard a door open up behind her. She looked over and saw Richard, a good friend of hers.

"Hey there stranger, haven't seen you since our classes ended," said Richard, looking pleased to have found her.

Jennine walked up to Richard with an innocent smile on her face. "Just been studying a lot, I don't want to fail my courses. What are you up to?"

"Just hanging out with friends in the wood shop, why don't you stay for a while? Exams don't start for another hour," requested Richard.

Jennine thought about it for a second, and gave a devilish grin as she swayed her hips. "Of course I will."

The door closed firmly as Jennine entered the room, catching the attention of all that resided in the wood shop.

Jennine stared at all the men. "Hanging out with friends? It looks like you're hanging out with our entire grade!"

Richard laughed, "Okay, maybe I fibbed that a little bit. Boy what have I been smoking," chuckled Richard.

"Pot!" shouted one of the men. Chris walked up and took a hit of his joint before speaking up again. "Looks like Richard brought us someone to play with." Chris examined Jennine's figure skating body and grinned in response. "So glad it was you he found Jennine."

"What are you talking about?" questioned Jennine. She wasn't always the fastest one at picking up things.

"Never mind," said Richard, as he passed her a joint. "Just have a smoke and spend some time with us. Get you relaxed for your next exam."

Jennine looked at the joint hesitantly. She wasn't that much of a smoker, so the effects it had on her were still incredibly potent. She looked at the clock and questioned if she had enough time to relax. I could really use it... thought Jennine. She had been wound up for weeks in studying and exams. Finally she let the fun side of her get the better, and she reached for the joint and took a hit from it. After a few inhales she began coughing repeatedly, still new to the art of smoking.

"Damn Jennine, it sounds like you're choking on cock or something," laughed Richard as he slapped Jennine's ass and grabbed it firmly.

Jennine let out a yelp and then a sharp moan, the pain and excitement made her jump. "Owww fuck, how do you do that so well. It always hurts more when you do it."

"Lots of practice," replied Richard as he started to caress Jennine's body, feeling along her luscious thighs and ass.

The effects of the pot had already taken effect on Jennine, removing her inhibition to pull away from Richard's openly affectionate gestures. Instead she let out a moan and attracted the attention of the other men. One man had already started to grab her breasts, pushing them together and rubbing them. Jennine went to kiss one of the men but was instead pushed down to her knees where she accidentally kissed his penis. Jennine pulled away in shock, but had to accept the large member into her mouth as it was forced inside. The cock slid deeper into her mouth until most of it was in. Jennine began sucking on it as she moved it out, pressing her tongue up against the shaft as it slid out of her mouth.

By now all of the men had crowded around her. Most were still undressing as she started to suck more vigorously on the first cock, bobbing her head up and down. She was grabbing crotches of other men waiting for their cocks to present themselves, and was soon rewarded when another man moved to the side of her with cock in hand. She eagerly devoured the cock, letting it force its way deep into her throat. She would alternate between the two cocks, eventually letting it become three, then 7, then too many to count. Jennine sucked on each cock with every intention of milking the cum out of it, wanting to swallow every ounce of it. She got her wish when she felt one of the men feeling like they were going to cum soon. Instead of stopping and saving him for later, she sucked him off more intensely, sliding out his entire length and then jamming it all back in rapidly, always having her voluptuous lips wrapped around the man's cock. The man was unable to cope with the miraculous blowjob and withdrew a bit as he blew his load inside her mouth. Jennine savored the semen as it pumped into her mouth, trying to swallow as fast as it was being shot into her mouth. She writhed in enjoyment as she felt the hot cum sliding down her throat all the way to her stomach. Unable to keep up with the incredible amounts of cum, she let a small amount spill out of the corner of her lips, rolling down her cheek and onto her clothed breasts.

Not wanting to get more stains on her clothes, Jennine quickly removed them with the hurried assistance of the men and got back down on her knees to continue her cock sucking marathon. Her jaw was getting sore but she didn't care. She was too busy trying to swallow the men's hot loads of cum. One man reached orgasm and pulled out just before, spraying cum all over her face. Jennine tilted her head up and moaned loudly as she felt the white cum splash onto her face. Wasting no time, Jennine swallowed the closest cock and continued to suck as much as she can. Another man slapped her ass and started to probe her lower region with his fingers, slowly sliding two into her wet pussy. Jennine let out a moan and moved her hips down on the man's fingers, wishing them deeper inside of her. The man responded with withdrawing the fingers and pressing them up against her ass, gently starting to probe the forbidden fruit. Jennine let out a surprised moan and moved away slightly, but then back down onto the fingers to let them explore deeper. She continued sucking off dozens of cocks, occasionally swallowing one of their seeds. She was in the middle of swallowing the load of one man as another let his go all over her face, adding more to an ever increasing amount.

Jennine was starting to slow down her blowjobs until one man pushed her down onto her elbows and positioned himself behind her. Jennine looked back as she saw the man preparing to fuck her ass. Jennine was so excited by the thought of his cock filling her ass she began to suck off the crowd of guys at an increased speed. Without notice she felt the man's cock slide into her ass slowly but not slowly enough to make it a smooth ride. She wasn't too fond of getting her ass fucked, and a forced entry caused her to wince in mild pain. The man buried his incredibly large cock all the way into her ass and slapped her ass as he began to pump it in and out of her tight ass. Jennine let out a deep moan and pushed her ass back onto the man, pushing his cock in deeper. She resumed sucking cocks, with a few blowing a load in her mouth or on her face. Jennine pushed back and forth, sliding one cock out of her mouth while pushing the other deep into her ass, then throating the cock's entire length as the other slid out of her ass. She pushed faster and faster, causing her ass cheeks to slap against the man's hips as his cock thrust inside her ass. 

 The man ass-fucking her soon succumbed to her tight ass, slamming his cock as deep as possible as he unloaded a massive amount of cum in her ass. Jennine felt her ass being filled with his spunk she wriggled in joy and sucked on another cock even harder. The man withdrew from her ass and another quickly took his place, immediately plowing his larger member inside her now eager ass. Jennine had little time to moan before she was lifted off the ground and fell back onto the man's chest, with his cock still penetrating her ass. Another man lifted her legs up and before she could realize what was happening, a cock had slid into her velvety pussy. Jennine screamed in pleasure as both men started to pound into her, filling her ass and pussy at the same time. Jennine had waves of orgasms, constantly in a state of pure ecstasy. Another male had approached to the side of her and she immediately grabbed his rock hard cock and swallowed it whole. Bobbing her head up and down, she sucked on his cock like it was her gift from heaven. Jennine was at the peak of another orgasm as she felt all three of the men pounding into her starting to cum. She convulsed in pleasure as all three of her holes began to be filled with their incredibly large seeds. 

 Nearing exhaustion, Jennine paused for a moment to take in all of the erotic feelings she was experiencing. The men disengaged their dicks from her holes and guided her on to her knees, where several more men waited, stroking their cocks fiercely. Jennine was a little dazed and it took her a while to realize what was about to happen. Feeling her hair being pulled back, she tipped her head up in compliance. Immediately she felt massive amounts of hot, white, sticky cum being blasted all over her face and chest, splashing into her hair and inside her gaping mouth. Trying to swallow the cum to be able to breath, Jennine gasped for air. The expended woman looked around to see most of the men getting clothed and exiting the shop, leaving her on her knees naked with cum plastered all over her.

 Cleaning up took more time than Jennine thought, washing off the final spot of cum on her body at the sink. Putting on her clothes Jennine looked over and saw Richard fiddling with a camera.

"Gonna take some pictures of me?" Joked Jennine as she lifted up her shirt to expose her breasts.

"No, this thing's full," replied Richard.

Looking at the time, Jennine quickly put on her shoes and headed out towards the door. Just before leaving, Jennine looked over at Richard. "Uh... Richard. Are you going to tell anyone about this? I got a little ahead of myself and I don't really want to be known as a girl that goes around getting gang banged for the fun of it."

"Don't worry Jennine," chuckled Richard, "your secret's safe with me. Now run along, don't want to be late for your exam."

"Right, see you later."

 Jennine started walking in the hall towards her exam and felt the cum still inside of her as she moved. Her teacher saw her as she entered the room of her exam and went over to talk to her.

"You're barely on time Jennine," scowled the teacher. The teacher noticed a stain on her shirt. "You might want to change your shirt after the exam. What is that, glue?"

Jennine turned bright red as she realized she didn't clean the cum on her shirt and quickly nodded. "Yeah, I got a little carried away and some landed on my shirt."

The teacher laughed and handed her the exam, and Jennine sat down and started.

Jennine looked at the title of the exam and giggled.

'Parenting 101'