 My boyfriend, Nick and I met a couple of months ago.  We were both looking for something but not really expecting anything more than a one-night stand when we found each other.  Nick has been divorced for four years, but is raising his daughter by himself so he hasn’t had time to cultivate any new relationships.  He is a very good-looking man so he can pretty much take his pick of women.  He is 5’10” tall, has that rare combination of dark hair and blue eyes, and he fills out a pair of jeans nicely.  I am recently divorced after years of marriage to the same man.  We had enough in common to make the night intriguing and we’ve been together ever since.

We don’t live in the same town so on the nights when we can’t be together we talk about everything under the sun and run our phone bills up outrageously high talking long into the night.  It didn’t take very many nights for me to realize that Nick is very adventurous.  His sexual experience far surpasses mine but even with all he has tried, we have found a few things that he hasn’t done.  I might as well be a virgin compared to him but I’ll admit I’m learning and I love the class time and the teacher!

	Except for a wicked sense of humor, I am a shy, quiet person who my friends describe as nice and sweet.  How bland!  Nick has awakened a sexual goddess inside me who I never knew existed.  The goddess likes things the quiet Jada never even dreamed about.  I now actually shop in adult bookstores and I have even contemplating buying a harness and strap-on cock to use in play with Nick.  He is always telling me to be open to new things.  One of the things he wants me to be open to is a sexual encounter with another woman.  I had never considered such a thing but I found myself intrigued by the idea.  I had even begun to look at other women trying to gauge what my type might be.  Then Hayley started working in the office next door.

As soon as I saw her, I knew I had found the woman who epitomized my type.  As it happens, Hayley looks a lot like me.  We both have long brown hair and brown eyes but her face is dotted with the most adorable freckles and a cute, little, turned up nose.  We are the same height at 5’8” but I’ll admit her figure is better than mine.  She is married to a 6’ tall, good-looking, blond man named David.  They make a cute couple and are obviously in love with each other.  I had several casual conversations with Hayley but hadn’t even thought about approaching her about sex when we found ourselves in the restroom at the same time one afternoon.

Her bra strap had broken and she had on a complicated, layered outfit that would have been time consuming to remove in order to fix the strap herself.  When I walked in she looked on the verge of tears.  I immediately went to her to ask her what was wrong.  She explained about the strap and asked if I could help her.

“Certainly, just unbutton your blouse a little to give me some room,” I answered.  She complied and stood there watching me in the mirror while I used the safety pin she was holding to reattach the strap to the back of her bra.  While I was adjusting it, I had a perfect view down her blouse.  Her breasts were firm and as I worked on the strap I noticed her nipple had gotten hard.  I couldn’t help looking at it and when I glanced up, our eyes met in the mirror.  I blushed at being caught looking at her breasts and moved my eyes back to my task.

When I finished, she adjusted herself inside the bra and buttoned her blouse.  I couldn’t look at her face but did notice that her nipples were still firm beneath her clothes.  I felt her hand on my arm as I turned to leave.

“Thank you,” she said quietly.

I looked at her hand on my arm and nodded.  I was embarrassed and just wanted to slip away but she continued to hold my arm.

“Can I ask you something?” she asked.

“Certainly,” I replied.

“You have a boyfriend, right?”

“Ummm, yes I do,” I answered.  I turned to look at her and waited for her next question.

“Do you ever do anything with other couples?”

“What do you mean?  Like double date?” I asked.

“Well, yes.  Dating, but I also wondered about other things.  Sexual things.”  She paused and looked at me.

I didn’t know what she meant for sure and I was worried she would think ill of me after I looked at her breast.  I was trying to think of what to say when she continued.

“You see, David and I have been married for a few years and we sometimes like to play to add a little spice to our relationship.  But, we are new to town and you seem so nice and your boyfriend is cute so I thought maybe….” her voice trailed away.  “You seemed interested,” she finished as she gestured at her breast.

I blushed again and nodded my understanding of what she was asking.
“We have talked about playing a little but didn’t really know how to go about it,” I answered.  “What did you have in mind?”

“Well, we don’t know what the guys will think of this or each other so I thought we could get together this Saturday night and go out.  Then, if things seem okay, we could see where the evening leads.”

I thought about what she said and we agreed that if anyone didn’t like it, we could go our separate ways at the end of the evening with no hard feelings.  We each agreed to clue our men in on the plan and get their agreement to the preliminary date before we proceeded.  I was tingling with excitement and I wondered what Nick would think about it. 

	Later that night, Nick and I talked about the strap-on we intended to purchase.  Nick enjoys having his asshole played with and the idea of my fucking him with a strap-on sexually excited both of us.  We discussed the texture of the various types we had seen in stores and then compared them to the feel of a real cock.  That conversation was the perfect lead in to a discussion about how a real cock would feel.  From there it was a simple matter to tell him about the plans for Saturday night.  Instead of being nervous and vetoing the idea immediately, Nick was open to it.  He said he hoped it would be an opportunity for each of us to experiment and not just an opportunity to swap partners.  He said he was content with the partner he had if that was all this evening was for.	

Naturally his words thrilled me but I too wondered if that was all David and Hayley had in mind.  As it turned out, swapping partners wasn’t what they wanted and that night is one I will never forget.

We arrived at the restaurant right on time.  David and Hayley were just getting out of their car.  Our reservation was for 7:00 and the plan Hayley and I settled on was that if either of us didn’t want to continue, we would discuss going to the movies.  We could easily make a 9:00 movie and that would be the signal that we were going to go our separate ways.  If we wanted the evening to progress like Hayley and I planned, the movie would be out and we would rendezvous at Hayley and David’s house.  Nick took one look at Hayley and David and hugged me close to his side.

“They look like fun,” he whispered in my ear.

We went in and they seated us at a table for four.  It was a nice restaurant with tablecloths that hung down over our laps.  It was the kind of restaurant Nick and I favor since we like to tease each other when we go out.  If there is a long tablecloth, you can touch each other under the table without any other diners ever being aware of your actions.  I wasn’t surprised to find Nick’s hand caressing my thigh during dinner, but I was a little surprised when I felt David’s foot slide up my calf during dessert.  When I dropped my napkin and bent down to retrieve it I noticed David’s hand was under Hayley’s skirt and he had a large bulge pressing against his fly.  I think we all knew the movie was out long before the check arrived.

When we were walking out I felt a hand slide down my back and over my ass.  Nick was still putting his wallet away so I knew the hand wasn’t his.  When I looked up into David’s eyes he winked at me.  Any nervousness I might have felt was banished by that wink.  I didn’t know what was going to happen but somehow I knew that whatever did, we were going to enjoy it.

Nick and I held hands as we followed them to their house.  I was excited and so was Nick.  Every time we stopped for a light, Nick would pull me over for a kiss.  As we moved from the well-lit business district into the darker residential area where they lived, he dropped my hand so he could caress my breast through my clothes.  I was getting very wet and my hand cupped the bulge in Nick’s pants.  He stretched his legs out a little to give me more room as I rubbed him through the fabric.

“Oh, baby,” he moaned as I caressed him.  “Are you ready for this?”

“Yes, but only if you are,” I answered.

“Let’s agree now that if we don’t like anything, we say so and we leave if necessary, okay?”

“Of course,” I agreed.  That seemed like the perfect out in case David wanted to do something that Nick didn’t like.  We arrived at their house and watched their car disappear into the garage.  Nick parked in the driveway behind them and we got out.  By the time we got to the door, Hayley had it open and was beckoning us in.

“Make yourselves comfortable,” she said.

David had brought some wine into the living room and was pouring each of us a glass.  He smiled when we entered.

“I don’t think we need to tell anyone how excited we all are do we?” he asked as he passed the glasses around.  “Let’s relax a little.”

Nick and I sat down on a large couch and Hayley sat down next to Nick.  David sat down beside me and we all looked at each other and broke out laughing.  I guess it was nervous tension but whatever caused it, it broke the ice.  David set his glass down on the coffee table in front of the couch and reached out to take my glass from me.  I let him have it and glanced at Nick.  He was staring at Hayley who had stood up and was unbuttoning her blouse.

I felt David’s hand on my chin and then his lips were against mine.  He was a very good kisser and he pulled me closer to him.  His tongue was warm and wet and tasted of the wine.  He smelled wonderful and I remember wondering what kind of cologne he was wearing.  I really got into the kiss and soon he was unbuttoning my blouse as well.  I looked over at Hayley and Nick and she was kneeling on his lap with her breasts in his face.  He was licking and sucking her nipples while she held his head against her.

I turned back to David as I felt his breath on my own breasts.  My bra was hanging open and my nipples were becoming hard.  He wasted no time in licking them to their full hardness.  When he pinched one between his lips I couldn’t help moaning.  He gave it a tug and I pulled his head against me.  I was getting wet and an ache was developing in my pussy.  He stripped my blouse and bra off me and pulled me up off the couch.  His hands opened my jeans and he put his hands inside the back and squeezed my ass cheeks.  I grabbed the bottom of his shirt where it was hanging loose outside his jeans and pulled it over his head.  He kneeled in front of me and pulled my jeans down leaving my panties on.  He pressed his face against my pussy and rubbed his nose hard against me.

I glanced over my shoulder and saw that Hayley was completely naked standing in front of Nick while she undressed him.  He was visibly hard and he sucked in his breath when she lowered the zipper on his jeans.  His cock is a lovely sight when it is hard as it was then.  The head was swollen and red and she stroked him a couple of times before letting him go.  

David helped me step out of my jeans and then waited while I unbuttoned his.  He was hard as well and his cock pressed firmly against the zipper as I tried to lower it.  I was afraid I might hurt him and said so.  David stepped back and removed his jeans.  When he straightened up I saw that indeed he was as hard as Nick.  We both still had our underwear on but his cock was pushing hard against the front of his.  I reached out and caressed it through his underwear and he groaned and pushed himself against my hand.  I stroked his length and felt the slide of the underwear against his skin.  I dropped down to my knees and nuzzled against his cock with my mouth.  There is something so sensuous about the feel of a cock through cloth.  Finally, I pulled them down to free his cock.  It was just as long as Nick’s and I could see pre-cum oozing out of the slit at the end.

I felt a hand on my back and turned to see Hayley standing behind me.  I thought she wanted David, but before I could stand up and step out of the way, she reached down and stroked my cheek.  She pulled me up and her lips pressed against mine.  She turned me so we would be pressed fully against each other from breast to thigh.  I put my arms around her and kissed her back.  She tasted sweet like the wine and I felt her nipples pressed against my breasts.

She moved back a little and her hands moved up to touch me.  My nipples were hard and aching to be touched.  She took one in her mouth and sucked hard on it.  I couldn’t hold back a moan as I brushed her hair back and held her head against me.  She licked and sucked my nipples as I continued to moan.  Finally I couldn’t take anymore and pulled away.  When she looked up at me, I moved my hands to her breasts.  They were firm and the nipples were light pink in contrast to my brown ones.  I stroked one and it hardened immediately.  I bent my head and touched it with the tip of my tongue.  This time it was Hayley who moaned.  Her hand moved down her body and she rubbed her hand over her pussy as I sucked one of her nipples into my mouth.  I continued to suck until my mouth was full of her breast.

“Oh, Jada,” she moaned as I pressed her other breast into my mouth.  It was like nothing I had ever felt before.  Her nipples went from soft to hard as I switched back and forth between them.

The guys were each watching us and I saw Nick reach down and begin to stroke his cock.  As Hayley moved her head down to my nipples I watched David approach Nick.

“We can watch them or we can have some fun ourselves,” he said.

Nick looked at him for a long, skeptical second before he answered.  “What have you got in mind?”

‘Nothing you don’t want to do,” David replied.  With that he reached out and ran his hand down Nick’s chest to his groin.  I watched him run his hand over the length of Nick’s cock.  Nick’s hands were at his sides and slowly one came up to touch David.  He seemed to be measuring David as his hand covered his cock and ran down to run over David’s balls.  I was fascinated.  I had never seen anything like it and I could feel my juices flowing as I anticipated what might happen next.

“Have you ever been fucked?” David asked Nick in a whisper as they continued to stroke each other.

“No.”

“Would you like to know what they feel like when we fuck them?” he asked, motioning toward us.  I held my breath waiting to see what Nick would say.  I let it out on a sigh when I saw Nick slowly nod.

Hayley and I stood and watched while David reached for a tube of some kind of lubrication from the table behind the couch.  We all watched as he squirted a generous amount onto his cock.  He smoothed it down the shaft and up over the head until the entire length was coated in the wet, slimy ointment.  Nick’s eyes were large as David came up to him and slowly reached a hand back down to Nick’s cock.  It jumped in David’s hand and David groaned.  He stroked it a couple of times and we watched a bead of pre-cum form on the tip.  My eyes moved to Nick’s face and I saw the excitement there.  The question of rightness passed between us and I smiled my acceptance of whatever this night might bring.

Hayley and I moved to sit on the couch and watch as Nick bent over the coffee table.  His ass was in the air and David smiled his appreciation of the sight.  He then squirted some of the wet lubrication onto Nick’s asshole while we watched.  I couldn’t take my eyes off them.  He positioned his cock head against Nick’s ass and slowly rubbed it up and down a couple of times.  I watched more pre-cum form on Nick’s cock and slowly drip onto the coffee table.  Finally David was ready.  He pressed the head of his cock against that little hole and we watched it start to slide in.  David kept up the pressure while he held Nick’s hips still.  We heard an audible groan from both men signaling the moment when the head popped in.  Nick’s cock was sticking straight out and dripping a steady stream of pre-cum onto the table’s surface.  Beads of sweat had begun to pop out on David’s forehead.  I didn’t know if they were from excitement or the effort he was putting into going slow.

He moved his hips against Nick and worked a little more of his cock into Nick’s ass.  He kept pressing against him and then pulling back.  Each time we watched more of his cock disappear into Nick’s ass.  It was incredibly exciting for some reason.  I never thought I would ever be so turned on watching two guys together.  Nick was gripping the edges of the table so tightly we could see his knuckles turn white.  Whether it was from pain or excitement, I didn’t know.  It didn’t take long to find out.  As David continued pressing his cock into Nick’s ass we heard a soft sound from Nick.  He was pressing back against David trying to get him to put his whole cock inside.  I shouldn’t have been surprised.  Once Nick decides on a course of action he puts himself into it wholeheartedly.

“God man, quit playing around and fuck me,” he begged.  With that David thrust his entire cock into Nick’s ass.  Nick’s cock jumped again.  David’s face was red from excitement and he started sliding back and thrusting forward.  His thrusts got steadily faster and he was gripping Nick’s hips tightly.  We could hear his balls slap against Nick’s ass with each thrust.  

“You are so tight,” he groaned.  “I can’t wait much longer.”  He thrust in again hard and I saw Nick’s balls were tight against his shaft.  I knew it wouldn’t be long before he came.  

“I’m cumming,” Nick groaned as David slammed into him again and pulled back at almost the same time.  He thrust into Nick again and we watched as a long stripe of cum shot across the coffee table.  David thrust again and we watched more of that creamy cum splash out onto the table.  He continued to thrust in and out as the puddle grew larger and finally the spurts of cum stopped.  I looked back at David and watched him shudder against Nick as he shot his load into Nick’s ass.  I was a little disappointed that we hadn’t gotten to see David cum.

I looked over at Hayley and she was rubbing her clit as she watched the guys with eyes bright with lust.  She looked at me and moved her hand from her clit to mine.  I was swollen and wet with the need to cum.  She rubbed her fingers over and around my clit and I knew it wouldn’t be long before I would cum as well.  She removed her fingers and bent her head down to my pussy.  David pulled my shoulders back until I was reclining against the couch and Nick moved to Hayley as she pressed her lips against my clit.  I couldn’t see David but I could see Nick’s cock and it was still partially hard.

Before I could wonder what was going to happen next, Hayley’s lips closed on my clit and she started sucking on it and running her tongue down my slit.  I moaned and came against her tongue.  Nick positioned himself behind Hayley and pulled her hips up so he could thrust into her from behind.  She moaned and reached down her body to caress his balls.  David moved to the side and I could see him washing his cock off with a washcloth he had gotten from somewhere.  He was hard again, too.

I pulled my legs from under Hayley and sat on the edge of the couch watching Nick fuck her.  David came around and stood in front of me.  His hard cock head was right near my lips.  I pulled it closer and started licking him.  He began to gently thrust against my face as I bathed his cock with my tongue.  Finally I let it slide inside my mouth as my hand reached up to caress his balls.  I licked and sucked on his cock until it started leaking pre-cum again.  I looked over at Nick and Hayley and saw that she had moved so she was licking and sucking him as well.  They were on the floor and Nick had his face buried in her pussy.  I couldn’t see what he was doing but I could see her hips bucking up off the floor as she humped against his face.
