 Chapter 12

HOTEL OWNER'S SON

My decision to leave my long term employer had been a difficult one but I had been close to a breakdown because of the very long working hours and I wanted to try and get a further degree at college. Jack had been concerned that if I left we would not have the same opportunities to see each other as much but as it turned out we were able to see each other more. Jack still visited my old company but made his visits to them short and efficient. He added extra days to his visit schedule so that we could spend more time together. I had found a temporary job to pay the bills whilst studying for my new degree and was able to take off as much time as I wanted for 'study.' The study time was for my degree but when ever Jack was visiting he always joked that my time off was for my advanced sex education degree.

Jack had managed to arrange an extended visit and I had arranged for us to go away and stay in the countryside for a few days in a very large private house. I found the house on an internet site and it sounded idyllic. It was situated in quiet farmland with accommodation for four couples. 

We drove to the house, a journey of three hours or so and when we arrived I was pleased that it looked bigger and better than I had imagined. 

We parked the car and were met by a woman who turned out to be the owner. 

Before setting off that morning Jack had persuaded me to wear one of the sexy bras from the lingerie shop under my T shirt. During the long drive I had become accustomed to the feeling of my uncovered nipples rubbing against the fabric of my T shirt but as I got out of the car I saw the woman momentarily glance at my chest and wondered if she had noticed. It did not matter of course whether she noticed or not but I still felt shy at the thought of my nipples showing through my T shirt in public, something that Jack seemed to enjoy.

She introduced us to her son, Jin who then gave us a tour of the guest house; the mother and son apparently living next door in a smaller property.

Jin was very polite and charming but I realised immediately that he had noticed my protruding nipples. He was probably only around eighteen or nineteen years old but more than once I caught him looking at my chest. Each time he realised I had seen him looking he looked embarrassed and quickly averted his gaze, but somehow he could not stop him self looking again. I felt a little shy but also flattered that at my age I was still capable of attracting the attention of a much younger man. 

Jin was soon showing a good sense of humour and was very welcoming to us both.

He showed us around the large guest house which consisted of a large ground floor entrance hall where he had a reception desk. Around this were four large rooms with couches, tables etc for relaxing in doors.

The reception area was dominated by a large open sweeping staircase that led up to the second or bedroom floor. At the top of the staircase there was another large area with four bedrooms, two on each side. The central landing area had a large screen TV and comfortable looking arm chairs and couches. 

Jin then showed us each of the bedrooms and seeing the puzzled expression on my face he said, "It is mid week and you are our only guests. Please choose which ever bedroom you like the most."

He then left us saying, "I will be down stairs at my desk. Just choose a room and then come and tell me"

Jack and I checked out each of the four bedrooms in turn. As soon as Jin went down stairs Jack teased me, telling me how he had noticed the young man checking out my nipples.

In one of the rooms, as I was standing in front of one of the large mirrors, Jack came up behind me, put his arms around me and then lifted the T shirt right up over my bra. 

"I bet young Jin would love to see you like this," he teased as he cupped my breasts and pinched each of my exposed nipples between his finger and thumb.

I suppose it was then that Jack had planted the seed in my head but at the time I just laughed and said, "Yes, in his dreams!"

"In his wet dreams," Jack added with a chuckle.

After seeing all four rooms we chose what we thought was the best and went down to tell Jin. He entered some details on his computer and then handed us the keys.

Unknown to me at the time Jack had noticed Jin hurriedly close down a web page as we approached his desk.

Jin then collected our bags, carried them up to our room and then said we should join him and his mother in around ten minutes or so in their house for lunch. As Jin left the guest house Jack sneaked behind the desk and started to check Jin's computer.

"What are you doing?" I said in a stage whisper.

I'm just checking what he was looking at when we came down the stairs. I felt a little awkward and to be honest, embarrassed in case he or his mother came back and caught Jack. However I was now also curious.

I waited as look out while Jack checked the history and suddenly I heard Jack exclaim, "Jenny, come and look at this."

I moved behind the desk with Jack, still nervous about being caught and then looked at Jin's computer screen. The banner across the top said, 'Mums you'd like to fuck.'

I watched as Jack hit the play icon on the movie that Jin had been watching.

Unlike what I considered the usual young porno stars I found my self gazing inquisitively at a woman of about the same age as me. Two naked men were busy taking off her clothes. She was dressed like any other mum you would see taking the kids to school; sensible conservative outer coat and a plain grey skirt and blouse. Still aware of Jin or his mum returning and catching us, Jack and I were both intrigued to watch. The woman's coat, skirt and blouse were soon removed and tossed aside and she was looking directly at the camera. She looked a little shy and uncertain and I wondered if it was just good acting or maybe her first time. One of the men whispered something in her ear and she nodded shyly. 

He reached behind her and quickly and efficiently took off her bra. She shyly tried to cover her breasts but giggled as both men pulled her hands away to reveal her breasts to the camera.

The woman was wriggling as the camera roamed down over her body to reveal that one of the men had his hand between legs. She struggled playfully as the men pulled down her panties and then held her legs open for the camera. I could feel my self becoming aroused as I watched and noticed Jack fiddle with his trousers, obviously adjusting his erection.

Jack and I watched keenly as the men lifted up the woman and carried her to a bed. They arranged her in a kneeling position and then one man knelt in front of her and the other knelt behind.

The camera zoomed in as the man behind encouraged the woman to push her bum up and spread her thighs. His fingers were soon teasing and displaying her wet labia for the camera. He then opened her with his fingers and without any further foreplay moved up behind and pushed his erect penis all the way into her vagina. The camera switched to her face as she closed her eyes and winced momentarily at the sudden invasion of her vagina.

Her eyes then opened again as the other man brushed the head of his erection across her lips. She opened her mouth and the man slid his penis inside. The camera then moved back to capture the whole scene of her having an erect penis in her mouth and vagina at the same time. Both men were already thrusting into her from each end and her breasts were swaying in time with the men's thrusts as they hung beneath her.

The men were soon having their orgasms and the scene cut to the woman laying on the bed alone on her back and looking exhausted. The camera moved slowly from her face and mouth, still dribbling from the man's ejaculation, down over her rounded belly to her open vagina being displayed boldly by the woman, her thighs wide open and fingers pulling her labia apart to show the other man's seminal fluid still dribbling from her.

Jack closed the movie, looked at me and said, "Wow!"

We heard Jin returning and quickly moved to the door. "Lunch is ready," he said, "please follow me down to the house; my mother is waiting for us."

Jin and his mum left us alone to enjoy a delicious home cooked meal. When we were sure they were out of earshot Jack said, "So what did you make of his taste in movies then?"

I hesitated, knowing that the movie was very typical of Jack's fantasies, "I found it very erotic."

"Did it turn you on?" he asked.

I was actually blushing a little as I said, "Yes, I'm still wet!"

I could see that Jack was about to say something but then changed his mind. 

We finished the meal and as we moved from the table and made our way back to our room I turned to Jack and said, "What were you about to say to me earlier?"

Jack gripped my hand and said, "I had a wild idea of giving Jin a special treat!"

I gave Jack a playful slap on his bum as I said, "And what form would this special treat take?"

"No, just forget it Jenny, it was just me allowing my imaginative mind to wander."

We made our way up to our room, passing Jin who was sitting behind his computer at his desk. As we passed him he said, "Hello, did you both enjoy your lunch?"

I wondered if it was just my imagination but as I replied, "yes it was delicious thank you," he seemed to be checking me out.

We got up to our room, entered and closed the door behind us.

Before I could say anything Jack said, did you notice how he was checking you out? I think he was fantasizing about you being in one of his favourite movies, especially the one we watched just before lunch!"

As he spoke, Jack pulled me to him and hugged me in his strong arms. I could instantly feel the bulge of his erection pressing against me. Our lips met and we hungrily kissed each other. There was a strong sense of urgency in both of us as we almost ripped each others clothes off in between long wet kisses and embraces. I found Jack's urgent desire for me very arousing and by the time he was ripping off my knickers they felt as though they were soaking wet. He scooped me up in his arms and carried be to the large bed. As he laid me down I could see both the love and lust in his eyes as he said, "Jenny, you're so sexy I just cannot resist." 

He almost jumped on top me, roughly squeezing my breasts as he urgently coaxed my legs open with his feet. I did not need much coaxing and willingly opened my legs wide desperate to feel him inside me. I felt his fingers reaching between us, opening my wet labia ready for him. I felt the head of his penis find its target and said huskily in his ear, "Take me Jack. Fuck me. I want you inside me my darling."

Before I had finished speaking he pushed the whole length of his erect penis into me in one long powerful thrust. "Just take me Jack I gasped. Fuck me and fill me with your spunk."

His hands moved beneath me and gripped my buttocks. I felt his fingers pressing into the soft flesh as he did as I asked and pounded his penis into me. I could feel a more urgent desire than usual, a little less attentive to my needs but full of lust and strong desire.

I wanted to feel every inch of him and lifted my knees right up until Jacks body was pressing the backs of my thighs with each powerful thrust. His thrusts were becoming more and more powerful and his body was already glistening with sweat. His breath was hot and urgent in my ear as his whole body tensed and his penis felt as if it had grown bigger inside me. His heavy breaths became low animal like groans of pleasure as suddenly he dug his fingers painfully into my buttocks and ejaculated his hot fluids deep inside me. My own orgasm was not far away and as Jack's strokes started to slow I thrust my self against him, putting my hands on his buttocks holding him and keeping him inside me. I dug my fingers into his strong buttocks as my orgasm was released and my screams filled the room.

We remained joined together for ages in a sweaty tangle of limbs until Jack's penis started to soften and I felt his fluids start to trickle out of me.

Jack then rolled off and, gazing into my eyes said, "I love you Jenny, you are just perfect and very sexy."

Later that afternoon after having a shower together we went out and did some sight-seeing. As we left the house Jin wished us a good afternoon.

Jack teased me for most of the rest of the day about how noisy I was when I had my orgasm and that the son, Jin, must have heard us.

I then teased Jack saying, "So what made you so horny after lunch?"

He looked at me, hesitated for a moment and then said, "It was the porno movie that Jin had been watching. I could not get the image out of my mind, images of you being the woman in the film."

I wanted to ask the next obvious question but felt hesitant because I was already sure I knew the answer. We talked about other topics for a while but then, full of curiosity I said, "Jack, when you imagined me as the woman in the film who were the two men?"

He laughed but I could see that the idea was already settling in his head as he said, "the men were the hotel owner's son Jin and me."

"I see," I replied and then quickly changed the subject.

By the time we got back it was quite late and after our exhausting day we decided to get some sleep and go to bed early. 

Jin greeted us, "hello you two, I hope you had a good afternoon," as we walked through the door. Very polite I thought and very charming. As before though I could feel his eyes checking me out as we walked past and then went up the stairs.

We were soon both undressed and in bed. We talked for a while and it was me who raised the subject of Jin. "Do you think he has ever been with a woman?" I asked Jack.

"I would have thought so; after all he is quite handsome and must be old enough to have had a girlfriend."

"Maybe she wont let him touch her," I said, "when I was that age boys always wanted to feel my breasts or shove their hands up under my skirt but I had always been brought up to be a 'good girl' and save myself until marriage. We are in the countryside here and the old fashioned ideas are probably still quite prevalent."

"I'll ask him," Jack said with a smile.

"You can't just ask him things like that," I protested, "you'll embarrass him."

"We'll see I'm sure I can befriend him and find out.

We chatted some more but then soon fell asleep in each others arms after our exhausting day.

The morning came and, after getting dressed we went to the main house for breakfast. Jack had persuaded me to wear one of the sexy bras again under a fairly thin shirt. As we walked into the house Jin was preparing breakfast and, after greeting us with a smile and, "good morning," he served the breakfast and then, at Jack's request, sat down and joined us.

Jin was finding it difficult to keep his eyes off of my shirt or, more specifically, the obvious protrusion of my nipples. After a short while Jack seemed to be getting on very well with him as they discussed various topics. 

Jack brought the subject round to girlfriends and sensing Jin's embarrassment I made an excuse to leave the table and leave the two of them to their men's talk.

I returned to our room and waited for Jack. After what seemed like hours he returned grinning.

"So?" I asked, more eager to learn more about Jin than I cared to admit to Jack.

"He has a girlfriend but as you suspected she does not let him fuck her."

"Wow, how did you find that out so quickly?" I asked. 

"Oh, we just got chatting and after a while he seemed to open up and we chatted like old friends. He even told me how attractive he finds you!"

"Jack continued, "With some encouragement from me Jin confessed that his girl friend allows him to touch her tits and touch her between the legs but strictly through her knickers, no actual touching of flesh or fingering. She also, probably to temporarily take away his persistent trying, relieves him with her hand."

I was amazed that Jack was able to find this out so readily but then I was not familiar with the way in which men seemed to be at ease discussing these things.

We prepared to go out for the rest of the day sight-seeing again and during the day, the subject of Jin seemed to crop up quite regularly, mainly instigated by Jack. Although there were a few times when I jokingly suggested that I should let Jin see me dressed in my sexy underwear.

This seemed to spark Jack's imagination as he asked, "would you really do that?"

I played along saying, "maybe if the mood was right and with your encouragement."

I dismissed my suggestion as just light hearted chat to excite Jacks fantasies but later that evening, after returning home it started to become reality.

When we arrived back Jin welcomed us as usual saying, "Welcome back have you eaten yet?"

After we replied that we hadn't he said, "My mother has gone out for the evening but she has prepared enough food for all of us. Would you like me to bring some food to your room?"

Jack glanced at me, a glint of mischief in his eyes as he said, "That would be nice Jin. Why don't you join us upstairs, there's plenty of room and we would enjoy your company."

"I would hate to intrude on your privacy are you sure you want me to join you?"

"Of course," replied Jack, "no problem, give us an hour to get washed and changed and then we would love to see you and share a meal with you."

We went upstairs and were soon inside the bedroom. I could still see the mischievous look in Jack's eyes as I said, "OK, so what naughty plans have you already made in the fantasy world of your mind Jack?"

He chuckled as he said, "I thought you might like to wear all of your sexy underwear underneath that short summer dress you have brought with you and see how Jin reacts."

Jack then started to undress me saying, "come on we need to take a shower and get you ready!"

"Ready for what?" I asked, feeling a little apprehensive and not sure I wanted the honest answer.

Jack gazed into my eyes saying, "remember the art class Jenny, posing for Tom and then the camera club?"

I felt my cheeks flush as Jack continued, "I just thought that I might persuade you to pose for Jin. I would love to see that."

"I'm not sure I'm brave enough Jack."

"But what about Tom and the camera club you found the courage then?"

That was different, they were older men and you know I have always felt more comfortable in the company of older men. Jin looks so young and I'm not sure I have the courage."

"I tell you what," said Jack, "let's have our shower and get you dressed sexily before Jin comes and then we'll just see what happens."

I looked at Jack, the glint in his eye, knowing that some kind of naughty experience with Jin would really turn him on.

"OK," I said, but you'll have to encourage me and I'm not promising anything."

Jack seemed happy with that and soon had me undressed and ready for a shower. 

I had to nag him to hurry in the shower as he kept caressing me and saying things like, "imagine this is Jin's hand," as he ran his large hands over my breasts and then between my legs.

We finished the shower and while I finished drying my self Jack hurried to the wardrobe. When I walked back in from the shower room to the bedroom I saw he had already laid out his choice of underwear on the bed.

I looked at the flimsy scraps of black lace and the dark stockings that were laid on the bed and then the large grin on Jack's face. 

"I thought the black lace would look incredibly sexy contrasted with your pale skin and the yellow of your summer dress."

Jack was already dressed and sat on a chair as he waited to watch me getting dressed.

I lifted the knickers up and spent some time working out which small strip of lace went where. Finally, having worked it out I pulled them on and then faced Jack to let him watch as I arranged the two strips of lace between my legs to pass either side of my smooth hair free labia.
