 CHAPTER 22 

MY ELDEST DAUGHTER GRACE WAS NEXT ON JACK'S LIST 

GRACE'S STORY 

1. 

Being much more of an academic than my younger sister Lili I was enjoying life at university and I liked the atmosphere of the lecture halls and was keen to pass my degree with flying colours. I suppose I am what many people would describe as a bit geeky or a nerd. I find that I much prefer the company of older people rather than going to parties or drinking with the other students. Over the past year I felt very grown up and privileged having been accepted by the faculty academics as part of their circle of friends; socialising with the lecturers and their friends rather than the other students. 

I was studying art history and we had spent quite a few weeks studying and discussing erotic art. 

During the first lecture on the subject we were introduced to a guest lecturer, an expert called Tom. I warmed to him instantly with his easy charm and friendly nature. I was one of only two girls in our study group and after the first of his lectures he made a point of catching us both as the others filed out of the room. 

He asked us both if we felt comfortable with the subject matter as most of the pictures featured naked or semi naked women in various poses and some of the boys in the group had shown their enthusiasm by commenting quite openly regarding the physical attributes of the models in the pictures. 

We both told him that it was OK and the other girl then hastily left. In reality I did feel a little embarrassed by the sexual nature depicted in some of the pictures. I was OK with the classic nudes and found them quite beautiful but the more erotic paintings did make me feel a little uncomfortable when viewing them with the boys. I'm not certain if Tom had sensed my discomfort during his lecture but there was no way I was going to admit it to him because I thought it would make me appear juvenile and unsophisticated. 

Tom followed me to the door and then caught my elbow, stopping me as he turned me to face him. Close up he made me feel kind of weak at the knees as his dark piercing eyes gazed directly into mine. With his free hand he briefly stroked my cheek before saying, "It's Grace isn't it?" 

"Yes," I mumbled, mesmerised by his firm gaze and warm smile. 

"Grace, as well as lecturing I am a respected artist and as such am always on the lookout for models. You have a beautifully innocent face and I'd love to capture that innocence in a painting." 

As he spoke I felt like I was in a dream. No one had ever referred to me as beautiful and I felt extremely flattered. 

"Would you pose for me Grace; be my model?" 

"Me!" I stammered, "why me? There must be hundreds of girls here more suitable than me; pretty girls, girls who wear more revealing clothes." 

His hand still gripped my elbow and his dark piercing eyes held me in his gaze as he replied, "Grace, I can see the innocence in your eyes and a certain naivety that shines out from you that would make you such an ideal model and besides, you are not like the other childish students. Despite your young age I sense a certain maturity in your demeanour." 

I blushed when he used the words innocence and naivety knowing that they were almost true. If those words were a judgment of my experience with boys, then they were true. I'd had a few boyfriends, nothing too serious but it had been my experience so far that they always seemed more interested in trying to get their hands under my clothes than in me as a person. I was not a virgin and lost my virginity at eighteen on a night out with my then boyfriend. To be honest the experience was OK but not great. We had been petting for a while and, giving in to my boyfriend's constant pleading, I felt that it was time to go further. 

In the weeks before I had enjoyed the feeling of letting him put his hand inside my knickers. His touch was clumsy and awkward but the feeling of naughtiness and having another hand other than my own between my legs was enjoyable. During these petting sessions I had also made him ejaculate using my hand. I remembered the first time that he unzipped himself and then guided my hand to his erection. I was both curious and amazed by how big and hard it felt in my hand. I did as he asked, wrapped my fingers around it and then rubbed it as he quickly thrust himself back and forth in my hand until he ejaculated. I remember being curious to actually watch him ejaculate and on the second time I watched avidly waiting for the moment and was then amazed by the spurting of his ejaculate as it arced into the air and then splattered onto my hand and skirt. 

On the night I lost my virginity I remember how nervous I felt as I waited for my boyfriend to arrive having told him that I had the house to myself for a few hours that evening. 

When he arrived I was hoping for some romantic seduction but it was obvious he only had one thing on his mind. He grabbed me in a rough embrace, pressed his lips against mine as his hand grabbed one of my breasts. As he groped me he clumsily pushed me toward my bedroom where we both fell onto the bed with him on top of me. I remembered how shy I had felt as he pushed up my top to expose my bra covered breasts. His hands were then busy between us as he unfastened his trousers and pulled up my skirt. I knew he had wanted this many times before and I had always stopped him but on this occasion he seemed to sense that I was reacting differently. I felt his hard erection pressing against my legs as his fingers sought out the wet patch of my knickers. Despite his clumsiness I knew that I wanted to feel what it was like to 'go all the way'. I tentatively moved my legs apart and almost instantly I felt his fingers move the gusset of my knickers to one side and then a finger shove into my wetness. He moved up higher on top of me until I felt the head of his erection close to my wetness. It felt clumsy and awkward as he repeatedly tried to find my entrance. Feeling let down by his inexperience and also feeling curious and aroused I reached between us gripped his erection and guided it into me. 

I think that it was the first time for both of us as he paused nervously with an inch or so of his erection inside me. 

"It's OK," I said, "I'm ready." 

I remember gasping with surprise and a little discomfort as he suddenly plunged inside me. Before I could catch my breath he was pounding away between my legs and panting loudly in my ear. Faster and faster he crashed into me until after less than a minute I felt him ejaculate. Almost as quickly as he had started he rolled off of me, put his penis away, thanked me and left. 

Afterward I remember feeling afraid that I could be pregnant. Luckily I wasn't and after my next period I visited the doctor and put myself on the contraceptive pill. I'm still on the pill now but have never had intercourse since. If I'm being completely honest I suppose I have a hidden wish that one day I will try it again and not have the worry of pregnancy. 

Ever since that first and only time I found I much preferred the pleasure I got when masturbating alone in bed at night. 

With my mind wandering from groping boyfriends, masturbating and losing my virginity I was brought back to the present with a start when Tom gripped my elbow slightly harder and, gazing into my eyes said, "Well Grace, will you do it?" 

At that moment I felt I would do anything he asked and replied, "My face?" 

"Yes, your face, it is ideal," he said. 

I paused for a second or two, blushing as I sensed his gaze briefly shift from my eyes, down to swell of my breasts beneath my t-shirt and then back up again. 

I then said rather shyly, "Yes, OK, if you think I am good enough." 

He fished around in his pocket and then passed me a business card. "This is my studio address here in the university town, be there at ten on Saturday morning. I feel sure you will be good enough." 

He then released my elbow and left. 

I watched him walk away wondering how and why a man old enough to be my father had made such a powerful impression on me. 

That evening after dinner alone I lay on my bed replaying the events of earlier in my head. I recalled some of the more erotic paintings that Tom had been discussing with us during the lecture. Most of these had been drawn or painted by him and I tried to imagine how the models felt as they posed for him completely naked and so openly. 

I kept reminding myself that he said he liked my face; he wanted to paint or draw my face, just my face; didn't he? 

Unlike other girls of my age I very rarely wore any makeup, my shoulder length black hair was almost always swept back in a convenient pony tail and I felt self-conscious about my body. I was of average height and build to most of my fellow class mates: weighing around 48Kgs (106lbs) and 1.6M (5ft 3inches) tall. However, I had inherited my mother's breast size. Most of my class mates and friends had typical south east Asian breasts; thirty to thirty-two A cup, whereas mine were thirty-two C cup. Rather than wearing 'push-up' or enhancing bras I always opted for bras that would hopefully disguise my true size. 

The following morning, I awoke with a start having had the most vivid of dreams. I was sweating as I fought to regain consciousness and separate the surreal eroticism of the dream from the reality of my waking. 

I felt aroused, my nipples were tingling and my hand was nestled in the wetness between my legs. It was one of those dreams that was so vivid it stays with you as you wake. In this dream I was standing in a stark white room with erotic and pornographic pictures covering all of the available wall space. Tom, the artist, was gazing at me with a laser like stare of his dark piercing eyes. I was standing completely naked and feeling incredibly shy as I felt, yes felt, his gaze slowly roaming over my body. As his gaze fell on my breasts it felt as though he was touching and caressing them. He said how much he loved my young puffy nipples and I immediately felt them tingle and swell under his magical gaze. As he shifted his eyes lower I felt my belly being caressed by invisible hands moving lower and lower until, with nervous butterflies in my stomach I sensed his mental desire to move my feet apart. I felt eager to please him and almost instantly I could feel the lightest of invisible touches between my legs. I could feel the wetness oozing from me and my clitoris start to peep out from its hood. 

Suddenly I realised that he was also now naked and slowly stroking his erect penis with his hand. "There was still complete silence but I could hear his voice in my head, deep and authoritative, saying, "I'm going to fuck you Grace. I'm going push my big cock into your sopping wet pussy and fuck you... 

That was when I awoke. With the memories of the dream still flashing in my head my fingers busily teased the wetness between my legs. I pressed my whole hand tightly against my vulva, feeling my juices spreading beneath it as my palm moved rhythmically against my swollen clitoris. I could feel the familiar sensations and tensions building rapidly in my body. I used my free hand to squeeze one of my breasts as I started to writhe around on the bed. I quickly turned over, pressing my face into the pillow and thrusting my hips repeatedly against the hand that was trapped beneath my pubis and the mattress. The pillow helped to muffle my joyous squeals as I brought my self to an incredible climax. I lay there for a while in a state of euphoria but also started to feel guilty about my self-induced orgasms which were becoming a regular thing lately. 

This latest one was more troubling than usual as I realised how turned on I had felt imagining having sex with this artist guy who I had only just met and was old enough to be my father. 

The guilt passed and I busied myself by getting washed and ready for another day of lectures. 

It was Friday and as I was leaving the last lecture of the week I felt startled as Tom suddenly appeared in front of me in the corridor. He smiled warmly as those 

dark piercing eyes locked onto mine. Like in the dream I felt his gaze roam over me as if he was undressing me, making me blush and gaze shyly at the floor. As I looked up again he said, "Are we still OK for our little date tomorrow?" 

"Yes," I said, feeling my cheeks flush, I'll be there at ten." 

His face lit up as he replied, "Great, I can't wait!" 

2. 

I did not sleep well that night with the earlier dream repeating in various guises during my fitful sleep. The dream took on even more wild overtones as I imagined Tom and some of his friends and colleagues all gathering around me in the same stark white room. They had all been looking and admiring the pornographic pictures hanging on the wall and now they were looking at me. Like most dreams it was surreal and in a brief moment all of the men were naked with huge erections. I could feel the panic as they all reached for me; groping me all over and ripping off my clothes. Finally, when I was completely naked Tom looked at me and said, "now we are all going to fuck you Grace. I felt my self being pushed to the floor; my lags being pulled apart and, as the first of the men jumped on top of me, I awoke. 

Like before I was fully aroused and despite the frightening and threatening nature of the dream my hand was swiftly moving between my thighs as I tried to imagine the men taking turns with me. 

When I got out of bed on the Saturday morning I felt as though visiting Tom that morning to pose for him was another valuable step toward my being accepted by the Tutors and academics as one of their circle rather than just a boring young student. 

I was uncertain as to what should wear for my visit to Tom's. Eventually, bearing in mind it was just my face he was interested in, I just wore jeans and a simple plain T-shirt over my usual plain white cotton bra and knickers. I rarely wear any make up but decided to spend a little time applying some mascara and eye liner together with some red lipstick. 

For no particular reason I was feeling quite nervous as I approached Tom's studio. Maybe it was the vivid dreams I'd had or perhaps it was because I realised that whenever he was near or just in my thoughts I felt weak at the knees. 

I knocked on the door of the studio and waited for him to open it. 

"High Grace," he said as he opened the door and beckoned me inside, "Tea, coffee?" 

As he spoke I felt those eyes of his scanning me from head to toe as I replied, "coffee please, white with one sugar." 

"Sugar!" he exclaimed, "with a perfect looking figure like yours?" 

I felt my cheeks flush scarlet as I said, "yes it's one of my vices." 

"Maybe I 'll discover some other vices later on," he said with a huge disarming grin as he headed for a corner of the studio that was set up like a small kitchen. 

As I looked around the studio my eyes were drawn to the many pictures and sketches adorning the walls. With the odd exception they were all of naked or semi naked women in poses varying from artistic to what I considered to be verging on porno graphic. 

In the centre was an easel already set up and about ten feet or so from a small raised platform with a simple wooden chair on it. 

"Tom shouted back from the corner, "While you're waiting Grace will you please get undressed and I'll be back with the coffees shortly." 

I suddenly felt shocked and surprised as I called back nervously, "Undressed? But I thought you just wanted to--..." 

My voice trailed off as he interrupted me saying, in a matter of fact but authoritative way, "just take off all of your clothes, lay them next to the platform and I'll be back shortly to start capturing that lovely shy and naive face of yours." 

I could feel myself starting to panic at the thought of being naked in front of Tom but as I imagined those piercing eyes and remembered the dream I was surprised to feel a distant twinge of excitement. The feeling soon passed though as my natural shyness returned and dominated my mind. 

"Completely naked?" I call out pleadingly. 

I felt some slight relief as he called back, "You'll find a white silk bath robe next to the chair. You can slip that on if you want to spare your blushes." 

I glanced next to the chair and saw the robe. I felt awkward as I quickly pulled off my T-shirt, feeling sure that he would look round at any moment while I was undressing, but he seemed busy with making the coffee. Feeling very self-conscious, I slipped off my bra then, briefly naked from the waist up, I grabbed the robe and slipped it on to cover my naked breasts. Under the cover of the robe I quickly slipped off my jeans and then hesitated. Before I had time to change my mind I quickly pulled down my knickers and then placed them neatly on the floor with the rest of my clothes. 

I was just securing the white silk robe around me when Tom returned with two coffees. 

Like before I felt his dark piercing eyes roam over me from head to toe. I felt them pause as he gazed at the outline of my breasts and then blushed furiously as I looked down and realised how incredibly fine and diaphanous the silk fabric of the gown was. It was clinging to my breasts like a second skin, following the curves of my breasts and showing the obvious detail of my puffy nipples almost as though I was naked. 

"You look beautiful," said Tom as I felt his gaze undressing and caressing me, just like in my dream. 

I tried to calm down and take a sip of coffee as he said, "I want to capture the young innocence of your face so can you please remove all of the makeup." As he finished he passed me a pack of cleansing wipes and a hand mirror. 

I had made a special effort this morning and, unusually, had applied both mascara and lipstick to try and make myself look better. I felt self-conscious as he watched me remove all of my makeup. When it was done he exclaimed, "That's much better Grace that is the look I want to capture but preferably with your cheeks flushed red." 

We chatted a little and I felt like the naive and inexperienced student that I really was as I tried to imagine how the other models felt that had posed for him in the past; the models whose pictures showed them in various lewd poses. It was outside of my limited experience so trying to imagine how those women must have felt to pose for Tom with their genitalia exposed so brazenly. For the second time that morning I felt a twinge of excitement as tried to imagine myself finding the courage to pose like that, to pose with my legs apart and feel Tom's gaze caress my most intimate parts. 

My mind was brought back to the present as we finished our coffees and Tom said, "Are you ready to start?" 

"I think so." 

"OK. Now before we start I want to explain my technique to you. To capture your facial expression and to stop you becoming bored I will complete the actual painting or paintings later. This morning I will produce some quick pencil sketches and also take a few photographs to capture you exactly how I want to. 

You'll notice that there is a camera mounted on a tripod next to my easel. I have a remote control hanging on my easel which I can press whenever I see the exact expression or look that I am trying to capture. Please just try to ignore it and look directly at me as I sketch you. OK?" 

"I think so," I replied, I've never done anything like this before so you might have to be patient." 

"You'll be fine now go and stand in front of the wooden chair and face away from me." 

I did as he instructed and walked to the chair; very conscious of my total nakedness beneath the sheer, diaphanous silk of the bath robe. 

I just stood with my back toward him, feeling less vulnerable now that I was facing away from him but also confused. Being naked, or near naked in front of a man was a completely new experience for me. As I stood there I felt very shy, self-conscious but also confused by an unexpected realisation that part of me wanted him to tell me to turn around and face him; face him in the certain knowledge that his dark piercing eyes would focus directly onto the outline of my breasts beneath the sheer bath robe. 
