 Nick and I slept in a bit Saturday morning then went out for brunch. We'd agreed the night before that we wouldn't have sex again so we could save the edge for the party. We did some shopping and spent the rest of the day hanging around the house. I showed him the things I'd bought for us to wear and he agreed they'd be perfect. 

I pulled my long hair back into a braid down my back. It was a no fuss hairstyle that wouldn't get destroyed by my wearing a hat. I'd washed the shirts earlier in the week so they wouldn't be stiff. When I saw Nick in his I couldn't resist running my hands over his broad chest.

"Mmmmmm," I murmured appreciatively. He smelled divine in the cologne I'd given him for his birthday. I hadn't put on any lipstick yet so I pulled his head down for a kiss. "You feel good," I told him as his arms pulled me closer. I hadn't given him a chance to finish tucking his shirt in so his jeans were open at the waist. He rubbed his lips against mine, opening my mouth for his tongue. I responded eagerly, already anticipating the evening to come.

My hands roamed down and I reached up under his shirt to brush my fingers against his stomach. I pushed my fingers up through the arrow of hair there and kept going higher. When I reached his chest I couldn't resist caressing his nipples. They pebbled under my fingertips so I gave them a light pinch before my hands dropped. I heard him moan into my mouth. Our tongues stroked against each other and our breathing quickened. Grasping the front of his jeans, I reached inside his pants and cupped his genitals. I could feel his cock stirring against me, awakening from its soft state. I pulled my mouth back from his and lifted his shirttail.

"Jada," he said, a warning in his voice. "What about the party?"

"I still want to go. I just want an appetizer first." I smiled at him then looked back down at my hands. "Hold this," I commanded, handing him the hem of his shirt. I dropped to my knees and spread his zipper apart further. Reaching inside, I lifted his cock and balls out. It was about half hard, beginning to stick out away from his body. I love the feel of a soft cock growing hard in my mouth. I dropped down to the floor in front of him and breathed deeply of his clean, freshly showered scent.

"You're gonna make it hard to get it back in my pants," he groaned as my tongue stroked his head.

"I just want a taste," I answered before engulfing the head and a couple inches of rapidly firming shaft. I swirled my tongue all the way around it, using one hand to cup his sack. I massaged the heavy balls as his cock reached its fully engorged length. I mumbled my appreciation around the mouthful. Nick's hands dropped to my face and he stroked my cheek. I continued circling his shaft with my tongue, slowly wetting it all. I pulled my head back letting him slide out then kissed and licked my way down the underside. When I reached his balls, I licked all over the hairy surface. I opened my mouth wide and took one inside. I rubbed it with my tongue and gently pulled it away from its twin. I sucked on the skin of his sack, trying unsuccessfully to get the other one in my mouth. I had to be satisfied with releasing one to play with the other. Nick watched me, knowing how much I enjoy playing with him. When I moved back up to his cock head, he finally pulled away.

"We've got to get ready to go," he said as he pulled me to my feet. "Unless you'd like to stay here and let me fuck your brains out?"

"No, we'll go," I gave him a grin and reached around to pinch him on the ass. "This should be interesting."

"Yes," he agreed. "How far do you want to take it?"

I smoothed down the front of my shirt and sat down on the bed to pull my boots on. "At the party?"

"Yeah, how far are we going to go at the party?"

"I hadn't thought about it actually." I paused with one boot on, the other in my hand.

"The invitation talks about games but there are probably going to be guys there who'd like to fuck you."

"And women who want you," I added. "I don't know if I want to fuck anyone but you," I told him. "I was thinking about the games and us maybe playing with the others at the party but I just assumed Hayley and David would expect everyone to take the real action someplace else."

"They might be interested in having some of their guests stay after," he said. I watched him tuck his shirt in and zip his jeans. It was a tight fit but he managed to get it done over his erection.

"We've done that before. How do you feel about it?" I asked.

"I'm okay with whatever makes you comfortable." He sat down on the side of the bed and picked up his own boots.

I stood up and moved around the bed to where he was sitting. "I don't want to do anything unless you're there, too." I sat down next to him and put my hand on his thigh. "Playing is only fun if I get to be with you in the end. How about we make a deal - at the end of the evening we cum together? If we do that with another couple, we have to agree on the couple, okay?"

"And if we end up a threesome?" he questioned.

"Same deal. We both agree on the third." I smiled at him.

"It's a deal," he smiled back before sealing our bargain with a light kiss. "Now let's finish getting ready so we aren't late," he said pulling away and putting one foot into a boot.

I got my bandana and went into the bathroom to finish getting ready. We left the house a little after 7:00. The drive across town was uneventful and we arrived right at 7:30. The house was well lit and festooned with fake cobwebs complete with large black spiders. Ghosts hung from the ceiling of their porch and Frankenstein was standing guard near the door. It looked very festive.

"Ready?" Nick asked as we pulled our bandanas up over our noses.

I had one of my guns out and I gave it a twirl before pointing it at the house. "After you, pilgrim," I said in my best John Wayne voice.

We got out and Nick locked the car before pocketing the key. We started up the walk and were joined by a young couple dressed as black cats. They were in identical black bodysuits complete with ears and tails. Nick pushed the doorbell with one of his six shooters. The door was opened by Hayley dressed as Elvira in a long black dress and black wig. She ushered the four of us inside to a small table with colored nametags on it. Picking up a marker as she talked, Hayley explained the games for the evening.

"If you have on a green nametag, that means anything goes. People are free to approach you in whatever way they want and it's your choice how far you want to take it beyond that. If you wear a green tag, you can't be offended if someone wags his dick at you. You don't have to do anything with it unless you want to but you can't cry foul if it happens when you're wearing green. The yellow tags mean you're still thinking about it. People can approach you but they should ask before they expose themselves or attempt to touch you. Red tags mean you are here for some titillation but not necessarily to consummate anything. The main party is down here for everyone. If things get too hot, the yellow and green tags can move upstairs."

She looked at all four of us as she asked which color we wanted. "There's no shame in taking a red one. Some people have reasons for not wanting to get involved and we don't hold that against them. Everyone is here to have a good time and you can always change your color later if you need to." She held the tags out toward us. "The names you put on the tags don't have to be your real ones," she added.

The cat couple stared at the tags and then at each other. While they were making up their minds, I reached out and took a yellow one. Nick smiled at me and took a yellow one, too.

"Keeping it neutral," Hayley smiled approvingly. She gave a laugh when she saw Nick write Jessie James on his tag. I was debating about my own name when he took it and wrote Frankie James across it. Apparently one member of the infamous James gang had changed genders!

The cat couple finally decided on yellow tags as well. Hayley ushered us through the living room to the back patio where they had tables laden with finger foods and David was pouring drinks. He was dressed as a cadaver complete with gray-white paint on his hands and face. When he stopped moving and closed his eyes, he looked quite dead and we saw a wooden coffin filled with ice on a stand behind him. It held an assortment of soft drinks and beer bottles. He winked at us when he saw our nametags.

"Jessie, Frankie. What's your poison? We have beer, mixers, and I even have some frozen margaritas back here."

Nick got a beer for himself and we made small talk while David blended the margarita mix. The glass was frosty when he handed it to me. Luckily the evening temperature was still pleasantly warm even though the sun was down. We stood out there chatting for a few minutes and watching other couples arrive. A cute little blonde came in dressed as a pirate. Her short skirt was tattered at the hem and she had a patch over one eye. Her companion followed and he was a pirate as well. Where she had a short knife tied at her waist, he had a long sword strapped to one leg. He was quite dashing and I briefly wondered what his baggy trousers might be covering. His arms were muscular and he had a tattoo on one shoulder. I couldn't decide if it was fake or real. 

We saw Zorro standing with a dark skinned witch and a frog with a beautiful princess. Dracula made an entrance with a girl on each arm. Both had red dots on their necks resembling the bite of a vampire. There was a short, plump, little fellow dressed like Casper the Friendly Ghost and a reed thin man dressed as Pan, complete with shoes that resembled hooves. Casper was wearing a green nametag while everyone else had on yellow. As the patio filled, we each got a plate of the appetizers and made our way back inside. Hayley and David had a couple of tables set up outside but it was getting a bit crowded out there. 

Most of the people inside were wearing red or yellow nametags. We didn't see any more cowboys as we sat down to eat our snacks. A couple of harem girls joined us at the table right after we took our seats. They had on yellow nametags like us. It seemed there weren't many people willing to go all the way to declaring themselves open for business tonight! One of the girls asked Nick if she could play with his gun. When she ran her hand over his crotch, we knew she didn't mean the one in his holster! Nick and I had pulled our bandanas down to eat and left them down when we didn't see anyone we knew amongst the guests. Not knowing anyone but the hosts made us mysterious enough and it was getting annoying reaching under it with every bite. I saw Nick grin and wink at the harem girl. Just then, Hayley and David came in and clapped their hands to get everyone's attention.

"Tonight is our night to celebrate All Hallow's Eve when the veil between the living and the dead is at its thinnest. Since Halloween isn't actually until Tuesday, we decided to celebrate with some undead activities." Hayley smiled at everyone from under her long black hair.

"That's right," David continued. "Tonight we are going to celebrate the living and all the fun things a body can do before it ends up six feet under!" They held their glasses up, waiting for us to join them. "Here's to us and one hell of a fun time!" We all cheered the toast with a sip from our glasses. "We have some games planned but feel free to suggest better ones if you have any ideas. The games might be familiar but we'd like to see what you do to give them a new twist. Please feel free to play down here but remember to follow the nametag rules. If you find yourself needing more privacy than you are getting down here, you can take it upstairs but there are no locks on any of the doors. Just remember that if you do avail yourself of the upper level hospitality," Hayley grinned as she waved her arm in the air then she and David took a bow.

"Our house is your house this evening," David added as they straightened back up. He whispered something in Hayley's ear and went back out onto the patio. Hayley began circulating amongst the costumed guests, complimenting people on their choices and moving them to the tables around the edges of the room. We were finished eating and the harem girls had left for the patio when she reached us.

"Fancy some naked Twister?" she asked. We laughed as she explained the games. There was the traditional strip poker and she really had set up a Twister mat in one corner. She said one group was playing Truth or Dare/Spin the Bottle and the bunch on the patio were playing poker for Jell-O shots. The game I found most intriguing was a variation of Musical Chairs planned for the upstairs game room. 

"The difference between this game and the Musical Chairs you might have played as a child is, this one is played with couples. The guys sit on the chairs and the girls sit on their laps when the music ends. The person without a lap at the end is eliminated and she takes a male of her choice with her when she goes. While everyone is sitting, the couples can touch each other in any way they want until the music starts again." She looked at both of us. "We have prizes for the winning couple and it can get very interesting seeing who plays with whom. Think you'd like to play?" she asked with a wink.

Nick and I looked at each before he answered for both of us. "I think we're going to just watch for a bit." He took my hand and held it as Hayley smiled and moved on to the next group. "Want to check out the action?" he asked me.

"You bet!" Nick stood up and pulled me up beside him. We looked over at the Twister mat but the game had only just begun so there wasn't much to see yet. One of Dracula's girls was involved along with Pan and another black cat. A pregnant girl dressed like a pumpkin stood watching them. I wondered how much Pan was going to enjoy the bodies of those two girls twisting around his own!

We stopped at the strip poker table but with it just starting, no one had removed anything interesting yet. We headed for the patio to get drink refills but were momentarily stopped by the sight of a tall woman dressed in a leather corset complete with garters and black stockings. She had a choker with spikes in it around her neck and "fuck me" high heels added a couple inches to her stature. She was carrying a black leather whip and had the end of a leash wrapped around one fist. Her blonde hair was teased and she had dark makeup on her eyes and lips. She had some small lines around her mouth leading me to guess her age at about 45. The end of the leash was attached to a man roughly six inches shorter than herself. He was bald and looked to be around 50 years old. He was dressed in a business suit and her leash attached to the collar around his neck. Nick and I stared as she stalked out onto the patio, her willing slave following meekly behind her.

We followed them, watching the reactions of the other guests as she led her slave over to the food table and waited while he filled a plate for her. Her haughty expression as she watched us watching her might have been comical except for the whip in her hand. It gave her an air of seriousness that somehow went beyond the party. I had a feeling this was real for them, not just costumes they'd bought to entertain themselves with for an evening. They sat down at a vacant patio table and he began to feed her tidbits off the plate. She must have liked it because she took the whip and stroked his cheek with it once. When he looked up at her, we heard an audible hiss from her.

"Did I give you permission to look at me?" she demanded.

"No, Mistress," the little man responded, dropping his eyes back to the plate in front of him.

"What will your punishment be?"

"I would not presume to suggest something, Mistress."

Conversations at the tables around them stopped as everyone watched them.

"You may continue but I will not forget this!" she stated.

"Yes, Mistress." He lifted a piece of fresh pineapple toward her lips but his hand was trembling a bit. Before he could get it to its destination, the pineapple fell off his fork, landing on the table in front of her. Her eyes flashed fire at him and the patio got even quieter.

"How dare you embarrass me like this in front of our hosts!" she snapped. "Get up!" Her voice was cold as she motioned at him with the whip. He slowly rose out of his chair and that's when I noticed he was wearing a green nametag while hers was yellow. When he backed away from the table, I was amazed to see the tent he'd formed in his trousers. It was obvious he found the thought of what was to come sexually exciting. It was also obvious that he wasn't wearing any underwear. His cock head was clearly outlined against the front of his pants. He looked semi-erect and the downward curve of his cock allowed the fabric to drape around him, enhancing the shape underneath it.

"Assume the position." We watched him bend at the waist and grasp the chair back leaving his butt slightly elevated. She lifted her arm and the crack of the whip was loud as it made contact with his buttocks. The thinness of the material in his pants couldn't have done anything to soften the blow. She brought it down again and I heard a gasp from behind me as it cracked against his butt. Turning around, I saw Casper standing there gazing in awe at the tableau. His face was a faint pinkish color and his eyes were hot. Apparently the businessman wasn't the only one who got off on this kind of thing.

I turned back as she brought the whip down a third time. I felt a tingle run up my spine when he straightened and we saw he was fully erect. She exuded such power and I had to admit, it was oddly exciting. She jerked on the leash, forcing him to straighten up or be choked. Judging by the bulge in his pants, I guessed his penis was probably about six inches fully erect. She made him stand there while she looked around at all of us. She explained how shameful it was that he'd gotten an erection from his punishment. To further humiliate him, she ordered him to show us his cock. 

There were some red nametags amongst us but no one moved as he unzipped his pants. He let them fall and stood with his head bowed as we all watched. His cock was fully erect, the tip red and swollen as it bobbed with the movement of his body.

"Are you excited, Slave?" she asked.

"Yes, Mistress," he answered meekly.

"You know you can't satisfy your carnal urges?"

"Yes, Mistress."

"You know what happens when you become erect without my permission?"

"Yes, Mistress." 

We stared as she took a step back away from him and actually brought the tip of the whip down on his erection. I felt Nick wince when the force of her movement caused the leather to wrap around her slave's shaft before she jerked it back. His cock bounced up and down a couple of times flinging pre-cum into the air. Rather than punishing him, her slave appeared to enjoy the painful strikes of the whip! Her face showed no expression at all when she motioned for him to pull his pants back up. The show was apparently over for now as they returned to their seats and he resumed feeding her. 

I looked at Nick and he grinned at me. He nodded his head at something behind me and we both turned to see Casper rubbing his own crotch. Seeing the slave's hard-on had my pussy tingling so I could sympathize with Casper's predicament. We got fresh drinks and decided to follow Hayley upstairs to the game room.

There were several couples standing around ready to participate as Hayley explained how the game worked. Ten chairs were lined up back to back about two feet apart with another chair on each end forming a rough oval. We watched as she counted the couples to see if any chairs needed to be eliminated. I noticed the harem girls were among the couples she counted. 
