 Jenny had been shy all through high school, partly because she was a late bloomer, and partly due to her naturally quiet nature. Between her junior and senior years she had blossomed, as her mother called it, and wasn’t sure how to handle her new body. The first day of her senior year some of her friends asked if she had gotten a boob job over the summer. Her tall, formerly boyish figure was gone, filled out with C-cups on her 5’8” frame, while her legs and ass were always firm thanks to soccer. She had blue eyes and dark brown hair, with freckles on her cheeks from spending every waking moment in the sun.

After her senior year, in which she dated a lot but never lost her virginity, she  went to the state college a few hours away and got her degree in marketing. She did finally have sex, with a few different guys, but nothing earth shaking. She got a job near her home town and settled down, dating some but not steadily. Then on the night of her 23rd birthday she and some girlfriends were out celebrating when she met Mike. He was 30 at the time. An old man, as Jenny’s friends kidded her when she told them she was thinking about going on a date with him. But he was funny, and good looking, and Jenny had enjoyed talking with him. They didn’t have sex until their third date, but when  they did Jenny felt like a virgin all over again. The college guys she had dated didn’t know anything about how to make her cum like Mike did. And she found out that she loved sex. More than loved it. She craved it. And Mike knew how to keep her horny constantly. 

They began to see each other two or three times a week,  and she always wanted to have sex. She was still shy, but once she was horny she would do anything Mike suggested. He was the first person to cum in her mouth, and when he told her to swallow it she didn’t hesitate, and found that she liked the taste and texture of his cum in her  mouth. He was also the first person to finger her ass, and she couldn’t believe how hard it made her cum. Mike talked dirty to her, and while she loved hearing it, and told him so, she couldn’t bring herself to say the things he did. When they were out he always found ways to touch her, keeping her pussy wet and her mind on sex. She started wearing skirts more so he could rub her pussy as they drove, and she was amazed at how easily he could make her cum, and how often. It seemed like she was always on fire now, and not just when she was with him. She found herself at work daydreaming about their latest sexual episode, and she even rubbed her pussy while sitting at her desk sometimes, although she had never made herself cum at work.

One Saturday after they had been dating for about three months things changed dramatically. Mike had tied her to her own bed and licked her all over for at least an hour without touching her pussy. Then he started on her pussy, licking and nipping all around her clit until she was going crazy. She kept trying to hump her clit against him but he avoided her, laughing at her attempts. Then he would lick her clit, but just enough to make it itch so much she was almost crying. He stopped licking her and sat on the bed next to her head, still fully clothed. She looked up at him, unable to keep her hips still. His hand rested on her pubic mound, his fingers playing in her lush, thick pubes as he looked down at her.

“Please don’t stop, Mike,” she begged, “it feels so good when you lick me there.”

“I’ll finish you off, Jenny, don’t worry,” he replied, “but first we need to talk.”

“What do we need to talk about? Nnnnn,” Jenny finished her question with a moan as Mike’s finger found her clit before sliding down to dip into her drenched pussy.

“I want to teach you how to be a slut, Jenny,” Mike said, watching her eyes widen at his crude words, “and if you agree I’ll make sure that this,” he cupped her cunt and squeezed, “is never unsatisfied, and that you know you are the most special person in my life. I’ll give you a few minutes to think it over. Yell at me when you decide.”

With that he stood and walked into the next room. Jenny’s mind was spinning, and she could feel her clit throbbing with every beat of her heart. Since she met Mike she found out how much she loved sex, but he said he wanted to make her a slut! Slut’s were bad, weren’t they? She remembered how turned on she got when they were out and she caught a guy staring at her tits or legs. And when Mike took her to a movie and played with her pussy the whole time, whispering that he would like to show her off to other people.  

“Mike!” 	

He appeared in the doorway, still completely dressed, waiting on her decision.

“I want to learn,” she told him.

“Learn what?” he moved to the edge of the bed and leaned over her. She could smell his cologne, and feel his heat against her skin.

“I want to learn how to be your.....slut,” she whispered, turning to look him in the eyes. 

He was staring intently at her as she spoke the words. Without replying he stood and stripped, then climbed on the bed between her outstretched legs.

“Ask for it,” he told her, “sluts can’t be shy. They have to let everyone know what they need.”

 She knew what he wanted to hear, and she was so horny she didn’t think twice about the words coming out of her mouth. “Give me that beautiful cock, Mike. Fuck me. I want to cum!”

He guided the head of his cock to her drooling cunt mouth, then without warning rammed the full 7” into her. She gasped at the sudden fullness in her pussy, then moaned as he began to fuck her roughly, drawing out the full length of his cock only to slam it back down, rocking against her clit with each stroke. She was helpless beneath him, her arms and legs still tied,  as he used her. Her pussy suddenly exploded in orgasm, causing her to writhe and buck beneath him as she came. He didn’t stop his fucking, and as her first orgasm subsided she felt another building behind it. 

“Is this what you want, Jenny?” he teased her, pushing deep and grinding his pubic bone against her clit.

“Oh, yesss, “ she moaned, “I love your cock! Ahhhhhh, I’m cumming again!!!!”

She bucked under him as her second orgasm swept through her. She felt her pussy twitching against his cock, then felt him swell inside her, followed by the warm gush deep in her cunt from his cum spurting into her. 

“Nnnnnnngggg,” he grunted out his orgasm, then collapsed onto her, his softening cock still trapped in her tight pussy. He raised his head and kissed her gently, his tongue darting into her willing mouth.

Breaking the kiss, he smiled down at her. “You are going to love being my slut. And now it’s time for your first lesson.”

He raised up, his cock popping free of her pussy, and crab walked up her body until he was straddling her chest. Her hard nipples were grazing his asscheeks, and she could see up close the evidence of their fucking. His cock was bright pink from the tightness of her pussy, and smeared with a combination of his cum and her juices. He shifted his hips so that the head of his cock was dangling just above her mouth.

“Open,” he said, to which she slowly opened her mouth. “The first thing you need to learn as a slut is how to love the taste of cock, especially one that is slick with cum and pussy juice. Now be gentle, it’s very sensitive because that pussy of yours is so tight.”

She felt his slimy cock slip into her mouth, and for the first time she got a good taste of her own pussy. The slightly salty taste was not at all unpleasant, and she found herself  savoring the mixture as it rolled over her tongue and down her throat. Mike withdrew his cock from her lips and instructed her to lean her head so she could lick along the shaft and down to his balls. While he guided her she licked every inch of his crotch clean, and when she finished she laid her head back with a sigh. 

Mike got off the bed and untied her, then led her to the bathroom, where he started the shower and washed her all over, By the time they left the shower he had lathered her pubes and shaved them completely, following it up by rubbing her newly bald pussy until she leaned against him and groaned out an orgasm under the rapidly cooling water of the shower.

He turned off the shower and dried her with a towel, then instructed her to stay naked while she dried her hair and got ready to leave, then he disappeared. She was bent at the waist drying her hair when she spotted him again. He was standing in the bedroom watching her through the doorway of the bathroom. He had put on a pair of khaki shorts and a button up shirt while he was out of her sight. From his vantage point he could see her long legs and rounded ass, and one of her tits swaying as she brushed through her  hair. She smiled at him and turned so that her ass was facing him and spread her legs, arching her back so that her smooth pussy lips poked out at him.

“Damn!” he thought to himself, “she’s a natural slut. I’m going to enjoy every second of this ride!”

He reclined on the bed and watched as she finished drying her hair and applied a touch of makeup. With her tan and natural beauty she didn’t need much, and soon she turned and walked into the bedroom, aware of his gaze drinking in every inch of her body. With her newly shaved pussy she felt even more naked, but found that instead of being embarrassed she was turned on. She stopped at the edge of the bed, with her crotch inches from his face. She could feel his breath on her pussy lips, and knew that soon he would be able to see the juice start to leak out. He leaned forward slightly and brushed his lips against her pouty lips, then sat up and pointed to the closet door.

“I bought you an outfit to wear to dinner. All you need with it are those platformy sandals that look like they are made of grass.”

She looked over and noticed a garment bag hanging from her closet door. She went over and took the dress out of it, and not seeing anything else in the bag she looked at him quizzically.

“Ooo, it is so cute, Mike,” she said, holding the dress up to get a better look at it, “but...”

“That’s the outfit,” he interrupted  her, “you’ll look delicious in it, I know.”

She looked over at him, then told herself that if she chickened out this soon she would never know how far he could take her, so she slipped the dress over her shoulders and stepped into her shoes, looking at the result in the mirror. The dress was a typical summer dress, with little spaghetti straps that left her back bare almost to her ass.  The front was cut more like a halter dress, with her full tits pushing the triangles of material out and showing almost all of the inner slopes of her tits. If someone looked at her from the side they would probably be able to see her tan line, even though  \she sunbathed in a teeny bikini that barely covered her nipples! The hem of the dress was short, about the length of a tennis dress, without the benefit of the shorts under it. She turned and looked, and while her asscheeks weren’t visible, she knew if she bent over they would be.

When she turned back to Mike she noticed the bulge in his shorts, which brought a grin to her face. “You think it looks OK?” she asked, turning slowly so he could see every angle.

“I think it is perfect,” he assured her, running his hand up her leg, “not too obvious, yet a fraction” his hand was now on her ass “from pure sex machine!” He gave her ass a sharp slap and stood. “C’mon, let’s get some dinner.”



Mike took the long way to a restaurant on the bay, steering with one hand while the other roamed over Jenny’s nearly naked body. More than once he had her pulled her top over to expose her tits to the night air while he teased her nipples into hard points of nerves shooting sensations straight to her clit.  At one point he had her lean against her door with one foot on the center console and one on the dash. Her position made her skirt ride up almost to her waist, exposing her bald pussy to him. He told her to play with her pussy, and watched as she ran her fingers down to her wet gash, getting them wet before rolling them across her clit.  She was on her third orgasm when he pulled into the parking lot, the bright lights startling her out of her half dream state. When he opened the door for  her she knew he could see her swollen pussy as she gout out, and when he kissed her standing next to the car she felt his hand slip under her skirt to squeeze her ass before walking into the restaurant. 

By the time their dinner arrived she had had a few drinks, and that combined with the ride over had her open to about any suggestion. When he told her to spread her legs and shift in her seat she complied, knowing that the three guys at the bar across from their table might be able to see her pussy. She giggled as she told Mike how they were trying to stare without being obvious. While they ate he had her shift around several times, and once had her lean over toward him so that her tits almost fell out of her dress. She couldn’t believe how turned on she was from all of this teasing, and she told Mike that she could feel her pussy getting soaked.

He smiled and said he was glad she was enjoying herself. He then told her to go to the restroom, making sure she walked by them on her way. If they spoke she was to talk with them, and since his back was to the bar Mike was confident they would speak to her.  She stood and headed to the restroom. After twenty minutes she returned to her seat. Mike noted that as she sat she turned her chair so that it  faced more squarely toward the bar, and that she was flushed with excitement.

“I take it your admirers spoke to you,” he prompted.

She bit her bottom lip as she leaned over and whispered, “Mike, my pussy is soaked, and I know they are looking at it!”

“Oh, and how do you know that?”

“Well, on my way to the ladies room they smiled at me and said ‘hello’, and I smiled back, but I really needed to pee so I didn’t stop. On my way back they had turned so they would see me coming, and one of them, James, stopped me and asked if I was from here. It turns out they attending a convention next week and came up early to play golf. Well, Steve, the blonde one, is drunk, and he blurted out that he loved my choice of panties! Shane smacked him, but when I told him I was glad he liked them they all laughed. That seemed to break the ice as far as what they asked me, because before I knew it I had told them that I enjoyed them looking at my pussy, and they asked if they could see more of it.“

At this point she glanced over toward the bar and winked. “God, Mike, I have never been so turned on in my life!”

“It shows, too,” Mike said, nodding toward her tits.

She looked down and saw that her nipples were obvious through the thin material of her dress. Straightening up, she arched her back, knowing her new friends would love seeing her tits pushing against the thin material.

“Are you ready to get out of here?” Mike asked, motioning for her to finish her drink.

She looked over at the guys at the bar, knowing they would miss her sitting there. “I guess I’m ready. Where are we going now?”

“I thought maybe we’d walk on the beach for a bit. Why don’t you make another bathroom trip and on the way back tell your friends to walk south on the beach in about ten minutes.”

She finished her drink in one gulp and they stood. “OK, I’ll tell them.”

“I’ll be waiting for you on the beach.” with that he went out the beachside door and down the steps to the beach. It was dark out now, the only light coming from the deserted beach volleyball court a few yards away. The rest of the beach was quiet, with only an occasional person or couple walking, since the only things along this stretch of coast were restaurants and businesses.

Jen came out of the restaurant and down the stairs after a few minutes. She immediately melted into Mike’s arms and they kissed passionately  before breaking their embrace and walking along the beach hand in hand. She told him the guys asked what they would get to see if they came out to the beach, and she had told them they would just have to find out. After walking a few hundred yards from the restaurant  Mike stopped and turned Jen toward him. He kissed her gently, then let his hands run down her shoulders, tracing the line of her dress across the swell of her tits. She was breathing hard already, and his touch was making her crazy with lust. He flicked one strap off of her shoulder and the right side of her dress fell down, her erect nipple the only thing keeping the material from exposing her entire tit. He did the same to the other strap, then flicked the material over her nipples. Her dress was now draped over her crossed arms, leaving her tits bare in the summer moonlight.

Mike leaned over and sucked each nipple in turn, laving her tits with his tongue so that they were glistening. Jen sucked in her breath as she felt her pussy responding to his lips on her bare skin. She leaned into him, feeling his teeth against her sensitive nipple, making her toes curl in the sand. He kissed up to her neck and licked around her ear, then put his arm around her waist and started walking again. She felt the sea breeze on her bare nipples as they walked, and when he turned her in between two catamarans she felt her heart start to pound.

Mike backed her against one of the boats and began to kiss her, his hands roaming over her full tits. She kissed him back, sucking his tongue into her mouth as she felt him pushing her dress off of her arms. As he kissed her he pushed her dress down, forcing it over her hips until it fell to the sand, leaving her naked. Mike bent down and picked up the dress, tossing it over the outrigger of the catamaran. He turned her so that  he was standing behind her and pulled her against him. She could feel his hard cock through his clothes, pushing against her naked ass. His hands moved all over her bare skin, brushing against her soft pussy lips and hard nipples as she leaned back on him and closed her eyes.

“It’s show time,” he whispered in her ear, giving her nipples a hard squeeze before pointing down the beach.

Jen could see them. Three figures walking together. She knew it was the three guys from the bar. They were close enough for her to hear them talking and laughing. They hadn’t seen her and Mike in the darkness next to the boats. In a few seconds they would be even with them.

Mike turned her toward them and gently pushed her forward. 

“Go out there and say hello to your friends.”

“But Mike, I’m naked!” she protested.

“You wanted to give them a better view of your pussy, didn’t you? Now go!” With that he pushed her out from beside the boat.

The guys were about fifteen feet away, and her movement caught their attention. They all turned toward her and she heard Steve say “Holy shit!” as they stopped to stare. She walked slowly toward them, looking up and down the beach and seeing no one else near. They quickly surrounded her, staring at her nakedness with raw lust. Standing between James and Shane, with Steve across from her, she saw them glance at each other as if they weren’t sure what to do next. She wasn’t sure what to do either, but she knew Mike expected her to be bold, so she put her hands on her hips and looked from one to the other before saying, “Well, guys, do you like what you see?”

“Hell, yeah!” said Steve, the drunk one, as he reached out and cupped her left tit, rubbing the nipple with his thumb. James and Shane each put an arm around her, and she felt their hands moving from her back down to her ass until they were each caressing one of her cheeks. 

“Mmmmmm,” she moaned quietly as the men’s hands roamed across her body. Steve had both hands on her tits now, tweaking her nipples and causing sparks to rocket from her sensitive tips to her clit. Shane and James were rubbing the backs of her thighs and her ass, their hands moving between her thighs toward her pussy as they got bolder.
