 Jenny woke up and stretched, then laid in bed wondering if the last night had been a dream. She looked around and realized she was at Mike’s apartment, and from the slight throbbing she felt emanating from her crotch she knew she hadn’t dreamed it. She really had let four guys fuck her senseless! And she had loved every second of it! She stretched in Mike’s bed, then ran her hands down her naked body to her bald pussy. The number of orgasms she had last night was countless, as was the number of loads of cum the four had pumped into her willing body. She was getting turned on as she thought about what she had done; giving Mike her anal cherry, taking a cock in her ass and pussy, and most exciting for her, giving them blowjobs on the beach. 

Her hand slipped between her legs, which had opened as if on cue, and found her pussy warm and wet. She slipped a slender finger inside and clamped down on it with her pussy muscles, assuring herself that last nights activities hadn’t permanently stretched her. As she was dragging her finger out of her pussy toward her clit the bedroom door opened and Mike appeared carrying a tray loaded with food. The smell of warm bread and honey made Jen realize she was starving.

“Here you go, sleepyhead,” Mike said as he approached the bed.

Jen scooted up to a sitting position so he could set the tray in front of her. As soon as he did she reached for a piece of toast, while his hand brushed her nipples, which were now exposed above the covers. He leaned over and kissed her cheek as his fingers softly rubbed her tits, causing her to moan softly. He sat on the bed while she engulfed her toast and honey, followed by bites of fresh peaches and grapefruit. While she ate she was aware of his gaze, going from her face to her bare breasts, and the slight smile he hadn’t lost since he walked in the door.

“Did you sleep well?” he asked, as she swallowed the last bite of peach.

“Like a log,” she replied, “What time is it, anyway?”

“It’s almost 11:00, lazy,” he kidded her, “you need to get in the shower. Your clothes are on the bed in the other room.”

She looked up at him quizzically as he said this.

“Was last night too much?” he asked.

“NO!” she answered quickly, “Last night was exciting beyond my wildest dreams. You aren’t upset at how I acted, are you?”

“Upset because you acted like a cum hungry slut?” he laughed, “You are the girl of my dreams, Jen. Now get in the shower. We have places to go today.”

He took the tray and left the room while Jen got in the shower. As she ran the soap over her tits she felt her nipples harden, and hoped that Mike would be able to make today half as exciting as yesterday. She felt her pussy lips and decided that she didn’t need to shave this morning, so she quickly finished washing and got out of the shower. She heard music downstairs as she walked to the other bedroom to get dressed. Noticing the Mike’s choice of clothes for her, she was glad it was still warm outside. Mike had obviously bought more than the outfit she had worn last night, because today’s outift was new also. It consisted of a bright pink thong, a pair of tight low-cut faded jeans, a short white T-shirt with the words ‘YOU WISH’ emblazoned in red across the front, and flip flops.

She dressed quickly and headed downstairs. She wandered to the back of the house and saw Mike outside finishing washing his car. She stepped onto the deck and walked to the side overlooking the driveway where Mike stood watching her. His eyes roamed over her body, his grin letting her know that he approved of his choice of clothes. The jeans, made with no waistband so they were very low on her hips, were tight on her ass and legs. The pink thong arched out on the sides, clearly visible due to the low riding pants and the shortness of the shirt, which stopped about three inches below her tits so that her bellybutton was bared. The shirt stretched tight across her firm tits, her nipples already pushing out against the thin material. 

“Hey babe,” he said, stepping toward her. “How do you like the outfit?”

“I like it a lot!” she replied as she joined him at the car. “It’s really cute and naughty at the same time.”

“You would be cute no matter what you wore. And this definitely has some naughtiness to it.” He told her, running his hands along her side to flick his finger under the strap of her thong.

She leaned into him and they kissed, his hand moving up her side to caress the slope of her tit, making her moan. 

“I can’t believe how horny you make me!” she told him, leaning back against the car and arching her back. She watched as his hand rubbed along the top of her jeans, then up to her belly button and higher his hand pushing her shirt up as it moved until both of her tits were exposed. She looked around and saw Mike’s next door neighbor mowing his lawn, but his back was to them as Mike leaned down and licked each nipple before pushing her shirt back down and stepping back.

“Let’s get going,” he said, opening her door for her. “We have a busy day ahead of us.”

They headed out along the coast, and talked about the preceding night. She confided that she had been a little apprehensive about anal sex, but that having James’s cock in her ass had made her cum the hardest of all her orgasms. She also admitted that she loved having a cock in her pussy and ass simultaneously. When Mike asked if there had been anything about the night that she did not enjoy she told him that she had enjoyed it all. Mike told her the most erotic part of the night for him was watching her on her knees at the beach giving head to the group. He also loved hearing her talk dirty and would like to hear her do that more.

They had been driving for over an hour when Mike pulled into a parking area overlooking the bay. There were a few other cars parked there, but no people present. Jen had never been here, but noticed a sign that identified it as a state park with campsites and hiking trails. Mike parked near a sign showing hiking trails one direction and campsites another. She looked over at Mike questioningly.

“Umm, these are not my best hiking shoes,” she said, lifting a leg so that her flip flop dangled from her toes, “or did you have something else in mind for me besides a romantic hike?”

“I have something else in mind, but I wouldn’t call it romantic,” he told her. “How horny are you?”

“Very,” she told him, “I was already wet, but talking about last night has my pussy soaked. Are we going to play out here?”

“In a way. There are some campsites a short walk down that trail,” he pointed to the trailhead. “Some friends of mine have been camping for a week and are itching for some female company. I told them I knew a slut that loved cock, and wasn’t shy about it. Was I right?”

Jen felt her mouth getting dry as she realized that Mike wanted her to go alone and let a group of men fuck her. She could feel her pussy throbbing at the thought of it, and knew that Mike would not let her do anything dangerous. She looked up at Mike, knowing he was waiting on an answer from her. If she told him she did not want to do it he would not make her, she knew, but she trusted him, and found herself nodding her head. 

“I’ll be back at 5:00. That gives you four hours to satisfy my friends. I expect them all to be happy when you leave.” He told her, leaning over to kiss her roughly before opening her door. “Have fun!”

She walked toward the trailhead and turned to see Mike’s car leave the parking lot. She took a deep breath and started toward the campsites, wondering how many orgasms she could have in four hours.

Mike left the parking lot and quickly drove to another one a short distance away. This one was near the campsite of his friends, so he would be able to watch the show without Jen knowing. He took a pair of binoculars from the trunk and went to a grove of trees about fifty yards from the camp. He looked over and saw his friends Matt and Jeremy sitting outside, but there was no sign of the others. They had set up just off the trail near the lake, and as he watched Mike noticed Jeremy glancing from his watch to the trail Jen would be walking down. A couple of minutes later he saw Jeremy tense, then Jen came into his view. She looked delicious as she walked toward Matt and Jeremy, her full tits jiggling under the thin shirt.

Matt and Jeremy exchanged grins as they saw her come into sight.

“Damn!” Matt exclaimed under his breath, “Mike said she was hot, but I never thought she would be this sweet!”

“He said to give her the full treatment, and you know he’s watching, so we can’t disappoint him.” Jeremy reminded Matt quietly. 

Jen had noticed the two and walked toward them, stopping a few feet away. They did not bother to hide their stares as their eyes went from her firm tits to her bare belly, then to her exposed thong and down her long legs to her feet. Jen felt there eyes roaming across her and could see the raw lust in their eyes. She felt her nipples harden and push against her shirt.

“You must be Jenny,” Jeremy finally broke the silence.

She nodded, shifting her feet self-consciously.

“My, my. Mike said he had a hot girlfriend, and from the look of you he was not lying!” Jeremy said. “By the way, I’m Jeremy, and this is Matt. The others are at the lake, so we have some time to get acquainted.” 

“What did you have in mind?” Jen asked, her heart already pounding as she spoke.

“Well, for starters, ever since you walked up poor Matt here has been trying to stare a hole through that shirt you are wearing.” Jeremy said, “I think he is in love with your tits, so why don’t you slip that shirt off and let him have a look?”

Jen hesitated for a second, then reached for the bottom of her shirt. She saw Matt and Jeremy following her hands intently as she raised the shirt slowly. Just as the round slopes of her tits came into view she stopped, enjoying the attention she was getting.

“Are you sure it’s OK for me to take my shirt off out here?” she asked shyly, “I don’t want to get in trouble.”

“We’ve been here a week and no one has been through,” Jeremy replied, “Now quit teasing and let’s see those tits!”

She giggled and pulled her shirt over her head, tossing it to Matt. She couldn’t believe she was standing in front of two strangers topless, but she was, and she was loving it! The guys whistled appreciatively at the sight of her bare tits. There were still tan lines visible, but it was obvious that she had been tanning topless. The full globes were capped with pink nipples that were achingly hard already. She arched her back, pushing her tits out to give them a good look.

“Well, Matt, do you approve?” she asked.

“Come over here so I can see if they are real,” Matt replied, sitting up straight in his camp chair.

She walked over, stopping in front of him. He was nice looking, she thought to herself. He was about 25, with blond hair and blue eyes; a surfer look. He had on an old Nirvana T-shirt and cut off khaki shorts. Jeremy, sitting next to him, looked more like a businessman, with his black hair cut short and parted. He was tall, probably 6’2”, and muscular. She wondered if Mike knew them from work or if they were friends from his hometown.

While she was appraising Mike’s friends, Matt reached up and put his hands on her waist and pulled her closer to him, between his legs. She felt his hands, hot on her sides begin to move up until they were grazing the sides of her tits, then he moved them around and covered her tits, squeezing lightly. She looked down at his hands and noticed a wedding ring just as he squeezed harder, making her moan slightly. She knew he could feel her hard nipples pressing against his palms.

“Yeah, those are definitely real,” he said, as Jeremy reached over and flicked his finger under the strap of her thong.

“What is this, Jenny? You like showing off what little underwear you put on?” he teased.

“I guess I do,” Jen answered, her eyes going from Matt’s hands on her tits to Jeremy’s hand now tugging at her thong.

Jeremy stood behind her, his hands moving to her ass where he traced the tiny triangle of her thong through her skintight jeans. Matt was now alternating between squeezing her whole tit and catching her nipples between his fingers and rolling them, which was making her clit start to tingle. Jeremy pressed his crotch against her ass, forcing her to lean into Matt’s hands. She felt his breath on her neck, then he was kissing and nipping at the back of her neck while his hands roamed from her back to her belly. 

“Take your jeans off,” he whispered in her ear as he licked along her jawline.

She shivered as his fingers traced the skin along the waistband of her jeans. Matt had sat forward in his chair and was sucking her nipples, his teeth catching the hard nubs and pulling them out before running his tongue across the tender tips. Jen reached for the button on her jeans and popped it free. She pushed the short zipper down and hooked her thumbs in the waistband before wiggling them off of her hips. Matt continued to mouth her tits, while Jeremy’s hands began to glide along her thong until he dipped it under the front to her bare mons. She felt the bulge of his cock pressing against her ass and ground back against him, her shyness now gone as her lust took over.

Matt’s hand slipped further down her panties, his fingertips grazing her pussy lips before he cupped her pussy and squeezed. 

“MMmmmmm,” she moaned, grabbing Matt’s head with one hand while the other reached around to squeeze Jeremy’s ass.

“Damn, you are wet!” Jeremy said, his middle finger sliding through her juicy lips and wiggling into her hot pussy. “We better do something about that.”

He quickly pushed her thongs down her legs, leaving her naked. “Here, Jenny, let me get you somewhere to sit,” Matt said, leaning back from her now wet tits. Matt quickly pushed his shorts off and sat back in the armless chair, his hard cock jutting from his crotch. 

“Turn around and sit on it, Jenny,” Jeremy instructed, “and I’ll give you something to suck on.”

She turned her back to Matt and straddled him, reaching for his cock as she squatted. It was nice and thick, causing her to moan as she rubbed the head across her clit before guiding it into her pussy. Jeremy already had his shorts and shirt off, and was watching her pussy engulf Matt’s cock. She saw that Jeremy’s cock was longer than Matt’s, but thinner, and there was a clear drop of precum bubbling out the tip. She wiggled against Matt, loving the feel of a hard cock in her hungry pussy. She reached a hand out and wrapped it around Jeremy’s cock, the other hand cupping his hairy balls. He stepped forward and she opened her mouth, her tongue darting out to collect the precum.

“Mmmm, delicious,” she sighed, looking up at Jeremy, “I love the taste of cum.”

“So I hear,” he grinned down at her, “Mike says you are a pro at deepthroating also. Is that true?”

Instead of answering, Jen ovalled her lips and took the head of Jeremy’s cock in her mouth, then leaned forward, feeling his cock moving across her tongue to the back of her mouth. When the head touched her throat there was still an inch or so remaining outside her mouth. She relaxed her throat and continued leaning forward until her lips were mashed tightly against Jeremy’s pubes and his cockhead was trapped in her throat. She tightened her pussy around Matt’s cock to let him know she hadn’t forgotten him as she withdrew her mouth from Jeremy’s cock.

“Fuuuck, that felt good!” Jeremy said, “Don’t stop. I want to cum in your throat.”

“You can cum anywhere you want,” she told them as she stroked her hand up and down Jeremy’s cock, “just fuck me.”

With that she took Jeremy down her throat again and began to ride Matt, lifting her pussy up then slamming it back down on his cock. She had been horny since she woke up this morning and still hadn’t had an orgasm, but she was getting close, and hoped to cum before Matt and Jeremy. She knew that it had been a while since they had gotten laid, though, and was afraid they would cum too fast. She was right. Suddenly Jeremy grabbed her head in his hands and held her still, his cock buried in her throat as his cock began to pump its load. She swallowed, tightening her throat around his cock as he shot his cum into her belly. Matt was humping up into her pussy at the same time, his hands on her waist forcing her pussy along the length of his cock until he pushed her down and she felt his cock spasming in her tight pussy. The two slowly relaxed their grip on her and their softening cocks slipped out of her mouth and pussy. She felt Matt’s cum oozing out of her pussy as he reached around and found her clit with his finger.

“Ohh, yeah, rub my clit. I need to cum so bad!” Jen moaned, her hands finding her own nipples and pinching them as Matt smeared his cum all over her pussy. “Hell, if you need to cum leave those limp dicks and come over here!” someone yelled from across the clearing.

Jen turned and saw four men staring at her naked body. The way she was sitting with her legs spread she knew they could see her pussy gaping open. She started to close her legs, but Matt held them open and continued rubbing her clit, making her squirm as the four watched. 

Jeremy started laughing. “Well, don’t just stand there, assholes. Get over here and help the poor girl!” He said. “You have to let her suck your cocks, guys, she is a pro!” 

*****

I had to divide this submission into two parts because it was getting wordy. I'll have the rest of it up in a day or two hopefully.

As always, I welcome comments.