 So there I was, naked in bed with Steve in a hotel in Scotland, freshly fucked by Mark, and having sucked and swallowed the cum from both Steve and Derek. I had never so much as kissed another man without my husband being present in the room since we'd first got together, but now I was going to sleep with another man.

As I lay on my side in the bed Steve snuggled up behind me, and wrapping his arm around me cupped my breast and lightly kissed the back of my neck. 

Steve:- "I hope you aren't mad at me for telling them about the late night show."

Me:- "I was at first, but at least you didn't tell them that I got fucked by twelve men that night."

Steve:- "No, they have no reason to think anything other than that this is the first time you've done this sort of thing with anyone."

Me:- "I hope so - I don't want people to think I'm a slut you know."

Steve:- "Highly desirable, and highly sexed maybe, but never a slut."

Steve was gently massaging my breast with his hand, squeezing it and nipping my nipple between his finger and thumb, making it hard and erect again, and I could feel my body responding. I could also feel his responding to, as his cock was certainly feeling harder against my bum cheeks than it had been.

Me:- "No more tonight Steve, I'm tired and need to sleep now, but if you're lucky we may enjoy a little pre-breakfast sex."

Steve:- "I'll look forward to it." 

We drifted off to sleep with Steve's hard cock pressing into my bottom, and his hand cupping my breast.

When I awoke the next morning Steve had rolled onto his back and was sleeping peacefully. I lay there in another mans bed, and thought of my husband at home, and wondered how he was going to react when I told him what I'd done with my colleagues last night, and what I was going to do shortly with Steve.

As Steve slept I lightly ran my fingers over his chest, and slowly down his body, into his pubic hair, and lightly touched his soft cock. I held it gently in my hand and squirmed down beneath the blankets and started to gently kiss his stomach before I gave his cock a little kiss on the top, and slipped the head of it between my lips.

As I began to suck on his cock, and play with his balls, Steve began to stir. His cock hardened in my mouth as I sucked it deep, and then lifted my head away keeping the pressure of my lips around the length of his cock before flicking the tip with my tongue and then sucking him deep into my mouth again.

Steve was fully erect by the time he woke, and his hands gripped the back of my head as I sucked and sucked, and he started to gently thrust upwards as I lowered my head, and pull back when I lifted it, increasing the fucking motion of his cock in my mouth. 

As I sucked him I slowly moved around so that I was laying the opposite way in the bed to him, and then I swung my leg over his body and lowered my now wet pussy into his face and he went to work on me with his lips and tongue.

For the second time in twelve hours I had a cock in my mouth, and a tongue in my pussy, but this time it was different, because both the cock and the tongue belonged to the same man. I love having my pussy eaten, and as Steve alternated between sucking and licking my clit, and plunging his tongue as deep inside my wet pussy as he could I began to feel an orgasm building. 

I began to grind my pussy against Steve's face, and slackened my attack on his cock - I knew I'd be coming before long, but I didn't want to bring Steve off with my mouth - I wanted his cock in my pussy and for him to fill me up before we went for breakfast. So I wriggled my pussy around on his face as he licked and sucked and probed, and I began to ride his tongue and face for my own pleasure. I was getting closer and closer to cumming over his face, and a rode his tongue harder pressing and rubbing my clot against his chin, and then I came flooding my pussy with ny hilt wet love juices which were leaking all over Steve's face.

"That was wonderful" I said as my body began to calm down after my orgasm "A great way to start a day. Just you lay there and let me take care of you now."

Then I shifted round, reached underneath me, found his cock with my hand, fed it into my wet and willing pussy and began to ride his cock fast and hard.

I was now in control of both mine and my lovers bodies, and I rode him hard and fast taking his cock deep inside me and gripping it with my pussy to make sure he felt every stroke up and down as I slammed my bottom down onto his legs and ground my pussy into his cock.

I leant forward and offered my tits to his mouth, and I fucked him he sucked on both breasts in turn, sucking them deep as his cock when deep into me, and letting the nipples pop out from between his lips every time I rose to the top of his cock before forcing myself hard back down on it.

I had already cum once this morning, but I was quickly heading towards another orgasm, and this time I wanted to share it with Steve, and milk his cock with my pussy while I flooded my pussy again with my own juices. 

I sat straight up on top of him, knowing that this way his cock would sink that little bit deeper into the top of my pussy, and I could feel the head of his cock touching my cervix as his cock delved deeper inside me. I also reached behind me and started to massage his balls as I rode him.

I could feel him twitching beneath me, and knew it wouldn't be long before he filled me with his cum, so I brought my other hand to my pussy and massaged my clit as I rode his cock and squeezed his balls, and then with one last hard push down on his cock I felt his cock spasm inside me as he began to shoot his load into my pussy, and my pussy tightened around his cock as my second orgasm of the morning ripped through my body.

I squeezed his balls with my hand, and milked his cock with my pussy as I shuddered through my orgasm and then sat silently on top of his, basking in the moment as his cock slowly deflated inside me.

I sat there for a couple of minutes before getting of him, and showering his belly with a mix of our juices as they leaked from my pussy, and slipped into the bathroom for a shower. 

Steve joined me in the shower and we washed each other and kissed before I towelled off, dressed and slipped out of his room to go and change for breakfast. As I was coming out of Steve's room I ran straight into Derek, who looked me up and down and said "Steve was lucky last night then. Maybe we should have a nightcap in my room tonight." and carried on walking down the corridor.

I changed quickly and made my way down to the restaurant, where the three guys were sitting together having breakfast, and went and joined them.

To be continued...