 Recap - as told by Jenny

On the first night of a three day business trip to Scotland I ended up in some threesome action with three guys, Steve, Derek, and Mark who I was travelling with. I let both Steve and Derek come in my mouth while Mark fucked me, and then spent the night with Steve and had sex with him in the morning.

The events of the first night set the tone for the three day trip, and on the second night the four of us went to Derek's room after dinner.

During dinner the conversation had been centred around the events of last night in Steve's room, and the fact that I had evidently spent the night with Steve. Derek and Mark both wanted to have me spend a night with them. The fact that we were in Derek's room meant that I would, unless I decided otherwise later, be spending the night in his bed tonight.

We all sat on the bed drinking wine and talking at first, I was sat between Steve and Mark, and Derek got up onto the bed behind me. Steve made the first move when he started to caress my thigh with his hand, slipping it up and under my skirt. Mark's hand went to my other leg, and Derek reached round me and cupped my breasts.

Mark and Steve were working in unison, as one of them rubbed their hand up my thigh to gently touch my pussy through my tights and knickers, the others hand would be lightly drifting down towards my knee, then back up the inside of my thigh and onto my pussy.

Derek wasted no time in unbuttoning my blouse and dipping his hands into the cups of my bra to squeeze my breasts and tease my nipples. While he was doing this he started to kiss my neck and nibble my ears.

Mark and Steve unfastened my skirt between them, and eased it down over my hips, quickly followed by my tights and knickers. Derek unfastened my bra, and pulled it and my blouse down and off my arms. In seconds I was naked with three men again, and they resumed their sexual attack on me.

Derek was kissing me and playing with my breasts and nipples, which quickly responded to his touch and hardened. Meanwhile Mark and Steve were concentrating on my pussy. I'd never had two mens hands on my pussy at the same time before, and when they both sank fingers inside me the feeling was incredible.

Derek pulled me gently down so I was laying across the bed, and Mark took one of my nipples in his mouth and began to suck and nibble it which is something I love. Steve went to work on the other nipple, and they both still had their fingers in my pussy.  

Derek had quickly undressed and then positioned himself so he could press his cock against my lips, and I opened my mouth and hungrily sucked him in as the pleasure of being fingered by two men at the same time, and having both nipples sucked and licked drove me wild. 

I was fucking Derek's cock with my mouth and holding Steve and Mark's heads to my breasts, and bucking my pussy against their fingers. 

Steve got up and undressed next, and when he positioned himself between my legs, Mark moved away and undressed.

Steve sank his cock into my steaming wet pussy and began to fuck me hard and fast, while I continued to suck Derek hard. Mark came back to the bed and returned to my breasts while guiding one of my hands down to his cock. My other hand was cupping Derek's balls as I tried to bring him to orgasm with my mouth.

Steve was stroking in and out hard and fast and rubbing my clit with his hand and I could feel an orgasm approaching. Derek was thrusting into my mouth as I squeezed his balls and sucked on his cock. They had begun to thrust in unison so as Steve's cock plunged deep inside my pussy, Derek's cock was edging into my throat as deep as it would go.

They were fucking me both ends and Mark was keeping both my nipples wet and hard with his mouth and fingers.

I don't know how long it took before my pussy exploded all over Steve's cock, and as I shuddered to orgasm Steve sank his cock deep in my pussy and shot his load deep inside me. I felt Derek's ball contract in my hand, and then felt his hot spunk flooding my mouth.

As my pussy squeezed every drop of spunk from Steve's balls my mouth was sucking the last of Derek's spunk from his cock too, and I was shaking with the effect of the fucking.

When Steve pulled out of my pussy Mark rolled me over into a kneeling position and took me doggy style hard and fast.There was a real urgency to his fucking tonight, and after a couple of minutes he flooded my pussy with a second load of hot spunk.

When Mark had finished ejaculating in my pussy, Derek and Steve pulled me up off the bed, and Steve sat down on the bed as they pulled me down so I was kneeling between his legs, and Derek pushed his cock into my pussy from behind, just as Mark had.

Steve grabbed my hair, lifted my head, and held his cock to my lips before pushing it into my mouth. Derek began to pump away at my pussy from behind, and the rocking movement this caused pushed my head into Steve's crotch, and forced his cock deeper into my mouth and into the back of my throat.

As both men had already cum once tonight I knew that I was in for a longer and more forceful fucking as they worked up to filling me up with their cum for a second time. I also new that that meant more orgasms for me.

Derek gripped my hips and slammed his cock in and out of my pussy very hard and fast, and my whole body rocked back and forth with Steve's cock being forced in and out of my mouth at they same pace as Derek fucked my pussy.

As Derek continued to pound my pussy he slipped one hand down and cupped my pussy, rubbing away at my clit and grasped a breast with the other, tweaking my hard nipple as he fucked me.

Steve had both hands on the back of my head and was pulling my mouth up and down the length of his cock as I rocked with the force of Derek's fucking.

They pounded me both end for several minutes before I felt Steve's cock start to twitch in my mouth, and then he shot his load down my throat as Derek continued to fuck me. I sucked every last drop of cum from his balls, and let his softening cock fall from my lips. Mark and Steve switched places and I very quickly had another rock hard cock in my mouth.

Derek was like a man possessed though, his pace never slackened, I could feel his balls slapping against my pussy every time he rammed his hard cock into me, and now Mark was benefitting from the force of Derek's fucking forcing his cock deep in my mouth. 

The pace and force of Derek's fucking soon brought me to another massive orgasm and my pussy gripped his cock hard as I shook with pleasure. Between them Mark and Derek had moved me away from the Bed and Mark was now kneeling on front of me fucking my face as Derek continued his assault on my pussy.

Mark's cock was going deep into my throat as he thrust against the push of Derek from behind me, it was as if the two men were trying to make their cocks meet in the middle of me. Mark had his hand behind my head, stopping me pulling away, and I knew he was going to cum deep in my throat. Derek was gripping my hips and pounding away at my pussy.

Another orgasm wracked through my body, and as I convulsed through the sheer pleasure these two men were giving me I felt Mark's cock twitch and he sank it deep into my throat and shot his hot sticky semen straight down my throat. I gagged and coughed, and swallowed as best I could while Derek continued to fuck me faster and faster, then with one last push he too shot his load deep in my pussy.

We had been in Derek's room abut an hour and a half, and each of them had cum in both my mouth and my pussy in that time, and to be honest I needed a rest. So I told them that I was going to have a soak in the bath.

Not long after I climbed into a nice hot bath I heard the room door open and close, and then Derek came into the bathroom and told me that the other two had gone to the bar for a beer, and would not be coming back.

He sat with me as I soaked, an after my bath we went to bed where he cuddled up to me for the night.

When I awoke the next morning I was laid with my back to Derek, with his arms round me, and his hand cupping my breast. I could feel his hard cock pressing into my bottom. I lay there in his embrace for a while, until Derek woke as well.

The hand on my breast gently massaged and squeezed, and his other hand slipped down over my stomach seeking out my pussy and then teasing my clit. Derek was lightly kissing the back of my neck as his hands teased my breast and nipple and his finger slipped into my rapidly moistening pussy.

I parted my legs to allow him better access and he slipped another finger inside me and began to finger fuck me while he continued to kiss my neck and play with my breasts. I reached behind me and wrapped my fingers around his cock and began to wank him at the same pace that he was fucking me with his fingers.

We played with each other like this for a few minutes, and then Derek moved and rolled me onto my back before climbing between my legs and easing his cock into my wet and willing pussy. He began to stroke long and deep inside me and as he did he bent his head down to my breasts and sucked hard on my nipples.

He alternated between nipples as he fucked me harder and faster. The tempo and force of his thrusting rising with every stroke. The pace and power of his thrusts, and the urgency with which he was devouring my nipples was edging me quickly towards and orgasm, and I was meeting every thrust of his cock with my rising body as I tried to get his cock deeper inside me. One hand was gripping his bottom, pulling him into me while the other was holding his head tight to my chest. I felt my pussy muscles start to spasm around Derek's cock, and as I came his cock grew harder and longer and I felt his spunk spurt deep inside me as we came together.

Derek kept his cock deep inside me until every last drop of his spunk had been spurted or squeezed from his balls, and all the time he continued to suck and nibble my breasts and nipples.

When his erection finally subsided we shared a shower before heading grown for breakfast and another day at Head Office.