 Tonight would be the final night in Scotland with Derek, Mark, and Steve, and we'd had a group sex session on both nights so far, and I had spent one night with Steve and the other with Derek. I had no doubt that tonight would see me having sex with the three of them again, and that Mark would claim me for the night.

I wasn't wrong, but this night was different.

At dinner we talked about the day, and after a while the boys got to talking about the last couple of nights, and how much they had enjoyed getting to know me better, as they put it, and how they were looking forward to pleasuring me this evening, but tonight they planned to make it a little different. I was intrigued, but they wouldn't say anymore and just told to wait and see when we got to Marks room.

About half an hour later we were in Marks room, and as soon as we entered the room the three of them set about undressing me, Derek started with my blouse, and Mark went straight for my skirt. My skirt was off in seconds, and then Mark peeled my knickers and tights down my legs. Meanwhile Derek had unbuttoned my blouse, and as he pulled that off my shoulders Steve quickly unfastened my bra and pushed that off my shoulders and down my arms. In a matter of seconds I was completely naked. 

I was ushered over to the bed, and they laid me across the bed. Steve knelt between my legs and buried his tongue in my pussy, licking and sucking. Meanwhile Derek and Mark both stripped off, but instead of joining us on the bed, they each took one arm, and while I was lost in the world of pleasure between my legs, they wrapped their ties around my wrists and tied my arms to the legs of the bed. Another tie was wrapped around my head to blindfold me, and they told me that they wanted to deprive me of all my senses to heighten the pleasure from the sense of touch as they made love to me tonight.

Steve's tongue was working it's magic on my pussy, and my clit was already beginning to swell and my juices were flowing. His tongue was dipping into my pussy as he sucked on my clot, and I couldn't help but try and grind my pussy harder into his face. Mark and Derek moved to my legs, and stretched them wide before tying them to the legs of the bed as well.

So now I was tied firmly to the bed, with my arms and legs spread wide, blindfolded with Steve sucking on my pussy. 

Then Steve stopped and moved away. 

I felt a finger touching my stomach, and then another on the other side, and they slowly moved up and over my stomach towards my breasts. I felt a tongue on the inside of my thigh, licking slowly up towards my wet and waiting pussy. The fingers reached my breasts and hands cupped them and squeezed them, then pinched my nipples and rolled and stretched them between their fingers. 

I knew who was there, but I didn't know who was doing what.

The tongue lapped over my pussy lips, and down my other leg. My right nipple was being pulled and rolled between fingers expertly. I felt a tongue on my left nipple. being blindfolded all the sensations seemed much more intense, and as the tongue between my legs neared my pussy again I lifted my bottom off the bed to urge the tongue closer to my wetness.

My left breast was now being cupped and squeezed, and he was sucking my nipple hard. My right breast was being licked as my nipple was pulled and pinched. The mouth between my legs took my clit between his teeth and was gently nibbling at it.

I ground my pussy into his face as best I could, and arched my back to get the most of the attention to my breasts, and shuddered to an almighty orgasm as the tongue delved deep inside my pussy and he sucked my juices out.

Then as my orgasm subsided they left me alone again, but just for a minute. I felt a hand on my thigh, then one on the other thigh, and a finger stroked across my pussy lips. The there were three hands on my pussy, with each of them plunging a finger into my wet hole, other fingers pulled at my clit and my pussy lips and each hand plunged another finger inside me. They all began to finger fuck me while paying close attention to my lips and clit. 

Two mouths locked onto my breasts and nipples again, and I was in heaven. Unable to move, unable to see, all I could do was lay there and sink into the world of pleasure that was engulfing my body.

As the three men continued to finger fuck me I bucked my body in rhythm to force their fingers as deep inside me as I could, and could feel another orgasm rising inside me. I came hard, with my pussy spasming on their fingers, and could feel my juices seeping out of my pussy and down my bottom.

The fingers withdrew, and I felt the head of a cock push between my lips and deep inside me. My lover tore into me at a frantic pace while the other two continued to suck at my nipples, play with my breasts, and tease my pussy with their fingers. 

It wasn't long before I felt the cock in my pussy tensing and spurting his cum inside me, and as soon as it stopped twitching he pulled his cock from me, and was quickly replaced by another. There was no let up on the pace of my fucking though. Hard and fast and deep and with an urgency that I knew meant I'd be getting a second load of spunk deep inside me before long. The sheer pace of the forceful fucking I was receiving, and the effect of the two mouths on my breasts brought me back to the boil again, and I came again all over the cock that was pistoning in and out, and as my pussy muscles clenched his cock the second load of cum was driven deep inside me.

Before my own orgasm could subside cock number three was in me, and was slamming in and out and in and out just as hard, fast, and deep as the other two had. The ferocity of the sex was keeping me right on the edge of orgasm, and my pussy was ready to explode all over this cock as well. He fucked me hard and fast for four or five minutes before I felt my pussy being flooded with a third load of cum, and that wonderful warm jet of spunk tipped me over the edge and into my fourth orgasm of the night.

With all three of them having cum in such quick succession I thought I'd have the chance to rest for a while, but there was to be no respite and this third cock was quickly replaced by one of the other two men, and the fucking continued.

My rock hard nipples were beginning to feel very tender as two of the men continued to suck and nibble at them while the third was between my legs ploughing into my pussy as if his life depended on it. 

I came again, and as my orgasm subsided the cock inside me let go of yet another dose of spunk, deep inside me. Once spent the cock slipped from my pussy, and another was soon there in its place to continue the shagging I was getting. This second time round was lasting longer than the first, and as they each took turns to fuck me I was kept right on the edge of orgasm. My pussy was so full of cum, both theirs and my own, and I could feel this mixture of juices seeping out of my pussy and between my legs as I was pounded to yet another orgasm before a fifth load of spunk was deposited inside me.

The third of them quickly replaced the second, and continue to pound my swollen, wet, and filled pussy, forcing more of the combined cum out of my pussy with every thrust, and when he finally shot his second load of cum deep inside me I was relieved when no-one took his pale as he slipped from between my legs.

I lay there on the bed, basking in the warm glow of the multiple orgasms I had had during this marathon fucking session, and must have drifted off at some point. I woke when I heard the door to the room open and close.

Mark pulled the blindfold from my eyes, and then released my arms and legs. There was just the two of us in the room. Steve and Derek had gone back to their own rooms, and Mark had already run a bath for me.

I soaked in the bath for a while, and then joined Mark in his bed before driving off to sleep in the arms of yet another man.

To be continued...