 My last day in Scotland with three work colleagues.

I was woken up early the next morning to the very pleasurable experience of having my pussy licked by Mark. When he noticed that I was awake he moved so we were in the classic sixty-nine position, and went back to his ministrations on my pussy, licking gently around the lips, then between the lips, before pushing his tongue inside me, and then starting all over again.

It was a wonderful way to start the day, and there in front of my eyes was his cock, which I watched harden and twitch as he continued to pleasure my pussy with his tongue.

He continue to suck and lick and probe, and then he began to suck on my clit. I felt a wave of pleasure flood over me, and at that point took hold of his cock and began to slowly rub up and down as I licked around the top and then slowly engulfed the head of his cock in my mouth and gently sucked.

Mark was spurred on by my actions and attacked my pussy with more vigour, and his efforts did not go unrewarded as I sucked his cock deeper into my mouth until my lips met my hand, and then I began to fuck his cock with my mouth and hand.

Marks tongue was deep inside me, and I could feel his chin rubbing against my clit as he explored the insides of my pussy. I knew it wouldn't be long before I came on his face, and I wanted to make sure that he was close to cumming when I did if I could. So I concentrated on licking the head of his cock and closing my lips over it and sucking hard as I pulled my mouth back up and off the tip. 

I could feel his cock start to twitch, and I was bucking my pussy hard against his face. I wasn't going to make Mark cum first, the pleasure he was giving me was too intense, and I felt my whole body shake as my pussy flooded with juices. I suck his cock deep into my mouth as I work my pussy into his face, and I rolled us over so he was beneath me. 

As I continued to grind my wet and sloppy pussy onto his face I went back to sucking and wanking his cock hard, and I squeezed his balls gently as well. Mark continued to suck the juices from my cunt, and lick and nibble at my clit, and I could feel his cock harden and knew that his spunk would be in my throat before too long.

I gently cupped his balls and stroked my mouth up and down the length of his cock, sucking hard every time I lifted my head as if I was trying to suck his cock back inside my mouth as I lifted my head up. Long and deep and fast I fucked his cock with my mouth, and then I felt his balls tighten and the first shot of semen hit the back of my throat. I engulfed his cock deep in my mouth and milked it dry as he spurted time and time again down my throat.

I swallowed his cum as fast as I could, and once his cock had stopped twitching I let if fall from my mouth and rolled off him. We lay together for a little while before Mark got up and headed in to the bathroom for a shower. 

After we had both showered and dressed we met the other two guys for breakfast and then headed into the office before catching the midday train back home.

That night, back at home, I suggested to Jack that we should have an early night as I had something to tell him. When we were in bed I asked him to lay on his back, and sucked his cock until he was hard and ready and then I sat astride him, lowered myself onto his cock and as I began to ride him I shared the story of my trip to Scotland, and the three group sex sessions I'd had with him.

I rode him slowly, as I shared the details of the three nights, and after I had told him all that had happened, and how much I had enjoyed being a slut wife, I raised the tempo and rode him hard until his cock began to spurt his cum deep inside me and I drained his cock of cum.

Jenny's adventures will continue....................