 It was mid summer; my girlfriend Mojha came over to visit. She wanted to see my new apartment and help me unpack. She was more excited then I was. 

Time ticked away and we were almost done with getting my place together. Someone knocked on the door and Mojha ran to answer it. It was Rob and Jim our boyfriends. I jumped up ran over to Jim and gave him a hug and kissed him. God it felt so good to taste his sweetness on my lips. I was still holding Jim. Rob came over and pinched me on the ass.

"Hey there sexy," he said

"Hey Rob," I said

Mojha looked at him with an angry face.

"Rob, what's up with you, no kiss or hugs for me?" 

She picked up her stuff and headed to the door. I turned around and asked her where she was going, she turned to me and said, "I'm going home." She opened the door and left. We heard the car start up and she was off.

I felt bad, but she knew that Rob and I had something special together. Yes, he was my first love. He had taken my virginity away long ago. So there is that special bond between us. My boyfriend Jim knew this and it had not bothered him about the way Rob was towards me for he knew that I loved him.

Time ticked away, Mojha never came back or called. 

We sat around my apartment laughed and told stories, and then my boyfriend came closer to me and started kissing me hard. I felt a little tense because I could see that Rob was watching us. Jim leaned over and said in my ear. 

"I know how hot you get when you are being watched" I looked at him and said,

"You know what I am thinking?"

"No baby?" he spoke

I want to have Rob and you tonight and together. 

Jim looked startled.

I whispered to Jim, if you don't want to I do understand but I have to admit to you that I was getting excited thinking about all the possibilities for pleasure I could have with Rob and you in my bed. 

"No, its ok, I just feel a bit weird. It might be horrible, or it might turn into a real jealousy thing, or it might be really, really hot and wonderful." 

He sighed again and said: "I don't know. We've never really done this before But, I love you, and I want you to enjoy sex, so long as we are exploring together. You are mine, and I intend for you to stay mine. Just as long as he knows this, and accepts it, and you know who your man is. It actually does turn me on to think of watching you with another man."

"Ok!" I smiled up at him and kissed him lovingly, "I'll go ask him." He laughed.

I went up to Rob and asked and at first he said, "No," I can't hurt Mojha. Which I could understand and then he said, oh hell, be stupid to turn down a threesome with you.

He grabbed my ass firmly through my jeans and pulling me against his hard cock, tilting my hips so that he brushed my very warm, engorged, and well-lubricated clit. I gasped and kissed him back harder.

I went over to my large bed. The men were quick to follow. I faced the two of them and held out my hand. "C'mere boys," I said in a sexy but seductive voice. 

"Now, since you seem to enjoy being a voyeur, boyfriend of mine, I am going to let you watch Rob seduce your girlfriend. No condoms. I want to feel every hot inch of his cock; I want him to feel the slippery hot wetness that is dripping from me covering his cock when he takes me. I want his cum in me. I want to taste it, and feel it mingle with my own cum, as my orgasm dips my cervix into our juices." 

Jim's eyes popped from his sockets, and his jaw went slack. I thought he was going to balk, but after a few seconds he said: 

"Yes, Okay. I'll do what you want baby"

Rob began touching me through my clothes. I pulled his shirt from his wais, and ran my hands across his warm skin. He felt wonderfully exciting, new, and electrically charged. I slipped off my shoes, and knelt to kiss his belly. 

I shot a quick glance at my boyfriend, who was watching with a mixed look of love, jealousy, and lustfulness. 

Rob pulled me back up to taste my mouth; I had tied my shirt under my breasts, and Rob pushed the shirt over my shoulders and down my arms. I slipped out of the sleeves, and lifted my right leg to wrap around his waist, something that my boyfriend loves for me to do. Rob responded by grabbing a double handful of my ass and biting my neck with a moan. I rubbed him through his jeans with my right hand. He was kissing at my ears and raising the fine hairs on the back of my neck as I felt quivers run from my spine, my aching hard nipples erect, my swollen clit ached to be sucked, my slippery pussy drenching my panties. I gasped for air from the excitement. I looked again at my boyfriend, not wanting him to be hurt. He nodded encouragement at me and licked his lips. I allowed myself to relax fully, knowing that Jim was not upset with how things were going, and that everything was safe because he was there. 

I finished removing Rob's shirt and undershirt as he rubbed and pressed and pulled at my body. I allowed him to remove my tee shirt and stopped him from taking off my red bra. 

"Not yet," I whispered, and knelt down before him. I wanted to be the one in control not him. I took his shoes and removed them. I removed his socks, giving his feet a tickle with a short rub. I looked up at him, and allowed him to absorb the sight of a woman kneeling before him, full breasts straining at the fabric of my bra, dark curls falling around my head, face looking up at him with desire. Then I ran my hands up his legs, cupping his balls and rubbing him through his jeans.

I moved closer and ran my parted lips over the long bulge that was straining at the blue fabric, blowing breaths of hot air through the cotton. I kissed the skin along his waistband and opened his fly buttons. As I released him, the beautiful male scent of him filled my nostrils, and his eager young cock probed from the opening in his cotton briefs. I licked my lips hungrily, making sure that both men could see it, as I watched a tear of clear pre-cum leak from Rob's cock. I licked at it hard, with my tongue, cleaning his cock head of all traces of his juice, and then took him into my mouth, gently sucking, and stroking him with my fingers. I pulled him from my lips with a slurp sound and looked up. 

"Do you like that, Rob?"

"Mmm hmm..." he said

I pulled his underwear down and removed them and his jeans from his ankles. I stood and said: 

"Good, then you'll love this." 

I guided him to the bed and pushed him down onto his back. I quickly removed my jeans and socks and straddled him, making sure he felt the moist heat radiating from between my thighs and through the thin cotton of my panties. I rubbed my crotch up and down against his length, enjoying the look of tortured pleasure on Rob's face. After a few minutes, I rolled off him to remove my panties, tossing the damp, snail-tracked fabric at my boyfriend. I returned to rubbing myself against Rob, now coating the sensitive underside of his cock with the juices leaking from my lips. The warm, slippery bath elicited a hungry moan from his chest, and his hands found my ass and ground me into him. The pressure against my hot, protruding clit sent shivers through me as I cum. As I got over the first waves, I turned to Jim and asked him to please help me, to show me it was ok to have Rob inside me by putting him inside me. He came to our side and asked what I meant by that. 

"Grab his cock and lift it so I can take him into me, hold him so I can slide down. Show me that it's ok, Baby, help me fuck him." I pleaded. He looked a little unsure that he wanted to touch Robs cock, but I looked up at him and begged, "Please, Jim. I need you to give him to me. Please." He nodded, and guiltily reached down to where our two bodies would join. He caressed my ass, and rubbed the wetness between my thighs, and I kissed him.

I lifted my body up enough to accommodate the gift my boyfriend was giving me as he grabbed the warm shaft of Rob's erection. I broke off the kiss, and looked down at Rob, who looked much surprised at the situation. I met the head of his penis with the hot mouth of my pussy and wiggled my hips to give it a good coating of my lube to join his own. I was a little surprised when Jim took a firmer grip of Rob's and began rubbing this other guy's cock up and down my lips, rubbing my clit and teasing the entrance to my womb. I closed my eyes and sat down slowly, feeling every centimeter of pleasure as I took this man deep into me as I reached the base of his cock, Jim began rubbing my clit as I rocked back and forth on the warm, hard, column of flesh that was buried in my pussy. I looked up at him with pure lust and told him that that was enough for now. I returned attention to Rob, who had placed his hands on my hips, gently pulling and pushing them in rhythm. I rubbed my clit with two fingers and cupped my breasts with my right hand. I asked Rob if he wanted to see my breasts, and of course he said yes. I stopped rubbing my clit and fed the juice-coated fingers to him. He sucked and licked them clean and told me I was so delicious.

I reached behind my back and unclasped my bra, slipping it from my shoulders and down my arms, letting it fall to the floor beside the bed. I cupped my firm, tan breasts, presenting them to him. He smiled and reached up to grab them, placing his warm palms over my nipples, rubbing in a gentle circle. I moaned and leaned forward to kiss him and fuck against him with longer strokes. I brushed my breast against the sparse hair on his chest as he again reached down to guide him deeper into my pussy. He grabbed a double handful of my naked ass and began to impale me on his cock. I was on top, but he was fucking me so hard moving his hips up and down where his ass was lifting up a bit. I was so relaxed and enjoying it all, rubbing my clit into his coarse pubic hair, as his cock stroked the sensitive parts of my pussy walls and the entrance to my womb. The gentle stirring effect of him is shaking my cervix building up inside me. I lost track of how many times I cum, but I remember Jim coming to lay beside us at some point, stroking my back and ass and telling me how beautiful I was and how fuckable and naughty I looked climaxing on Rob's cock.

He started fingering my bottom as I rode Rob's to his first climax. I began to cum and I could not stop cumin! I screamed and moaned so fucking loud. Rob sent his hot cum into me as I milked his cock with my pussy and clenched my boyfriends probing finger with my muscles. I went limp and rested against Rob's as he and Jim stroked my tingling body. I lay there for what seemed like days, enjoying the afterglow and the affectionate attentions of four hands and two mouths caressing and exploring my body.

I recovered enough to raise my head and look up at my man. He looked at me tenderly and stroked my cheek and my hair. I told him I loved him and that I thanked him for giving me this pleasure. I kissed Rob and slowly got up enough to crawl into my boyfriend's lap, facing him. He put his arms around me and I felt his erection growing against my lower belly. I said something like: 

"Aw, is it your turn now? Do you want to fuck me, knowing that you will be dipping the head of your penis into Rob's fresh cum? Does it turn you on to know that I'm all lubed and slippery with another man's cum? Or do you want to fuck your little slut girlfriend to punish her?" I asked, finally.

"Yes. I want to punish you, and I do want a piece, even if you are slick with the fresh sperm of another man.

Get up." He was trying to play like he was rough and angry with me, but I knew he was playing.

I climbed off of him, and Jim sat on the bottom left corner of the bed. He beckoned me over and turned me so he could enter me from behind. I sat down on his lap, and he lifted my thighs so that my legs draped over his, leaving me wide open to being touched and fondled. He kissed my neck and rubbed my breasts.

He used one hand to stroke my thighs gently, and teased me as my pleasure grew again. 

He asked Rob to come kneel in front of me.

Rob nodded and knelt in front of us. He said: 

"I'm doing this," and went right into sucking on my clit, he ran his tongue over me, even licking Jim's shaft as it rocked slowly in and out of me. Between the two of them I was cumin in waves again in very little time. 

Eventually, Jim lifted me off him, and laid me back on the bed to fuck me doggie style. He had better movement this way and began filling me with full strokes. Rob came over he was ready to fuck me again but this time with Jim in my pussy. He took his cock and glided into my ass. Slowly I could feel my asshole being stretch. I was in a little pain but a good feeling pain. In a glimpse of time he was in. Pumping my ass hard and long strokes and Jim fucking my pussy. God dammit it felt so good. I was screaming and moaning so loud, my cum and Rob's cum what was left in my pussy was cumin out and getting all over my legs and Jims cock. 

Harder Jim was fucking me. He was so excited and turned on that his moans were loud and the words he was speaking I couldn't believe he was so fuckin hot. He started to cum quickly, throwing his head back and gasping as he continued to thrust into me. I could feel his hot cum squirt deep inside my pussy. I started to cum again, my body felt so worn down but it felt great to cum for my man. Rob was still fucking my ass as Jim left his cock inside me for a few. I moaned to Rob to cum for me. 

"Let me feel that cum in my ass"

"Cum baby"

"Cum"

I spoke those last words and Rob started to cum, squeezing my ass so hard. He pushed deep one more time to push his cum deeper into my ass. I pulled him down against me and we cuddled as Rob lay down beside us. I ended up taking both there cocks into my mouth and started to lick and suck what was left, plus feel the taste of all of our cum mixed together. 

"Mmmm yeah" Jim and Rob said, "You like that taste don't you?" I look up with seductive yes and said, "Yes I Do"

We ended up sleeping together, with the two men on either side of me, until morning.

The threesome lasted for three months. Each day we have done different things together and never told my girlfriend our little secret.