 I have always had this desire to have a Gangbang with lots of men and the other day this desire of mine came true, but let me start at the beginning.

My name is Jenny and I'm thirty one. I work in a residential home in the center of the city. I think I'm very nice looking, for I have an okay figure and I love sex more than anything else in the world. I am bi-curious and found that out some time ago making it with another woman would be very nice. But to be honest, for a real thrill and for the best possible orgasms, I got to have a man for I only feel really happy and satisfied when I have a nice hot cock inside of me. I always had this secret desire to have a gangbang, but try as I might; I had been unable to get it together...until a few days ago that is.

I went out to visit a friend, when I ran into Steve. I hadn't seen him for ages. He is the same age as me. We used to fuck with each other quite a lot and then we sort of drifted apart. We were both pleased to see each other, so we went into this little bar for a drink and a chat.

"Where do you live now?" I asked, for he had moved out of town six months earlier.

"I've moved back here," he said. "I live just around the corner from you. I've only been back a few days and I was meaning to look you up."

I stared to stare at him across the table and then picked up my drink. He looked hot with his long brown hair, sexy eyes and his lovely smile. Just looking at him reminded me of the times we had fucked and thinking about that made the juices cream up inside me.

"Perhaps we could get together again sometime?" I suggested.

"That would be nice," he said, I nodded and then he smiled. 

"I remember how lovely your pussy used to taste," he went on. "I loved going down on you and licking your clit."

"I loved the taste of your cock also," I said and looked at him and added. 

"How about getting together again?" 

"I live with this dude called Bill now," he said, 

"Oh." I replied

"But come around and see me, Jenny," he said. 

"Come round and we'll have a threesome. I'm sure you'll like Bill, he's a great lover, with a huge cock and I'm sure he'd really love to get his cock inside you."

"You always did say what you were thinking, Steve," I said.

"No point in beating around the bush," he replied. 

"Look, here's my new address, come around this evening; meet Bill and if you like him then we'll all can get together."

"I'm sure I'll like him," I said.

"Steve" I would love to bring a couple more men over with me, I want to do a gangbang.

"What you think, I replied"

"Sounds great to me darling, would love to see you fucked and gaping with cock cream Jenny" "Surprise you mention a gangbang, not like you"

"Yes, I know been wanting to live my fantasy out"

"Rob has the tastiest cock that I've ever sucked," 

(Wanted Steve to know all about the two other men I was bringing over for Steve was bisexual and he loved cocks just like I do.)

I like a good tasty cock," he replied.

"Yes, I know you do," I said. "Not only has he got this huge cock, but he really does know how to use it on me."

"Tony is the other friend of mine. He is not huge but his cock is thick and I know he will leave me gaping also."

"That's nice," he whispered and the thought of the gangbang, was running through his head. You could tell he was thinking hard.

That very moment was making me very wet indeed, so wet that I thought my panties would be a real mess before I got home.

"Look, come around about eight this evening," he said, and he finished his drink and stood up. 

"I'm sure you'll like him and anyway, I'm really looking forward to sucking out that pussy of your again."

"And I'm looking forward to tasting your cock cream once more," I told him.

He smiled, waved and left the bar. 

I was feeling well pleased with myself, for it looked as if that secret desire of mine was about to come true. I drove home shortly after my last drink and when I took my panties off to take a shower, sure enough; I found that they were so wet that they were on the urge of falling apart. I was feeling really horny thinking about what was going to happen tonight... I was sure I would like Bill and the thought was making me wet as anything and so I thought I had to do something about it. 

I left my clothes in a pile on the bedroom floor and got onto the bed. My large, firm tits were heaving up and down and my inch long nipples were as hard as they could possibly be. I reached down with my right hand and slowly pushed two of my fingers all the way up into my soaking wet pussy. Of course, I was so worked up, that as soon as my fingers started to go up inside my pussy I had a screaming orgasm.

I needed that and it was nice. But I wanted more and so I pushed them into my wet pussy a little more and started to rub them inside my walls, twisting them around inside myself. Multiple orgasms raced through my groin, so big, so lovely that I started to moan out loud and then as I worked my stiff fingers in and out, volumes of pussy juice escaped from me wetting my entire hand. 

Yes, I thought; as I carried on fingering my love hole, this will really put me in the mood for the rest of the evening.

The feel of my fingers up there inside my pussy was a real big turn on and my juices were flowing nice and freely. I didn't finger off too fast, for I didn't want to tire myself out, well not too much anyway. I fingered away for a few minutes longer, then removed my fingers from my sticky pussy hole and licked them dry. God, I loved the taste of myself!

I had a shower, something to eat, and then about seven I went around to Rob's and Tony's place and they were home. I told them I had a nice surprise waiting for them to come with me and they all looked confused.

"Where you taking us," said Rob

"You'll see," I replied, "Get in the car you two."

Was a quiet ride to Steve's house?

We arrived at Steve's he was more than pleased to see us.

"Come in and meet Bill," he said

I went into the lounge and Bill was there. I liked him on the spot. I liked his looks, the fact that he was naked, that his cock was huge and thick and that his balls were full and smooth shaved. He was flat on his back on the carpet and going by the way his cock was gleaming, it was rather obvious that Steve had been giving it a good licking just before I had arrived.

"Just warming up," said Steve, who was still fully dressed.

"I like that cock," I said.

"I'm pleased," said Bill.

"I said you two would get along," smiled Steve. "Hey, let's go into the living room and get some real action going, shall we?"

Rob and Tony didn't know what to say.

"Guys we are having a gangbang and I wanted my two best men here to fuck me and make me have a night to remember"

"Wow", replied Tony

"Dam Jenny, you got me, but hey I would fuck you anytime with a pussy you got," said Rob

I nodded and so did Steve. Bill stood up and to be honest, I couldn't take my eyes from that cock of his. It just had to be one of the thickest cocks that I had ever seen. To tell another truth, I wanted it inside of me so badly that it hurt, if you know what I mean.

"I can tell you like that prick," said the other guys, as we went into the living room.

"It's making me wet just looking at it," I said.

"Well, be my guest," said Bill and he started to help me get undressed. "And don't worry, we can fuck all night. We all can recover very fast and can easily manage to keep on fucking you till you are worn out pretty lady."

I was now naked and so was Rob and Tony, Steve. Steve's body was hot and sexy. It's the same as I remembered it. 

Steve was looking at me. He was examining my body up and down.

My breasts were the same size, though my nipples looked a deep brown in color, I had shaved my pussy hair so that my lips showed up nicely. My lips were pouting and wet, and he smiled at me again.

"I want to just see if you still taste as good," he said. 

He went down on his knees while I stood there by the side of the sofa. The next thing I knew he was licking away at my pussy lips. Bill was sitting on the edge of the bed and he was watching. He was looking more than happy. Rob and Tony were both smiling holding there crouches and watching well, most men would look happy to see this. I felt a thrill go through me as Steve's wet tongue lapped away at my pussy lips. Then, he was just poking away inside me with the tip of his tongue, pushing just the tip inside my pussy, getting a taste of my hot sweet juices. After a minute or so, during which time he gave me a couple of good orgasms, he stood up and licked his lips.

"You taste as good as ever," he said.

"I want a taste," said Bill.

"You can suck her later," said Steve, steering me toward Bill.

"Right now, Jenny here wants to feel that cock of yours inside her pussy, isn't that right, Jenny?"

"Yes, I'd like that," I said.

"Okay, come here and get fucked," said Bill.

"How do you want it?" asked Steve.

"Well, Steve," I said. "It would be nice if you brought your cock by my face so that I could suck you, while Bill fucked my pussy with his lovely cock and Tony I want to stroke his cock and Rob I want him in a few minutes in my ass as Bill fucks my pussy.""

"Now, that's what I call a good idea," said Steve.

I smiled and nodded. I was pleased that he was going along with what I wanted. This really was a secret desire come true and I was sure I was really going to enjoy every single thing that happened to me during the course of the night.

I was on all fours and Steve moved up to me. Within a few seconds he was crouched over my face, so that by looking up I could see every single detail of his cock. Large drops of pre cum were dripping down from him, these were soon splashing over my face and those drops were hot and lovely. I opened my mouth and some fell inside and I drank them down. They tasted as good as ever.

Bill was watching all this. That is the good thing about a gangbang. A man has so much to watch. It must be a real turn on for a man to see all that. Anyway, he was above my face and his hot cock was dripping juice and I was drinking it down making my own pussy produce gobs of juice of its own.

Then Steve grabbed my head all the way down smothering my mouth with his cock. It gave me both the opportunity and the pleasure to snake my tongue all around his cock and begin sucking him hard. I heard him moan with excitement as my mouth was sucking him hard and fast. Soon he was shaking like mad, proving that my efforts were making him cum again and again. I sucked away, lapped away at his sweet hot cum and then I felt something that made me have a huge climax. What I felt was the head of a huge cock against my pussy lips and that is the sensation that will give any woman a mind blowing orgasm. That cock of Bill's was all purple, hot and huge, throbbing as he pushed it gently against my pussy lips. I felt him increase the pressure, then felt my lips part and my pussy cream flood and cover him. Then he pushed some more, and if Steve's cock hadn't been covering my mouth and nose, if I hadn't had my mouth buried with his cock, then I would have let out the biggest sexual moan of my life. Bill's cock started to glide in and out of my pussy. I stroked Tony faster; I wanted him to feel pleasure also. Taking my mouth, I brought his cock closer and started to suck. His hips buckled and his one hand grabbed my breast and was stroking it.

"Mmm, Tony you like that baby, I whispered"

I pushed my tongue all around Tony's cock, tracing it lightly around his rim as Bill pushed his cock deeper into my pussy hole. The sensation was getting better and better. I climaxed as his swollen cock touched the very depths of my fuck hole and as he pushed in, as that shaft made the walls of my love tunnel bulge out, I thought I was going to faint from the pleasure of it all.

Rob sneaked over with his hard cock and entered my ass slowly. He begins to slide it in more and more. My body quivered with delight.

"Rob", fuck me baby, I moaned

"Make my ass gap like my pussy.

This gangbang thing was good, if not better than I ever thought it could be. I heaved and had another orgasm as he pulled out, and now only the tip of his swollen cock was inside me, and I started to suck harder at Tony's cock as he pushed his cock back inside me. This was sheer heaven, this was bliss, and this was out of this world. I had a thick cock going in and out of my pussy. I had my mouth working on Tony's cock more and more. 

I was truly in fuck heaven!

Then Bill started to deep stroke my pussy hard and fast, started to really pump away with that lovely cock of his. I continued to cum more than ever before. My pussy felt so stretched out I was finding it hard to breathe, I needed to shout and sob from all the pleasure that I was getting. Steve must have realized this, for he suddenly looked at my face. I lifted my back up in the air, Bill held close as he carried on pumping my pussy with his huge cock. Then he withdrew and Rob took his cock out of my ass and sneaked into to my wet pussy. He started to fuck me hard and fast. My pussy was creaming all over him. He was fucking me so good just as well as Bill was. 

Tony he went over to my ass and started to slide his big cock inside me and Bill he brought his cock to my mouth for me to suck and I did. I wanted him to spray me all over with his cum. Steve looked down at me and he smiled, and the he leaned over and kissed me on the mouth, with Bills cock still in there using the tip of his tongue to lick up all the drops of Bill's pre cum from my lips. After he had done that and while Bill was still moaning from my sucking his prick in and out of my mouth at one hell of a speed. He started to cum. I pulled away and his cum shot all over my face down to my nipples. I felt some hit my lips as I had my tongue run along them to sweep up a few drops. Steve moved down and was running his tongue over my tits tasting Bills cum. I moaned loud as Tony cock was really fucking my ass which gave me another series of hot orgasms. Then I had a mega orgasm, for Rob had given his deep thrust into me, so deep and hard and beautiful, that for a moment I thought his balls were in me as well...and that would have been wonderful! Yes, he gave that deep plunge with his hot cock. I felt violent bursts of hot cum shoot from his prick. 

Now some women say they can't feel it when a man cums inside them. I just can't understand those women. I always, but always feel every single drop when a man shoots his hot load inside my pussy. And believe me I felt every drop of Rob's load as it went into me and I was making really sure that I received everything that he had to offer, for I was reaching an orgasm. He was shooting out great dollops of cum into my pussy and the orgasms were flooding through me hard and fast. He was amazing as he pumped away, yes; he was still thrusting that lovely cock of his hard into my pussy as it spurted a never ending torrent of thick, hot cum. I don't think I've ever had cum shot so deep in my pussy as it was then. When I say that my pussy hole, my fuck tube, was filled with that man's cum, I mean every single word of it! He pumped away until the last few drops came from him, pulled out and Tony pulled out and shot his cum at me. His cum went into my hair and across my face and like me was gasping for breath. He stood there, his cock glistening and still semi-erect, coated with his cum, but Rob's cock and Bill's had just given me the fuck of my life. The men stood over me and looked and had big smiles on there faces. I was also out of breath, laying there, legs spread wide apart as I felt that lovely spunk of Rob's that had filled my pussy. I lay there, my pussy pulsating with my wetness and Rob's discharge... I was in heaven! I could feel it clinging to the inside walls of my pussy and I could also feel it starting to dribble out from my pussy. There were thick globs of it, mingling with my own pussy cream and slowly running from my pussy hole, some of it staying on my pussy lips, some running down a little more onto my thighs. It was a lovely, sticky, wet feeling, that after sex feeling that I just adore.

"What a lovely sight," Tony said, as he looked at my pussy.

"You can say that again," said Bill, as he glanced over at me.

"It's so hot, all that white cum flowing from your cunt," said Rob.

"I know what you're thinking," said Bill, as he looked at Steve and smiled.

"What can he be thinking," I asked.

"He is thinking," said Bill, that he would like to go down on you and suck and lip your pussy."

"What, with all that cum inside me?"

"That's right," said Bill and he smiled. "Steve is a very kinky man indeed. What do you think?"

I thought for a moment and agreed that it sounded good. After all, I had wanted a gangbang and I knew that Steve was really sexy. I said that I wanted to try out everything and anything. I hadn't said that last bit to those three, but I had said it to myself while in the shower before going to their place.

"Here Steve, Have a good suck," I said and opened my legs even wider.

"Here I go," said Steve, as she dove down between my legs. Bill, Rob and Tony smiled and leaned closer so they could see every single detail of what Steve was about to do to my cum filled pussy hole.

"Oh, that's so good," I moaned; as I felt Steve's wet tongue begin moving all over my pussy lips. Now it's obvious that I've been licked and sucked by many men, but it is also obvious that this is the first time that another man has sucked cum from my pussy. Of course I new what it would taste like taken from my well fucked pussy. Sure I knew the taste... because often, after a man had fucked me, I'd reach down there with one or the other of my hands and push a couple of fingers inside me and finger off for a while, and pull those fingers out of me coated with the man's cum. I'd then lick my fingers, lick them dry and clean. So I knew what cum taken from my well fucked pussy really did taste like. But, it had never been taken from my pussy like this before, never by another hot man's lips and tongue.

I felt his tongue and lips sucking wildly at my hole, felt him licking and sucking all the cream from there, and of course the mere touch of his pointed tongue on my hard clit gave me a huge climax all over again.

"Oh, what a lovely taste," sighed Steve

"What a lovely sight," said Bill, Tony, Rob.

"What a fucking fantastic feeling," I said.

Steve smiled and then his head went down again. This time his tongue probed deep inside me. His entire mouth covered my swollen pussy lips as he wiggled his tongue inside me and lapped me out for all he was worth. The suction from his mouth when he got under way was really something and Rob's cum came flowing from my pussy hole along with my sticky pussy cream. It came gurgling and bubbling into his mouth and it goes without saying that as he sucked all that creamy mixture down, I had a couple of monster orgasms.

Yes, that was really fantastic and I loved it. As he sucked out my well fucked hole, as more and more of Rob's load came out into his mouth and covered his face. I thought to myself that this desire I had, This fantasy I had wondered about all these years had now has came true, was the best I ever had. I loved it. I loved everything about... Will I ever have a gangbang again?

YOU CAN BET ON IT!!