 JENNY 4 REVENGE IS SWEET

Graduation week, and as I prepare for a special night out I'm reflecting on my three years at University.

Gone is the insecure, naïve, shy Jenny of three years ago, she has been replaced by the new me, a strong, confident, mature and sexy young woman, about to graduate with 1st class degrees in Electronic Engineering and Applied Maths.

I'd got four firm job offers and guaranteed funding for my own start-up from three sources, one of which included the offer of a job as well. That's the academic side, on the personal front the transformation has been just as great.

Over my years at Uni, I've had a total of eight lovers, equally split between male and female, I would say my sexual orientation is hetro but with a strong pull to the bi. My females loves have been two on a long-term basis, both of my flatmates, Kerry on an on-off basis and Charlie who has been a more or less permanent lover for two years, we are not a lesbian couple, far from it as Charlie, like me, is into men, but likes a swing with a girl, so she's been like a friend with very special benefits.

Charlie and I have made love about once a week for the last two years whilst my flings with Kerry have been short and intense and lasted a few weeks at a time, whilst both of us have wanted it. My other two girl on girl affairs have been short time flings with a couple of girls at Uni, neither lasted more than two weeks.

On the male front, there's Mike, my long-term "friend with benefits," plus Dan who is a guy Mike got to join us when I asked him for a three-way, but unknown to Mike, I have hooked up with Dan on a couple of occasions, for the odd night or two, nothing heavy just a quick evening or weekend of non comital sex. There have also been two quick flings with guys at home when on vacation, one lasted the weekend, whilst the other a couple of weeks. I've never dated guys at Uni, as apart from Mike, I've not seen anyone who I have been interested in.

So all in all not an over promiscuous existence especially when you take out my long-term liaisons, I know some girls who have had that many partners in a week.

There are also three more guys who I have had a sexual encounter with, and they are the reason for my special night out, I'm about to get revenge on them, by teasing two of them and tormenting the other. In my first week at Uni, while still fresh and young I was coerced or blackmailed into giving a gang blowjob session to four guys, Mike being the other and that is why he has never been a true boyfriend. Mike and two others, Chris and Paul realised they had gone too far and apologised to me the day after but the third, Steve had been total shit and refused to do so. Chris and Paul were going to be teased, but Steve was going to be tormented to distraction.

The shower has hot and steamy, as I covered myself, in soapy suds all over my body, relaxing in the heat, whilst I gave myself a trim to neaten things up when I realised I'd made a mistake and gone too far, oh well what the hell, I'd go fully shaved for a change, something I've never done before and which might torment the guys even more.

After finishing my shower and moisturising my firm nubile body, I'm naked deciding what to wear for the night. Something to tempt and tease but not overtly sexy, just like my normal self.

Got to be a push-up bra and high cut panties set, I've got one in deep blue that would do fine, so put them on, now, bare legs of stockings? I'm taunting the guys so got to be stockings, gives me more to strip off for them as well, I decided on a pair of sheer dark hold-ups, not black but mid-grey tone, again very sexy but restrained, this will drive them wild when they see me parading about in front of them in bra, pants and hold ups I think as I see myself in the mirror.

Now a dress or skirt and blouse? A nice just above knee slinky swirly skirt and pale lemon silk blouse, will do fine, as I'm laying these out on the bed I notice something at the back of my underwear draw, it's the thing that got me into trouble those years ago, the bra-slip that I had refused to take off when I had lost at strip poker. An idea went through my mind, I'm going to wear that as well.

At this moment the door to the flat opens and Charlie appears, "Hey you look sexy," she says as she comes up to me, kissing me and immediately dropping a hand into my panties, pushing deep and then playing with my pussy, getting two fingers deep into me, playing with me, stimulating me, at first I responded to her advances, then realizing I wanted to be hot and horny for later, pushed her away.

As Charlie looked hurt and upset about my rejection, I told her of my plans for the night, "You evil, minx that's going to drive them wild."

"I know that's my intention," I replied.

"Hey, you know what you should do"

"Already thought of it and organised, Kerry set things up yesterday, so we can all watch the videos in a couple of days time," I interrupted her.

"Why a couple of days, I want to see the result tomorrow."

"Can't. Kerry needs to download and edit things and she is away tomorrow, so you will just have to wait."

With that, I finished dressing, applied my makeup in an understated manner, just a bit of eyeshadow for emphasis and then went off for my fun night out.

I got to the room I had hired to find all four guys, stood around, having a beer from the supply in the corner, Mike didn't know what was going on, but had ensured all the other three guys were here. That I had asked to see them for one last time before graduation and they had an idea that something special may be on the cards.

As I entered the room and took off my coat the room went silent then, "Wow, Jenny you look fantastic."

Mike stood in open-mouthed amazement, I could see myself in the mirror and I looked stunning, long blonde hair done up in a ponytail, slinky skirt about three inches above the knee, emphasising my long slender toned legs, blouse that was not too tight but gave a hint of my curves and boobs, and of course killer heels.

"Hi Guys, glad you could all make it tonight."

"Wouldn't miss it for the world when Mike said you wanted to see us all before graduation," from Chris, "but why?"

"Well, you remember that night when I had to give you all a blowjob?"

This caused a shuffling of feet and embarrassed mutterings from most of the guys.

"Yes, but I thought you had said everything as ok and it was all forgotten and forgiven," Paul said.

"Forgotten, but not forgiven," was my reply. "Well I've had an idea that I want to create the night again, not the blow job, no way, but the cards, I think I deserve a chance to get you guys naked. Are you up for it, simple strip poker, my rules, and I deal."

"What's the rules," came from Mike.

"Simple, 5 card draw, worst hand has to take off one piece of clothing, we go on until you are all naked."

"What about you?" typically came from Steve.

"Oh I'm playing as well, I lose I strip, and this time I won't back out. Now, are you in. Or are you chicken?" I taunted them, daring them to back out.

"Yes," from all four.

"Right, as last time when the first person gets to a critical point I am going to give you all a chance to back out and we finish. I'm not included in that." I wanted the guys fully committed and expectant, I could sense the excitement emanating from them already at the chance they were going to see me naked again, and an older sexier me.

We settled down around a table and got a few drinks in, I was acting as hostess getting each guy a beer and bending over them as I placed it on the table, letting them get a smell of my perfume and if they were lucky a sly glance down my blouse. I was in full tease mode.

I lost the first hand, so stood up and pulled my belt off saying, "Does my belt count guys?"

"Oh yes," from Steve.

All the guys lost an item next so we had all lost one item of clothing, then I lost the next two hands. Shit, this wasn't going the way I hoped, so in short time I had lost my skirt and blouse, this seemed strange to them that I hadn't taken off my shoes until I said, "Sorry guys forgot to tell you my shoes don't count.

This brought a smile to their faces as they now knew I hadn't much clothing left to lose. Then my luck changed, or should I say the cards I had stacked were now in play and in quick order each of the guys was down to their undies only. I was having fun, watching them squirm and wondering how I could have such a run of luck.

I lost the next hand so it was time for the slip to come off, standing up slowly I stood in front of them reached down and grasped the hem slowly drawing it up my legs until with a cry I stopped and whispered, "Sorry guys, I can't do it, I'm still too shy, can we please stop." They look on their faces was brilliant, they couldn't believe that I had set this thing up and then was backing out at the same point as before.

Bursting out laughing I ripped the slip over my head and stood before them, in bra, panties hold-ups and killer heels. "Sorry guys, only teasing you."

The stunned look on their faces at the sight of me, boobs pushed high but still bouncing, long legs in hold-ups and killer heels and pert tight arse, was even better than just before. I knew I had control of them now. I lost the next two hands as well so off came the hold ups, but each time I took one off I took my time doing it rolling the stocking down my silky leg, leg placed high on the table letting the guys get a good look.

"Now guys, critical point, next time anyone of us loses we all get to see something, anyone wants to stop now?"

Shakes of heads all round, they were never going to stop now.

"Time for a quick break, who wants a beer?" They all did so I did my little hostess routine as before but this time getting really close to each of them, brushing up against them. A boob brushing here, my thighs there, teasing each one of them. You could feel the tension and excitement in the room, and it was growing all the time. I had to time things right.

I didn't lose in the next four hands and so, one by one the guys all lost their final piece of clothing, so there I was half naked with four fully naked and obviously excited guys in-front of me.

"What happens next?" from Mike.

"We can play on if you want' I've still got some things to go, but I have a change in mind and don't forget my rules apply."

Mike had a quick word with the guys and then stunned me by saying, "Jenny we want to play on, but you said you wanted to create the same thing as last time, if you're serious about going all the way, we want you to take that slip off last."

That idea was not in my planning but actually might work out better.

"OK Guys, I'm cool with that," as I put the slip back on an extra piece of clothing for me now wouldn't make any difference to what they would see, just when.

"Now guys as there is only me left with clothes on, I'm going to deal you each a card, the highest card gets to choose what item of clothing I take off, then the next highest. OK with that."

Nods of agreement all around.

"Unless you want to go the forfeit route?"

Definite shakes of the head for that.

Cards dealt, Chris wins, then Paul, then Steve, and last Mike, I had got them sitting in easy chairs and on a sofa by now so slowly wandered over to Chris bent over him and asked, "What do you want me to take off?"

"Panties, please."

"OK, but I've got an idea why don't you take them off for me," then I bent over him and whispered, "I'm not bothered where your hands go, just don't take too long and don't let the other guys know what you're doing."

Smiling sweetly as I stood in front of him, he slid his hands up my thighs under my slip and onto the sides of my panties pulling them down slightly, then getting bold a finger slid against my pussy and then pushed inside me, Chris could feel the warmth and wetness of my pussy as he played with it for a few seconds before pulling my panties down. As I stepped out of them I made sure he got a good look up under my slip to see my pussy.

I rubbed them in his face and then put them on top of his head saying, "Don't get too fond of them I want them back when we're finished."

Next was Paul and he had no choice really so it was the bra for him, again I told him he could touch what he wanted so he got a good feel of my boobs, squeezing and kneading them until I said, "The clasp is at the front moron."

Next minute my bra is off and around Andy's neck. Mike and Steve didn't know what was going on as both times I had been facing away from them and Chris and Andy had been sitting on chairs that were a bit further from the sofa.

Steve was obviously extremely excited now, so time for more torture, "Sorry Steve, need a drink, will you bring me one?" Delaying his pleasure. He scampered off like a little puppy eager to please.

I took a long pull from my beer, then bent over to place the bottle on the ground ensuring Steve got a good view down my slip to see my perky boobs swaying freely.

Then in a little girl whisper, I taunted Steve saying, "Steve, do you want to help me off with this slip." As I stood before him hips almost in his face. A gulp and a nod, then trembling hands reached out took hold of the hem of my slip and for the second time that night it was pulled over my head and off, but this time I was naked for all to see.

Steve sat back in awe going "Oh God, Oh God you're even more beautiful than I remember."

The guys were nodding in agreement when I teased Steve even more by saying, "Not been using me as a wanking image have you?" From the blush on his cheeks, it was obvious that he had, even better, more to torment him with, make him wait.

"Time for another beer guys, then two more sets of cards, again my rules and there is no backing out now, we play this game to the end, and that's when I say it's finished." I was so confident in front of them and so proud of my body and unconcerned that I was naked before four pairs of appreciative and lusting eyes and four rigid twitching cocks.

The cards were dealt and this time Steve won, then Paul, Chris and last poor Mike.

I got Steve in a chair on his own and kept the other guys away from him by the drinks table then I walked into the middle of the floor and said, "Guys, last time I think you said I had to stand in front of you so you could look at me for fifteen seconds each, a total of one minute. Well, we've all grown up a bit since then so you can each have a full minute, one at a time. You can ask me to take up any pose, do anything you want me to do, but NO TOUCHING ME." With that I sashayed slowly to stand right in front of Steve my pussy almost in his face, I was so close to him I could feel his breath on me and I'm sure he could smell me.

"What do you want Steve, what do you want?

"Just stand there please, that's all." The idiot didn't have a clue I was offering him a chance to get me to touch myself right in front of him. So like a good little girl I stood in front of Steve for the full minute, swaying slightly back and forth, getting really close to him, almost pushing my groin into his face. "OK, times up, that's your chance Steve, could have been so much better for you."

Paul got in the chair and again I strutted up to him so he could get a good look at me as I got closer to him, "Please turn around for me, just keep turning around I want to look at all of you." Again another looser, did these two have no idea what I was offering them. I did as asked but when I faced him again I leant over and said, "Is there anything you want me to do, open my pussy for you," doing so ever so slightly as I said it. "Yes, oh yes." So I did, just spreading my pussy lips right in-front of him giving him a good look deep into my core, but not letting Chris or Mike know fully what was going on.

Chris seemed to have got the idea better when it was his turn, and asked me to face away from him, spread my legs bend over and then told me to spread my pussy lips wide, I willingly obeyed his instructions and stood there tits hanging down, pussy wide open inches from his face, I was that close to him I could feel him blowing on me, but not touching, keeping to the rules. The gasp from Steve and Paul when they realised what they had missed out on was like magic to me. I was teasing and tormenting, but also willing to follow through if they knew what to ask for.

At long last, it was poor suffering Mike's turn and he got me to squat in front of him, legs open, again exposing my inner core, but then asked me to play with my clit. No way was I doing that but I rubbed a couple of fingers up and down my pussy for a while.

Time for another drink, just to prolong the guys' agony, as they knew something big was going to happen they just weren't sure what and how soon.

"Right, one last deal of the cards and again highest card wins and gets the first choice." I hadn't told them yet what the choices were, but Chris won, then Mike, then Paul and last again Steve.

Standing directly in front of them, I said, "Chris, you've first choice where do you want to fuck me, pussy, arse or mouth?" The silence was deafening from them. Then a softly muttered, almost whispered.

"Pussy."

"Mike, you next and you can't choose pussy, I'm not doubling up, this is a one off all at once time, so mouth or arse?"

"Mouth." I knew he'd choose that as it let Paul have a go at my arse.

"Paul, you happy fucking me in the arse then, have you done that before?" I asked all coyly.

"Err... yes and yes once."

"Bet it wasn't as tight and sweet as mine is."

There was a self-conscious mumble and shuffling from Steve, who had missed out again, I wonder why!!!

"Oh, sorry Steve forgot about you, looks like you've missed out, tell you what, if you wait till the guys have finished fucking me, I'll give you a nice slow hand-job, and you can splash it all on my tits if you want."

Steve looked crestfallen but wasn't going to leave now.

"Right guys, this is a one off, no switching or changing and all together, cum when and where you want."

The guys eagerly got into the positions I wanted of them, Chris lying on his back as I straddled him, getting his cock nice and deep into my already sopping pussy, I got us both nice and settled, letting Chris have a few thrusts into me to get ready, then got Paul nice and close behind me and let him slide his cock into my open arse. It went in without any problems as I'd prepared well before I left home and was well lubed up. Mike had no problem getting his cock where it's been well received over the last couple of years.

Then the fun really began, the moment I had been planning for ages, I was getting triple teamed by the guys and Steve just had to watch and wonder on what he was missing out on.

Paul and Chris soon found a matching rhythm, one pushing deep into me as the other pulled out, constantly leaving my arse and pussy alternatively filled or empty and begging for filling. Then I got them to stop and match their efforts so that both of them were pounding in or pulling out at the same time, I loved the feeling of being filled and stretched to capacity when they did this, I could feel their cocks almost coming together inside me separated by a very thin membrane of skin. This was the hard sex I wanted. I was taking my time giving Mike a long slow blow job, but then he pushed it deep down my throat holding it there until I gagged, a slight easing of depth and then back down my throat holding even longer, he had never done this before. Wow.

If my mouth had been empty I would have been moaning and groaning more, probably screaming out in ecstasy, but Mikes cock was buried deep in my throat, stopping any real sound coming out.

I could tell Chris was getting near as his thrusting up into me was getting more frantic with less depth, so I concentrated on him, clenching my pussy tight on him, either when he pulled out, or pushed in, squeezing him tight. A shudder and tightening in Chris and he came, loads of hot cum, shooting into me and coating my pussy and Chris' cock.
