 Whilst this is a continuation of the Jenny's Journey series and can be read as a standalone story as all characters relationships are explained it is best understood if you read the preceding 4 chapters or parts. It is set ten years after Jenny, Charlie, Kerry and Mike graduate. Three new faces are introduced to spice things up and give more options for fun.

*

It's been a few years since the gang of Charlotte or Charlie, Kerry, Mike and I had graduated but we had all kept in touch. I had recently sold my electronics business in a multi-million-pound deal, plus retainers of two and a half million for two years, and one and half million for the 10 years after that. One hell of a deal all thanks to my gorgeous husband Andy.

Charlie, and her husband Lee, were doing ok too, Charlie had recently gone back into academia, now lecturing at our old Alma Mata after blitzing her Masters then PhD in maths, neither of them were short of cash, Charlie has had a small part share in my company, so sharing in the profits of the sale.

Kerry was again single, having just come out of another short-lived but intense relationship, she also had her own company, that had worked with and helped me at times, so she had shared in the profits of the sale as well.

Charlie, Kerry, and I were skyping and trying to set up a get together for a long weekend at my new house on the south coast and we had decided that it would be a "hot" get together, the two couples were fine with this as we had hooked up a couple of times in the past and the guys were happy with Kerry joining in with Charlie and me. We'd just sorted out the details when Mike joined the conversation, so we filled him in on what we had planned.

Mike said, "I need to talk to Mia, as you know we've been married two years now, but she is pretty innocent and I wouldn't want to expose her to you girls when you get going, but she has been talking about trying new things and she knows all about what went on at Uni."

"Look, Mike, she has to be fully willing or it's not on, we can get together another time without the fun times we have planned. You know how hot things can get we are all together, both Andy and Lee are cool with anything that will happen, but we don't want to spoil things between you and Mia," I said, Charlie and Kerry, agreeing with me.

An hour later Mike returned to the conversation and said, "OK we're in."

"Is Mia fully committed to this?" I asked. "We need to be sure.".

"Yes, well maybe, she wants to but isn't sure, but she really wants to give it a try," said Mike.

"OK, here's the deal," I said, "You and Mia come down on the Friday around noon, she can meet everyone, see how she feels with the vibe if she's not happy you can leave. The first fun session won't start until about five."

"You've got this all planned out haven't you," said Mike,

"Yes," chorused all three girls, laughter in our voices. From past experience, Mike knew what that meant.

Mike dropped out of the group and then Kerry totally shocked us by saying.

"I know I'm lesbian and never going to change but I want to try something, I want to know why you girls, go on about cock all the time. I'm gonna fuck at least one man this weekend, I'm gonna have Mike if they stay."

Charlie and I looked at each other and went "Wow. God help Mike," then, "God help out husbands even more. You'll ruin them for us."

"How many men have ruined you two for me?" retorted Kerry.

"Are you sure? If so great but I think we may need to warn our husbands about you being on the prowl for cock," I laughingly replied to Kerry.

"Only the same as you," she came back. "Look I'm early thirties now, I'm not into men, but I just want to know what you girls find so interesting in sex with men, and this group is tight so there'll be no pressure and things will be cool."

"Well Mike's a good choice, he's the best man yet who's eaten my pussy and that includes Andy," I replied. "Do what you want girl."

"Now that's a secret out of the bag, anyway I thought I was the best at eating your pussy?" from Kerry.

"You're not listening, Kerry. I said best man that has eaten my pussy," I replied.

"What about me?" Charlie now sulked.

"Anyway, I don't want my pussy licking, I've got you two to do that I want to try a cock in it for size," laughed Kerry.

We girls are so close this is the sort of thing we laugh and joke about with no embarrassment.

"Does anybody know anything about Mia?" Charlie asked.

"Not really, just they've been married for two years and were together for a year or so before that and that they met when Mike was working abroad."

"She looks gorgeous on the wedding photos I've seen," I said.

.....

Mike and Mia were the last to arrive, the rest of us were by the pool on the terrace drinking champagne and relaxing. When they got out of Mikes car, we all saw Mia in person for the first time, as none of us for various reasons had been able to make the wedding.

"OMG," went Kerry, "she is gorgeous, so small and elfin-like."

"Kerry, leave her alone, you want Mike this weekend, any way you know the arrangement, Mike and Mia sus out the situation first and if they're not happy then they leave."

But everyone agreed Mia was a beauty, totally different to us other three girls.

Andy said, "What's this about Kerry and Mike?" We hadn't told the guys about Kerry's plans to fuck a man this weekend, but she did now.

Kerry burst out laughing at their amazement and said to them, "Don't wear yourselves out on these little tarts that you're married to, I want some of you both this weekend."

"Oh fuck!" from Charlie.

"Anybody know where I can get an industrial strength batch of Viagra," laughed Andy.

The afternoon was spent chilling out by the pool and drinking, but after a while Andy, me and Charlie got everyone inside and into the home cinema.

I managed to get Mia seated next to me as I wanted to talk to her about how she felt and if she wanted to leave.

"Mia, how are you feeling, ok with everyone?" I asked her.

"Yes, I can't believe how friendly you all are with each other and all of you have made me feel so relaxed. But you joke about sex between you so openly, I've never experienced anything like that before."

"Well, we three girls and Mike were all at Uni together and we were tight as a group. You do know about me and Mike?"

"A bit, I know that you had sex at times."

"Mia, we had more than sex. Let me explain. I gave Mike my virginity in more ways than one, and then he, I and Charlie had a three-way, and later Mike and I had a threesome with another guy. Also, all three girls had sex together, either in pairs or as a three. Since then Charlie, Lee, Andy and I have been together a couple of times, and of course, all three girls have got together at times. Don't get me wrong we don't fuck anybody, we are tight as this little group, but I know they all would love you to join us. But Mia please understand there is no pressure on you, you don't have to join in anything you're not happy with, you can say no at any time."

"Oh, I didn't realise it had been like that, you and Mike, but also so open."

"Look, Mia, let me put one thing straight from the off, Mike and I were never boy and girlfriends, we were "friends with benefits", lots of benefits and it suited both of us. There is a reason for that, that I'm not prepared to tell you about just yet, Mike can if he wants. Andy knows about my past with Mike and is cool with it, it happened before we met anyway, so there's no jealousy involved.

"Now, are you still ok with things, do you want to back out now, you know the situation, no pressure and no hard feelings?"

"NO. No, I want to go on and do more and join in, but I'm not sure what to do, especially with another woman?"

"Oh that's easy, just do what comes naturally."

"What's it like?"

"I assume Mike goes down on you? Well, it's like that only better, much, much better. Girls take their time with each other. Mikes great at licking pussy, in-fact I told the girls he's the best man I've ever had eat mine."

"Wow, you don't hold back do you."

"You asked, and you need to know. Now if you want to try a girl, Charlie is great, she was my first, she actually seduced me when I was vulnerable and then Kerry joined in, so my first girl on girl experience was actually a threesome. I'd leave Kerry until you've had a bit more experience as she will drive you crazy. I know you'll love her when you do, but beware she is intense, she will drive you mad. Anyway, I'll let you into a secret, Kerry wants to try a man and she's chosen Mike to pop her cherry. Just think you lovely husband will have popped the cherry of two of the girls here by the end of the weekend "

"Three. He took mine on our wedding night."

"Wow, that is so nice, so you're pretty innocent, not many lovers then."

"Only Mike, but does he know about Kerry and does he have a say in it?"

"Not where Kerry's concerned, but knowing her she will have fucked all three guys by the end of the weekend. Now you still ok with all this. I think it's make your mind up time."

"Yes, definitely, I told Mike I wanted to come and I do," then hesitantly and in barely a whisper she continued, "but one thing, Jenny, will you be my first girl please?"

"Yes, oh yes, If you want me to be," I replied, "are you ready?"

With that I stood up, gently took Mia by the hand and as I slowly led her into the middle of the room all conversation stopped. My husband Andy pressed a button on the remote and all the lights in the room went out, soft, gentle but sexy music filled the air and then a bright spotlight lit up Mia and me.

I could feel her trembling, so gently brought my hand to her face and began slowly caressing it, nothing more. She didn't seem to mind so I cupped her delicate chin and looking deeply into her eyes lowered my face to hers and gave her the briefest and softest of kisses. She stiffened for a moment and I thought she was going to freak out, so I looked at her a said, "It's ok we'll take our time."

"But everyone can see us, we're in a spotlight."

"So, nobody here has any secrets, any way you will find out more about the spotlight later. You came here for new experiences so this will be two at one time. Now Mia, please let me kiss you again."

Mia visibly relaxed and I kissed her again, this time more forcibly and she began to kiss me back. I began to gently rub her back and shoulders as her kisses intensified, my right hand dropped to her left breast just cupping it and as she gasped at the contact I pushed my tongue into her mouth. She went wild kissing me with a force I didn't expect, her tongue fighting with mine as our lips clashed almost bouncing off each other and then locked together.

I caressed her tiny breasts and ran my hands down her petite little body, grabbing her tight ass. I was beginning to get over excited, I know I'd said we'd take our time, but I wanted this girl naked so I could both see what Mike was enjoying every night but also to enjoy it myself, I wanted her girl on girl virginity and now. But as excited as I was I was aware I didn't want to frighten Mia off, I had to take my time and seduce her, be gentle and lead her in this new experience.

I raised my hands to the ties at the top of her sundress, undid them and let it fall away, I immediately dropped to my knees and pulled her panties down and off before she could object. I stepped away and she was stood there in front of all of us, naked. I quickly dropped my shorts and removed my shirt so I was as naked as Mia, but nobody noticed me. Mia was that beautiful!

She was so beautiful a gasp came out from everyone I turned her around, posing her so all could see her from every angle. Initial Mia was shy, but gradually became more relaxed and even started to pose a little.

As I have said she was tiny, no more than five feet two inches, with an elfin face with hazel coloured, almond shaped, doe eyes, A figure so tiny it was unreal but she was perfectly proportioned, I had trouble deciding where to look, her tiny breasts which hardly rated an "A" cup with erect nipples trying to push up proudly in slight embarrassment at the situation or her perfect tight little heart-shaped ass. Not to mention her very pretty and enchanting face.

I approached her again and bent down to run my lips over her nipples, when she grabbed my head and pushed me deeply onto her left breast, begging me to suck it hard. At the same time I slid my hand down her body, lightly brushing over her soft skin on my way down, cupped my hand and pushed my fingers deep into her slit, she was sopping. I stayed that way for a while sucking her breasts and fingering her clit when I felt her beginning to shudder. I backed off I didn't want her to cum so fast.

I lay down on the floor pulling her with me and began kissing her again, becoming more aware that we were putting on more than a show for the rest of the group. Andy and I had planned something like this but not how or who. I knew that the rest of the group were getting excited especially Kerry, so I decided to now go to town on Mia.

I slid down her body flipped her so that everyone could see what I was doing lifted her legs high in the air to expose her pussy and began licking. I started slowly at the outers of her lips but increased my pace quickly as her moans began to come louder. I hit her clit and sucked it into my mouth, that was it she came like nothing I've ever seen before.

I held her tight for a few seconds, kissed her so that she could taste her own juices on my lips and whispered in her ear so that only she could hear what I said, "OK: told you it was better girl on girl?"

"Yes," she managed to reply.

"That's one half of female loving do you want to try the other half?"

"What?" she answered.

"Well you've received, do you feel like giving?" I said.

"I don't know, I want to but!" Mia whispered.

"I told you I'd be gentle and you asked me to be your first girl," I said.

"I didn't expect it to be so soon into the weekend and in front of everyone," she said.

"It's ok, nobody is embarrassed, totally the opposite, and Mike will be going mad with frustration and lust. I hope Kerry knows what's going to hit her soon, anyway, start by kissing me again, run your hands where they want, and go with your instincts, then when you're ready, use your lips all over me, come on you can do it, Mike will be loving watching you with me." I said.

Tentatively Mia kissed me and soon her hands were flying over my 36C boobs and then down to my mound, before hesitantly opening my folds with her fingers, slowly pushing two in. It was heaven, she soon began to get bolder but occasionally I had to correct her technique. I broke off from a kiss, took hold of her wrist and pulled her hand up to her face telling her to lick her fingers.

"Why? Oh, I see," she said as she licked my juices from her fingers and got her first taste of female love juices.

"That's quite nice," she said.

"Want to try it in situ?" I asked her smiling.

"Oh yes," she replied and with that plunged straight between my legs and dug her hot little tongue into my dripping slit. Her technique was terrible but I was so horny I came within seconds, I looked over at Mike and he was in a state of shock. I pulled Mia's head into my groin, pushing my pussy hard into her lips and tongue and let out a scream that would have drowned out a jumbo jet and came hard.

As I helped Mia up the lights came back on, and we looked at the rest of the group, who all looked stunned.

"That was amazing," said Mia's husband Mike.

"Why didn't you do that like that with me back in Uni?" Kerry asked me.

"Because you knew what you were doing, and anyway it was you and Charlie who taught me what to do with a girl," I replied.

Andy stood up and addressed everyone, "Well I don't think anybody expected that little show so early on in the weekend. Jenny and I would like to let you know what we have planned for the rest of the time. The caterers will be here at seven to set up the buffet by the pool and we eat at eight until then hook up and hang out with who you want."

"All security cameras are off inside the house, but are on outside, so girls no topless or naked bathing as I don't want you to give the guys monitoring the live feeds a free show. Everyone is free to do what they want over the weekend, but twice a day if you are on the property we all meet here and a live show gets put on. Anyone can put up an idea as to what they want to do and with whom, Jenny and I will choose the lucky winner. There are plenty of rooms to use so don't use your bedrooms apart from sleeping or with your own partners. If a door is shut then no entry if it's open the people involved are open to additions.

Everyone seemed happy with the situation so I said, "Okay let's get together there's over an hour before the caterers arrive."

Kerry said, "Who gets to choose who does what now?

"Just go with it," I replied.

"OK, Mike, come here and be prepared to have your boat rocked, you're going to pop the cherry of one hot and horny lesbian, are you ready?"

Mike looked shocked as we all burst out laughing as Kerry grabbed him and planted the biggest, wettest sloppy kiss on his lips, and grabbing his groin all in one movement. Mike had been about the only man Kerry had allowed close to her at Uni, he had been one of our group, but she had eased her attitude to men, in general, a bit now.

I said to Mia, "Mia take some time to come down from what's happened, you could watch Mike and Kerry for a while, but I would suggest you don't join them just yet. We four are going to get together as couples, then as a four, come and join us if and when you want. If not just enjoy the house and grounds, help yourself to food and drink."

Mia gasped and just stood and nodded her head, she couldn't take her eyes off Kerry attacking Mike and his obviously happy response, as by this time they were both naked with Kerry sucking Mikes cock and Mike had his head buried deep in her pussy. Charlie went up to her and said.

"Don't worry those to are just horny as hell and why shouldn't they be Mike's just watched his wife and former lover have one hell of a hot encounter, any man gets turned on by seeing his wife with another girl, and Kerry's just jealous of both you and Jenny as she wants you both, but don't forget we told you she wanted Mike as her first man."

"Mia to be fair they should have got together years ago, I think Mike is the only man Kerry even let get close to her then. They didn't know it but they had the hots for each other then," I said, Charlie, nodding in agreement.

With that the four of us left Mia who had moved over to watch Mike and Kerry up close and gone into one of the other rooms, leaving the door open.

I said, "There's three people in this room that are so overdressed." I was naked from my session with Mia and they were all still fully dressed, that didn't last long and when we were all sans clothes Lee said, "Who's with who?"

Andy said, "I'd like the girls to get together first."

I looked at him and said, "Haven't you had enough of watching girls getting it on?"

"Not when one of them is you," he replied.

Charlie and I got together on the bed kissing and feeling each other's tits and pussy's, until after a couple of minutes I felt another pair of hands on my boobs, teasing my nipples just the way I like, when I looked around it was Lee, while Andy had his cock rubbing Charlie's pussy. I got hold of Lee and said, "Lets fuck," as I pulled away and got his six-inch cock into my pussy. I was riding him reverse cowgirl I know he likes this as it gives him a different feel and I can direct the action more.

His beautiful cock was pushing in and out of my wet pussy which was clamping down on his dick for all it was worth, I was hot and horny and ready to cum. Suddenly I felt a tongue attacking my clit when I opened my eyes and looked down it was Mia. As much as I didn't want to I stopped her and told her to get with Charlie and Andy. She'd already had me.
