 "What do you want to try tonight?" Ben asked, pawing through the box of toys and accessories.

I wanted to be blindfolded (I almost always wanted to be blindfolded), but I wasn't in the mood for anything specific otherwise. I shrugged. "A blindfold, for sure, but otherwise...surprise me," I said.

His broad smile meant that he had been hoping I would say exactly that.

He pulled a satin blindfold from the box and placed it over my eyes. In an instant, my pulse grew strong in my ears, my breath quickened, and I felt the first tug in my pussy. I wondered what he had planned this time.

I started to indulge a little in fantasy. Ever since our threesome with Adam, I had craved the feel of his cock inside me again. I wasn't in love with him the way I was with Ben, but I missed him dearly. My pussy missed him, too. While I waited for Ben to gather whatever he needed tonight, I breathed deeply and imagined I could smell Adam's cologne, hear his voice. I knew it was unlikely we'd ever be together again. He had moved to Michigan not two weeks after he first opened my horizons (and my asshole) to incredible possibilities.

I heard Ben moving about. Then he was beside me.

"Get up on the bed and get on your knees," he said, in a gentle but firm voice.

I felt for the bed in front of me and climbed up. Once I was on my knees, he climbed up behind me and put a hand between my shoulder blades, forcing me to bend forward until my cheek was pressed into the bedspread. He patted my ass and said "Good girl," then reached around to unfasten my jeans and pulled them down. I extended one leg and then the other so he could shimmy them off. He gave my underwear the same treatment. He was wasting no time!

"In a hurry?" I asked, teasing.

"Are you teasing me? I might have to punish you for that."

The words produced a sudden spurt of wetness between my legs. My cunt was hot.

My shirt was pulled roughly over my head and off my arms, followed by my bra. "Put your arms out in front of you." He snapped restraints around my wrists and secured them to the headboard. He left my legs free, my knees folded under me, my butt sticking out.

"Hold that position," he said, "no matter what happens, unless you are told otherwise." He traced a finger from the nape of my neck, along the curve of my spine, and down just far enough, then stopped. The muscles in my back rippled and I shivered. "First, you owe me an apology." 

"I'm sorry," I said meekly.

"For what?"

"For teasing you."

"And what should I do about it?"

"You should punish me," I said. I enjoyed this game and dove deep into my role.

"Yes, and I have something new for you. Let's see how you like it." I sensed him standing behind me. Without warning, the sting of a flogger connected with my exposed ass. I yelped, but as the initial sting faded, I felt a tightening deep inside me. Every bit of skin was extra sensitive. 

"Ooooh," I breathed.

A second sting, on the other ass cheek. I jumped, then moaned.

"You like it?" he said. "How many, do you think, is a proper punishment? 20?"

"Mmm," I moaned. I tensed, awaiting the next strike.

"Or more?" 

Number three landed on my right hip, and number four followed quickly on the left. I fought the urge to straighten my legs, somehow try to protect myself from the next blow. It was exhilarating.

Number five hit me square in the middle of my ass. Part of me wondered how I'd make it to 10, let alone 20; part of me wanted to see how much I could take.

There was a pause, then number six landed between my shoulder blades. Seven and eight in quick succession, one on each ass cheek again. I moaned. "Stop," I whispered. "Please."

But nine and ten struck. A scream escaped my lips. 

"Had enough?" Ben said. His voice was harsh, gravelly. 

"Yes. Enough. I can't." My ass was on fire. I didn't think I could stand another hit.

"That's not what I wanted to hear," Ben said. 

11. 12. I screamed. Why hadn't he stopped? It hurt so bad, and yet I was so turned on. Maybe just one more.

13 and 14, one on each hip again. A strangled sound came from deep in my throat. He waited a moment, then three more. How many was that? I'd lost count. 

Another three, two thighs and my lower back, and he stopped. "That's 20," he said. My ass rose into the air and I forced myself to hold my position. Oh, God, no more. Please. "Had enough yet?" Ben asked. 

I understood what he wanted me to say, this time. "No. I deserve more," I said. 

"Ask for one more," he said.

"Please, I need another," I said. But inside I was screaming no.

"No, I think that's sufficient punishment. For now."

I breathed a quiet sigh of relief. I knew if I had said no more firmly, he would have stopped. I was playing along, pushing my limits, trying new things. 

I felt him climb up on the bed behind me. A finger tickled my exposed pussy, teasing. He kissed my reddened ass cheeks, then worked his hands upward along my body until he reached my shoulders. He slipped his hands under me to cup my breasts. The rough denim of his jeans pressed into my backside. He pinched my nipples and kissed my neck. The juxtaposition of pain and tenderness nearly made me cum. A low moan started in my throat. My lips parted. And a cock was shoved between them.

I was so startled, I tried to jump straight into the air. Ben's weight against me and my securely held wrists stopped me short. Ben leaned in close to my ear and whispered, "Open your mouth." I did, and the mystery cock returned. I licked it hesitantly.

"I know you can do better than that," a voice said. Adam! My reluctance vanished. He stroked my hair with a familiar affection, and I took his hard cock deeper into my mouth. 

Ben shifted behind me. I heard his pants unzip, the jingle of his belt as he undressed. Then two fingers entered me from behind, stoking the fires in my cunt. His thumb found my clit, his fingers stroked in and out. My work on Adam's cock became more intense. I was so excited he was here, and so thrilled at how skillfully Ben had set up the surprise.

Adam pulled away after a few minutes. "We have a long night. Let go slowly." 

A hand touched my cheek and prompted me to turn my head the other way. The hand guided my mouth to Ben's waiting cock. Ben held my head with both hands, thrusting into my mouth with unrestrained passion. 

Another set of hands slid beneath me to cup my breasts again. Adam rolled my nipples between his fingers.

With my attention focused on the two men near my head, the last thing I expected was to feel two fingers slide into my pussy. A quick count in my clouded brain confirmed that, yes, this must be a fifth hand!

I jerked, forcing Ben's cock out of my mouth, and shouted, "What the FUCK?!" The fingers moved in and out. I moaned in spite of myself.

I tried to crawl forward, away from the strange touch, but Adam's grip on my breasts held me fast. I tried to straighten my legs, but a hand spanked me hard. Ben's voice, still near my head, "You were told to hold that position," he said.

"What the FUCK, Ben?!" I said again. My ass stung from the slap. This pain wasn't fading as quickly as the pain from the flogging had.

Adam let go of my nipples. The fingers in my pussy vanished. I struggled against the restraints, wanting to remove the blindfold and try to figure out what the hell was going on.

No one spoke for a very long few seconds. Finally, Adam said, very gently, very quietly, "I thought you said she'd like it. I thought you said you'd discussed it with her." He sounded resentful, almost betrayed. I continued to struggle, but my bonds were not loosened. I was afraid to move my legs, afraid of another slap. I wasn't quite sure what was happening.

"I - " Ben seemed at a loss for words. I wished I could see his face. "Jenny, I -"

My pussy was throbbing with desire. My nipples burned from Adam's pinching. My ass was still on fire. Whoever had spanked me had spanked me HARD. "Who is that?" I asked. "How many people are here?" It was exciting, I had to admit - to myself, if not to Ben. I hadn't thought he'd be able to create a new mystery. I should have known he'd come up with something.

Something must have changed in my posture or my tone, because Ben chose to answer the second question but not the first. "There are three of us," he said. "Me and Adam, and a new person. I'm sorry if I upset you. I thought you'd enjoy another surprise."

The initial shock had faded. I ached for someone to touch me. I was so exposed, so hot, so helpless. My anger slipped away. "What will you do to me?" I asked.

"Do you want to wait and find out, or shall I spoil the surprise?" he said, his voice playful. 

The two fingers returned, stroking slowly, in and out. I shivered. Who was this?

"Would you like to turn over?" That was Adam, apparently willing to fall back into the game.

"Only if you want me to," I said. That was the right answer, because the wrist cuffs were removed and two sets of hands helped me flip onto my back. Hands spread my legs and secured them with ankle cuffs. Hands held my arms above my head and closed the cuffs around my wrists again. My breath quickened.

A mouth on each of my nipples, the two mystery fingers in my pussy, moving slowly and steadily. Then a tongue on my clit, just a touch. I cried out as I came, my hips rising off the bed. Three mouths were too much. So much, all at once. I panted. My heart raced.

The fingers were gone from my pussy. The mouths were gone. I lay in darkness, breathing raggedly. What would happen next? Were they looking at me? Staring at my breasts? My pussy? The thrill of the unknown, the exposure, being at the mercy of their whims was almost more than I could bear.

Then fingers pinched my right nipple, tugged. Something else, something cold and hard settled against the base of my nipple. The pinching fingers were removed, but whatever had been placed there remained. I moaned. Then my left nipple. Twin surges coursed through me from my nipples to my clit. A steady pressure, clamping down, just on the edge of pain. Nipple clamps! I had expressed interest in them, but we hadn't tried them yet.

They weren't finished.

The lips of my pussy were spread apart and a tongue entered me. The tongue flicked inside me, then moved up to my clit, licking with steady strokes to draw it out. I wriggled against my restraints. "I'm gonna cum again," I cried.

The licking stopped and my clit was pinched almost painfully. Something closed on it as well, just like the clamps on my nipples. I opened my mouth in a silent scream, the ecstasy overwhelming. 

Three tongues flicked, nipples and clit. I writhed under their attention as wave after wave of orgasm crashed over me.

Someone's hand stroked my cheek, and I turned toward it instinctively. A cock was pressed between my lips and I sucked. It was only fair, I thought, after what they'd given me, to give each of them the best blowjob I could. I was fairly certain this was Adam's cock. 

I circled my tongue around the head, then down the shaft as he pushed in farther. He entwined his fingers in my hair to hold my head in place, then mouth-fucked me fast and hard. I did my best to keep up with his strokes, catching my breath when he pulled out, sucking him back in. The clamps on my nipples and clit made me throb in time with his fucking. A spurt of cum struck the back of my throat and I swallowed instinctively.

"Oh, fuck, I'm cumming," Adam cried. "Fuuuuuuck!" His cum filled my mouth, his hands tangled tightly in my hair. I had to swallow or choke. His cock finally slid out of my mouth, softened, but not limp. "Sorry," he said. "I couldn't hold it any longer." He laughed. "Maybe you can help me harden back up." He stroked my hair.

Ben took Adam's place and pushed his cock into my mouth. I gave him the same treatment I'd given Adam, pleased with myself for making Adam cum, determined to do the same to Ben. He groaned. "Enough," he whispered. "I want your cunt." He gently removed the clit and nipple clamps and bent to suck on one nipple, then the other. I was disappointed to lose the sensation, but I wouldn't be disappointed for long.

He climbed up between my legs and brushed his cock against my clit. He didn't enter me. Someone else was straddling my arms. "Open your mouth," Ben said.

One more to please, the mystery third person. I opened, but what entered my mouth was most definitely not a penis. I closed my lips around soft skin, probed with my tongue. A breast?! The stranger was a woman! She spoke, for the first time, I realized. "Well? Don't I get a little action, too? If you need some encouragement, I can always spank you again."

I had never been with a woman. I had never really wanted to try it. The thought of eating pussy did not excite me. But this woman had played me so well. She was much more dominating, much harsher, than Ben or Adam. She scared me a little.

"If you want my cock," Ben said, "You must suck her tits."

I sucked. She moaned. Ben thrust into me in one swift stroke, encouraging me to give the woman some attention. It wasn't so bad, I thought. I teased her nipple with my tongue, sucked hard. "Lovely girl," she said. "Maybe you won't need a spanking after all. But perhaps you'd like another touch of the flogger?"

That had been her, too?! My thoughts were spinning. Ben fucked me hard. I sucked one strange tit, then the other, drawing forth more moans. At least I was doing a good job. She backed away as I came around Ben's cock. 

Her weight shifted until she was kneeling beside my head. Her nipple brushed my lips again, and I opened obediently. "Adam," she said, "Come fuck me." Adam must have gotten hard again, because soon I heard the unmistakable sound of him fucking the woman from behind as I sucked her breast. The simultaneous fucking made me squirm against my bonds, jealous that Adam's cock was in her and not me, but at the same time fulfilled by Ben's deep inside me. She moaned under the attention. Her cries intensified, the slapping sound of Adam's pelvis against her ass grew faster. Her body trembled as she came. She breathed heavily for a moment, then shifted her weight again.

I sensed her squatting above me. Oh, I thought. 

Ben pulled out. I marveled that he hadn't cum yet. 

"Adam made me cum so nicely. Let's see if you'll do as well. Lick," the woman commanded. I could smell her. She hovered closed to my mouth, lowered her pussy until it was within reach of my tongue. "Lick!" 

I poked my tongue out and tasted pussy for the first time. I thought about what I liked and tried to mimic the flicking, teasing motions Ben usually started with, then the longer, slower strokes she had used to bring me to such heights. She wiggled above me. I thought she must have thighs of steel to maintain that posture over my face. 

"Adam," she said, "go fuck this lovely girl." She hadn't permitted him to cum in her, apparently so he would stay hard for me.

He pushed into my pussy with his long, thick cock. I squealed with surprise. 

My licking became less tentative, encouraged by her moans and Adam's cock thrusting into me. "Yes," she said. "Good girl. How do you like your first taste of cunt?"

I wasn't sure what to say. I didn't love it, to be honest, but I knew that's not what she wanted to hear. I was tempted to tell her what I really thought, anticipating that she might use it as an excuse to flog me again. My ass twitched at the thought. 

Wait, was I actually hoping to be whipped?

"I love your pussy," I purred after a moment, then returned to her clit.

"I'm not sure I believe you," she said.

"I love it," I repeated, trying to put some passion into the words.

"I don't believe you, and I'm disappointed," she said. She hovered over me for a moment longer, and I attempted to tongue her more effectively, distracted by Adam at my other end. She shuddered slightly, and I wondered if I might make her cum after all. "Better," she said. Her voice quivered. I ran the tip of my tongue firmly along her clit, until her pussy bounced up out of my reach, then ground down into my nose and mouth. Her juices were smeared across my face. She pressed her clit into my lips, and I sucked it in hard. I was rewarded with a deep groan of satisfaction. Another moan, a cry, and she collapsed forward. Her tits pressed into my stomach. Her mouth was tantalizingly close to my pussy. Her breath came in heaving gasps. She rested a moment, then pushed herself up and off of me. "Untie her, boys."

The ankle and wrist cuffs were loosened.

She kissed me tenderly on one cheek, then whispered, "You will do as you're told."

I nodded.

"What?" she said.

"Yes, I will do as I'm told," I said.

"Hands and knees," she said. "I will not restrain you. You must stay where you are because you want to, not because you have no choice."

I swallowed hard, excited and a little frightened by what she might have planned. I had hoped that by making her cum, she might forget she wanted to "punish" me. I had also hoped I was not forgiven. It was very confusing, and very erotic. I rolled over and got up on all fours.

"Ben, you've been very good and very patient. Would you like to take her in the ass before or after I punish her?"

I gulped. What was she going to do to me? I could end this. I wasn't tied. I could take off my blindfold, see who this frightening woman was. 

But...

I didn't want to. I was so turned on, so deep into my role, and quite curious. I couldn't help but shudder, but I didn't move.

I felt weight behind me, then hands pulled my hips down and spread my ass cheeks. Ben must have made his choice.

My sphincter tensed. I tried to breathe deeply. I heard the sound of a cock being lubed, then someone's fingers slipped into my asshole, coating me with lube as well.

The finger was removed, and Ben pressed the head of his cock up against my opening, pushing slowly while holding my hips. I groaned as he slid in an inch, then another. When he was all the way in, he held a moment, savoring the tightness. I clenched my ass involuntarily. "Aaaaaaaaahhhh," was all I could manage.

He pulled out, then pushed in again, more quickly this time. He picked up speed, groaning with pleasure. Each stroke drew another wordless shout from me. I couldn't think. All I knew was Ben's cock filling me, then leaving, then filling me again.

"Wait!" the woman said, and Ben stopped, his cock deep inside me. "Adam?"

I felt someone lie down beside me. Ben pulled out.

"Ride him," the woman said. 

I felt for Adam's cock, then straddled him, lowering myself slowly. I sighed as his cock entered my pussy again. The woman pushed me forward roughly and instructed Ben to re-enter my ass.

"So tight!" I exclaimed. "So tight." I felt full to bursting. We had done this last time, and it was every bit as incredible as I remembered. I clenched my ass, my pussy. Everywhere was cock. Everything was the pressure from inside me, the two cocks sliding past each other with only the thin membrane between them.

Ben's fucking became faster and more frenzied, and then he came with a shout. My cunt tightened around Adam's cock, and I knew I was close to coming for the... fourth? time. Ben withdrew, and Adam guided my hips up and down. I came quickly and collapsed on Adam's chest. He was still hard within me.

"Up!" the woman commanded. "Hands and knees." 

My legs were like jelly, and Adam protested feebly as I lifted myself off of him. I wondered if the woman had plans for him, too.

I resumed my position on all fours. Without warning, the flogger landed. I yelped. 

"Adam," she said, "how many this time, do you think, for displeasing me?"

Adam didn't answer. I wondered if he was uncomfortable with how she was treating me.

"Adam!" she barked.

"30?" he whispered.

"Thirty!" she exclaimed. One after another rained down on my ass, my hips, the pain building. She didn't give me time to come down from one lash before the next bit into me. 
