 Jeri laughed as the hands shot out of the dark doorway, grabbed her coat lapels and pulled her roughly into the darkness. She heard the door slam shut behind her and the double click of locks. She laughed a little quieter when she was spun around and her hands cuffed behind her. She couldn't help her shiver when a deep voice whispered at her ear.

"Hi, baby. I've been waiting all day for you to come home."

Jeri felt her hair being pulled back, her back arching as her roommate, Janet's hands groped her jutting breasts. 

"Mmm, baby. I can feel your nipples getting hard already," Janet murmured, licking Jeri's ear.

Jeri stumbled in the darkness. "Okay. Ha ha. Funny. Now unlock these and stop fucking around."

Janet stepped closer. "Oh, the fucking will begin shortly, don't worry."

"Damnit, Janet! What's going on?" Jeri wriggled her wrists behind her back and felt Janet's palm slide down her belly and between her thighs.

"You know you want it. We've been roomies for two months, baby. You think I don't know what kind of porn you drool over? You've been wanting this for weeks." Janet scrunched her fingers on Jeri's pussy and felt her knees sag.

Janet's hand moved like lightning and grabbed Jeri's wrists, quickly unlocking one cuff and bring both arms to the front. She flipped the cuff over the wrist again. 

Janet flicked on a lamp. "Now take your clothes off, Jeri. Slow, so I can watch."

Jeri shook her head, but awkwardly wriggled out of her slacks, kicking them aside. The triangle of her pink panties had a growing wet patch that made Janet catch her breath.

"Oh, baby," she said softly.

Twisting and writhing in slow motion, Jeri managed to take off her blouse and bra, shyly holding her cuffed hands at her bare breasts. Hard pink nipples poked between her fingers. She swallowed and closed her eyes, moving her hands slowly down to the top of her panties.

Janet's voice was hard and so close she could feel her breath. "I'll do those."

Jeri trembled as she felt cold metal lightly glide across her pubis. She opened her eyes in surprise to hear a ripping sound and the sudden spray of hot breath on her pussy lips. And the more sudden touch of lips on those lips.

"You're going to love this," Janet said rising with a soft laugh, dropping the torn panties in a pool on the floor. One hand between Jeri's thighs and the other tugging a handful of hair, Janet dragged her captive to a plain wooden chair and urged her to sit. Uncuffing one wrist, Janet relocked the cuff to one of the chair's stout arms. Pulling a second pairs of cuffs from under the chair, she repeated the action and Jeri's wrists were tightly secured to the chair.

From under the chair, too, Janet produced two shorts lengths of rope, which she knotted expertly and bound Jeri's ankles to the front legs of the chair. She knelt down and raked her fingernails lightly up Jeri's wide-spread thighs. She leaned her face close and kissed the pink clitoris emerging from its hood.

"Please..." Jeri whispered.

"Oh, no, baby. Not me. Not yet." Janet stood and walked to the bedroom door. "I have a surprise for you."

Jeri couldn't help the loud gasp.

He was a well built naked man with a thick hard cock jutting straight out from beneath a trim muscled belly. His face had interesting character, neither too pretty nor too beaten. He had a good smile. Her eyes riveted on the bulbous lavender head of his cock and she licked her lips. And then felt shocked at how badly she wanted it in her mouth now. As she stared, a droplet of precum oozed from his cockhole and she shuddered, wanting to lick it.

Janet draped an arm across the man's shoulders, her other hand dipping to begin a slow, feather-light stroking of his erect cock. She grinned. "Does Jeri want hard cock? Hmmm?"

Jeri hips bucked, her thighs quivering. "Yes," she said through gritted teeth.

Janet's forefinger swagged the precum from the man's cockhole and smeared it across Jeri's mouth. "Do you like that? Yeah? You like the taste of his cock on your lips, baby?"

Jeri licked her lips slowly, around and around the oval, slurping up every bit of juice.

Janet leaned close to the man's ear. "I bet you've got a lot of cum for us, haven't you, baby? Let me see." She cradled his heavy ball sack in her palm, pumping and squeezing gently. "Oh, yeah."

Janet turned and kissed Jeri hard on the mouth. Her fingers pinched and raked across Jeri's blushing nipples. She splayed her fingers across Jeri's mouth and fondled her lips roughly. 

"You can't wait to feel that cock in your mouth, can you, baby? Across you lips and over your tongue. Shoot down your throat. Yeah? And then to make it hard again so you can fuck it with your pussy? Is that what you want, baby?"

Jeri's head lolled; her feet tapping erratic rhythms against the chair legs. The puddle on the chair seat between her legs was shiny and slick against her thighs.

Janet slid her hand along the pool and then rubbed it on the man's cockhead until it glistening between her fingers. She pumped the shaft and another droplet of precum oozed from the slit. "Mine!" she said and dropped to her knees in front of him. She lowered her mouth just over his cockhole and sucked it into her mouth, licking swirls as she pulled her mouth away.

His hips bucked forward, but she laughed and stood. "Not now." She pointed her finger at Jeri's wide spread legs and raised her eyebrow. The man tilted his head and nodded. He lowered himself to his knees slowly and began caressing Jeri's legs, moving higher onto her inner thighs, caressing followed by kisses and short licks. Jeri closed her eyes and shifted her ass forward.

"That's it, baby. Just lie back and let me make you cum," he said, grazing his cheek along her thigh.

Jeri groaned at the touch of the tip of his tongue along her labia. Jeri moaned at the touch of Janet's lips around the nub of her left nipple, then the right. While Janet licked a wet line up along Jeri's neck, the man between her thighs licked teasingly around her clitoris without touching it. And it ached for that touch. Jeri's mouth opened in a slack moan and she was shocked to feel the man rise quickly and push his cock into her gaping mouth. She couldn't help gagging and he pulled his cock out dripping with her saliva. Then shoved it back in again, his cockhead hitting the back of her throat. Jeri's eyes closed and she instinctively swallowed, tightening her throat around the head of his cock. Making him groan in response. He pulled his cock out again with a wet plop and rubbed the head all over Jeri's face and hair, shooting hot thick gobbets of cum in splashes.

Jeri felt herself tumbling over her own senses and began quivering in the chair. The tremors grew stronger as she felt the man's mouth nd tongue ravish her downward until they settled at her throbbing pussy. She bit her lower lip at the rough rasp of the man's tongue dancing circles on her clitoris. Her hips began thrusting faster, grinding on his mouth and feeling she was about to explode any second.

Janet's voice was whispering in her ear over and over. "Come for us, baby. Come now. Yeah, yeah! Oooo, give us your cum."

Jeri's body wracked itself, every muscle strained to peak and then loosened in an instant. She spasmed and groaned loudly. "Oh, fuck!" she choked out finally and collapsed into the chair again.

Janet gave the man's flagging cock a tug and motioned him away. "My turn," she said wickedly and slowly licked wet trails up Jeri's still trembling thighs. Deftly, with curious contortions, Janet undressed herself while never losing her rhythm of tongue licks, kisses, and gentle sucking on Jeri's clitoris. As Jeri squirmed and writhed under her tongue, Janet fondled herself. She rubbed her nipples against Jeri's calves. When she plunged two fingers between Jeri's pussy lips, she did the same with her own. Her tongue danced harder and faster as Jeri bucked against her mouth. Janet's tongue paused then licked even faster as she felt the man's hand pulling her fingers away to replace with the thick head of his cock.

He eased it in and Janet's waggled her hips in encouragement. His next stroke went hard, fast and deep. Janet groaned and kissed Jeri's pussy over and over. Jeri could no nothing more than chant "Fuckfuckfuckfuck!" again and again.

Jeri woke up in a sweat from her dream. She threw back the sheet and saw a large puddle on the bed between her legs. She knew it wasn't pee. She could hear her roomie Janet clattering stuff in the kitchen. 

After a quick shower, Jeri threw on a robe and went to the kitchen. She glanced at Janet. "Hey," she murmured.

"Hey yourself."

Jeri watched her hands fidget helplessly. "Umm, last night..."

Janet poured coffee. "Couldn't tell you. I had a date, didn't get back 'til after two."

Jeri nodded. "Oh."