 I was about to leave work Thursday last week when Jessica, one of my colleagues stopped me.

"Would your guest cabin be available next weekend?" She asked.

Checking the calendar on my Blackberry it was.

"It's available. Hot Weekend?" I quizzed.

"Just for me. Mom said she'd take the two brats for the weekend, I just need some personal time and don't want to stay at my apartment." 

"Well then, it'll be all yours!"

We left the office together and I got ready for the hour drive home. I called Carl and told him that Jessica wanted to use the cabin.

"Do I know her?" He asked.

"You maybe met her at the Christmas Party. Tall redhead?" I replied.

"I guess. You on your way home?"

"Be there in an hour!"

When I got home I told Carl the story that she just wanted to get out of Dodge for the weekend and that her mom had her two kids. 

"I'll make sure it's in order before she gets here tomorrow. Stock the refrigerator?"

"A bottle of wine and some fruit would be a nice touch."

"Done!"

I knew it would be perfect for her getaway.

Jessica and I met in the parking lot the next morning.

"My bag is in the car and I can't wait to get out of here!" she almost whined.

"Nine hours more and then you have the whole weekend!"

Time passed quickly because Fridays are always crazy. It seemed like no time passed before we were out the door.

As she got in her car, she yelled "I'll follow you!"

I laughed and hollered back "Good luck!" as I left the lot.

I had to drive slower the usual to allow her to keep up. It took and extra fifteen minutes to get home. Carl was sitting on the front porch when we drove in.

"Anyone for a cocktail?" he asked with a big grin.

Jessica and I both readily accepted.

"Want to check out your accommodations while he makes us a drink"

"Absolutely! I can't wait to see it"

"I made some pasta and plan to put something on the grill soon...if you'd like to join us." Carl asked as he popped his head out the door.

"Love to!" Jessica chimed.

We walked to the cabin and as we turned the corner of the deck she saw the hot tub.

"I know where I'll start my weekend out!"

"No better way to forget the week!" I said.

As we entered the cabin she just gawked at everything. Her eyes went from floor to ceiling and she broke into a huge grin.

"I could get into this!" she bubbled. "This is so cool!"

After showing her where everything was, we made the short walk back home. Carl had drinks waiting for us, and after finishing the first we adjourned to the back deck and he brought us supper. As always, it was delicious.

"Can I take him home with me?" Jessica asked.

"I have to keep him here because I can't cook!"

We all laughed and began clearing the table, taking the dishes back inside.

"If you don't mind, I think I'll retire to my little nest!" she said with a little wink.

"We understand!" I replied, winking back. "If you need anything, just holler."

As she walked down the steps, she turned and mouthed a great big "Thank You".

I returned to the kitchen where Carl was just finishing cleaning up.

"Don't forget....It's slave night, and you're the slave!" I told him as I gave his crotch a squeeze.

"I knew you wouldn't let me forget!"

I went into the bedroom and changed into my black leather teddy with that nasty 8 inch cock attached. I slipped a robe on over it, leaving the cock hanging out as I walked into the living room.

"See anything you'd like to eat?" I asked coyly.

He wasted no time getting to his knees and enveloped my phallus with his eager mouth. He had already put on a DVD for me and I pressed play as he began stroking me, sucking as he sucked. As "Strap-on Rugmunchers" began playing, I just sat back in the chair, enjoying the pressure his hand action pressing back against my mound. I found the syringe of collected cum he had placed on the table. Attaching it to the tubing that ran up the inside of my fully functional cock, I depressed the plunger just a bit, allowing a little dribble to be released from the time.

A muffled moan escaped his lips as he swallowed the tiny droplet.

"That's enough for now!" I whispered. "I don't want to cum yet."

I knew it was not going to take long anyway, as ready as I was while we had waited for Jessica to leave. I stuck a finger inside the leg of my teddy and felt the wetness of my well-lubricated pussy. 

I brought the finger to my lips and sucked it gently. It was very sticky and almost sweet. Dipping back in, I then offered it to Carl, sliding my finger along my dick and into his mouth.

Another moan escaped him as he sucked both. I rewarded him with another little squirt for the rubber cock. This caused him to begin to suck me harder as he jacked me off into his mouth.

"Cum in my mouth!" he gurgled over and over. "Cum in my mouth! puleeeeze!" 

That did it! As my vagina began rhythmically contracting, I began intermittently pushing the plunger on the syringe, squirting jet after jet of cum into Carl's sucking mouth. I pushed my cock as hard into his face as I went over the edge, fantasizing it was a real cock as I pulsed into his face.

No sooner had I unloaded about four cocks worth of semen down his throat, but the doorbell rang. We both nearly came unglued. He looked at me as I hurried to put on my robe, detaching the cock and putting it in my pocket. Carl slipped his pants back on and turned off the DVD.

I went to the door and there stood Jessica. I opened it and she came in.

"I hate to bother you, but I wanted to get a PPV movie and it wouldn't let me." She said with a sheepish grin.

"We have to order then from our TV." I said. "Come on in!"

"I'm not bothering you, am I?"

"Not at all. We were just watching TV!" I said with total sincerity.

She followed me into the living room where Carl was now watching regular programming.

"Want a Cosmo?"

"Twist my arm!" she laughed.

"Be a good boy and make us one, while I order Jessica a movie!"

Carl left to go to the bar to make us a drink and Jessica joined me on the couch.

I went to the PPV screen and asked. "What's your pleasure?"

With a little hesitation she said in a whisper, "It's the block on the adult channels, four hours, and seven channels." She now turned a very deep shade of red.

"Been a while?"

"Forever! I need some good visual stimulation and I thought I might watch a little skin!" she blushed again.

"You'll see more than a little skin!" I said "That's hardcore!"

"Well, I've never seen any, but how bad can it be?"

"It's not bad, just explicit!"

Carl walked back in the room with our drinks and we accepted them greedily. He sat back down in his chair with a glass of wine and flipped the TV back on the channel he was watching.

"Since Jessica had admitted she was in the mood for a little self –loving I decided to see where I might be able to lead her. 

"Want to see a preview?"

I thought she would spill her Cosmo. She blushed again and just nodded a faint "yes'.

"Please put the movie back on."

Carl looked at me with a little grin and pushed play. The movie began where we left it, with one young lady kneeling in front of another, impaling her mouth on the strap-on harnessed to the other. Jessica's eyes widened as she stared at the screen. She took a sip of her Cosmo, and licked her lips a little.

"Was that what you had in mind?" I asked.

She squirmed a little and, taking another drink, said "That's a bit of an overload, but, it'll work!"

I could tell she was enjoying the action on the screen and decided to take a risk. I took my rubber cock out of my robe and attached it to my teddy while she was still staring at the screen.

I then stood up and asked, would you like some of this?" as I opened the robe.

Her eyes widened and she nearly choked on her drink. 

"You don't have to go back to the cabin, if you'd like to join us here." I said with a smile.

She hesitated a moment, then merely slipped off the couch and fell to her knees in front of me, grabbing the cock and impaling her mouth with it in one move. She fervently sucked it, running her hand up and down the shaft as she engulfed it. 

She moaned loudly as she continued to desperately suck my rubber cock. Carl got out of his chair and went to the kitchen. I knew what he was going after. I had a surprise for him!

As I pulled my cock from Jessica's mouth, she whined a little. I sat back down on the couch and left her kneeling on the floor. Her eyes went back to the movie on the screen, then back to my cock sticking straight out from my teddy.

I removed my robe and let her have a look at the way it covered my taught body, my nipples hard and nearly poking through the material covering my breasts.

"Watch the movie; I have some business to take care of!" I told her sweetly.

She tried to sit down on the floor, but I pulled her back up to her knees in front of me. I slid my hands up the backside of her little sundress and exposed her white cotton panties. The material was tight against her lips and a wet spot had formed. I lightly rubbed my finger against it, pushing the material a little tighter against her lips. 

Another deep moan escaped her as I began rubbing her slit slowly from top to bottom and back. She pushed back a little and I forced my fingers and her panties a little deeper into her causing a noticeable expansion of the wet spot. 

Enough teasing I thought, and reached down and pulled her panties down to her knees. Looking down at them, the crotch was covered with her lubrication. I brought my fingers back to her now exposed nether region. Her auburn bush was full and a sticky glistening wetness was everywhere. I slowly ran a finger up her slit, gently parting her darkened lips exposing her vaginal canal. She pushed back against my finger and I slipped three of them easily inside.

I twirled them around a bit, deep inside her and then slowly slid them back out. Long strands of her juices clung to my fingers as I extracted them from her. She was really wet! 

I brought my hand to my face and inhaled her womanly aroma and moaned a little before sucking them into my mouth, tasting her for the first time. Her tangy sweet goo stuck to my palate as I savored her. As I was sucking my fingers, she turned toward me and her eyes seemed to roll back as she lost any inhibition she might have had.

"Fuck me!" she pleaded.

Not wanting to make her wait any longer, I got down behind her and placed the tip of my rubber cock at her entrance. She pushed back against me and her vagina inhaled me. I slowly began stroking into her, withdrawing all the way out before sliding back into her hole. My cock glistened with her juices each time I pulled back. I began a slow rhythm and she went along with it, as she continued to watch the two girls going at it on the big screen.

Carl snuck in a brought another syringe for me to attach to the cock. Once it was attached, I just had to wait for Jessica. 

I did not have long to wait. She began bucking harder against me, forcing me deeper into her as I plunged that rubber cock to the balls. Her sundress was soaked on the back with sweat as she began to lose control.

"Cum with me, cum with me, cum with me!" she moaned over and over.

So I did. First a small squirt, then another and another until I had emptied the syringe inside her. She shook violently and pushed back tighter against me as she went over the edge in what could only be described as an explosion.

I held her tightly against me, still buried inside her as she slowly regained her senses. 

She began to laugh a little and just shook her head and giggled a little "I needed that! Badly!" She still had not turned around to face me.

When she finally did, she just grinned a little and asked, "Did you.....?" I didn't let her finish but just laughed and said "Filled you up!"

A puzzled look spread across her face. "What do you mean?"

"Filled you up with cum!" I replied, showing her the empty syringe.

"Oh my God! I thought I felt that cock squirting in me!" 

"Don't worry! Carl will clean you up!"

That brought another quizzed look from Jessica. 

"This is slave night, and it's Carl's turn to be my slave! Now he's our slave!" I announced. "He has to service us with whatever we need.....or want! Right now, I want him to clean you up!"

Carl got down on the floor under me, where I was still buried deep in Jessica. I slowly withdrew from her, and allowed my cock to drop into his mouth. He sucked it clean and I then got back onto the couch to watch.

"Force a little cum out....just a little!"

I could see Jessica squeeze her abs slightly and a dribble of cum dropped from her parted lips and into Carl's mouth.

She looked over at me with a "how's that" look.

"He's all yours!"

She reached back and inserted a finger in her dripping gash and forced a little more out. Closing her eyes, she began to slide her finger deep inside and forced more into Carl's waiting mouth. She was now dripping in a steady stream, globs of cum dropped onto Carl's tongue and he swallowed it as it fell, mouth open and begging for more. 

From the look on Jessica's face, I could tell she was going to have another orgasm soon. She stopped fingering her hole, and began rubbing her clit. Her butt swaying rhythmically to her swirling finger. She soon stiffened and squeezed her clit between her lips using her thumb and index finger. A large glob of cum escaped her and dropped on Carl's tongue as she went over into the throws of orgasm. Her butt spasmed and she shook as she emptied her vagina of the remainder of the cum. Carl raised his head up a little and gave her slit a long lick, causing her to shudder once more as she finished.

"Jesus, that was fucking great," was all she could mutter.

"Sure looked hot!" I commented.

Carl slid out from under her and went to take his place in the chair.

"All these Cosmos........" I said with a sly grin, "I have to pee!"

"Me too!" Jessica said.

Carl got back out of his chair and lay down on the floor again. He knew what to do.

"I pulled aside the crotch of my teddy, exposing myself completely and stood over him.

I looked at Jessica and knelt down over Carl's face and gave her a wink. Spreading my labia apart with my fingers, I held myself over his open mouth and strained down a little, allowing a squirt to shoot out. Carl's mouth was position perfectly to catch it and so I began forcefully releasing a golden stream into it. I emptied my bladder as Carl's swallowed everything I had to offer. When I was finished he gave my slit a long lick as if to tell me he was done.

Jessica was still sitting there, deer-in-the-headlights look, not sure if she had just seen what I had done. 

"Your turn!" I told her.

"I couldn't!" she said as if a little embarrassed.

"Sure you can, he loves it! Matter-of-fact, so do I!" I added. "Just a little salt water! But......so hot!"

"I really don't think I can!" she pleaded.

"Let me help!" I said.

I got down on the floor next to her and pulled her dress over her head. Her breasts were topped with large nipples that stood out quite proudly. I leaned over and sucked one into my mouth, nursing her while I fondled the other with my hand, tweaking her nipple each time my fingers passed over it.

She tilted her head back and gave a long sigh. "Mmmmm that feels good!" she moaned. 

I soon turned my attention to another area, sliding my hand down her belly to her mound. I began to massage it gently, causing another moan to escape her lips. She pushed forward into my hand and I parted her lips with two fingers, allowing her pink inside to show. I began to stroke her labia up and down, causing friction against her now swollen clit, making her lubricate profusely. Below me I could see Carl's head, mouth open, waiting for her to release a flood into his mouth.

I brought my face to her head and whispered in her ear, "Pee for me Jessica. Pee in his mouth! You can do it! Pee for me!"

A long low moan escaped her lips as I felt her pelvic floor tighten. Carl's mouth came up and locked to her labia as she released down his throat. I felt her tense up and then grind down against him, filling him with her hot nectar.

"Oh jeez!" She whimpered, "I'm gonna cum again!" 

I felt every muscle in her body tense as she spasmed in a tremendous orgasm. Sweat seemed to pour from her as she grabbed Carl's head and held it tightly against her crotch.

When she finally released her grip on him, she was spent. She nearly collapsed on the floor, but caught herself with one hand before she went all the way over.

She gave me a look of disbelief and laughed.

"So how was it?" I asked, full knowing the answer.

"I've never had an orgasm like that in my life! Not even close!"

"Well, mine was good, but it left me wanting more!" I stated. "Anyone interested in a little girl-on-girl sixty-nine?" I added looking at Jessica sitting on the floor.

Another shocked look on her face told me she had never experienced that before either. I decided to take the matter into my own hands. I stood up and slowly stripped my teddy off, revealing my entire body to her. Standing in front of her, I slowly inserted two fingers into my sopping vagina. The sticky lubrication from deep within me glistened on my fingers as I brought them to my mouth and proceeded to suck them clean.

The whole time, I watched her for a reaction. Her eyes were glued to my naked mound and she licked her lips a little and swallowed as I felt a little trickle of moisture escape my now slightly gaping hole. I moved closer and held my exposed sex inches from her face. Inserting my fingers once again, feeling the copious lubrication inside, I withdrew them slowly, and then offered them to her. 

Jessica tentatively licked the end of one finger, then without any further hesitation, sucked my gooey digits into her mouth, licking and sucking all my woman fluids from them.

I got down on the floor in front of her and pushed her onto her back. I swung around so that my steamy slit was over her face as I lowered my head to her hairy mound. Not even using my fingers, I parted her lips with my tongue and gave her a long lick. A continuous stream of lubrication flowed from deep within her vault. 

She arched her pelvis forcing my tongue deeper inside. I continued to lick her gently as I forced my tongue ever further into her canal. Still keeping my crotch a good distance from her face, I slowly gyrated my hips as if I were grinding into her mouth. I could faintly hear little mews as she now began humping harder against my mouth, now enveloping her labia. My tongue continued to swirl inside her, swabbing the walls of her vagina in my attempt to bring her off. Since I knew she had never done this before, I thought she could decide when she was ready to taste me firsthand. 

I was already close to orgasm, just sucking her, that I knew the moment she touched me with her tongue, I would explode. 

She began bucking harder still against my face and I could feel her muscles tighten as she approached another orgasm. Suddenly she pulled me down to her face and drove her tongue deep inside me. Her vaginal walls began a rhythmic contraction and she pressed tight up against my face, spasming into my mouth. That was all it took for me, too, and I ground myself down tight against her face as I spasmed over and over. I lost track of how many times I came with my pussy glued to her mouth, but she was doing the same to me. 

When her vagina finally stopped contracting, I released my lips from her and slowly slid my face to the floor. I just lay there panting, my tongue still licking her thigh, as we both relaxed.

I slowing got to my feet and handed Carl my martini glass.

With another evil smile, I said, "You've been a good boy, so you may fill my glass!"
