 Jessica had met Linda 3 years previous at a night club, she found her very beautiful with her long raven hair which was half way down her back and her black thigh boots with her black stocking tops peaking out the top of them. It was Linda who had spoken to her first in a low husky voice that Jessica had found so irresistible.

They chatted in a darkened corner of the club telling each other about themselves. Linda had influence over her and Jessica loved it, being so submissive to this woman gave Jessica a tingle in her crotch and a flush on her face which did not go unnoticed by Linda. Jessica's long blonde hair and long slender legs was what had caught her attention. She had been looking for a submissive for a while but until now had not found a submissive that she felt really comfortable with.

Ian had only been on the scene for a few months now and although Jessica had grown close to him but she dared not let Linda or Ian know of her feelings for him. It was hard for her to watch Linda taking his cock whenever she felt like it and even harder when Jessica was enjoying his body and was brushed aside by her. But she adored her Linda and would suffer in silence even if it meant that she could not have this man to herself.

Now 3 months later as he lay on the bed naked and tied to the bed, both women reached for him greedily both wanting the same thing. A glance from Linda and Jessica's hand retreated from his now hardened cock as she shot a warning to her submissive. Linda was the mistress of this house, Jessica being so submissive that she obeyed all her Linda's commands. And it was Linda's fingers that curled and teased his rock hard shaft whilst Jessica leaned back and worked the ribbons free from her corset.

There was something strangely exhilarating watching one woman undress another. His cock was so solid and engorged that it ached as it throbbed. Every downward thrust of her hand sent his pulse racing and his breath quickening. The corset undone, her body leapt free from its restraint. Linda told Jessica to undo his restraints and as she freed his wrists Ian reached up for a ripe succulent breast with erect nipple waiting to be tweaked.

He had caught her by surprise and although he was not her servant she enjoyed the thrill of him taking control of her as she rolled her head backwards as the pleasure of what he was doing to her ran down her spine into her engorged pussy. He worked it with the same vigor as her hand was working on him. 

Jessica sighed dejectedly. So with the other hand he reached for her fuller rounder breast. It's bulk soft to the touch under his fingers; too much to handle effectively. So he leaned forward and sucked on her engorged nipple. He pulled the nipple into his mouth and feasted hungrily, flicking his tongue over and around her solid erect nipple. Sucking with such force that she cried out in pure pleasure then as he bit down on her nipple her body shuddered.

His hand circled her body, cupped her buttock and pulled her close to him. A hand at the back of his head pulled forcefully at his hair. Redirecting him from Jessica's left breast to her right then off and over to Linda. Hands roamed over his body and he wasn't sure whose hands were where but he loved every moment of it.

Falling back onto the bed and pulling Linda down on top of him and Jessica by his side, she snaked her hands downwards across her breast and belly as her hands reached their goal. He wasn't prepared for the sensation that followed as a hand grabbed him forcefully then he felt a warm wet soft and all consuming mouth devour his throbbing dick

A feeding frenzy began to take place as Linda first licked the tip of his cock before slithering her tongue around the head and snaking it down over the shaft, taking all of his cock deep into her mouth. God it felt so damned good as he lay there with this woman sucking hungrily on his member as he thrashed around the bed in total ecstasy. He couldn't stop moving as the deep-throated cries escaped from his lips. The sound of his own racing heart filled his head as the hot wet mouth let go of his throbbing member.

The two women exchanged words and Linda pulled herself free from his cock. Her raven hair cascading wildly around her face, she smiled wickedly.

"Is there anything you wouldn't do Ian?" She teased.

"Ma'am?" He asked her with a quizzing look on his face. 

She straddled him and sat up high on his chest. Her dark pubic hair only inches away from his nose, he could smell her sex as it wafted up his nostrils. Gently now all the while Jessica was working on his cock, her tongue moving up and down his shaft covering it in her saliva as she lapped at it. Nibbling on the head of his dick as she took it in her mouth and began sucking in earnest.

His hands moved gently from Linda's knees to her mid thigh, he stopped momentarily to gauge her response. Her eyes were menacingly blue daring him to carry on sliding his hand up her thigh. He continued gently running his hand up her thigh until he got to her stocking top and felt her warm soft flesh under his fingers as he looked up into her eyes with a devilish grin on his face.

As he got to her black silk thong he grab it and tore it from her body.

"Oh you naughty boy that was my favorite thong!" 

She said as she looked at him sternly.

"You are going to have to pay for that in more ways than one."

He just lay there and smirked at her. Then as his head rolled back Jessica brought his cum to the boil with her soft wet mouth.

"Oh no you don't!" 

Linda said as she moved down his body to where Jessica was still sucking on his throbbing man meat. She almost sat right on top of Jessica's head as she brought her ass to rest just above his cock. She shot Jessica a stare and her little slave let go of Ian's throbbing penis as it popped out of her hot little mouth and slapped Linda on the ass as it pointed to the ceiling. She was quick to grab hold of his cock and guide it to her sopping cunt and sink onto it balls deep.

As he felt her pussy wrap around his dick and her juices run down his balls it was all too much for him as he shot load after load into her wanton cunt while Jessica lapped up their cum as it mixed together over his balls. Before he could finish, Linda got up off his semi hard cock as he shot the last of his cum over Jessica's face. Linda walked out of the room and into the bathroom and ran herself a hot bath to soak herself leaving the two of then alone.

Jessica was still sucking on his balls until they turned red and then looked him in the eye.

"You liked that, didn't you?" 

He looked at her face, and glanced at her pussy, and back at her face again and nodded his head as she scooped up the cum on her face and sucked it off her fingers and swallowed it down.

"I want you to shove me around and fuck my little pussy hard and fast until I beg for mercy." Said Jessica.

His look of surprise turned into one of uncontrollable lust as he flipped her over so his body was on top of hers. 

"You're just a little slut aren't you? Only little sluts like being ordered around." 

"Yes, but you like me that way, admit it!" 

"Now while you're laying there, you can be of some use and suck my cock." 

She began to swirl her tongue around the head of his stiffening cock. The warmth of her wet mouth on his body was almost too much for him to handle. She let go of his cock with her mouth and wrapped her little hand around him, pumping up and down with a little twist every now and then. She put her mouth around just the tip of his cock and sucked. The combination of sucking and stroking made Ian's head sway a little back and forth. 

"Careful baby, don't fall." Jessica smiled up at him. 

"I won't." He said with an unappreciative smirk. "Keep sucking." 

He grabbed her head and wrapped his fingers in her hair and pushed her mouth onto his cock until it was deep inside her mouth and throat. She choked a little but didn't stop licking his cock inside her mouth. Ian pulled out before he came. He took her chin in his hand and bent to forcefully kiss her mouth. 

With his lips still on hers, he whispered, "That was good baby, maybe you deserve a little pleasure." 

He pushed her towards the end of the bed so her head was just able to rest without leaning back. He laid his naked body on the bed and looked at Jessica's pretty, pink pussy. He licked his lips and kissed the hollow where her legs met her pussy and licked a clean circle around her outer lips. Without warning he shoved two fingers into her hot, soaking wet pussy and pounded hard. Jessica's back arched suddenly and she screamed with shock. Ian slapped her thigh and gripped it hard. 

"Shut up! Do you want Linda to come out and see you like this?" 

She shook her head 'no' and he let go of her leg. A white hand print with a red outline deface her otherwise perfect thigh. Ian liked the way it looked, a little vulnerable, a little painful, so as he buried his tongue inside Jessica's waiting pussy, he grabbed both her legs by her curvy, womanly hips and squeezed. Her little body writhed with discomfort but she got off on the pain. Soon she was fighting back screams with all her might as one orgasm after another rocked through her body. Ian sat up. 

"Enough for you." He said. 

"You probably didn't deserve that much anyway."

He pulled Jessica up by her wrists until she was upright and commanded her to turn around and kneel. She obeyed the best she could and Ian took hold of her tiny waist and plunged his cock into her pussy. He left it there for a moment, savoring the clenching aftershocks of her orgasms. He slowly began sliding his cock in and out, in and out. 

He gathered speed but still didn't pound into her as he asked, "Have you ever had anal sex, Jessica?" 

She twisted her neck to raise an eyebrow at him.

"No." She answered warily, afraid of what might happen. 

"Oh good." Ian said.

Without warning he thrust his cock into her tight ass, loving the way she screamed into the pillow.

"Stop!" she cried. "It hurts, please stop!" 

But he didn't stop. He only held her waist tighter and pounded into Jessica's little body. He removed his right hand from her skin and smacked it hard onto her bouncing ass. He did the same with his left and spanked her several more times after that. 

"Are you tired my darling?" He asked her.

"Yes, yes, I'm so tired Ian." She replied hoarsely. 

"Well I won't make you wait much longer then, my love."

He had never called her that before, but she didn't have time to react because as soon as the words left his mouth he tangled his hands in her knotted hair and yanked her body backwards as his cock exploded into her ass. Gradually his thrusts slowed and he all but collapsed on top of her. He rolled off her and lay on the bed beside her. 

"Come here." 

He told Jessica tenderly and she laid her body on top of his, entwining herself into him. 

"You called me 'my love'." 

She told him carefully as she stared into his blue eyes. 

"I know." He replied. 

"I do love you Jessica; I have since I first laid eyes on you."

"I love you too." She said. "I love you too."