 The evening had been going very well. It was to celebrate Tracy & Adam's 6th wedding anniversary. They had invited all of their old friends; most had gone to school with them and had married others in the group.

As I watched from across the room, I noticed Adam bringing another drink for Tracy. This had to be at least number 6. I wondered why he was plying her with Rum & cokes. I knew Adam had an affair with another one of our old classmates wives and wondered if this was to get Tracy to pass out so he could play around a little.

Tracy had found out about Adam's wayward ways about 3 months ago and had put a quick stop to it by threatening to leave him if it ever happened again. Since then Adam had been towing the line and behaving himself. But, I had a feeling he was soon going to go back to old habits. 

A bunch of us were going to be staying at Tracy's & Adam's for the whole weekend since it was a two-hour drive back to the city. I was one of them. My name is Josh and I have known Tracy & Adam for about 15 years. I used to go out with Tracy before she and Adam got together. Even though we had split up we remained very good friends. Adam and I played on the same hockey team in college. We hung around together and double dated. Me with Tracy and Adam with whichever girl he had that week. 

Adam liked to get the girls drunk and then go and park. I don't know if that was because he thought that was the only way he could get off first base with them. But that was what he liked to do. He also liked to show us guys what he had. First he would get the girls feeling really good and slowly lift the back of their dresses up while dancing showing their panties (if they wore them). Pretending that nothing was wrong he would kiss the girls or hold them closer and wink if he saw one of us looking his way.

Now I have to admit I liked the view as well as the next guy. I remember getting into trouble with Tracy more than once when I would sneak a peak. But even knowing what Adam was like didn't stop Tracy from dating Adam after we broke up. Surprisingly I never saw Adam do the same to Tracy all the time they dated. Maybe she had warned him she knew what he would do and not to try it with her.

But now as I watch Adam, I wonder if he is back to his old games again. Adam and Tracy never had kids due to some illness Adam had when he was a kid. They didn't want to adopt so they stayed childless. Not having children had allowed them to save up most of their wages. Adam went back to school and graduated with a masters in Business. He now owned an investment firm and traveled all over Canada & the US. The money to start had come from Tracy's inheritance after her father died. This money is what had kept Adam in line, or at least discrete.

Around 1:30 am the party was winding down. Some left to stay in cabins they had rented around the lake. Other's like me stayed in one of the many rooms in Tracy & Adam's cottage. There were a few who decided to head back to the city and had stopped drinking alcohol to drink coffee or pop a few hours earlier.

I had turned in for the night, Tracy & Adam was going to stay up to talk to some old friends for a few hours. I had been sleeping for about an hour when I woke up. Someone had turned the stereo up. I got out of bed and pulled on my swimming trunks and opened the door. The cottage had the bedrooms upstairs and there was a wrap around balcony that over looked the living room. 

As I looked over the banister I noticed that three of our friends Tony, Chuck & Mike were still up with Tracy & Adam. It was clear that Tracy had had a few too many tonight. Adam was sitting next to Tracy on the loveseat with his arm around her and the guys sitting across from them on the sofa. 

Adam was rubbing his hand up and down her side while he talked. I could hardly hear what they were saying because the music was so loud. Adam said "why don't you tell us about what we were talking about at the councilors office". (they had been seeing a marriage councilor to sort out their problems).

"No" Tracy said, " That was private." Tracy was trying to sit up properly to take another drink but was having some problems. Adam helped her and changed the subject. "Let's have a dance honey," he said as he lifted her up off the loveseat. " I like this song". 

She put her arms around Adams neck and they danced slowly to an old Platter's tune. As they danced I could see Adam whisper in her ear. Her face went red and she tried to push him away. Adam wouldn't let her go. She finally settled down and just danced with him. Adam held her really close and talked to her as his hands started moving around on her ass and up her back and down again. Slowly her red dress was riding up her backside. Everyone could see the red thong panties she had on as well as the red garter and stockings. Either Tracy didn't care or didn't know what was happening.

Tony, Chuck and Mike looked at each other and smiled. Mike put his hand on his crotch and squeezed his cock through his pants as Adam looked over to them to make sure they saw what he was doing and winked and smiled. By the time the song ended her dress was back where it belonged and Adam sat Tracy back down on the loveseat and went to get refills for her drink. When he came back I noticed that only Tracy was still drinking. The guys had all changed to coffee.

Tony pulled out a couple of joints and lit them up. They passed it around a few times making sure Tracy had most of it. Again Adam started talking about their visits to the marriage councilor and how it had helped their marriage. Tracy agreed that it helped them talk about things they might never have mentioned before. 

Adam said one of his fantasies was to watch someone have sex with his wife. Tracy was upset that Adam would talk about their private lives in front of their friends and told him so. Adam said what's the problem, their old friends. They aren't going to go around and talk to everyone about it. Tracy didn't say anything just sat there with he r head down in embarrassment. 

Adam continued that he didn't know that he would like that until Tracy had mentioned that she had fantasized about having sex with more than one guy at a time. He admitted that he was surprised and a little pissed off when he first heard this. But after a while he started thinking about it and he too started to fantasize watching her get fucked by other men. Tracy said It's only a fantasy, it doesn't mean it's supposed to happen. 

Tracy then got up and started to clean up after the party. She almost made it to the kitchen when she almost tripped. Adam rushed up and caught her. He told her to leave it till tomorrow and started to help her back to the loveseat. As he held her he started to kiss her and tell her he loved her. He started to move his hands down her back as he kissed her deep and desperately.

It had been a long time since he had kissed her like that and she started to respond to kiss, momentarily forgetting that they weren't alone. His hand moved down to the hem of her dress and started to slide up under it. The guys watched from the sofa and from the bulges in the front of their pants they were obviously enjoying it. 

Tony was not trying to hide the way he felt as he slowly rubbed through his pants as he watched his friend's hand disappear under Tracy's dress. They watched as Adam slowly ran his hand up to his wife's ass and then he moved her so he could have access to her pussy while he still kissed her. 

Adam started to kiss Tracy down her neck to the top of her breasts. It was then that Tracy opened her eyes and saw the guys sitting there watching everything that was happening. Shocked as she realized they still weren't alone she tried to push Adam off of her. He grabbed her arms and held them to her side and continued what he was doing.

Tracy squirmed and tried to free her hands. Adam pulled her hands over the top of her head and told her if she didn't want everyone in the house to come see her like this she had better keep quiet and enjoy it. Holding her both of her hands in one of his he reached up under her dress and pulled her panties down to her knees. Then using his leg to put between her's he pried her legs apart and started to kiss her stomach as he rubbed his clit with his other hand.

I knew from experience Tracy would soon forget her surroundings, as she got hotter from the fingers that obviously knew what to do. After a little while Adam didn't have to hold Tracy down anymore. He slid down to the floor and grabbing her legs pulled her closer so he could get his mouth around her pussy. 

He started to flick her clit with his tongue while his fingers fucked slowly in and out of her pussy. Then taking some of the pussy juice out of her cunt he started to rub her asshole. Then slowly started to put his finger into her ass and pull it out. She started to buck her ass off the loveseat and push her pussy into his face to get him to do it harder.

He took his face and hands away from her and turned to the guys. All three of them had their cocks out of their pants and were stroking them like there was no tomorrow. Adam signaled for them to come help him. In no time at all, all three of them were out of their clothes and had moved the coffee table out of the way.

Tracy didn't try to stop them as the three of them helped Adam put her on the floor. She was too far-gone. She needed a cock to fill her pussy and she didn't care where it came from. As she lay on the floor she saw three cocks standing at attention and pointing towards her. She reached out to grab the closest one and put it in her mouth. She sucked the cock and moved her hand up and down it while holding another in her other hand and jerking it off. Adam had moved away and taken his pants off. He was happily masturbating while he watched his wife of 6 years sucking off one of his best friends. 

Tracy was lying on the floor with her legs spread wide open as Tony was eating her pussy the other two guys sucked on her breasts and took turns fucking her face. Adam seeing an opportunity here ran to the closet and got his movie camera. He came back in the living room and started to film his hot drunk wife sucking cock and getting her pussy eaten.

Tracy opened her eyes and saw Adam with the camera and almost bites off Mike's cock trying to get Adam to put the camera away. Adam told her don't worry, the film is for us to play later. No one else will see it. Just enjoy yourself, this is what you always wanted. Tracy gave up when the guys wouldn't let her go and laid back and let them continue. After about another fifteen minutes Mike moved down to eat Tracy's pussy and Tony took his place up by her head. I was by now very hard while I watched the gang-bang going on in the living room. 

I must have made a noise when I moved because all of a sudden Adam looked up and saw me standing there with my cock in my hand. He grinned from ear to ear and motioned me to come down and join the party. He didn't have to ask me twice.

As I got into the living room I saw Chuck lie down on the floor and the other two help Tracy to put his cock in her now dripping pussy. She rode him like there was no tomorrow. As she went up and down on his rigid cock the rest of us stroked ours until we couldn't take it anymore. 

Chuck held her still for a while so he wouldn't come too soon. As he did this Tony had gone down and started to lick Tracy's ass. When he was sure there was enough lubrication he started to put his cock up to the brown hole and push. Chuck feeling what his friend was trying to do pulled Tracy to him and held her still. Tracy's eyes went big when she felt the intruder trying to gain entry to a place she hadn't used for a long time. With a pop Tony was in. Then Tony and Chuck coordinated their movements so when Tony went in Chuck would come out. In no time they were both forcing them selves into the tight holes while Tracy could only hold on for dear life. 

Mike went up to Tracy's head again and grabbed her hair to guide her mouth to his cock. Tracy felt really full with a cock in her pussy and a cock in her ass and one in her mouth. Since Chuck was moving her up and down on his cock her hands were free to hold Mike's cock as he fucked in and out of her mouth. I had been standing on the sidelines watching and stroking my 7-½ inches, when Adam told me to go join in. I moved over to the other side of Tracy and pushed my cock to the side of her face. Her eyes were closed as she neared her orgasm. Feeling the other cock she turned her head to take it into her mouth as she moved her hands over Mikes cock.

Adam was moving all around to get every possible angle of his wife getting royally fucked. Feeling that Tracy was close to coming the guys doubled up on the speed of their fucking and were now fucking her as hard as they could. Tracy was moaning as I fucked her mouth. Mike still getting his cock pulled by Tracy as she sucked mine was also getting close. Suddenly he grabbed Tracy's head away from my cock and put his in Tracy's mouth and face fucked her and started to groan as what must have been a month's worth of seaman pushed into her mouth. He fucked her face for another minute or two and then pulled away to collapse on the floor. Tracy quickly turned back to me to get my cock back in her mouth. As I fucked her mouth the guys both let out a load groan and filled both Tracy's holes with hot come. As I started to come Tracy let out a bunch of muffled screams as she also came.

As Tony pulled out of Tracy's ass a stream of come ran down to her pussy. Slowly Chuck raised her off of his chest to set her on her side on the floor. She had collapsed after her orgasm and didn't have the strength to lift herself back up. 

Adam was too hard to wait till Tracy had rested. He grabbed her legs and pulled them open and dove in between them. As he fucked her he told her how hot it made him to feel all that come already in there. He kept saying how hot they all looked while he watched them fuck her. As he fucked her he had one hand holding her ass while his finger pushed up into her ass. As he came she also couldn't hold back and came again.

After everyone had rested and had a drink we all retired to Adam & Tracy's room for a dip in the hot tub before we started all over again. Needless to say we didn't get much sleep that night. Tracy forgave Adam and finally admitted she did like all the attention. The evening was to be repeated for many years to come. Tracy has realized that some fantasies are good to share with your friends. And Adam finds Tracy more co-operative with his dancing games than she used to be. Tracy has shown Adam she is more woman than he alone can handle. Good thing he has friends like us, right!