 "Shit... another Friday night... and here I am needing something to get me off"

Jessica recently broken up with her boyfriend of three years and has been struggling with not having a cock readily available. She is every guys dream girl in appearance and sex drive. Her petite body and C cup tits would be enough to drive any guy crazy. The kicker is that she also loves to fuck... all the time... everyday.

She started dealing with her needs with different toys and websites. Gangbangs, big cocks, manga, and plenty of other fetishes found their way onto her computer screen. She also began reading erotic stories and posting messages to the authors trying to get some of them to write specifically about her.

Frustration sets in as she reads the stories on this particular night. Two fingers are feverishly working on her sopping wet pussy as she reads about everything from a couple fucking for the first time to some kid with a big cock sticking it to all the women he wishes. She decides that perhaps some visual stimulation would be the ticket to her getting off today.

A couple quick searches on the internet and she has what she needs.

"Yes... I think I'm in the mood for some manga. Just something about drawn sex that gets me going... I love this stuff..."

She pulls her panties aside and inserts her favorite dildo. At 8 inches long with all the features of the real deal, she is getting fucked pretty hard by her not so little friend. As her eyes scan the drawings, her pussy readily accepts the penetration of this monster cock.

Minutes later she feels the wave of orgasm begin, but then it fades as she clicks a link to see the next page of a comic she is looking at.

"Fuck... a password?! I shouldn't have to pay for this shit!"

She searches again and finds more comics, with the same results each time. Her body is quivering as she struggles to find that stimulus that will push her over the top and wrack her body with a massive orgasm.

A message pops up in her mailbox from the erotic story site. It is from a guy suggesting she find a local adult comic shop. She responds that she doesn't have cash for that sort of thing. Moments later he chimes back with "give the proprietor a blowjob then!"

She sits staring at the screen, her eyes glazed over and her pussy stretched by her massive dildo. Another quick search reveals a comic shop about two blocks from her house. It isn't an adult shop, but there aren't any specifically for an adult audience in her quaint little town.

"Hopefully they have a secret stash I can get a look at..."

She quickly throws on a knee length, loose fitting skirt and a button down blouse. The blouse is form fitting and her tits are practically on display as she doesn't mess with putting on a bra. Although the skirt is loose fitting, there is no doubt a super fine ass is barely hidden beneath that fabric.

Jessica quickly walks down the street, which is nearly vacant at this hour. The shop's website says they are open until 9, so she is hurrying because it is almost 8:45 already. She knows the place, as it is next door to her usual coffee shop.

She opens the door with a suddenly push and steps inside. Mac, the proprietor, is reclined behind the counter about ten feet away. He looks up and is shocked to see this drop dead gorgeous woman standing in his comic book shop.

"Can I help you with something... are you lost?" asks Mac.

"I'm not lost, but hopefully you can help me. I'm looking for some specific comics."

"Well, I will certainly do my best. I have quite the collection of Superman, Batman..."

"Fuck that...," Jessica says as she looks around, not finding any sign of life in the shop. "I am looking for some Manga comics. Do you have anything like that?"

Mac sits up in his chair, a bit more interested than he was five seconds ago.

"Sure... I've got a secret adult collection. Thing is, I'm not supposed to have the stuff for sale. You got cash?"

"No... but I will suck your cock for store credit," responds Jessica.

Mac almost falls out of his chair. Could this be any better? One minute he sitting here wondering if anyone is gonna buy one of his comics and the next he is being propositioned by easily the hottest piece of ass to ever set foot in his shop. He decides to see if she is fucking with him.

"Yeah... right... before I show you the collection... how about if you show me your tits?"

Jessica rolls her eyes and unbuttons the top four buttons on her blouse. She quickly flashes her perfect tits at him and he can do nothing but gawk at them. Almost as quickly, they disappear back into her blouse.

Unkown to Jessica, a couple college age comic book fans have been sitting in one of the aisles looking through Mac's collection. They had peeked around the corner just in time to see her bare her chest to Mac. They both immediately had some massive hardons at seeing Jessica's fine tits.

Now, Mac is not your typical comic shop owner. He is about six foot tall and two hundred pounds. He is in great shape as he works out on a near daily basis. He had inherited the shop from his grandfather about five years back and decided to keep it running. The place was paid for and was giving him almost sheer profit, so it was better than being in the rat race.

Mac stands and motions Jessica to follow him to the back. She catches up to him quickly as they step through a curtained doorway. The thin cloth of the curtain only covers about half the doorway, but no one cares as there is little to worry about in the back room.

However, the two college guys care as they take a position toward the back of the store where they can see Mac and Jessica in the back room. They can see Jessica's shapely figure as she stands watching Mac dig for a box at the bottom of a closet. They both have their cocks out, eagerly anticipating the blowjob that is coming.

Mac pulls the box from the bottom of the closet and opens it up. He hands a few to Jessica and she begins to page through them. She can feel her pussy begin to get moist all over again as she finally has full versions of some of the comics she has seen online. She lets one hand slip down and gently touch her pussy through her skirt.

Mac clears his throat. "Now, those books would normally cost about five bucks each..."

"Five bucks? Shit... I bet these old things aren't worth more than a dollar each."

"Look... you want 'em or not?"

"Yeah, yeah... so let's see... I'll take six of them for one blowjob. If you come in my mouth then I get two more."

"Deal"

Jessica drops to her knees and begins to unfasten Mac's jeans. She makes no attempt at romantic as she rips open his jeans and pulls them down to his knees. She then yanks down his boxers, freeing his already stiff cock. She is pleasantly surprised by his 8 inch cock that is easily a mouthful for her.

"Take off your shirt too," adds Mac.

"Sure... but it'll cost you another book"

"Fine"

Jessica slowly peels back her blouse, revealing her firm and perky tits. Her body is smooth and her pink nipples are erect. Mac is doing his best not to blow his load to early, as she hasn't even started blowing him yet.

She pulls her hair back into a pony tail and then dives right in. She is an old pro and it is all Mac can do to keep his knees from buckling. A slurping sound echoes through the shop as she deepthroats his cock over and over again, using her hand to massage his balls as her mouth performs its magic.

Mac sighs as he feels the cum begin to boil in his balls. He looks up and sees the two guys standing out in the shop watching her suck him off. Mac simply closes his eyes and focuses on his blowjob as the two guys continue to jerk off while watching the scene unfold.

"EIGHT BOOKS IT IS!"

Mac grabs her head and forces his cock deep in her throat as he begins shooting a huge load of cum into her mouth. He thrusts several times and then staggers back. He collapses to the ground as the orgasm causes him to lose his balance entirely.

Jessica grins as she licks her lips clean. She didn't spill a drop.

"Well, now that was a nice surprise. I forgot to tell you I love swallowing cum, but I'll take those extra books anyway."

Mac just sits there with a satisfied grin on his lips. He shoves the box in Jessica's direction and just kinda waves his hand at it. Motioning for her to get her books.

"Thing is... once I get started swallowing cum, I never want to stop," states Jessica. Mac just grins again as he collapses to the floor.

That last comment was what the college guys were dreaming of hearing. They step through the curtained doorway and stop about two feet from Jessica. She senses the movement and turns around. These two aren't what she would call good looking or anything, but they have hard cocks and she is hungry for some cum.

She grabs one cock with her hand and begins jerking while her mouth devours another one. A few moments later she switches to the other voyeur. She continues to go back and forth, working each cock to a point where she knows they could come any time... and then she stops.

"So... boys... what's in it for me if I finish you off?"

Both of them are at the point of either coming or being harshly blue balled, so they begin to stammer senseless things.

"Ten bucks... no, twenty..." says one of the guys.

"I'll buy you books or whatever! Just fucking suck my cock!!!" yells the other.

"Hey, I'm no whore!" exclaims Jessica, in feigned disgust.

"No... I didn't mean... shit... uh..." says the first one.

Jessica laughs at her little prank and takes the first cock into her mouth, bobbing her head quickly as she feels his balls begin to tighten. He begins to shudder as he fills her mouth with a load of cum. The poor guy just can't handle it and falls against the wall and to the floor. The other one just stares as Jessica approaches him

"Lay down," she says.

He immediately lays on his back as she crawls up between his legs. Already on all fours, she lowers her head to take his cock in her mouth. She just puts her mouth around his cock... blowing warm air across the head, not actually touching it with her lips. She hear a whimper of agony from the poor guy as his cock is obviously aching.

Just as she is about to start sucking she feels her skirt flip up, she glances back to see Mac knelt behind her. He has a rubber on his rock hard cock...

"You can have the whole fucking box..." he says as he slams his cock into her dripping wet pussy. She throws her head back in pleasure as she begins to pound into her with a primal force that even she had never felt before. The sensation subsides a little and she returns to her previous task of sucking this other guy off.

The wet slapping sound of Mac's balls hitting her pussy and the slurping sound of her mouth on the other guy's cock fill the entire building. The third guy stands by, stroking his hardening cock as she watches this amazing show before him. He kneels down and begins to massage her beautiful tits. Jessica begins to moan at the new sensation added to the mix. He then bends down takes a nipple in his mouth and begins to suck.

About this time the third guy arches his back as he fills Jessica's mouth and throat with cum. She slurps at it, making sure not to lose a single drop. Mac is still pounding into her from behind and she gives his cock a good squeeze by flexing her pussy walls with every ounce of energy she has.

Mac pulls out and flips Jessica over as he crawls up her body. He grabs her tits and begins to fuck them with great force. Suddenly he yanks off the rubber and jams his cock in her mouth again. He grunts as he empties another load of cum in her mouth.

Jessica is enjoying the salty flavor of Mac's come as she feels her legs begin to move. She looks around Mac and sees the second guy crawling up between her legs. Without saying a word he stabs his cock deep into her soaking pussy. He begins fucking with a slow deep stroke, making sure to enjoy ever second of this. He isn't wearing a condom but Jessica doesn't even care at this point. She lays her head back and just enjoys the feeling of a good fuck.

This guy doesn't have Mac's stamina and she can feel his cock begin to pulse. His eyes roll back in his head as he forces his cock deep into her pussy. Then he explodes, filling her with his steamy seed. While she appreciates a good snack of cum, feeling that explosion deep in her pussy is fantastic. He collapses on her, taking a tit in his mouth and sucks. She runs her finger through his hair as he pants, flexing his cock again and again, trying to empty every last drop of cum into her. He pulls himself up, sliding his softening cock from her warm hole. He grins and rolls off to the side.

The third is just standing there, with a hard cock in hand. He appears unsure if he should take a turn or if he should just spank it.

"Are you a virgin?" she asks.

"Oh... uh... no... but..."

"If you aren't a virgin and you aren't gay... even if you are either one of those... there is no way you can possibly keep from fucking my pussy right now!"

He looks down at her pussy, it is clean shaven and leaking cum. The lips are swollen and pink, and they seem to be beckoning him to fuck them. He immediately drops to his knees and begins to rub the head of his cock on her pussy, smearing it with her pussy juices and the other guy's cum.

He then leans forward and slides it home. He pumps a couple times and then lays flat on top of her. He enjoys the feeling of their bodies pressed together and her firm breasts pushing back against him. She begins squeezing his cock with her pussy and he knows this isn't going to last long. He simply lays there letting her pussy milk him and it does its job perfectly. He pulls back and slams his cock home one last time as he fills her pussy with his cum.

He then falls off of her and just lays completely spent along side her on the floor. All three guys are in various states of collapse as they try to recover from their four way with this hottest of hot women. Jessica takes a few moments to enjoy the two orgasms she enjoyed during that whole process and stands up. The three guys can do nothing but stare as she stands and smooths her skirt. She fastens her blouse and just smiles at the three satisfied men.

"Good doing business Mac..." she says as she picks up the box of comics and walks out the front door.

(Author's note – This was written for Jessica. I hope she likes it!)