 I lost the competition on the course and now had to pay with following through on going into the men's locker room with just a towel on. After a quick shower in the nearly deserted club I snuck into the men's locker room. It was an opulent room, much nicer than the ladies room. I was shocked to see the 5 men lounging naked on big leather sofas in the middle of the room. I thought they'd be waiting outside to see if I'd walk in. 

One of them, a handsome corporate exec, got up and came over to me. He led me to the center of the group and told me to remove my towel. I was nervous yet turned on. I let it drop and stood in the middle of the room not sure what to do next. They did.

A man on the overstuffed chair, a muscular CEO told me to come over and suck his cock right now. Naked, I walked across the room and knelt in front of him. His cock was thick even soft, but in no time I had my lips wrapped around his large erect dick as he held my head and pumped it into my mouth. While doing so I felt hands on my ass, spreading my cheeks. A hot tongue found its way down my crack and into my asshole. His finger slid in behind his tongue and then another and another. Do you like getting fucked in the ass? He asked. Moaning I replied. "Yes!"

More hands found my breasts and yet more found my hot, wet pussy. Fingers worked their way into my pussy and ass at the same time. Meanwhile the CEO was really fucking my mouth hard. I was sucking and his throbbed and my head was pulled down by my hair as he shot his load down my throat. 

I was pulled up and planted on a waiting hard dick. It was the enormous and thick cock of a retired athlete and it filled me completely. I fucked it wildly. Another tool was shoved in my mouth and I took it in hungrily. I felt the tip of another on my ass and without hesitation he slammed it into me. My ass and pussy were fucked with such force that I thought I was going to be ripped in two. I came so hard that my legs trembled and I moaned like a wild animal. It wasn't over yet. With a cock still in my ass they rolled me over. The thick dick that had been in my mouth moved and then was buried to the hilt in my pussy. They fucked me in a syncopated rhythm that made me cum repeatedly. The dick in my mouth exploded as he pulled out and came all over my face. I ate every drop I could. 

From then on they took turns and rotated so that my holes were filled with hot meat at all times. I was full, having swallowed so many loads. All five came in my ass and also my pussy. Until they could fuck no more. Covered in cum, I lay on the ground as they watched me fuck my ass and pussy with my hands; I needed more cock!

After all of the men were satisfied and I was totally spent they took me into the shower and washed me off. They told me they would be back the following week if I wanted to play the game again and they left. With my competitive nature I would be back... 

It was a few seconds later the towel guy, a muscular 20 year old came and found me naked on a lounger. He was stunned, so I acted quickly. I had his pants down around his ankles and his cock in my mouth in no time. I deep-throated him as I massaged his asshole. I spun around and stood bent over with my ass inviting him in; he filled it. There was a knock at the door, we stopped and were quiet. A young woman was asking if anyone was there and hearing no one she came in to straighten up. 

She came around the corner and almost walked right into my face. She was on the verge of screaming. There I was bent over, naked, his hard dick all the way in my ass and she and I just stared at each other. The towel boy, somehow inspired by seeing her there, returned to pounding me. While she stood there frozen, I reached up and pulled her pants down and brought her pussy to me. Before she could protest I had my mouth on her cunt and clit under my tongue. I could see that she was trying not to give in, but soon her juices were flowing as she came again and again. Eventually, she was begging me to keep fucking her and grabbed my head and pressed me tight to her pussy. She finally had one last massive orgasm and stumbled half-naked back into a locker, cumming the whole way. Seeing this caused my 20 year old to pound my ass furiously and then shoot his load deep inside with an audible series of grunts. He slipped out of me to go around and help the other girl up. They thanked me, said they hope to see me at the club again soon and hand in hand walked out of the locker room. 

Cum dripping from my ass, I lay back onto the couch. I felt so warm and delicious. I love golf!