 "You did WHAT?" screamed Jessica staring at Steve in horror

"There's no harm in it"

"NO harm? You've shown my body off on the internet and you say there 's no harm? suppose someone we know sees them, the one of me in a dress in front of the fire OK, but the others?."

"I'm proud of your body, I WANT other guys to be jealous of me."

"Yeah, but all this wanting me to act as a slut, asking guys to write fantasies of me being a slut, just suppose I did act in real life as a slut, suppose I came on to a guy and asked him to fuck me, asked him to shoot all over my face. Imagine Steve in REAL LIFE how would you feel then?"

Steve knew exactly how he would feel and if Jessica had looked below the waist she would have been left in no doubt how he would feel.

"Look Jessica, there's no real harm done, not many will have seen your photos yet and they are only in one club, its not very likely that anyone we know will see them...and if they do its not likely to be anyone who is narrow minded, tell you what if you still feel the same way at the weekend I'll take them out, how's that."

"Well OK...provided..."

"Provided?"

"You take me out for a slap up meal tonight, I deserve it I'm not cooking so its that or starve"

"You get dressed I'll book us a table"

----------------------------------

A couple of hours later Jessica & Steve were coming to the end of a magnificent meal, the combination of good service, good food and one or two drinks too many had served to mellow Jessica.

"So Steve, has anyone written any stories about me yet?"

"I haven't had a complete story yet but an English guy got in touch wanting to know more about you so he could get started, He sent me a few other stories he has written, they aren't bad."

"Really, tell me"

"Well there's one, I'm not sure if its true or not but he says there are photos to go with it, its about the night he and his partner Karen go out with another couple and he persuades her to get up on stage in a pub and basically strip off in front of everyone.

"What just like that."

"Well it began as a Miss G String competition but he goaded her to flash more and more to be sure of winning, you have to read it."

"I will... so what do you think this English guy has in mind for me?"

"No idea but he said he was working on it now and using your photos as inspiration."

"So while we are sitting here talking he is busy gazing at me holding my pussy open and writing out how I became a slut for you"

"I suppose so yeah."

"So what else did you tell him about me?"

"Not much really, he wanted your name...I called you Jessica... age height weight that sort of thing."

"Mmmmmmm" Jessica played with the stem of her glass "He didn't want more photos of me then."

"Never asked"

"So you weren't tempted to send one of me sucking you or any of the other strong ones"

"No"

"Ill be interested to see what he comes up with...Now are you going to take me dancing?" 

20 minutes later they were in a bar, the sort where folk go to let their hair down, at one end a dj was playing his music beside a small dance area, at the opposite end was a pool table. Most of the girls were dancing while the guys played pool.

"You never answered my question earlier " she said

"Which question?"

"The one I asked when I discovered about the photos " she went on to repeat it word for word "Yeah, but all this wanting me to act as a slut, asking guys to write fantasies of me being a slut, just suppose I did act in real life as a slut, suppose I came on to a guy and asked him to fuck me, asked him to shoot all over my face. Imagine Steve in REAL LIFE how would you feel then?"

Steve stared astonished that she had remembered EXACTLY what she had asked "The truth?"

"The truth " she confirmed

"It would turn me on, just the thought of some guy holding you and kissing you, gives me a hard on never mind fucking you and covering you in spunk"

"Are you sure, you sure you wouldn't hold it against me the next day?"

"Quite sure " said Steve not sure where this was taking them

"Stay there, I'm going to watch some pool."

With that she strolled away her hips swaying sensually as she walked.

Reaching the pool area Steve still had a perfect view of her, she hoisted herself onto a high stool and crossed her legs, her thighs coming more into view.

There was a doubles game going on with about three young healthy looking guys watching, more than one player ruined his shot watching her legs as she swayed her ankles to the music from the far end of the bar

The game ended and Steve saw her say something to the winners. One nodded and the other handed her his pool cue. She jumped off the stool and straightened her skirt.

She played first,her shot destroying the triangular pattern but without scoring. The next guy played and potted two then it was Jessica's turn again.

The cue ball was in the middle of the table presenting a problem for Jessica standing only 5'4", She solved it by placing a chair behind her and kneeling over the edge of the table to take her shot, Steve noticed her skirt riding up to reveal her thighs up to the cheeks of her bum.

Steve wasnt alone in noticing, every guy around the table found a reason to move around to get a better view. If Steve hadnt seen her dressing and seen her slip into the tiny thong he would have thought she was wearing no underwear, the thought clearly occured to others. One guy moved to help her down and she jumped into his arms, as she slipped to the ground her dress rose up revealing that she was after all wearing a skimpy piece of material, it was revealed,that is, to anyone immediately behind her and to her catchers thighs, everyone around her got a side view which still left them thinking that she had no underwear on, she stayed a little longer in the guys arms than steve had expected from his wife who was usually shy with strangers. they were clearly talking and she nodded, whispered something in his ear and kissed him lightly on the lips.

Suddenly she was walking towards Steve having handed the cue to another guy to take her next play. Well if that little show was going to satisfy his need for her to act the slut she was going to be disappointed he thought.

She didnt actually come up to him, just gestured with her eyes and veered off to the left and into the ladies. He waited near the door. In two minutes she was back "Well Steve are you STILL sure you want your wife to be a slut."

"Still sure " He nodded

"No matter HOW sluttish you wont hold it against me?"

Again he nodded

"OK" she sighed "you asked for it", as she spoke she pressed a small ball of material into his hand and walked back towards the table

He opened his hand, her thong still warm and damp lay in the palm.

Before she reached the table the guy who had caught her walked in her direction, she stopped held out her hand and the two of them set off for the far end of the room and the disco where there were many more people and much dimmer lights.

They fought their way onto the crowded dance floor and began swaying to the beat, It was so busy that they were pressed tightly together, not a fact that's seemed to worry either of them much.

His arm kept going to her waist as he leant to say something or to hear her reply, then Steve noticed it was on her hip, seconds later it was on the curve of her bottom. Her bottom which was covered only with the material of her short dress

Steve had been so engrossed with watching the guys hand on his wife that it took a moment or two to realise that Jessica's hand had been even more adventurous. As he watched he saw that the hand concealed from him was stroking the guys thigh as they tried to dance in the crowd. He stared,he could have sworn that a finger tip grazed over the crotch for a second or two.

After a couple of songs they gave up the effort, they walked to the bar where the guy bought them both a drink before guiding her to an alcove well away from the main throng

The alcove contained a table and a small double seat, It was really designed for one plum p person, when they were both sitting in it their bodies were pressed tight together.

Which apparently was why they had chosen it for, as Steve watched they turned their faces together and began kissing, Jessica was facing Steve and her eyes opened in a questioning sort of way, steve grinned and nodded. Jessica's eyes closed and her mouth opened wide to receive the guys tongue,

In a few seconds the guys hand moved to her right tit, it paused giving her a chance to object, when no objection came a finger slipped down the top of the strapless dress clearly stimulating a nipple.

Jessica's left hand was on the guys lap and as Steve watched he could see the fingers squeezing as they followed the outline of his growing cock 

The top of her dress had now slipped and the mans hand was clearly visible squeezing her breast. She made no attempt to cover herself. Instead her fingers moved to the top of his zip and began sliding it down, then her hand slipped inside and Steve could see the shape of her hand playing with this strangers cock in a way he knew only too well.

He stopped kissing and whispered something in her ear, She nodded enthusiastically and they stood up brushing past Steve as they walked towards the car park, this time with their arms around each other.

Steve paused a moment or two before going out after them, it took a couple of seconds for his eyes to adjust to the dark

He found them just beside his car. The guys shirt was hanging off the aerial and his white skin stood out which helped, for otherwise Steve would have missed the fact that his trousers were around his ankles and Jessica was kneeling in front of him with his cock deep in her mouth.

She was staying quite still and letting the guy fuck her mouth. with steve she preferred to do the moving but she must have sensed that the guy wouldnt last long and decided to get the first climax out of the way quickly. Steve knew that her tongue would be working overtime in stimulating every nerve in his dick

Sure enough he quickly gave out a groan and she held his ass tight to her as she gulped it down the back of her throat. As he pulled away Steve thought that was it, boy was he wrong. His shy timid wife made him lean against the car as she slowly...oh so slowly went into a strip tease for him. Taking an age in removing the chain around her waist before placing it around his neck.

Slowly she slipped the top of her dress down slowly revealing her hard nipples and perfectly formed breasts, unusually large for an asian

As the dress reached her waist she stood a little on tip toe to tug it over her hips and suddenly other than ankle boots Jessica was naked in the middle of a car park with a total stranger. A stranger who suddenly had his second erection of the last 20 minutes

Jessica turned and bending at the waist put her hand s on the car to steady herself.The guy needed no 2nd invitation. In a second his stiff cock had rammed its way deep inside her hot tight pussy.

Instantly she screamed whether because of his size or the sheer eroticism of the situation Steve didn't know..or care his cock was urgently in need of attention itself.

"Fuck me, Fuck my cunt " she yelled "Cum deep inside me."

That was something that hadn't occurred to Steve the guy was wearing no protection, clearly a true slut didn't give a shit!! 

The guy rammed hard and deep inside her. Steve had come and was getting hard again by the time the guy shot his load deep inside her.

They paused for a minute then she whispered in his ear, he looked at her, she nodded and held four fingers up, she nodded again emphatically this time FOUR

The guy pulled his trousers up and threw on his shirt and ambled back to the bar Steve began making his way towards her She stopped him "I thought you wanted a slut, not someone who has a quicky in a car park, hell I do that every time I go out with the girls if that's all you want!!!"

Steve stared in amazement, she had never hinted at anything like that.

Just as he got back to his observation point the guy returned with four of his friends from the pool table. Jessica stood out in the open to meet them and so that they could all see her naked.

This time she stayed in the open. "Ok guys lets see what I am going to get " she parted her thighs and thrust a hand between them to start playing with herself as five zips were lowered and five cocks emerged, four were hard and the guy who had come twice was well on the way. 

Marie examined them all and selecting the hardest she got him to lie on his back, She crouched over him and reached behind to open her ass and slowly sat on him, once he was impaled then she leant back and pointed to another, he came and knelt between her thighs and slid his cock into her hot sticky and leaking pussy.

Two of the other guys she got either side of her and placed a hand around each cock, her friend from earlier took the only remaining position at her head and surrendered his cock to the tender mercies of her mouth for the second time tonight

Steve was hard yet again as he watched Jessica disappear in the mass of male flesh, she became a fuck machine, virtually unable to move just allowing her body to be used as these guys used her to wank onto and into

One of the guys in her hand came first shooting over her tits and neck that set the other one away with a spray over her stomach and tits By the way she was bouncing between the guy in her ass and the one in her pussy it was difficult to tell which of them came next but the last was the original guy, she pulled him out at the instant that he came and allowed him to shoot in her hair eyes nose and mouth.

Slowly they all pulled apart and almost sheepishly they disappeared back into the bar leaving her lying there.

Steve hurried over, "Still like me being a slut?" she said then " Oh I can see you do..good cos I've promised to come back next week, there's a pool competition, three times the number of guys"

She climbed into the car naked 

Steve offered her a tissue to wipe herself, she refused " I thought you might like to photograph me like this to send to your friend in England to inspire him with his story."