 --- Week 1 -- Wednesday ---

Arriving home, I needed some time till my brain started working again. I had a hard time processing everything that had happened. The arrogance and casualness with which D-Rod had showed me up in the strip mall left me totally aghast. Even more, I was shocked about myself for letting it happen all too easily! 

It felt like I had crossed a line and couldn't go back. I sensed that I was losing any kind of grip on the situation. I had to do something about it, or it would be too late! I couldn't wait any longer to make a move! 

In the evening, I poured myself a glass of wine to calm my nerves. My thoughts were running wild inside my head. I needed two glasses until I felt the tension easing. I had always been the clever one. I would find a solution, and I would find it quickly. 

--- Week 1 -- Thursday ---

The next day, I received a text message from D-Rod before leaving my house. He wasn't slowing down at all! Instead, he gave me specific orders about an outfit I had to bring to work. He wanted me to cram my purse with a crop top, cut-off hot pants, a bikini, and a matching pair of heels.

Reading the text made me bristle with anger. I didn't like the way he was ordering me around. It brought me to the brink of refusing. But I had sworn to make my move today and had to be smart about it. It wouldn't help to piss off D-Rod from the start. So in the end, I complied. 

I stuffed a white, thin belly top and a pair of self-cropped, ripped, denim hot pants into my handbag. Then I went through my closet looking for the right bikini. I couldn't reuse the skimpy red one I had worn when I had met D-Rod. He wanted to see something new - something that looked just as skimpy. 

However, I had only one bikini that met the criteria which I had bought on a shopping binge during a vacation with Nate to spice up our sex life. After the vacation, though, I had never worn it again as it looked far too saucy for my taste. 

It was a golden chain bikini. The top had a triangle form with a golden front o-ring that held the two cups together right between my titties. The halter ties were made of two golden chains while the bikini bottom had two thick gold chains as side straps. The triangle cups and bikini bottom were colored in a flashy, metallic gold with silver swirl details making the bikini shimmer strikingly in the sun light. The matching heels were a pair of shimmery golden sandals with 4" heels and intertwining golden straps. 

The bikini-heels-combo was a real eye catcher making me look like a total attention seeker. At least, I didn't have to wear this skimpy outfit at work. That was the only thing that calmed me down a bit. It wouldn't do much harm, right? None of my colleagues would see it, right?

Arriving at work, I left the golden heels in my car and took the purse with me. Entering my office, I received another text message from the young Latino. He instructed me to put my purse down right next to my desk and open the zipper. This way, the handbag was prominently displayed in my office. It had to catch everybody's eye when stepping into my office! Everybody had to see the saucy garments when taking a closer look! 

My subordinates could actually find out that I possessed such slinky clothes. The sheer thought made me bristle with rage. There weren't many things more important to me than my reputation. Once again, D-Rod knew exactly how to keep me on edge. All the time during work, I couldn't stop peeking over to the open handbag. It was a constant reminder of D-Rod's dominance, and it made me nervous as hell.

Before lunch, I met with Bill, one of my older subordinates, to discuss a current project. As usual, I had scheduled the meeting in my office to save time. This time, however, I deeply regretted the decision. I couldn't concentrate on the conversation at all. While listening to Bill's elaborations, my eyes kept roaming over to my purse time and time again. That was quite dumb as it only called his attention. Of course, Bill became interested in the handbag and began closely checking it out! 

I was so antsy, I can't even describe! Each time Bill mustered my purse, I was close to jumping up and closing it once and for all. I had to bring up all my will-power to stop myself. I felt sweat gathering on my forehead, and I'm quite certain that it didn't remain unnoticed. I thought I had reached the peak of my nervousness when I finally closed the meeting.

But I had been wrong. After lunch, my jumpiness increased with every passing hour. I started thinking about the impending after work party. What had D-Rod planned for the day? Why did he want me to wear a bikini?

An hour before quitting time, I couldn't keep myself from endlessly pacing through my office until I finally received a text message from my young intern. He told me to put my outfit on and drive to his house. He would meet me there. With a sigh, I shut down my computer. The time had come. I was about to give up any kind of control over myself for a third time. 

Once again, I found myself in the ladies' room staring at myself in the mirror. I had changed my outfit in one of the stalls. Now, I was wearing the tight, white crop top with thin straps and the short denim hot pants. The white top was so thin that the flimsy gold metallic bikini with its golden chains showed through. The self-cropped hot pants were so short that the front pockets were visible. I had still been in college the last time I had worn them and never expected to put them on again.

The moment, I had put on the clothes, any feeling of power left me. I didn't feel like the staid, respected business lady anymore but rather like an easy slut flaunting her assets. The tiny, white crop top left my flat tummy and cute belly button exposed, the hot pants slid up exposing the lower curve of my ass cheeks with every careless move, and my smooth tanned legs were on full display.

The moment I opened the door, I almost bumped into Ortega. I heard him talking to someone over the cell phone while he was coming down the hallway. I instantly froze in the door. He couldn't see me like that! It would be just what he was waiting for! He wouldn't let this indecency slide. He would use it to his advantage. 

While my legs were paralyzed with horror, my heart was beating like the wings of a humming bird. Ortega was coming dangerously close. He was still occupied with his call, but a few more steps, and he would be standing next to me. He couldn't pass without noticing me!

The last second, I broke free from my rigor and slammed the door shut. Of course, the loud bang didn't stay unnoticed. I was leaning with my back against the door, breathing heavily, when I heard Ortega knocking.

"Everything OK in there?" He asked with concern.

I almost screamed for him to leave but stopped myself. I was so tense I almost fainted. All I could do was to wait. Ortega knocked a few more times before he gave up and left. Phew! That had been close!

I didn't dare stepping out of the ladies' room after that scene. O'Bannon, the CEO, was still working in his office. I couldn't risk running into him. Just as well, I could directly hand over my letter of dismissal! So I remained in the ladies' room, nervously shifting from one foot to the other, while listening to the noises from the hallway. I knew I risked being late to D-Rod's after work party and making him angry. But I was too afraid to move.

I only had to wait 15 minutes before I heard footsteps on the hallway. Still, it seemed like ages. When the footsteps had passed, I waited another five minutes to make sure that the CEO had left the building. Not before that, I opened the door.

With the hallway cleared, I rushed down the stairs so fast I almost stumbled. I didn't have the nerve to pause. I held my breath until I was sitting in my car. The parking lot was empty. No one had seen me. I felt like I had aged years in a couple of minutes, though. 

A good half-hour too late, I arrived in front of D-Rod's house. There was no one sitting on the front porch this time. After putting on the high-heeled golden sandals, I walked to the door and knocked. But no one opened. For a few moments, I stood there totally clueless. Then I saw D-Rod coming around the house from the backyard. I was almost relieved to see him. I didn't want to walk this rough ghetto neighborhood without him at my side. 

"Ya too late, biatch!" The Latino remarked.

"I'm sorry, Sir Da-Rod!" I apologized, instantly falling into a submissive demeanor. "I had to wait until everyone was gone."

"Oh que dice, Mrs. Powers?" He sneered sarcastically. "What a weak excuse. It's disappointin' but unsurprisin'. Can't expect too much of such a stupid biatch, right? "

"I promised my vatos a helluva time wit my hot coug. Don't disappoint me again! Be a good cum bucket for dem!" He added, making me gulp at his blatant threat. 

"Ya misbehaved, cha gotta make up for it." He stated uncompromisingly. "Show me ya followed my instructions, fuckdoll!" 

The young Latino stood there in his baggy pants and white tank top, showing off his tattooed, muscular arms. He folded them in front of his chest in the most arrogant way, waiting for me to react. Looking at him in disbelief, I felt a rush of blood to my head. Did he really expect me to strip off my clothes and present the tiny, flashy bikini right here in front of his house?

Of course, he was serious about it! And I didn't even doubt him carrying it through for a second. The way he had growled the word 'fuckdoll' was enough to convince me of that. It also told me that I had totally forgotten his 'after work rules'. I had to call myself in this degrading way or risk to further infuriate him!

"Sorry, sir!..." I stammered while feeling all browbeaten. "Your fuckdoll is sorry for disappointing you, Sir Da-Rod!"

Gosh! I hated addressing him with his ridiculous moniker. However, I had to admit that I was impressed by his uncompromising attitude once again. There was no discussion, no hesitation, no indecisiveness. The odd feeling of resignation and simultaneous fascination with my powerlessness hit me with full force again. During the last days, I had been forced to realize that these kind of dominant commands triggered something inside of me, something I didn't know, something I couldn't accept. 

Last night, I hadn't been able to stop pondering a single question. Why in hell did the rude but consequent way of D-Rod ordering me around make me behave so submissively? Of course, he had me over the barrel. But that wasn't enough of an explanation. Why did his crude treatment cause me to give up all my inner resistance? Why did I give up my anger so easily? Every time this arrogant macho thug raised his voice, the proud boss turned into a docile kitten. I felt the boundless humiliation each and every time but dutifully presented my posterior nonetheless.

"When I tell ya sumfin', ya bust cha ass to comply! Geddit, Miss Tease?" D-Rod reminded me in calm but harsh words.

There it was again! D-Rod's clear, hard order had the same effect as ever, getting me moving. I couldn't stop it. Something inside of me led my hands to my white crop top. I grabbed the lower edge and lifted it up over my tits showing him my ample juggs nicely filling out the tiny, gold metallic bikini. The white top pressing down onto my soft flesh mounds caused my tit meat to bulge, and the golden front o-ring granted him a perfect view in between my deep, juicy tit canyon.

I let the thin top go and reached down to my self-cropped hot pants with trembling hands. Opening the button, I let it slide down to the ground revealing my gold metallic bikini bottom. I was standing on the front lawn of D-Rod's dingy house in a rough ghetto neighborhood, turning a pirouette to present my flimsy bikini, while I was getting inspected by my young intern with an infinite arrogance on his face. The fact that I was doing it without any protest only aggravated the degradation. 

"Bien!" The rude Latino finally remarked. "Now, show me dat cunt's fuckable!"

I gasped at this instruction and hesitated but didn't really resist. Grabbing my flimsy bikini bottom with my right hand, I pulled it to the side showing D-Rod my pussy. It was completely shaved just as he liked it. But it wasn't enough for him. Instead, he made me push my cunt lips apart with my left hand to show off my pink cunt meat. Making me present my pussy in open daylight was another relentless humiliation and made me tremble uncontrollably. My nervousness was palpable. By contrast, D-Rod's joy was just as evident. He let me stand there with my legs spread and my pussy exposed for ages. 

HOOT-HOOT

"Yum! Whatta barrio booty!" "Whoohoo! Whatta fine-ass hoodrat!"

I heard a car honking and guys hollering in my back. I couldn't see it, but a car drove by. D-Rod waved at them with a triumphant grin on his face. I felt the urge to turn around to check it out but stopped myself. I couldn't let them see my shaved pussy! Letting them ogle my naked butt was bad enough. Heck! I can't even describe the bottomless shame I felt. My face was so hot and red it was almost boiling. 

"Guess ya gettin' a reputation 'round here, Miss Tease." D-Rod commented on the catcalls. "Bet cha like bein' the big booty hoodrat 'round here, huh?"

To my intern's delight, his remark only deepened the crimson color on my face, making me look onto the ground in shame. Even with the car gone, D-Rod didn't let me move. I had to remain standing on the front lawn in my golden heels for a time that felt like an eternity. A time, the dirty macho used to fully let me feel the embarrassment. He punished me for my misbehavior by letting me present my shaved pussy in public, as if it was the most natural thing in the world. 

"Time to have sum fun!" My intern finally exclaimed.

Without another look at me, he turned around and walked down the driveway to his backyard. He simply left me standing in the front yard. He had made his point, and I had learned my lesson. I wouldn't misbehave again - another reason why I had to quickly make my move. A few more days, and he would have bent my will completely. I would bow to each and every order without fuss or quibble.

Before another car passed by, I hastily grabbed the hot pants from the ground and pulled them back up my legs. Then I rearranged my white crop top and followed the young Latino.

Walking to the backyard, my heart was thumping like mad. I was greeted by D-Rod's three housemates. They were drinking beers and eating steaks. Finally, they introduced themselves to me. The skinny guy with the goatee and bald head was called Flaco. He was wearing a white tee three sizes too big and low-ride khakis. The bare-chested guy with a bandana around his forehead and big time tattoos on his chest was called Garza. He was almost as short as me but stout and bullnecked. The guy with a three-day stubble and sideways hat was called Lucho. He was a real musclehead looking like some kind of wrestler. He was wearing a black basketball jersey, black baggy shorts and white knee-high socks. 

All in all, they tried hard to look as gangster as possible with their multiple tattoos and angry faces. I noticed that each of them had the same tattoo as D-Rod on their upper arms. The letters 'LGZ' in old English lettering. They told me that it was the symbol for their gang 'Loz Gandallazzz'. Apparently, they were members of a real gang which intimidated me even more.

"Welcome Miss Tease to our lil barbecue!" D-Rod introduced me. "Dis lil hussy applied to be our entertainment tonite."

The way my intern twisted the facts got me as angry as agitated. I definitely hadn't applied for this! His wording added insult to injury but also told me that I was in for a hell of a ride. It made my stomach cramp and have butterflies at the same time.

"Dis fuckdoll wants to become our gang hoe!" He continued. "But dat's all on ya, eses. Ya gonna be dem judges decidin' if she's good enuff to be a real barrio hoodrat!"

Gawd! How cocky can you be? My intern wanted to turn his proud, powerful boss into the new gang slut. His insolence made me fume with rage although my anger seemed a bit out of place. After all, I was standing in his backyard clad in a revealing belly top, teeny hot pants, and shimmering golden high heels. Nonetheless, I stuck out my lips in a pout as the three guys gave each other a smile. I could see some lust developing in their eyes. 

"Cha betta convince 'em! Cuz for each vote, I'ma gonna delete a pic." D-Rod told me when turning his attention back to me. 

He then pointed to a hose and bucket that he had prepared before motioning at his car that was standing at the back of the driveway close to the back patio. The task was clear. He wanted me to wash his old, rusty four-door car, and his buddies would judge if I acted sexily enough.

My shoulders slumped when I realized that I would do it without hesitation. The prospect of getting three pictures deleted was just too enticing. I was disappointed in myself, but the chances outweighed the humiliation. At least, it was all happening in the safe setting of D-Rod's backyard and not in a public strip mall.

I grabbed the bucket full of water and walked over to my intern's car. The four Latinos didn't even pretend to look elsewhere. I felt four pairs of eyes blatantly ogling my backside as I started spraying down the vehicle with water from the hose. 

The water sprayed forcefully from the hose and some occasional splashes landed on my white top, instantly causing a see-through spot. The water was so cool that it made my nipples protrude and poke through the flimsy material. The mist from the hose started slowly drenching my clothes making my golden bikini top and thin crop shirt stick together revealingly. 

I'm only 5'4" tall so I had to bend over quite a bit to reach the middle of the hood when I started rubbing it down with a soapy sponge. Bending forward, I felt my denim hot pants sliding up letting my butt cheeks peek out. Every time I had to dunk the sponge into the bucket, I had to bend deep down to the ground causing my hot pants to slide up high enough to expose my complete buns. This was accompanied by the guys' hollers. Shit! Their dirty catcalls automatically caused me to spin my ass in circles. 

I heard the four guys discussing my backside that I presented so eagerly to them. They couldn't agree upon how to call my ass, wavering between 'phat barrio booty', 'knockout ass', 'bubble butt', and 'bomb-ass moneymaker'. None of them sounded particularly enticing to me, though. 

"Bettah remember all dem names, Miss Tease. Cuz dat's how ya gonna call dat ass from now on." D-Rod told me to my indignation. 

After rubbing down the right side of the hood, I walked around the vehicle to clean the left side. This way, I had to present my drenched front to the Latinos. By now, I was sweating from the effort which only added to the soaked state of my clothes. The white crop top and metallic gold bikini top were so wet they tightly clung to my tits and emphasized my voluptuous curves. Bending forward, the Latinos got a perfect view of my ample juggs. My nipples were so hard they looked like they were about to cut their way through the thin, white top.

I tried to concentrate on the task at hand, but their dirty talk had an effect on me. Being on display in such a slutty way didn't help either. It triggered my exhibitionistic side, and I felt my juices stirring in my loins. 

Finished with the car's hood, I turned around and received a round of applause which caused a jolt of pride in my pussy. Why the hell did I feel flattered by this? I should have felt disgusted!

"Good start, lil hussy!" D-Rod spoke up. "But it's not me to decide." 

"Time for da votes, eses!" He addressed his three buddies. "Dis hot coug got what it takes to be our nu barrio hoodrat or not? Ya decide!"
