 I have a friend who, since her first orgasm, has never been able to get enough. In some ways, I'm a lot like her. Since the first moment I had a cock slide into me, I knew that sex was something that I was going to want a lot more of. Jessica is much more adventurous than I am though, and while we've both had more than our share of dick, she's also sampled a little bit of everything else. I could only be in awe of her until recently.

Back when I had my first apartment, Jess used to drop by a lot. She'd come over just to hang out and watch TV or have a few drinks. At that time, I had no idea that she was bisexual, and maybe she didn't either. I do remember one visit that I see in a completely different light now that I know that she's been with women.

Jess came by unexpectedly in the middle of the day. She'd just been shopping, she said, and she wanted my opinion on something. She had been married for about a year, and she bought some new lingerie to wear for her husband. I didn't think anything of it,, and she went to change in the bathroom.

The bathroom was off my bedroom so that you had to go through the bedroom to get to it. There was a large mirror with a light above it right outside the bathroom so that you could do whatever you needed to do with more light and space.

Jess came out of my bathroom wearing some tiny panties with a teddy-style top. Over the top was a see-through cover, and it didn't cover much. She did a spin for me and asked what I thought. I told her that it really looked good, which it did.

Jess has a great body. She's about 5'5" with a little waist, pretty ass, B cup tits, and long blonde hair. I didn't have to stretch the truth in the least when I told her that she looked hot. Jess suggested that since we were about the same size that I should try the outfit on too.

I honestly--and naively--thought nothing unusual of the whole situation. Jessica was by best friend since we were both 11, so we'd seen each other completely naked plenty of times. This is why when Jess made the suggestion, I decided to go ahead and try on the naughties myself. I had a steady boyfriend at the time, and I figured the lingerie was something that he'd appreciate too.

I went and changed, and when I came out of the bathroom and looked in the mirror, I was surprised at how well everything fit. Jess raved. She said that my C cup tits filled out the top nicely. We both giggled and cut up a little, and that was that. Nothing ever happened between us, but thinking about that day never fails to make my pussy wet, because I know that it would only have taken a bit of a nudge from her for me to understand what was really going on. I fantasize often about what we might have done.

My point here is that Jess is into just about anything sexual. She's had men and women, one-on-one and at the same time. She tells me about all of these experiences, so I have plenty of fantasy material for my frequent masturbation sessions.

Jess has since gotten divorced, and she recently called me to ask if I'd be interested in going to a fuck party. She's been talking online to a group of people for quite a while, and they were all ready to get together for a big bang. I was reluctant, but when she told me that it would be OK if I just went to watch, I said that I was in. It turned out that this party was going to be in a big hotel suite. I met Jess at her place and we went from there.

We both dressed suggestively, Jess more so than I since she was going to be a participant. She wore a black satin thong and bra (I watched her get dressed) with a black leather mini and loose-fitting silk blouse. I didn't bother with panties myself. I figured that since I would just sit back and watch that I was definitely going to need quick, easy access. I also chose a mini, but mine was elastic at the waist for the same reason I just mentioned. My bra buckled in the front, and my button-down blouse was very low-cut.

When we got to the suite, we called the room phone to get in, and a gorgeous, muscled man of about 35 answered the door. I was surprised at the quality of this guy. I had pegged this type of person as sort of sleazy. I was mostly wrong. Once we entered the room, we found about 20 people in various states of engagement. None of them were bad-looking at all. There were more women than men, but not by much. That surprised me too. I looked around and saw people kissing, men sucking nipples, women sucking nipples, and a copule of cocks already out and at attention. I was quickly getting wet just watching, and I still had all night left to go.

Jess introduced me to the man at the door, but that was about it, because everyone was occupied. His name was Mark, and he asked if I'd like a drink. He brought me a pina colada from the bar. I took it and found a comfy cushioned armchair to relax in. Jessica, meanwhile, had gone to sit on a sofa next to a very sexy man who had his tongue in another woman's mouth. Apparently they were all friendly, because the woman reached over and started running her hand up and down Jess's arm while Jess licked the guy's earlobe. No one was undressed in the group, so I turned my attention to others.

On another sofa across from Jess was a couple that was already half naked. The man had slipped the woman's strapless halter top under her plump breasts and was licking and sucking at her nipples while his finger worked her pussy. From my vantage point about six feet away, I could tell how wet she was from the squishing sounds as he thrust his fingers in and out of her cunt under her panties. She was running his cock through her fist, and he was a big fella, probably eight inches long and two and a half thick. Both of them were grunting like animals.

I watched as the man half turned her around, took down her panties, and spread some of her juices back to her asshole. He rubbed around her opening, teasing her, then slid his middle finger into her ass. She groaned. He finger-fucked her ass for a minute or so. Then he got down on his knees on the floor behind her and proceeded to lick her juices from her ass. He slipped his tongue down to her pussy and shoved it straight into her cunt. She let out a moan-gasp. He began to flick his tongue in, out, and around her hole at double speed. She must have loved it, because she was dripping juices all over his face.

By this time, I had my blouse open and was pinching my right nipple with my left hand. My right hand was down my skirt working my clit. That couple on the sofa had me so hot that I was soaking a wet spot into the chair. I had been paying so much attention to them that I hadn't noticed that Jess and her friends had moved to the floor. All of them were naked now, so I turned my attention back to them.

Jess and her lady friend were in a 69 position with Jess on top. The guy was helping Jess with the woman's pussy, he and Jess occasionally kissing and sharing her juices. I heard Jess say that she wanted to watch him fuck the woman. The guy got on his knees, and Jess sucked his cock until it was wet with her saliva, not that extra lube was necessary. Then Jess spread the woman's pussy lips apart, fully exposing her cunt the the man. Jess looked straight at me, locking eyes with me as she lowered her tongue to the woman's clit. The man slid his cock deep into the woman on the first thrust, and she moaned loudly. He started fucking her hard while Jess licked and sucked her clit.

Jess was still staring me down. From where she was, she could probably see my fingers working my pussy under my skirt. I wanted to put on a show for her. I hiked my skirt up my thighs so that my cunt was fully showing. I opened up my blouse so that my tits were visible. Then I shoved my fingers into my cunt and slicked them up. I brought them up to my nipples and rubbed my pussy juice into them. Jess grinned like the Cheshire cat.

She got up from her trio and kissed the man full on the lips, her tongue darting into his mouth. Then she whispered something in his ear and crawled over to me. She put her face just above my pussy and inhaled. Then she looked into my eyes and raised up on her knees. She started to pinch and rub her nipples. I followed her lead and did the same. The man had come up behind her and reached around to fondle her tits. Then Jess licked her lips and shoved her face into my mound.

I groaned as she licked me from hole to clit and back again. I was finally getting my pussy eaten by a woman and getting a hell of a show at the same time. The man was rubbing his cock between Jess's ass cheeks, up and down, and it was slick with her wetness. Jess flicked my clit rapidly as the man put his finger up her ass. The other woman, I guess feeling left out, came around to my side and bent over to suck my nipples into her mouth. I reached under her and fingered her clit. It was surprisingly easy to find. Now I was in it and loving it. The man shoved his fat cock up Jessica's ass, and she went at my pussy like a mad woman. I was very ready to cum, so I shoved three fingers into the other woman's cunt and fingered her clit with my thumb. She came in about five seconds, yelling for me to fuck her harder. I was right behind her, grunting out my orgasm with Jess's fingers up my hole. Jess continued to lick me until I had to stop her. Then I watched as the man put his fingers into her pussy as he fucked her up the ass. He slammed her hard and deep, then she moaned that she was cumming. She had what looked like a phenomenal orgasm. Her cunt muscles gripping his cock must have triggered his orgasm too, because just after that he pulled out of her ass and shot his load all over her back. Once his balls were empty, he licked his cum off of her. We all collapsed into a heap from satisfaction.

That night, I got to watch a whole lot of fucking, and I was able to pick and choose who and what I wanted to do. Not many people were left out once I got a taste of the whole idea though. As none of the men were gay, just about the only thing missing was a male-male ass fuck. I did, though, get to see a man sucking a woman's juices off of another man's cock. I came from watching them while getting my pussy fucked from behind. I came many times, in fact. I've never been happier to have a best friend like Jess.