 I'd recently received my Master in Education and a position as instructor at a small liberal arts college in southwest Virginia. I was so excited to have landed a college job so soon after graduation that I spent the entire summer dedicating myself to getting ready. I went to the college at my first opportunity and found a small house close to the campus that I could afford. I met with the Department head and picked up all the information I needed to complete lesson plans and design my approach to the Literature 101. Yes, I'd be instructing freshmen but the idea of being on a college campus was so exciting nothing could sway me from the joy of it all.

Late in August I made the move to my little house near campus, furnished it sparingly then filled the cabinets with all the staples and the refrigerator and freezer with food. I was a little concerned about the age difference trying to teach students only a few years my junior, I hoped I had what it took to earn their respect. I knew that most of the boys in the class would burn holes thru me as I will only admit I am fairly pretty. I am five foot 7 inches tall, slender where I should be and curvy where it counts. I have a natural DD cup, no surgery needed and nipples that have a mind of their own, often popping up at the worst possible moment. Fortunately I have learned to dress conservatively frustrating those pesky nips, but my long silky hair and cute face always had men stretching their necks and bulging their eyes. At least I'll have their attention and will only have to wean them onto literature.

The girls in the class would all hate me because the boys would be staring but they'd come around in short order and with any luck by mid-term all those kinks should be worked out. Needless to say the first few days tested my resolve as the guys stared hard and the girls ignored me. Using a lot of tact and class I managed to deflect both emotional responses and in all three of my classes things were progressing nicely. I truly felt I had the attention in the right way and that they were learning.

Finishing the first term I reviewed final exam grades and produced semester grades for all of my classes. I had managed to obtain a relatively normal bell curve with a few almost failing and a few almost perfect and the rest floating in the middle. During my review with my department head I received a good rating and a list of ideas I could use to improve. Returning home to spend the holidays with family I could not have been happier. I was so eager to get back to my job that I left a few days earlier then I needed to. The college teams had some basketball games and I wanted to involve myself as much as possible in the school, find the spirit I knew I had when I was in college and become a true part of this small college.

The girl's basketball coach and I had become somewhat friendly during the first term and seeing me at the game she invited me to her house for an after the game party. She said that it would be her the team and other guests of the team and she could use help controlling the crowd as she was sure they'd win tonight's game and everyone would be all excited and wild. Having nothing to do and wanting to embrace the school I accepted then watched as our girls basketball team destroyed their opponent. I waited for the coach outside the locker room and understood what she'd meant. The girls were hooting and hollering, laughing and talking trash so loud you could easily hear it in the hall. I winced at some of the trash talk that flowed out but understood that this was what athletes did to let off some steam. Soon the coach came out then hollered back into the locker room.

"First come first serve ladies, if you're late you might not eat. So shake a leg, I expect you all at my house in a half hour."

Grabbing my arm she steered me out of the gym to the parking lot and said.

"Jessica just follow me, I have to stop and pick up some beer and could use your help."

I nodded and got in my car wondering how different this seemed from my days as a student. I don't ever recall any coach or professor offering to buy beer for a bunch of students. I did know of a number of professors, both male and female who tried to buy me drinks and get me into the sack, but as a group never. I was OK with it and looked forward to getting to know some of the girls out of the classroom. I recognized at least one of them had been in my Lit 101 course.

I helped the coach set up the food and beer and then stood by as the team and their guests filtered into the house. I spent the first hour or so meeting the girls and their boyfriends or roommates and lost track of how much beer I'd consumed. Feeling as maybe I'd drank too much too soon I elected to go outside. I found my way to the backyard for some fresh air. Coach had a nice yard with a table and some chairs and I sat and stared at the stars. It was amazing out here in the country how many stars were visible. Lost in my thoughts and feeling a little drunk I failed to see the man who sat with me at the table until he waved his hand in front of my face.

"Oh, sorry I was so into the sky and all the stars I guess I didn't hear you, I'm Jessica."

"Wow, you were really zoned out for a bit. I'm Jim, pleased to meet you"

I can't recall the details of our conversation other then it was typical of small talk but I do recall what happened when I got up to go back in.

"I'm OK Jim."

I'd staggered a bit and Jim had jumped up and grabbed me by my shoulders keeping me from falling.

"Yeah right, let me take you in the back door and slip you into one of coach's bedrooms so you can sleep this off a bit. I'm sure you don't want to have some of your students see you tipsy."

He made a lot of sense, or at least as I was capable of interpreting good sense. I was more then tipsy. I let him lead me into the spare room and he guided me to the bed. Jim was a good-looking guy and given how well he'd assisted me I figured he was a nice guy too so I said.

"I'd really like some company for a bit Jim, do you mind sitting here with me maybe chatting a bit?"

"Sure, Jessica. Why don't you slip off your shoes and lay down."

I did and once I was settled Jim came to the bed and sat on the edge next to me and patted my arm.

"I've been there Jessica and you'll be good as new in a couple of hours. Just relax."

Then he bent down and kissed me. Maybe it was the beer, maybe it was how good he smelled, or maybe it was the empty months without a date but when he kissed me I returned the kiss. It was so intense as his tongue slid into my mouth to dance with mine that never wanted that kiss to end. He lay down next to me and soon our bodies were just as tangled as our lips. I was getting wet and knew that if Jim continued he'd have all I had to offer. When his hand slid up my chest and fingered the buttons of my blouse my whole body shuddered with anticipation. He made quick work of the buttons and when he got his first glimpse of me bra-encased tits he whistled.

"See something you like Jim?"

I said as my own hand went in search of something on him that might have grown in the past few minutes.

"Wow, Jessica your tits are immense."

He popped the clasp of my bra allowing my tits to spring out and he quickly moved his lips to my nipples. Of course they were already erect and as he sucked them into his mouth the ache he caused traveled right to my cunt. I had succeeded in my hunt and my hand was doing its best to free his cock. Finally loosening his pants enough I was able to push them and his jockeys down and off his legs freeing his hard ready cock. My hand grasped his rod and I loved the feel of his throbbing cock as I slid my hand up and down. The veins popping from the sides and the slight curve of his meat had both of my lips drooling. Thankfully Jim's hands had rid me of my skirt and panties and I let me legs splay open in hopes his hands would find my wet hole and fill it.

He slid a single finger into me and it felt wonderful but it wasn't enough and I whispered into his ear.

"Put in a few more fingers Jim, my pussy is in need baby."

He slid in two more and forced my wet dripping cunt to open further. Using his thumb on my clit he was quickly getting me ready. I was stroking his ever-growing cock feeling it expand as I worked and was getting anxious to feel that hard tool fill me.

"Fuck me Jim. Take your hard cock and fill my pussy. Do it now Jim I need it."

Jim was nothing if he wasn't obedient that night and he knelt between my splayed thighs and slid that cock into me. God it felt great as he rammed it home. Before my pussy got too wet I could feel every inch of that veined monster as it reamed my cunt. My own hips were flipping back up into Jim as he thrust into me I was so close to orgasm, but I needed a little more to get me there.

"Jim put a finger or two in my ass baby, please!"

Again my faithful stud groped with his hand and found the crack of my ass and slipped first one then two fat fingers into my back door.

"Shit yesssssssssssssssssss!"

I called out not caring where I was just allowing my body to take all the pleasure Jim gave me and ride it. His cock was ramming me fast and his fingers in my ass were pumping in and out keeping pace with his cock. I felt my orgasm breaking and my whole body shuddered as the release inside me was tremendous. My whole body shook and I wrapped my spastic legs around Jim's ass holding his cock deep inside me as he too let go filling my cunt with his hot white seed.

I rode a wave of pleasure for what seemed like hours but was only a few minutes. When Jim leaned over and kissed me I said.

"Jim that was great."

A combination of the beer and cock had me nodding off with the end of Jim's kiss. 

Sometime later I was awakened by the touch of something warm and wet between my legs. As my mind came back to reality I knew it was a tongue licking my recently fucked pussy and was pleased that Jim was willing to eat a just fucked cunt. I closed my eyes and let myself enjoy the feel of that tongue as it licked and sucked my soon to be ready cunt.

"Oh Jim that feels so good, stick your tongue inside me baby."

The tongue stopped and I looked down to see a head covered in long blonde hair. It wasn't Jim.

"I'm not sure who you are, I know your not Jim, but lets meet later just continue what you were doing it feels so good." Again I had an obedient lover and they resumed the wonderful job they were doing licking my pussy, nibbling on my engorged clit and lapping cum from my cunt. When a hand slid up and started to play with my left tit I saw how small and delicate that hand was and knew now that my lover was a woman. I've experimented with woman in the past so I was ok, but I hoped it wasn't one of my students, that would be trouble for me. No sooner had that thought crossed my mind when her other hand was working it's way into my ass finger by finger. She was stretching my back door wider with every finger and the pressure coming from my ass mingled with the joy in my cunt and the sensations she was causing to my tit and I was feeling the build up of another orgasm.

When I felt her whole hand fill my asshole I screamed and bucked my ass into her hand forcing that hand deeper in my ass. My building orgasm erupted and I lost control of my muscles as it ripped through me. When I realized I was also peeing into this girls mouth as her hands and tongue kept my orgasm going I tried to stop the flow but couldn't and I peed until my bladder was empty.

I felt her hand sliding out of my ass and her tongue leaving my pussy and the weight of her body as she climbed atop me pressing her tits into mine as she leaned in and kissed me. I opened my eyes and saw that my lover was a member of the team but I didn't think she was one of my students. Not that it really mattered at this point. I kissed her back and enjoyed the taste of my own pussy and piss on her tongue. Her body was rocking on mine allowing our nipples to rub against one another and her leg was between mine while her thigh rubbed my well used cunt.

"You used that tongue well, your Annie right?"

"Yes Mamm, I hope you don't mind being with a girl because I just couldn't resist what Jim had opened."

"I love sex, Annie and I take it from sexy people of both sides. Your very pretty Annie, I watched you play tonight and stared at your chest a lot. I wonder what your tits looked like, can you lift up for a moment and give me a taste?"

"Sure."

She lifted her chest and showed me her B cup tits. Her nipples were erect and stood almost an inch away from her areole. I sucked first one then the other nipple enjoying the feel of them as I flicked my tongue back and forth over them. Pulling back I said.

"Annie do you mind if I take a taste of your cunt?"

Not answering me but easily sliding her ass up and sitting on my face I buried my mouth on her lower lips and tasted her sweet pussy. When a glob of cum worked its way into my mouth I wondered whom she had fucked before joining me. The combined flavors of Annie's pussy and her man's seed pleased my taste buds and soon I felt her beginning to move as my tongue bathed her cunt. As she started to rock her hips on my face I slid a finger in her ass then tested to see how many she could take. Her ass was like mine and never had a limit as I fisted her ass as she rode my mouth. The sounds coming from her told me she was ready and using my free hand I reached up and grabbed her small but perky tits, pulling and twisting her nipple till she screamed and came. Her pussy flooded my mouth and greedily I slurped up as much of her sweet nectar as I could, but a good deal of it over ran my mouth and covered my cheeks. 

I looked up to see my hand playing with her nipple as she flipped her head back and she arched her back. Her arms reached behind her, arching her back and pushing her tits out towards my hand and scooped my legs up pulling them up and bending me in half. I felt someone getting on the bed and then something pushing it's way into my asshole. When I felt thighs bumping against my ass I knew someone was fucking my ass and I moaned into Annie's pussy as that cock bottomed out in my ass. Soon I thought I could hear my own groans as my ass was fucked fast and hard but the sounds were coming from my left and I strained my eyes and saw a short brunette on her hands and knees being fucked by a large black boy. She was the one whose groans I mistook for my own and I watched as best as I could as she took her lover from behind. When I heard her more clearly say.

"Oh yes Bill fuck my ass hard."

I knew she too was taking a cock in her ass. Watching her enjoy her ass being stuffed while my own was doing the same I began again to eat Annie's wet hot pussy. I was soon lost in the combined pleasures I was experiencing and when I felt the cock release it's hot cum in my ass I bit Annie's clit as I came. She yelped at the pain and released her own orgasm and as she writhed on my face she peed in my mouth. The mix of her pussy juice and piss filled my mouth and I swallowed as quickly as I could not wanting to lose any of it.

When Annie slipped off my face I was able to look around me and saw that quite a few couples were in the act of fucking. When I turned to look and see who had filled my ass the bed was empty. From my left I felt the bed jiggle and looked to see the brunette who had just been fucked in the ass climbing atop me. She squatted above me and all I could see was a white mixture oozing from her ass before she lowered it to my mouth.

"Clean my asshole slut."

Too far into the night, too many cocks and pussies and far too much beer prevented me from objecting and I rammed my tongue into her ass and sucked cum from it. Her hands reached behind her and she grabbed both my tits as I cleaned her ass. She squeezed them and pulled them as I licked her asshole clean. Another body found it's way between my legs and shoved a hard cock into my pussy. Fucking me hard and fast it soon blew its wad into my tired but willing cunt and was soon replaced with a set of soft warm lips as another girl ate the seed recently deposited there. The brunette lifted her ass from my mouth and another cock appeared and filled my mouth ramming itself into my throat as my face was fucked.

The night went on, I was fucked so often I lost count, I ate cum from cocks, pussies and assholes and other girls cleaned me as well. I finally passed out and when I woke up I felt sticky all over from dried cum and piss. The bed smelled too and as I tried to get up I winced as my pussy, ass and tits all ached from the workout they had last night. I stumbled into the hall naked and sought out the bathroom. I stood under the hot spray from the shower wondering if all this was going to get me fired, after all I'd fucked students and that was a big no. As I was enjoying the shower and my aching tits ass and pussy relaxed the curtain opened and I looked to see the student I knew was in my class. She too was naked and looked to be covered in cum as she stepped in and joined me.

"Well teach, you were good last night. It'll be more fun in class now."

Then she embraced me and kissed me while her hand found my pussy. As she began to finger me in the shower I wondered what she'd meant by more fun in class. Absently my own hand searched for her cunt and soon we were doing our best to shove our hands into each other. While we showered and fisted one another the coach joined us in the shower and got on her knees and forced her tongue in my ass. After loosening it up a bit she then forced her hand into my sore asshole and with one hand fisting my cunt and another fisting my ass I screamed as I came.

Later over coffee and donuts the coach said.

"I was hoping you'd be the type we need here at the college. Tonight I'll introduce you to the faculty. They won't have the staying power of the kids but they are somewhat kinkier."

"What?"

I said, tonight I'll introd..."

"I heard your word Coach. Last night was a mistake, I'd had too much beer and by the time I realized...."

"No, Jessica. It wasn't a mistake. You fucked the entire team with your tongue. Every student here fucked your mouth pussy and ass. You're a natural slut, just as I am. This college is full of sluts and perverts and you will fit in nicely. No one will punish you for fucking students here, they may punish you for the fun of it, maybe whip your naked ass on the quad until you beg them for their cock or pussy, but not for fucking anyone. No this is a special college, Jessica."

She went on and on and I was stunned at first. I had a few gangbangs in college but this was more. I realized as she continued to explain that this was a fucking college and she meant fucking. She said that each month a different teacher would host a group of students, select a theme and explore that fantasy. She said my month was February and not to get hung up on the old Valentines thing that it had been done to death. She suggested maybe some sort of dungeon theme and offered to help me. Then she told me to go home and sleep that tonight would be busy and I would need to be rested. The faculty was a little more demanding, even if their stamina was not as high as the kids.

I drove back to my little house and tried to sleep but the memories of last night and the possibilities of tonight had me too up to sleep. So I went into town to find something to wear tonight. When I decided on a garter belt, stocking and high heels only. I figured I would have tenure very soon.

After showering and doing my hair I put on the few items I'd bought earlier. As I donned my garter belt and stockings I slipped a hand between my legs to find my pussy was already wet in anticipation of the night ahead of me. I loved fucking older men, they had an ability t be a lot nastier then the guys I knew who were my age. As I recalled as much of what had happened with the students last night my pussy started to drip. The feeling of my own pussy juice oozing down my stocking clad thighs was almost enough to make me cum. Slipping a raincoat over my very naked body I slipped into my car and drove over to coach's house.
