 Alice and I have been best friends for a long time. We went to the same highs school and college. Even now we both live in the same apartment complex. Something about us always clicked. Except of course Alice is a lesbian.

Alice's long time girl friend is Jessica. Neither one of them you could say is the "man" in the relationship. Both are very feminine. Alice is about 5'4" and super thin. Many people come up to her and remark how much she looks like Natalie Portman in the movie "Closer." She is fun, athletic and loves to go out. 

Jessica is a little taller (5'8" maybe) and has waist length blonde hair. Everywhere she goes everyone stares. Not that she minds. She will often go out in tight shirts to show off her very large breasts. Unlike Alice, Jessica has been with men before. She considers herself bi-sexual and you can tell she certainly likes guys and girls attention. 

I see Alice everyday of the week. I probably see Jessica half as much & never without Alice being there. When Jessica comes into the room I can always feel Alice's eyes on me. One time when we were drunk Alice admitted that Jessica had a crush on me from a while back.

Alice told me Jessica's infatuation with me started when I was dating another girl. I guess I got up to go get everyone's drinks and my then girlfriend started talking about me. She specifically pointed out how big my cock is. Now, I am not one to brag and certainly would have never brought this up to Alice but I am huge. Like really huge -- length and girth. Admittedly, I am a very tall (6'6") and muscular guy but my cock is even big for a big man. Like I said before this is nothing I have ever brought up on my own.

Alice said ever since then Jessica has been trying to figure out ways to see it. She once said Jessica was going to just pull my pants down when I got up in the apartment just to see. From then on Jessica and I were never alone...until....

the three of us go out dancing once a week. That week was no different. Guys will often hit on the two girls -- especially if they start to show that they "like" each other. This means I have to constantly be on the lookout for guys I have to "dismiss" from the area. This time was no different.

Towards the end of the night Alice said she didn't feel well so I said we should leave. She was very drunk but saw I was having a lot of fun so she told me to stay. Normally I would have gone home with her in a cab but tonight I was pretty happy (I had got a big raise at work) so I sent the two girls home. 

After a few drinks at the bar I was greeted with a blonde tuft of hair over my arm and a "hey good looking." It was Jessica. She was obviously very drunk. She said Alice was being lame and fell asleep at home so she thought she would go back out. Here she was and she wanted to dance.

Jessica is almost too hot to say no about anything to, never mind to dance with. So after finishing my drink I got up to join her. After a few minutes of dancing apart Jessica moved right up to me. When she backed herself up into me I knew right away I was in trouble. My dick was getting hard. Quickly. 

She knew it too. It was placed perfectly between her ass cheeks and she was grinding hard. At one point she turned her head around (but strategically not her ass) and whispered in my ear "you feel like you are having a very good time." Then she returned to grinding the shit out of my cock. 

The more we danced the more sexual it became. She was reaching back and rubbing her hands all over my ass and face. I was grabbing her hips and hands. Once I even gathered up her long hair for a quick pull. She responded by looking back over her shoulder with the biggest "fuck me" face I have ever seen.

When the club closed its doors she led me off the dance floor hand in hand. At this point it was obvious to everyone there we were going to fuck. Not have sex but fuck. My dick hurt I wanted to fuck her so bad.

On the ride home in the cab we didn't look at each other. I know I didn't because I would have fucked her in the cab. We held hands in silence for the entire ride. Later she would confirm she was playing with herself the whole time.

Inside my apartment -- she walked in first -- we resumed our ass grinding my dick. We started walking toward the bedroom when she started to reach back to grab my dick. As she slipped out of her thong she felt it for the first time. She stopped, smiled the dirtiest grin ever and led me the rest of the way by my fat cock.

"Strip," said Jessica. 

I stripped.

Her eyes widened with greed. 

"Your dick is huge"

"Strip" was my only reply. 

Standing in the middle of my room, one foot on my bed she froze. She was topless with just a short skirt and high heels on. She pulled her long silky blonde bombshell hair over head and let it fall down all over her giant tits and tight body.

"No more talk. Fuck me just like this. This is naughty. Fuck me like I am naughty"

I threw her on all fours onto the bed and started fucking her so hard. She was wild with excitement and pleasure. She kept screaming out dirty things like "pull my hair," "harder" and "fuck me Mr. Big dick." She was exploding with orgasms on my fat stick.

In walked Alice.

Without a word she started to make out with Jessica. I was fucking Jessica so hard that there kisses kept missing each other or Jessica would moan in cumming pleasure. 

Then Alice started kissing me.

I lost it. I had no idea how much that would mean to me. She was so petite and so gorgeous. I had dreamt a million times about us together. I didn't stop fucking Jessica but Alice had my full attention. We kissed over and over. 

I lay back on the bed when Alice started full French kissing me. Alice's long tongue was driving me wild. Jessica was still pounding away at my cock reverse cowgirl style. Her orgasms felt so good that she was literally crying in pleasure. 

Either it was the orgasms or the alcohol but Jessica couldn't take it any longer. She slumped over to the side of the bed. She lay in the fetal position rubbing her pussy. Within 3 minutes she passed out with 3 fingers still lodged in her worn out vagina.

My dick was still raging hard and covered in Jessica's cum/juices. With Jessica off me both Alice and I laid our heads back on the bed. My eyes closed and I drifted away in happiness.

Then my thick long cock was suddenly warm again. 

It was Alice.

Her tiny body seemed impaled on my huge dick. Ever so gently the tip of my cock was in and out of her mini hole. She was so wet the juices dripped down my shaft. She was barely polishing my knob while her hips pressed forward on the down thrust and back on the up thrust.

"Is this how boys like it?" she hoarsely asked without the hint of a real question. She knows I did.

"Is that all you got?" I snapped back.

She pushed down halfway onto my cock. It was so tight and getting wetter by the second. I could feel my dick bottom out inside her. Try as she might I was just too fucking big and she was too fucking small. Not that she minded: I could feel the first shutter of orgasm ripple through her body.

"I'm...I'm...I'm cumming," she stammered "...on your DICK. On your fat dick" And she was cumming so hard. Her body looked like it was in an earthquake. Alice was working the shit out of the top of my cock like no one had done before.

Alice had one hand grabbing her hair and the other furiously working on her clit. Her head was looking at the ceiling and her eyes closed. She was oblivious to the world. All she knew was my dick was making her cum and she wanted more.

Just then I felt the bottom of my cock in pleasure. It was Jessica. She was jerking me off with both hands in rhythm with Alice's hips. My dick was completely engulfed.

Jessica winked at me.

Immediately, I cam so hard my head got fuzzy. Alice just kept riding and Jessica kept jerking me. The more cum that came out the harder they fuck/jerked me.

I don't know how long later I came back to consciousness. I was lying on my back with my dick still in Alice and in Jessica's hands. They were both passed out. When I went to move I little, much to my surprise, I cam AGAIN!!! I pumped slowly and silently even after orgasm. Alice was still so tight.

Now that is what I call a best friend!!!