 Damn I was so horny! It had been over a month since I had been with a man and my pussy was aching. My husband and I had separated and even though the sex wasn't great, I at least got it on a regular basis.

Since our breakup I hadn't been in a big hurry to meet someone else. I had a few offers from guys at work, but none that really excited me. I didn't really want to mix business with pleasure anyway. I didn't really want to go to work wondering if the guy I was with the night before was bragging about the blowjob I gave him. There were a couple guys I wouldn't have minded sucking their cocks and the whole office finding out, but so far they hadn't offered.

So here I was on a Friday night, wine glass in one hand and pussy in the other, wondering what to do. The decision wasn't difficult. I had masturbated every night for the last two weeks and my pussy needed something more.

I grabbed my glass and the bottle of wine to my bathroom and ran myself a nice hot bath. I soaked for an hour in the tub rubbing myself all over to heighten my senses and enhance my pussy's need. I neatly trimmed my jet-black pubes, removing any hint of hair from around my pussy and ass. When I finished my bottle I got out of the tub and toweled myself dry.

At my closet I chose a short black skirt my ex had bought to show me off when we went out. I had a matching black silk blouse that I also put on. The skirt was form-fitting and came down to only about four inches below my pussy. My blouse was loose, but always showed my hard nipples. I left it open far enough so that my firm B-cup breasts were teasingly partially exposed. Naturally I didn't ruin the effect by putting on a bra, and opted against panties.

After another glass of wine I headed to Tabby's, a local pick-up bar that I had heard was a perfect place for a woman to get laid. I had never been, but had heard the ladies at work (single and married) talk about the "talent" they had met there.

It was about 10 o'clock when I walked through the door. The place had a great atmosphere, and, to my relief, was not overly crowded. There were plenty patrons, but it wasn't wall-to-wall people. You didn't have to fight your way through the crowd, but there were plenty hot guys to choose from.

I decided to sit at the bar and scope out the "talent". A few guys immediately made there way over to get a closer look, but their attempts at conversation were lame at best and they were treated accordingly. The frequency of such visits was promising, though, and I knew I would be able to pick and choose the evening's entertainment.

About a half an hour after I got to the bar handsome young man, about 22 years old, came in the bar and walked towards me. He was tall, muscular and extremely good-looking. I have never been into guys much younger than me; he was at least 10 years my junior, but I figured I could make an exception for him.

He walked up and asked if he could sit next to me while he waited for his friends to get there. I motioned to the barstool next to me and he promptly sat down and promised not to be a nuisance. Wow! He had manners, too. I assured him he would not be any nuisance to me and asked him his name.

"Sean. And you?"

"Cathy. Nice to meet you, Sean."

We made small talk for a while. He had recently graduated from the local university and was waiting for a couple of his college friends, who he hadn't seen for a couple months.

I noticed Sean taking a look at the opening of my blouse a few times with appreciation in his eyes. I decided to turn my bar stool to face his so he could get a good look at my legs. Sitting down like this my skirt rode up my legs to where if I opened my legs at all my pussy would be on display. I kept my legs closed for the time being, but carefully crossed my legs without exposing myself in order to test Sean's interest. 

I wasn't disappointed. Sean took a good look and became noticeably agitated. If I wasn't mistaken there was even evidence of a slight bulge in his lap.

About that time two equally good-looking men the same age as Sean walked up and greeted Sean. After the initial greetings of good buddies who hadn't seen each other in a while, Sean introduced his friends as Wade and Bryan. Sean suggested they find a table and asked if I wanted to join them.

The guys found a corner booth and we all slid in with me sitting between Sean and Wade. I didn't leave much room for Sean, who was sitting on the outside, so that he had no choice but to sit close enough that our legs were in constant contact. Again I crossed my legs so that my skirt would ride up as high as it could without exposing myself. A move both Sean and wade noticed.

We chit chatted for quite a while. The guys were catching up with each other while asking me about myself and doing their best not to leave me out of the conversation. I was having a great time talking with three gorgeous guys. 

Throughout the conversation I would feel Sean's hand brush my leg. Each time it happened, electricity shot straight to my pussy. I could feel myself getting wet and I almost regretted not wearing panties that could at least soak up the moisture that threatened to start making my skirt wet.

I excused myself to use the restroom. While away I cleaned myself up to avoid any embarrassing stains. On my return I saw Wade had closed the gap a bit between him and Sean. Sean got up to let me back in and I was now sandwiched between the two men. Not uncomfortably so, but enough that my legs were now touching both men, which was actually quite alright with me.

Before I had the chance to cross my legs again, Sean placed his hand on my bare thigh and left it there. As a sign of my approval I reciprocated. My hand rested at the top of his leg right next to where I knew his cock would be. Sean took that as a signal (it was) and moved his hand further up my leg to where two of his fingers were under my skirt. I parted my knees slightly and felt his little finger brush against my outer lips. 

Sean's discovery that I wasn't wearing panties had an immediate effect. I suddenly felt something nudge the hand in his lap and realized his cock was growing right under my hand. It felt huge, and I reassured the embarrassed-looking Sean with a light squeeze on his magnificent cock.

At about the same time I felt Wade's hand on my other thigh. He started caressing me gently while Sean continued farther up. I was in heaven between these two men and I felt my pussy getting impossibly wet.

The four of us continued chatting it up as if nothing was going on between my legs. It started getting late when a slow song came on and Bryan asked me to dance. I was more than happy to accept as I needed a break from the hands that were driving crazy. I also felt bad about Bryan sitting by himself knowing what was going on.

Bryan pulled me to him as we swayed to the music. He had a hand on my ass gently squeezing and caressing it. My lips reached up to his and our tongues kept the same tempo as our bodies. His arms enveloped me and there seemed to be no one else in the world for a time.

When the song ended Bryan and I went back to our friends, this time sitting next to each other. When I sat down I allowed my skirt to ride up so that I was fully exposed to him. My fingers confirmed what I had thought I felt on the dance floor. Bryan's cock was fully erect.

As it was close to closing time, Sean suggested we continue the party at his place. We all agreed and headed to the door. We all hopped in a taxi with Wade in the front seat and me sandwiched between the other two in the back.

Once again I allowed my skirt to ride up and the guys didn't waste time showing their appreciation. Their hands were all over me and I took turns kissing them both deeply. One of them opened my silk blouse and let my breasts free. Bryan took a nipple into his mouth and started sucking and biting it. Sean's finger found the opening to my pussy and sunk into me. I started moaning loudly as my hands found two hard cocks.

The cab driver was watching us in the mirror and my eyes locked on his. It was such a turn-on being watched by him, but after almost hitting the curb he chose to keep his attention on the road and only glanced at us occasionally.

We arrived at Sean's house, paid the driver and started across the lawn to the front door. I didn't bother straightening my clothes, and even though my open blouse covered my nipples, my skirt was up around my waist leaving my ass exposed for all to see. The cool breeze felt good on my burning pussy and I decided to leave my skirt where it was.

While Sean opened the door Wade cupped my ass with his strong hand and I leaned into him. Once inside Wade and I sat together on the sofa. Sean put on some soft music that I'm sure he had for just such an occasion, and then he and Bryan went to get some wine and glasses. Wade and I began making out and I finally got my hand on the third cock.

When the wine arrived Wade and I stopped kissing long enough to join in a toast to a long, satisfying night. My hand remained on Wade's cock the whole time as we had a quick glass of wine and Sean refilled our glasses. 

I was leaning back with my dripping pussy fully on display to Sean and Bryan. After I finished my second glass I announced that I wanted to see what the guys were hiding in their pants since they were all getting to see me. Sean and Bryan stood and began removing their clothes while I started unzipping Wade.

I slowly exposed Wade's cock and yanked down his pants as he pulled off his shirt to reveal a perfectly sculpted chest. I took his cock in my hands and slowly stroked it while I checked out the other two guys' bodies and fully erect cocks.

My mouth went to Wade's chest and I started licking and biting his nipples. I slid down to my knees between his legs to get a closer look at his cock. There was a drop of pre-cum seeping out of the opening and I licked it off. I massaged my face with his cock and started licking and kissing the underside of its shaft. I finally wrapped my lips around the head and started to slowing fuck his cock with my mouth. 

I continued making love to his beautiful cock for several minutes until I remembered there two more well-deserving cocks in the room. I turned to see Sean and Bryan with their hard cocks in their hands. I told Wade I'd be back and crawled on my hands and knees to where the other two were sitting.

Both had a large amount of pre-cum oozing from their cocks and I licked Bryan's clean then turned to Sean and did the same. I then took Sean into my mouth and gave him the same treatment I had given Wade. I then moved between Bryan's legs and once again worshipped his cock with my mouth.

I had probably spent at least 45 minutes sucking their cocks and when I finally released the third one, Wade lifted me up and laid me on the couch. He started sucking and biting my nipples then worked his lips down my body until his head was between my legs. I came almost as soon as his tongue hit my clit. He was all over my pussy and I pulled my knees to my chest to give him greater access. His tongue dove deep inside my pussy and sucked up my pussy juice, which I could feel flowing like a river.

As his tongue worked its magic on me, I felt something on my lips. I opened my eyes to find Sean leaning over me pushing his cock into my face. I parted my lips and allowed him to fuck my mouth and mute my cries of ecstasy.

After about 20 minutes of some of the most awesome pussy and ass licking I've ever received, Wade got up and started replacing his tongue with his cock. My pussy was so wet he was in me in a single stroke. At the same time, Sean's cock was replaced by Bryan's.

The guys kept in rhythm with each other, fucking me slow and deep. I was in utter ecstasy, coming over and over again. Soon I felt Wade pull out and I let out a whimper, wanting my pussy to stay filled. 

I didn't have to wait long before Sean took his place. The three of us continued fucking like this for a few hours, with the guys rotating positions every 10 or 15 minutes. Every time one pulled out of my mouth or pussy, it was quickly replaced. I was on my back, feet high in the air, on the couch; I was on my hands and knees in the middle of the room, and bent over the back of the sofa. The guys kept 2 cocks in me at all times and I was close to passing out from pleasure and exhaustion, but they never let up. It was exactly what I needed.

Wade was the first to come. I was bent over the couch with Sean's cock in my mouth and Wade fucking me hard from behind. I felt his cock explode inside me as he groaned loudly. As Wade's orgasm subsided, Sean's began and I tasted his semen coat my tongue. Both men had come quite a bit and both my pussy and mouth overflowed. 

I lay back on the couch spent, but I had one more to take care of. Instead of jumping on top of me right away, Bryan sat with my legs over his lap and lovingly caressed me. From the time our lips first met on the dance floor and he held me in his strong arms, I knew Bryan would be my favorite of the three, and he was confirming that now in a big way.

I never wanted anyone the way I wanted Bryan right then. I asked if there was somewhere we could be alone. He picked me up and took me to the guest bedroom where we lay in each other's arms kissing and caressing each other. 

I looked into his eyes and said "I want you." He obliged by slipping his rock-hard cock into my come-filled pussy. He made love to me, holding back his orgasm for as long as he could. When he was ready to come, he pulled out and stroked his cock over my belly. I propped myself up on my elbows so I could see his cock explode. His cock began shooting streams across my stomach and tits. One shot even made it up to my chin and when he was done I wiped my chin with my finger and licked it clean. I massaged the rest of his come into my skin, spreading it evenly across my tits and belly.

Bryan then put his semi erect cock back into my pussy and we rolled over so that I was lying on top of him, my head resting on his chest, his sweat and semen intermingling between our bodies.

When I awoke in the morning I was still on top of Bryan. His cock was inside me and hard. I sat up and looked into his open eyes. The deep cobalt blue made my pussy instantly wet and I began riding back and forth on him.

I said "I could wake up like this every morning!" He nodded in agreement. 

He was soon filling my pussy with come and we lay in each other's arms until his cock fell out of me.

I excused myself to go to the bathroom. After I was done cleaning myself up, I was greeted by Sean who wrapped his arms around me and kissed me good morning. I felt his cock spring to life so I took it in my hand and lead him back to his room.

Once on the bed, Sean proceeded to fuck me silly from behind. Before long he was shooting his come all over my back and I collapsed onto my stomach. 

Sean had failed to close the door and I looked over my shoulder to see Wade and Bryan watching from the hall. I looked at Wade and said "Might as well get in here and fuck me. The other two certainly have."

He didn't need anymore prodding than that and he took up position behind me on the bed. He began fucking me in earnest, and while he lasted longer than Sean, he was through in a matter of minutes, something I was thankful for. I was just too tired to fully enjoy anymore.

I got dressed with two loads of come on my back, not bothering to wash off. When the cab showed up to get me it turned out to be the same guy who dropped us off at Sean's. He gave me a knowing smile as I slid into his cab and I told him to take me back to my car at Tabby's. 

He asked if I had a nice night, and since he already knew what was going on, I told him quite bluntly that I had never been fucked like that in my life.

When I got home, I peeled my come-soaked clothes off and crashed hard on the bed. I slept like a baby all the way till the next morning. As I thought about my night out, my pussy started tingling and I brought myself to a mind bending orgasm with my fingers.

Over the next month I saw the three men, together and separately, a few times a week. While Wade and Sean were great fucks, it was Bryan who truly satisfied me with his love making.

Bryan asked me to move in with him and I agreed on the condition that I could still let his buddies fuck me. We have a wonderful life together and every Saturday night is "poker" night for the four of us.