 Just to bring you up to date, I am Jessie Bustamonte. A few weeks ago I was caught plagiarizing by my Professor. In exchange for his 'overlooking' my crime, I have been his sexual toy for the last month. My first experiences with the Professor have all been on Saturdays. The first Saturday I was tied up in his back yard with a cone fitted around my neck and all the male guests who were there ejaculated into that cone. At the end of the afternoon, I was given to two of the men and they double-teamed me, one in my ass the other in my pussy. While they pummeled me all cum from the day was sloshing around in the cone and I was to try to drink most of it. However, I failed and although I later was forced to drink the remains of the cold slimy cum, I was promised a repeat Saturday in the Professor's back yard.

In the interim, I was required to be at the Professor's house every Saturday for his pleasure. On those Saturday's I was used in whatever manner the Professor liked. I should note that both my Mom and Aunt were also under the Professor's control and the three of us serviced the Professor every Saturday. I, being the latest captive was the focal point of these days with Mom and Aunt Suzie playing minor roles, mostly cleaning my cunt and ass with their tongues once the Professor had finished with me. I have experienced bondage, tit torture, having large plugs in my ass as well as learning to take the Professor's 12-inch cock into my throat.

I am on my way to the adult store now, as I have each Thursday since this began, to pick up the clothes I will be required to wear this Saturday. I must admit that my pussy is dripping with anticipation and it is all I can do to not stop every fifteen minutes to masturbate. While I am not sure of what will be required of me on Saturday, I do know that I will be used, and used by lots of men all day long. Quite frankly I can't wait to be the object of all those cocks in whatever way the Professor chooses.

This time as I enter the shop I go immediately to the dressing room and wait while the clerk brings me my outfit. She knows who I am and when I will be in so she is right behind me with the clothes. This week the Professor has selected another vinyl bustier, this one is open at the bottom, leaving my pussy and ass available and the top has a vinyl net for my tits. The bustier is white and with it are white lace stockings and white stilettos. I try it all on and as usual it is a perfect fit, but as I go to remove the clothing the clerk hands me a note. It says.

Miss Bustamonte,

You are to wear you outfit home today. You may not wear a coat or anything to cover yourself. You will be watched and the clerk will take your clothing and send it to my house. Once you are home you will continue to wear only this outfit and tomorrow at school you will only wear a summer dress to cover yourself leaving the outfit on at all times. On Saturday you will come to my house dressed once again in only this outfit. 

Although a bit hesitant I leave the shop and walk the block or so to my car, I do not run as I know the Professor wants me to be exposed and in truth the feeling is remarkably exhilarating. When I reach my car I take my time unlocking the door before eventually sitting down and taking off for home. I use my left hand to finger myself as I drive home, the thoughts of being exposed on the city streets has me on the verge of orgasm. I finally cum in my driveway and sit in my car to enjoy the sensation that courses through me. When I do get out I look at my seat and see I have left a good deal of my pussy juices on the seat. I lean over and lick it all up, showing my ass to any neighbors who happen to looking. I then enter my house and say hello to my Mom.

"I assume Dad is away again?"

"Yes, Jessie. He'll be gone for the weekend guest Pastoring at a church on the other side of the state. I see the Professor has started with you already this week. I like the outfit."

"I do too. I am to wear this at all times, I can only cover it with a dress for classes tomorrow."

"Well it looks good on you and I am sure that our company tonight will not object to seeing you this way."

"Company? You're having company tonight?"

Jessie was not only surprised she was concerned about how she was dressed. She wondered if the Professor knew all about this.

"Yes, your Aunt Suzie and her three sons will be here for the night. Your cousins Rob, John and Tom will be flying out tomorrow and it is more convenient for them to be here so they are closer to the airport tomorrow."

"But Mom, the Professor requires me to stay dressed this way, my cousins will see me half naked!"

"Yes, I know. The Professor thought you could use a bit of extra play tonight so he has left you this way to excite your cousins."

"Mom, isn't it wrong to do this stuff with family?"

"Well Jessie, I don't think it's any worse then what you have done so far for the professor. In fact both your Aunt and I have faced similar experiences, so I imagine your ok."

Good lord, Jessie thought, she was possibly going to be used by her three teenage cousins. Rob and John were 19 year-old twins and Tom was their 18 year-old brother. Jessie was having trouble accepting the fact that she would be their toy tonight and that both her Mom and her Aunt would be there too. While she realized that everything she had done so far for the Professor was pretty kinky and wild, this was a whole new world and one she was certainly unsure of. Her body however, was not as uncertain as her nipples were erect and rock hard and her cunt was already wet and dripping. When the doorbell rang and she heard the door open she wanted to run to her room and hide. She realized that if she did then she would only have to then walk back into the room as if on display when her Mom made her come out. So she stood there rooted to the spot as her Aunt walked in followed by her three cousins.

Rob, John and Tom gasped as they saw their cousin dressed in her white vinyl bustier and nothing else. They looked down as a group and saw her exposed pussy and then up top her tits loosely encased in a vinyl net. Her aroused nipples were pushing out through the gaps in the netting. Still rooted to the spot she did not hear her mother ask her to fetch refreshments. It wasn't until she felt a deep pain in her ass that she realized her mother had used a cane to get her attention.

"Ouch. Sorry Mom. What did you say?"

"I asked you to go to the kitchen and bring out the refreshments I had prepared for our family. Now do as your told or I will let the boys use this cane on your ass."

"Yes, Mom right away."

As Jessie went to the kitchen she heard the boys giggling. She knew they were thinking of her and how she had just been caned and probably hoping that they would have the opportunity to do the same. She returned with the tray of drinks and snacks and offered it to everyone. As she bent over to offer the refreshments to the boys they each took the opportunity to grab her tits and squeeze them. She quickly realized that she was in no position to object and allowed them to paw at her.

Dinner was a similar nightmare for her and she was sure her tits would have been bruised if they had not started to grasp at her exposed pussy and left her sore tits alone. She was clearing the table when she heard her Aunt say.

"I have to thank you sis and I guess the Professor too. I have wanted an opportunity to have the boys learn how to use their cocks properly so they will be able to satisfy their girlfriends or wives some day. I am sure Jessie will enjoy it too, don't you?"

"I know she will. She is a good little slut and she will find that as much as she may think she hates this you watch, she will be cuming and calling for more."

"Well sis lets get the party started. Shall we just begin here on the table?"

"No, lets go to the living room, I want the twins to take her first, to double team her. Do you think they would mind?"

"No, they seem ready for anything. OK boys, strip naked and go to the living room. Your cousin Jessie will be in soon and you will all be allowed to use her."

The boys went as instructed and Aunt Susie and Jessie's mom escorted her into the living room.

"Ok nephews. Jessie is here for you to tonight. Rob, Lay down on the floor."

Rob lay down and Jessie was instructed to sit on his cock and impale herself. Rob's cock was nothing special, but it was a good six or so inches long and was wide enough to elicit a groan from Jessie as it slid into her wet pussy.

"Ok, Jessie now lean forward and let's get John in your ass. Here John use a little of this lube on your cock."

John lubed his cock then knelt down behind Jessie and put his cock on her asshole. He knew enough to push in slowly and allow her to accommodate him. Once he was in he and his brother began to saw in and out of her. John's cock spread her ass nicely and Jessie was soon enjoying the two cocks invading her. When her mom had Tom put his cock to her mouth she quickly opened and worked her mouth and tongue on his hard member. His was the fattest of the cocks and it took her some time to work him in but eventually she took every inch of him shoving the tip of his cock into her throat. Jessie came twice before any of the boys did and when Tom filed her mouth with hot cum, she came again. Rob and John continued for a little longer before each emptied his load in her.

Jessie was spent and fortunately so were the guys. She was told to spend the night with the boys and she did. They managed to each find the strength to fuck her three more times through the night and by morning Jessie was well used. Both her ass and pussy were full of dried cum and her mouth maintained the lingering taste of cock. She had only an hour before she had to go to school and because she was not allowed to take her outfit off, her mother had to take her into the back yard and use the garden hose to clean her pussy and ass of the built up cum. It was cold water but Jessie withstood the iciness and after slipping on her white sundress was driving to school feeling spent from the night.

Jessie did not have a class with the Professor on Friday but she was handed a note asking her to report to his office at 4PM. She felt her cunt start to tingle at the thought of a private meeting with the Professor on campus and anxiously waited for the time to arrive. At exactly 4PM she knocked on the Professor's door and when she heard him ask her in she opened the door and walked in. She was surprised to see another girl in the Professor's office. The girl was taller then Jessie but she was thin with hardly any bust line at all and although her facial features and long black hair made her beautiful. She looked lost sitting here. 

"Miss Bustamonte, I asked you here to meet with Miss Wilson. Miss Wilson was caught cheating on her mid terms today and she is very apologetic and begs me to give her another chance. Since you also have been caught and given another chance I want you to take Miss Wilson and prepare her for tomorrow. She has agreed to come. You will take her downtown and have her dressed then spend the night with her and bring her with you tomorrow. Is that clear Miss Bustamonte?"

"Yes, Professor. I will do as you ask."

Jessie looked at the girl and part of her was angry. She was looking forward to her day tomorrow and did not want to share it with anyone. Now it looked as if this skinny bitch would also be there. She looked her over again and said to herself 'that bitch will not last long enough to ruin my day' and then she took her by the hand and led her out of the Professor's office.

"My name is Jessie. What's yours?'

"My name is Angelica but everyone calls me Angie."

"So, Angie. Are you aware of what you have agreed to do for the Professor?"

"I said anything and I will do anything. I was stupid and lazy to try to cheat and if I can earn this second chance I will never be so foolish again. Besides he said I would be serving at a party at his house tomorrow how bad can that be?"

"You do realize, Angie, that you are what will be served tomorrow don't you?'

"What do you mean?"

"I mean you will be what is offered to the guests tomorrow. We are on our way to an adult clothing shop to pick up your outfit for tomorrow. See this is what I will be wearing."

Jessie pulled her dress up to show Angie her white bustier and stockings. Angie looked to be shocked to see what Jessie was wearing and froze in the hallway.

"You don't mean that I am going to be a sexual offering to his guests?"

"Exactly, you will be used by any and every male and female in attendance."

"But.... I mean...that isn't what I thought he meant... I am not used to being sexually active.... I mean I have had sex but not a lot. What...I mean how will..."

"All I can say is that I was used that first Saturday as a target for all the guys. They tied me to an area out back and placed a cone around my neck and all day long guys would come and beat off and ejaculate into the cone. By the end of the day there was so much cum in the cone and I had to drink all of it. That was after being fucked in the pussy and ass at the same time."

"Oh my. Oh shit. I have never had anal sex and I hate the taste of cum. What have I gotten myself into? There must be another way."

The girls fell into silence as they got in Jessie's car and made it downtown to the shop. Once in the shop they went up to the woman clerk who always had helped Jessie and asked if there was an outfit ready for Angie. The woman clerk said yes, but that John the guy behind the register was supposed to help this time. She went and traded spots with John and then came to the girls.

"Which of you is Angelica?"

Angie raised her hands and John pointed towards the dressing room and she followed him. Jessie tagged along. John handed Angie her outfit and then the three of them stood in the changing room waiting for Angie to act. Finally Jessie said.

"Angie you need to try to the outfit on with John here watching. He has to make sure of the fit and it is required."

Angie slowly stripped her clothes off. Jessie was amazed at how pretty she looked naked. While she had tiny tits her ass was full and firm. Jessie was a little turned on by her and as she put on her outfit, which was the same as Jessie's only in black she felt a familiar tingle between her legs. When John approved of the fit and then took her clothes Jessie told Angie how she was forced to leave the shop on Thursday. Jessie took off her dress and then the two of them left the shop and walked openly through the streets to Jessie's car.

As they drove to Jessie's house the two girls talked some more about the Professor. When Jessie told Angie about the size of his cock and having to learn to take it all, Angie looked ready to cry. She said.

"I am not good at sucking cock and I know I wouldn't get much of him in my mouth, and my ass is so small. I am scared he will hurt me bad."

"Well the butt plug was the second time not the first so don't get all worked up about it. Besides I have no idea what he does with anyone else only what he did with me."

"Yeah, I guess but the thought of that big of a cock in my pussy is frightening too."

"I can assure you that by the time he is cuming you will not want him to pull out. You will love the feeling of that big fat cock squeezing in you. God I get wet just thinking about it."

The girls talked on and eventually made it home. Jessie's Mom was expecting Angie and had dinner for the two girls when they came in. After dinner the two girls were told by Jessie's Mom to go to Jessie's room and wait for her. They went up and sat on the edge of the bed and continued to chat while waiting. A little later Jessie's Mom came in with a strap on cock. The cock was black and large.

"Jessie you are to put this on and to work both of Angie's holes so she will be ready for the party tomorrow. Now I am supposed to watch you two but I am busy with my own preparation for tomorrow so can I trust you Jessie to do what you are supposed to do?'

"Yes, Mom."

As her mother left Jessie took the strap on and put it on. She adjusted the fit so it felt good and then she said to Angie.

"Well start by sucking this cock bitch and do it now!"

She pushed her fake cock towards Angie's mouth and after some hesitation Angie opened her mouth and tried to take the cock in. It was obvious that She was not getting anywhere and so Jessie ordered her to lie down on her back. Jessie climbed on top of her and used her hands to play with Angie's pussy. It was surprisingly wet so she put the cock in position and pushed it up against the opening of Angie's cunt.

"Ok Angie here goes."

As Jessie pushed herself in Angie cried out.

"God, Jessie that hurts. Oh shit! Please stop."

But Jessie knew she had to push on. Angie started to squirm as Jessie pushed inch after inch into her cunt. She had only gotten about half of the cock into her when Angie wrapped her legs around Jessie's waist and said.

"Please no more. I don't think I can take anymore please stop."

Jessie ignored her and rammed in the remaining four or five inches causing Angie to scream out loud, an ear piercing noise that rattled Jessie and brought her mom into the room.

"What is going on in here? Angie you need to grow up girl. Your pussy is made to stretch and you will stop being such a spoiled little girl. Now Jessie roll her over so I can warm her ass with this cane. Perhaps that will teach her a lesson about real pain."

Jessie rolled over and now Angie was on top. This position allowed gravity to force Angie's cunt down onto Jessie's cock and firmly fix it in her cunt. Then Jessie's mom began to strike Angie's ass with the cane. With each strike of the cane, Angie who was trying to get off the cock buried in her would slide back down again to get away from the sting of the cane. Jessie just lay there and watched as Angie would struggle to get up and off and then the cane would lay into her ass and she would slide aback down. She was managing to fuck herself. Jessie could hear the change in the tone of her screams as each lash of the cane struck her. She was no longer fighting it, her cunt was dripping juice all over Jessie and from the way her legs were shaking she knew that Angie was soon going to have a major orgasm. When her mom had finished with the cane, Angie continued to ride the cock. She was obviously enjoying it now and so Jessie's Mom left.

Jessie started to push up as Angie pushed down and together they managed to bring Angie off in glorious fashion. Jessie wasn't sure if she was louder when they started or when they finished but she knew that Angie was not a quiet fuck. She was a very loud expressive fuck and she liked that.

Jessie decided that she would take Angie's ass right away. She felt that with her in this blissful state having just cum, with her ass well caned and red, it was the perfect time to force this monster cock into her virgin ass. She rolled over and told Angie to get on her hands and knees. Angie was too far gone to ask any questions and did as she was told. When she felt the tip of the plastic cock at her asshole she tensed up and said.

"OH noooo. Please not my ass!"

Jessie rammed the cock in all the way in one push then held it there. Angie was dead quiet for some time before emitting a low moan that gained volume and depth as the seconds passed finally culminating in an animalistic roar. The noise abated but did not stop so Jessie slid back out and then rammed it in again. Once more Angie slowly came to a loud roar and quieted and then Jessie began moving in and out without pause and Angie began to grunt and groan loudly with each thrust. She was accepting the cock in her ass better then Jessie had expected and so when Angie started to move with her and to emit soft yesses amid the other noises Jessie allowed herself to enjoy the pressure the dildo was giving on her own cunt.
