 Weeks In

It had been two weeks since I had started working at Wonder Inc. for Mr. Wonder, and already I had had more excitement than my entire last year at university. I came into the hangar as usual 9am sharp and had gone about preparing our only jet for today's flight. Mr. Wonder operated Wonderlines a subsidiary of Wonder Inc. which catered to high-profile clientele looking for private excursions and top-of-the-line service thousands of feet in the air.

I generally started with cleaning as I felt it was best to get it out of way in the morning and spend the rest of the day on the technical issues of electronic checks and malfunctions. The jet could probably take about 10 people plus two pilots, but we usually had only a few people on board - usually some rich guy and his trophy wife he was trying to impress, or a couple of lame business men talking about financing this and supporting that project or whatever. The cabin was composed of a curvy round table shaped a bit like an "L" with an L-shaped couch on one side and a circular sofa on the other. on the otherside of the aisle were 4 seats facing each other but far enough apart so that they could swivel around 360 degrees. Behind the seating area, in the back was the walk in bathroom where Mr. Wonder had specially installed a jacuzzi that was somehow powered by the excess heat of the two rear engines, one of his personal prides. There was of course a toilet as well as a urinal and in addition a shower chamber that was about 5 ft. by 5 ft. and fully closed off by glass doors from floor to ceiling.

In front of the curtain was our area, where we prepared meals, drinks, snacks etc. and pretty much hung out when the clients were talking business or sleeping. In the 8 flights I had gone on, I had been the only steward as there was never more than 2 passengers on board and hence I got to spend a good bit of time chatting it up with Baxter, our chief pilot who was supposed to be teaching me the ropes.

This morning however, as I was vacuuming under the circular sofa in the center of the plane, Mr. Wonder climbed on board and grabbed me by the shoulder and said "Son, got some special folk heading this way, gonna need you and Kelly on this one - cuz they iz bringin dem kids dey said."

"Sure thing boss, I'll let her know."

"Thanks, boy."

Great, I thought, a little bit of company can't hurt on a 3 hour flight to Miami.

The flight was scheduled for 6pm and our guests arrived promptly at 5:30pm spent a few minutes greeting Mr. Wonder and then came aboard. It was a wealthy latino family, from where I'd never guess. The gentleman was a short stout man with a mustache and glasses and his wife was at least 20 years his younger at around 30. She had short brown hair that curved down around her ears and stopped just before her shoulders. The kind of haircut that is a tad bit longer in the front than in the back. I must say money can't buy love but it can sure keep some good looking women around some pretty old and ugly guys. Her name was Luna and she had the full package: big, full breasts that were squeezed together by a skin tight purple polo shirt and a perfectly-shaped ass I can only describe as deliciously embraced by some low-cut jeans.

I gave the usual 5 minute tour and welcomed them to the jet and asked them to take a seat and explained that Kelly would come by with welcome drinks in a few minutes. I went back into our little kitchen area and caught Kelly downing one of those tiny bottles of Jack Daniels.

"Hey", I said and slapped her shoulder.

She turned to me without putting the bottle down and winked. She really knew how to have fun. I told her to hurry up and and get out there before the guests got angry. She shook her pleated stewardess skirt at me and walked out with a tray of champagne. Just as I was thinking about what Mr. Wonder had said, the 'kids' came aboard. Well they weren't exaclty kids, and they were defintely not the wife's kids. The boy was about my age and his sister was a bit older around 24-25. I said hello and welcomed them aboard. They introduced themselves as Tommy and Melissa. Tommy was a bit of a meathead but very friendly and polite. Must have been some kind of jock as he was pretty lean. His sister was quite thin and had long, well-defined legs that were unfortunately masked by some skin tight black pants. She had on shiny red high heels and a loose t-shirt with some kind of designer logo on it. It had a very low cut neck and both tits were clearly visible from the right angle - both natural. She had on some massive sunglasses and didn't even say hello, she just walked right by.

"The good looking ones are always bitches," I thought.

Whatever, a client is a client, you gotta be polite. I went back into the kitchen and locked all the cupboards for take off. The pilot asked everyone to buckle up and we began to taxi out to the runway. Kelly came skipping back to grab her seat next to mine in the front area as she closed the curtain.

"It's nice to have someone else here" I said

"Yeah" she replied, "It's so much better to have someone to play with." And then a cheeky smile spread across her lips as she removed her gum and threw it in the bin.

"We've got about 15 minutes before we take off and they can't take off their seatbelts. The pilots will be busy too..."

Oh no I thought, she's been drinking and she's already horny. Kelly tended to get sexual after a few drinks, but I never thought she would come on to me with strangers just a few yards away. Before I could think twice, she unbuckled herself, came over and unzipped my pants, leaving me still strapped in to the seat. She brought my now burning erection out with both hands admiring her prize as she caressed my balls and stroked the top of my shaft. I looked at the celiing as I felt her big lips surround my cock.

Kelly sucked cock beautifully. I think she must have been a porn star in her past life because she did things I can't even explain. She would swallow my seven and a half as far as she could and then slide back swirling her tongue around the length of my cock. She would stop at the tip and squeeze a bit with her lips and then look up at me with her blue eyes. Looking down, I could see her cleavage clearly exposed through her half buttoned blouse and I stuck my hand down into her bosom, feeling her soft tits. As I unbuttoned more of her shirt and started rubbing her nipples, she began sliding back and forth on my cock even faster. I kept squeezing those beautiful breasts as I watched her slide back and forth. I felt my load coming. I grabbed her breasts hard, pulling her down and cumming directly into the back of her throat. She didn't stop sucking though as she swallowed load after load after load. She kept sucking and sliding around getting me hard again almost immediately.

Then she swirled her tongue around my cock one last time and stood up straight, her breasts fully exposed, pointing out magnificanetly, but her skirt still covered her most private area. By this time the pilot gave one last warning and hit the gas full throttle, propelling us on the runway. Kelly un-did my seatbelt and sat down on my lap, facing forward. She lifted her skirt as she sat down revealing a dripping wet pussy and then proceeded to position herself on my ever erect penis. I loved the feeling of filling a girl's hole with my meat, but one thing was doing it dry and one thing was sticking it in Kelly's warm, wet vagina. She had the most amazing sex muscles. She engulfded my cock once more and then leaned back, grabbing a hold of the seatbelts as the plane really started to accelerate. She then fastened us both in to the same seat and tightened is so that We could barely move away from one another. Then she started really swaying back and forth, just fucking me, without caring how I was feeling. She had her back to me and wrapped my hands around her and grabbed her breasts, bringing her close to me and kissing the back of her neck. I worked my way around the side of her neck as she rocked back and forth, grinding into my lap, with my dick plunged all the way inside her tiny hole. She twisted a bit and wrapped her hand around my neck while I found her breats with my tongue and started licking her nipples. Then she pushed me back and leaned forward, her skirt covering my lap. I lifted the skirt over onto her back and found her beutiful heart-shaped ass sliding on and off my cock. she started moving faster and faster and I knew she was getting closer to coming. She was bent over double with her hands grabbing her ankles and sliding her ass back and forth. I felt the sperm inching it's way up my shaft, eager to shower the inside of her pussy.

Suddenly, she threw her head back throwing her long blonde hair onto her back and gasped "OH FUCK ME MAGNUS!"

Lost in the pleasure, I grabbed her hips like handles and thrust as deep as I could, spewing my man-batter all inside of her. She responded with a warm stream of her own juices that flowed down my cock and into my lap. She sat up and leaned back against me and smiled as I wrapped my arms around her waist. I could just feel a drop of sweat on her back. We cuddled a bit as the plane began to stabilise in the air.

We cleaned ourselves up a bit and went to check up on our guests. The father was still in the reclining chair and had opened up his laptop and looked like he was finishing up some memo for a meeting. The mother had moved from her seat to the long couch and was sprawled across it, reading a book. I couldn't help but notice she wasn't wearing a bra under that purple Polo shirt but it didn't seem like she needed one either with firmness like that. The two siblings were playing cards casually, I think it was Blackjack. Melissa still hadn't taken off her immense sunglasses.

"Would you guys care for anything else to drink or eat?" I asked the parents, while Kelly went and catered to the kids. "We have a fully stocked bar and loads of sandwiches and snacks."

The gentleman didn't acknowledge my presence and continued typing away. I turned to the wife, "And how about you, Miss?" I asked.

She turned her head and looked at me for a bit and then said quickly, "I'll have a screwdriver with a slice of orange - no ice." Then she went back to reading her book.

"Alrighty, then."

This was typical, you never got any respect on these flights, people just wanted to get where they were going.

I prepared the drink, putting a double of vodka and mixing the rest with orange juice. As I searched around for an orange to slice, Kelly came back.

"Fiesty isn't she," she said.

"Yeah, typical...." I replied.

I finished making the screwdriver and returned to the cabin. Luna was nowhere in sight so I left the drink on her table and went to the back of the plane to start preparing the meals. We always had some kind of chef prepare something and then we would just heat it up for the guests. As I was putting the meals in the microwave, the wife showed up...

"I put your drink on th...."

"Shhhhhhh, don't talk so much" she said. "Just come with me."

I obeyed like any proper service staff. She took me into the bathroom.

"Help me with this" she said as she turned to reveal an undone zipper. 

I began zipping her up when she stopped me.

"No, help me unzip it dumbass."

"Oh, sorry," I said, a bit confused.

I slowly unzipped her dress, unsure of how far to go with a total stranger in this akward situation. As the zipper slowly came down to her ass I felt her moving closer towards me, pressing her ass against me. My natural instinct made me press my crouch back at her and I lost all focus on the zipper. I put my hands on her waist and pulled her even tighter against my throbbing cock. She cooed like a bird. 

"Uhh, oohh, yeah"

My cock became rock solid and I ground myself further into her bulging ass. I slipped my hands around the front and putting one hand just above the entrance to her low cut jeans I pulled her tightly against my crouch. Her magnificent butt just engulfed my hardening dick and I leaned in to kiss her neck. I have a soft spot for latinas I guess. 

She arched her back into me and I took the opportunity to unbutton her jeans and slip my hand all the way into her pants. Her vagina was dripping wet. I pushed past her underwear and went for gold. I slipped one finger into her dripping snatch and with a muffled scream she grabbed the back of my head with her hands. I slipped another finger in.

Rythmically pumping her back and forth, she rubbed her ass against my penis, making it rock solid. Then, suddenly she turned around, backing off to the counter in the bathroom. Her pink underwear sticking out through her unbuttoned pants, I could see her rock hard nipples poking out from her polo shirt. 

"Come here and fuck me like a man!"

I obliged willingly. I went over and taking her by the waist lifted her onto the counter. Pulling off her pants, I went down on her with passion. I pushed aside her panties and licked her up an down, sticking my tongue as far as I could into her vagina. It felt amazing. Warm and tender, she leaned into me, pushing my head even further into her groin. I came up for air, grabbing her massive tits and pushing her flat onto the counter. I stood up and unbuttoned my pants, ready to pounce. 

I stuck my desperate dick all the way into her with one full push. I had no trouble pushing into the dripping wet vagina. I began to pound her like no man ever had. Her beautiful thighs gripping the sides of my neck, I thrust and thrust into her. She squealed with delight.

"Oh, yes! Oh yes! Oh YESSSSSSS!!!!" she cried as I felt a sudden warmth come through her pussy. 

I knew she had come but I wasn't going to stop there, I was in the zone. I pulled her legs off me and twisted her onto her side. her shirt was being pushed up with her giant breasts were rubbing against the counter. I was in heaven. With both hands on her ass I continued to pump her back and forth. Starting at her amazing ass bouncing against my dick turned me on even more. I squeezed her firm buttocks and in doing so forced my thumb into her asshole. Pressing deep I felt the pressure on my own cock.

"Oh my fucking god, dio de putas!!!" she screamed as I blew my full load while keeping my thumb firmly in her ass. As she shivered with excitement, I collapsed onto her and kissed the back of her neck. 

Just then, I heard a knock on the door. Leaving Luna to enjoy her multiple orgasms I went to listen at the door. I slowly opened the door and immediately Melissa burst in on me.

"Whatcha doin here, huh?"

"Nothin" I gasped, my pants still around my ankles.

Then she stared at my limp cock, still dripping with my cum. 

"Mmmm," she purred without taking off her sunglasses. "That looks yummy."

She dropped to her knees, pointing her red heels backward and with one hand on my chest she began to gently lick me up and down. She swirled her tongue around my balls and sliding back up my slowly hardening shaft she stopped with the tip of her tongue just poking at the tip of my cock. With every touch, I got harder, and the harder I got, the less I could resist. I pulled her up to me and grabbing her tightly from the ass I put my lips to hers and pushed my stiff pole right between her tight black leggings. I love how lycra feels, I thought, feeling the warm pussy through her pants.

I sucked on her big lips and she licked mine as I played with the small of her back, sliding my hand up her loose t-shirt. As I made my way up her back to find her bra, I felt something else rubbing my cock. Luna was back and she didn't want to be left out. She was stroking my cock up and down as I realized Melissa wasn't wearing a bra! Those firm tits were just hanging there! Then Luna leaned over and gave me a peck on the cheek and whispered "thank you" in my ear before walking out. Shutting the door behind her.

"I guess we're all alone now," I said.

"I guess so," she replied, leaning on to me.

I decided to take control before things got of hand. I took a sudden step back to see what would happen. Melissa fell forward on to all fours, knocking her sunglasses off. She stared up at me. I stared at her beautiful breasts dangling in that loose shirt. I knelt down and pulled off her spandex pants and to my surprise found she was wearing no underwear either. She looked back at me and smiled. I lined myself up and gave one massive thrust to the hilt until my balls slapped against her ass. She squealed with pleasure. She was much tighter than Luna. Without pulling back I reached around her and pulled her even tighter onto my throbbing dick until I felt her g-spot. Holding it tightly there I began rocking back and forth. She put her head down, her ass pointing up at me as I massaged the inside of her vag with my cock. Then after a few minutes of careful stroking I felt a sudden warmth come over my penis and she bit her lower lip as she came all over me. With a sudden burst of energy she began rolling her ass back and forth against into my cock, coaxing out my orgasm. Watching her shake her ass with my dick inside drove me wild so I grabbed her breasts and pulled her up against me. And as we spooned, standing on our knees, we came together. My sperm shooting up inside her and then drooling back down my cock and down the sides of her legs. 

Suddenly the plane jerked. 

"Shit, turbulence," I thought. 

We both jumped up and wiped ourselves off. After putting my pants back on I gave her one last kiss and ran into the cabin. The two guys were sleeping and Luna was reading a magazine. She just smiled at me. I went past them and into the cockpit to see what was going on. I guess I should have known better....

Kelly had her legs wrapped around the pilots face. His nose buried deeply in her groin. He had his hands pushing her ass into his face while still seated in his seat. She was holding on to the emergency rails above riding him like a dog in heat. 

She looked at me and between gyrations she said, "uuhh, sorry, uuhh, we ran into some, uuhh, turbu... aaaaahhhh" she screamed from what I can only imagine was a first rate orgasm. 

"Thanks Baxter," she said as she hopped off of him. His face still covered in goo. 

"Anyday love, anyday... You two get to your seats now, we're coming in to land soon," he said.

He seemed thoroughly pleased as Kelly straightened her skirt and we stepped back into the cabin. 

Great flight I thought as we opened the landing gears. Another day at Wonderlines.