 In a daze, my legs wobbly, requiring you and Tara to support me, I barely notice the people examining us as we enter. My head rests on your shoulder and I let out little gasps with each step and the plug makes its presence known with that oh so full feeling. 

The door behind us closes and my eyes adjust to the dim light. Shafts of bright light appear suddenly, shooting from the cracks in the booth doors, which helps give the room some definition from the weak bulbs focused on the video offerings hanging outside each stall. Careful movements about us as individuals, all of them men but all single, either slowly return to their search for an open booth, perusal of the video offerings, or moving closer to see us better.

We stand there amid the sounds of sexual acts; familiar sounds, barely muffled by the wooden doors, of men and women taking cardinal pleasure in their bodies, or in others. Some of those sounds not coming from videos, but rather from live parties hidden within the booths or perhaps a darkened corner. In the confusion of sound, I'm startled from my reverie by a hand finding the base of the plug and giving it a quick thrust upward.

That action, and my reaction, does not go unnoticed by those nearby. Momentarily blinded by the colorful stars bursting before my eyes, I twist between you and Tara, finding her face then yours. Tara is distracted and gazing at the state of two men in front of us; their cocks thick and stiff in the tight confines of their trouser legs. I find your eyes on me, confirming its your hand that awakened me a second ago.

Before any of us can move, a door swings open and a man emerges from within a booth; a video still playing but his needs now met. His fingers tug at his zipper, finishing the closure, and its not until he takes several steps that he notices us; a look of shock, then slight embarrassment as he looks at me. As the video continues to flicker behind him, he moves past leaving the open door in his wake. A matching door to its right then opens and another man departs; he has a slightly sheepish look on his face and I don't think he even saw us as he rushes out.

Tara's eyes bright as she watches the men leave, facing us once they disappear back inside the store proper, "I think he just got his dick sucked!"

Your voice has just a hint of excitement, your control intact, "Either hand or mouth, they all go to the booths for release don't they?"

Smiles on several of the men support your statement and one begins to move closer. However, before he can reach us, or say anything, I'm pushed forward and we enter the now vacant booth.

The confines are very tight, certainly not intending two bodies let alone three, we squeeze in together with Tara pulling the door closed. Tara remains with her back to the door while you and I sit on the bench. Sitting causes the sparks to re-erupt before my eyes as the plug plunges deeper up my anal canal. I moan and sway next to you with both you and Tara smiling approvingly.

Tara's eyes dart to your left as light suddenly exposes the hole in the wall between the booths; a light blocked by a shadow moving across it. Glancing in its direction, your eyes note it but don't linger; instead your arm remains around my back and your attention goes to Tara. Tara feeling your eyes, looks to you; her nipples so perky and visible through the light, tight, fabric of her top.

"We want to see more of you Tara."

Tara's hands immediately go take hold of her tee and pull it up and over her head. She shakes her hair out and proudly displays her firm, full breasts. She begins to unzip her skirt when the cock is thrust through the hole adjacent to your arm.

Our heads turn and I wonder what direction you might take with this sudden, but no doubt expected, offering. After examining it, appraising it, I watch your hand rise and wrap around it. You don't stroke him, only hold the cock as if a necessary part of your evaluation. He tries to force the issue my moving himself but your grip is firm and any movement within it slight.

"Continue Tara."

Its then that I realize Tara was frozen in place with her zipper in her fingers but not lowered. Even with the video playing, the zipper opening is clear, distinct, unmistakable, eliciting a gasp from the adjacent booth. Her hips shake and the skirt drifts down to the floor. Tara steps out of it, covered now by just a tiny white lacy thong. She brings the straps off both hips simultaneously, revealing a small patch of fur on her mound; the patch dyed a bright pink, making it visible in the dimness of our cell.

"Would you like this cock, Tara?"

Not really a question, so Tara's response did not involve words. Instead, she kneels before your knees; her arms upon your thighs as she brings her face to your hand and his cock. I watch your fingers release, and Tara's willing mouth claim, the cock. Followed by a bump against the wall as the man pressed his body closer to get more of his cock in her mouth.

Tara's lips stretch and pull as she sucks the cock. The hole large enough for both his tool and his balls; his sack hangs below his cock, tight and full, and we see he, or perhaps someone else, has shaved them. Tara's hand cups them but you pull her hand away and whisper, "Just your mouth."

Her hand rebuffed from his cock, Tara drops it down upon your leg then reaches over and caresses my bare thigh. I look down, her fingertips curling and circling on my flesh, and as if by magic, causing my legs to further part. 

A movement of your arm draws my attention away from her fingers. Your hand at the back of her head, pushing her towards the cock.

"Take it all. Like a good bitch."

Tara's nose flares to gather in air as his cock enters her throat. Her lips level with, then past, the boundary of the wall as her lips go to his base. Obviously satisfied, you must have lessened the forward pressure as Tara pulls back. Then I see your fingers tighten and the muscles of your forearm flex, as you push her back down upon it. This process repeated over and over until the man announces he is ready to cum.

Fingers locking full of Tara's locks, she's pulled off and away; the cock angry and purple sways in the opening. Sounds of protest and frustration now coming from the other side are only met with a wicked smile as you look away from it and gather Tara closer.

"Lets see what he does now."

The cock twitches and bobs, so close but needing just that inch more. The seconds no doubt passing like minutes to him, I count to five when it disappears. Another five count and a stream of cum shoots through the hole, landing on your legs and Tara's arm.

Tara is quick to lower her face and extend her tongue collect the cum on your thigh. Doing so, she is rewarded with the second string of cum striking her cheek. Ignoring it as it drips down, her tongue moves to finish cleaning you, and I'm thinking, "This little bitch is good," as your fingers again in her hair pull her up.

She faces me and I'm kissing her long and deep before I realize my intention to do so. Her mouth tasting of cock and cum, Tara slides her tongue in my mouth sharing some of the cum with me.

"Don't forget the cum on her face."

Tara turns so I can lick it off her. Sharing it with her in another kiss.

"Tara, stand up now. And face away."

Reluctantly, Tara and I part. She turns her back to us with her butt inches away. Even before she tells me, I know what is expected and I lean forward, spreading Tara's cheeks and tonguing her rosebud.

"That's it baby. Give her the first of her rewards."

My tongue swirls around and around the wrinkled flesh, fingers gripping her firm butt-cheeks and pulling them open so I can have it closer. I can hear Tara moaning so I increase my pace; wetting my tongue for another assault before wiggling the tip into the very center of her ass. She's clenched tight but I work it, managing to enter as she shakes and jerks before me.

"Don't forget Baby, she used her fingers too."

My hand darts to her front and as soon as I touch her, she fills the booth with a cry of release. 

Rising up, my arms around Tara, I kiss her back until I reach her shoulder. Brushing her hair aside, I kiss her neck and whisper my thanks for earlier. She turns towards me and our lips meet, softly kissing.

A touch at my shoulder brings me around and I see you holding another plug, one that matches my own.

"Is she ready Baby?"

I open my mouth and wet it for Tara; just as she did for me. Then holding her in my arms, her face against my chest, she is impaled slowly and deliberately. Halfway in, I see you coat the cone with lube to ease its entrance, and I know she needs it. 

"Hold her still, if she can't take it now, she never will." 

Then with one of your hands holding the plug, the other caresses her face as you whisper in her ear, "Do you want this Tara? Do you want to be fucked? If I am to fuck you, you must take this now."

Tara's eyelids flutter, signally her willingness. Her mouth opening soundlessly as the plug is twisted around, readying her tight ass for the girth to follow. I hold her, now with my hands on her ass, pulling them open and almost lifting her off the ground; realizing now how tiny she is in comparison to you or I.

A noise to the side and I look back to the wall. A man's face there, watching intently. His eyes widen and I look back; your hand gripping Tara's shoulder firmly as you slide the plug ever deeper in her tight ass. Fucking her ass with it now and then after each new inch is introduced.

She wants it now, I can see "that" look. I know "that" look. And I can see in the intensity in your face that Tara will get it, regardless of whether she desires it. We're way past the point of turning back; actually when she followed us in here, whether she realized it or not, she crossed into that territory.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh."

The sound torn from Tara's depths, forced up by the plug filling and sealing her ass. She, like me, yours now. 

-------------------------------

If we were men, the management would have insisted we leave this place long ago. Instead, a series of men enter the adjacent booth; jerking off before allowing another to take their place. Some having their cock's sucked by either me or Tara, sometimes by both; all of them watching you enjoy your two bitches and the show they put on for you.