 This is my Second Submission. Your feedback is appreciated.

_____________________________________________________________

For a night out on a whim, the hotel room they reserved was quite nice. Upon entering the room was a black leather couch and a couple of matching chairs. A large flat screen TV positioned in the center wall. Further back was the fridge and minibar, a sink, and large full length mirror next to the bathroom, which contained a walk in shower. The attached bedroom had a large king size bed, plenty of room to walk around, with full mahogany bedroom furniture. 

"This will do just fine," Jill commented as they set their overnight bags down.

As they frequently do when they plan a night out, a hotel room gets them close to the action downtown and relieves them of the worries of driving. It isn't often they get to venture into the city. Their suburban home, on the edge of town, makes it difficult to get to the bustle of the city. This is the only way to truly enjoy themselves and be free.

"I plan on us having a wonderful evening if I can just get rid of this headache. I've taken ibuprofen and it's just hanging on", Max said while rubbing his temples. "I won't let it get in the way of our festivities. I promise."

"Why don't you lay down and rest while I get in the shower and prep," Jill suggested. "We have plenty of time before we need to get going."

Rarely do they get a night to themselves, with stressful jobs, kids, friends, and family continually demanding their time. A night together is just what they needed to realign themselves and be able to face everyday life.

Max laid down and immediately dozed off. There was no doubt he wasn't feeling his normal, rambunctious self. Typically, he would have already suggested they make use of the big bed in the room and forget about any plans they had. It was not uncommon for him to turn a night out into a long night of love making in their hotel. 

"Are you going to sleep all night, or can we get things moving along," Jill whispered in Max's ear as he lay sprawled out on the bed. 

"I'm up. Let me change and get ready. We have dinner reservations soon."

Max took the typical 20 minutes to shower, shave, and prep his ever-perfect hair. Before long he was ready and awaiting Jill to finish in the mirror. 

"Give me 5 minutes. I'm almost ready," Jill answered before Max could even ask the question. 20 years together leaves little unknown between the two.

"How do I look," she asked, already knowing the answer. The little black dress she bought the day before enhanced every part of her luscious body. Cleavage for days, perfect legs wrapped in fishnet poked out the bottom, and an open back that was on the verge of exposing her tight little ass. 

"Stunning as always," he said. "Are you sure you want to leave this room? I would be perfectly happy removing that dress and staying in."

They grabbed an Uber and headed to a nearby restaurant their friends had been raving about. One of those trendy little places with subway tile everywhere and small, expensive courses. They were known for their infused alcohols and freshly prepared mixers. Max ordered both of them a drink as soon as they sat down. The male server was having a difficult time paying attention to Max with all that cleavage in the other seat, something Max has always loved. He was proud of the lady that hung on his arm for all these years. She was his trophy and he loved to show her off. 

"I don't know if I will get anything at this place, but I'm sure you will be given great care," he told Jill when the server walked away. "He all but buried his face in those great tits of yours and who can blame him."

Jill blushed at his words, as the shy conservative flower always does. She dresses this way for him, even though she secretly loves the attention. "He's half my age, he wasn't looking at me. Look at all these gorgeous women around here. I'm old enough to be their mother."

"The sexiest mother I've ever seen," Max followed quickly.

When he returned with their drinks, Max caught him staring again and said, "Nice aren't they? You should see them in all their glory. Honey, show him a little more."

"Max! Don't embarrass him, or me for that matter," she exclaimed. But the submissive that she is obediently pulled one of her great mounds out so no one but he and the server could see. The server's eyes bugged out of his head like a cartoon and was caught in a trance at the shocking display at his table. She elegantly put it back in her dress and Max ordered for the two of them. The server stood there after he took their order, unsure of his ability to complete his job at this point.

The rest of the meal was a series of small dishes with exquisite flavor, hand crafted cocktails, and romance as they so easily reminded each other why their love was so strong. The server came and removed the dishes from their main course, making sure to catch as many glimpses of Jill's cleavage while at the table. 

"Would you care for dessert tonight? I would be happy to bring the dessert tray if you would like," the waiter asked. 

Jill immediately shook her head no. It is well known that Jill was one of the few people in the world that could live without sweets. 

"I think we are going to skip dessert. I'm planning on a different sort of dessert tonight, if you know what I mean," Max smirked and both Jill and the server immediately blushed simultaneously. "Sorry friend, I can't allow you to see the rest this time."

The bill was paid and they were off to a night of drinking and dancing at one of their favorite bars. It was usually full of people their age and younger, loud but tolerable club music, and drinks flowing all around. Ladies were always dressed their best and the men varied. Max always hated lazy men that didn't take as much care in their appearance as their dates. A man should make a woman proud to be seen with him. First impressions and image were important to Max. If a man dressed like a slob, Max thought his life was likely also disheveled. "If my wife is going to take the time to look her best for me, it's my responsibility to do the same for her," Max would always say.

It was late enough when they arrived that the place was already starting to heat up. Luckily, they found a spot right next to the dance floor, which was their favorite place to be. Max went to the bar and ordered a couple drinks, Malibu and Cranberry for her and a Crown and Coke for himself. The two spent some time observing, enjoying their cocktails, and discussing the clientele there that night. A favorite pastime of the two, gossiping about this girl and that guy, pointing out the irregular ones, and commenting on the cream of the crop. Jill was the best at this. She was ever-observant and always knew what was going on around her. 

A couple more drinks and Max had pulled Jill onto the dance floor. Max wasn't a great dancer, but with enough liquor, he would cut a rug with the best of them. Jill had training in dance and always made everyone on the dance floor look like amateurs, especially Max's two left feet. He knew she loved to dance, so it was never a question when the time came. He would make a fool of himself, while she glided across the dance floor like a swan.

"I need a water," Jill gasped after they had both worked up quite the sweat under the lights. "I'm going to the bar, do you want anything?"

"Not a chance. Let me get it sweetheart," Max objected. It was not very chivalrous to send a lady on her own to get drinks. It's another "responsibility" for the men.

"I want to. I'd like to see what else they have to drink."

"Get me another of these," he said as he shook his now empty glass. "I'm going to use the restroom while you're doing what should be my duty."

Max headed to the restroom while Jen made a b-line for the bar. She squeezed in between two chairs, one empty and one being occupied by a beautiful redhead in a tight white dress. Jill couldn't help but notice the woman, with the long straight fiery hair, flawless milky white skin, and green eyes that looked like giant emeralds. The bartender got her order and immediately gave her the water she requested while he made the other drinks. The two ladies glanced back and forth at each other, eyes darting away as the other looked over. Any halfway observant person could see there was already some attraction and tension between the two and they hadn't even spoken. 

The beauty in the white dress finally broke the tension, "I couldn't help but notice the two of you on the dance floor. You're quite graceful. My name is Laura."

"Well thank you very much. My name is Jill."

"The guy you're with doesn't have the grace you do, but he makes up for it in enthusiasm," she joked, hoping to keep the conversation going. "Maybe you and I should dance tonight."

"That sounds like it could be fun. You look like you know your way around a dance floor," Jill responded. She couldn't believe she had just said that. Jill was not the flirtatious type, especially to a woman. "I need to get these drinks over to my husband. It's a pleasure to meet you."

Max had returned to the table only to see Jill and the radiant redhead talking at the bar. He sat down and curiously observed his wife. She was generally very shy and would only give short answers to strangers. This wasn't a long conversation, but it was more than her typical engagement. He immediately pictured the two women at the bar, stark naked on a bed tangled in a whirlwind of lust. Blood rushed to his member as he pictured the scene in his mind. He had to adjust to stay comfortable as he grew inside his slacks. He was so deep in the vision that he didn't notice his wife return to the table. 

"Here you are," Jill said as she handed him his drink. 

"Who were you talking to", he responded quickly as he was forced back to reality by his wife's words.

"Just some lady at the bar. I'm probably wrong, but I think she may have been flirting with me. She asked me if I wanted to dance."

Max felt his cock grow even further as she explained the short conversation to him. Now his mind was racing with the idea of seeing the most beautiful woman in his world lying with the gorgeous redhead at the bar. Black and white dresses falling on the floor, hair swaying around as they caressed each other, kissed, rubbed...

"Max! Are you even listening to me?"

"Sorry honey. I was just thinking of something else", he responded, unsure what to say. "Why don't you go dance with her? I suck and it would be nice to watch you out there for a change. What's the worst that could happen? I say go for it."

"I couldn't do that. It would be too embarrassing. Besides, this is supposed to be our night together."

"Don't worry about that. Do you honestly think I would be upset watching two beautiful women dance with each other? I can tell by the way you're talking you want to go. Now quit thinking and just go over there and ask her to dance." 

The last sentence was more of a command than a suggestion. 

"I guess one dance won't hurt," she said in that unsure tone that indicated her hesitancy. "You don't mind?"

"Go. Have fun."

Jill slowly got out of her seat and started walking over to the mysterious redhead, looking back at Max more than once along the way. When she got to the bar, Laura was talking to a gentleman that had taken the seat next to her. Jill started to turn and head back to the table when Laura grabbed her by the arm.

"Hey, you again. Are we going to dance tonight or what?"

"That's why I came over. Max, my husband, wants to sit this one out. Care to join me, unless you're busy," she asked, glancing at the gentleman next to her. Again, she could not comprehend the words coming out of her mouth. She was already completely out of her comfort zone and on the verge of running away when Laura jumped out of the bar stool, grabbed Jill by the hand and led her out onto the crowded dance floor.

The two found a spot conveniently in front of Max, to his delight, and began to dance in a very innocent manner. Neither touching the other, but smiles on their faces. Max couldn't help but notice the way the two were looking at each other. Jill would continually glance at Max with uncertainty, but her eyes always made their way back to the body dancing in front of her. It didn't take long before they had a hand around each other's waste and were starting to get a little more comfortable with the situation. Their legs were intertwined with each other as they ground their pelvises against the other. Max saw the two of them whispering in each other's ear but he was entirely too far away to make out what was being said.

"To be a fly on the wall," he thought.

The seductive show continued for a few songs when the two of them finally stopped dancing. Sweating and breathing heavily, they both headed back to the table. 

"Max, this is Laura. Laura, Max," Jill introduced.

"It's nice to meet you Laura. What are you drinking tonight? I need a refill and it is unacceptable for a woman to be empty handed in my presence."

He rushed to the bar to get the 3 of them a drink, looking like a school kid headed for the playground. When he came back to the table, he sat down at the only seat available, next to his wife. He set the drinks down and looked at the two women at his table. Jill gave him a look that was a mixture of excitement and fear, then nodded downward. Max looked and Laura had her hand most of the way up Jill's leg. Max was already excited about the events taking place this evening, but this was enough to make his cock fully erect. He decided to see if he could nudge things along.

"Are you hear with anyone Laura? I didn't see anyone with you at the bar," he asked hoping for the right answer to come.

"No, I was supposed to meet a friend who just broke up with her boyfriend, but when I got here, she texted and said she was going to see him. I got stood up by a friend, luckily," and looked straight to Jill.

"Lucky, indeed," he added.

The trio spent the next hour or so talking, drinking, and dancing together. By this time, everyone had their share of liquid courage. All of them were starting to get a little touchy and the conversation was filled with innuendo. Max had even witnessed Jill rubbing on Laura under the table. None of it too provocative, but the message was clear. The table was getting turned on....all of them.

"I need to go to the restroom, I'll be right back. Don't you two go anywhere," Laura commanded. 

The redheaded beauty walked away, ass bouncing in that tight white dress, hair swaying back and forth, and Max was pushed to his limit.

"What do you think," he asked Jill.

"About?"

"Why don't we invite her back to our room," Max asked. "It's obvious that you are turned on right now. I saw you touching and rubbing her. Not to mention the fact that I can see your nipples through that dress and you have been on me more and more as this night continues."

"No. I couldn't possibly do that. I've never been with a woman, except for that night at the club when you forced the situation. I'm not prepared to do that Max," she responded. "What about your headache?"

"What headache," he answered with a smile. "I don't know what you're talking about."

Oh how she wanted to. She wanted to say yes, grab them both, go straight to the hotel, and start a sensuous pile of bodies right now. The thought made her quiver and she could feel the wetness between her thighs. He was right. She was getting hotter and hotter as the night progressed, but the shy conservative inside kept telling her no. 

"You know what I think? I think you want nothing more than to grab the two of us, leave here, and taste the redhead in the white dress. To see her on our bed, all three of us entwined in passion," he whispered in her ear, knowing what it would do to her. He saw her breathing increase and he went on. "You want to feel her soft lips between your legs, her tongue brushing against your clit, her hair pouring over you, and my rock hard cock in your mouth."

"Max! Stop it!"

"Why, is it turning you on even more?"

"No, it's...yes."

Laura returned from the restroom and plopped back down in her chair next to Jill and asked, "Yes, what?"

"Jill here was just telling me how she would like to get out of here and go back to the hotel," Max said before Jill could get a word out.

The look she shot Max was a mixture of horror, embarrassment, and delight. She smacked him on the arm, but couldn't contain the smile she had on her face.

"Laura, would you like to come back to our hotel with us? We could have a few drinks and get to know one another better," Max asked directly, not really caring what Jill thought at this point. He knew what she wanted, even if she didn't have the courage to say it.

"I thought you'd never ask", replied Laura. 

She stood up, grabbed Jill by the hand and lifted her out of her seat. She turned Jill toward her and went in for one of the softest, most seductive kisses Max had ever witnessed. It made him weak in the knees, say nothing about Jill who was about to fall down from the euphoria behind that kiss.

"I'll go pay the tab. Laura, why don't you keep Jill company while I'm gone." 

He walked over, put his arm on both of their wastes. He gently kissed Jill on the lips, turned his head and did the same to Laura. Max paid the tab quickly and raced back to the two beauties he was about to take home. The three of them slid out the door, poured themselves into a cab, and headed back to the hotel.

The cab ride back to the hotel was quiet, but the action was intense. 6 hands rubbing, tugging, caressing their way down the busy city street. Jill and Laura were kissing when Max entered the cab and told the driver where to. Laura had her hand on Jill's left tit, which was already out of the dress and Jill was brushing her hand up Laura's thigh. Max knew this was what she wanted. He always knows what she wants. He enjoyed the show for a while, as surely the driver was enjoying it as well. Finally, Max put his hand on Jill's knee and slowly worked his way up her thigh to her soaking black thong. She let out a gasp as he pushed it aside and slid his finger up her slit, stopping at her nub. Laura worked her mouth down her neck to the exposed mound and began kissing and sucking Jill's nipple with such softness. The two teamed up on Jill in the cab, taking turns kissing her and sliding a finger in her dripping flower. It wasn't long before Jill was noticeably climaxing, which only intensified the efforts of the two molesting her in the back of the cab. Her body clinched and she let out a moan that caused the driver to look back. Through his mirror, the driver witnessed Jill's first orgasm of the night. Mouth open, chest heaving, and legs clinched as wave after wave pulsated through her body. Everyone was brought back to reality when the driver hit the curb and almost ended up on the sidewalk. Max and Laura laughed hysterically, while Jen cowered in embarrassment at the thought of the driver watching her climax.

The trio exited the cab quickly when they arrived and headed straight for the elevator. Once in the elevator, Max stood in the corner and watched as the two ladies kissed. Their tongues darting in and out of each other, hands sliding up the side and to a breast. A tweak of the nipple, a grab of the ass. It was almost too much for him as he watched these sexy women attack each other in the elevator. His cock was at full mast by the time they got to their room. If he wasn't careful he could blow too soon and kill his involvement in the party to come.

Max fumbled with the key card, trying to get the door open while Jill and Laura continued their sensuous session. Jill's dress hit the floor about the time the door came open and the three of them poured in quickly. Max grabbed the dress, entered, and shut the door behind him. 
