 After midnight we began to tire of the old bar scene. Anthony suggested a strip club just for fun. Of course, I was reluctant after my last experience at a strip club but I accepted the offer and off we went. I had only been in a strip club twice so Anthony picked one of the more classy and expensive ones around so it would be a better experience and he knew my friend Heather worked there.

The place was packed already and we grabbed a table that was left. We sipped on a few beers while waiting for the next set to start. We watched some of the on stage dancers. We started comparing which ones were better. Anthony would "accidentally" brush my nipples or let his hand drift close to my crotch. The alcohol was having an effect. I squirmed from his touch and began to softly moan. A few dancers asked us to come up to the stage, but I was still a little reluctant and I turned them down. Anthony told me we should go up for one dance that this place was classy and he wanted me to see this, so I agreed.

We watched several of the girls and picked out one we both liked. As the stripper ended her set, Heather caught our eye. She was up next. We decided this would be the best one to go up to mainly because we discussed before that I thought Heather was hot and Anthony agreed.

Heather started dancing directly above us. Anthony was loving this and getting quite horny. He was getting quite brave cause the next thing I knew he moved his hand under my shirt. I offered no protest, and I just gave him a sneaky sexy smile. I was really getting into this when Heather dropped to her knees and removed her top. Her breasts were like 38D and she rubbed them all over right there for our view.

Heather must have saw what Anthony was up to. Heather moved closer to me. Heather preceded to push her tits in my face and rubbed her nipples across my lips. Damn I could not help myself. I had to lick one of her nipples. Our eyes locked and she knew what I had wanted to do to her all these months. Heather had my full attention now. She stood over us again gyrating and rubbing, with a little gleam in her eye knowing now.

Heather was going try to get to me now that she knew. She slid her thong off and gestured for me to help her. I was more than willing so I could see what her sweet pussy looked like. Heather bent over and gave us full rear view before getting down and leaning back. She started rubbing her pussy right there in front of us. Her set was about over and she leaned in and whispered to us that we could see the rest when she see gets off tonight. She leaned to me and gave me a passionate kiss I almost fell off my chair.

We had always wanted to try out a threesome. But finding that third partner was a chore, she had to be just right, I would not just accept any women. Now was our chance. Heather came over to the table after she got changes and asked if were ready.

I thought we would never get home. We shared some idle chit chat but we all knew what was going to happen when we got back to the house. I was so wet just thinking of the possibilities.

When we got home I put on some music. I asked Anthony to get us some beers. You could feel the heat building in that room. Before we know it, we're all up dancing, totally relaxed. The room dimly lit with scented candles, creating an erotic atmosphere.

We have finished our beers, and its effects have warmed us all, adding to the relaxed atmosphere. 

"Come and dance with me." Heather said as she grabbed my hand. Soon we were grinding together. Heather's hands worked their way under my skirt. I could not help but smile as I could feel one of her fingers enter my wet pussy.

Anthony joined us. He stood behind me, pressing his cock against my ass, his hands rubbing my stomach, working his way up to my tits, driving me wild. I eventually could not take much more so I suggested we move to the bedroom. I was so ready to start this.

I diverted Anthony into a chair we had placed in front of the bed, instructing him to watch. "You cannot touch either of us or yourself, until I say you can!" 

I wanted to see him fuck Heather, fuck her like she had never been fucked before, but first I wanted to taste her. Lying Heather on the bed, I started to kiss her sexy body. We were all buzzing pretty good, but Heather turned me on so much. I slowly start to glide down her body, briefly stopping to suck and nibble on her tits before moving down towards your wet and ready pussy. I slid her panties to the side and began to lick her pussy.

I teasingly spread the lips of her pussy and began softly licking all along the slit, from bottom to top. I then begin flicking my tongue against her clit, driving her wild. As her body started reacting to my tongue she squirmed in desire. I stuck my finger deep inside her pussy and began to pump it in and out. She moaned loud, arching her back. Anthony was rock hard watching us together. I wanted to give him the show of his life. 

I slid two fingers inside her pussy and fucked her hard. She began to pinch her nipples, caressing her body down to her stomach. Heather grabbed a handful of my hair and pushed my face on her pussy harder. I sucked her clit and fucked her harder. She was moaning louder every time I thrust my fingers inside her.

"Oh God, oh God I'm going to cum. Don't stop, don't stop! Ooohh god!" She was breathing so hard, arching her back and moaning loud. Just as she was about to cum, I dove my tongue as deep in her pussy as I could get. Mmmmmm she tasted so good. 

“Enjoying the show?” I said with a mischievous grin.

He nodded and licked his lips

I thought by now Anthony needed a little attention. She looked at Anthony, then at me. I told her to go ahead if she wanted to. She got up and knelt down between Anthony's legs. Sliding his boxers down, she began to lick the head of his cock. Down his shaft, sucking on each of his balls, then back up to his cock sucking it hard.

"I want you to cum down the back of my throat. Mmmmmm! I love your cock and I can't wait to taste your girlfriend's beautiful pussy." I could tell Anthony was getting close so I moved beside Heather and began licking his balls while she sucked his cock. Anthony grabbed a handful of hair from each of us. 

He pushed Heather down on his cock and moaned, "Don't stop, I'm going to cum in your sweet mouth. Oh yeah. Just like that. " He moaned louder as he began to shoot warm loads of cum down her throat. "Oh, you like that? Don't you?" 

"Uh-huh, I love it!" she said licking the remaining cum off her lips. She kissed me so we could share his cum. God, I do not think I ever have been this turned on. 

Anthony was rock hard watching very soon from watching me and Heather kissing. I got up and motioned for him to take her. He thrust his hard cock into her wet pussy. Her pussy was wet with her juices and my saliva. I watched as he fucked her harder and harder. I was so excited seeing this that I got out my dildo and started to fuck my own pussy in rhythm to their fucking. Anthony knew I was close to cumming, so he suggested a switch. He wanted to see Heather fuck me with her tongue. 

Heather got down between my legs and licked me from the top of my slit all the way to my ass; I was squirming with joy. Slowly up and down my slit she licked, pausing at my clit to nibble it between her teeth very gently. Between my moans, I told Anthony to take her from behind. I wanted him to fuck her while she was going down on me. As soon as he entered her wet pussy from behind, she was moaning into me, licking me faster and faster, paying more attention to my clit. I knew we were both going to cum any minute. Anthony started pushing into her harder, making her face go into my pussy harder, and all at once we all came. Anthony filled her sweet pussy with his cum, as I came in Heather's mouth, I looked down and I could see her juices and his flowing down her legs. 

"Lets switch" I moaned. "I want to get fucked now!" I then got on my hands and knees and Anthony stood at the end of the bed, behind me. Heather started rubbing her clit as he started pounding me. I leaned down and started licking her pussy. Swirling my tongue around her clit. God it felt incredible. I was moaning louder with every thrust from Anthony. He slapped my ass hard several times. I squealed every time his hand came down. I was nibbling her clit very lightly, finger fucking her pussy so hard.

"I'm going to cum" I screamed "Ooohhh God! Don't stop baby. Fuck me harder. Oh ya." I moaned louder than ever as I felt waves of my orgasm.

As Heather began to climax again, she let out a scream, "Oh yeah, fuck that pussy! Harder. Make her take it. Give that pussy what it needs." He was fucking me harder than I thought was possible. Holding me by my hips, thrusting with all his strength. 

I could tell that Anthony was getting close. He was using all his strength to please me. Fucking me harder than he had ever had. I was enjoying every second and hoped that the both of them were having fun as well. We were all breathing hard, Anthony was grunting louder with every thrust. He told me to get on my hands and knees beside Heather. "I want to take turns fucking both of you." 

He pulled his dick out of my pussy "Do you want me to fuck that sweet pussy or that tight little asshole?" He asked as he gave her ass smack. 

"Oohh fuck my ass. You'll love it, I promise. Please I want that cock in my ass so bad." 

"Tell Dee how much you like it." He said being rough with her. Jerking her head back by her hair and smacking her ass. 

"Oh Dee it feels so good."

He quickly pulled out and stuffed his cock into my pussy. Holding me by the waist as I started kissing Heather. She got under me and started nibbling and sucking my tits. That was all I could take. She grabbed my ass and began to dig her nails into my flesh. He kept thrusting harder and harder. "I love fucking that tight pussy. You love it to don't you." 

I screamed as my orgasm rippled through my body. "Oh God. I'm cumming!" 

That was a night to remember for all of us. But it was not the last night we would all share together we all agreed wholeheartedly on that one.