 Jill turned off the taps, her shower finished with. Wrapping the white towel around her dripping torso, she walked across the upstairs landing towards her bedroom. The small clock on the mantle piece chimed out the hour. It was eight ‘o clock. Jill walked over towards the full-length mirror that adorned the wall of her bedroom and dropping the towel surveyed herself. She had meticulously groomed herself that night. After all it wasn’t every day that one got an invite to the Manor.

Her friend Susan had wangled the invitation from some businessman that she had met during one of her one-night stands. Jill had been looking forwards to the party all week, and wanted to look her best. 

As she surveyed her reflection, she smiled wickedly to herself. ‘Your alright babe, we’ll knock em dead’ she chuckled. Turning sideward, she gently grasped her breasts in her hands, feeling their firmness and smoothness, and squeezed them together. Jill was happy with her breasts. Not too large and then again not too small. No sign of sagging. Her pert young nipples stood proud and smartly to attention. Turning again to face the mirror, she traced her hand down along her flat belly: which had the faintest outline of a ‘six pack’ and patted it approvingly. These long hours in the gym had paid off.

Her fingers continued downwards, over the baldness of her pubis. “Mmm…like a ‘babies bum’ she laughed as she rubbed the smoothness. She had always shaved her pubes, ever since her first boyfriend had complained that he couldn’t see enough of her. She always thought this a bit strange, because she hadn’t had much hair there to begin with. Still she enjoyed the feeling it gave her of being completely naked. Parting her legs slightly, she pulled apart the lips of her pussy, and clicked the tiny gold clitoris ring with her finger. The sensation sent small tingly tremors through her body. She liked that ring; it could be such a turn on.

Her inspection complete, Jill opened the door of her wardrobe and removed a short black cocktail dress. Holding it up for inspection she frowned, before rejecting it.

“No!” she muttered to herself, “Tonight will have to be something special, something really sexy!”

Reaching down into the floor of the wardrobe, Jill retrieved a small cardboard shoebox, and spilled its contents onto the bed. This was Jill’s secret box, the one she always kept hidden away from prying eyes, particularly these of the cleaning woman. Bending down Jill picked up the photo’s that were lying on the top of the pile. Just holiday snaps really, apart from the last one, which showed Jill bending over a table, with a Spanish waiters cock in her mouth. This in it’s self wasn’t all that unusual, what was unusual, and she didn’t want the cleaning woman to see, was the fact that, whilst she was busy giving head, she also had another Spanish guy with his cock buried up her arse to it’s hilt.

Jill smiled as she remembered the experience. Her friend Susan, who had made it her ambition to get screwed by every horny Spanish waiter in the hotel, had taken the snapshot whilst on holiday last year. It was the first time that Jill had ever experienced anal sex. She remembered how it had hurt like hell afterwards, but at the time she had been too drunk to really feel anything. She had already decided that she would like to repeat the performance however; perhaps even with three guys this time.

The next item in the box was a black rubber dildo. Picking it up Jill held it in front of herself and jokingly waggled it around. The dildo had been a present from one of her mates at work last Christmas. Jill remembered what a Pratt he had been. The thing was a monster, far too big to be of any use. Well for her anyway, but it hadn’t stopped her friend Susan from nearly crippling herself in the attempt to insert the thing.

Next in the box was what looked like a red stocking? “Ahh this is the very thing,” she mused as she held it up to the light. The stocking was indeed the dress that she had been saving for her next holiday venture. She decided that it would be ideal for tonight’s party. After all the invite stated quite clearly ‘dress to please, dress to tease!

Jill grinned, ‘with this dress I’ll do both’.

Slipping it on, it clung to her like a second skin and was completely see-through. It had cost her a small fortune, but with hind sight she could have quite easily have made her own, by cutting out the foot part of one of her own stockings. Still it was too late now to be worrying over spent pennies. Walking back to the mirror, Jill did her best to adjust the dress. The problem was that the thing was too short. She found that if she pulled up the dress to cover her ‘boobs’ then the hemline didn’t cover her crotch. If she pulled down the hemline, then her tits just bounced into view. The answer was to compromise. She adjusted the bust line so it cut across the aureole of her nipples. This way at least the hemline would just about cover her pubic bone. Not as though it really mattered, because the dress was completely see-through anyway.

To complete the outfit Jill slid on her matching red shoes. The shoes, which were purchased as a match for the dress, were even more impractical due to the length of the stiletto heels. Walking was almost impossible and great care had to be taken so as not to fall over. Still men seemed to find them a huge turn on, and besides they did accentuate her calf muscles when she walked. Jill surveyed her reflection one last time, and couldn’t help but give herself a silent ‘wolf whistle’ She knew she looked stunning and ready to take on the world. Clutching her invite, she opened the window and signaled to the waiting taxi that she was on her way.

The look on the cab drivers face as she slid onto the back seat was a real delight. She noticed that he adjusted the rear view mirror as she sat down. From the way he had angled it down to look at her legs, there was no way he could ever see out of the rear window. Jill smiled and asked him to take her to Ripley Manor. As she did so, she uncrossed her legs and parted her knees slightly. She felt a thrill of excitement as she sat looking out of the window, pretending not to notice the glances that the driver was giving at his mirror. The ride it’s self was uneventful apart from nearly hitting a tree as they rounded a bend at the entrance to the manor.

Jill stepped out of the taxi, but not before opening her legs widely to do so. Her dress had ridden it’s self up to around her waist as she leaned through the drivers window with the payment. She handed him the fare plus tip, and then before she could catch her tongue, she pointed to the mans obvious bulge and quipped, “You ought to go and get that lanced! It looks terribly swollen.”

The driver just grinned and fidgeted in his seat, watching Jill as she walked up the steps of the porch. Jill pulled her dress down as far as she could, turned and winked at the driver. ‘That will give him something to tell back at the depot’ she mused as she rang the large ornate bell pull.

After a few minutes, the large wooden door creaked, and then slowly cracked open. A small unassuming man, dressed in butler uniform took her invitation and then ushered her into a small room at the right of what Jill assumed to be the Library. The room was almost pitch black, and completely devoid of furniture, save for a Chesterfield sofa and a few scatter cushions on the floor.

“Please wait here Madam, her Ladyship will be with you presently,” said the little

man, as he retreated from the room. Jill sat on the sofa and grimaced at its hardness.

She had never been able to fathom out why the things were so terribly expensive,

after all surely one bought a sofa to curl up on and be comfortable. The Chesterfield

had all the comfort of a house brick! The only lighting in the room seemed to emanate from the ceiling. Leaning back, Jill surveyed the strange blue glow and what seemed like hundreds of Butterflies fluttering above her head. It was a most unusual sight. Then she suddenly realized what she was watching.

The ceiling was made of glass, and the light was from the room above. “Shoes!” she suddenly exclaimed. “There the soles of shoes…dancing.”

She watched for several minutes, fascinated by the originality of her hosts. The room appeared to be soundproof, and she wondered what music they were all dancing to. It seemed strangely surreal sitting there watching. Jill also noticed that she wasn’t the only one not wearing panties that night.

“Hello you must be Jill…Susan’s friend,” said a voice from within the room. Startled Jill attuned her eyes to the semi-darkness, and saw a woman standing a few feet away. The woman had entered through a curtain that had been pulled aside at the back of the room.

“Lady Beatrice?” asked Jill standing and offering her hand.

“Betty…Betty… please. We don’t stand for all that Lord and Lady stuff and nonsense up here at the manor. Not until it comes to paying the bills anyway,” she laughed. “Now come on, I bet your ready for a drink…Oh nice dress by the way. It’s so nice to see young blood entering into the spirit of things.”

Jill immediately warmed to the woman. Following her through the heavy velvet drape, they ascended a narrow staircase. Jill noticed that although Betty would never see fifty again, she looked remarkably fit. She seemed to glide up the steep narrow stairs like a cat. From her vantage point, a few steps behind. Jill noticed that her Ladyship was wearing a black cat suit, which seemed incredibly close fitting. She wondered how the woman had ever gotten it on, as there didn’t appear to be any openings or zippers. The suit was finished of with a silver waist chain and pixie boots. As they approached the upper landing, Jill also noticed that the woman couldn’t possibly be wearing anything underneath, there wasn’t room for a start.

Betty noticed Jill’s puzzled stares. “Ahh…Your wondering about the costume aren’t you my dear? Wondering how an old biddy like me could ever get into the thing? Well the truth is…I can’t. It’s paint…body paint. Clever isn’t it? Go on touch it if you like,” she invited.

Jill reached out her hand and touched the woman. “It’s skin,” she exclaimed in surprise.

“Yes…bloody clever isn’t it?” laughed Betty. “Completely fools everyone, except when I sit down carelessly, if you know what I mean. Then I’m afraid the games up.”

Jill just loved this woman. Somehow she just knew that this was going to be the party to end all parties.

“Right ho, here we are,” said her Ladyship opening a small door. “In you go and have fun.”

Jill entered through the open doorway and was immediately blinded by the light. It took her a few moments to adjust. The room was huge, and magnificent in its décor, resembling something you would only see in a Las Vegas casino. A huge stage dominated one end of the room. A dance band was playing full swing in its center. Jill recognized the tune, ‘Glenn Miller’s In the Mood’. Along one wall on her left, a bar had been built out of what appeared to be solid marble. A small group was sitting on barstools, watching a couple of girls performing on the counter top. The girls, both in their teens, were completely naked and down in the sixty-nine position eating one another’s pussies. A large portly man was holding a dildo and working it in and out of one of the girl’s rectum.

A large dance floor was positioned in the middle of the room, surrounded on all sides by white leather sofas. This must have been the dance floor that she had viewed earlier. Jill looked around the room for her friend Susan. It took a few minutes before she managed to spot her across the other side of the dance floor. As she approached the edge of the dance floor, she was suddenly aware that the room had gone completely silent. The band had stopped playing, and all the dancers had resumed their seats.

“Ladies and Gentlemen,” announced the bandleader. “Please put your hands together to welcome our newest member to the circle…Jill!”

If she could have crawled underneath the nearest beer mat at that moment she would have. Jill was suddenly aware of every pair of eyes in the room watching her. She just knew that this was Susan’s doing. Jill stepped out onto the glass floor, and everyone erupted in cheers and hand clapping. Then the real reason became apparent. The dance floor was a huge two- way mirror. Looking down, and with every step she took, she was aware that every person in the room now knew that she sported a gold ‘clitty’ ring.

The shoes made it difficult to walk quickly, so Jill had to contend with taking large slow strides to cover the distance to her friend. Every stride revealed her most intimate parts to the room. Although feigning shocked horror, Jill was secretly thrilled at the prospect.

As suddenly as it had stopped, the band reared up again and the dancers returned to the floor. Jill found her friend against the back wall. She was sitting on an elderly mans lap and waving furiously. Jill approached her friend who was grinning from ear to ear like a Cheshire cat on heat.

“Quite an entrance,” remarked Sue. Then added, “Love the dress.”

“Did you have anything to do with that?” enquired Jill, trying to look serious.

Before her friend could reply a voice interrupted, “Can I get you a drink Madam?”

To be continued…….