 Jill glanced around to see a tall blonde man carrying a large silver tray. The man, in his early twenties, had a body that she could have died for. His smile seemed to light up the room. It wasn't his smile, nor his bronzed muscular build that held her attention. It was the fact that he was totally naked, except for a small white loincloth covering his groin. Jill held his stare, there eyes smiling at each other.

"I'll have a Gin and Tonic," she said at last, "Lemon, but no ice."

The waiter nodded and went off to fetch her drink. She watched him walk away, his naked buttocks free as the day he had been born. Jill new instinctively that she was going to have him before the evening was through. The thought of caressing these tight buttocks, made her shiver.

"That's Brett," volunteered Susan, "He's a twin."

"You mean there's two of them?" replied Jill, not daring to think of what she could get up too... with both of them, given half the chance.

Jill sat down and faced her friend, who was sitting on some old guys lap. Jill noticed that Sue had also dressed to thrill. More endowed in the tit department, she wore a low cut powder blue tank top, which did little to hide her ample breasts. Her slim midriff, marred only by the small golden Dolphin that pierced her naval, was fully exposed. A tiny brown leather mini skirt completed her outfit, and from the way she was sitting on the guy's lap, with one foot resting on the small glass coffee table in front of her, she hadn't bothered with underwear either.

"This is Boris," surrendered her friend, "It's ok you can speak freely, he doesn't speak any English," she added.

"New boyfriend?" quizzed Jill, half jokingly. It wouldn't have surprised her in the least if it was, Sue seemed to latch onto anything in pants. Just so long as it had a dick between it's legs, Susan would want to fuck it.

"Give me a break," laughed her friend, "even I have my limits."

This shocked Jill... 'Sue had limits?'

"Perhaps you can give me a hand here," suggested Sue. "He's taking far too long."

With that, Sue placed her other foot onto the table. From Jill's vantage point, she could see straight up her friend's skirt. Jill was correct; her friend had left off her panties as usual. She could see the tiny bush of neatly trimmed hair around Sue's 'Mons Venus' Jill also noticed that her friend appeared to be impaled onto Boris's cock. She could see the thing pushed up, nestling between her friend's labia, forcing the lips apart.

"How long have you been like that?" enquired Jill, staring at the peculiar sight, and wondering how he was managing to keep it locked in.

"About twenty minutes now," replied Sue. "It seemed like a good lark at the time, but he's taking his time," she laughed. "See if you can help him along any, I'm dying for a pee!"

Jill drew her chair closer and removed her shoes. Opening her legs, she slowly began to finger herself, whilst at the same time resting her feet on Susan's shoulders. Confident that she now had Boris's full attention, Jill began to rub her clitoris with vigor. Susan in the meantime sat there, slowly rotating her hips, upon the man's erect member. Jill stared hard into Boris's eyes as she moaned softly. It appeared to be working; she could see that he had started breathing a bit heavier. With her free hand, Jill dipped the fingers between Susan's legs, and coated them in her friend's pussy juices. When she felt that her fingers were adequately lubricated, she removed them and offered them up to Boris's mouth. He sucked at the fingers, like a newborn baby at its mother's tit. From the expression on his face, it wouldn't be long now. Jill removed her fingers, and placed them between her own lips, sucking on them eagerly, whilst making feigned sounds of ecstasy. She then moaned out loud, as she inserted two of her fingers into her vagina. Jill although only role-playing for her friends benefit, found that she was getting quite turned on herself. She removed her sopping fingers from between her legs and held them up to the light, inches away Boris's face.

"Look Boris," she exclaimed delightfully, opening her fingers, so as the ballroom lights shone through the sticky residue. "Church windows!" 

She then offered them up to Boris's lips. That was the straw that broke the camels back. The two girls watched poor old Boris writhing and twitching. Jill looked down between her friend's legs, in time to see his seminal come, slowly oozing out of Sue's fanny. Boris had shot his load!

Sue picked up a paper table napkin, and wiped herself between the legs. After which she held the sopping tissue under Boris's nose and teased. "You know what that is Boris? That's the scent of a real woman!"

Both girls broke out into a fit of giggles. "Sue, you can be quite the dirty little slut at times," Jill sniggered, watching Boris deposit the tissue in his top jacket pocket.

"Takes one to know one," replied Sue, "I'm going for a pee, you keep Boris busy till I get back."

Jill hadn't the faintest idea how she could keep the old guy busy. He'd just deposited his load! "Ok" she replied, "I'll try."

Jill turned to face the old man. She purposely kept her legs open, more for the thrill of watching the expression on his face than anything else. Jill judged him to be in his late fifties, although it was hard to tell with some men. He might have been older, but whatever his age, 'he must have been a 'Dapper' in his time' she thought. Her musings were suddenly interrupted by a voice at the side of her. It was the naked waiter Brett, returning with her drink.

"Your Gin and Tonic madam," he smiled, stooping and offering the tray. Jill returned the smile, wetting her lips as she took note of the way his 'pectorals ' stood firm, only inches away from her face. Jill was so tempted to brush her cheeks against them, to taste his nipple in her mouth.

Jill now slightly flushed reached up to retrieve her drink from the offered platter. Before she had chance to grab the glass, Brett whipped the tray out of her reach and suggested, "It's customary to serve the first drink to new members this way."

Holding the glass in his right hand, Brett hid it beneath his white loincloth. "Go on retrieve it madam."

Jill's fingers trembled slightly; she could hardly believe her luck. She reached under the cloth, her fingers gently searching for her drink. She found the stem of her glass, and took it in her hand, the back of her hand gently rubbing his semi-erect penis. As she withdrew her hand, Brett threw her a wink, and whispered, "Later."

Jill slowly sipped her drink and watched his superb buttocks; make their way back across the dance floor. She found herself really wet, and sexually aroused as she thought of the pleasures yet to come.

"Ahh there you are Albert," declared Lady Beatrice. "I've been looking for you everywhere."

Her ladyship seemed to be addressing Boris.

"Oh, Sorry my dear... something came up," he replied, casting a sideward glance towards Jill.

"Oh hello dear, I didn't see you sitting there. Have you met my husband Lord Ashbury?" she said, addressing Jill.

Jill shook Bori...Lord Ashbury's hand whilst replying mischievously, "Yes but we haven't spoken for one reason or another."

"Oh dear, anyway there's plenty of time for chi chat later. Berty aren't you going to announce the start of the show?" replied her Ladyship.

Berty nodded and took his leave. Jill wondered if she should have mentioned that his flies were still un-zipped. She then turned to Betty and enquired, "Show?"

"Oh yes dear," she replied. "Best part of the evening for some people. They always seem to come back for more."

"I see," replied Jill, " and what's the show about tonight?"

"I'm not really sure, my husband booked them," she replied, "said something about 'a damm good fisting' whatever that means. Now move along, you want to get a good seat before it starts don't you?"

Jill thanked her Ladyship. 'Wow what a party' she thought, ' I can't wait to tell Susan, especially about Boris...Oh and the fisting show. I think that will be right up her street!'

Jill made her way towards the stage, the lights had already started to dim, and took her seat near the front. 'This is going to be good' she mused, flicking her clitty ring in expectation...

To be continued...