 My wife Jill was led on the sofa when I came in from work. She was wearing her short pyjama's. Jill had come a long way this year with her sexuality. Up until a few months ago our sex life was basically dead. But one day she came out with how she felt I was missing out on sex. We had a long chat and she declared that she would be more available for sex in future. This even went as far as her hooking me up with Mandy who was one of her friends, to fill in the blank days.

In turn this led to an unplanned evening where Jill had her first bisexual experience. Although this was not something that Jill has since mentioned wanting to repeat. We then went onto our next step which was meeting a guy for a 3some. We have met him twice and the second meeting was where Jill let him have sex with her without a condom.

This brings us to this point and our next meeting.

"You had a good day at work?" She asked.

"Yeah not too bad." I answered.

"The kids are out for another hour or so, do you fancy going upstairs?" She asked with a smile on her face.

I just smiled and headed towards the stairs and headed to the bathroom first. Once I had freshened up I went into the bedroom and Jill had already stripped off and was lying naked on the bed. Like me Jill is in her mid-forties. She is 5"7 with short brown hair and she's a size 12. She has lovely 34 C cup breasts with dark pink nipples. She always had a trimmed pussy but of late she has started to shave it.

I had stripped down to my boxers while in the bathroom. I removed them and my 5 and half inches of hard cock was ready for her. I got my 6ft stocky frame on to the bed next to Jill. We started with kissing and already I felt Jill's hand stroking my cock. I slid my hand down between her legs and stroked her shaved pussy. We kissed more passionately before Jill broke the kiss.

"We might not have too much time," She said.

I knew this was only going to be a quickie and I rolled on to my back and pulled Jill on top of me. Jill slid my cock in to her and she leant forward and we kissed, Jill was already moving back and forth on my cock. Her pace was starting to get quicker and I could hear soft moans. It wasn't long before she orgasmed softly as she always did. I could feel myself getting closer until I felt ready to cum inside her. I gave out a shout as I shot inside her, as she felt this she leant forward and we kissed.

Jill moved off me and led next to me on the bed. There were a couple minutes of silence before Jill spoke.

"You know this guy we spoke to called Warren?"

The guy she was referring to was somebody we had chatted to online. He lived about a 30-minute drive away and had his own place. He seemed nice and genuine and we chatted a few times. He sent us a couple of pictures of himself naked and Jill was a little unnerved. He was very well endowed and she had never entertained that kind of size. 

Both our children were delivered by C section, so she had never given birth naturally. Also add in all the time she was not having regular sex, so her pussy was quite tight. 

She wasn't sure and told me she didn't think that it would be for her. I spoke to Warren and he understood but offered just to meet for some fun. He suggested that she could have a play but didn't have to have sex. I had put this to Jill but she still didn't seem to want to meet. I decided not to push it any further.

"What about him," I answered.

"You said that he would meet but didn't have to have sex."

"That's what he said."

"If you were ok with it, I would be fine with that. We could meet and see what happens," she suggested.

"That would be great, but only if you want to."

"Yes, I'm willing to see what happens," She answered.

"Would it excite you to see me play with a big cock like his?" Jill asked.

I didn't answer but just looked down the bed at my hard cock. The thought of it was already making me horny. Jill smiled and moved down the bed and took my hard cock in her mouth. She sucked hard and fast as I put my hands on the back of her head. It wasn't long before I could feel I was close to cumming in her mouth. I gave out a moan before feeling my cum shooting in to her mouth. Jill swallowed it down before moving back up the bed for a kiss. 

As soon as we got dressed again we went downstairs, I went online and sent a message to Warren. I told him that Jill was now ready to meet, I also added what days we would be free in the coming week. Warren responded the next day and suggested the following Saturday afternoon at his house. I told Jill we had sorted it out and she was excited and a little nervous about it.

The week seemed to drag, until finally Saturday arrived. I'd showered in the morning while Jill was out. When she returned she hit the shower as well, I was in the bedroom when she came in still drying off. I had dressed just casually in a dark blue t shirt and jeans. I watched as Jill dried herself off. As I watched I couldn't help but think of Warren enjoying her body while she enjoyed his cock.

Jill went over to the dresser and took out a pair of white lacy panties and put them on. Next, she took out a matching bra, she was about to put it on when I spoke.

"I think you would look better without that."

She turned to me and smiled.

"But the top I'm putting on is quite thin," she replied.

"So," was all the answer I gave.

Jill put the bra back and went over to the wardrobe and took out a white top. She pulled the top on and she was right, it was thin. While not completely see through, it was tight enough to show off her breasts and the outline of her nipples. Jill covered up with a beige jacket over her top. She then put on a light brown skirt and slipped on her high heels. We were ready to go and I could feel the nerves kicking in as we got in the car. The drive took about 30 minutes and there wasn't much conversation. I could sense that she was nervous and I still wondered if she would go through with it.

Warren lived in a small village and I drove down the narrow lane where he lived. There was a row of small cottages and he lived at the end one. We pulled up outside and Jill looked at me and gave a nervous smile.

"Are you ok?" I asked.

"Yeah, I'm fine, I just need to get in there and hopefully that will relax me." She answered.

We got out of the car and walked up the short path to the door. I led with Jill following behind. Before we got to the door it opened and we were greeted by Warren. He was about 6ft tall with short white hair and an average build. He was in his early fifties and certainly looked fit. He opened the door further and waved us inside.

"Hi well it's nice to finally meet you both." He said with a smile.

"Can I take your jacket?" He asked Jill.

She looked at me first before answering as it was covering her very thin top.

"Yeah sure." She answered.

She slipped off her jacket and handed it to Warren. His eyes gazed over her top and he could make out her nipples through the material. He then hung the jacket up and asked us to follow him. We went into his living room where there was a chair and a three-seat sofa. Me and Jill sat on the sofa as Warren asked us if we wanted a drink. Jill asked for a wine while I just had a soft drink.

He returned and handed us our drinks and sat on the chair. He was dressed in a light blue t shirt and a pair of dark blue shorts. We began to chat and at first it was everyday stuff. The talk moved onto sex and what experiences we had in our short time. Warren then discussed some of his experiences were with his then wife. He told us how sex was a great thing but in the end, that's all they had. They had decided to split a couple of years ago. Warren said he had only had a couple of encounters since joining the website we had met on.

We chatted a little more before Warren suggested moving it on.

"Is it ok with you if me and John swap places?" He asked Jill.

"Yeah, I'm good with that," answered Jill.

Warren and I swapped places and I sat on the chair as Warren sat next to Jill. We carried on chatting and I could see he was trying to put her at ease.

"Whatever you are comfortable with is fine with me." Warren said to her.

"You can just have a kiss and a feel, go all the way or something in between." He added.

Jill smiled and looked at Warren as she slightly adjusted her position. She put her arm around him and they leaned into each other. Their lips pushed against each other and they began to kiss as Warren put his hand on her shoulder. I watched as the kissing continued, and Warren's hand moved down her arm and onto her side. The kiss was broken, and Jill moved again and was now sat back. Warren moved in again and the kissing started again. 

His hand moved from her side and onto her chest. Her left breast was now being felt through the thin material of her top. Jill started to kiss more intensely as she felt Warren's hand rubbing her nipple through her top. His hand then moved down and onto her stomach, he slid his hand under her top and stroked her skin.

My cock was hard in my jeans as I watched Warren's hand moved up under her top. His hand moved slowly and eventually reached her breasts. I could see his hand caress them under her thin top. Jill was now starting to react, and she moved her hand onto his chest and rubbed his t shirt against his skin. 

Then Jill's hand moved down from his chest and to between his legs. Jill was now getting in the mood and I watched as she rubbed the crotch of Warren's shorts. Her hand stopped for a moment as she realised what was in there. She then carried on feeling the large lump that was now in his shorts.

She continued to rub his cock through his shorts, while Warren started to pull her top up. Jill pulled slightly away and broke the kiss. She moved her hand from between his legs. Warren pulled her top further up and over her head. He tossed it onto the arm of the sofa and they kissed once again. Her hand returned to his crotch while he again caressed her breasts. He gently squeezed her hard nipples as she continued to feel his cock.

She was still rubbing it through his shorts and I really wanted her to slide her hand inside them. It seemed Warren was thinking the same thing.

"You can slide your hand inside, it won't bite." He said as he laughed.

Jill smiled, she then moved her hand onto his stomach and then slid it down. Her hand went under the elastic waistband and into his shorts. Jill already had a smile on her face, that widened though as she finally got to feel him properly. Jill had never felt such a size and there was a look of pleasure and some surprise on her face. 

Warren then pulled his shorts down, so I could exactly see what my wife was playing with. Although we had seen pictures I could not help but stare at his hard and large cut cock. He certainly had a couple of inches on me, it was also fatter as well. 

"Come over and join in." Warren suggested to me.

I stood up and took off my t shirt before pulling off my jeans and boxers together. I walked over to them on the sofa, my 5 and a bit inches of uncut cock in front of me. Jill reached out to me as she sat upright. I stood in front of her and she ushered me a little more forward until she could reach my cock. She stroked it as I moved closer to her until it was in reach of her mouth.

I felt her breath on the tip of my cock as she slid it into her mouth. She slowly sucked on me while she still stroked Warren's cock. The vision of her sucking me and playing with Warren was bringing me closer to a finish and I didn't want that yet.

"Do you want to swap Warren?" I asked.

I couldn't wait to see Jill take his cock in her mouth and suck him. Warren got up and I stepped back and slid out of Jill's mouth. I sat next to Jill and Warren now stood in front of her. At first Jill seem to freeze, all she could do was stare as she saw it close up for the first time. I started to think this was as far as she would go, and she had lost her nerve.

Her right hand reached out slowly and took hold of his cock. At first, she stroked it like she had been doing before. She moved a little closer to the edge of the sofa, her mouth was so close to the head of his cock.

Warren moved a little closer and Jill opened her mouth and slowly slid the head of his cock inside. I was almost close to cumming just watching as she slowly sucked him. She then took a little more into her mouth before pulling back.

"Are you enjoying that?" Warren asked.

Jill smiled and answered.

"Yes, but I wouldn't be able to swallow all that," she said jokingly.

"Why don't we move up to the bedroom and get comfier." Suggested Warren.

Jill stood up and we followed Warren upstairs and into the front bedroom. It was an average sized room, a large bed took up a lot of the room. Warren took off his t shirt and now Jill was the only one left with some clothing on. Warren led on the bed and Jill then climbed on with him. She knelt between his open legs and again gazed at his large hard cock. 

Jill lowered her head down and I watched as she licked Warren's cock. She ran her tongue up and down his shaft as she caressed his balls. I moved around to stand behind her, I took hold of her skirt and undid it. I slipped it down her legs and she lifted each leg up slightly so I could remove it.

I caressed her ass through her lacy panties before sliding them off her. My fingers rubbed over her ass before I slid my right hand between her legs. She opened them a little more as she felt my fingers on her pussy. I slid my fingers over her soaking lips, I then slid a finger in to her hole. 

All the time I was doing this, she carried on sucking on Warren's cock. I was so tempted to slide my cock in to her pussy. I also wanted to watched Warren lick and play with her pussy. I wasn't really sure if he would want to taste cum in there as well. I slid another finger in to her and began to slide them in and out in a rhythm. I could hear a slight muffled moan from her as she continued to work on Warren's cock.

After a couple of minutes finger fucking her pussy and slid out my fingers. I put my soaking fingers between her ass cheeks and rub her juices over her hole. I rubbed a finger over her hole until I could just push the tip of my finger in to her ass. I did this for a minute or so before moving back to the side of the bed.

Jill pulled her mouth off Warren's cock and looked very pleased with herself.

"I think it's my turn now, If that's ok?" Asked Warren.

"You carry on." I answered.

Warren moved off the bed and Jill took his place and led down. She was ready as her legs were open to welcome him. Warren knelt on the bed and looked at her shaved wet pussy. Warren lowered his head and ran his tongue over her lips. He worked his tongue over her clit and slid two fingers into her wet hole. I stood and watched as he pleasured her, Jill was giving out soft moans as Warren played with her.

Her moans got a little more frequent and a little louder too as Warren finger fucked her. Her hands caressed her breasts and pulled on her nipples. It wasn't long before she gave out a moan as Warren brought her to orgasm. He pulled away from her and stood up. I walked around to the bottom of the bed and I knelt between her open legs.

I led down on top of her and we kissed passionately as I got ready to slide my cock inside her. I pushed my cock into her wet pussy and Jill wrapped her legs around me. I began to slide in and out of her as I kissed her neck. I felt her hands on my head as I continued to push inside her. I started to get quicker and Jill's moans got a little louder as she felt me fuck her harder and faster.

I felt Jill's body tighten around me as she orgasmed, I carried on pushing deep inside her until I felt my cum fill her pussy. We kissed deeply before I slid my cock out of her and lay next to her on the bed. I looked over and Warren was stood there stroking his hard cock. I had noticed that he had been stroking while watching me and Jill. 

I went to the bathroom just to freshen up and splash some cold water on my face. I returned to the bedroom where Jill was sat on the side of the bed. Warren was stood in front of her and she was stroking his cock.

"You can't leave it alone can you?" I asked her.

Jill smiled as her fingers ran up and down his hard shaft. She lent forward and took the head of his cock into her mouth. She gently sucked on it as me and Warren watched her. I was really hoping that she was coming around to the idea of letting Warren have sex with her.

"Is there anywhere else you would like it?" I asked her.

Jill pulled her mouth from his cock and looked at me.

"I could try it I suppose, but you will have to take it slowly." Jill answered as she turned and looked at Warren.

"It will be at your pace, I promise." He answered.

"So what position do you want to try?" Warren asked.

"I think from behind would be best." Jill answered as she got on the bed.

She got down on all fours and lay in wait for Warren. He took out a condom packet from the bedside cupboard and opened it up. He took out the condom and slid it on to his rock-solid shaft. He then got on the bed and knelt behind her ready to open her pussy. I stood by the bed ready to watch his covered cock push into her.

"Ok, I'm ready." Jill informed Warren.

He took his cock in his hand and pushed the head against her pussy lips. He moved the head up and down her swollen lips slowly. He was teasing her a little by doing this, but the teasing stopped, and Warren pushed the head of his cock into her. Jill gave a sharp intake of breath as she felt this. This was just the start of what she was going to experience. Warren slid in to her a little more and this time Jill gave out a moan.

Warren stopped and made sure Jill was ok.

"Yeah it hurts a little, but I want more." Jill replied slightly breathless.

Warren pushed a little more inside her and there were more gasps as she felt him go deeper inside her. He slowly slid in her a little more, pushing inside a bit at a time he was almost fully in Jill's pussy.

"How much more?" Jill gasped.

"Nearly there." I replied.

"I have never felt like this before," she added.

Warren gave a final push and he was now fully inside her. Her pussy was being stretched open like it never had before. Warren pulled out a little before sliding back in to her pussy. He repeated this as he started to fuck Jill. She was already moaning loudly, and I had never seen her like this before. Warren's pace got slightly quicker and Jill gave out a scream as she orgasmed.

Jill carried on with her moans and screams as Warren continued to push deep inside her. Her noises were muffled as her face was now pushed in to the pillow. Warren started to quicken his pace and soon Jill experienced another loud orgasm.

"Are you close yet?" Asked Jill when she got her breath back.

"Very close," answered Warren as he was now sliding quicker and harder in to her pussy.

Warren then gave out a moan and pushed deep in to Jill. I could imagine the condom being filled with his hot cum. Warren paused for a few moments before sliding out of Jill's stretched hole. Jill turned on to her back and led on the bed recovering. We both looked at Warren and the condom that he had shot a large load in too. 

"I think you need a drink after that." Suggested Warren.

He slid off the condom as he headed out of the bedroom and downstairs to get a drink. I got on to the bed with Jill and gave her a kiss. She responded with passion and I pulled at her to get on top of me. She got on top and we continued to kiss as my hard cock rubbed against her wet pussy lips. I pushed the head of my cock in to her. I hoped she would be able to respond to me after feeling Warren inside her.

We broke the kiss and I pushed fully inside her. She gasped as she felt me sliding in and out of her. I started slow and kissed her neck gently before whispering in to her ear.
