 Jill was one of those girls who had gained a reputation for being slutty without having really done anything to warrant it. Five feet nine, curvaceous figure, and short black hair (inspired by Uma Thurman in Pulp Fiction), she had never tried to hide her femininity, but never really flaunted it, the rumours were the product of jealous gossip by girls, and foundationless boasting by boys.

Which isn't to say she didn't *want* to have sex, it's just that that the guys she knew were pretty immature, and seemed to be intimidated by the thought of her 'superior experience', as they no doubt thought it to be, and of the ones that weren't like that, someone else always seemed to get to them first! The truth was, she was a virgin. She didn't want to be, it's not like she was saving herself, and she was by no means embarrassed by the subject, but it just never seemed to happen.

Many were the times that she had lain back on her bed at night, after 'striking-out' at a party, thinking of the guy she wished she was with, and, gently biting her luscious lower lip, she would lie naked in her room, running her fingertips over her clitoris in small circles, sliding a dildo in and feeling its shape fill her, and the sweet, satisfying feeling as she pulled it back and pushed it back in, all the time getting deeper and deeper, until finally, clamping down tightly on it, her body would shudder and she would imagine her man thrusting deep into her as they came together.

But it was never quite enough. As much as she loved her plastic pals, she yearned for the closeness of another human being. Well, she told herself, she would meet the right guy, and hopefully soon, it should be easier now she was about to start university, there'd be so many guys to choose from! And hopefully one or two guys choosing her!

She looked in the full length mirror in her room. Damn she looked good. Tonight was the night of the summer party at James' place, the last one before university. It was late august, and everyone would be either celebrating their exam results or drowning their sorrows.

Jill examined herself a final time. The red flower in her hair seemed to accentuate the paleness of her skin, a testimony to the fact that she was no fan of sunny weather. She wore her new black halter top and knee length matching black skirt. Heeled shoes consisting mostly of thin strips of black leather and a small black-sequined purse completed the ensemble. Yes, she was a fan of black, it brought out her eyes and full red lips!

She heard the car horn, and hurried down stairs. After saying goodnight to her parents, and promising not to do anything they wouldn't (which left a lot of possibilities open, she thought wryly... but that's another story!), she stepped out into the warm august evening. Her best friend Sarah was there in the car, looking like she'd made a real effort with her appearance, she could barely recognise the plain girl she knew from school! Jill got into the car.

"Wow! You look great!" she exclaimed as she hugged her friend in greeting. Sarah grinned.

"Thanks, so do you, I told you that top was a good idea!"

Sarah was a petite, five feet five inches, and tonight she was very pretty indeed. Her shoulder length blonde hair was held in place with dragonfly hairclips, her deep brown eyes a contrast to Jills own striking green ones. As Sarah turned her attention to pulling out into the road, Jill found her gaze slipping down to take in Sarahs low cut floral print top and short white skirt that was revealing a lot of tanned leg.

"Wow," she said for a second time, "You certainly are being a bit daring tonight aren't you?"

Sarah chuckled, "Yeah, I don't know, I thought, you know, I might try it on with Greg tonight"

"You go girl," Jill laughed, "But try to concentrate on the road will you?"

For a moment she thought she caught Sarahs glance move to her own more ample cleavage, but couldn't be sure. Jill had long suspected that Sarah was bisexual, but had never raised the issue, deciding that she'd tell her in her own time, if she was. Not that she hadn't thought about it before... it would be... interesting if something were to happen there...

"God, I hope I pull tonight... I really need some attention" Jill laughed. Sarah chuckled and agreed with the sentiment.

Jill was getting bored now. She'd had several drinks, Sarah had disappeared god knows where, and the conversation was just meaningless gossip. Getting up, she felt more wobbly that she had expected. This party would be going long into the next morning, so she decided she could lie down for an hour without missing too much. Moving out of the small side room into the large hallway, she stumbled right into the arms of someone. She looked up into gorgeous blue eyes.

"Oh hi Greg," she grinned drunkenly, "I thought you were with Sarah?"

"I am... well I was... I'm just going to the kitchen for some more punch... are you ok?" he frowned at her, looking a little drunk himself.

"Yeah... no... is there anywhere I can have a lie down for a bit?"

Greg laughed, and she could feel the vibrations through the muscle on his chest that she had lain her hand on to support herself, the other hand hooked under his arm and onto his shoulder.

"This place is huge, there's at least five bedrooms, let's get you up to one of them!"

He wrapped one muscular arm around her waist and helped her up the lengthy staircase. Jill had known Greg for a long time, almost as long as she'd known Sarah. She looked at his chiselled, features, softened by the fact that he smiled so easily. She found herself again thinking about what it would be like to be taken by him, and felt herself start to get moist with the familiar fantasy. The only reason why she hadn't gone for him before is that she knew that Sarah really liked him, and in her book, that was the same as 'unavailable'. They got to one of the bedrooms where Greg deposited her on the bed, removed her shoes, and she immediately fell asleep.

Jill was awoken by the door opening, the hallway light flooding in.

"She's in here" she thought it was Gregs voice, sounding a fair amount more slurred than before. She still felt drunk. The door closed and someone came over and knelt inelegantly by the bed, a body half leaned against her. Sounds of the party still going strong drifted in behind.

"Whu..?" was all she could utter.

"You ok baby? You're missing all the fun!" It was Sarah, who obviously had been enjoying the punch. She turned on the bedside lamp.

"How long have I been asleep?"

"A couple of hours... I was getting worried, so Greg showed me where you were" Sarah put the two drinks she had been holding on the bedside cabinet, semi collapsed on her and hugged her.

Jill laughed and hugged her friend back. She lay and tried to gather the energy to move, and Sarah stayed in her arms, her breasts pushing into hers, and her face nuzzled into her neck. Had she fallen asleep?

"Sarah?"

Jill gasped as she suddenly identified the feeling on her neck. Sarah was very gently biting and kissing her neck. She opened her eyes wide and suddenly all the sexual thoughts she'd had about her petite blonde friend came flooding back. Was this really going to happen? Would she realise what she was doing and stop? But the kisses moved up her neck and became more insistant and Jill suddenly found herself looking into those gorgeous brown eyes. With so much frustration recently, combined with Greg making her horny earlier, she found herself really wanting this. Their lips met, Jills mouth opened and she found a tongue next to hers, stroking, caressing it. Then she felt a cool hand slide up inside her halterneck to her braless breast, and was instantly wet, her clitoris and vagina badly needed to be touched now.

"Oh man..!"

Jill broke the kiss in shock to look where the voice had come from. Greg was still there in the room, hand unconsiously touching the lump in his trousers, eyes wide and mouth hanging partly open. Sarah however, kept kissing her along her jaw-line, and back down her neck towards her chest. Jill couldn't help herself, she relaxed again and let her head drop back as her eyes closed in pleasure. Hands gripped her top at the base and pulled it upwards. She arched her back and then raised her arms to help it slide off. It was Greg. Kneeling beside the bed, she eyed him, half in disbelief as he leaned down and kissed her whilst Sarah took hold of her breast and started to lick and suck it, licking around the nipple kissing all around it, then sucking it, taking it between her teeth, and pulling back, letting it slip out and fall back into place, wobbling slightly. Kissing Greg was very different. Where Sarah was gentle, he was dominant. Where she was soft, he had stubble, the scratching feeling good against her skin. Kissing Greg was a whole different type of good.

Jill felt Sarahs hand slide up the inside of her thigh as Gregs larger hand closed around her other breast, pinching and pulling at it, the stimualtion feeling incredible, and making her wetter still.

Jill encircled Sarahs head with one arm and found her way inside Gregs shirt with the other, feeling the muscle and sparse covering of chest hair. He removed his shirt as Jill pulled at Sarahs top, exposing her perfect tanned breasts as it came off, even as she stopped licking her nipple and started kissing down over her stomach. Sarah slowly unzipped the side of Jills skirt and slowly pulled it down as Greg kissed Jill again, now lying beside her. Jill was now completely naked. It had been a warm evening and she hadn't bothered with underwear. As Greg kissed her she squeezed the lump in his trousers. He broke the kiss and started to breathe heavily, as Sarah knelt between her legs and looked at her crotch

"Oh my god..." she breathed, "Your pussy is gorgeous..!"

They both looked down at her. Jill, without thinking, opened her legs slightly. Sarah looked at Jill, then at Greg, and then leaned forwards and slowly licked her vagina all the way from the spot between the opening and the anus right to the top. Greg cautiously slid his hand down and gently touched her clit.

"Uh!" She jumped as he touched the sensitive organ. He laid his finger more firmly onto it, causing her to moan loudly as Sarah started to flicker her tongue all around her opening, tongue slipping in and out. The tension quickly built up as Greg kissed her and rubbed her clitoris in small circles, and just as Sarah slid her tongue in as far as it would go, she experienced a shuddering, earth breaking orgasm. She cried out loud as wave after wave of orgasmic pleasure washed over her.

They stopped and Jill gasped for breath.

"Oh my god... that was... incredible!" she said between gasps.

"My turn!" Sarah grinned as she stood and let her skirt fall to the floor.

"I uh... I don't know how..." Jill stammered.

"It's ok, neither did I," smiled Sarah, sliding onto her back next to her.

Jill sat up and hesitantly positioned herself on all fours between Sarahs raised knees.

"It's ok, just do it like I did," said Sarah huskily, her breath catching slightly in anticipation.

She lowered her face between Sarahs legs, her arms wrapping underneath and around her hips, her back end still in the air. She slowly started to lick all around Sarahs pussy, lick just around the inside, then around the outside. Suddenly, she felt hands on either side of her waist. Surprised, she looked up at Sarah. She saw Sarah, her eyelids heavy and face a picture of ecstacy, nod enthusiastically to Greg behind her. Somewhere in the back of her mind it struck her that each knew the other was on the pill. She felt something press at her vagina. She hadn't noticed, but he must have got up and finished undressing. She was so wet he slid straight in. God, it felt so good! Long, hard, and warm, she felt his girth push her a little wider than her dildo ever did, the fit was tight and snug. Perfect. She moaned into Sarahs pussy.

Sarah gasped as Jill lifted up and her lip caught her clitoris.

"Oh.... lick my clitoris... please lick it..."

Jill lowered her face and started to lick Sarahs clitoris causing her to moan softly and girate her hips a little, even as Gregs penis pushed in again, causing her to arch her back and grunt in pleasure. God, the guy must be pushing seven inches!

Jill continued to lick as Sarah got louder, pressing her head harder in with her hand, pinch her nipple with the other, and her thighs starting to close around her ears. She squeezed herself around his penis, smiling inwardly as Gregs grunts of pleasure altered in tone, and causing him to thrust harder and deeper. She could feel another orgasm approaching. She suddenly had an idea and slid two fingers into Sarah. She too was extremely wet.

"Oh... Oh... oh my god!!" she cried as her fingers delved inside, sliding in and out, and as she slid in, she found what she had been looking for. She had read about how to find the g-spot, but had never actually managed it on herself. She felt along the inside of Sarahs tightening pussy, and as Greg stared thrusting faster and harder into her, she managed to keep her mind long enough to find the textured spot she was looking for. She stroked it a little, and Sarah came almost immediately. It started as a low semi-growl in her throat, and then she shuddered and screamed out loud in pleasure as she came. This brought both Greg and Jill almost to the brink, and as Jills vagina squeezed beyond her control, Greg thrust even deeper, and came into her. The feeling of his semen launching deep into her sent her over the edge. She had a second, incredible rolling orgasm. 

They all collapsed down together, Jill in the middle, and Greg and Sarah lying all side by side, slowly caressing each other, enjoying the post sex glow, and Jill was certain this wouldn't be the last time that they lay together like this.