 Lying in the comfort of Ric's arms that night I told him of my experience with Jilly. How we'd been enjoying each other's bodies since that first night, and how much I enjoyed being with her.  Ric made me describe her body to him, in every glorious detail, and as I did...I could feel my self getting wet. Just thinking about lapping that sweet cunt of hers had me really hot. I told him how she liked to dominate me, to talk to me like I was her dirty little whore, who only she could fuck into oblivion..

It didn't take long for me to realize that my telling him all of this was making not only me hot..As he went down on me that night, devouring my pussy like a man starved, he took on a completely new role as lover..

"You like that baby? Do I eat you as good as Jilly? Like it bitch...like me eating you...tell me I'm better than her"

"Oooh, Yes Ric...you eat my pussy so good.. You like that don't you? You like knowing you're eating pussy that another woman has tasted before you don't you?"

And so it went, and later as he slid into me...it went on and on. Him telling me he could please me better than Jilly ever could. We fucked all night, the lovely dinner he'd prepared forgotten as we got lost in a world of lust, a world of passion, a world of hidden desires.

As I left the next morning, I told Ric that I really had to repay him for the wonderful night he gave me and asked him to meet me at my place the next day. 

"Last night is going to be pretty hard to top Myranda, if you think you can...I'll be there."

"Baby, I've got moves you haven't even thought about yet."

Little did I know that Ric had his own moves in store for me!

I went home and checked my messages. My machine was blinking like crazy. As I listened, they were all from Jilly.

"Hey woman. This is Jilly. Where ARE you? What's going on with you? Haven't talked to you in days. Give me a call please and let me know you're ok. Love you sweetie...call me!"

So, being the good little bitch that I am, I call my master and let her know that yes, I'm fine..and yes, I would love to see her. Why doesn't she come to my place tomorrow night? As I knew she would, Jilly jumped at the chance to spend a little "one on one" time with me.

The next day.....

My preparations were all made. The French doors were open on the patio, giving a great view of the pool and the jacuzzi all lit up, the steam off of the jacuzzi as it bubbled looking very inviting. A bottle of champaign chilled in silver buckets beside both. The lights turned down low in the living room, the fireplace burning...it was a romance novelists wet dream! The black fur rug laid out in front of the fireplace on the white carpet, with black silk pillows piled in front of the couch definitely held promise. In the bedroom, the huge king sized bed had been carefully made with black silk sheets, the leopard print see through curtains had been drawn around it to give it a silky soft glow, and waiting between the sheets were creamy rose petals the color of Jilly's skin. My little play ground was definitely ready. 

As I surveyed my handy work for the last time the door bell rang. I drew a breath to calm myself, and went to answer. It's toll.

As I opened the door, I stood and stared. There stood Jilly in all her blond glory. She had on a very short, very tight, red dress that left nothing to the imagination. Her breasts were pushed up so that it looked as if they would spill out over the top at the slightest move on her part. Oh yes, Ric was definitely going to like this.

"Jilly you look marvelous!"

"You don't look so bad yourself woman!"

I had on a simple, sleek black dress. It too was short, but it was more on the conservative side than Jilly's. The neck scooped low, to reveal just the right mouth watering amount of cleavage. I knew Ric loved me in black, so the dress had been chosen with him in mind.

We had a light, leisurely kiss hello, and went into the living room.

"I hope you don't mind Jilly, but I asked a friend of mine to join us for dinner tonight."

"I guess that means we have to be on good behavior then right?"

I didn't say anything just smiled at her. It was at that moment that Ric rang the door bell. As I opened the door, I wondered what the look on Jilly's face would say when she saw Ric. I opened the door, and there he stood, looking gorgeous as always. I smiled at him and pulled him through the door by his hand.  Bringing him in, shutting the door behind him, I bent to kiss his cheek and whispered in his ear.

"Go along with me ok?" 

He gave my hand a squeeze to acknowledge that he'd heard me and we turned to face Jilly.

"Jilly, this is my friend Ric. Ric, this is Jilly."

"Nice to meet you Ric."

I watched Jilly's facial expression carefully. What I saw there was encouraging. She was checking Ric out. I could tell by the look in her eyes, she was trying to decide exactly how to go in for the kill!

"Nice to meet you too Jilly. I've heard a lot of good things about you."

"Well, you have me there Ric. I know absolutely nothing about you."

At this we all settled into a comfortable rhythm of laughing and joking with one another. Jilly telling stories of us when we were young, and all the crazy things we'd done. As for me, I just sat back and wait to play the next move in the game.

After dinner, we all went into the living room and had a seat on the sofa, drinking cappuccinos and talking easily. I finally worked up my courage and made my move.  Standing, and gathering the dishes, I took them into the kitchen...I wasn't prepared for what I saw when I came back into the room.

Jilly was straddling Ric's lap, grinding her pussy into the bulge in his pants, kissing him hard. Looked like I wasn't going to have to make a move after all. I cleared my throat and made my presence known to the pair.

"Myranda, I'm sorry...it's not what it looks like. I.....just couldn't help myself, he's so...."

As she said this she began to slide herself off of Ric's lap...I went to her, taking her face in my hands and kissed her gently on the mouth.

"Jilly, relax. The only thing I'm upset about is that you two started without me!"

The look on her face was priceless! If it hadn't been such a hot moment, I seriously would have laughed. Instead, I told the pair to follow me outside. 

Standing by the pool, feeling the warm breeze flow through my dress, I reached back and slowly unzipped my dress, letting it pool around me. left in nothing but my heals, I walk up to Ric and kiss him longingly Moaning against his lips. Unbuttoning his shirt as I go, I peel it off of him. Grabbing his belt, I unbuckle it. As I do this, he kicks his shoes off, and I free that big beautiful cock of his. It's already to it's full eight inch hardness, and I feel my pussy quiver with anticipation of having it buried inside me. 

Finally freed of all his clothes, Ric and I turn to Jilly. He reaches for her and begins kissing her hungrily, dipping his tongue inside her mouth to taste her hot wetness. As I'm unzipping her dress, I see her tremble at his touch. I slide my hand up the back of her dress, reaching for her dripping cunt, and smile. She isn't wearing anything under her dress either. I feel her slippery wetness on my fingertips, and reach between her legs, which she automatically spreads for me, to tease the puffy lips of her pussy. Kneeling behind her, I lift her dress further, and bury my nose in that musky cunt, drinking the evidence of her desire. I lap at her, burring my tongue inside that tight wet cunt. I lick my way up that beautiful pussy reaching her clit. I swirl my tongue around it and take it between my teeth, raking them over it, sucking it into my mouth, I feel her first orgasm hit her, and I quickly bury my tongue inside her to catch all her juices.

Rising, my face glistens with the juices of her pussy. I know she loves for me to save it and give it to her in a passionate kiss, but I decide to let Ric taste her instead.  I pull his face away from her breast and kiss him hard, thrusting my tongue into his mouth and letting Jilly's cum spill onto his waiting lips.

"Mmmmm, you were right. She does taste delicious."

At this, all three of us climb into the pool and Ric pops the cork on the champaign. I glide over to Ric, taking Jilly with me and have him sit on the side of the pool. Taking the bottle from him, I take a long drink, washing down the taste of Jilly's cum on my lips. Another drink, and I turn to Jilly, passing the champaign to her with a passionate kiss while I use my other hand to fondle her breasts. As she moans, I pull away from her, pouring champaign over those gorgeous tits, and begin to lick it off of her, paying special attention to her nipples.

"Mmmm, very sweet. Follow me you cum hungry slut. We've got work to do."

With that, I bathe Ric's cock in the cool liquid and begin to suck off the sweet nectar of the champaign. Licking off the alcohol, I again bathe his stiff member with the champaign and invite Jilly to take her turn.

"I don't know if I can do this Myranda."

"Why not Jilly?"

"I....I've never...well....."

"You've never had a cock in your mouth before, is that it?"

"Well, it's not just that....I...I have never been with a man period. I've kissed lots of them, but I guess...I guess you can say I'm a virgin."

I reach for her and take her in to my arms. I know now that all my kinky plans for the night are going to have to wait. What Jilly needs is a night of intimate passion.

"Ric, would you get us a towel please?"

As I walk Jilly out of the water...I take her, wrap her up in a towel, and lead her into the house. Ric following behind us stops to turn out the lights and I take Jilly into the bathroom and sit her down. I start the bath water and tell her not to move...I'll be right back.

Moving into the bedroom, I find Ric sitting there, waiting for me.

"Well, what now? Do you think I should leave?"

"No, just give me a few minutes to get her cleaned up and calm her down."

"Well, then what?"

"You go into the living room after you hear me coming out of the bathroom with her. Wait ten minutes, then come in here. You'll know what to do then."

"Are you sure? Maybe we're pushing her to far."

"Ric, trust me. I know her. It'll be ok. I promise."

Walking back into the bathroom, I wasn't so sure that the words I'd spoken were true. There sat Jilly crying.

"I'm sorry Myranda. I spoiled everything. It was such a beautiful night...and I spoiled it."

"Jilly, you didn't spoil anything. Ric understands, and so do I."

"You,......you really like him don't you?"

"Yeah, I really do. I like you too, I wanted to give you guys the gift of each other."

We didn't say anything more about it. I bathed her in warm soapy water and dried her off. I led her naked to the big bed and pulled back the sheets and saw the amazement on her face as she climbed in.

"You really went to a lot of trouble didn't you? The silk sheets, the rose petals. It's all so romantic."

"I wanted tonight to be special for all of us. It still can be ya know."

With that, I climb under the sheets with her and began a slow seduction of the woman I loved. Clamming every part of her body as mine. Lavishing tender affection on her breasts, kissing her body in all of her most intimate places. Her eyes were closed as she enjoyed my exploration of her body.

At that moment Ric appeared at the foot of the bed, I felt him touch my soft, round ass, and I leaned back into the palm of his hand, feeling him bring his cock to rest in the cleft of my cheeks. I push back against him...loving the feel of his cock rubbing against my puckered hole....I can't moan though, I can't give him away.

I reach back and take hold of his hand. I move to give him access to her milky white thighs as I slither up the bed and take one of her rosy pink nipples into my mouth. I watch as he slides his hand ever so lightly up her thigh, reaching her mound, he massages it with the palm of his hand, using a finger from the other to play with the soft folds of her pussy. I watch as he bends his head, and takes her clit into his mouth, circling it with his tongue,  Then he flattens it and presses hard against her clit.

If I was worried about Jilly noticing the differences between my mouth and Ric's, I shouldn't have. She was oblivious, drunk with desire and the wine from dinner, she had her eyes closed as she purred softly with pleasure.

Ric looks up at me and I see the question burning in his eyes.

"Now?" It says.

I silently nod my assent and as he spreads her legs wider as he positions himself at her opening. We both know that there is going to be considerable pain for her when he enters at first, so I mouth at him. Wait a second. I position myself in a 69 with Jilly. as I lower myself down onto her mouth, I hear her moan with pleasure. She loves to eat me...

I dive right into her pussy. Wanting to make her orgasm fast. I know she's confused about why I'm not taking my time, but after our weeks of loving, I know all the right buttons to push to make her cum quickly. As she's tensing with orgasm, she cries out and I motion for Ric to slam his big cock into that tight pussy.

"Oooh, Myranda ...I'm cumming....I'm CUMMMMMMINNNGG!!!."

With that Ric slams into her quivering cunt and waits for the spasms to subside. Causing her little pain as she's still quivering from orgasm. I remove myself from her and turn to look into her eyes. They are glazed over with a mixture of pleasure and pain, but already she's beginning to thrust her hips at Ric, encouraging him to move.

"Myranda, oh my God, he's so big. I'm so full with his cock."

"Does it feel good Jilly?"

As I ask this Ric begins to move slowly inside her. I know that he wants her first time to be as good as possible, so he's careful to take his time with her.

"It feels wonderful. It's so different...I can feel something deep inside me....everytime he hits it...oooooooo." she moaned.

I could touch her, but I want her first time to be all about what she's experiencing with a man, so I just sit back and watch her. Watch her face contort with pleasure as she tries to keep herself from crying out. 

I know she is probably tight as hell and Ric can't hold out for long. As he begins to quicken his pace, I have proof of my suspicion.

"Jilly, you're pussy feels so good wrapped around my cock. You're so hot and wet and tight....I could fuck you all night."

"If it'll feel this good you may just get your wish Ric. Now, shut up and fuck me!"

I smile at this. Leave it to Jilly to be the little dominatrix in bed. Ric certainly doesn't deny her request. He pulls her legs up and slings one over each shoulder, lifting her ass so he can penetrate her more deeply. Holding that tight ass of hers in his palms, he presses down on her hips, impaling her on his hard cock. Slamming into her so hard that I can hear their flesh slapping against each other.

"Ric, oh gooooddddddddd, Ric!! It feels so fuuucking good.....I'm gonna cum... cum with me...cum inside me!!! Please....I need it...shoot inside me..."

That was all the encouragement he needed with two final hard thrusts, I saw his body tense, his muscles flex, and he let out a roar as he came inside her....and her...it was like watching a flower bloom. As he bathed her insides with his hot creamy cum she came, waves of orgasmic bliss washing over her. It started as the first jet hit her insides, and only intensified as he continued to shoot. The entire time he's cuming, he's still fucking her hard and furiously, and I watch the miracle happen again as he brings her to her second orgasm....

That's when I realize I'd been touching myself the entire time and at that moment I came with the hardest orgasm I'd had in my life. Watching the two people I loved more than anything else in the world, love each other. It was the ultimate release.

We all lay spent, mingled together, drifting off to sleep when Eric spoke.

"You two are great. I hope we have many more nights like tonight."

"Now you owe me one Ric." I said, smiling as I look into his eyes.

"No, now I owe you both, and I think I have just the thing in mind" he says, a devilish grin on his face.

I can't wait to see what's in store for me next!

To Be Continued.....