 Author's Note: Wow! I can't believe this story is still spilling out of me, and I've only gotten to our (Cheryl's and mine) second weekend of our sexual awakening. I love writing about our adventures, and Cheryl and my guy, are loving it too! (BTW: My guy is Keith in case you were wondering.) I sent my last chapter to both of them for review (while they were at work, of course). Now THAT resulted in an interesting evening! 

But on to our story -- Now then, where was I... 

Oh yes, that's right, I had just.....    

...dropped my hand to Cheryl's pussy, as Keith's cum was dribbling out of her -- I slipped my fingers between her sopping lips, scooped up several fingers full of their mixed juices.  And as Cheryl and Keith watched with amazement, I lifted them to my mouth. A split second before I tasted them I questioned myself, 'My god, are we are both becoming complete sluts?' I hesitated for second, and then answered myself, 'Yes!' 

I open my mouth to a pout, stuck my tongue out slightly, and licked their cream from my fingers. Their combined taste was salty, sweaty, musty and altogether completely not what I expected. I felt filthy just tasting it, but at the same time, I wanted to rub my entire face into Cher's pussy and coat it with their combined juices. I wanted to suck them from Keith's cock – I wanted more, and more, and more of this wildly explicit, sexual adventure we were on.

I knew I was becoming completely addicted to sex in all forms.

And I wanted more of it tonight -- and I knew I was going to get it too.

Cheryl glanced up at the wall clock we had mounted over my desk, "Hey the guys will be here in forty minutes – we need to get ready!"

I looked up and then, still not wanting to give up our nakedness, I reluctantly nodded agreement, and remarked, "Yeah, I guess we had better get cleaned, up showered and dressed." I stood, and pulled Cheryl to her feet. "Keith, you need to get showered too – but you can't use ours, it's down the hall – but if you grab some soap, and a spare towel from the cupboard, you can go down a level and use the guy's shower." 

He looked immediately disappointed. "Don't worry, silly, you can lather us both up some other time! Right now, we need to get moving." I joked with him. 

"Okay Katie," he said, "But have you forgotten, who is the master?" 

I turned to him, "Oh no, sweetie, give me a command and I'll follow it." 

For a second or two, I thought he was going to order me to follow him to the guy's shower, and my body quivered at the thought of it. I knew getting caught would happen for sure, but I wasn't sure I had the guts to follow through. Fortunately, he didn't command it – instead, he smiled at me, and said thoughtfully, "Hmmm, perhaps another time."

At that moment, I knew I had been right – a joint shower was exactly what he was thinking – part of me was relieved, and another part was disappointed. I consoled the disappointed half with the thought that he had said '...perhaps another time.'

While Keith pulled on his shorts, Cheryl and I grabbed our robes, pulled them over our shoulders. We divided our bath supplies, I slipped Keith my set of keys to our room, and we headed our separate ways to our showers.

Within 20 minutes we were all gathered back in our room, clean, refreshed and ready to have more fun.

It was time to dress for the evening.

For the night's entertainment I selected a black tube top from my drawer, the fabric a thick cotton/poly knit, but not thick enough to hide my hard nipples from poking out. For my lower half, I pulled out of my closet an ankle length light cotton multi-colored 'hippie' skirt. I loved the colors in it -- it was basically black, but at the same time had plenty of red, subtle orange, and yellow hints. It flowed with excess material, down to my ankles, and felt exotic and cool, even on warm nights like this.  

As Keith watched intently, I pulled my clothing on -- I made sure he noticed that I wore no underwear. 

To finish it off, I pulled on my favorite pair of spiky high heels, along with some gold arm bracelets and a gold chain that had a large golden sun emblem pendent on it. I felt like a blond, Spanish Contessa, ready for an evening out.

Cheryl, also pulled on an identical black tube top – with her full breast, the cleavage display was delicious, and made me want to slip it off her even as she dressed. She bent to her bottom drawer, with her deliciously rounded ass facing both Keith and I, and pulled out a pair of black lacey thong panties. She stepped into them, and pulled them up slowly, teasing us both – performing a reverse strip tease. Next she went to her closet, and pulled out a pair of narrow leg jeans, I knew these well – they fitted her like a glove, and she looked unbelievably sexy in them. 

She put on several pairs of large gold hoop earrings, and then stepped into a pair of pointy, dark red pumps – We have joked about these as being her CFM's (Come Fuck Me shoes). I smiled, knowing how appropriate they really were going to be.

Keith, looked at us both and smiled broadly, "Well, I still only have my shorts and T Shirt – you two certainly out-class me, that's for sure! The guys should be here soon with my clothes for the evening." 

"Katie, I suppose I could order you to get them for me, but do you think I'd be safe here with Cheryl to keep me company?" he laughed and grinned wickedly. 

I smiled sweetly back at him, "While I'm sure Cheryl would be glad to keep you entertained, I think I need some accompaniment waiting for them." I turned and winked at Cheryl, who seemed to be reading my mind... She had already gathered Keith's shorts and T in her hands, and was heading for the door. "We'll be back...", we chimed in unison, as we headed out the door leaving a naked Keith standing in our room.

We headed down to the front of the dorm, to await Chris and Dave – the wait wasn't long – although we heard them, before we saw them. The deep rumble of a high performance Detroit engine pierced the night air, and then a dark metallic blue, 1968, Chevelle SS Convertible rolled into view (Okay, for all of those pervert car buff's out there, Keith has made me revise this – I just saw a beautiful, dark blue convertible rolling into sight.) 

They rolled to a stop in front of our amazed faces – Dave was driving, with Chris in the passenger's seat.

Both Cher and I were in awe, it was Cher that said first, "Nice ride, whose is this?" 

Chris smiled and said, "Remember when we dropped you off, Keith gave us the keys and said be careful with it? Well, this is what he wanted us to be careful with. Now you should know, he has NEVER let anyone of us drive it before, so I hope his sacrifice was worth it? Well, girls, was it?"   

I leaned over the door frame, and hung my face within inches of Chris' "Well, I'm a girl who doesn't kiss and tell... But maybe my friend here will tell you why she's smiling." I cooed at him. "Of course she might be a girl who doesn't kiss and tell too, so you might have to ask Keith."

Cher came to the side of the car, and reached over and dropped Keith's shorts in Chris' lap. Sweetly, in fake a southern drawl, she said, "Well I'll tell you one thing, Chris, poor Keith needs some more clothes. His old ones just fell off of him and the poor boy has been naked almost the whole time. Won't you help him out?"

Grinning Dave said "Yeah, I'll bet the just fell off him... Now you two wouldn't have had anything to do with that would you?"  

I feigned a shocked expression, "Oh no, we wouldn't know anything about that!"

Chris reached behind him and produced a full set of clothes for Keith. "Now why don't you take these up to him Katie, and make sure you get down quickly too!" 

I grabbed the clothes from Chris' hands and turned to go. As soon as I had turned though, I reached behind me and lifted the back of my long skirt up until it cleared my waist line – baring my naked ass to them. "Now you WILL wait for me won't you?" I called behind me.

I heard a 'Whoo Hooo", and turned in time to see the guys' amazed face, and Cheryl laughing hysterically. 

I dropped the skirt and made for our room. It was time to get this party started!

When I arrived upstairs, Keith was waiting patiently for me sitting in our armless computer chair (obviously) still completely nude. I realized I had him naked, and all alone... I walked past him, and dropped his clothes on the floor. He swiveled to face me, and I dropped to my knees in front of him. I leaned forward, and slipped my mouth over his semi-soft cock. Coaxingly, I licked his knob, and then engulfed the first half of his rapidly hardening dick in my mouth.

He leaned back in the chair and moaned, "Oh Katie, that feels soooo damn good" his cock stiffening further even as he spoke. I knew I didn't have time to fuck him to orgasm, but I still wanted to feel him deep in me again. I stood, lifted my skirt to my waist, and moved forward straddling his legs and dick while he sat.

I stared into his eyes as I lowered myself down onto his shaft. I was already soaking once again and he slipped in easily. I kissed his lips, as I settled down and felt his dick bury deep into me. His cock filled me completely, and straddling him in this position drove me wild with desire. Although I hadn't intended to fuck myself to orgasm again so soon, I couldn't help myself. I rocked my pelvis back and forth slowly, while at the same time I began to feel him thrusting upwards. His wonderfully thick hard shaft filled me, and rubbed me in all the right places -- I knew I would cum in seconds and wasn't about to stop for anything.

My orgasm shook me and I cried out in carnal pleasure – wave after wave of spasms shook me as I impaled myself on his cock.

I knew if I continued riding him he would cum too – but that wasn't what I wanted just yet. I broke my kiss, and lifted myself from his slick, hard cock. I dropped to my knees again and licked my juices from his cock. As soon as his cock was licked clean, I looked up into his slightly glazed eyes, and whispered "Hey lover, I think you better get dressed, before the other three think we're fucking up here!" And then laughing, I stood.

"Oh, you damn tease," he muttered, "just you wait until later Katie, I am going to cum in you yet!"

As I backed away a little, I winked at him, and said, "Oh, I know you are, and I can't wait – but at the same time I want to tease you until you are crazy for me. So, how am I doing lover boy?"   

"Oh, just perfect, I'd give you an A in teasing, and an A plus for seductiveness, and an A plus, plus for making me feel so damn good I just about cum from thinking about you." He answered.

"Okay, now time to get dressed – that is if you can get you pants done up with that hard on you are sporting", I laughed. With that I turned away from him, bent at the waist, and flipped my skirt up to give him a full view of my ass and pussy from behind. I felt a thrill in exposing myself to him once again – it was remarkable to me that I felt this thrill even though he had already seen me completely naked, had felt both sets of my lips on his dick, had cum in my mouth and face and had even watched me be made love to by another woman.

I grabbed his cloths from the floor (where I had dropped them when I entered), and tossed them to him. 

As I stood up, he did likewise, and came to me – he planted a warm loving kiss on my lips, and hugged me tightly – with more affection than I had expected. He pulled his face back and starred deep into my eyes, and then said, "Katie, you are the most entrancing, sexy, delicious, adventuresome woman I have ever met. In the space of less than 6 hours, I can honestly say, I have come to want to make love to you, and not just have sex with you.  Do you understand what I mean? I have no idea what we will do tonight, but can you promise me two things, Kate?"

Suddenly my stomach was turning to jelly, I hadn't expected this reaction at all – and I wasn't even sure I wanted it – but I also knew I feeling something more than I expected too. "Uh, I think so Keith" I gulped.

"Okay, first, Katie, no matter who you spend time with tonight, and I'm sure it will be with others – in fact I think I want to watch you with others – I want you to make love to me last tonight. And second, I want you to sleep with me tonight – in my bed, against me. Can you do that?"

I kissed him hard and passionately on the lips, before I answered, "Oh yes, I can promise that. In fact, not only do I like the sound of that, I love it!. And oh, not only do I want to make love to you last tonight, I want to feel your cum in me next too..."

Smiling broadly, I then told him to get dressed before I starved to death!

.

.

.

We left our dorm room hand in hand, and emerged from the building the same way.

As we approached Keith's car I could see the top had been put up to fend off the evening cool air, and I could see Cheryl, Chris and Dave were all in the back seat together – with Cher in the middle of course.. As Keith and I got in, Cher piped up from the back seat laughing, "Well it seemed to take a while to get dressed didn't it? Something come up?"

I turned in my seat and saw Cheryl grinning widely, the buttons on her jeans fly were completely undone, and both Chris and Dave had there hands at the very top of her inner thighs. "No, nothing came up," I smiled, "but something almost did!" I giggled. "But it looks like these guys were a little occupied too, or did you just forget to button your pants before you came downstairs?" 

Cheryl's hands dropped to her lap in a mock display of modestly, she laughed (not very) innocently, "I thought I felt a breeze." 

Keith turned the ignition and the car roared to life.

It didn't take long for us to arrive at a local pub, and we all piled out of the car.

We found a large curved booth near the back that faced slightly towards the pub kitchen doors. We slid into the seat, alternating gender – boy, girl, boy, girl, boy fashion. I was sandwiched between Keith and Chris with my body facing away from rest of the pub customers. Within seconds of our sitting, the waitress appeared and we ordered a round of beer for all as she handed out menus.

Under the cover of the large opened menus, Keith's right hand stealthily slipped below the table and quickly snaked it's way across the thin material of my skirt covered legs to my left inner thigh. My pussy was still quite wet from my ride upstairs and if his hand moved any higher on my thigh, I knew it would leave an unmistakable wet spot on the front of my skirt. Rather than stop him though, I reached down, and pulled the centre of my flowing skirt up in a bunch. Keith's hand slipped underneath and found my open lips. I sighed as he began to probe into me.

My sigh, and the rustle of our movements were not lost on the other three at the table, as they gawked in amazement at our boldness.  

I smiled at them and giggled...

Even as I sat there giggling, his fingers found my clit and he pressed hard against it. As he did so, he flicked my lips, and a small orgasm washed over me -- I closed my eyes and came with a surprised gasp and small involuntary cry of pleasure. Almost instantly, I felt his hand slip from between my legs and withdraw.

"Shit, you guys," I heard Dave mutter quietly, "I'm not going to be able to get up from the table if you don't knock it off!" And at the same time I also heard Cheryl laughing "Stop, you two – you're going to get us kicked out of here!" 

Quickly opening my eyes, I glanced around – I was sure none of the other customers in the pub knew what had just occurred, because they would not have been able to see, but I had to look around again to make sure. For a second I felt both relief and disappointment at my visual confirmation. 'My God, what a slut I'm becoming' I thought to myself, but I didn't care either – I wanted exactly what was happening to me. Indeed, I still wanted more.

Before anybody could say a thing our waitress re-appeared and asked if we were ready to order. She took each of our orders quickly, taking mine last, and gave me an odd look, a wink and a smile as she left. 

As soon as she was gone, Cheryl laughed aloud, and then in a stage whisper across the table, she said "Jesus, Katie, I can't believe you just let Keith do that! I mean, I can believe it, but Holy shit! That waitress lives in our dorm, and she was watching you get finger fucked by Keith the whole time – she was over by the kitchen doors and had a perfect view. Didn't you see her?" 

I blushed instantly, involuntarily, and looked out towards the kitchen. Instantly I could see exactly what Cheryl had meant. Although partially obscured from view by a railing and a beer poster that was hung on it, the kitchen doors were down three or four steps from the level we were on and would have been in a direct line of sight to my bared, parted legs. Standing just inside the pub area at the doors she would have been concealed by the dimness of the pub lighting, but if she stopped to watch would have seen the entire quick show – including me spreading my legs and lifting my skirt. My heart rate quickened and my throat constricted, I gulped and thought for a second. And then, I felt myself getting excited and at the thought of exposing myself yet again...

"Did she see us???" I gasped. 

"Absolutely, she glanced over, and then I swear she did a double take when she saw what you were up to... But she never took her eyes off of you until you stopped. It's a good thing you were quick!" Cher giggled.

I was getting wetter by the second and more embarrassed by the situation too. Since she lived in our dorm, I figured I had better go talk with her. "Well Cher, she didn't seem to mind – in fact she gave me a wink when she left the table – but I think I better talk to her before word gets around." Keith slid out and I excused myself and headed towards the bar where she was now standing.

As I approached, she motioned for me to step aside from the bar and to follow her to where others were not in earshot. She stepped to a quite alcove and looked at me smiling, expectantly. I started, "I had no idea that you were..."

She interrupted me, "Holy shit girl! That was quite a little show! Did you know I was watching you?"

"NO," I started to explain again, "I had no idea – in fact, I had no idea Keith, that's the guy I'm with, was even going to do that – but once he started, I uh, just had to let him, uh, finish..." I trailed off.

"Well next time, and I'm guessing with you, there will be a next time, can you do me a favour?" She smiled sexily.

I realize this situation was going to be okay, "What?" I asked.

"Next time, either make sure I'm not watching, or make sure I can enjoy the view a little more – I don't know what you are up to next, but I wish I could join you guys. As it is, I'm stuck at work until 2am – and now I'm going to be horny as hell for most of it too..." She laughed again. "Oh, and don't worry – nobody in the dorm will know, unless you tell them."

"Hey, your food will be up soon, and your boyfriend is looking lonely – you better get back to the table." She smiled and moved past me, but as she did so, I felt her hand slide along my ass and thigh. Once again, she smiled back and winked as she walked away.

I was dizzy with excitement as I returned to the table. "Cher, you won't believe what she told me..." And I explained to all her reaction. 

As promised, she returned with our meals within minutes and we all wolfed them down.

We paid up quickly, finished our drinks and stared to get up – as we did so, I noticed our waitress watching from the kitchen once again. As soon as Keith was standing, I began to slide myself out of the seat, making sure that my skirt rode as high as I could get it to go so she could enjoy the view. She never took her eyes off my legs, and thighs until I was standing, then she looked up to my eyes, and this time I winked to her.
