 "I'll send her over." is the start of the relationship between Jim & Heather and Mary and myself. While it is beneficial to read the first story, I tried to write the sequel as a stand alone. If you would like to watch your wife fuck another guy, this is a story for you. If you don't, then move on.

* * * * *

We were wondering how long it would be before we heard from Jim or Heather after Heather had visited us while Jim was out of town. We were hoping that they would be mad at us for fucking her. We didn't hear anything the next week but on Tues of the following week, Heather called Mary and asked is we would come over to their house on Fri evening for cocktails and appetizers. Mary told Heather that she would have to check with me and get back to her.

We talked about it that evening and about what possible expectations they could have. While I was hesitant, Mary seemed to want to go so I said why not. Secretly, I wondered if our encounter with Heather was a turn on to her.

When I arrived home from work Friday afternoon, Mary was already getting ready. She had just gotten out of the shower and was standing naked in the bathroom brushing her hair. I came up behind her, wrapped my arms around her, and started kissing her on the neck. 

"Stop that." She said as she pushed me away. "You will just have to wait until later to get what you are after."

I had hoped to get a little before went over to Jim and Heathers but I also understand that it is better when you wait....NOT!

I jumped in the shower. When I came out, Mary was putting on a dress that she normally doesn't wear out in public. It is very short and while I love to see her wear it, she has always told me that it makes her feel uncomfortable in public.

"I am surprised that you are wearing that dress." I commented

"I just feel like I need to be more sexy especially around them since they are so young." She replied. Jim and Heather are in their 20's while Mary and I are in our early 40's.

That was fine with me, I thought. Mary has a great body and I love it when other guys check her out.

I got ready and we grabbed a bottle of wine and walked over to Jim and Heather's house.

We knocked on the door and Jim answered. He seemed genuinely excited that we had come. He took a long look at Mary and then invited us in.

While their home was not as nice as ours, I was impressed with the furnishings and layout. He took our bottle of wine and then led us into the living room. It was a big open space with windows out onto the pool area. Just then, the doorbell rang. Mary looked at me and I just shrugged my shoulders as I didn't know what to expect. Jim excused himself and went to answer the door. Just then, Heather appeared from around the corner. When I saw her, she took my breath away. She was wearing just a bra, panties, and heals. No, not just a bra, it just lifted her breasts which were exposed. The panties where a tiny pair of T-backs. She came over and greeted us as if she was fully clothed. She didn't act as if she was virtually nude.

About that time, Jim came into the room with another couple. He introduced them as Bob and Jenny. They were another young couple. Jenny was tall with dark long hair and a gorgeous body. I had often fantasized about a girl like Jenny when I jacked off. It was obvious that Bob worked out. I caught Mary taking a long look at Bob.

Heather grabbed both Mary and Jenny and told them to follow her. Though Jim was talking with me, I couldn't help but catch a glimpse of Heather's ass as she led Mary and Jenny down the hall. There is something wonderful about being young.

I learned that Bob works with Jim and we all started to discuss the upcoming college football games. I was so engrossed in the discussion that it surprised me when the girls re-appeared. In fact, I took a double take. Both Jenny and Mary had changed and were now dressed to match Heather. Mary came up to me and asked if I liked the outfit. I was taken back as her breasts and ass where clearly on display for both Jim and Bob. I gave her a quizzical look to which she replied "just relax and enjoy." I must admit that it was a turn-on for Mary to be so exposed for Bob and Jim to see. While Mary is older than Heather and Jenny, I think she has just as great as body.

About that time, the doorbell rang again. Mary looked at me for a moment with a look of panic. I just shrugged my shoulders. Shortly thereafter, Jim returned with yet another young couple, Lance and Sheryl. Both were the same age as Jim and Heather and both were in great shape. Just like before, Heather grabbed Sheryl and the ladies followed. 

The guys continued to chat and the girls reappeared. As I expected, Sheryl was now wearing just a bra, t-back panties, and heals. My mind was swirling as it was just amazing for me to look around the room to see all this female flesh.

Jim whistled and the room got quiet. He welcomed everyone. He said that he hoped everyone had a great time and that it was time for the first "event" as he called it. I suspect that the others had experienced this before but I was unsure. He lifted up a bowl and asked the ladies to pull from the bowl. Mary didn't seem to question it so I had a feeling that Heather had told her what was going on. Each girl drew a piece of paper from the bowl. After they each had drawn, Jim said they could open them. He told them that they couldn't read it out loud though.

Once they had opened them, the girls all walked over to a guy. May walked over Lance and Jenny walked over to me. While I am not complaining, Mary didn't even look at me when she walked over to Lance. In fact, she gave him a deep kiss on the lips. I must admit that that made my heart race though I am not sure if it was jealousy or watching her kiss another man.

My attention was drawn back to Jenny as she gave me a big hug and a kiss on the lips. She was such a hot girl yet I was unsure of what was going on. Jenny whispered in my ear that I shouldn't worry and that she would take care of me. She went on to say that she would do her best to please me any way that I wanted. 

Here was this absolutely gorgeous young girl telling me that she would please me any way that I asked and in the back of my mind, all I could think of was that Mary was saying the same thing to Lance.

It was obvious that we had been paired up with another spouse. I did get a chance to make eye contact with Mary and she gave me a nod of approval. It was obvious that she was more comfortable with what was going on at that point then I was.

Jim had been paired with Sheryl. I watched that he whispered something to her. She stepped back and looked at him. 

She sat down on the sofa, licked her fingers and started to rub her crotch. 

"Are you wanting me to masturbate." She asked. 

"yes." He responded.

Sheryl leaned back and took off her panties. She was completely shaved. She spread her legs and started to masturbate. Jim sat on the floor in front of her and rubbed her legs.

About that time, Bob said something to Heather and she took her place beside Sheryl and started to masturbate.

"What do you want me to do." Jenny whispered in my ear. She was gazing hopefully in my eyes.

I saw Mary move to the sofa and start to masturbate just like Heather and Sheryl. Mary wouldn't make eye contact with me.

Jenny asked me again what I wanted her to do. It was obvious that she felt left out. I was worried that everyone would think that I was a party pooper. 

I told Jenny that I wanted her to strip naked and to help Heather come. I was surprised when her face lit up. She stood right in front of me and unclipped her bra. Then she took off her panties but left her heals on.

"Do you approve?" She asked. I could only nod yes, as I realized that she was cleanly shaved.

She went over to Heather, bent down, and started to kiss her. What a sight. I was already hard. The sight of Jenny's ass and her kissing Heather was almost too much for me. I had almost forgotten about Mary. I started to rub myself through my shorts. When I looked at Mary, she had her eyes closed and was feverously stroking her clit. 

"Heather, stop stoking yourself." Bob said. 

"No, I want to come." Responded Heather.

"Heather, I told you to stop. Now get up and stand in front of me." Bob said.

With a frown on her face, Heather obediently got up and moved in front of Bob. 

"Remove your bra and panties and bend over in front of me." Bob said.

Obediently, Heather removed her bra and panties and then bent over in front of Bob.

"Hey guys, take a look at this pussy." Bob said as he ran his hand over Heather's ass. We all couldn't believe how good it looked. 

Since Heather had gotten up, Jenny returned to me with a "what do you want me to do now" look.

"I want you to lick Mary's pussy." I said. Seeing another girl lick Mary has always been one of my fantasies.

Without hesitation, Jenny knelt on the floor and started to kiss Mary's thighs. Lance told Mary to stop masturbating. Jenny started to lick Mary's clit. Mary kept her eyes closed. It wasn't long before Mary started to move her hips to meet Jenny's tongue. It was obvious that Mary was in her own little world.

Jim told Sheryl to stop masturbating because he needed a blow job. While Sheryl wasn't pleased that she didn't get to cum yet, she got off the couch and knelt in front of Jim. She pulled his pants down and attacked his cock. It was obvious that she was an experienced cocksucker.

Lance had seen enough of the Mary and Jenny action. He dropped his pants to reveal a very thick cock. About the same length as mine but much thicker.

"Mary, get over here and suck my cock." Lance commanded. Mary ignored him as Jenny was lapping at her clit.

"NOW." Lance commanded.

That got Mary's attention and she got up and knelt in front of Lance. She wrapped her hands around his cock. First she kissed it and then she put it in her mouth. Jenny knelt in front of me and freed my cock. Jenny took my cock in her mouth. Mary looked at me with Lance's cock in her mouth. I had never seen that look in her eyes but it was obvious that she was enjoying herself.

Lance put his hands around her head and was forcing his cock into her mouth. Mary offered no resistance.

While Lance was big before, with Mary working on sucking his cock, he grew even larger. After a short period of time, Lance pulled Mary off his cock and laid her down on the ground. He told Mary to climb on his cock. Without hesitation, Mary positioned herself over his cock. Slowly she lowered herself onto it. It took a little while for her to get it all of his cock inside of her but it was obvious that she was enjoying herself.

I moved around so that I could get a better angle as seeing Mary riding Lance's massive cock.

Lance saw me. "Does it turn you on seeing Mary riding me?" he asked. He went on to say that it turned him on to watch Sheryl getting fuck by another guy. I didn't know what to say. My cock was so hard but I must admit that I was a little jealous since his cock was so big.

Jenny sensed that I was in turmoil. She whispered in my ear that it was OK and that she would make me feel better.

Jenny released my cock and moved in front of me. She bent over and grabbed her ankles. 

"Fuck me any way you want to." Jenny said.

Not even thinking, I guided my cock to her pussy. She was so wet that it slipped right in. She started to move so I grabbed her hips and started to slowly fuck her.

I could see that Bob was watching us and I wondered if he felt the same way I did in watching another man fuck his wife.

Jenny's pussy felt so wet and tight, I had almost forgotten what a young pussy felt like. I tried to focus on Jenny, but all I could think about was Lance fucking Mary.

I saw Lance whisper in something in Mary's ear as he fucked her. He then stopped but Mary obviously wanted more as she kept bucking her hips.

"Say it." I heard Lance say.

Mary shook her head no. Lance lifted Mary off his cock and held her above it.

"Lance wants me to experience his cock in my pussy and another cock in my ass. Who wants to fuck my ass?" she asked. It was obvious that she didn't want to say it but was so horny she had to.

Before I could process it, Jim said he would love to and moved to Mary. I couldn't help but wonder if this was a set up.

Jim put some lube on his cock and scooted up behind Mary. Lance held her down to his chest so her asshole was more exposed. While Mary would occasionally allow me anal sex, she had never had two cocks at the same time.

I had almost stopped fucking Jenny as I watched as Jim put the tip of his cock on Mary's asshole. He took hold of her hips and slowly pushed forward. Mary didn't offer any resistance. Mary let out a moan as Jim pushed past her sphincter. Jim kept moving forward until his cock was fully in Mary's ass. 

"Does watching two young guys fuck you wife turn you on?" asked Jenny. I didn't respond.

Jenny reached around and took hold of my cock. She moved forward and it popped out of her pussy. She then put the tip of my cock on her asshole.

"It is OK to fuck my ass while Jim fucks your wife's ass. Take it." Jenny said.

Jenny pushed back until my cock penetrated her asshole. She started to move her hips obviously wanting more.

I watched as Jim and Lance both fucked Mary. At first, they fucked her slowly but then they picked up the pace. Soon, they were both fucking my wife with abandon. Mary seemed to be in her own little world.

I was awakened back to realty when Jenny told me to "Fuck my ass hard. I want to cum on your cock."

I don't know what got into me but I grabbed her hips and slammed her back into my hard cock. She left out a primal sound. I decided that if Mary was enjoying being fucked by two young studs then I could fuck Jenny with abandon.

"Tell me what you want." I commanded Jenny

"Fuck me hard and any way you want." Jenny responded.

I kept fucking her ass as hard as I could. She stood there with feet apart holding her ankles and loving every minute of it.

I looked over and Bob gave me the thumbs up. "Isn't she a little slut?" He said. I could only nod "yes".

Mary let out a scream as she started to cum. It was obvious that she was experiencing wave after wave of orgasms. I could see that Jim's ass tightened and knew that he was going to come in her ass. He let out a howl and started to quiver. That was all it took for Lance to start to come. 

As they dismounted Mary, I could see cum dripping from her ass and pussy. Mary rolled over on her side and looked me in the eyes as I was fucking Jenny. All kind of emotions were running through my head but I just wanted to cum.

I could feel Jenny starting to cum. "He is fucking my ass and I am going to cum." She said to her husband. He didn't respond. Jenny started to cum with me fucking her ass. I didn't let up until she went limp.

I was just about to cum. "Jenny, I want to cum in your mouth, I commanded."

Jenny pulled off me and turned and put her mouth at the tip of my cock. I could believe that I was looking at this young girl and she was going to willing accept my seed. I stroked myself. As I started to cum on Jenny, Mary jumped in and took some of my cum in her mouth. Once I was drained, Mary and Jenny started to kiss and lick my cum off each other's faces.

I have never seen anything as erotic.

After each of the girls and guys had cum, we each took a seat. At first, I was going to sit with Mary but Jim corrected me and pointed me to Jenny.

After a while, everyone got up and started to mingle. Mary approached me and I could tell that she was apprehensive. 

"Did you have a good time?" I asked. Mary looked down at the floor and didn't answer.

"Did you have a good time?" I repeated. Mary looked up into my eyes and nodded "yes".

"I have never cum so hard and often in my life." She said. I don't want you to feel jealous but it felt so good to have two cocks in me.

I am not jealous at all, I explain. In fact, it was a turn on to see you take two young cocks at the same time, I explained. Plus, I got to fuck Jenny who has one heck of a pussy and ass, I said.

Walking home that night, we both wondered what the next time would be like. That night as we walked home, we could help wonder if Jim and Heather would ask us to another party.