 Chapter 1 -- Jim Visits Mel and Three Coeds: The Extended Family Expands

"What was that about, Lover?" Karen asked as she welcomed me back into the living room with a hug and kiss. I'd been sequestered in my den and had just spent about two hours on the telephone with the editor and soon-to-be publisher of my two most recent self-help books, both written after a long dry spell and a lengthy time spent doing research.

"Well, I have to go to Ohio for a week. They're in the final edit stages and want me up there to work with their editor on last minute changes at the start of the week, and then to proof the galleys from their print house at the end of the week. It's a tight timeframe for them." I really didn't want to be away from the two loves in my life even for a few hours, let alone a week. My two lovers were Karen and Lynn, and now we'd been together for three years.

Lynn had actually fled to Florida from near Cincinnati, Ohio, leaving a drunk and abusive husband behind. I'd been her mentor and then her lover ever since her arrival in the state, when we'd been introduced through friends. Her best friend Karen from her new job had joined us shortly thereafter to make our triad complete. Since then, Lynn's divorce had been completed and she'd had a promotion at work.

While the three of us had quickly developed a robust intimate relationship with one another, that relationship had extended to include Mel, Lynn's daughter who was a senior at Ohio State; Robbie her fiancé; and Karen's sexy mother, Bev. Rachel and Carl, Karen's sister and brother-in-law had also joined our relationship, moving to Sarasota, Florida, to be close to us. Bev was in the fashion industry and traveled abroad a great deal.

"Do you have to prepare for the trip?" Karen asked.

"No, just show up with my laptop and the latest version of both books. They're trying for a side-by-side release and want everything to be perfect." I added, "Plus, Paul, my editor, said they'll want me to do a bunch of book signings around the big cities and appear on television here and there to tout the books. I'm going to meet their PR person while I'm up there."

"My TV hero!" Karen said as she came back and kissed me again. Lynn walked into the room and Karen turned to her, "I'll have you know we've been fucking a major author and television personality;" she gestured at me as she held me close.

"Oh really," Lynn said, "and how's that work?" She came and put her arms around the two of us.

I explained again about the books and the likelihood of a book tour and appearing on television talk shows in a few places to push the books for the publisher. Suddenly, I had two women hugging and kissing me. It wasn't that we didn't do this kind of thing a lot; it was that I always responded to their sexy bodies when they pushed them against me and rubbed their breasts around my body. I responded, as always.

Next thing, we were back in our big bed, and I was on my back with Lynn impaled on my rod, and Karen sitting on my face allowing my tongue and mouth to pleasure her. Both women were also rubbing, smoothing, sucking, and kissing above me; I could feel them move around but Karen's loins limited my view. She was unusually juicy today, and I was enjoying her tasty effluent to my heart's content. Somehow, when I concentrated on eating and sucking on her, I managed to have the intercourse last longer and be more pleasurable. Thus, I was doubly pleased.

Several changes were made so that each of us got to try their favorite positions and receive the sexual favors from the other two. My two lovers ravished my prone body, taking turns inhaling my rod and licking the juices from each other off of it, sitting and riding my shaft, and allowing me to pleasure them with my tongue. Then my body decided it'd had enough ravishing -- it just wanted an orgasm; some days I'm like that.

At the time I came I was in the missionary position over Lynn, slamming into her cunt with her feet up over my shoulders. Karen was sucking on one of her breasts as one of Lynn's hands held a few fingers in her pussy. I exploded into Lynn's pussy, having given fair warning of my imminent climax. After our well-synchronized orgasms, Lynn caught my prone form, and we rolled to our sides, allowing Karen and me to smooth and stroke her. We lay together in the warmth and love of our mutual afterglow.

"I'll miss you guys dearly while I'm away," I told them, kissing each of them. "Somehow I know you'll comfort each other during that week," I smiled at the two of them. They both grinned lecherously at me and at each other. 

"How far are you going to be from Columbus?" Lynn asked.

"Ooooh," I said, "right there! I know what you're thinking, I should see Mel. I'll probably be within a couple of miles of the campus. I know she's near there."

"Right," both women said at once. There were those lecherous grins again.

