 "Just wait, you'll see!"

We are sitting in my favorite restaurant and I am wearing a hot, sexy little red number that you just gave me and the perfume that drives you wild. I hear those same words that I have been hearing for weeks now when I ask about tonight. For weeks I have been waiting to find out this big surprise and for weeks I keep getting those same words from you. Now the time is here: My birthday. After weeks of watching you sneak around, making mysterious phone calls and going to last minute "meetings," the time has FINALLY come to reveal what you have planned for me. We finish dinner and it is off to the next stop but not without one last phone call from you to make sure everything is in order.

* * * * *

Now I am walking with you arms around me, guiding me. I am blindfolded and do not have the faintest idea what is in store. I hear you unlock a door and then you walk me inside. This is not a place I know as the smell is unfamiliar. A shiver of fear and / or excitement runs down my spine and you sense it but reassure me that I am safe. "Sit here," you tell me as you sit me in a very comfortable and rather large chair – very easy to relax in. 

You sit next to me, telling me to relax and enjoy my birthday surprise when it arrives. The excitement and suspense is making my nerves tingle and I am quickly getting aroused. I reach for you and find that I am not the only one in such a state as your cock is rock hard through your jeans. I squeeze it tightly and hear the moan that escapes from your lips. 

"Do we have time for some pre-festivities entertainment?" I ask.

"Like I could say no to you," you respond, kissing me in the sexy way that I love.

Still blindfolded, but taking that as my cue, I reach out for you with all my pent up sexual excitement. Kissing you more and more passionately, you feel my "animal" lust take over and know that this will be a night to remember.

* * * * *

I am horny as hell by now and needing to satisfy these burning cravings that I have. I take your head in my hands and kiss you long and hard, letting my mouth explore the very depths of yours - the fact that I am blindfolded only adding to my excitement. My hands trail down over your chest, caressing the skin, while my lips and tongue leaves yours but instead finds your eyelids, your ears, your neck then down to meet my hands caressing your chest. Gently I suck on one of your nipples, then the other, biting them ever so gently. I hear the moan escape you and that only feeds my fire. I feel myself getting hotter and wetter every second that passes. I reach down to your cock and find that I am not the only one getting hotter as the bulge in your pants has a damp spot on it. By now I don't care how much time we have, I am going to do this MY way and not worry about the time 'til the rest of my surprise.

I stop and pull away from you only long enough to unzip the back of my dress and let it fall to the ground. I remove the sexy bra and panties, too, until I am just standing there in front of you bare naked. I reach for you to remove your clothes as well. You start to assist me but I stop you - I want to do this myself! 

As I take off your shirt, I run my hands over your chest then up to your shoulders, following the same trail with kisses and flicks of my tongue. I hear your breathing quicken and I give you another hard kiss. 

Once your shirt is off, I run my tongue and hands down your body to your belt. Using nothing but my mouth, I undo your belt, the button on your pants, and then your zipper. I reach up and slowly pull down your pants as I reach around to cup those wonderful ass cheeks of yours. You are breathing very fast now and moaning loudly. You keep trying to speed up my progress or feel my rock-hard nipples but I tease you and pull away. By now we are both nearing cuming with excitement and we haven't even got to the best parts yet. 

"Damn, I wanna fuck you," I hear you say.

"MMMMMMMMMMMM – me too but in due time," I reply, though even I don't know how much longer I can hold out.

As I remove your shoes then your pants the remainder of the way, I feel that cock of yours standing fully at attention, oozing pre-cum. I reach up with my tongue to catch the pre-cum. That is all you can stand as you grab my head and demand me to suck it now. I am more then eager to oblige as I shove your cock down my throat. You thrust your cock into my mouth and, within moments, you shout and shoot your wad into my open mouth. Damn, you taste good! 

I sit back on my heels to let you regain composer and hear more moans. These aren't familiar though and you see my anxiety.

"Don't worry, now it is your turn. Your surprise is here," you tell me. 

You pull me up and have me lay back onto the bed as you tell me what you are going to do. You remove my blindfold and I find myself in nice hotel room, still nude, and lying on a king-size bed.

"For your birthday, I decided to make one of your fantasies come true."

I wonder what fantasy you are talking about. My mind is reeling as two men, naked from head to toe, come out from the door behind me. 

"Ah, now I know." I have always wanted to have three men at once – One to fuck, one to suck and one to jerk off onto me. The thought of it happening has me soaking the bed with my juices. "And you are completely alright with this?" I ask. One look at your cock answers that question as you are already fully hard again.

"Yup," is all you have to say.

* * * * *

After brief – very brief introductions, I can't wait to fulfill my long-held fantasy. Every cock in the room is rock-hard and ready for action and my dripping wet snatch is just as ready. Still tasting your cum on my tongue and feeling the throbbing between my legs has made me very, VERY impatient.

"You know what I want and let me tell you, I can't wait much longer!" I say. "But it is up to you guys to make my dream a reality and I need some relief, NOW!"

Smiling, you drop down to your knees in front of me. Reaching between my legs, you feel the moisture pouring out of me. "You want relief, huh?" laughing since you can tell the obvious answer. You reach down and rub my clit with your fingers and I nearly go through the roof with desire. I am sitting here pleading with you not to stop as you move your tongue to where your fingers just were. You know that I am going to cum like a geyser and that I will only get hornier as a result. Nibbling on my clit, you stick your fingers up inside me, pushing until you find that magic spot. I am struggling to maintain composer as you are driving me wild. You continue to finger-fuck me as I feel the orgasm build as something catches my eye from the side of the room. I glance over to see the guys stroking their rock hard cocks and that is more then I can stand... The dam breaks and I let out a loud moan as I coat your face, hand and the chair with my cum.

My orgasm only makes my desire more intense and I demand some more action. The two guys come over to where we are more then a little eager to oblige. You tell one of the guys to let me suck him as he moves toward my mouth. I reach out and grab his cock with one hand and guide it towards my lips. With the other hand I stroke his ball sac gently. I can tell he enjoys this, as I hear him suck in his breath and taste the sweet precum on his tip. I try to go slowly and tease him with my mouth. Using my tongue, I make a path all over his meat. Up one side of his shaft and back down, up again and twirl my tongue around and in his slit, back down and suck his balls, first one then the other – repeating this path over and over. Overcome by desire, he thrusts his cock towards me as I engulf it in my mouth. I take a few short bobs on it then deep-throat it all the way as he yells out. I am watching the two of you stroke your cocks as I do this and I don't think I have ever seen you so hard. You see me watching you and come over to me.

I look at you both with all my pent up passion. "I want you to fuck me and fuck me hard!" I demand to you, "And you – you get up here so I can suck that cock of yours, too!" I tell him. Quickly he moves to my face and before I know it, I have his cock in my other hand while I stroke him, too. Taking turns licking and sucking both cocks, I am feeling the effects of another orgasm building and can hardly keep still.

You are more then ready for some serious fucking yourself as you approach me and spread my legs wide. Lifting my legs onto your shoulders, you waste no time but ram that wonderful cock deep inside me. The feelings of cock finally deep inside me and cocks in my mouth and in my hand is too much for me to take and I scream as the orgasm overtakes me, soaking your cock and balls as my cum squirts everywhere. 

I am like a sex maniac now – I want more and more! You are still buried deep within me, taking slow strokes, as you are on the verge of cumming, too, but trying to hold out. I sense this and want to prolong it, too, so I concentrate on the cocks in my mouth and hand. I am hungry for the taste of cum and start working both of them over with wild abandon! Alternating between deep-throating their cocks and sucking their balls, I hear both guys breathing fast and breathing hard. I know they are ready to cum as they are dripping like crazy. By now I am so hot that I can't stop! I wrap my legs around your waist and scream for you to fuck me as both guys start jerking off their cocks. I am gyrating my hips to your rhythm as you pound your cock into me, over and over! I hear the moaning and look down just as the first guy shoots his load all over my tits. That is all I can take and with a loud moan, I cum again – long and hard. You feel my walls tighten and that puts you over the edge as well. I feel your hot cum fill me up, shot after shot, and that only continues my orgasm. I am screaming now as it feels like the pleasure is only getting stronger. Suddenly, I shove the last guy into my mouth as he starts shooting his wad, too. I want to taste every drop and it seems that he has plenty to give!

I lay there as my orgasm finally subsides. Every nerve in my body feels alive and over-sensitive. I cannot remember it being that intense and I am in a delirious state of afterglow. I am surrounded my men with very talented cocks and know that the night has only just begun...