 It had been quite a day. Lois and Deb bantered excitedly as they recapped the last few hours events while waiting for their husbands to pull the car up to where they waited. The two couples had been friends for just a few weeks. They had met just a few times before initially for a brief dinner date, then a couple more times once for dinner and a movie and another time for dinner and dancing.

They had bonded quickly. It seemed both couples had similar interests and between the actual meetings they kept the internet busy with messages and chat flying back and forth.

The car pulled up to the curb behind them with Jim behind the wheel. Eric hopped out of the passenger seat and opened the back door expecting to let his wife Lois in, help Deb into the front seat with Jim, and then slide into the back seat with his mate. Instead to his surprise Deb slipped in next to Lois, so without saying anything he turned and climbed back into the front with Jim.

As Jim guided the car down the brightly lit street Deb commented, “Wasn’t the play wonderful? I’ve always wanted to go to a dinner theatre, but somehow Jim and I never seemed to get around to it until you two encouraged us.”

Lois followed with a declaration about how great the meal had been. The women continued to dominate the conversation as they traveled, with the men only occasionally succeeding in interjecting a brief yes or a nod in response to questions by their spouses. The two couples came from neighboring small towns and had converged in the city to spend a weekend of recreation, relaxation, and the opportunity to further their acquaintance. 

Their motel was not far from the theatre so it didn’t take long for them to arrive at their final destination for the evening. Eric and Lois had checked in ahead of their friends and were fully settled into their room when they arrived. The ladies were anxious to get in a little shopping before dinner so Jim and Deb hadn’t had time to unload all their luggage before crawling back into the sedan and heading out.

Upon returning to the inn Lois went on in followed quickly by Deb who had paused for a moment with the intent of carrying a suitcase into the room only to have Eric grab it away from her and shoe her off in the direction his wife had headed. 

By the time the men caught up with them the girlfriends were settling into the room. Lois had brought a portable CD player along and had soft music playing. She also brought a few scented candles along and after having kicked her shoes off Deb was helping her light them. 

The men set the bags down and as Jim reached into a cooler for a chilled bottle of wine that he and Deb had brought to share he heard her saying, “I 

hope no one is uncomfortable with me getting a little more comfortable.” Without waiting for a response she pulled her jacket off revealing the lacy silk camisole she was wearing underneath. Although it was clearly intended to be worn as underwear it was not overly revealing other than allowing the shape of her breasts to become a little more defined.

Jim grinned as he saw what his mate was up to, and he felt no jealousy but rather a little bit of confident pride as he noticed his friend checking her out. Then Lois caught his attention as she echoed the desire to be more comfortable and while maintaining her modesty reached under her skirt and slipped her panty hose off. As Jim turned his attention back to the wine his eyes made contact with Eric’s and he realised he too had been busted for staring at his friend’s mate.

Slipping the cork out of the tall green bottle Jim queried, “Did we bring glasses? 

Deb responded, “I think I forgot to put them in, but the motel left us some tumblers over here. Let’s just use them.” With that she ripped the plastic coverings off the glasses, passsed one each to Eric and Lois who were now seated together on the end of one of the two queen beds in the room. After handing a tumbler to Jim she picked up one for herself and sat on the end of the same bed as her husband approached with the open bottle. Jim poured the wine and was feeling just a bit envious as he realized his male friend was cozily situated between the two ladies.

Jim poured the wine, then facing the trio on the bed lifted his glass,. The others followed suit. “To us! To good friendship, a love of discovery, and wherever the two shall lead us.

All four touched glasses, in unison proclaimed, “To us!” and took a sip of the wine . For a few minutes nothing further was said, and they all sipped wine nervously. 

When her wine was nearly gone, Lois jumped up from the bed, took Eric by the hand and said, ”I feel like dancing.” Eric stood up quickly, took Lois in his arms and began to dance with her. Their friends followed suit, and the tension dissolved rapidly as all four moved and swayed to the gentle sounds from the portable CD player. 

As each couple pressed tightly together and felt their bodies pressing together they moved slowly around the limited open area in the small room and the mood began to change. Both ladies enjoyed being held and touched by their mates, and their husbands were always willing to provide the touch they craved. 

As Eric ran his hands up and down Lois’ back from her shoulders to her butt she was starting to feel the effects of his gentle caress flowing throughout her body. It was almost as though she had forgotten anyone else was in the room with them, and yet at the same time their presence somehow heightened the feelings she was enjoying. As the little boom box moved from one song to another she pulled his ear close to her lips gave it a little kiss, a signal he understood clearly, and whispered, “Would you help me get this sweater off.

She was wearing a soft pastel blue cardigan which clung tightly to her ample figure. Her mature bosom was well supported by a modern miracle of fabric engineering that lifted and squeezed in a most enticing way, and she had left enough buttons undone at the top of her sweater to show off the wonderful cleavage it created.

Eric started to pull back and loosen the numerous small buttons as she faced him, but she had different ideas and turned with her back to him, took his hands which had dropped to his waste and brought them slowly back up to the next button that was still fastened. Shamelessly before she pulled her hands away allowing Eric to complete the task she had assigned him she drew his open palms over her chest enjoying the electricity she felt flowing through her body as they applied gentle pressure against her nipples through the layers of knit and fabric. 

Lois was in heaven when Eric loosened her clothing for her, and those wonderful feelings his touch always created as he slowly opened each button were magnified by the thought of her friends being close at hand. She was not disappointed when she had turned to find Jim and Deb dancing close by with both their faces turned toward her. The movement of her mates hands had caught their attention and they didn’t hesitate to focus their gazes on her chest as he began exposing her breasts.

Deb was feeling a sense of liberation of her own as she saw her friend finding it so easy to expose herself to her and Jim. As Lois slipped out of her sweater Eric gave it a casual toss to the side of the room. Jim couldn’t have pulled his eyes away from their friend’s slow striptease had he wanted to. He felt a surge between his legs as he gazed at the nearly naked torso dancing so closely to him and his wife. He slid his hands down to Deb’s bottom and pulled her more tightly toward himself in hope that she too might feel what was happening in his groin.

Lois continued to dance with her back to Eric and her hefty middle-aged bosom exposed to her friends. It seemed she could actually feel Jim’ gaze touching her and as it did so her nipples continued to swell and harden. She also sensed a tacit approval from Deb and that only fueled her desire to expose her body to all present.

Jim was barely cognizant of his own actions as he loosened the button and zipper on the side of Deb’s skirt. As she realized what her partner was doing she felt a sudden flush then felt increased moistness in the crotch of her panties. Her skirt dropped to the floor, and hooking it with a toe she flung it casually to the side with her foot. As her sense of freedom grew she did a slow spin in Jim’s arms until like her friend she was dancing with her back to her mate and her newly exposed body more visible to the other couple.

Jim’s hands had been on her bottom when she began her spin. and with her back to him they were now caressing the lower portion of her tummy. Her arousal increased as she felt his fingertips stroking the upper edge of her pubic hair through the little silk and lace bikini that was now barely concealing her most personal parts. As the atmosphere in the room became more charged Jim continued to stroke her lower regions with one hand while slowly bringing his other hand up her tummy and chest until his hand slipped under the lacy camisole that hung loosely over her breasts ending just above her navel. Her knees shook and she felt as though she would have fallen to the floor had she not been wrapped in her mate’s muscular arms.

As Eric unashamedly watched the other pair of lovers so close at hand he could feel his penis grow and harden as though trying to break free from the constrictive garments encasing it. He loosened his mate’s skirt letting it drop, then almost reflexively ran his hands over his mate’s nearly exposed body feeling the moistness in her panties, the smoothness of her exposed skin, the hardness of her nipples and the soft bulge of her breasts.

Almost as though receiving the same directions both women wriggled from their lovers’ grasps and slipped behind them. In unison and as though driven to complete their tasks quickly they unbuttoned the men’s shirts and nearly ripped them off. Then moved quickly to their belts and dropped their slacks exposing the hard bulges in their briefs. Each man was feeling the excitement of being disrobed by his mate, a feeling made stronger by the gaze of the other woman in the room, yet somehow held in check by the thought that the other man might happen to look at him in this aroused state.

As the other three were starting to mentally question what should happen next Deb broke through the fog of uncertainty by slipping to Jim’s side where she was equally exposed to the other couple and looking Lois in the eye asked, “Would you mind if I danced with Eric?”

“Certainly! As long as no one minds my dancing with Jim.”

Not waiting for any objections the women exchanged places and were quickly snuggling their nearly naked bodies against the nearly naked bodies of their friend’s mates and moving gently to the music. As the women seemed to move into this mode easily the men both felt a little nervousness about where and how it was acceptable to touch the other’s wife, and then there was this incredible excitement of feeling one’s turgid penis pressing against a strange female body and the nagging little fear that maybe she would be offended by it even though he couldn’t control it and she was making no effort to move away from it.

The couples continued to dance for a little while as they became more comfortable with the new feelings derived from pressing unfamiliar bodies together. As the hormones rushed through their veins no one was certain how long they had been dancing when Lois said, “I think I’m ready to dance with Eric again.” The couples broke and regrouped with their own mates. 

As the men started to move back into position to dance with their wives Lois looked Eric in the eye and said I think I’d like to take the next dance to the bed. She broke from his grip and taking his hand in hers moved to one of the awaiting beds, slipped the covers back, and still holding his hand lay down on her back looking up and giving a clear invitation. 

Following her friend’s cue Deb took Jim’s hand and started to head toward the other bed, but Lois turned her gaze away from Eric for a moment turned toward her and said, “This bed is large. Why don’t you share it with us? After how close we’ve all been tonight that other bed seems so far away.”

Deb felt her nipples hardening again as she glanced at the couple on the other bed. A lump formed in her throat as she turned her gaze to Jim. The look on his face made it clear he was leaving the decision to her. For what seemed an eternity she looked at him a little more, glanced at the other couple again, swallowed the lump, and turned toward Lois and Eric. 

Lois beamed her approval as she read the decision in Deb’s eyes. She rolled slightly toward where the other couple stood and gently patted the open space next to her on the bed. Deb moved quickly and slipped in next to the other woman. As she did she noticed that Eric who was sitting on the edge of the bed had already slipped his hands under her, loosened her bra and was lifting it off her breasts. She had never thought of herself as bi, but the sight of her friend’s exposed chest with its large mounds and hard nipples sent another surge of electricity through her body and more moisture to her panties.

She took a deep breath as Jim lifted her camisole, realizing as she raised to allow him to slip it off 6 eyes were staring lustfully at her chest. All four bodies were now fully exposed except for the wisps of cloth covering their pubic regions. Deb felt Jim’s hand sliding into her panties as she watched Eric doing the same to Lois and somehow it was almost like an “out of body experience.” She felt herself rising to meet Jim’s touch as Lois did the same with Eric and saw Lois’ panties slipping down her legs as she felt her own doing the same. 

Once the women were lying fully exposed the men in unison slipped their own briefs down and lay next to their mates. The rest of the night was almost as if it were orchestrated with the men touching their lovers the same way at the same time. There was an awareness of four people present and somehow at the same time almost a sense of only two lovers who were larger than life. As each couple would glance at the other it was not so much like watching someone else as it was like watching themselves. All those wonderful feelings normally experienced while making love seemed to be intensified to indescribable dimensions.

As Eric and Jim simultaneously mounted their mates and slipped their hard rods into them, Lois reached out and took Deb’s hand, and as Deb felt Jim’s shaft plunge deep within her she gave her friend’s hand a less than gentle squeeze which Lois returned with full understanding. Feelings were intense as sounds, sights and smells were multiplied beyond what any of the lovers had been used to. Even without looking they were all very much aware of the other’s movements as they could feel the motion created by the other couple transmitted through the bed.

Eric was the first to come as his body suddenly went rigid and he rammed his stiff shaft deep into Lois one last time before dumping his heavy load between her loins. Collapsing briefly on top of his mate he recovered quickly and was able to continue fucking her until she came violently, shrieking loudly. As she clamped her legs tightly around him her body tremored sending wonderful vibrations to the other pair.

Lois’ shrieks and thrashing seemed to trigger Deb’s orgasm and as she responded in a manner similar to the friend beside her Jim gave it his all and fired his juices deep into her awaiting vessel. The ladies reached out again squeezed each other’s hands briefly then broke their clasp and took the hands of each other’s husbands as they lay quietly in the after glow still cradling their mates in their legs and arms.

As the tension went out of their bodies Jim leaned to the side and gave Lois a little kiss on the lips before rolling off Deb and snuggling beside her on the outer edge of the bed. Eric followed suit giving Deb a kiss then rolling to the other side. As they all drifted off to sleep the ladies joined hands followed by their lovers, each stretching an arm across to the middle forming a pile of hands in the center of the bed.