 Joe turned away before he was caught staring. He took a swig of his beer and tried to look somewhere else, but his eyes were drawn. His head turned and he again took in the vision on the dance floor. A guy and a girl were grinding away in the middle of the room. The other dances seemed oblivious, but every time Joe caught a glimpse of the pair, he was transfixed. 

She had long brown hair and a body to die for. Wrapped as it was in a slinky red dress, little was left to the imagination. And with the way she was working the guy that she was dancing with, Joe wouldn't have been surprised is she made him cum in his pants before the song ended. As they turned and moved on the dance floor, Joe took in her body, wishing that he could be so fortunate as to be the guy that she was pressed up against. There were other women in the bar, many of them actually attractive, yet none compared to her and the vision drove Joe's desire away from the others.

The song ended and the couple left the dance floor, the bloke (well built Joe admitted to himself as he summed up the 'competition') leading, trailing a hand behind him, leading the vision from the dance floor. Joe turned resolutely back to his beer, facing the bar staff as they moved up and sat on the stools next to him, the bloke beside Joe with the girl on the far side.

They ordered drinks and started chatting, Joe wishing if nothing else that the seating positions had at least been reserved.

"Hey, I gotta pee Donna," Joe heard the guy say as he stood from his stool and moved away. Joe turned and followed him into the crowd with his gaze, the movement drawing it away from his concentrated stare at the rack of bottles behind the bar. As he turned back again, he met the girl's gaze, her eyes sparkling as her face broke into a friendly smile. Joe grinned back before the instant passed. 

The girl downed her drink and ordered another. "Thirsty work, dancing," she said to Joe as he watched her order. 

"Must be the way you do it, I got hot enough to need a drink just watching," Joe said.

The girl laughed. "Maybe you should grab a partner and try it?" 

"Well unless you're offering, I think I'll pass. Watching you is energetic enough at this point."

"You never know, maybe later," Donna said, causing Joe's heart to skip a beat. "I'm Donna, by the way." She held out her hand and Joe reached out to shake it. Her skin was delightfully smooth and Joe allowed his fingers to stroke her hand tenderly as she withdrew it from his grasp. His cock swelled in reaction to the motion.

"Joe," Joe responded, smiling.

"Nice to meet you Joe," Donna said, her face split again by its wonderful smile. 

At that point her friend returned and Donna introduced Joe to Derek. Joe was very conscious of the fact that she introduced him as a friend of hers. Not boyfriend. Not partner. Not a sexual toy, just as a friend. Maybe there was hope for him yet, he dreamed. 

As the night went on, Derek and Donna came and went from the dance floor, talking to Joe when they were resting, Joe watching them wistfully and lustfully as they turned and ground when they were on it. Eventually, he'd had enough and decided to head off. He bid them good night and made his way to his room at the adjoining motel, disappointed that his dance with Donna had never eventuated.

It wasn't anything special, but it was cheap and after all, he was only there for one night. He could put up with the paper-thin walls and traffic noise as long there wasn't anything outrageous like a party in the next room.

About midnight, Joe was awakened by something thumping on the wall. It was persistent and when it was joined by the cries of a woman apparently having a very good time, Joe realised someone was getting lucky in the next room.

The fact that someone was getting lucky wasn't much help to Joe though and it became increasingly infuriating for him when he couldn't get back to sleep. He thought he could handle the muffled cries of pleasure but the thump thump thump of the bed on the wall was driving him nuts. He got out of bed and checked the one that he was lying on. Yep, it could easily be moved away from the walls. 

Joe wasn't the sort of person to kick up a stink normally, but he had an early start and just wanted to get some sleep. He got out of bed, pulled on his track pants and went out the door. He strode over to the adjoining room's door and thumped on it.

The cries of pleasure stopped and Joe heard footsteps. There was a pause, as someone must have peered out of the peephole in the doorway.

"Joe!" he heard a voice exclaim as the door swung open to the limit of the chain that was supposed to keep people out. He was stunned to see Donna peering back at him from the crack. He could see a naked shoulder and suddenly wished it was more,.his cock rising instantly as his mind started filling in possible details.

"Donna," he said, surprised.

"Something I can do for you?" she asked. Joe was surprised at how civilised she was being. Hell, he realised, if someone had just interrupted me, I would be spewing. 

"Er, well, you see, the bed keeps thumping the wall, and I can't sleep. I was wondering if you'd mind moving the bed a bit so that I can?" he blurted out, blushing. He wondered why Donna had opened the door now that he thought about it. 

"Actually, I have a little problem with that," she said. "You see, its too heavy." Joe obviously looked puzzled, after all, there were two of them in there he assumed. He didn't think someone would make that kind of noise when they were masturbating. 

"Hang on," she said, closing the door. He heard the chain rattle and then the door opened without its impediment. Joe looked in the room and was stunned to see Derek lying on the bed, spread-eagled, his wrists and ankles bound to the corner of the bed. He was naked, his large, erect cock laying against his stomach, a blind fold covering his eyes.

Joe glanced at Donna who was half standing behind the door. His jaw nearly hit the ground as he took in most of one breast a leg and the curve of her hips as she allowed the scene to sink into his mind.

"I guess you could help me move it?" she said to him. "If you want to sleep that is," she added. Joe was still unmoved in the doorway, his mouth with nothing to convey as his mind struggled. Donna walked away from him towards the other side of the bed and Joe simply stood and admired the view, his cock rising further and further in response to the vision of her tight butt wiggling as she strolled casually away. 

"Gonna help me? Or did you just want to hold the door open so everyone can see?" Donna said. Joe reacted instinctively, all but jumping inside the room and allowing the door to close behind him. 

"Don't worry, Derek," Donna said, "It's just Joe, apparently the bed hitting the wall is keeping him awake, so we're just going to move you." Joe moved over to the side of the bed opposite Donna, scarcely believing the surreal situation hie was in as his eyes feasted upon Donna's naked glory. From her rock hard, perky nipples to her neatly trimmed pubes.

Donna bent over and reached down to the bed to move it. Trance-like, Joe copied her and they shifted the bed with a grating slide so that it was a foot away from the wall.

"Um, thanks," Joe said, straightening up again and moving towards the door. 

"No problem, sleep well ... " Just as Joe reached the door she added, "unless you'd rather stay and play?"

"Sorry, what?!" Joe muttered, turning back to face Donna. 

"Well, it looks like you like what you've seen so far," Donna said, indicating the erection that was now clearly evident in the pants that he'd hastily dragged on. "Maybe you'd like to play around a little?" Donna pulled at her left nipple with her left hand whilst she dragged a finger of her right through her pussy before sucking it into her mouth.

"Um, but, what about Derek?" Joe said quietly, glancing over to the bed where Derek still lay, prone, tied and naked.

"Oh he won't mind, will you Derek, he knows enough to accept that he needs to share me. After all, its not like he has any claim on me. Derek, you're ok with sharing, aren't you." It was more of a statement than a question.

"If it means I get to enjoy more time with you, of course," Derek said, a smile across his blindfolded face. Donna waggled a finger at Joe, who hesitated. Could he really go through with this? He again cast his gaze of the magical woman that was standing before him and decided that yes, he could. He stepped towards Donna. Donna didn't hesitate, she stepped up to him and dropped to her knees, dragging his pants down as she went, his cock springing free. 

Noisily, she sucked his cock into her mouth, plunging down its length and then slurping back up. Joe moaned with the intensity of the sensation, barely grasping that this was happening. 

"Hear that Derek, I think he likes it," Donna said between sucks. Gradually, Donna moved back towards the bed, keeping Joe's cock in her mouth and encouraging him to move with her. When she was close enough, she reached out with one hand and grabbed a hold of Derek's cock, stroking it as she continued to work her mouth up and down Joe's.

"I want you to fuck me Joe, I want this nice stiff cock in my pussy." And saying that, Donna stood up and leaned over the bed. She took Derek's cock in her mouth and started sucking it, her butt pointed towards Joe. Joe surveyed the perfection of her butt and used his hands to spread her cheeks, revealing her wet slit.

Joe had never encountered a woman so in control of her sexuality and was a bit taken aback by the rapidity of the development. He decided that before he stuck his cock in her pussy, he was going to taste it and dropped to his knees behind her, running his tongue up and down her slit and probing between her lips.

Donna moaned appreciatively as she sucked her way up and down Derek's cock and her pussy was similarly treated by Joe. Then Joe stood again and slipped two fingers into Donna's pussy, working them in and out and feeling her slick silken insides before withdrawing them and replacing them with his cock.

"Ohh yeah, that's what I need," Donna cried as she felt Joe's cock slip inside her and thrust deep. She reached up and pulled the blindfold off of Derek's head, telling him that he should at least get to enjoy seeing her pussy filled with a cock as she sucked on his.

Joe reached before Donna to get his hands on the breasts that he'd been admiring, feeling their firmness along with the taught nipples as he slipped his cock in and out of her.

Joe focussed on the vision of his cock sliding in and out of Donna's pussy, seeing her lips cling to the shaft each time he withdrew. He was just getting close to the point of orgasm when Donna moved away as he pulled back and his cock slipped from her slick hole. 

"Time for a change," she told him, winking. She climbed up onto the bed and squatted over Derek's cock, sliding down his pole until he was buried within her. Joe could see him thrusting with his entire being, pushing himself up into Donna as she moved herself up and down in counter point, slamming his cock home inside her.

"Come and stand in front of me," Donna said to Joe. Joe climbed up on the bed, careful not to tread on the prone form of Derek. He stood before Donna and she reached behind him, pulling him closer, his cock unerringly finding her mouth as she opened it to greet him. He felt her push and pull on his hips, getting him thrusting his cock at her mouth as she ground herself on Derek's cock.

Joe felt Donna's fingers on his balls and then on his shaft. She pushed his cock up against his belly and sucked on a testicle before sucking his cock again, this time raking her fingernails along his scrotum as she took as much of his cock within her mouth as she could.

It was the point of no return for Joe and he felt his balls tense before his cock pulsed and his cum shot into Donna's mouth. She swallowed vigorously as he erupted.

"Ohh that was great, but now I want my pussy eaten." Donna announced. Joe stepped back from off of the bed, ready to get another taste of her pussy, but Donna moved until she had her pussy thrust back against Derek's face, 69ing with him as Joe looked on. 

"Do you think this look's hot, Joe? Do you like getting to see my mouth on this cock?' Donna quizzed Joe between mouthfuls of Derek's cock. Joe stood mutely watching. It was indeed hot to see her performing. She kept licking her tongue along whilst catching his gaze and holding it. She would swirl her tongue around the head of his cock before plunging down again, her butt wiggling as she was pleasured by Derek's mouth.

As Joe watched, Donna stopped sucking on Derek's cock and held it with her hand. Her body appeared to tense and then she shuddered with a quiet squeal and Joe knew that she had just had an orgasm. The sight of her silently convulsing with her orgasm was intoxicating and Joe found his cock swelling again as he watched Donna resume her sucking of Derek's cock.

Donna sucked on Derek's cock for a bit before announcing that she thought that Derek should be released. She set about untying him from the bed before returning to sit on the edge as Derek rubbed his wrists where he'd been tied. 

"I want you both to stand in front of me," she said, grabbing their cocks and pulling on them as they came within reach. Derek stood to the left, and Joe to the right and Donna took turns sucking on first one and then the other. Derek was clearly getting close to cumming now and soon Donna simply held Joe's cock in her right hand as she used her left to pump the base of Derek's cock as her lips and tongue worked over its head.

Derek was thrusting at her mouth and grunting whilst Donna mumbled encouragement around the head of his dick. When Derek announced that he was going to cum, Donna released her hands from the two cocks she was holding and grabbed Derek's arse, pulling his dick into her mouth. Derek tensed and grunted and his cock pulsed as it shot a massive load of cum deep into Donna's mouth. She swallowed the first spurt, but pulled back as her mouth filled and the second spurt splashed onto her breasts. As Derek's orgasm subsided, she pulled his cock back into her mouth and sucked the last of his cum from its tip. Then she turned to Joe and pulled his cock back into her mouth as she used her hands to rub the sperm into her breasts.

"I think its time you fucked me again," Donna said to Joe, shifting position and laying back upon the bed, lifting her knees to her chest. "And I want you deep inside me."

Joe moved over to the bed and knelt on the edge before leaning over Donna, his cock spearing towards and into her pussy, her ankles now resting against his shoulders. He thrust inside her, his balls coming to rest against her arse as she encouraged him to fuck her until she came again.

Joe delighted in sliding his cock in and out, watching her pussy lips grip his shaft with each slide between her lips. Donna put her hands on her ankles and pulled her legs apart as Joe marvelled at her flexibility. She then released one ankle and moved her hand to her pussy, wrapping her hand briefly around Joe's slick shaft as it slid inside her before moving her fingers to her clit, tweaking and stroking it as she enjoyed being penetrated.

"Oh fuck, oh yes, fill me, cum in me, " Donna cried as she worked herself closer to another orgasm. Joe thrust quickly and powerfully and as he felt Donna tense and her body begin to shudder, he lost it, his cock shooting its load of cum inside her orgasming pussy.

Joe collapsed to one side and was surprised to hear Donna say, "Come on Derek, don't think you get away without doing it to me too!" As Joe watched, Derek stepped up and slid his reinvigorated cock into Donna's pussy. Donna returned her fingers to her clit and began playing intermittently as Derek began thrusting inside her.

"I want to suck your cock again," Donna said to Joe, who looed at her, disbelief etched across his face. She insisted and Joe moved so that his cock was within reach of her mouth and Donna turned her head to her side and sucked on his semi-erect penis, slurping at the mixture of their love as Derek pounded her.

It wasn't long before Derek announced that he was about to cum and Donna told him that he wasn't allowed to until she did. She resumed fingering herself with fury and Joe thrust his cock at her mouth over and over again. For the third time Donna's body convulsed and shook with an orgasm, Joe's cock falling from her mouth as Derek came for a second time, sending his cum to mingle with Joe's deep inside Donna's pussy.

Donna was laying on the bed, her legs now drawn up to her, her thighs squeezed together as she felt the seed of the two men she had enjoyed seeping from herself.

"Well, Joe, sorry to keep you awake, I sure hope you manage to survive the rest of the night ok," she said, as Joe dressed to leave. 

"Oh somehow I think I'll manage it," he laughed. "I was going to apologise for interrupting you, but now that I think about it, I'd just be lying. Night."