 Laura knew how the afternoon would end, it was always the same. Their Sunday afternoon country walks had started as the daylight began to linger into the evening. Springtime is a wonderful time to wander amongst nature and sometimes it was just nice to switch off the television, leave the bustle and pollution behind and suck some fresh air into the lungs.

Invigorated by the fresh spring air their first walk had ended with her pinned against a tree as Joe had taken her from behind, their jeans around their ankles and their excited gasps and moans echoing around the trees. Since then the thrill of open-air sex had quickly become the reason they went for a walk in the first place, always keen to try something new, somewhere new.

Joe thought risk was something he had introduced Laura to. Despite them being twenty-one when they had met, he believed he was the first to introduce her to most of their sexual experiences. It was as if she hadn't existed before they'd met. Joe liked to think of her as his dirty little girl and felt it was always his duty to push back their sexual boundaries - but what Joe had never been interested in discovering was that Laura had been a dirty little girl before they had met.

In Joe's favourite fantasy Laura was spit-roasted between himself and another man, her pussy and mouth stuffed full whilst they simultaneously used her for their pleasure. Often whilst she sucked his cock, he would hold a handful of her hazelnut hair and push himself deep inside her, describing in lurid detail what they would do to her, how they would treat her and how she would love every cheap and nasty second of it. But once his lust was satisfied and his softening cock tucked safely away, the fantasy always was as well.

When everything in their sex life had been new, she had always expected him to conjure up the threesome, but he never quite dared. Whether it was that he didn't think she would go through with it, or that he didn't know how he would react to seeing her screwed by someone else, she didn't know.

It was Joe's nature to assume that a threesome would be new and exciting for them both. It simply didn't cross his mind that Laura could have told him tales from her university days that would have left him hard for a week, but she knew that stories of public sex, girl on girl, threesomes and one particularly memorable foursome - that lasted all night and left her sore for days -- would just not be believed and that was that.

As they walked through the park she could sense his head darting back and forth, constantly searching for somewhere to hide from the outside world. The search was part of the excitement and knowing that he was going to fuck her always had her slick with anticipation from the moment they stepped out of the car.

Joe pulled her close and kissed her, sucking her bottom lip into his mouth, gently closing his teeth against it. Staring into her eyes he whispered as an older couple passed behind her.

"So how about it then?" He asked, holding her gaze.

"What, just here?" She said with wide eyes feigning shock, but he held her gaze. Testing him, she reached down and stroked his cock. It was rock solid and pressing against the zip of his jeans. He moaned at her touch but flinched away as she started to unzip his fly, a nervous giggle escaping his lips.

"You're very naughty." He said, as he walked beside her, pleased that his plan was one step closer and oblivious to how far Laura would have gone.

Life busied itself around them. The excited cry of pedalling children, mixed groups chasing Frisbees and the rising aroma of barbecued meat all filled the park. When they reached the top of the lake, they rested briefly on a wooden bench and watched the world go by between kisses before the cooling afternoon made them start to retrace their steps towards to the car.

"So what are you going to do to me today?" Joe turned and kissed her, then held his lips close to hers.

"I'm going to strip you naked and fuck your face." She could feel his hard cock as he pressed his body against her. "I'm going to pull your hair and push my cock down your throat, then fire my cum all over your face so everyone can see what a filthy little cock-slut you are. And if anyone catches us, I'm going to let them have you as well."

"You're actually going to cum all over me?" She said after a moment of silence as they began to walk along the path.

"It'll be plastered all over your face and dripping from your hair."

She'd heard it all before and she knew he wouldn't dare. Of course, he'd cum all over her before, but he just never dared in public in case someone actually caught them. Even at home he always produced a wad of tissue paper and gently mopped away his mess immediately afterwards. He was just too squeaky clean to really treat her how he fantasised.

They walked hand in hand in silence and Laura let her mind wander back to her first week at university. Fresher's Week was a time to find your feet before lectures began and whilst most of it was a drunken blur, she would never forget the first time she had experienced the feeling of a man's seed splashing over her skin.

A long days drinking had left the room spinning and she had ended up in the kitchen on the boy's floor above hers. As people drifted away, she was eventually left alone with a boy she'd been chatting to all evening.

The thrill of her new found freedom and the buzz of alcohol sent shivers down her spine and as soon as she kissed him, she knew that would not satisfy her. With no curfew and no mother waiting for her to come home, she broke their kiss to check they were alone and simply dropped to her knees and wrestled his rigid cock from his jeans. Slowly she licked his bulbous head before closing her lips around it. He moaned as she sat on her knees and rocked back and forth, his cock disappearing between her eager lips.

As she licked and sucked all around his throbbing cock, her saliva lubricated her hand until she could hear the soft squelch of his wet skin against hers. As his excitement rose he bucked his hips more urgently and she pumped him faster, coaxing his seed ever closer.

"Shit, I'm gonna cum." He gasped and she braced herself to receive his load. She relaxed her grip and swallowed as much of his cock as she could, feeling him push it deep into the back of her mouth.

"Fuck, yeah!" He grunted, his hands moving to her hair and pulling the band from her ponytail. Then at the final moment, he held a handful tightly, pulled his cock from between her lips and pumped his hot jizz all over her face and neck. She flinched away instinctively as it rained down, but he had her pinned in place. He finished by wiping the final drop of cum across her cherry red lips.

Feeling his cum hot and slick on her skin, coupled with the way he had treated her like some kind of cheap slut, there solely for his pleasure was an incredible turn on. Suddenly she wanted nothing more than to drag him back to his room and fuck him until dawn.

"Beautiful!" He said as he stared down at her and before she could turn away, he snapped a photo of her face with his 'phone. "Thanks babe. That was great." He said as he stepped away from her. "I guess I'll see you around. She's all yours." He said as he headed for the door.

Laura spun drunkenly around on her knees to see three lads stood enjoying the show. As she watched, one walked towards her and her embarrassment was replaced by fear as she wondered if he was expecting her to suck his cock, indeed if they all expected a blow-job, but when just out of reach he too simply snapped a picture and turned back to show his friends.

Laura scrambled to her feet and fled the room to a round of applause. She dived into the stairwell and headed for her room before anyone else could see the state she was in.

"In here's perfect." Joe's voice dragged her back from her daydream. He had stopped by a break in the tree line, the area thick with overgrown bushes that would have hidden them completely from any passer-by. It was where he had fucked her up against a tree the last time they'd been here.

"Nah!" She said, pulling him back towards her. "Been in there before. Let's find somewhere new."

She looked around, there was no risk in doing anything here, the park was almost deserted. She suddenly felt like she wanted to test him, to see how far he would really be prepared to go.

They sauntered back towards the car park and she could sense his agitation as he wondered whether he was going to get his own way. It wasn't usually a problem. It's not like she ever said no. The problem they would have the closer they got to the car park was the more people there would be and they were close enough already to actually hear engines being fired as people headed home. 

Laura stopped and looked around, this looked like the perfect spot. The undergrowth was much thinner and chance of being caught much greater, whilst the gate at the end of the car park was just a few hundred feet ahead of them. Close enough to be able to see the ice cream van parked alongside the fence - perhaps it was time she really took control.

"Wait here." She said leaving him standing on the path. "I'm just going to get an ice cream. Do you want one?" He shook his head impatiently and watched as Laura skipped off towards the gate. The owner of the van was an Italian in his late twenties. She'd seen him when they'd arrived, but he'd been very busy. Now he was alone and looked like he was readying himself to leave.

"Good afternoon." He called in an Italian accent so strong it was undoubtedly false, making her wonder how much was put on for the ladies.

"Just an ice cream please." She said pointing at the picture on the window. "Are you just packing up for the day?" She asked as he pulled a cone from a huge box on the side.

"Five more minutes and you'd have missed me." He purred. "But as I'm still here I always make time for lovely ladies."

"That's good." Laura said and took a deep breath. "How would you like to join me and my boyfriend in the woods for a bit of fun?" She blurted, pointing abstractly over her shoulder as her cheeks began to glow. The man stopped and looked at her, holding her ice cream in his hand. Laura waited uncomfortably in the silence whilst her mind tried to think of the next thing to say. "Look, sorry it was just that..." She paused again. "I want to give my boyfriend a threesome as a birthday surprise. We're going to have sex in the park before we leave anyway and..." She trailed off and just shrugged her shoulders. That was all there was to say really. She reached out and took the ice cream off him and handed him his money. He watched her for a few moments, then his face broke into a wide smile and he handed her the money back.

"Well the least I can do is give you a free ice cream then!"

"Great! We'll just be by the big oak tree on the other side of the fence."

"Give me five minutes."

"Just join in when you're ready." Laura said, her heart in overdrive as she licked the top of her ice cream and headed back to where Joe stood impatiently kicking stones off the path.

When Laura dragged him off the track and he saw the familiar wicked flicker in her bright eyes, he let her lead him between two ancient trees towards a huge, dominating oak about twenty metres off the path.

"So, you want me naked then?" She said taking control. Joe licked his lips as she kicked off her shoes before slowly unbuttoning her shirt and dropping it on the ground. She wriggled her jeans over her hips and swept them and her sheer pink knickers down her long legs, before throwing them to where her shirt already lay. Finally she unclipped her bra and stood naked on the damp leaves, her breasts, pert and firm and just a thin landing strip of pale brown pubic hair highlighting her newly shaved pussy. 

She took his hand and led him around the tree ensuring they could be seen by anyone coming from the car park and dropped to her knees. She pulled his jeans down and flinched as his achingly hard cock sprang up in front of her. She felt him tense and glance nervously around as another engine fired up, but when she sank her lips down over his swollen cock she heard him moan, and when he laced his hands through her long hair, she knew she had his undivided attention.

Savouring the sensation of the breeze on her skin and intrigued to see if they would be joined, she licked slowly all along his shaft, before sucking his balls into her mouth one by one. She sucked him from base to tip in slow motion, leaning her hands against his bare hips and letting her lips and tongue do all the work. As she rocked back and forth he responded, eager to see as much of his manhood disappear into his little slut's mouth as possible, tearing his eyes off her only to make sure they were still alone.

The snap of a twig, just audible above the birdsong, made Laura look up, her hand still wrapped around his cock, his eyes now clamped shut as he enjoyed her attention.

Laura looked over to where the Italian man stood, now dressed in a faded pair of blue jeans and a white t-shirt that hugged his thin torso. As he watched her, she continued to wank Joe's cock as she shifted her weight and parted her knees, giving him a clear view of her naked pussy. Sensing her break in concentration, Joe shuffled towards her and pushed his cock back between her lips.

"Take it all in." He groaned as he held her hair, still oblivious to their audience. Laura let him push his cock to the very back of her throat, knowing that her stranger was enjoying an unrestricted view.

Coming up for air Laura beckoned the stranger over as she bent at the waist, pointing her pert arse outwards, her legs apart and her swollen pussy lips waiting. Cupping Joe's balls in her hand, she leant into him and sucked him down as deep as she could waiting to see what her stranger would do and what Joe's reaction would be. She heard another twig snap, this time much closer and felt Joe tense.

"Shit!" He murmured and tried to flinch away, but she had him pinned against the tree. She flashed a look in the direction of her new-comer before looking up into Joe's startled eyes.

"We've been rumbled. You said if we were caught I'd have to fuck them as well. Did you mean all at once or one at a time?" She pouted, never once letting go of his cock. She saw his shock and couldn't quite decide if it was excitement or that she'd finally called his bluff. She knew she had to keep it moving so he didn't suddenly run off, so she turned her attention back to the stranger.

"Don't be shy." She encouraged. "He's always wanted a double-team. Looks like your lucky day." Laura reached between her legs and ran her fingers along the length of her swollen lips, then with her tight bum pointing invitingly out, she turned back to Joe and slipped his cock back between her lips.

He made her wait and she wondered if there was some kind of silent agreement going on over her head, but eventually, she felt a pair of hands on her hips and she shivered in anticipation.

She pushed down and took as much of Joe's cock as she could, until his wiry pubic hair tickled her nose and chin, then as she felt a second swollen cock press against her glistening lips, she pushed back insistently.

As he drove his cock as deep as it would go, she was enveloped in a lust she had not felt since university and she wrapped her hand around Joe's shaft and sucked him greedily down.

Her stranger's cock was thick and hard and stretched her pussy deliciously. Eager not to waste his opportunity, he held her hips tightly, his nails digging into her flesh and fucked her in short stabs, never letting more than half of his length leave her body before driving it back in until his balls pressed against the tops of her legs.

She looked up at Joe but his eyes were clamped shut. She wondered if he was lost in his own lust or simply couldn't watch her be fucked by someone else. Either way, she didn't care, it was his idea.

She looked back over her shoulder at the red-faced stranger and winked, bringing a broad grin to his face. Satisfied that she at least had his undivided attention, she turned back to Joe.

A clear drop of pre-cum glistened on the apex of his cock and after running her tongue slowly all over his swollen tip, she licked it up.

As the Italian's excitement rose, Laura was fucked with more desperate thrusts, and as a result was pushed deeper and deeper onto Joe's cock until his bulbous head pushed into the back of her throat and her jaw ached from stretching around his shaft.

With both men grunting and gasping, she sensed they were both approaching their peaks and she pumped Joe faster, holding his head in her mouth and just using her tongue to tickle his sensitive tip.

She felt Joe's cock swell and he thrust his hips forward, fucking his dirty little slut's face with a frantic vigour.

"Shit. I'm cumming." The Italian gasped as if asking for permission to squirt inside some else's girlfriend. Eager to fulfil Joe's fantasy and re-live one of her own, she tore herself away from her pair of cocks and spun around to face her stranger.

"Cum all over me."

His cock was slick with her juice as he wrapped his hand tightly around it, tugging it rapidly. Whilst she waited for him to fire, she squeezed her tits together and gently massaged them, ready to accept any spillage that missed her face.

"Cum all over me." She repeated, watching as his hand become a blur. "Cream my face." She begged and stretched her neck out so it was closer to the end of his cock.

Accompanied by a satisfied gasp, a thread of semen leapt from his cock and hit her forehead making her flinch. He stepped closer and rested his helmet on her chin and Laura groaned in satisfaction as she felt the rest splash across her lips and chin.

When she opened her eyes, Joe was stood beside the stranger, staring down at her as he wanked off just inches from her face. She leant across and slowly licked the final drop of cum from the stranger's cock, then looked up at Joe.

"Do it." She ordered as Joe grabbed a handful of her hair and pulled her head towards his cock.

"You filthy fucking bitch." He grunted and she flinched again as his seed slapped against her cheek. She tipped her head back and giggled as he stood over her, his balls pressed against her chin as he emptied his swollen cock over her. His hot seed basted her skin and ran down her cheeks in thick white clots.

Laura opened her eyes to see the two men still stood in front of her and she groaned as she ran her hands down her neck, smearing their cum over her skin until it glistened. As she watched them she slipped her hand between her legs she slowly stroked her slick petals. She was balanced on the very edge of an orgasm and when her fingers brushed against her clit, she moaned.

"You should come home with us." She pouted, holding their gaze. "I could have fun with you two all night." She found her clitoris with the tip of her finger and groaned as her orgasm washed deliciously over her.

The stranger knew when a good thing had come to an end, and before the moment could become awkward, he zipped himself up and turned away without a word and without looking back.

Laura remained kneeling on the damp leaves until he stepped back onto the path, then scooped up a finger full of cum from her chin and sucked it clean. Joe was silent, but his eyes never once left her filthy face.

"Was that how you imagined it?" She pouted as she continued to rub semen into her skin. "Is that what you wanted your little cock-whore to do?" She could see he was uncomfortable, but she didn't care. He wanted a threesome and if he couldn't handle it, then that was his problem, because it certainly wouldn't be her last.

Car engines continued to fire around them and suddenly Laura was aware of the chill in the air as the spring sun failed. She stood and began to gather her clothes from the ground, pulling on her jeans and stuffing her pants into her pocket, before buttoning her shirt and hiding her bra in her handbag. Her sticky skin clutched at the cotton of her shirt as the semen dried like glue, leaving damp patches that clearly showed her flesh beneath.
