 I hadn't been to see my Granddad's friend since I got carried away the last time I saw him. Maybe it was a feeling of guilt about what I had done, or maybe I was just worried in case it happened again. Anyway I thought it was about time I faced him so I decided to call in and see how he was getting on.

When I arrived I knocked and waited for him to come to the door as I didn't want to interrupt him as I had before.

"Hiya doll, I was wondering if I'd see you again", he said looking pleased to see me.

I suppose being sucked and fucked by your late friends' granddaughter might have you thinking that way!

"Of course I would still come to see you, but we can't have a repeat of what happened last time", I told him.

"No, of course not, he said while looking me up and down, come in and I'll make us a brew".

He let me go first as he always does. I used to think he was just being a gentleman, but now I think he does it so he can check out my arse.

As I sat on his sofa waiting for my coffee I thought back to a few weeks before. About how I had stripped off for him while he wanked his big old cock just because I felt sorry for him having lost his wife a year before. 

If it had stopped there it wouldn't have been too bad, but the fact I got so turned on I just had to take his cock in me….. Well, it wasn't going to happen again, no matter how much I had enjoyed it at the time.

"So how are things with work?" he asked as he passed me my drink.

"Pretty slow at the moment, I've only sold one house in the last two weeks. It's not going to be a good month for commission".

"That's a pity doll, especially with Crimbo around the corner. Still, I'm sure you could always find a part-time job to top-up", he replied.

"I don't want to have to do that, and I work a few evenings as it is so it's finding something that pays well that will tie-in with my current job". 

"I'm sure you will find something, but if not I can always sort you out", he said.

I must have given him a bit of an evil look, as he sat back with his hands up in front of him.

"I didn't mean it like that doll, I meant I could lend you the money, not sort you out like that again! Unless you would like me to?" he said looking hopeful.

"I can assure you it's not going to happen again, Joe. And I don't like borrowing money, but thanks for the offer."

I finished my coffee and stood up.

"Is there anything I can get for you?" I asked.

"Well you know that magazine you brought me? I lent it to a friend and it seems to be doing the rounds. Any chance you can bring a few for the guys next time you are in the area?"

I couldn't help but laugh. It seems Joe isn't the only horny old sod in this place.

"Yeah no problem, I will get a few from the miserable old cow I went to last time".

Just then a thought hit me.

"You haven't told your friends about what happened between us have you?"

"N…n..no doll. D..d..d..definitely not. I wouldn't say a word", he stammered.

"Oh my God! You have, you've told them!"

"Not really doll".

"Not really? I shouted, what do you mean not really?"

"Well Frank sort of guessed".

"How could he possibly have guessed?" I demanded.

"Well, he saw how cheerful I was and commented that I looked like I'd just lost my virginity. I guess the rest just accidentally came out!"

"Accidentally! Accidentally my arse!" I shouted.

"I'm sorry doll, I guess I shouldn't have said anything. Especially knowing how good he is at keeping secrets".

"What do you mean? Oh no! who else knows? How many as he told?" I asked.

"Well…..Frank told Frank Jnr, you know how close they are, and somehow Bob and Stan have found out too."

"Right. I want you to call them and tell them all it's a joke. I want you to tell them how you made it all up".

As he went to the phone I went to the bathroom. I looked in the mirror, my face was bright red, not with embarrassment but anger. Would they believe him? Probably not. I didn't want this getting out to any more of the residents, and especially not to the staff.

I splashed water on my face to try and cool down, and then went out to see Joe still on the phone. He seemed to have a guilty look on his face, but I put that down to him telling his friends I'd fucked him.

As he hung up the phone he turned to me and said,

"I have an idea Hannah. How would you like to earn a bit of cash, with the added bonus of being able to ensure no one says a word about what happened?"

"I don't like the sound of this", I said warily.

"Can I be straight with you doll?" he said.

"Okay, tell me what it is you're thinking?" I replied.

"What happened before was the best thing I have done in a long, long time. If it had stopped at just seeing you naked I could have died a very happy man. You are so sweet and sexy, the memory will last till I die."

"That's very nice Joe, if a little morbid! But what does this have to do with your proposition?"

"What would you say to £500 for half an hours work?"

"I'm not a prostitute Joe!" I exclaimed.

"No doll I know, that's not what I mean. But stripping isn't prostitution is it?"

"Stripping?"

"I get the guys round. You do a sexy little strip, no funny business. It's a quick easy £500. And all the guys will swear to secrecy."

"That's not a good idea Joe".

"Why not? We are all willing to pay £100 each for half an hour. It's easy money. You have a great body that you're not ashamed to show. The guys in here don't get out much, so you bring it to them. It could be a regular thing if you want it to be?" 

"Hold on a minute, how do you know they are willing to pay to see me strip?"

He looked down at his feet for a second and said,

"It came up once before over a few beers. One of the guys said he would pay good money to see you naked, and everyone else agreed. It was just about all we talked about that night."

"And when you say it could be a regular thing?"

"Once a month, I get the guys round here, and half an hour later you go home with £500 in your hand. You said yourself that money is tight right now."

"And when you say stripping, you're sure that's all they expect?"

"Absolutely, nothing more, just the chance to see the girl they have been fantasising about taking her clothes off".

Something inside me was telling me it was a bad idea, but the thought of making that amount of cash so quickly, for such little work, seemed too good to turn down. After all, these were just a bunch of harmless old men who wanted to see a young girl naked. What's the harm in that?

"Okay, I heard myself say, when were you thinking of?"

"How about tonight?" he replied.

I wasn't expecting it to be so soon, but if I was going to go through with it the sooner the better before I changed my mind. We agreed that I would come back to his house for 8 o'clock, and he would have the guys round before then for a few drinks. We said goodbye and I made my way home.

Once back home I looked through my wardrobe trying to find something suitable to wear. I was trying to decide whether to choose between a dress or a skirt with a blouse, when an idea popped into my head. I pulled my storage bags down from the top shelf and eventually found the perfect outfit.

Once out of the shower, having given my legs and pussy a good shave, I got dressed in some casual clothes and packed a small bag with the clothes for my show. I had just enough time to drive over there by 8 o'clock.

As I approached his front door I could hear laughter coming from inside and I almost backed out, but the thought of walking out of here in 30 minutes with all that cash was too good an opportunity to miss.

Joe answered the door and led me through to the lounge where all the guys were sat. The room had gone quiet now, but I tried to be confident and just said hello to them all as I had done so many times before.

"Can I get one of those beers?" I asked Joe.

"Sure doll", he replied.

The guys were looking more nervous than I was, probably hoping I wasn't thinking of them as a bunch of dirty old men. After all, I had known most of them for about three years. 

When Joe came back with my drink I gave him a music compilation disk from my car and told him I was going to the bathroom to change. I closed the door behind me and stood listening through it for a moment. The guys were whispering, but I could hear them discussing if they thought I would really go through with it.

"I bloody well hope so, I'm dying to see those tits", I could just hear Stan say.

"And the rest!" I heard Frank Jnr add.

Quickly taking my clothes off I opened my bag and took out my evenings outfit. I had already done my makeup at home, so after getting dressed all I had to do was my hair.

When I opened the door I could hear the music playing, and the lights had been dimmed slightly. I took a deep breath and walked into the room. All conversation stopped as I moved into the middle of the seating area.

"Oh wow", said Stan.

"That is a very sexy uniform Hannah", said Bob drooling.

I was wearing a white blouse with a white bra underneath, and you could see the pattern of the bra through the thin material. I had picked a very short, red plaid skirt which matched my old school tie I was wearing. My white knee length socks matched my white cotton panties, and I had braided my hair into pig-tales. I looked every inch the virginal school girl.

I walked sexily over to Frank and took his beer from his hand, and took a slow drink while looking him in the eye. As I moved away from him I twirled around, causing my skirt to flare out. I am sure they will have had a quick peek at my panties.

Walking sexily over to Bob I began to loosen the knot of my tie until it rested between my boobs. I hadn't fastened my top button, but as I sat on Bob's knee I unfastened two more. My blouse was now half way open revealing my bra. I sucked a finger into my mouth and then ran it down my cleavage.

When I stood up I moved over to Joe who was sat grinning at me. I straddled his legs facing him which caused my skirt to ride up. His eyes dropped down to my plain cotton panties. I whispered in his ear,

"Are you getting hard for me again?"

"It's already dribbling pre-cum doll!"

Standing up I turned around and sat back down in his lap. I could feel his erection in his pants, and started to grind my arse against it. I took his hands in mine and brought them up to my blouse and told him to finish unfastening it.

Once it was open I stood and moved to the middle of the room where I let it drop to the floor. Taking hold of my skirt I lifted it up to give them a good look at my cotton panties. With my left hand I rubbed my pussy through the material, causing them to ride up between my pussy lips. I was getting very moist down there.

Stan was my next victim. As I approached him I took off my tie and, holding it in both hands, I threw it around the back of his neck. I used it to pull his face into my boobs as I sat astride him. I could feel his stiff cock throbbing against my panty covered pussy.

"So you're dying to see my tits are you Stan?" I asked him.

"Mmmph…"

"What's the matter Stan, can't you talk with my boobs squashing into your mouth?" I asked sternly.

Easing up I lent back to give him room to breath. His eyes were glued to my perky 36b's. I took his hands in mine and put them on my boobs, squeezing his hands into my bra.

"Take my bra off Stan", I asked him. 

His hands moved behind my back and began to fumble with my clasp. I took his hands again and brought them back to my boobs.

"I'll do it", I told him.

As he held the bra in place over my boobs I took my arms out of the straps. I pulled it slowly down until his hands were directly on my bare skin, my erect nipples pushing into the palms of his hands. I felt him squeeze them before he removed them to have a proper look.

"Oh fucking hell, they are lovely", he said.

Standing up to face the room I turned slowly from one guy to the next, squeezing and fondling my own breasts and pinching my nipples. Frank was rubbing himself through his pants.

I reached down and unzipped my skirt, letting it fall down my legs. All I had on now were my socks and panties, my lips clearly visible as my pussy sucked the cotton in. This was turning out to be a lot easier than I thought, and I was actually getting turned on teasing these old men.

"You guys have a choice. I can either leave my socks or my panties on. If I leave my panties on, I will let you take your cocks out now and wank off. But if I get my sweet young pussy out and leave my socks on, your cocks have to stay in your pants".

"Will you wank us off?" asked Frank.

"That's not part of the deal Frank, sorry".

"Then in that case leave your panties on, I really need to have a wank", said Frank.

"No! Said Frank Jnr, I want to see her pussy".

"Sorry Junior, but my cock is so hard I really have to cum soon", added Stan.

"Pussy for me", said Bob.

"Me too, Joe said, I really don't want to watch you two wanking off!"

"Okay guys, looks like we have a decision", I said.

I moved right in front of Frank Jnr, my hands on my hips. He couldn't make eye contact with me, all he could do was stare at my panties. I reached down and rubbed my pussy again, and as I did I felt a wet patch seeping through. This was such a turn on. I have always loved showing off my body. 

I turned around so my back was to him, and hooked my thumbs into my panties. Bending at the waist I pulled them slowly down my legs, revealing my shaved pussy and tight little arse to him. Taking them fully off I tossed them to him and walked around the room letting all these old men look at my bald pussy.

When I got back to Junior he had my panties held up to his face as he rubbed his cock through his pants. I turned my back to him and sat down on his lap and began to rub my naked arse against his erection. I felt his hands come up and grope roughly at my breasts. I kept rubbing against him, harder …faster….

"Mmmmmm fuck….." I heard him groan as his body stiffened up. He had cum in his pants as I rode him.

I looked up and Stan had taken his cock out and was wanking it.

"Joe?" I said.

"Sorry doll, but I need to do the same", he said, unfastening his pants.

"There's another hundred if you finish me off", said Stan.

I looked over to him and he had his wallet in his other hand as he stroked his cock. It wasn't very big, and he looked at me pleadingly. He looked so turned on I knew he wouldn't last very long.

"Okay Stan", I said walking over and sitting next to him.

I reached down and took his cock in my hand. Almost as soon as I touched it he started to spurt, his cum splashing all over his shirt.

"That was fast hun!" I said.

He took the money out of his wallet and tucked it into my sock.

"Worth every penny Hannah".

When I turned around Frank was waving more money at me, and this was soon followed by Bob who didn't want to be left out. I got them to sit down on the same sofa and I moved between them. I took a cock in each hand and began to stroke them both at the same time. This was going a lot further than I had planned.

Joe came and stood in front of us, and watched as I slowly wanked his two friends off.

"I thought you didn't want to see this?" I said.

"It's not them I've come to watch, it's you. Open your legs for me doll".

Automatically I did as he asked, and parted my thighs. My shaved snatch was glistening with my juices. The cocks in my hands felt like iron bars, they were so hard. Joe reached down and unzipped his pants, freeing his throbbing cock. He wrapped his hand around it and began to pump it right I front of me.

Just then I felt a hand on the back of my head. It was Bob.

"I'll make it another £100 if you suck me Hannah", he said as he pushed my head towards his old cock.

I was so turned on and I had already let this go too far. The pressure increased on the back of my head, his cock now just inches from my mouth.

"Suck it doll" I heard Joe say.

And I did. I opened my mouth and took the end of his cock between my wet lips and sucked hard on it. As I did I let go of Franks cock, and not to be left out he slid two fingers into my pussy as I bent over to suck Bob's cock. It felt so good to have them inside me I shifted position to give him better access. 

Big mistake! As I took Bob further into my mouth I could feel Frank take his fingers out of me for a second, and when he put them back I it felt different…Those weren't his fingers…he was fucking me! He now had his hands on my hips as he pulled me hard onto his cock, burying it to the hilt. 

Bob kept his hands on my head, gripping me by my pig-tales, giving me just enough movement to suck up and down on his cock, but not enough so I could pull away. Frank had a firm grip on my hips as he drove his thick cock into my very wet pussy.

"Best fucking money I've ever spent", I heard Frank say as he fucked me.

"Me too", said Bob as he thrust his cock into my mouth. 

Call me a little slow, but it was these words that finally brought home to me what I was doing. This wasn't just a bit of teasing and flirting gone too far. This was a conscious decision to accept money for what I was doing. I was no longer a girl who enjoys showing off. I was no longer a slut who loves sucking cock. I was now a whore who takes money to let any old guy fuck my tight, young pussy.

That single thought should have made me stop what I was doing. It should have made me get dressed and get out of there, throwing their money back at them. Instead it turned me on more than anything before. These guys weren't just taking me because I let them, they were paying for me. They could have paid any whore to do this for them, but they chose me.

I wrapped a hand around Bob's cock and began to stroke it as I sucked him. This made him loosen his grip on my hair, and I managed to stop sucking him. I looked up at him as I wanked his cock and said,

"You want to fuck my little pussy while I show Frank how much I love to suck cock?"

"Hannah, I will do anything you ask".

As Frank let go of my hips I moved up to position my young hole over Bob's cock. I looked down at it as I lowered myself on to him. I love to watch as my pussy lips slide over a nice hard cock.

Frank moved in front of me, his wet cock in his hand.

"I hope you like cum Hannah, because I'm not going to last much longer, and I really want you to swallow it", he said.

"For the money you're paying me, you can cum anywhere you want".

"Does that include your arse doll?" asked Joe.

"Especially my arse", I replied.

"I never took you for being such a nasty little slut", Frank said as I wrapped my lips around his cock, sucking my juices from it.

Joe moved up behind me and I heard him spit into his hand. Bob continued to thrust into me as I prepared myself to be fucked in the arse. I stopped sucking Frank's cock, trying to relax as I steadied my breathing. 

"Keep sucking it, I'm nearly there", said Frank, once more grabbing hold of my pig-tales and forcing his cock between my lips.

As he did so I felt my arse being spread and a wet finger being slid inside, which was soon joined by another. My sphincter began to relax around them…Fuck I felt so dirty!

He pulled his fingers out of me and pushed his cock against my arse. I felt it pushing slowly into me and as I relaxed it slid further in. I now had three cocks in me. Three old guys, all over seventy, were fucking all my holes at the same time.

"Oh yes….I'm cumming Hannah" groaned Frank.

He began to pull hard on my hair as he thrust faster between my lips. I sucked harder and moaned around his cock. His legs began to buckle under him as he shot the first load of cum into my mouth. It hit the back of my throat and as I swallowed it I felt more cum spurting into me. I swallowed it all, every drop. As his cock began to shrivel I took it from my mouth and said,
