 "Wow!" I said, really meaning it as I watched Carrie come down the stairs in her prom dress.

"You son," her father Mr. Capanna grinned. "Are one lucky bastard!" 

I nodded silently, unable to get any words out. Carrie was the prettiest, hottest and most amazing girl in the world! I knew that just like I knew her father was correct. I was a lucky bastard, far luckier than I deserved. 

By all rights, a guy like me should have had no chance with a goddess like Carrie, but somehow we ended up together. Maybe it was fate or simple timing. The truth was I didn't care. All I cared about was the fact that despite everything, the girl of my dreams loved me!

"Well, say something," Carrie said to me when she finally reached the bottom of the stairwell.

"I think he's dumfounded," her father laughed gently.

"As well he should be," Mrs. Capanna said as she came down the stairs and joined us. She obviously waited until Carrie was done making her grand entrance before following.

I still couldn't speak. I took my girl in my arms and kissed her despite her parents' presence. Carrie blushed slightly as I pulled away, but it wasn't from embarrassment. She could feel what I was having problems saying by the intensity of our kiss.

"Don't you dare ruin her makeup!" Mrs. Capanna snapped. "You have no idea how long it took me to get it just right!"

"She's wearing makeup?" I asked, still a little overawed.

"Maybe I was wrong," Mr. Capanna smiled. "Maybe Carrie is the lucky one. It's not every woman who has a man look at her like Joel does."

"Don't I know it!" Carrie sighed.

"Okay," Mrs. Capanna interjected. "A couple of quick pictures and then you need to get on your way. You're already going to be late to Tara's."

A couple of 'quick' pictures actually turned out to take about fifteen minutes. I'm guessing Carrie mother would have gone through a few rolls of film if her camera wasn't digital. As it was, the batteries started taking longer and longer to charge the flash.

"Alright, that enough," Mr. Capanna said, seeing his daughter's impatient expression. "Let them go or they'll miss half the prom."

"Just one more in front of the fireplace," his wife insisted. Carrie and I shifted rooms yet again and let her snapped three or four more pictures. After that Mr. Capanna hustled us toward the door before Mrs. Capanna could object.

"Don't forget to tell Tara's mom that I want copies of all the pictures she takes of the group!" Carrie's mother cried after us. "And call me when you get to the beach house with your friends!"

"We will," Carrie sighed loudly. "Now can we go?"

"Did you take the keys to the beach house?" her mother asked in reply. Carrie blush was enough to let her mother know that she'd forgotten. "Wait here, I'll go get them."

"Thanks mom," Carrie said sheepishly.

"Your father and I stopped by earlier today and left a spread of food for you all when you get there," her mother called back. "Just pulled what's in the refrigerator out and unwrap everything that's on the counter. There's also the makings of breakfast if you feel up to it tomorrow."

"Mrs. Capanna, you're the greatest!" I grinned. She nodded in thanks, but also shook her head as she disappeared down the hall.

"I also stocked the bar," Mr. Capanna said softly as soon as his wife was out of sight. 

"Thanks daddy!" Carrie whispered back, giving him a quick hug.

"Don't thank me," he replied. "Just don't let anyone drive after they drink! Whoever you've invited stays the night. Not only would we both feel terrible is something happened to someone who left drunk, but it would be a shame for you to lose your inheritance to a lawsuit."

"It's just a few couples," Carrie replied with a laugh. "And they're all sleeping over."

"Good," her father said, kissing his daughter on the forehead.

"Try and keep the party down to a dull roar," Mrs. Capanna said as she joined us and handed the keys to Carrie. I was relieved to see that she finally put down the camera.

"Goodbye," I said to both of Carrie's parents. Mr. Capanna smiled briefly and shook my hand. Mrs. Capanna surprised me by kissing my cheek.

"By the way Joel," she said with a smile as she pulled away. "You look handsome in that suit."

"Thanks," I nearly stuttered in surprise as Carrie and I slipped out of the door.

"I think you've finally done it!" Carrie smiled as we made our way to the car. I held the door open for her.

"What?" I asked in confusion.

"Convinced mother that you're worthy of her daughter," Carrie laughed. "I mean, she accepted the fact that you weren't going anywhere months ago, but I think up until this moment she still didn't think you were special enough for her little girl." 

"She was right," I said. "I'm not."

"No she wasn't," Carried replied. "Father was. I'm just as lucky to have you as you are to have me."

"If you say so," I shrugged and shut the door. 

I could feel my heart beating a little quicker as I made my way to the driver's side of the car. I felt good! It was prom night and I had the girl who was a sure thing to be the prom queen as my date. Every guy would be staring at me in envy when I entered. Better yet, I fully expected it to be the same when we returned for our twentieth reunion.

"I love you!" I said and gave Carrie a big kiss. She kissed me back with just as much emotion.

"And I love you too," she replied afterward. "Now get going! Tara is going to kill me if we're much later!"

I started us on our way to Tara's house. She was on the opposite side of town. Since we were in a rush I decided to take the highway. It was a little longer in distance, but usually you could make up the time and then some compared to taking the local roads. I passed a limo on the way and frowned.

"Think the limo will fit everyone?" I asked. There was supposed to be a stretch limo at Tara's to drive us to the prom and then to Carrie's parents' beach house afterward.

"Didn't I tell you?" she replied. "I had Daddy switch to a Expedition after you convinced Robbie and Tina to join us. It supposedly holds fifteen."

"Remind me to thank your father again," I said with a shake of my head.

"Don't worry about it," she smiled. "He understood. Besides, I'm glad you invited Robbie and Tina."

"Me too," I smiled. "By the way, did you ever find out who Jill is bringing?"

"No, but if I know her," Carrie said. "He'll be handsome!"

"You're probably right," I agreed, thinking about the rest of our little group. "It should be a very interesting evening."

"You think?" Carrie asked with a grin. "I still can't believe Maria is going with Tony!"

"I can't believe Deana is letting her!" I said. The two women were a couple, but they didn't like to advertise it, not after what happened during Valentine's Day.

"I know!" Carrie laughed. 

We drove in silence for a few minutes, each thinking our own thoughts about our small group of friends. Carrie turned on the radio and I held her hand as we went. It wasn't long before we existed the highway.

"Do you think it's safe for us at Tara's house?" I asked. "I hear her father still foams at the mouth when he thinks about Valentine's Day."

"That was months ago," Carrie replied with a frown. "Besides, he doesn't know the half of what really happened."

"Thank God!" I grinned. "He probably would have shipped Tara off to a convent!"

"He's not that bad!" Carrie laughed.

"Just remember," I teased. "It was all your fault! You just had to try and seduce a gymnast."

"You liked the idea at the time," she said a little defensively. "How was I supposed to know that Sandy was an uptight little bitch?" 

"Her boyfriend Carl wasn't any better," I added.

"Please!" Carrie cried. "I can't believe I thought he was cute!"

"He probably is," I smiled. "Certainly, Sandy is a hot little thing. It wasn't their looks that caused the problem. It was the fact that they were so straight laced."

"I don't mind them being prudes," Carrie said seriously. "I mean, to each their own. They could have simply left after turning down our invitation, but no! They had to tell the front desk what we were doing. There was no call for that!"

"Do you remember scrambling for our clothes when the manager knocked on the door?" I asked, laughing.

"It's not funny!" Carrie snapped.

"Oh come on!" I cried, continuing to laugh. "I think you had on pieces of two different outfits by the time the door actually opened."

"I did," Carrie replied, smiling despite her anger. "Jill's top and Tara's bottoms."

"I remember," I said. "It was the one time I've seen you in clothes that didn't match!"

"They didn't, did they?" Carrie asked rhetorically, finally laughing.

"See, it wasn't that bad," I said as we turned down Tara's block.

"Yes, it was," Carrie insisted. "But what was worse was the rumors Sandy and Carl started spreading in school."

"They were unpleasant," I sighed. "But we got through them. In the end, the only person I feel bad for in the whole thing was poor Tara. I guess I understand why her uncle banned her from the hotel, but did he have to tell her parents?"

"You should probably feel bad for Brian too," Carrie said. "I'm not sure Tara's father will ever forgive him."

"Be thankful he doesn't know the details of what really happened!" I said, shaking my head.

"I am," she replied. "But that doesn't make what Tara's father is putting Brian through any more pleasant."

"Give Mr. Dalton time," I said. "Don't worry. I'm sure Brian will grow on him eventually."

"He'd better!" Carrie smiled. "It doesn't look like Brian is going anywhere. In fact, I think today might be his lucky night."

"You mean..." I began. Carrie nodded. Tara was still technically a virgin. Tonight would be the end of that. "So I guess we should give them their privacy."

"That's up to them," Carrie replied. "But I'm hoping they'll join the rest of us afterward." 

I knew what she meant. We stayed to ourselves since the fiasco at the hotel. I could see from Carrie's expression that tonight was going to be extra special one way or the other. We were both more than ready for a little group fun again. 

"It's your own fault," I grinned. "You're the one who decided to wait until prom night to try and gather everyone together again."

"It made sense to let the rumors run their course," she explained, not for the first time.

"I know, but I'm more than ready for tonight!" I said. Carrie frowned and raised one eyebrow. I laughed and added, "Don't give me that look! So are you!"

"You're probably right," she admitted with a laugh of her own. 

"It's too bad Maria and Deana aren't coming with us," I sighed.

"Still hoping to get another chance at Maria's ass?" Carrie teased.

"Sure," I admitted. "But I think tonight will still be a lot of fun even without them there. For instance, Robbie and Tina have been hinting at a repeat of what happened during my suspension ever since the rumors started flying."

"Think they have any idea about tonight?" Carrie asked.

"I doubt Robbie would even dream about what's likely to happen tonight!" I laughed.

"What about Tina?"

"She may have put two and two together, but I'm not sure she believes we'd do something as crazy as this," I said as I parked.

"I can't wait to explain it to her," Carrie grinned.

"Down girl!" I teased. "First Tara's parent's house, then the prom, and then the beach house and some fun!"

We left the car hand in hand. Tara's house wasn't as nice as Carrie's, but it was still quite a bit nicer than mine. We found Brian and Robbie standing out front on the porch.

"Staying away from Mr. Dalton?" I teased Brian.

"No," he replied. "He's not here, thank God!"

"Away on a business trip?" Carrie asked, knowing Tara's father. Brian nodded.

"So then, why are you two out here?" I asked.

"Too much estrogen in one room," Robbie grinned. "Tara, her mother, Tina and Maria are inside. They're still primping. We figured we'd wait out here.

"Jill, her date and Tony are still missing," Brian added.

"Tony didn't come with Maria?" Carrie asked in surprise.

"No," Robbie frowned. "They were supposed to meet here."

"I'd better go inside and see what's happening," Carrie said. "Let me know when Jill arrives." I nodded.

"She has you trained well, doesn't she?" Robbie teased.

"No better than Tina has you," I retorted.

"True," Robbie sighed.

"Not too many real men left," Brian put in with a grin.

"Please!" I laughed. "Tara already has you leashed even if you won't admit it to yourself yet!"

"I don't know what you're talking about," Brian said, but he winked as he said it.

"Any idea who Jill is coming with?" I asked. Brian shrugged, but Robbie was grinning. I sighed and asked, "Don't be a jerk. Tell me. Who is it?" 

"Do you remember Kyle Green?" he asked in reply.

"Didn't he graduate two years ago?" I offered.

"That's the guy," Robbie said. "They've been dating on and off for a few months."

"How do you know that?" Brian asked.

"I'm not at liberty to say."

"That means he has no idea," I explained. "My guess is that Tina found out somehow and told him."

"Spoilsport!" Robbie snapped. Brian laughed.

We stayed out there for another ten minutes, but no one came to the door. We joked around and had a good time, but I started becoming concerned. 

"Let's go inside and see how the ladies are doing," I suggested.

"It is getting late," Brian agreed.

We walked into the house and found the ladies in the living room. The first thing that struck me was just how beautiful Carrie continued to look. She was wearing an off the shoulders gown that matched her deep blue eyes perfectly. She saw me looking and smiled contently.

"Wow!" Robbie said with a shake of his head. "Just look at them. This has to be every guys wet dream!"

I glanced at the other ladies and couldn't help but agree with him. Tina's strawberry blond hair was done up beautifully and her face almost radiated her excitement. The halter-top gown she was wearing was green and went well with her coloring. 

Tara had on a black gown that was far more conservative than I would have expected, but she looked very good. It showed her ass very nicely without being to obvious about it. 

"I'll say!" Brian put in, agreeing with Robbie as well.

Maria's gown was red, strapless and tight. It wasn't really slutty, but it hugged her perfect ass so well that I felt my cock jump a little at the sight. Her thick dark hair shined nicely and fell to the small of her back. I noticed that out of everyone, she was the only one not smiling.

The three of us mixed with the ladies. After saying hello to everyone and giving Carrie another kiss, I took a moment to pull Maria to the side. I led her into the dining room away from everyone else.

"Are you okay?" I asked.

"Yes and no," she admitted, and then after a slight hesitation added, "I'm worried about going with Tony."

"Does he think you're getting back together?" I asked.

"I told him that I had someone else in my life now," she answered. "He seemed to understand, but I'm not sure."

"I'm surprised Deana let you go with him," I said. 

"Let me? She actually suggested it!" Maria laughed. "I think she figured that if Tony and I dated as long as we did and I didn't fall in love with him, he's safe!"

"That's probably true," I laughed. "She doesn't have to worry about Tony."

"She doesn't have to worry about anyone," Maria said no longer laughing. She looked at me oddly for a moment before adding, "I don't know if I ever thanked you and Carrie for inviting me that time at the hotel. I'm not sure Deana and I would ever have gotten together without that crazy party."

"Sounds like love," I smiled.

"It is," Maria sighed. "And she's the one I should be going with to the prom, but I just couldn't."

"You wouldn't have been the only gay couple there," I said. "Tiffany Gilbert and Barbara Goldman are going together."

"Yes," Maria frowned. "I know. So are Frank Galisppe and John Bolton."

"I'm not even sure Frank is actually gay," I grinned, thinking about him. "He's the type who would do it just to see everyone reaction."

"True," Maria smiled. "But John is definitely a homosexual. In fact, I expect that he'll be president of the gay and lesbian group at his college not long after he gets there."

"Give him time," I said. "He's so ambitious he might actually be the first openly gay president!"

"If he survives," Maria said, no longer smiling. "He's already been in fights twice this year over his sexual preference."

"He can handle himself," I put in, but I knew Maria was correct. I decided to change the subject, so I asked, "I hear you and Tony aren't coming to the beach."

"No," she replied. "I don't want to give him the wrong idea."

"What's Deana doing tonight?" I asked.

"Watching old movies," Maria replied. "She loves the classics."

"Well," I smiled. "After the prom is over, you might want to pick her up and meet us at the beach house. It's going to be one hell of a party!"

"Really?" Maria asked with her eyebrows arched. She obviously understood what I hinting at. 

"Really," I replied.

"Damn!" she cried. "Now I really wish I'd invited Deana instead of agreeing to go with Tony."

"Your parents would have flipped," I consoled.

"I know," she replied. "But they're going to flip anyway when I finally do tell them." We were interrupted by the sound of the front door opening.

"Let's go see if it's Tony or Jill and her date," I said, taking her elbow.

"Sure," she said, and then surprised me by letting her hand fall and brush against my cock. She was smiling sexily as added, "Don't forget to think of me when you're having your fun at the beach house."

"I will," I laughed. "But I'd prefer you and Deana to be there."

"Don't we all," she laughed as we reentered the living room.

Tony was now in the room with the others. He looked at Maria and smiled. I couldn't blame him. She did look very good in her gown. Of course, I also saw Maria's look of concern. So did Tony. He lost his smile.

'Oh brother,' I thought to myself. This w ould be a long night for both of them if someone didn't do something. The only problem was there wasn't much anyone could do.

"So Tony," I said, trying to break the tension. "What are you doing next year?"

"School," he replied. "But I'm going to live at home and work with my father to help pay for it."

"Doing what?" Carrie asked.

"He owns his own construction business," Tony replied. "I've been working there for years."

"That would explain all those nice muscles," Tara grinned. Tony blushed. The poor guy was obviously not ready for our crowd. I felt for him.

Tony was about six foot tall with dark hair and eyes. He was on the quiet side, but just about everyone liked him. He was the type of guy who never said a bad thing about anyone.

"It's nice to see you and Maria back together," Robbie said with a smile. You could almost hear everyone in the room stiffen.

"We're not," Tony said. "Maria and I are just friends."

"Robbie," Tina sighed. "I love you dearly, but leave it to you to stick your foot in it before we even arrive at the prom."

"Hey! I'm sorry!" Robbie cried, blushing badly. "I didn't know."

"It's no big deal," Tony shrugged. "It took me a couple of months to get over Maria, but eventually I realized she was right. We weren't meant to be together."

"So then why are you two going to the prom together?" I asked, more to get things out into the open than anything else.

"I'm not really sure," he shrugged. "I guess because despite everything we've always had a good time together. I'm not seeing anyone and I thought she wasn't either when I asked her, so I figured why not?"

"Your mother had nothing to do with it?" Maria asked, seeming more relaxed.
