 It's late, you're sitting there in the favourite work shirt of your lover, a glass of wine in your hand, just remembering all the exciting things you got up to the previous night, but feeling there must be a little more than even you had with him. You can't help wishing he would be a little more forceful though. 

"It's no good" you say to yourself, and, settling back on the sofa, you put your wine down after a final gulp, and start to stroke the lips of your pussy, already glistening with signs of your arousal. You remember how, the night before, Rich was doing the same thing to you, just running his fingers over and around the lips of your pussy.

You're just starting to slide your fingers in and out, faster and harder, when you hear "What on EARTH do you think you're doing??" 

You jump a mile off the sofa, and start to stammer "I...I...I."

"That's quite enough of that" Rich says. "Get onto the floor on your hands and knees, NOW!" You obey, sneaking a glance out of the corner of your eye, and seeing the biggest bulge in Rich's pants that you have ever seen. Despite being ever so slightly nervous at what is about to happen, you are getting wetter and more turned on too.

Suddenly, your world is plunged into darkness, as Rich covers your eyes with a blindfold, and ties it tightly behind your head. Then, he ties your ankles to a leg spreader, one at each end, working quickly, but silently. The only time he makes a sound is when you try to resist. "Keep STILL" he says when you wriggle, which you instantly obey, due to the forcefulness in his voice. 

Suddenly, you feel the hard head of his cock nudging between your pussy lips. Slowly, you feel it moving deeper and deeper inside you until his full 10 inches is buried inside you right to the hilt. He lets it rest there for several seconds, and then withdraws almost all the way before plunging home again, making the breath leave your body. "Oooph!" you gasp as it does. 

"Quiet!" Rich says, "I want it silent tonight! The next sound you make, you will be sorry." You try to keep totally silent, but, the very next time he drives forcefully into the very depths of your pussy, the same happens...you just cannot keep the sound of your breath escaping quiet. "I warned you!" Rich says. He slowly withdraws his hard thick cock, dripping wet with your juices.

"Please, my love" you say, "Fuck me again, I will be quiet; I just need your hard thick cock inside me.....so much!"

"You obviously haven't learnt your lesson, I said QUIET!" The last word was shouted out, and you jump at the forcefulness of that one word. "You will now pay, or should that be your ASS will now pay for that lack of control"

"No!" you cry, "not there!" as you realise that your anal virginity is about to be well and truly shattered by Rich's wrist-thick erection. You feel a cold trickling as Rich lubes up your asshole, before placing the tip of his cock at the entrance. "Please be gentle with me back there?" you say, more in hope than expectation. Surprisingly, Rich starts off slowly, working the head into your tight, virgin asshole, before pulling it out again, being fascinated by the way your hole gapes for a brief second after his withdrawing before closing again. Then you feel you ass being invaded again, but this time the feeling does not stop until you feel his balls resting against your bum. He reaches down to your pussy, and plunges his fingers into you, making your ass tighten even more on his prick embedded deep within you.

He pulls back slightly, and thrusts back into your asshole, pulling out further with each thrust, until you are taking his full ten inches in your ass harder than you thought you could take; in fact, you're even thrusting back onto it in time to his thrusts! Just when you think your ass is going to be drowned in his thick, creamy cum, he pulls out, and, jumping around to your head, you are surprised to find him thrusting it into your mouth and deep down into your throat, making you gag slightly. You feel spurt after spurt of hot cum shoot deep into you, and greedily, you swallow the lot.

Then, he unties your legs, takes your blindfold off, and for the first time, you see Rich AND one of his friends, a guy called Bob, looking VERY turned on still...

Confused at first, you look at bob, then back at Rick. Then back at bobs huge erection. Bob positions himself between your legs and lowers his head, stuffing his face in your wet pussy. you start to moan but remember you have to be quiet. You shut your mouth and whimper as his tongue flicks your clit. After he gets you dripping wet, he shows you his huge cock. Rich pours some more lube on bobs cock and your asshole. Rich starts to stroke Bob's hard cock. You've never seen him touch a man before and it turns you on. Bob dips his cock in your loose ass, slowly at first, and then pushes it all the way in. He starts pounding your ass harder and harder and harder. You want to scream so fucking loud, but you can't. Rich is on the side of you rubbing your clit and your nipples. He tells you he wants to hear you scream. O YES FUCK YOUR ASS, FUCK IT BABY FUCK IT you yell MMMM O MY GOD you scream as you keep getting pounded. you see rich becoming hard again......

It feels so good to see Rich getting rock hard again, but to your frustration, he just sits there, stroking his erection, all the while his eyes roaming over your body, from your cock-filled ass, to your trembling tits, and on up to your face, which is contorted in ecstasy. Suddenly, as if responding to an unheard command, Bob withdraws, and sits back on the floor. "Sit on me" he commands. Unsure exactly of what he wants, you hesitate, but soon there can be no mistaking his need. "Get your ass on my cock NOW!" Facing away from him, you squat down on him, your by now very loose asshole taking him all the way easily, and you begin to slide up and down on him, using your ass as a second pussy. Rich then gets up, and putting his hands on your shoulders, stops your motion, and pushes you back, so you are lying on top of Bob, his cock still deeply buried in your back passage. Rich nudges the tip of his rock hard erection against your shaved pussy lips, and you gasp as you feel him slide inside you, joining his friend inside your body, separated by the thinnest of membranes; you are sure they can feel each other moving deep inside you, and that gives you an added turn-on.

Suddenly, you become bolder; you ask "I wanna swap you two over, can we?"

"Sure thing," Rich says, "But your ass is gonna pay for that question, I hope you're ready."

"Bring it on!" you say, confident that you can take anything we can throw at you now. But Rich and Bob have a surprise for you; when you have turned over, so you are lying face down on Bob, Rich lubes up your asshole, and guides Bob's cock into it, giving it a few strokes to make sure he is hard enough for what he and Rich have in mind. Suddenly, Bob has broken through into your ass, closely followed by Rich's thick cock, and suddenly you are being fucked in the ass by two thick cocks at the same time! The pain of the first entry is very quickly replaced by extreme pleasure as Rich reaches down to flick your clit and finger your dripping pussy. Bob suddenly pulls out and quickly plunges deep into your cunt, filling you completely, and instantly establishing a fast fucking rhythm to complement the thrusts of Rich's cock deep inside your asshole.

Soon, you feel the signs of both men's approaching orgasms; "Cum in my mouth, guys" you say, and, needing no further invitation, they both withdraw, make you kneel, and force their cocks into your mouth so you are deep-throating both hard cocks at the same time.

One after the other, your two lovers shoot their hot creamy spunk deep into your throat; you struggle to keep up, but you just manage it, spurred on by Rich's warning "Don't spill any, or you'll be sorry."

"Oh God! That tasted SOOOO good" you manage to say eventually, once you have swallowed all that Bob and Rich could give you. Bob and Rich just smile to each other...they know that you will be their willing sex toy whenever and wherever...