 "Oh wow!" I heard a voice whisper in embarrassment. "I'm so sorry, but I needed to get some clothes."

"No problem," Carrie responded as I opened my eyes slowly. I blinked once or twice and saw Andie standing there. She looked mortified. 

Carrie was covering me with a sheet and moving away. It took me a moment to realize my girl had been about return the favor I did earlier and wake me up in a special way. Poor Andie must have walked in on it. I felt a pang of regret.

'Oh well, there was always later,' I sighed silently. 

I looked up and saw Andie quickly gathering some things as Carrie put on a robe. I noticed that the room was a mess. It smelled lovely too.

"Sorry for taking over your room," I offered.

"I'm glad you did," Andie smiled, despite her embarrassment. "Carrie looks a lot better."

"I feel a lot better," Carrie smiled. 

"That's great," Andie said, clearly meaning it as she turned to me and added, "You should come visit more often."

"I wish I could," I frowned. "But I pretty much tapped out my savings getting here this time."

"I was wondering where you got the money for the plane ticket," Carrie said.

"The best money I ever spent," I said seriously.

"But how are you going to survive at school?" my girl asked in concern.

"I'll get a job," I shrugged. "But more to save up for my next trip. I don't need a lot of spending money. I have a meal plan and a dorm room. Hell, the fraternities on campus even serve beer for free."

"Your father didn't want you to work through school," Carrie frowned. "He was adamant about it. Almost irrationally so based on what you've said."

"Pop had to pay for his own education. He doesn't have fond memories of it because he was always working," I explained. "This isn't the same because I'm just working for trip and spending money, but even if it were, frankly, I don't care. This won't be the last time I visit. I love you and nothing our parents or anyone else does will keep us apart for long." There was an embarrassing moment of silence.

"I don't know what you see in her," Andie grinned. "But Carrie sure is lucky to have you."

"Thanks," I said, blushing slightly.

"You just remember he's mine!" Carrie grinned.

"I don't suppose you're willing to share?" Andie asked. I felt a thrill ride up my spine as I looked at Andie more closely. She had a lovely heart shaped ass and a nice smile. She was actually very attractive. I'd only half noticed the night before. I'd been too enmeshed in my girl, but right now I could appreciate all of her attributes.

'Oh cut it out!' I thought to myself. 'She's just joking and Carrie is more than enough of a woman for any man. Besides, look how badly things went this summer.'

"No," Carrie replied. Did I imagine the hesitation in her voice?

"I figured," Andie sighed heavily, laying it on a bit thick. We all laughed, but Carrie and I exchanged a look.

The three of us chatted for a few more minutes and then the dark haired girl disappeared from the room after making plans to meet for lunch in a little while.

"Well?" Carrie asked. I didn't need her to clarify.

"Isn't that how we got in trouble the last time?" I asked in reply.

"I know," she sighed. "But did you see the hunger in her eyes when she realized what she walked in on?"

"All I saw was embarrassment," I replied.

"So, you don't want to?" my girl asked, sounding slightly disappointed.

"Of course I want to," I laughed. "I just don't think it's smart." 

"Andie's been a godsend as a roommate and I know she could probably could use some fun," Carrie said thoughtfully.

"Why?" I asked, stalling. I wasn't sure how I really felt about getting involved in a group thing again, not after last time.

"Her boyfriend broke it off right before school started. She didn't handle it well. Andie could have her pick from quite a few guys here, but she's gun shy."

"And you think this will help?" I asked.

"I don't know," my girl sighed, and then added after a slight pause, "You're probably right anyway. We shouldn't get involved in stuff like this anymore. It's just..." I lay there waiting, but Carrie didn't finish the thought. That didn't stop me from guessing.

"You really want her, don't you?" I asked with a smile.

"Hey!" she cried. "She's a good friend. I want to make her happy."

"I'm sure that's true," I laughed. "But that's not a denial."

"No, it's not," she admitted more calmly.

"I'm surprised you haven't seduced her already," I said, thinking about all of Andie's lovely curves.

"You know," she said thoughtfully. "Before tonight, I just didn't have the energy for it. Besides, it sort of felt like doing something like that would be cheating."

"I know what you mean," I smiled. "We really didn't talk about it before we went to school, but I think mostly because it wasn't necessary."

"Is that a nice way of you telling me that you haven't been with anyone else either since we left for school?" Carrie smiled.

"They'd all be a pale reflection of you," I shrugged. "Of course, with you here..." 

"It seems I'm not the only one interested in Andie!" my girl laughed.

"Interested?" I asked. "Sure. Who wouldn't be? But, that doesn't mean we should do anything about our attraction to her."

"I know," Carrie sighed. "But would you if I wanted to?"

"If it were last night, I'd say no," I answered said slowly. "I wanted the time to ourselves. Actually, needed might be a better word."

"I know exactly what you mean," Carrie smiled gently. "I needed it too."

"But that was last night," I said a moment later. "If you wanted to today, I'd go for it."

"Even though you don't think it's smart?" she asked.

"Hey, you're the brains of this outfit," I joked. "If you're willing to chance it, then who am I to stand in the way?"

"Please!" she snorted. "Your grades are better than mine and I'm no slouch."

"Not this semester," I said grimly, thinking about what it was going to take to turn some of my grades around. At least now I felt it was worth the effort. Seeing Carrie was doing wonders.

"Hmm, we'll talk about that later," she said with a concerned frown. "Right now we were discussing Andie."

"Yes we were," I smiled. "And I think I've made my views on the subject known. I don't think it's smart, but I'd gladly do so if you want." My girl looked off into space for a few moments.

"We'll wait," she finally said. "First, you're right. It's isn't smart." 

I notice Carrie's decision was not that it would never happen, only that it wouldn't happen now. I was smart enough not to comment on it.

"And second?" I prompted.

"I'm not even sure she'll go for it and I don't want to scare her off as a friend. I really like her." 

"Okay," I said, and then stood, stretched and changed the subject. "Let's get going. I'd like to see more of the campus other than your room while I'm here."

"We need to clean up first," my girl said, watching me with a smile.

"Us or the room?" I joked.

"Both. And put that thing away!" Carrie replied, looking at my hardening cock. "It's a good thing Andie didn't see much of you earlier. She would have fainted at the sight of it!"

"Oh I'm not that big!" I laughed.

"Tell that to my...well, you know," she said.

"Sore?" I asked.

"Yes, but in a good way," she replied, but then raised her hand to stop me when she saw the look in my eyes. She also laughed and added, "Later!" 

It was a small room and cleaning it didn't take very long. Carrie changed the sheets while I straightened and opened the window. I grabbed a set of sweats when we were done. I also took a towel and made my way to the shower. Carrie did the same, but unfortunately not the same shower. It wasn't very long before we were dressed and on our way.

"So, who else caught your eye since you arrived?" Carrie asked as we walked.

"You my dear, have a one track mind," I grinned.

"Not really," she said in denial. "I was just making small talk."

"Bull!" I said, my grin turning into a laugh. "You're horny as hell despite the great sex we had last night and early this morning."

"Not despite it," she finally admitted with a smile. "Because of it. I've buried my needs in that area for over a month now. Our being together seems to have awakened them with a vengeance."

"Okay," I said oddly disappointed despite feeling myself react to her words. "Do you want to go back to your room?"

"Not yet," she replied. "I want to spend the time you're here doing more than just having sex. I've missed more than just that."

"Me too," I smiled, my disappointment fading.

"So, back to my question," she grinned. "Who else caught your eye last night?"

"And this is really what you want to talk about?" I frowned.

"I don't know," she shrugged. "There's just so much to say. I don't know where to start. Talking about this just seems easier."

"You've never had a problem talking to me before," I said, my concern clear in my voice. Carrie didn't say anything for a time as we exited her dorm and walked through the campus. I waited patiently.

"It's just that not being with you this past month has been so hard!" she said, and suddenly she was in my arms sobbing. 

"Hey! It's okay," I whispered hoarsely, my own tears threatening. I squeezed her, letting her feel my arms around her and kissed the top of her head. "I'm here now."

"But you're going to leave soon!" she cried, burying her face in my chest.

"True," I said sadly. "But I'll be back. Besides, it's only a month and a half until we're both home for Thanksgiving."

"Home," she said glumly. "I'm not even sure where that's going to be. I think my mother is serious about moving."

"I'm home right now," I said warmly. "Home is wherever and whenever I'm with you."

"You really mean that, don't you?" she asked, looking up into my eyes.

"Of course I do," I said, letting her see the truth in my words. We stood there like that for quite a few minutes. People passed and gave us odd looks, but we ignored them.

"So, about those dropping grades," Carrie finally said, releasing me.

The next couple of hours went by quickly. We talked. We talked about my grades and hers. We talked about home and our parents. We talked about everything.

"You know," I smiled at one point. "I think I may actually have missed this even more than the sex."

"You think?" she asked with a raised eyebrow, looking more like herself.

"Well, you are my Golden Goddess," I teased. "And every guys' wet dream."

"I don't know about every guys," she smiled. "Just so long as I remain yours."

"You want me to send you my sheets?" I joked.

"Ew!" she cried. "That's gross!"

"It is isn't it?" I asked rhetorically, and then laughed. She joined me.

"We better start moving toward the restaurant," Carrie said as lunchtime approached. "I don't want to keep Andie waiting."

"Sounds good to me," I said. "I'm pretty hungry."

"Me too," she smiled. "Andie will be happy to see me eating again. On the other hand, I'd better start watching my weight with you around."

"Don't worry," I grinned. "I'm sure we'll find a way to work off the excess calories."

"I can't wait!" she laughed.

Andie was at the restaurant by the time we got there, but she wasn't alone. Kip, Candice and Summer were with her.

"Speaking of others that caught your eye last night..." Carrie whispered knowingly. I couldn't help myself. I grinned.

"And I'm sure none of them interest you," I whispered back.

"All of them actually," was the last thing my girl replied softly before greeting her friends.

"So, I see you two are getting along," I said to Candice and Kip after everyone said their hellos.

"Please!" Summer said with a roll of her eyes. "They're almost as inseparable as you two!"

"Jealous little sister?" Candice grinned.

"A little," the American Indian admitted with a laugh. 

"Me too," Andie put in.

"Let's eat," Kip said, trying to cut off the banter.

"Hmm, seems like someone worked up an appetite," Carrie teased, causing Kip and Candice to blush, but the others laughed.

"What? You're not hungry?" I asked innocently. This time everyone laughed.

I looked back and forth between the different people in our small group as we waited for breakfast. I was more aware of their looks this time. Whereas my Carrie was a golden blond with very nice curves in all the right paces, Candice was more of a classic pale blond with blue-gray eyes and light skin. My girl was one of those natural beautiful people, but so was Candice in her way. 

Summer was different. Her look was a bit exotic, but it was more her carriage and stance that drew me to her. Okay, she was also nicely curved, but her features were a little too strong to be called beautiful. Yet, her knowing eyes and always-present sexy smile drew people to her.

I didn't notice guys generally, but unlike me with Carrie, it seemed that Kip fit as a partner for Candice. He was certainly better looking than most guys, not that I cared. I had my Carrie. His hair was short and he had the square jaw that some girls seemed to like. I'm sure his green eyes drew their share of attention.

I glanced Andie's way and smiled to myself. It was too bad we weren't going to try and seduce her. She really was a pretty girl. Oh, she wasn't in Carrie or Candice's class, but her friendly, almost innocent smile was attractive in its way.

'And her lovely heart shaped ass has nothing to do with your attraction to her?' I asked myself rhetorically.

"What are you grinning at?" Carrie asked, drawing my attention back to her. 

"Nothing really," I replied. "I'm just happy to be here." It was the truth, or at least part of the truth. The look my girl gave me made me realize she knew the rest of it. I'd forgotten how much we could read each other's minds. I stopped letting my mind wander and got involved with the conversation.

The meal was good, but the company was better. Carrie had a nice group of friends, but I wasn't surprised. People flocked to my girl wherever she went and she was very good at picking the good ones.

Afterward we went to a local sports bar and played a few games of pool. We played two against two and rotated out. We each had a few beers, but nobody got drunk.

A number of people stopped by to say hi. Most were friendly. Every once in a while a guy seemed disappointed when Carrie introduced me as her boyfriend. I would just smile pleasantly. What else could I do? I didn't understand her attraction to me anymore than they did.

We finished and went back to the dorm. Carrie suggested a movie. Everyone seemed up for it so I went along. Of course, I was expecting to go to a movie theatre, but instead we ended up in the lounge I fell asleep in the day before.

"Okay," Kip said to the people that were there already. "Someone find Tim and Allen. Everyone else pass the word. It's a Movie Night!"

"Alright!" this one kid cried and jumped up. "I'll find Tim."

"I got the popcorn!" another cried.

"I think I know where Allen is," A third said as she disappeared through the door. A couple of the others said something as well and left the room. The rest started shifting furniture.

"Movie Night?" I asked with a raised eyebrow.

"This guy Tim is a bit of a movie nerd and he has a ridiculous number of movies in his collection. Every once in a while we have a movie night and Allen, our resident techie attaches Tim's computer to the television here. Everyone interested piles in," Kip explained.

"We take up a collection and order pizza somewhere in the middle," Andie grinned. "I love pizza!"

"And the resident advisors have been known to ignore a beer or two as long as it doesn't get out of hand," Candice put in.

"That's it?" Summer asked, but she was smiling.

"Well, a large group typically goes off to a fraternity party afterwards," her sister answered.

"And I know for a fact that Late Night is having a party tonight," Kip grinned.

"Late Night?" I asked.

"A nick name for one of the fraternities on campus," Carrie answered. "Their parties start well after midnight."

"It's just your kind of a party little sister," Candice teased.

"She's right," Andie put in. "Talk about your meat markets..."

"Ouch!" Summer cried, but she was laughing as well. 

"What can I do to help set up?" I asked.

"Start moving furniture," Carrie replied. "It's a lot heavier than it looks." It was, but it wasn't long before the room was set up.

I was impressed at how quickly the whole this took off. The hardest part was actually finding Allen. Kip and another guy were in the middle of setting up a different lap top him when he finally arrived. Two minutes later the movie was on. 

The place was packed. Carrie and I were actually lucky enough to get a spot on one of the couches. Well, I got the spot, she got my lap. It was a two-seater couch. Candice and Kip were right next to us in a similar position. Summer and Andie ended up on the floor where there were plenty of sleeping bags and blankets laid out. 

Having Carrie in my lap made things a bit difficult a few times. Her ass rubbed against my groin got her poked every so often. She knew what she was doing to me and clearly enjoyed it. I was tempted to reach under the blanket and do something about it, but this wasn't that type of party. The first movie was a comedy and the second was an action. We took a break after that and had pizza and beer. 

I met more of Carries friends. In fact, I met so many people that I lost track of all the names after a while. Many of the people left after the pizza and beer was gone including Andie and Summer, but others stayed. It was mostly couples now and I occasionally saw hands disappearing under blankets. No one did anything too crazy, but you could tell people were enjoying themselves. Even the movie selection was different. 

Tim put on something called "Gia" after we watched a romantic comedy. I'd never heard of it, which was surprising based on who was in it. I quickly realized it was a relatively old movie. It was about the life and times of some drugged out model. Typically, that was not my type of movie, however it wasn't long before I realized why he chose it. The first lesbian scene with the lead, one of the hottest women on the planet came on. 

"Wow!" Carrie gasped in surprise. She wasn't the only one. Kip and I exchanged a look.

'Holy shit!' he mouthed silently. I shook my head, but couldn't help smiling. 

It was obvious that everyone in the room liked what they were seeing despite some people's comments. The only problem was it was so hot that it frankly became soft porn.

"Okay!" Kip said after a few minutes, pushing Candice off his lap and standing. "Tim, that's enough of that! Shut it down." He was met by boos and good-natured taunts.

"I think everyone could use a cold shower after that," I put in with a grin.

"Or something," a guy added from the back. There was a general sense of laughter as the group slowly broke up. Some people stayed to help clean up, Carrie and I among them.

"I thought maybe you'd like to have this," Tim said to Kip as he walked over with a grin. He was holding out a DVD. The label was blank, but we all knew what was on it.

"Perv," Kip said, but he took the disc. Tim just laughed and walked away.

"And what do you plan on doing with that?" Candice asked.

"Watch it, of course," he replied. "Care to join me?"

"Maybe," she said, surprising him. "The acting was pretty good."

"Hmm, maybe I should ask Tim for another copy," Carrie put in.

"You liked it too?" Kip asked, even more surprised.

"I'm not sure," my girl replied. "You stopped it too soon, but it had an interesting plot."

"Yeah plot!" I said with a roll of my eyes. "That's what caught your interest."

"Unlike you two Neanderthals," Carrie replied. "Candice and I can get past the sex scenes and see the picture as a whole."
