 Chapter 01: The Shower

It was a normal morning. John was in the bathroom brushing his teeth, after taking his daily shower. Jill imagined that he was naked, and dripping on the aqua blue rug she that had bought at Bed, Bath and Beyond yesterday afternoon. 

She liked to think about John naked... after 3 years of marriage his body still turned her on. His 6 foot height completely dwarfed her 5' 2" frame, with the top of her head just reaching his chin. Of course, she thought with a sexy, wanton grin, that was the perfect height for her to lick and nibble his tiny nipples. It always seemed to really turn him on. Just thinking about it was making her quite warm, and a little damp into the bargain.

Jill looked at her image in the bureau mirror as she stood up at the side of the bed. Short, but well proportioned with slender legs, and what John said the guys at work called a "Bubble Butt". A trim waist that accented both her firm ass and her upturned "C" cup breasts. She raised her hands to flick her long, hard nipples poking the pink teddy in obvious reaction to her increasingly carnal thoughts about John. Her shoulder length mink-brown hair was a bit dishevilled, and her pretty features and deep brown eyes were both showing her growing arousal.

Jill pulled off her teddy, her hands moving to her breasts and lifting their weight for a second, and then walked over to the bathroom door. She could hear the noise of John's electric tooth brush, and the goofy, mushy mumble as he sang songs, closing his eyes as he brushed, pretending he was a rock star. She opened the door, crouching down and sneaking across the room to kneel in front of him as he held the brush like a microphone. Her face was inches from Johns large, flaccid cock (she always thought of his penis as a "cock", dick, or prick or any slangy, nasty name... it seemed so much more erotic. She also liked to act and be treated like she was a slut when they had sex.)

John was almost to the crescendo of his imaginary performance, and spread his feet, jutting out his pelvis the way he'd seen so many rock stars do, when he felt a warm, soft, wet sensation engulf his cock. Jerking open his eyes, he looked down to see his beautiful, naked wife with her mouth full of his rapidly hardening cock!

"MMmmmm, what a great way to start the day!" He said, as he put his hands behind her head and pushed her to take as much of his meat into her mouth as possible. His growing erection, however, began forcing her lips to move up the length of his dick as she just ran out of room for all of his 9 inches.

Jill's head began moving back and forth as she licked, and sucked his hard cock. Her tongue payed special attention to the tight skin just under the "hood" of his prick. She could feel the crinkly skin of his ball sack tighten up a bit as she worked. She was enjoying the powerful feeling of the warm, hard, but soft skin in her mouth.

"Let's do something kinky!", she said as she grabbed his cock in her hand and pulled it out of her mouth. 

"Like what?", John replied. He was searching his brain for what sexy trip she wanted to go on. Jill was often the innovator and initiator of their sexual fantasies. Over the last few months, her games had been getting wilder, kinkier, and sexier than he could have dreamed 3 years ago.

"Mmmnrr...", she said, but couldn't make clear because she had his cock in her mouth again. "I mean, let's push the boundaries a little bit. How about you pretend to be your friend Jim from work, and you're fucking me because I flashed my tits at you one too many times. You could also be you, catching us and getting turned on... " She smiled, and jammed his dick as far into her mouth and throat as she could.

John was a little taken back by this new fantasy of bringing someone they know into their sex life. He was also, he had to admit, really turned on by the idea. "OK", he said. "But, YOU have to pretend you're Jim's wife Mary, who walks in on the three of us screwing!" John gave a big grin, figuring he'd raised the bar on her.

"Ooo, I like it!!" , Jill purred. "You do know that Mary is quite attracted to you, don't you?"

" No, I didn't!", John exclaimed. "However, Jim has made quite a few comments to me about how attractive he thinks you are."

"Did you know that Mary is also bisexual, and she and Jim have been experimenting occasionally with a swinger lifestyle?"

"Hell no! How do you come up with this kind of information?" John couldn't believe the stuff Jill came up with. What do these women talk about, anyway?

Jill stood up, holding John's cock in her hand and stroking it, feeling the hard tissue under the baby soft skin. "Oh, we sometimes compare notes about lovemaking, how big our husbands dicks are... things like that. Just girl talk."

All the attention being paid to John's cock, and the sexy subject of their discussion, made John eager to move to another level of activity. He reached down to Jills firm butt, picked her up and set her down on his dick, sliding up into the warm, firm wetness of her pussy. He carried her out of the bathroom, amd into the bedroom, bouncing her ever so softly on his cock, so he could feel the tip of his dick kissing her cervex on the down strokes.

He set her down on the bed, and turned to walk out of the room. "Jim will be back in about 30 seconds..." he said with a sly grin as he closed the door.

Jill scooted under the sheets, pretending to be asleep. She heard a knock on the door, and closed her eyes. John opened the door slowly, and tiptoed into the room. He had thrown a pair of trousers on, and snuck over to stand by the bed. 

"So, Jill. I catch you at an unguarded moment." , he whispered under his breath. He could see the upper edge of a pink aureole around the nipple of her right breast, peaking out from under the sheet. Her long nipples were making little tents in the cotton fabric.

He reached down and very slowly pulled the sheet down until her entire breast was exposed. He could see her nipples stiffen as the material rubbed across the sensitive area. He also noticed a slow smile growing on her face.

"Looks like you're having a sexy dream", he mumbled. "I've got to finally touch those beautiful tits you keep flashing around at parties." he continued. He put his hand down to her breast, and very slowly and softly rolled her nipple between his thumb and finger. He saw her smile get bigger, and her body stretch with pleasure. He got a bit bolder, and covered her breast with his hand, kneading gently. When she didn't awaken, he used more pressure on her nipples, rolling and pulling them.

Jill gave a startled twitch, opened her eyes, and sat up in bed, clutching the sheet to cover her body. "Jim! What are you doing in my bedroom, and why are you here?", she demanded. 

"Jill, I'm sorry if I startled you. I didn't frighten you, did I?", he stuttured. 

"No, you didn't frighten me. Actually, I was having a rather pleasant dream. What are you doing here?"

Jim coughed, and shyly said, "This is a bit difficult to say, but I've been incredibly aroused by your beautiful body and the way you carry yourself at the parties we, and you and John have attended."

"What do you mean, aroused?", she said.

"You know. Turned on, and I had to come talk to you. I knew John was away tonight, so I came over. You really should lock your front door, you know. Anyway, the door swung open when I knocked, so I came in to look for you." Jim blurted out.

"Hmmmm... are you aroused now?"

"Well, yes I am. You are very beautiful."

Jill looked at the uncomfortable looking looking peak on the front of Jim's trousers. "I guess I really didn't need to ask that question! What did you hope to accomplish?"

Jim looked down at her with a tentative grin, and said "I hoped that you would be flattered by my confession, and that you might be as sexually open as your dress and behavior seemed to hint."

Jill smiled, sat up a bit straighter - causing the sheet to slip down and hang on her stiff nipples - and reached out and put her hand on the front of his pants, gently squeezing his stiff cock. "Well, it was a really good dream, and you've gone to all this effort. It would be a shame to ignore the moment." 

She moved her hands up to his zipper, pulling it down. Reaching in, she wrapped her slender fingers around his hard prick and pulled it out of the front of his pants. Opening her mouth, extending her tongue along the glans at the underside of the helmet of his dick, she closed her lips and cheeks around the warm meat in front of her. 

Jim's jaw dropped, and he reached down to cup her full breasts in his hands, kneading them and pulling on her nipples as he rolled them both at the same time. Jill's head bobbed back and forth, sliding his dick in and out of her mouth. Jill pulled his cock out of her mouth, resting it against her left cheek, looked up at him and said, "Am I meeting your expectations?"

"Absolutely!!! But now I think I'll raise my expectations, and go for broke!"

"Oh no, we don't want to break anything. Just bend it a bit...", she said as she unsnapped his pants and helped him pull them off. She lay back in the bed and spread her legs wide, and said, "Put it in my pussy, and fuck me hard! Put that big cock in my cunt. Screw me like the slut I am!"

Jim looked at her clean shaven pussy, with her clit clearly forming a little roll on the top of her slit. She reached down and pulled her pussy lips apart, inviting him in. He put his knees on the bed and slammed his cock into her cunt, burying himself to the full extent of his shaft. Then he started fucking her like an enraged stallion... in and out, hard and fast. At one point he pulled out, lay down on his back, and had her sit on his cock, facing him, cowboy style.

Just then, Jill said, "What was that noise? I think John may be home early!"

John, taking the cue that the next phase of the fantasy was starting, pulled out of Jill's pussy and walked over to the door. As he did, Jill quickly slipped out of the rumpled bed, opened her top dresser drawer and removed her favorite toy - a thick, 10 inch dildo. Jumping back on the bed, she stuffed the dildo into her pussy and got on her hands and knees, doggy style, sliding the flexible plastic toy in and out of her cunt.

John said, "What in the hell is going on here?

Jill looked at him, over her shoulder and said, "Jim needed help to work out an obsession, and I had a really sexy dream and woke up horny as hell. Seemed to be one of those complimentary coincidences. I hope you don't mind? And based upon the size of that hard-on, I suspect you don't."

"Well...", John said, "You really look hot with your pretty ass up in the air, getting fucked by my workmate. Kind of a fantasy of mine, so I can't complain when it happens for real. However, there is more to my fantasy."

"What?", Jill asked.

"You'll see", said John. Walking over to his bureau, he opened the top drawer and retriepved a tube of water-soluble personal lubricant. "We've never done this before, but then I've never walked in to find my wife screwing another man before, either."  

He moved onto the bed, behind Jill, who was still in the doggy position sliding the big dildo in and out of her pussy. John spread the lubricant on the tip and first couple of inches of his cock, and pressed his rock-hard dick against the pink, puckered star of Jill's anus. Jill jumped a bit and said, "What are you doing?"

John said, "Sweet-tits, I'm going to jam my cock up your ass, while Jim has his cock in your pussy. I'm going to give you your first DP!"

Jill said, "I don't know that I can do that!", thinking that she had gotten herself into a bit more than she bargained for.

John said, "Just keep fucking Jim, and let me worry about your ass!"

John began pushing his cock into Jill's ass. He got a little way, and felt a tight obstruction. He said to Jill, "Relax, I can't get by your sphincter muscle. Just relax..." and felt some of the tenseness start to dissolve. Pretty soon he felt the head of his dick slide through the ring of muscle, and his cock suddenly felt like it was surrounded by a slick, warm, soft, but extremely tight fitting glove. He began to slowly move, fucking Jill's ass.

Jill said, "Oh my God, that feels incredible! Fuck my ass!"

John could feel the dildo moving inside Jill's cunt through the thin membrane between her asshole and her pussy. The sensation was so exotic, and the pressure on his cock so constant, that he knew he would not be able to avoid cumming in Jill's ass. He started to stroke harder, and more insistent. He could feel Jill thrusting her ass back into his cock as his strokes got demanding. He was aware of Jill's voice reciting in some sort of mantra, "Fuck my ass, screw my cunt. Cum in my ass, fuck it hard, fuck my asshole with your cock, fuck it!!!!!" 

He could feel the gathering in his balls, just before his orgasm started and cum gushed into Jill's ass. His pubic bone pounded into her firm bubble butt, as he jammed his cock as deeply into her asshole as he could. As he coasted on the downslope of his orgasm, he could feel the increased lubrication of his jism in her ass. He slowly pulled his dick back out of her ass, and noticed the cock-size gaping hole that her asshole had turned into. Just for fun, he tried putting his semi-stiff cock back in the hole, and was amazed how easily he got past the sphincter and deep into her ass again. 

John could feel himself getting hard again, and began pumping against her firm, bouncy butt. Reaching around Jill's waist, he stroked her clit, competing with the still inserted dildo for room to rub the little button. Firmly gripping her left tit in his left hand, and pulling her nipple hard caused Jill to arch her back with the pleasure from having all of her major erogenous zones stimulated at the same time. The movement pushed his dick further into her ass, and she took over the rhythm of fucking herself in the ass with his cock.

Forgetting the fantasy, Jill said, "Lover, I definately want to add this to our sex life. I love the filled feeling of being fucked up my asshole!" This, of course, pushed John over the edge and he came again, jerking and spurting his thick cum into her ass. Jill came as soon as she felt his warm cum filling her butt, while John's finger batted her hard clit around, giving her one of the strongest orgasm's she had ever experienced.

They lay together for a few minutes, while John's dick slowly shrunk and slid out of Jill's rectum. John smiled and said, "That was great, but we never got around to Mary!" 

Jill looked over her shoulder and countered, "You're right, but I think we'll need to fuck Mary in another session. From the amount of jizz I feel leaking out of my well used asshole, I think you need to recharge your batteries." Then Jill got a sly smile on her face, and said, "We could invite Jim and Mary over for supper and a game of cards this Friday. Who knows, you might get lucky!"

John furrowed his eyebrows, wondering if he really wanted to take a step closer to actually acting out what has been merely fantasy up until now. On the other hand, Mary was a damn hot looking blond and he had to admit he'd love to have a chance to fuck her. Also, the idea of seeing his tiny wife blowing another man really got his juices going, in a guilty sort of way...