 John & Jill - The Card Game

Jill offered John and her guests a slice of the home made rhubarb pie she had baked this afternoon for desert. A late supper had helped to overcome the heat of the day, and everyone was finally cooling down. Jill and Mary had both chosen to wear a halter-top and shorts, and the men had worn the equivalent t-shirt and shorts. Relaxed conversation before dinner, a few glasses of wine, and everyone was feeling mellow and comfortable. 

"OK campers," John said. "After Jill's superb dessert, it's time for a good set of cards. What is your preference, Pinochle, Hearts, Poker?"

Jim said, "How about Pinochle? Guys versus girls. We'll cream you!" Mary and Jill looked at each other and grinned.

"I don't think so!" Mary exclaimed. "I vote for Poker, then it's everyone for themselves. Nickel, dime, quarter for 15 hands, winner gets to declare the next game."

"I second that idea!'" giggled Jill. "You guys are out-voted."

Everyone dug into the superb pie and then grabbed a fresh glass of wine, and moved into the great room. Jill had arranged a card table with legs folded up in the middle of the floor, covered by an old blanket. Pillows and beanbags surrounded the table. Jim grabbed the cards, saying, "Five card stud, only thing wild is the dealer" and dealt out the first hand. Mary was on his left, Jill on his right with John directly across from him. Sitting on the floor, Jill and Mary had to lean over quite far to play their cards, flashing a lot of cleavage, which did not go unnoticed by the men. At the end of 15 hands, everyone counted up their winnings. The cards had been fairly even, but Mary was ahead by $1.60, so she won the right to declare the next game. By this time, a couple of bottles of wine had been consumed, and the table chatter had included more than a few sexy comments from each of the players. 

"I get to call the next game!", said Mary. "I want to keep playing poker, but with new rules. How about 5-card showdown, winner gets to pick one of the losers and require him or her to do something? No restrictions, but if the winner requires the person to remove a piece of clothing, the person must stand up and take the item off. Then they have to carry the item across the room to the couch and leave it. Then they can sit back down."

John and Jim looked at each other with a bit of hesitancy, then Jim said, "Well, OK by me..." and gave a goofy leer at Jill, "but what happens if someone gets naked?

"I guess that's up to the winner." Mary replied.

"Are you OK with this?", John asked Jill.

"Sure," she said. "I plan to have you boys under my control! Nothing but hairy chests and floppy peckers," she laughed.

"Well, if that happens you'll be half right", Jim joked. 

Mary picked up the cards and began dealing. When the cards were all dealt, John had won with a pair of Jacks and a pair of sevens. "You win, John", said Mary. "Who do you pick, and what is your command?" 

John felt a bit uncomfortable, and decided to take the safest path. "Jim, take off your shirt!," he stated with a firm voice.

"OOooo! John, I didn't know you swung that way!", teased Mary. 

Jill laughed, and said, "Neither did I! OK, Jim... let's see that manly chest."

Jim stood up and did a few bumps and grinds while he removed his t-shirt. He strutted across the room and threw his shirt on the couch, laughing, "Eat your hearts out, Ladies!" When he sat back down, Jill playfully reached over and plucked a hair from his chest.

"First loser!" she giggled.

Mary passed the deal to John. 

John shuffled the cards, and said, "The name of this game is Dealer wins - again." He slowly dealt out the cards, giving himself an Ace of Spades. However, that was the last ace he dealt, and Jill wound up winning the hand with three eights.

Jill looked around the group with an evil grin, and then said, "Mary, this is your game, so I think you should get the next command. Take off your shorts!"

Mary stood up, her long, shapely legs suddenly very much the focus of everyone's attention. She ran both thumbs under the elastic of her shorts, and slowly, sensually, pulled them down while lifting her legs up one at a time. As she bent over to remove her shorts, she gave everyone a full view down the inside of her halter-top. Finally she stood up, holding her shorts in her hand, with all attention on the tiny, white thong that clung to her body. It was obvious to Jill and the men that there was the beginning of a damp spot on the camel toe of her thong. She turned around, and strutted over to the couch and tossed her shorts on top of her husband's shirt. The only thing hidden by the back of the thong was her asshole... her shapely ass cheeks were swinging back and forth as she turned and walked back.

"Did I satisfy your command, Mistress Jill?", she said as she sat down, flashing her cleavage again with a sexy smile.

"Oh yes! I think you did a great job satisfying my command, Mary.", Jill breathed. "I guess it's my deal now." Jill slowly licked her lips while she dealt out the cards. She noticed that John couldn't keep his eyes off of Mary's crotch, as Mary sat cross-legged next to him. She could also see a bulge starting to form in both John and Jim's shorts. When her deal was finished, Mary had won with a pair of Queens.

"Mary is the winner!", Jill announced.

"I certainly am" Mary said. "Jill, turnabout is fair play. Jim, Please remove Jill's halter."

Jim's jaw dropped as Jill stood up. He got to his feet, knowing that the major hard-on he was developing was pretty obvious. Jill turned toward him, and he saw that her halter clasped in the front. He reached up to undo the clasp.

"No... with your teeth!", commanded Mary.

Jim got a silly grin, and brought his mouth down between Jill's breasts. He couldn't feel which way the clasp was fastened with his lips, so he ran his tongue across the tightly stretched halter. In the process, his tongue slid along Jill's tit for a second and he could taste her slightly salty skin. He managed to grab the clasp in his teeth, and pulled to release it. Of course, as he did his face pushed against Jill's tit, and he could feel her nipple poking on the inside of her halter. The halter separated, but did not fall off her breasts. Jim slid his tongue inside the edge of the halter cup, and used it to push the cup off her tit. As his tongue slid across her long, hard nipple, he felt her hand casually brush against his erection. He repeated the operation with the other cup, being sure to quickly nibble her nipple. Then he moved behind her, pressing his hard cock against her marvelous ass as he grabbed the back of the halter in his mouth and pulled it off.

Holding the halter in his mouth, he walked over to the couch and dropped it on his wife's shorts.

Jill stood for a couple of seconds, her firm breasts high and her erect nipples pointing at the other players. Then she sat back down, saying "Jim, your deal."

Jim sat back down and dealt out the cards, giving his wife an Ace high hand. Mary looked at her cards and gave John a sultry look.

"John, time for you to lose your shorts. Do you need any help?"

John stood up, and looked at his half naked wife. Then he looked at Mary, and said "Sure, if you'd like."

Mary got up on her knees and reached up, undoing the button on the waist of Johns shorts. Then her long, slender fingers found the tab to his zipper, and slowly pulled it down. John's hard dick pushed out his underwear through the flap. "Hmmm, a lot of tension on this fabric!", Mary said as she slid both hands inside his open fly, sliding her right hand over the cotton covered ridge of his cock and around his butt. She pulled down his shorts, freeing the large tent of his underwear to scrape across her cheek.

Mary sat down and watched John walk to the couch, his cock swaying side to side under his briefs as he walked. When he had returned, Mary dealt another round and found she had won again, with two small pair. Thinking to herself that things could be moved along a bit faster, she said, "Jim and Jill, take off your shorts." No one commented on the expansion of the rules, and Jim and Jill stood and slipped out of their shorts. Jill took Jims shorts and walked over to the couch, her tits jiggling sexily and her round, firm buns looking inviting. The front of her tight pale yellow thong was clearly soaked through as she sat back down.

Mary passed the deal to John, who quickly delivered the winning hand to Jim. Jim looked at John and Mary, and ordered "You two need to get rid of your tops.... help each other."

John and Mary stood up, and Mary turned her back to John. He unsnapped her halter, and ran his hands under the fabric on the side of her chest, slipping them into the cups of the halter. Cupping her breasts in his hands, he lifted his arms at the same time as Mary lifted hers, removing the halter and letting Mary's large breasts free. 

Mary turned around, facing John, and slipped her hands under his t-shirt while he raised his arms again. Moving her hands up his chest, pulling the shirt up while her tits pressed against his bare skin. Grabbing the clothes, she turned and stepped toward Jill, reaching down to roll Jill's right nipple between her fingers as she walked by. 

Jill started to deal the cards as Mary sat back down. Looking around as she dealt, she saw the two men naked except for they're under shorts, with huge tents in their shorts. She and Mary were also naked except for their thongs, which provided virtually no cover. Mary's thong had slipped between her pussy lips as she sat, and Jill could feel that hers was in the same condition. As she finished the deal, she saw that she had a Jack-high straight. "Mary, please remove John's under shorts... without using your hands!" she said. As John stood, Jill looked at Jim and said "Jim, you stand up also."

Mary, kneeling in front of John, looked at the tent where John's dick strained at the fabric and lowered her mouth over the peak of the tent. Gently using her teeth to grab the fabric, she pulled his shorts down around his knees. His cock sprung free, and settled on the top of her head. Letting go of the shorts, Mary tilted her head back, sucked his cock into her mouth and began giving him a slow blowjob.

Jill saw the technique that Mary was using, and started to lower her mouth to the tent of Jim's shorts. However, just as she felt the cotton fabric on her tongue, Jim's dick slipped out of the fly flap on his shorts and slid into her mouth. She sucked his thick cock into her mouth, sliding her tongue around the head. Seeing Mary's head bobbing in front of her husband, she gave up all pretense and moving her head back, reached up and pulled Jim's shorts to his ankles. She sucked his dick back into her mouth, and grabbed Jim's hands, pulling him back down to the floor. She pushed back on his chest until he was lying on his back. Grabbing his cock in her hand, she slid her hand up and down the hard meat, and then took as much as she could into her mouth.

Mary, seeing Jill working on her husband's big cock, pulled John's shorts the rest of the way down and laid him down next to Jim. Sliding his cock out of her mouth, she stood up and slipped off her thong and lowered herself down onto John's long dick. Feeling his hard cock slip deep into her pussy, she started fucking him, moving her torso back and forth while her big tits bounced softly. John's hands reached up to catch her swaying boobs and pinch her nipples softly.

Jill also stood and removed her soaked thong. She turned as she lowered her bald pussy down to John's waiting tongue, and grabbed his cock in the 69 position, sucking him back into her mouth and sliding her head down to the base of his cock. She felt Mary's hands on her breasts, and looked over to see Mary's hips moving and John's cock sliding in and out of Mary's pussy.

Jill smiled at Mary with her mouth full of Jim's dick, and pointed up with her finger. Mary licked her lips and stood up, John's cock sliding out of her pussy. She pulled John to his feet as Jill interrupted Jim's blowjob and his expert tongue massage on her clit.

Mary held her hand out to Jim and helped him up to stand next to John, while Jill got up onto her knees in front of the two men. Jill grabbed a cock in each hand and pulled them both into her mouth, while Mary walked around behind her and lay on her back.

Jill spread her knees further apart as Mary slid up beneath her, rose up and began licking and sucking on Jill's pussy.

Jill was alternating between John and Jim's cocks, working hard to deep throat them as Mary began sucking on her clit. Jim reached down with his left hand and stroked her tit pulling on her nipple. John grabbed the other tit and pinched and pulled on that nipple the way he knew she loved.

John was amazed and extremely turned on by the bisexual action between his wife and Mary. He wasn't too surprised by the quick transition from a light-hearted, sexy game of strip poker to heavy-duty sex. Although they had never actually had sex with another couple before, their fantasy sex had focused on swapping partners for several months. He knew as soon as Jill cooperated with removing her halter that things were probably going to get hotter. He had no misgivings though. Watching Jill giving Jim a blowjob was the biggest turn-on he'd ever experienced. And, fucking Mary was a very close second. He was thoroughly enjoying himself, particularly because he could see how enthusiastically Jill was seeking more and more kinky sex.

Jill could feel that the men were getting close to cumming, so she backed off. She fully intended to swallow some hot cum this evening, but not right now. She stood up, turned around and went down on Mary in a 69 that reminded her of their fun the other afternoon. The women rolled on their side, each sucking the others stiff clit. 

Jim and John watched in stiff dicked fascination as their wives buried their heads in each other's crotch. After a few minutes, Jill raised her head and looked at John.

"Lover, remember the new thing we tried the other night?"

John definitely remembered sliding his hard cock into Jill's asshole, and said "Yes... do you want me to do that now?"

Jill smiled and nodded her head yes, "But not with me. I want you to fuck Mary in the ass while I eat her pussy!"

Mary licked Jill's clit, looked back at John with a huge smile, and wiggled her ass suggestively. Then she bent her head back into Jill's pussy.

"I want Jim to stick his hard dick in my asshole, and fuck my ass while Mary sucks on my clit." Jill said. "I want both of us to be ass fucked in a 69 sandwich!"

Just the idea made John's cock get harder than he could ever remember. It was so stiff it almost hurt. He could see that Jim was as sexually excited as he was. He asked Jim "Are you OK with me fucking your wife in the ass?

Jim looked at him, and at Jill's bubble butt, and said "Hell yes! You'll be getting her cherry, you know. And Jill will be getting mine!"

Jill looked up again, and said " Are you guys going to butt fuck us like the sluts we are, or are you going to chat all night?"

John walked into the bedroom and returned with his tube of personal lubricant. Mary saw it and said "Yum... make your cocks slippery and then slide them into our tight assholes. But..." she said in the same tone she'd used in the poker game "John, you rub the lubricant on Jim's cock while Jill and I watch, then Jim can return the favor." John and Jim were knocked back by Mary's command. They looked at each other for a second and then silently agreed that if rubbing another mans cock for a few seconds was the price they had to pay to fuck his wife in the ass, so be it! 

John squeezed a large glob of the lubricant into his hand, and reached down an grabbed Jim's dick in a full handed grip and stroked Jim's cock 3 or 4 times as if he were jacking him off. Then he handed the tube to Jim. Jim squeezed the lubricant into his hand, and then dropped to his knees and grabbed John's cock in his other hand and went down on him for about 2 seconds. Then he grabbed John's dick with the lubed hand and stroked him saying, "In for a penny, in for a pound!"

The girls both laughed at the look on John's face, and applauded. Then they started sucking on each other's clits even more energetically. The men quickly lay down on their sides behind the women, poking their stiff dicks into the girls butt cleavage.

Jim felt Jill's firm buns clasping his cock as he searched for her anus. He felt Jill reach around behind herself and guide his dick to the puckered hole, and then left him to do the rest of the work. He held his cock in his hand and slowly pushed the head into the hole, sliding it in about an inch until he could feel some resistance. Then he felt Jill take a deep breath and relax her muscles, and his cock slid past what felt like a firm ring, and into soft, delicate, warm slippery tissue. He moved a bit, and heard Jill moan. He started slowly fucking her ass, loving the feel of her butt against his lower body.

John slid his body against Mary, wrapping his arms around to grab her big, firm tits. He returned one hand to his cock, and slipped it down to press against her pink anus.

Mary pushed her ass back onto John's rock hard prick, pushing the head into her until it hurt a bit. John stroked her tits while Jill licked her pussy, and John said, "Relax, and my cock will slide right up to your belly button!" Mary was in sexual heat, a pussy in her mouth, hands on her tits and a cock in her ass. She shuddered and relaxed her muscles, and felt John push his cock firmly into her asshole. She felt his long dick slide deep into her, and then he started a fucking motion. Jill wrapped her lips around Mary's big clit as john started fucking her ass, and Mary felt herself sliding into an orgasm. 

Jill sucked Mary's stiff clit into her mouth as Jim began increasing the speed and energy of his ass fucking. Jill knew he was close to cumming, so she started meeting his thrusts by pumping her ass back into him. She could feel Mary's tongue sliding in and out of her pussy... in when Jim's cock was withdrawing and out when Jim slammed his meat back into her ass. She could feel a huge orgasm starting to spread out from her pussy.

"Fuck my ass, you cock sucking stud! Mary, you wonderful slut, lick my pussy. Ahhh, fuck me harder, jam that cock into my asshole.", Jill yelled.

Mary could feel John about to cum, and her orgasm was enveloping her. "John, stick your dick up my ass, deeper! Pinch my nipples, cum in my ass... spurt your hot cum up my butt! Jill, you big titted, fine ass fucking nympho - suck on my clit. Let my husband spurt cum up your slutty ass. Oh shit, I'm cummmminnnng!

THE END