 I am amazed when I look back at the events that happened to me one night, some years ago. Most people who know me as a conservative and careful man would not think it likely that I could have been involved. But it did happen and when my mind returns to that time, the memory burns like a shooting star.

I could jump right in and just tell you what did occur. But in retrospect the event was more than a one-night affair but the culmination of several months of increasingly erotic encounters.

I had enjoyed a very normal life at age 45; my family away on their own and I married to a lovely woman, Sarah, to whom I had always been faithful. We suddenly had more time for ourselves. Our social life expanded and there was more time for travel and leisure. We had always enjoyed a regular and fulfilling sex life, but now on our own at home, we stretched our minds to areas of sex long verboten even for discussion.

Sex was no longer just Friday evenings straining to be quiet as we ground away at each other. Not knocking it, we loved shutting that bedroom door and turning on some music while we "read" in bed. But suddenly we were free to just do it whenever we wanted. A call at the office from home, "What are you doing for lunch? Why not come home, I have something here for you." I knew damn well there was no food involved in the "Something."

We reveled in our new sex life, with the thought that we were making up for years of lost opportunity. That more open outlook brought thoughts of having sex outside our marriage. We found we could discuss the fact that there were others in this world that might be fun to, well, just fuck. We used the tactic to arouse the other, as we lay naked in bed fondling and sucking and touching.

"I think Bob wants to take me to bed." This while the knob of my cock was stirring around in her pussy lips. "What makes you think that baby? Has he asked you to meet him?" This elicited a short jab that combined with her thrusting hips sunk my cock into her a few inches. A wild open mouth kiss followed as our lust began to build, inflamed by the thought of some other man desiring her as much as I. 

"He rubs his cock on me when we dance." Ah God, my cock feels like it will burst as I push it into her until our pubic bones are grinding together. "Ah babe, do you let him do that? Do you encourage him? Do you enjoy it?" 

I became frantic, hooking one arm under her leg and lifting up to her shoulder in an attempt to sink deeper into her. "Yes I do, usually after a few drinks. I arch my hips forward so that it rubs on my hip and pussy." No more words for a while as we release our bodies and minds to thrash around until satisfaction is achieved.

The strange thing about those first few ventures into exchanging thoughts about forbidden sex, was that the discussion would end right there. We did not mention it again until the next time we were at each other. We treated it like a TV program that we had watched and forgotten. We seemed to be embarrassed at our actions.

But that changed as well. We began talking more freely about sex with others. Women being women, I became aware that Sarah discussed these matters at tea with other ladies of our acquaintance. In other words, some of our close friends were going through the same sort of mental process, as were we. 

It became obvious at house parties that sex was now fairly close to the forefront of the thoughts of us all. Adult games, video clips and dancing to slow ballads in a darkened room became the norm. Our own evenings in bed became more focused on talk about which couple we could or wanted to engage in a swap. 

It was during this period of heightened erotic awareness that I became increasingly friendly with a business acquaintance. Gary was a salesman for a large supply company. He was a good looking energetic and outgoing person. I had known him for a few years and had often joined him for dinner when he visited on a business trip. He was a lot of fun, a 'life of the party' person who people enjoyed being around.

He showed a very obvious penchant for women. He probably has never met a woman that he did not want to bed. It mattered little what age or body type they were, he made moves on every woman that came close to him. And as the evening progressed he became more vocal about what he would like to do to this one or that one. He was a pussy hound of the first order, and after a few drinks talked about it incessantly.

His company owned a big cabin cruiser that they used to take customers out fishing. I was asked to join them for a three-day outing and accepted with pleasure. I love fishing. 

Gary was on board, and would bring out his porno movie collection each evening after dinner. I admit to enjoying porno, but after two or three it becomes quite repetitive and I lose interest. Gary could watch it all night and would remain glued to the TV after most of us were in bed. He entered another world, his eyes glazed, moaning and groaning with each close up view of a naked woman's pussy. His exclamations would usually include some reference to him tasting it.

I began retelling Gary's stories to Sarah during our intimate encounters. She was fascinated by the stories of his apparent prowess with women of all description.

Sarah was lying on top of me one night, pushed up on her elbows, her nipples teasing my chest while she rubbed her mound on my cock. "Gary seems to go down on his women a lot, does he always do that?" Her eyes were glazed as she stared down at me. She bent and kissed me with little soft kisses. She was in that mood where she wanted to string the foreplay out. Erotic chat filled that bill and we both loved the feeling of being daring and open.

I moved my hands down her back, cupped her ass cheeks in my hands, squeezing and spreading them and whispered, "He loves licking pussy, claims he actually prefers getting his ladies off before he fucks them."

Sarah jammed her hand in between us, pushed my cock down between her legs, "Oh God, did we ever do that? Can't remember, did I ever come on your tongue? Would love to try it one night, but not tonight!"

She began asking about meeting him. We lay on our sides one night facing each other. Her upper leg was hooked up over my hip, spreading her legs. We were still in tease mode, my knob occasionally brushing her mound as I lifted one tit to my mouth and then the other. 

"When will Gary be back in town? Maybe you could invite him over for dinner one night." I had one hand on her ass and could feel it starting to clench, she was excited at the thought of meeting this pussy licking man.

I quite enjoyed using tales of Gary to arouse my wife, but had no plans in actually arranging for her to meet him. I evaded the question, while trying to keep her arousal at a fever pitch. "Not sure babe, but if you want I will invite him over the next time he's in town. What are you thinking about? He's just a guy I know. Would it excite you to meet him?" I knew damn well it would excite her, and it did right then as she rammed her hips at me and swallowed my cock in one wild thrust.

On another night I took the offensive. "If Gary is not available for dinner here, I could arrange for you to meet him at the convention." 

She glued her body against mine, clutching at me desperately. "Would love that babe, your stories about him drive me crazy. I just want to see him, he sounds so damn horny."

"Baby, what you want is for him to see you, isn't that it?"

She was on her back and I was kneeling between her legs, sliding my cock back and forth along her belly, teasing her pussy with my balls. She smiled up at me, holding her breasts and said, "Yes of course, can't blame me for being curious can you?" She closed her eyes, obviously picturing this meeting with this pussy licking phenomena.

I continued as I bent over top of her, bracing myself on extended arms, "We could invite him to our room for a drink. I would find an excuse to leave you alone with him. What would happen do you think lover? Would you let him lick your pussy? Do you think that you would come?"

With that, I lifted her legs to my shoulders and dove between her legs and began to relentlessly suck and lick her slippery pussy. She was crying as she grabbed my head to rub it violently on my face. She arched upwards almost to her shoulders, her ass cheeks clenching and unclenching as she got off with a violent twisting of her hips.

She was still shaking as I lay her back down and slid my cock into her, moved my hands under her back, clutching her shoulders as I did chin-ups in her. I was off in minutes, the whole mental picture of her with Gary raising our level of lust as high as it had ever been.

I rolled off of her. Both of us exhausted after that brief but very intense sex. She finally rolled to her side, propped up on an elbow and said, "You bastard, you knew what that would do to me didn't you?"

I grinned at her, "Babe, you keep asking me about Gary, I just wanted to give you a preview of a meeting." She banged me with her pillow but laughed at the same time. "That was fun."

While we had carried these fantasies about others to a very high level, we had not come close to carrying it out in real life. 

She had asked me if I had ever picked up women when with Gary. I knew that this was hand grenade country when I responded. "No babe, I have been in bars with him when he's made his moves but have never joined him." It was true, but I had considered telling her a little white lie to heat her up.

The thought that she had even considered that I might have strayed, combined with her own obvious curiosity about climbing in bed with this guy, became sort of a free pass in my mind to maybe just testing the waters with another woman.

That time came a month or so after we had discussed my possible infidelity. I had made an unscheduled trip to my head office in the city that was Gary's hometown. I called him from the office and arranged to meet for dinner that evening. After a few drinks in the bar, followed by a bottle of wine with dinner, I was ready for anything. 

Gary must have sensed my interest in joining him on a pussy hunt. He suggested that we visit an "over thirty's" bar where singles mingled in efforts to meet someone of the opposite sex.

This was a new world for me, but Gary was completely at ease as we sat at the bar for a look around. For the most part the patrons were all over thirty including several pushing sixty. 

Gary was very forward when he met a woman for the first time. He was not always successful but on the other hand the rejection, when it came, was pleasant and apparently remorseful. He could make an incomplete pass without offending. 

We sat on our bar stools looking out over the room. I was a little nervous, almost hoping that there would be no luck. There was a small dance floor in a corner, music supplied by a piano player singing soft ballads. There were several tables where two or more ladies sat trying to look nonchalant but obviously interested in meeting someone. Gary called out the possibilities as he surveyed the room.

"We can get laid here tonight buddy. Want to join me?" he murmured as his gaze continued to wander through the room.

"Ah man, don't know really, not really my thing," I answered.

"Well how about we just meet a pair, invite them for a drink and a dance. No harm in that is there?" His eyes continued to scan the scene.

He was pushing my moral limits and despite my subdued replies, my heart was churning at the thought of bedding someone new. "Well sure, no harm in that, might enjoy watching you operate up close," I laughed.

"Let's go then," he said as he moved off his stool, "there are two ladies at the end of the bar looking for action."

Surprised at how quickly he had responded, I glanced to the other end of the bar to see two very nice looking women perched on their stools looking in our direction.

As we approached the women I struggled to appear as free and easy as Gary. Their response to an invitation to join us for drinks at a table was immediate. We guided the women to a table in a quiet corner of the room. 

Their resemblance in facial features and body builds was quite obvious and it was no surprise to learn that they were sisters aged between 35 and 40 years. They were dressed for action in flared skirts and low cut blouses and high heels. They were striking looking women and garnered appreciative looks from both men and women as we filed towards our table.

Joy was sparkling and flirtatious, by far the most outgoing of the two ladies. It turned out that she was married and according to her, just out this night to accompany her sister Jennifer. Apparently Jennifer had recently been divorced and this was her first night out in a long time. She was very quiet and while friendly enough seemed nervous and detached at times, her eyes losing focus as Gary and Joy prattled on about innocuous nothings. I was pleased when it appeared that whatever happened this night would find me paired off with Jennifer.

We danced, Jennifer drifting softly into my arms, her body brushing mine easily. She smelled divine, just a faint whiff of some scent lingering in her hair. She commented on Gary and what an entertaining man he appeared to be. I asked her if she was disappointed that her sister caught the prize while she was left with dull me.

She brushed her lips on my ear and said, "Not at all, it was my choice, I selected you." I pressed my hand on the small of her back and she came willingly against me, our bodies touching from thighs to shoulders. I was very excited and my only thoughts were about the possibility that we would find ourselves in bed that night.

Gary and Joy were really into it on the dance floor, his knee thrust between her legs and his hand holding her ass, pulling her against him. They were laughing and giggling as we all returned to the table.

"Lets' all go to your room Jim. We can get a bottle of wine and relax," Gary said in a matter of fact manner. I always stayed in an apartment type hotel when in the city. My suite was made up of a living room with a kitchenette and a separate bedroom with two Queen sized beds. A perfect place for a foursome although this had not been my intent when I reserved it.

The ladies glanced at each other, Joy's eyebrows raised in a question to Jennifer. Jennifer looked towards me briefly, smiled a little and shrugged her okay. The shrug was not exactly enthusiastic but that barely mattered to me. 

They went to the ladies room before we left and Gary tapped me on the back, "Pussy tonight buddy, you can bet on it." I suddenly realized that I might be naked with a woman other than my wife for the first time in 25 years. 

Events moved quickly once we were in my suite as Gary and Joy were obviously intent on getting it on. Jennifer did not appear as eager and I was still uncertain as to whether I would be enjoying her favors this night. 

Soft music played in the background as we toasted each other with wine. Gary grabbed Joy and started to dance, placing both hands on her ass cheeks, provoking laughing protests from Joy. The protests died off as they began to kiss and grind their bodies as they danced. We were hardly in the suite 20 minutes when they moved arm in arm to the bedroom not bothering to shut the door. 

Jennifer looked really nervous now. I led her to the window overlooking the bright lights of the city and pulled her gently to me. She seemed to appreciate my slow approach and soon relaxed as we swayed to the music. She kissed my neck as I positioned a breast under my arm. Encouraged I lowered one hand down her back until my fingertips danced on her butt. 

She turned her face up to me and we kissed softly, if not urgently. I have always enjoyed the preliminaries of sex, as much if not more than the charge to the finish. I explored her body softly but relentlessly as we kissed and swayed to the music. There was not a word spoken as we moved to the sofa where I began to undress her.

Meanwhile, the sounds emanating from the bedroom left little doubt that Gary and Joy were deep into things. "Oh God Gary, baby, baby, you'll get me off. Oh, is that what you want?" I knew without looking that Gary was at his favorite past time, licking pussy.

While that served to arouse me even more, it appeared to have the opposite affect on Jennifer. She stiffened in my arms, possibly embarrassed that her sister had given in so easily. I removed her blouse to expose her lace-trimmed bra with breasts spilling over the top. I bent and kissed the valley of her breasts and oh she smelled so good. She relaxed a little as I unhooked the bra and slipped my hands up under it to cup her tits, teasing the nipples with my fingertips. We kissed, I whispered, "You are very beautiful Jennifer, I have been thinking of this all night." She guided my head down between her tits, moaning softly as I moved my lips from one nipple to the other and back again.

I removed the bra and sat her on the sofa. This brief break caused her to lose focus again, her head turning toward the bedroom where her sister was now being roundly fucked. I moved quickly to pull her panties down and off. She slid back on the sofa as I moved beside her to suck her nipples and slip my hand up between her legs. Her skirt was up around her hips, why had I not taken it off while she was standing? I was quite afraid that the least little thing might blow it all.

Her pussy was far from relaxed, and I was rushing things now. In retrospect I should have played it out more gently. I should have waited until I felt her loins relax as my fingers toyed with her bush and the tip of her slit. Instead I hastily slipped one finger into her. She was tight, her slit was dry and she was not comfortable. She raised her head to look over towards the bedroom and the sounds of sex emanating from there. We could hear their bellies slapping together and the sound of the headboard bouncing off of the wall.

I stood up quickly, stripped off my shirt and pants, almost tripping in the process. Jennifer looked back up at me like a deer caught in the headlights as I moved to drop my shorts.

She looked startled, as if she had suddenly awakened from a dream, jumped up and grabbed her clothes, all the while mumbling, "I'm sorry, so sorry, I can't do it, sorry Jim."

I stood there stunned, my cock just barely out of my shorts as she struggled to pull on her bra and blouse. She balanced on one leg to put on her heels and then holding her purse and her panties in one hand ran out the door.

I pulled my shorts back up and sat down on the sofa. Seconds later Joy was out of the bedroom, pulling on her panties and saying." What happened? What did you do? Why did she leave?"

I looked up at her and shrugged, "Everything seemed good, we were enjoying ourselves, we kissed and touched and she let me undress her, and then she just jumped up and left."

Joy settled down and said, "Oh, my fault Jim, not yours, I forced her to come out tonight. She has not done a thing socially for several years. I thought she should start living again after her divorce. I guess I shouldn't have pushed her to get out and get laid."

She stood there with her arms on her hips, tits dangling and swaying apparently deep in thought as I sat morosely on the sofa, head propped in my hands. Then as if accepting what had happened looked at me and said, "You know, she wanted you, you were her choice."

Her eyes softened, something like pity showing as she realized what I had been through. She looked down at my cock still tenting my shorts and came over in front of me. She looked very tempting. I could see the outline of her trimmed bush through her sheer panties. 

She moved closer to me, placed her hands on my shoulders and dropped an erect nipple near my lips. I took it into my mouth, as hungry for sex as I had ever been, and sucked it fully into my mouth. I rubbed her mound through the panties. She moaned as I pushed the panties to one side and found her wet sticky lips and rubbed them gently together.
