 Author's overview:

This is my first story, and it will be a few chapters long. The idea is to build some sexual pressure among the characters and make the reader not want to put down the story. (This chapter does not have a sex scene as build up to them in the next chapter.) I hope you read and enjoy. 



Being in Las Vegas you would believe life would just be a nonstop party and days of consistent wildness would be a blast at 21 years old. However, that was never my intention. 

My name is John Woods and I grew up in the small state of New Mexico. I'm actually Caucasian and did the normal academic path of going to college after High School. I was a late bloomer in the world of dating, as it wasn't until I left High School when I gained enough confidence to ask a girl out. Slowly, I got a little experience and became your average college student chasing after a career.

When I was able to transfer from New Mexico out to college in Las Vegas, I began learning a whole new life style. Restaurants and stores were open at 3am. You would do your grocery shopping at 1AM and six check-out lines would be open. After you paid for gas at the local Rebel station you could dump your change in the slot machine on the way out. That is of course, if Joe and Marty from down the street are taking a break from there regular routine of playing it 7 days a week for 12 hours straight. 

The point being, it was not a normal lifestyle. It had many advantages that a college student could feast upon. The ability to go out and get a dinner for $1.99 and still hang out with your buddies back at the house made getting by easy. My favorite would be to hit up the Texas Station bowling alley after midnight. You could bowl for free and have $1 beers. The crowd was always entertaining and made for great memories for the low budget college kid. 

My goal was to become a hotel manager, and where better to study hotel management than UNLV? The major required all of their students to work 750 hours at an establishment in hospitality industry. 

Las Vegas had many options to find a position, but rather than work at the large and famous hotels. I found a small place off the strip. Only one mile away from Las Vegas Blvd you could find tons of smaller franchised hotels. I worked the Front Desk at one of the more famous chains across the world and it had a total of 120 rooms. 

These hotels would generate a lot of business from conventions and the clients would differentiate from social groups to attendees at a convention. We even had strippers that would come up from Southern California and spend the night with us while working at the club for the weekend. They could rake in a quick $3000 for working two nights at a popular club. Our job was to be professional, and do everything we could to take care of the guest. 

It was a fun job position. I had to take care of making reservations on the phone, give guests their messages, and be the complimentary airport shuttle driver and handle of the functions of checking guests in and out. Being a small hotel, we also were in charge of bringing guests anything they requested from shampoo and towels to help with their Air Conditioner. The stress levels were high, trying to remember to get everything done in eight hours, but it wasn't too bad considering how fast the day went. After you got off work at 11pm you could go out and hang out with friends at a bar and they never closed. 

My general routine would be to go to class Monday through Friday and work five days a week. I'd go to work after class and then on the weekend I would work the morning shift and hang out with friends or go out on a date if I met anyone special. The girls in Las Vegas provided a great variety and if you kept your eyes open you could probably find what you were looking for pretty quick. The only thing it didn't offer would be a girlfriend.

I was always in the frame of mind that if I was going to be sleeping with someone, I wanted that to be my girlfriend. In Las Vegas it was more of a continuous connection to a one night stand or maybe a Monthly Booty Call. Seems to be a guys dream, but it wasn't for me. I wanted to feel more than just bragging rights to the fact I was boning the cocktail waitress at the Mirage Lounge. 

After a year of work at the hotel I gained a lot of personality. There was no more inward shyness toward people. I found myself saying hello with a smile to complete strangers when going out shopping. Even if I was in line at the Mandalay Bay Buffet I would be chatting with the group of girls that were behind me. The funny thing about it was I had no intentions of ever trying to hook up with anybody. They didn't live in Vegas and therefore they didn't meet my criteria. The lack of hope made my extraverted personality very appealing to traveling women. 

Once or twice a month I would get asked out by guests in the hotel to see if I would like to have drinks when I got off shift. I never said yes, as I knew it was against company policy to see guests outside of work. I basically had no guts and didn't want to risk anything. My career was too important to me. 

Working at the hotel, it was important to have a good relationship with your coworkers. Jake and I were identical in goals. He was a year behind me, but following the same major at UNLV. He was 5'10 a bit more muscular than I and he too had a good smile. He had dark hair and his eyebrows were a defining feature. It brought out his smile and enhanced his eyes, which many of the girls would blush at. 

We both had outgoing personalities and did whatever we needed to do in order to take care of the guests. We were highly motivated to get the best Guest Satisfaction scores and with that receive our bonuses from high results. 

It made working together fun and we got paired together usually on the weekdays and sometimes the weekends. 

The busy season for our hotel was not the summer. It would be 100 degrees outside and not many conventions would be going on during that time. The hotel would have low rates and do everything they could to drive business. Most of the summer would gain business from travel coupon books or sporting groups needing a place to stay for their teams. This is where an opportunity in my life came and has been a memory I have never forgotten:

"Welcome to our hotel. How may I assist you today?" I asked a guest approaching the Front Desk at the hotel. He was the first person I was in contact with and I didn't even have a chance to say hello to Jake from clocking in. He was busy counting his cash drawer anyway, so I wanted to cover him in order for him to finish.

"Yes. The name is Mr. Randall, I'm checking in." He was dressed in jean shorts and a button down shirt, ready to hit the strip.

"I see you have a reservation for two nights in a room with a King Bed. Would you like to have an upper floor or ground?" I replied in a routine fashion.

"Upper." Mr. Randall replied. He said it with a gesture that it really didn't matter. 

"If you could please sign here and initial by the rate. I'll go ahead and make you a key." I quickly handed him his registration card and had his key ready for him before he was done with the signature.

I continued on while Jake was just about done counting the cash drawer, "And your room is down the hall, where you'll run into the elevator. It is up on the third floor. Please feel free to give me a call if you have any questions, my name is John and I'll be glad to assist you."

"Thanks." Mr. Randall finished as he walked down the hall with his new Swiss Army Suitcase.

The hotel lobby was fairly small. It was used for a continental breakfast in the mornings and was two steps down from the front desk area. It had about 8 tables and a little coach area to relax by a coffee table.

The lobby was covered by windows. Almost like a green house, but outside there were tall trees and would block the direct sun from entering the lobby. It was very peaceful.

I began to ask Jake what was going on today. He informed me that we had a couple of rooms out of order and an airport shuttle pick up at 4:00pm, which was in 1 hour. I also began going through the bucket to be sure we had a Credit Card for each room, or a cash deposit. As I did that, I could see we had about 7 packets of keys all pre-made. 

I knew this was a group, but thought I would double check with Jake to know more about it.

"Jake, Are these keys for a group arriving today or tomorrow?" I asked.

He looked over at me while organizing new registration cards, "I think they are for today. It's some high school soccer team."

Wanting to be sure they didn't create any problems I asked, "Are they all booked on the same floor. I don't want to have them making noise on different floors."

"Agreed. I'm not sure. You may want to scope through and see if that's been taken care of." he said with enthusiasm. 

We never wanted to deal with guest complaints, it just made the night more difficult. Especially, when we had 55 arriving guests. We just did not have time to deal with anyone asking us to stop the noise.

I quickly began to run through the key cards and adjusted them to be on the same floor. I made sure they were all on the 2nd Floor. I didn't want anyone to be below them if possible but the ground floor would be worse because they'd start going into the parking lot and creating more problems. 

It was 4pm very quickly as we checked in about 15 guests in that first hour of my shift. Jake decided to take the first shuttle run and I had support from our manager Jennifer if it got busy.

Jennifer was in her upper twenties, and very professional. She was about 5-8, slender body with small curves to make her something to turn your eyes at. She had a great smile with a pale complexion. There were a few freckles on her face but they went well with her personality. 

I'd had a big crush on her ever since she hired me a year ago. She would date time to time, but nothing serious ever happened. She was more focused on her job and graduate school.

Jennifer always wore dress pants to work and her ass was her best feature. It was so tight compared to the rest of her body and it made you wonder why it was so perfect. Either way, it was always nice to see her walk away from a conversation.

Many times I'd ask her out of the back office for help just to see her walk back to her office. I think she knew the guys at the front desk stared, but if she cared she wouldn't wear the same pants over and over.

I got slammed with about 4 guests and the phone did not stop ringing, so Jennifer came out to help at the Front Desk. She checked in 3 of the guests and I the other. The last guest was flirting with her and I got to enjoy the show while making a reservation for another guest on the phone. 

Jennifer was polite and professional with the guest. She would smile back and act sweet about all their remarks, but you could see that she was defensive. Jennifer would back away from any guest that was coming on to her. The only time she showed interest in anyone she would begin to lean in and rest her chin on her hand while resting on her elbows. Wasn't the most seductive pose, but from a side angle it was a nice to see her bending over.

Jennifer was able to get the guest on their way and she asked if I was doing okay. I was fine and began to chat with her about my day. I told her my friend Eric was going to a Charity Banquet and wanted me to go. It was going to be in two weeks and I wasn't much of one for formal events. He was going with his girlfriend Vanessa, but I still didn't have a girlfriend. 

She already knew that, but I told her I hate going to events like that. Especially, with someone I don't even know very well. It could be a bit awkward. 

About 15 seconds went by as she was looking around the lobby, then at me to ask at random, "If you don't find a friend to take I could go with you." She immediately looked away from me and down to the floor. I think out of shock she smiled at me and tried to cover her bases saying, "Of course that's if you absolutely can't find anyone." 

I immediately had thousands of images going through my mind. The Boss was hitting on me. She's begging for me to take her out, what more is she begging for? Imagine what she might want to do after the event? My cock was already beginning to get hard.

I had some concerns drift through my mind as well. I didn't want to jeopardize my career or get in trouble at work, but she was the boss. If anything I guess she would get hit harder than I. Jennifer had the same goals too, so I know she won't do anything to put herself in a bad position. Of course being on your knees is not that bad of a position either.

I couldn't stop thinking about her with her beautiful light hazel eyes. Staring up at me with her small little hands wrapped around my foreskin.

"That's very sweet of you, and I'll keep it in mind. It would be good to have a friendly face with me." I wanted to make sure she knew I would think about it, without being over excited. She smiled and walked back to her office. I immediately dropped my eyes to watch her butt cheeks squeeze her pants tightly as she cleared the corner. 

Unfortunately, she grabbed the corner of the wall and bent back to catch me staring at her ass. She asked if I would take my break after Jake. She told me he had to pick up his car before they closed the shop for the night. Her eyes gave a quick shifted glance from my eyes to the small bulge forming in my crotch. Then around the corner she went with a grin forming while biting her bottom lip with her two front teeth. I could see it forming in the reflection on the wall picture and I was quite anxious to just ask her right then and there.

I had to work the rest of the next half hour facing the lobby and check in guests left and right, without backing away from the desk, otherwise my shaft would be popping out of my pants. Thankfully, Jennifer never came back. She remained in her office for a while, even after Jake returned from the airport. 

Jake was in a uneasy mood. He was really trying to get the entire checklist done without any distractions. I asked him what the rush was, and he said he wanted to be sure everything was okay to take a longer break, just in case the automotive had to keep his car longer than his thirty minutes.

I told him it wouldn't be a problem. We're down to 25 arrivals now and Jennifer is in a good mood. He was reassured when I told him that.

"Good. Maybe she's finally getting laid." He made a sarcastic remark. I gave him an agreeing smile. He then said, "I just wish it were me doing the drilling."

I couldn't hold myself back and laughed pretty hard. He chuckled along with me. As we carried on with our work, it got down to 5:30pm and he finally asked if he could go get his car. I told him sounds good. I only have 18 arrivals left and 7 of them are the group. He went back to Jennifer's office to make sure it was a good time for him to leave. The door was closed and I wanted to pretend that she was in there fantasizing about me taking her home from the Charity Event. 

She'd be all dressed up in a nice tight fitting black dress. It would hug her body to show off her perky little breasts and with her hair up a soft neck that wanted to be kissed. She'd have on a pearl necklace to give me a hint of what was to come, and high heels to really pronounce her height and her authority over me. Even though I am 6 feet tall.

She'd dream of me driving her home from the event and ask if I want any coffee before I went home. Maybe she wanted to show me her award for Manager of the Year in 1999. I'd gladly accept and as soon as she walked in the door she'd beg for me to ravage her. Just grab her throat from behind using my fingers to push her chin up. I'd press my waist against her ass with a pulsing cock vibrating between her butt cheeks. Emphasizing that in this moment she is no longer the boss.

Of course, this is my fantasy and not hers. I can only hope that be true. She did answer the door 10 seconds after he knocked on it. She also has a monitor in her office to watch the front desk. She could have been watching us the entire time. She would have known he was coming and had a full 30 seconds to adjust from whatever she could have been doing.

Jennifer answered, "Now should be fine. I just have to finish this conference call and I'll be out to help John if people arrive." 

Jake went ahead and clocked out. He quickly ran out the door and I was alone with Jennifer again. 

I remained out front and took care of a few more reservations. One guy asked for directions from Needles, California. I was in such a great mood I actually gave him great directions.. I still couldn't believe he was asking us for those directions. We're not a travel agency. He should be lucky I knew where he was. 

Jennifer finished her call and came back out. She opened by saying, "Do you think your Braves have a chance this year?" 

I replied, "I think so. The team's got great pitching and their still in first place." I was wondering what she really had on her mind. You can never tell with girls. 

Then at 6pm two vans pulled into the hotel. You could see the groups of girls beginning to unload from the van. They must have been 17-18 years of age. All of them wearing Adidas work out pants and white t-shirts. They had the team logo on the upper left part of the shirt. It appeared to be a wolf of some sort.

Most of them had their hair in a pony tail and they began unloading their duffle bags from the back of their vans. 

Jennifer commented, "I guess our group is here. I'll take the coaches if you want to direct the girls where to go."

I stood at the left side of the marble front desk and waited for the girls to come in. The coaches led the way and once the sliding doors opened to the hotel, it was a loud echo of voices. It sounded like I was walking into a sale at Forever 21. 

Each girl was excited to be here. They were talking about what they were going to do tonight. What hotels they wanted to visit. What boys they were going to meet and what stores they had to go to. 

I stood on the left side waiting for the go ahead from Jennifer to be sure all is well. After she got the Credit Card to pay for the rooms she gave me a signal that is was okay to get them their keys.

The phone rang and I answered it before I started to give out the keys. The guest needed to know how far we were form the strip. I informed them we were only 1 mile away and an easy walk to the Bellagio. 

The leader of the group was making eye contact with me and talking to the 3 other girls. I could see they were in need of something, but I had to finish my call before I could help. She began to giggle a little bit after one of the girls made a comment about me or something I was doing.

Finally I was able to satisfy the guests needs and promote my attention to the lead girl. She was 5ft 7. Bleach Blonde hair with a body that was of an athlete. She looked like Blake Lively in the movie Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants, but her face had more features. Her eyes were an ocean blue and I began to stutter as I asked if there was anything I could do for her.

"Well, my friends and I have never been to Vegas before and were wondering where to begin. We've only got 48 hours to enjoy ourselves. Being about our age, we're curious to know what you would suggest to do? She asked with a hint of curiosity. 

The other girl behind her mouthed the words to her friends, "or who?" The two girls beside her slapped her on the waist and shoulder. Responding with the words "Shut the Fuck Up" in a whisper tone.

I didn't hesitate and began answering their question before I could make myself look like a fool stating, "The tough part is you're underage.You'll have to take in a lot of what the hotels offer and bounce form hotel to hotel. Each one has distinct features with fun stuff to do. I'd imagine being sophisticated girls you'll want to visit the Casear's Palace Forum Shops. They have the best stores around and great spots to hang out. It is also located right next to the Mirage and Bellagio So you are in the heart of the city." I could see Jennifer giving a look at me of sarcasm wanting to roll her eyes.
