 This is Chapter 2 of John's Options: Boss or Soccer Team.

The story changes views. It is now being told from Ashley's perspective and becomes completely sexual. This part contains sex scenes and exhibits how I like to build up the moment. 

ASHLEY'S SIDE:

He came up out of nowhere. I freaked out and screamed a loud yelp, while jumping onto from the floor landing in the pillows by the headboard. 

Had he just gotten here or was he inside the entire time? I started searching my friends eyes for answers and you could see that they were all in on it. 

I had to respond well, but how was I going to manage this? There was no question I had to have him, and not only that I wouldn't mind a couple times before this trip was over. I just don't want him to think I'm some crazy slut. He just has something that is so genuine my body can't resist.

I could hear Lori pick up the phone and apologize to the Front Desk agent. Then she hung up the phone smirking at me and then looked over to John waiting for him to act. 

I continued to lay there staring him down and I decided to stay confident with my directive. I want him, he knows it and now that he's here. He'll have to come and get it. So I took a pillow and covered my top with it, still exposing my legs for him to gawk upon. 

John once again looked nervous. His throat was searching for moisture in order to get out whatever words he was about to say. 

He was so cute in that regard, but sexy from all of our standpoints. What more could we want from a guy. He was a college kid, mature and respectful. 

His hair was short and well groomed. He didn't have to use gel to keep it in place and that was very charming. His skin was tanned and his body was muscular. John was proportioned well in many areas. Still, on the skinny side, but strong enough to be a man. 

His eye brows and facial expression were quite handsome. He did not have any facial hair, but you knew he had to shave. Any one of us girls would be melting at his smile. 

Now here he was clearing his throat while moving his hand to grab my foot. I stretched it out to send a message that he was welcome to it. 

As he began to massage it he spoke, "Ashley, you've been an overpowering tease to me this evening." He paused for a couple second as I just blinked my eyes waiting for more.

"As your entire team has helped back you up in that regard too." John exclaimed while looking back at Lori, Kate and Becca. 

Lori laughed and said, "This last part was my idea." Quite proud of herself she sat up straight protruding her chest out toward John.. I was so upset at how I was blindsided, but I'll probably end up buying her a new jacket from BeBe after tonight.

"Be that as it may, I have to come clean on a few things that may ease some of your doubts." John stated.

My interest level rose greatly as I was very curious to know what he had been thinking through this evening. Becca came around the backside of the bed by the wall and sat down next to me. 

John continued, "When you first came to check in I was being asked out to a Charity Event by my boss. She was the other person with me at the desk." 

"Wow, that's awesome" intervened Kate from the side bed.

"Trouble is she is my boss, and while I do want to pursue that possibility I had to ignore any other affliction going on. So, when you all checked in and began flirting with me, I could not respond. She was right there watching the entire situation." John exclaimed with a sense of an apology.

"I was able to make her believe I didn't have an interest in any of you and that I'm just doing my job. That may be true and could have been at that point, but the persistent calling, and then the pool scene left me buckling at the knees. Your friend Becca over here does have one hell of a body. She did have a point a moment ago saying that I wanted her, because I did. 

Nonetheless, I desired all of you. Ashley and I have a special thing going, but from a physical attraction all of you are 10's. I'm in heaven to be around one of you not to mention four." John was nearly done and my heart was beating more heavily. Becca's hand reached over to give my hand a squeeze of excitement. Neither one of us showed any facial expression change. I decided to tickle his hand with my other foot. Then we just awaited John's next move. 

"I am glad Kate came up with this idea to lure me here. I've bowed down and you girls have me for the evening, but I need to set some things straight first." He looked around at each and everyone one of us for agreement. We all complied quickly with some head nods.

"I am to leave this hotel in 10 minutes. So I'm going to leave momentarily and comeback." John stated still in a question mood, so we gave him our agreement with a couple, "okays"

"Then I want you to realize I've never done anything like this before. So I want everyone to be comfortable with me here. Are you all in agreement that I should be here with all of you? John looked over at Lori and Kate.

They looked over at me raising their eye brows, basically asking permission to be apart of this. I knew I wanted John, but it didn't have to be exclusive. So I gave them a wink and a smile.

Kate looked back to John and took her turn agreeing, "I'm comfortable with anything that your comfortable doing John."

Lori followed, "I'm sort of like you on this. I've never had an experience with multiple people involved, but this is becoming a special moment and I want to be apart of it."

John swiveled his head back to Becca and didn't say anything.

"You don't even have to ask. What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas right?" she said with a hint of sarcasm to relive some of her own stress.

Then finally the look I had been searching for all evening came upon me. His fingers held my foot firmly and gave me a most sensual rub. 

Our eyes connected and I began to bend my left knee, dragging my left foot along my right leg and I moved it back and forth to tease John. I licked my upper lip with the tip of my tongue, still while staring at John.

He didn't say a word. He simply took his left hand that was rubbing by right foot and moved it up my calf around the side of my knee and up my thigh. His body started to climb over the top of me and I arched backward throwing the pillow aside exposing my entire body to him. While my body fell flat on the bed.

My Victoria secret bra and panties did very little to cover anything I wanted to hide, but thankfully that was exactly what I didn't want to do.

His hand moved around to my lower back and reached down under my panties to grasp my butt. He crawled right over me and I was a puppet in his hands. His eyes never looked away from mine and I never looked away from his. Face to face only inches apart he slowly moved in to press his lips to mine. 

He tasted like warm vanilla and I couldn't suppress the urge to grab him and pull him into me.

I moved my tongue against his lower lip and his met mine to enhance our senses. My right hand moved around his back pulling him against my near naked body. The khaki pants he wore could no longer hide the bulge asking to escape from his pants. So it was that moment where I gently pushed him away from my kiss to say something.

His eyes opened again to look into mine, completely unaware of our guests, and he shaking himself into reality with a small shake of his head. Then he was ready to listen.

"I want everyone to enjoy this evening thoroughly, but I get to go first." I professed as I moved my hand that was resting on my waist to graze along the edge of his crotch.

John pulled away and stood up in between the two beds. "Great, my last request is to respect each other and our privacy. Nobody has to know about this unless you want them to, but please keep it within your circle of friends."

"This is our circle of friends" laughed Lori. I was still coming back to reality dying from wanting to undress John. I managed to get out a smile of agreement. Along with the other girls that were able to verbally agree.

John then fixed his clothing and started to adjust his bulging penis in his pants. He looked right at me while doing so smiling. I said, "I'll fix it for you when you come back." 

"You're not making it an easier to appear professional here." John responded.

I thought I'd tease him even a bit more, so I spread my legs slightly apart and slid my fingers down underneath my wet panties. I touched my clit right in front of him covered still by the lace garment. 

John said, "You're wicked." He turned around heading around the corner and out the door after stating he'll be right back.

The door closed with a loud locking sound that hotel doors do, and all four of us reacted quietly in celebration. 

Lori looked back at Kate and mouthed the words "Oh My God" while shaking her arms. Kate responded back to her and to us looking our ways in mid sentence, "It's really going to happen. This is intense." Her chest was breathing a bit heavier and you could see her nerves beginning to get to her, but also a sense of being eager.

Becca was just smiling and looking at me. I think she was waiting for my reaction and I was ready to give it to her.

"I can't believe you sneaky little bitches!" I stated with gratefulness in my body language and tone of voice. "This could have gone south quite easily."

Lori cut me off, "There was no chance of that. He was here to check on a broken television, but if we sensed he wasn't interested in us, or you for that matter. We would have just let him fix the TV and be on his way."

Becca backed her up, "Yeah. Once he came inside he acted professional, but his eyes were all over us. So we went for it."

"I just have one more thing to say to you girls and that'll be it for me." I paused a moment waiting to gain their complete attention. After they were calm and serious waiting to hear what I had to say I remarked, "John's got the best passionate kiss I've ever had."

An eruption of comments started pouring out of the girls. Kate called me a lucky little whore. Lori was giving her opinion about how passionate it looked and Becca noted something else. She didn't miss a thing, and asked, "So did you like it?" and I could tell she didn't mean the kiss.

Lori and Kate may not have seen my groping of his crotch and they reacted as so. Both of them were looking at Becca like it was a stupid question.

I responded to Becca, "It'll do quite nicely."

Kate asked, "What are you talking about?"

Becca answered it for them, "Well. While our little slut here had a brief make-out session in her bra and panties right in front of us. She managed to get a feel for tonight's entertainment."

Both Kate and Lori stunned again backed Becca up, calling me a little slut with playful behavior. 

"Soo.....!?!?" Lori asked. She obviously wanted to know my opinion.

"Like I said, It'll do nicely." I said with a wide open smile and lifted eyebrows. It caught their attention and Becca''s too.

Becca then changed the course of our conversation by interrupting, "You know we should really talk about a few things before he gets back."

"You're right. I've never done anything like this before." I agreed. I began to imagine different scenarios and all of them were extremely different from the other. 

"Do you want to set a little plan? Or have an idea of how we should go about this?" I asked trying to gain consensus with everyone.

Lori said, "I wouldn't even know where to start if he cameback right now. So I would love that."

Kate responded, "I don't want it all mapped out but maybe just some suggestive ways to begin would be good."

Becca said, "I agree with Kate, So how do you want it to start Ash? You get him first."

I didn't really know what to say. It's not like I had any experience with this either. The one thing I did know was that their presence in the room did not bother me one bit. So I could do anything I wanted with John to get things rolling and after we finished they could fight over him for all I cared. 

However, that wouldn't be much fun. I also felt a strong connection with John and an idea that would test how strong that connection is came to me.

"When he gets back to the room I think we should all be wearing the same thing. Then we blindfold him. He'll then have to make out with each one of us for 10 seconds and then we'll ask him pick a girl. Whoever he picks goes first."

The girls liked the idea and gave suggestions on what to be wearing when he came back to the room. We decided on wearing our soccer jersey's and black panties.

Becca asked, "What if he doesn't pick you first?"

I said, "He will" a little bit arrogant, but I really felt connected to him at another level. The way we kissed had passion and desire that I had never felt before with any boy. I'd been with James from the football team and it didn't even come close to this. I had no doubt in my mind he'd know who I'd be. I would just have to hope he wanted me most.

Becca smiled a nervous look for me, but it appeared she hoped I was right. 

Lori came out of the bathroom wearing her jersey number 6 and a black thong. She did a little whirl around and said "Tad dah."

"You're too funny Lori." Becca replied. "This ain't a magic trick. Your about to get fucked silly. Unless, you've got a rabbit hidden in there somewhere."

"The night's still young. You never know." Lori responded laughing a bit.

"Okay. Okay. Let's get changed. Lori had the right idea, as she's the only one ready. John could be here any second." I urged to the girls.

Becca wasted no time and dropped her silk pajama pants to the floor and kicked them over to her side of the bed. Then she unbuttoned her shirt and took her bra off tossing them over with her bottoms. She already had on black panties. Kind of kinky too, with a lace pattern. Her ass was a nice athletic shape and I'd kill to have her abs. She was very slender but because her abs were so tight, her nice C cup tits looked like DD. Making her shapely figure look nothing short of an hour glass.

John was definitely in for a treat when he got to her, and I was a bit jealous as I watched her put her jersey on. Then I realized his attention never diverted from me and I needed to stay confident that I was his girl.

Kate had changed as well and was wearing her black panties but it had small pink hearts decorated around them. I guess that was as close to all black as she had. Kate for the first time seemed shaky. 

I guess we all had goosebumps waiting for things to begin. I walked over to Kate's bed and got dressed. Didn't take me much time as I just had to take off my bra and throw on the jersey.

I thought I'd chat with Kate as Lori and Becca were discussing what moves they were going to do to John.

"Are you nervous?" I asked in a reassuring tone. 

"Yeah. It's just been awhile. Can't wait actually, but thinking about this does make me nervous." She replied without hesitation.

"I know. I'm getting cold feet a bit myself, but then I just remember the kiss and it all goes away." I told her with confidence.

"He looked so in control. No delay in his actions and he just went after you. That's what I liked." Kate responded. It made me feel good about her motivation to carry on. 

Then without any warning the door opened to our room. Kate stood behind me and put her hands on my waist. Sort of hiding behind me, or making sure that I stood out. She rested her head on my right shoulder and watched as the door completely opened and walking in was John.

Becca and Lori stepped back and sat down on the end of the bed as John waked down the short hallway past the bathroom and into the bedroom. He was still wearing his uniform and he brought something with him. It was an ice bucket with 5 glasses and a bottle of Champagne. 

"We keep a few of these around in case a guest has a special request. Sometimes they have a need to celebrate a memorable occasion. I thought this evening might qualify." John smiled and set the glasses down on the table. 

He began untwisting the bottle and popped the cork off. Some suds came flowing over the top and they dripped to the carpet. As he poured the glasses I got up and walked over to my duffle bag. I unzipped the side pouch and took out my blindfold I kept for sleeping on a plane. 

He watched me take it out and lifted his right eyebrow. I could tell he liked my kinky thoughts and I bet he'd like my game as well. 

He began handing a glass to each girl and when we all had a glass in hand he raised his up toasting, "To taking the road less traveled. And thank God it took you four to my hotel."

We all yelled cheers and clung our glasses together. Each of us smiling, some giggling and then drank together.

John sat down in the only sofa chair in the room and relaxed looking at us four on the beds now. As we drank our eyes did a quick one two three over him as he did the same on each one of us.

"I guess this is going to be a team effort?" he said. Sarcastically, pointing out our uniforms.

"I hopped off the bed and walked over to him. Then I stepped between his legs spreading them open to make space for me. He set his drink down on the table and put his hands underneath my jersey resting on my hips. He was looking up into my eyes and I had a hard time not letting him continue. I dropped to my knees and was at eye level with him. I pulled the blindfold out and placed it on top of his hard on pressing against his khaki pants. His tie was the only part sort of covering it up.

"We have a small test for you before we get started." I began to instruct.

"And that is?" he questioned.

"You're going to wear this and kiss each one of us for a few seconds. After you've got a good feel for that girl, you'll move on to the next one. After you've tried all four of us, you'll pick one and she'll be the girl you'll start this evening's entertainment with." I finished with a playful smile and a quick wink that the other girls couldn't see.

I saw that he caught that and he smiled right back at me.

"Sounds like fun." John replied. 

I put my left hand down on top of his belt slightly feeling the head of his manhood and then used my right hand to pick up the blindfold. 

I stood up and walked around the back of the sofa. I placed the blindfold over his eyes and he helped make sure it was on straight. I tied it nice and tight so he would not be able to see out any crack or even be able to lift it enough to sneak a quick peek.

"Now you stay right here and keep your hands to yourself. We don't want you to be able to feel us with anything but your lips." I instructed a bit more.

He complied and reached for his Champagne glass. He was quite careful to feel for it and not knock anything over. He appeared quite relaxed and it made me feel so comfortable about how things were flowing.

I walked back around and had the girls get in line. I told them the order to be Lori, Becca, myself and then Kate.

"We'll begin now. So you just relax and keep your hands on the arms of the chair." I told him with seriousness in my voice. I really wanted him to obey otherwise it wouldn't be as much fun.

Lori walked over to him and she got down on her knees as well. She looked back at us giving us a confused look on what to do next. We gave her gestures to make your move or acted out some examples of how to do it. 

She turned back in and placed her hands on top of his hands. Then she lifted herself close to him slowly. Her nose rubbed against his nose and her lips lightly grazed the tops of his. She didn't open her mouth yet to begin kissing. Just simply slid her lips against his for a couple seconds. 

John stayed disciplined and did not take control of her lead. She then slightly stuck the tip of her tongue out to soften his lips. He then responded to the touch and began to kiss her back. She closed her lips around his and they slowly shared a kiss for about 15 seconds.
