 This is Chapter 3 - John's Options: Boss or Soccer Team. The story now unfolds from the view or Lori. Please read Chapter 1 and 2 before this otherwise it is not as good.



Ashley was just so comfortable about everything. I mean it was one thing when we first talked about this trip being a big party, or a getaway from our reality, but now we were in the middle of this fantasy.

I still don't even know how to act. John is hot in his own way, very athletic and a great smile. I would never believe for him to be hung like that. So that's a special treat for Ashley and the other girls. It's just freaking me out a bit. Becca was staring at that cock longer than it takes me to do my hair and Kate was in la la land playing with herself.

I'm infatuated about this moment, but I don't know how to handle it. The way Ashley went from flirting with him at check in. To a few phone calls and then a casual meeting by the pool, to my daring idea of getting him here paying off. I've just been stunned. I never thought John was going to take the bait. This kind of stuff doesn't happen. 

The make-out game was fun as that was a kid's game, and we all got to enjoy our moment. John was so soft and delicate with me. Unlike any boy I kissed before. Most boys I got with did not even knowing how to kiss. The last one had his tongue down my throat so far I gagged. 

John really knew how to handle a girl, and communicate his feelings openly with all of us. I just wish I told him the truth a moment ago. It'd be easier than confessing my lie. John asked how we felt, and all I could say was I'm anxious to be apart of the moment. How stupid was that?

I just wanted to watch and see the other three girls have a good time. I figured things would pan out where I didn't have to be involved. Boys have shit stamina. Now here he is with this cock that doesn't seem to quit.

Ashley just had the orgasms of her life right in front of me, and someone is next. I have to find a way to make sure Becca goes next. Maybe she can burn him out. I just can't let them know.

"Are you done back there, or do you need some help squeezing out a few more drops?" Ashley asked tilting her head back to pier over her shoulder, where John still remained with his dick resting on her butt cheeks. I don't think he wanted to move. He enjoyed having her bent over on all fours, with his cum dripping down her body. 

It was gross to look at, but perverted enough to make me horny. I understood that this could easily be me in a moments passing, if I would just let things unfold. But Ashley knew everything about sex. Her body was rolling with his thrusts. Her mouth could swallow him whole and she played the role well. She even let her hair out so John could pull on it while she was bobbing up and down on his manhood.

I don't know any of this. How could I. I'm a virgin for Christ's sake, and they all think I've been nailing Mike from the Basketball team.

Mike's been a great guy. Sort of dating, at a slow progression over the past year, but we've only recently begun taking it to the next level. He's so busy with the team, and maintaining a 4.0 GPA that we rarely see each other. Last month was the first time we did anything sexual. I let him go down on me, and that was his first time. It felt nice, but he had a lot to learn. Then a week later I got to practice my second blowjob ever. I got him off, and as far as he knew I was a pro. 

Over that year, however, Mike asked if he could share stories with the guys about us. I didn't really care if he did or not. I just told him keep it simple. I don't want to be seen as some slut. 

He promised all he cared about was not being viewed as a virgin around his friends. I was fine with that and I figured in time I might lose it with him anyway. So word got around that we were exclusive, and it got me involved in many more conversations with the girls. It's the reason I'm in the "it" group on the soccer team. 

So now here we are, in the middle of an orgy and I'm the beginning skier set off on a black diamond. Why couldn't I have come clean earlier?



John was kind enough to reach over and grab Ashley's wet towel from the shower and clean her up. I got to look and his tight butt as he bent over the bedside to reach for the towel. It had absolutely no flaws for his healthy body.

Ashley grabbed her panties lying on the floor, while she was flat on the bed. Then she rolled over to her back and slid her panties back on. She hopped up and shook her hair to get it organized. 

"Thanks for setting the stage Ash." Becca said to her, as she was just finishing teasing John.

Ashley was twisting her hair with her finger and stumbled over to my bed. She plopped down and leaned up against the pillows that Becca had earlier. She then started to stir things up a bit. 

"John. Who's next?" Ashley asked with a deep sense of curiosity.

"I'll be sloppy seconds." Becca said jokingly while leaning up against the armoire with her butt cheeks clinging to the edge. She was still twisting that lollipop around too.

"Fuck that shit, I went last in the first game. I'm not going last again." Kate feuded quickly and gave Becca a small push making her lose some balance.

"You won't have to be last, Lori can be last." Becca responded shifting the attention my way. Everyone's eyes were on me, and my lonely corner of the bed. So I innocently smiled back.

"I don't care when, I'll be ready and I'm certain John will be too." I smiled at John while trying to buy time. 

John looked over at me while sitting on the bed with his legs crossed over by the ankles. He had the bed sheet covering his pelvic region, while enjoying a can of soda. I still was staring at his ab muscles slightly flexed and his pectorals flexing from his arms resting behind his head when he wasn't having his drink.

John's glare had some lust to it and made me a bit nervous again. I gave a half smile to keep the feeling mutual. 

After all, I did want to experience something tonight, but just not sure how much.

"Girls, calm down" John stated and capturing our focus. "I already decided a long time ago how I'm going to keep this fair, even before the make-out game. I'm just going to have you draw straws or numbers."

"Yeah. Have them write their soccer jersey number down and put it in this laundry bag" Ashley instructed as she was reaching her hand out with the laundry bag she pulled from the end table.

John smiled and said, "Good idea."

"I want to know who he wants, not just some random drawing like I'm a lottery ticket." Becca exclaimed as John began writing our numbers down on the room notepad. 

He finished with the numbers and put them in the bag. My heart was racing now because I didn't know what to think. I was cheering for Becca to go next. I thought she could do the best job of draining him out. 

Then John looked up as he was shaking the bag and began explaining, "Look, there is different feelings I have for each of you. Becca, I have an infatuation for you because of your comment at check-in. The one about who you're going to do. Then of course the bikini teasing at the pool, which any guy would fantasize about.

Kate I want because I liked her kiss very much. It was creative and intriguing. It makes me want to experiment more. Then Lori, I feel is the delicate one of you four. It'd be a great change of pace. So, I don't desire any of you more than the other. I'm just enjoying the moment thoroughly....How's that moment going for you Ash?" John ended with a sarcastic question.

"I'll let you know when it's done." Ashley answered, leaving him the notion she wasn't finished.

John was done shaking the bag and reached in to pull out a number. My skin grew goose-bumps all over it. I was in a state of fear I had never experienced before. My heart was leaping up and down in my chest. My teeth almost began to chatter and my hand was shaking in small twitches. 

I kept swaying on the bed as I sat on it pretzel style with a pillow across my legs. I saw the number pulled out and it was double digits.

"Crap!" Becca yelled as she knew it wasn't her because she wore number 6. I couldn't tell what the number said because he moved it fairly quick. Then he stared at Kate and I began to calm down.

"Kate....." John began to say as she didn't wait and ran over jumping onto the bed. She landed right beside him by the head board. He wasn't quite prepared for that. Kate leaned over and kissed him quickly with her hands on his cheeks. He kissed her back but was holding the paper number high in the air above her. She stopped the kiss, and looked at him wondering why he had his arm in the air.

"Kate. You didn't let me finish. I wanted to say sorry you'll have to wait for next round because Lori is up." John teased as he showed the number to her.

Number 17 never looked so scary. Ashley gave me a nudge with her foot, smiling with her teeth showing brightly. She was so relaxed resting on the headboard with all the comfortable pillows. She had her hair around the front of her neck covering her breasts. 

Kate jumped off the bed and gave a playful nudge at John. She cursed at him, calling him a jerk. He laughed and she giggled back stating she'd get her revenge. He stared at her ass sticking out from her jersey as she strutted back to the other side of the room and got in the chair by the table.

I got up slowly and stood up between the two beds. I looked down at John lying down on the bed with his back resting on the headboard. He was so sexy staring up at me with just that sheet covering him up. 

So then I thought of a way I could buy some time. I reached my hand out to grab his hand. He offered his right hand to me and I gestured for him to stand up with me. He obliged and got up off the bed. The sheet unveiled his soft penis hanging down between his legs, as he rose up standing a good 6 inches above me. 

I leaned my head to my right side and stepped into him sliding my leg along his inner thigh, while leaning in I began to kiss him. Our lips locked and it immediately got my blood flowing. My heart raced with a desire rather than a fear. It was quite welcoming, but deep down I still was nervous of what was ahead.

He was into the kiss very much. It was a continuation of where we left off. It was nothing fast, but a passionate slow kiss. Our motions were in unison, but a delayed mode. His hands wrapped around my back pulling me up into his body. My small breasts pushed into his chest and my tits became hard as a rock at the feel of his abs. I could sense he felt the change and he reached around my back to grab my ass.

I was the skinniest girl of my friends. I didn't have much anything on me. I wore the only B cup bra of us, and I wore a size XXS Victoria Secret Panties. Which is like size 2 everywhere else. I did have a nice butt, but it was small. I got plenty of looks from the guys when I walked by them. So what John now had clasped in his hand was a high demand item at my school..

John didn't stop there though. As my lips melted in his mouth, he moved his hand up to grab my jersey.

I allowed him to have this as it would still go with my plan of attack. I stepped away from our kiss bringing my arms back in front of me. He then pulled up on my jersey exposing my flat stomach and then my tits followed. The jersey continued pulling my arms up into the air. John paused a moment using my jersey as a blindfold. He bent over and began kissing and sucking my tits. 

His tongue was an instant stimulator. I felt the rough texture of his tongue prickling every nerve on my breasts. My tits responded to each caress as they shot straight out into his mouth. John began to playfully bite on them as I stood there with the jersey covering my head and my arms straight up in the air. My pussy was now getting very wet, and I didn't want to lose my sense of control. I needed to gain back the momentum of this moment, so I lifted up my knee to graze along the outside of his thigh. It forced him to change his balance to keep me from falling. So he went back to removing the jersey from my body. My sight returned and I was there once again in front of him with nothing but black and pink heart panties on. I placed my palms flat on his pecks and rested my arms on his abs. I looked up at him one more time for a kiss. He looked down to me and we interlocked again. 

This time I began to pick up the pace a little bit. I used a bit more stimulation and pressed my tits into his chest while he clamped down on my lips. We were getting pretty heated up. I would suck his lower lip into my mouth and he would suck back in return. John was pleased with the action as I could feel his dick growing with each exchange made. I gave a good hard finish and let my lips slip away.

I dragged my hands down his chest and moved my right hand onto his balls. I began to massage them with my fingers lightly. Rolling each one finger to the finger, giving him an exotic tickle. He enjoyed this immensely as his cock popped straight up and was now tickling my stomach.

I backed off slowly and then we made eye contact and turned my smile into puckered lips. I dropped to my knees right in front of him while I continued staring into his eyes. I then peered down and had his enormous cock face to face with me.

"I just need a little snack." I said while staring right at his beautiful cock protruding between his legs. A little bit of a clear glossy substance began to come out. So I took a lick with my tongue.

It was a very strong taste, sort of like salt, but also like a sticky butter. Since it tasted okay, it made me crave more. I wrapped my two small hands around his foreskin and began to pump it back and forth over the head of his penis. 

I lapped his entire shaft with my tongue, making sure I got him nice and wet, as I continued to slowly stroke him. Some more flavoring would come out and that was my cue to take him into my mouth and begin sucking him dry.

Pump by pump I could feel him pulsing and trying to expand down my throat. John placed his hands on both sides of my head and began fucking my mouth. I could take a descent amount of him, but nowhere close to all of it. I probably got a nice 4-5 inches of him in me. I could feel his foreskin sliding in and out of my lips.

I let him face fuck me for a good minute, before I began to squeeze his balls with my left hand. I then grabbed his shaft with my right hand and allowed myself to pull away to get some air. I ducked underneath his cock to suck on each of his balls. His scrotum was resting on my cheek while I sucked on his nuts. 

As my mouth massaged his sack, I was pumping that soft skin back and forth. Part of it stretching over his mushroom head leaking cum down my hand, making it more lubricated. 

"Aggh. Yes baby suck it." John said with authority.

John couldn't stop moaning and the girls were making gestures to me as well. I knew I was doing a great job because they were all chanting at me. I got the approving Whore and Slut comments from each one of them. 

I had to agree. Here I was with John standing above me and I being his little whore begging for every drop on my knees. My perky little tits were pushing against his legs, and me wearing nothing but some black panties to cover my dripping wet pussy. I was imagining this cock sliding in and out of me down below, instead of in my mouth. Each pump was very stimulating and making me hornier.

So I had to finish him off, I dragged my tongue with a wide open mouth from his balls up his shaft to sliding his cock back in my mouth. All, while keeping my eyes looking up into his, making him feel superior to me. After a few more sucks I felt it. His entire shaft gave a bit of a back charge. Sort of like a gun does as it pulls the chamber back before it fires. Then he screamed in pure relief, " Aaagghhhuuuuuhhh...."

His load was bearable. I had a lot of saliva in my mouth, so I used it to swallow all the cum that erupted against my back throat. I never took his dick out. I wanted to get it all out. I sucked him so dry that he began to giggle from it when he got a bit soft. So he collapsed back down on the bed into a sitting position. I crawled over to him between his legs and finished cleaning him up with my tongue. I licked the little bit of cum that was on his lower stomach off him. Then I licked his shaft clean to be thorough.

I was a bit disturbed as his dick grew a bit in size with my final lick. So I stopped there and leaned back against the bed while sitting on the floor. 

"I liked how he tasted. Didn't you Lori?" Ashley asked still relaxed in her pillows. 

"Surprisingly, yes. Kind of like bread pudding." I explained with some detail.

Kate got involved by asking, "Can we just have a taste? We're dying over here."

John was looking at Becca and said sure. So Kate and Becca walked over and I made some space for them. His cock was limb still. Becca got on her knees on the outside of his right leg and Kate dropped down on his left. Becca was first to lay her hand on his dick. It was still small enough that it was hard for her to get a grip around it.

"Lori, you sucked the life out of him. This thing was like three times the size of this." Becca snarled at me. 

"You're a pro, I'm sure you can find a way to get it back. So I pushed myself up the beds edge until I was able to push myself up and on the bed again. I turned myself to lie down on my stomach and I took a cover to put it over me. Ashley's feet made space for me again, and we both sat back and got ready for the show.

Becca leaned in and began to suck on John with her perched lips. She had very succulent lips. Close to Angelina Jolie's in that regard, or DSL's in Man terms. So that is exactly what she was doing now. Using those Dick Sucking Lips to bring John back to life. Kate began to get in on the action as well. She moved around in between his legs and spread them open wider to give her a nice amount of space to work. She hunched down and started licking his balls. 

He began to roll his eyes into the top of his eyelids and shut them with delight. He looked like he was in heaven. Slightly moaning and humming with pleasure.

"We have a winner!" Becca exclaimed to all of us. She backed off him and showed a nicely grown penis. Kate licked her way up from his balls and coated his shaft with her saliva. She was able to get a hand around his cock and it was near full size. She took him in her mouth and started sucking on the head. You could see his growth protruding from inside her mouth, as it bulged outward, looking for a place to escape. She provided a new pathway for it to travel demonstrating her talent. Kate, swallowed him very slowly. Inch by inch she managed to get his entire schlong into her mouth. She must have deep throated the entire 7+ inches he was offering. Her bottom lip met the beginning of his balls. He pulled the back of her head into him and she was able to take it. 

John started to face fuck her for real. Harder than he did with me, and she couldn't take it all either. Kate started to gag and she had to back off. 

Becca quickly cut in and began to take care of him. She used her hands more. He was completely hard again, and she had both hands wrapped around his shaft. She was so petite like me, but her body was of a model. She backed off him for a quick second and ripped her jersey off. Her tits were picture perfect. She should be on girls gone wild. 

John was very interested now. Kate moved over to be at his side. She rested on his shoulder with her hands supporting most of her weight.

Meanwhile, Becca maneuvered herself right between his legs and they were spread wide open giving her all the space she needed to do whatever she wanted. John's eyes were just staring at Becca's perky C cup tits. They looked like half coconuts set on a flat table. She had flat abs, and mountains above that valley. John couldn't resist and began to squeeze and fondle them. Becca just squeezed his cock with her left hand, while remaining focused on John's eyes.
