 Rex came into the house at 7:15 and Jennifer started crying. She told him about her day and about the cabbie. She asked him if he thought she was a slut, and he told her no, she just needed to get fucked and the opportunity presented itself so she acted on it. She went on to tell his that she had called Lynne and she was coming to New Orleans on Thursday or Friday, and she was bringing Johnny with her. 

Rex thought to himself how nice that would be, he really looked forward to fucking her again, and he knew she loved it anywhere in her body, by anybody and he would call a group of his friends tomorrow and set up the gangbang that she would agree to. He wanted to fuck her, but he wanted to have the guys he played softball with to share her too. He had told them about Savannah and the type of whore she was, and he looked forward to it. They had been talking about this for over a year, and he knew she would be the one to fulfill it, plus he enjoyed using her himself. 

At 9:00 the phone rang, Rex answered and Robbin asked him if Jennifer was upset with him. Rex told him no, but she had fucked the cabbie who brought her home because she was so horny. Robbin asked to speak with Jennifer, and Rex handed her the phone.

"You angry with me baby?"

"No, Robbin, I'm not"

"Still going to have me over now and then?"

"Sure Robbin, why not, I was just horny after I got through sucking your cock and I needed someone."

"I told you baby, I would have called one of my friends."

"I don't need you telling your friends that I am your or anybody's whore."

"I didn't mean that Jennifer, I just was trying to help, I had a very important meeting at 1:00, and I asked if it would be okay if you just sucked me off. You didn't seem to mind when your were doing it."

"Robbin, I just needed you bad, but I ended up fucking some Mexican I'll hopefully never see again, and I couldn't wait to get a shower." "I still love ya baby, it won't happen again, I promise."

"Okay, Robbin. I'll talk to you later then. Here's Rex."

Rex took the phone and asked if all was okay, and Robbin told him that the girl had a hot temper. Rex agreed and told him he would see him at the sales meeting in the morning. Robbin told his that would be good, he had a date with his secretary tonight and he had to go.

When they hung up the phone, Rex thought of Beverly and knew she would end up getting fucked by that horse dick of Robbin's tonight, and he wished he could be there to work her ass again.

On Thursday morning, Jennifer got a phone call at 11:00 from Lynne telling her that she was about a half and hour away, and wanted to know how to get to her house. Jennifer gave her the directions and when she hung up she jumped up and down. At 11:45 she was watching out the window as the car pulled into her driveway, and she ran from the house to meet Lynne and Johnny. She and Lynne hugged and they kissed, when they stopped, Lynne introduced Johnny as her lover. Jennifer looked at Johnny, he seemed to be about 6'1" tall about 175 or so with white hair. She knew from Lynne that he was 75 years old but it didn't matter to her, she held Lynne as they walked to the house.

Lynne had told Johnny all about Jennifer and Rex. He even knew that Jennifer sported an afro around her pussy, and he looked forward to seeing it. She was dressed that day in cut off shorts, and a tee shirt saying something about a rock concert. She didn't seem to be wearing a bra but he couldn't be sure. He also felt that he knew Rex, he knew Lynne had spent two nights with them as well as a night with three other men, but he had known she was a whore before they started living together, and he loved her, and he knew she loved him. They would make love every day or at least every other day, and he didn't even have to put a lot of work into it, and she sucked a cock better than any woman he had ever known. In the three years they had been together she must have sucked his cock 400 to 500 times and even when she didn't she usually wanted him to cum in her mouth, a perfect woman he thought to himself.

When they got into the house, Jennifer told Johnny to sit and she and Lynne went to get him something to drink. They seemed to be taking too long and Johnny headed for the kitchen. When he walked in he knew what the problem was, they were locked in an embrace, and their hands were running all over each other. He smiled that he was right Jennifer had not been wearing a bra, as he saw her tits swinging free, and she looked over and told him "I'm sure that you need a drink, Johnny, but Lynne and I haven't seen each other and we were catching up."

Johnny told her, "I know Jennifer, I know how Lynne is."

Lynne told his to come and say hello to Jennifer, he wasn't being friendly. He walked over put his arms around Jennifer, and they kissed. She probed his mouth with her tongue, and he fondled her tits. He thought to himself how nice they felt, and how much bigger they were than Lynne's.

The three of them walked back into the living room together, Johnny sat down in a chair and Lynne and Jennifer sat close to each other on the loveseat. Lynne pulled her blouse open and tossed it aside as she told Jennifer to shed her shorts, she pulled her skirt down, kicked her shoes off and stood before everyone naked. Jennifer stood and started to remove her shorts as Lynne sat down and pulled her feet up and spread her legs apart, opening her pussy lips as she did. Johnny watched as Jennifer squatted down and began to lick at Lynne's cunt. Lynne looked at him and mouthed the words, I love you, baby.

Jennifer began to lick Lynne's open pussy, flicking her tongue on her hardened clit, kissing the shaved lips, licking along the lips and folds of her cunt and finally probing her asshole. Lynne groaned as she looked into Jennifer's eyes, she like most every one loved those green eyes. Jennifer did her best to please her friend and Lynne rewarded her by covering her face with her juices as she orgasmed. Jennifer left her face buried in Lynne's pussy and lay there while she ran her tongue deep trying to lap up all of the juices that Lynne had produced.

Jennifer sat back on her ass and looked at Lynne, then over at Johnny, her face shiny from eating pussy. Johnny told her, "Very nice girl, looked like my baby was very happy with that. Lynne sat on the loveseat with her legs spread wide smiling. 

She looked at Jennifer and told her "Come her, my love, I want to taste you." Lynne stood and hugged Jennifer as they kissed, she held her tits with her hands and bent down and took first on then the other nipple in her mouth and suckled them. Jennifer threw her head back as Lynne did this and enjoyed the feeling. Lynne continued this for 3 or 4 minutes, then began to work her way down Jennifer's body and she sank to her knees. When her face was directly in front of Jennifer's hairy pussy she took a deep breath, inhaling the scent of this woman's sex. Lynne loved the look or the pussy before her, unlike her own pussy which she kept shaved, this pussy had a very dense crop of black curly hair and she loved running her finger not only through it but into it exposing Jennifer's pink clit.

She leaned forward and began to kiss the lips of Jennifer's cunt, flicking her tongue out to experience the taste that had so captivated her when they first met. There was something about Jennifer that was different and she so loved licking her. Lynne pushed her tongue into Jennifer's pussy and she felt her pubes against her face, as her hands grabbed the dark haired woman's ass and pulled her tighter against her. Her tongue began to pay homage to this green eyed beauty as it covered her cunt. She pushed in deep and lapped inside her body, as she did she ran her fingers along the crack of her ass, searching for her beautiful ass hole. She discovered it and inserted a finger inside as she continued to lick Jennifer's pussy. She worked her finger in and out of Jennifer's ass as her tongue probed deep into her pussy. Jennifer started moanin and grinding her cunt against Lynne's face as she told her "That feels so good, my love, I love the way you eat me."

Johnny sat and watched these two beautiful women as his girlfriend had her face buried deep in the black haired womans cunt. He could hear the squishy sounds her tongue was making as she worked Jennifer's pussy. 

Suddenly Jennifer's knees buckled and she covered Lynne's face with juice as an orgasm as big as she ever had rippled through her body. Lynne lapped at her but Jennifer moved to sit down. Lynne looked at Johnny and he saw her face covered with wetness and it was dripping off her chin. He thought she must have cum more than any woman he had ever seen. 

Lynne looked at Jennifer, and told her "I love you baby. You tasted so good."

Jennifer said "And I love you, I have missed you so much."

Lynne moved to the loveseat and sat next to Jennifer and held her tight, as she leaned her head down and rested on her breasts. Lynne as usual, lay there with her legs spread wide as she reached down and started masturbating. Johnny told her, "Still horny, aren't you my little whore? I love you very much."

Jennifer laughed and asked him, "Well Johnny did you enjoy the show?"

"Yea, Jennifer you are a beautiful woman."

"Thank you Johnny, do you need some relief?"

He shook his head, "I will have to wait until later, I don't have the stamina I once did and I'm sure Lynne will want to say hello to your husband when he gets home."

Jennifer wondered what it was going to be like, fucking a man as old as Johnny. Lynne moaned and Jennifer looked at her as her body shuddered against her, and she knew her friend had just cum again. She laughed. Lynne moved her head and took her friends nipple into her mouth and began to suckle it. Her hands moved down her body, and she rubbed her thighs and played with her pussy hair. Jennifer parted her legs and Lynne began to play with her pussy. She let her nipple go and her head went between Jennifer's thighs and she began to lick her already wet pussy. She got to her knees and Jennifer spread her legs wide so she could eat to her heart's content. She looked directly into Johnny's eyes as his girlfriend ate her pussy, and she reached down and began to roll her tits with her hands and took her nipples in between her forefinger and thumb and twisted them both. She smiled and licked her lips.

Johnny smiled back and reached down and grabbed his cock through his pants. This bitch was making him hard as hell, but he could wait. He was going to fuck the hell out of her that evening. He hadn't had another woman since he and Lynne had moved in together and this was going to be a treat. This white woman was hot as hell. He still loved to watch Lynne have sex with other people, but he loved her to death and he loved those twin daughters of hers. Damn they were some fine women. They had become so used to having him around before they went to college they used to run around in just panties and tee shirts with their breasts swinging free. He had actually walked past their room one day and saw Kim getting dressed and she was naked. She like her mother was petite and blonde, a true blonde.

He turned his attention back to Jennifer and watched as she closed her eyes and spread her legs wider and begin to moan and he knew Lynne had brought her to another orgasm and he watched as Lynne continued to work her tongue over the pussy lips of the cunt before her. He wondered what tonight would bring.