 The men in the club pushed closer to Miranda as she stood there on the table. Several of them reached out to stroke her thighs or ass as she waited, growing less resigned and more excited with each stroke of a hand, for whatever came next. They watched appreciatively as her skin flushed from all the attention and when one man leaned in to lick her pussy through her panties the rest steadied her as her knees weakened from the contact. Before he could pull away Miranda reached down and pushed him forward again. Her hands locked around his head and she sighed, here was finally the release she'd been needing all night. Behind her she felt a pair of hands pulling her panties down to expose her ass. Two sets of hands now stroked her flesh there, kneading and pulling her cheeks apart to expose her. In front of her the unknown man was still lapping at her pussy, teasing her clit after every few strokes. No matter what Miranda tried to do though, she couldn't get him to finish her. Behind her, the hands continued their kneading and she felt a finger brush between her cheeks, pausing to press experimentally at the entrance.

Miranda looked around her, some of the men by now hand freed their cocks and were stroking themselves as they watched her being teased by these three men. Others had begun removing all of their clothes and were standing naked as they stroked their hard cocks. She felt a pair of hands slide down her leg and to her feet where they carefully helped her off with her heels. Miranda whimpered at the feel of a new pair of hands, but the sound quickly turned to a surprised, if pleased, yelp as she felt a second tongue on her now, probing her anus. Miranda's knees nearly buckled on her and the man licking her pussy wrapped his arms around her legs to steady her as this new exploration began. Her experiences with anal sex were limited, while she enjoyed it on occasion, it was still her pussy she preferred being fucked, but this, this was something new entirely. Tim had never shown any interest in doing this and she'd never gotten up the courage to suggest it. Whoever it was, it soon became obvious they had plenty of practice. The tongue passed over anus several times, gentle flicks, and long slow licks, then, without warning it paused and licked a little harder, pushing in. 

Miranda gasped, torn between angling back to the tongue causing so many wonderful new sensations on her ass or pushing forward to the persistent licking of her pussy. She looked around through the haze of her building orgasm to try to spot Tim, but she didn't see him in the crowd of men around her. As close as she was to the release she'd craved all night Miranda was unable to build up much concern for the thought that she was, it appeared, alone in a room full of men she didn't know without even her husband to protect her. Just as she felt the beginnings of the first tremor of her orgasm first one then the second tongue removed itself from her person. Miranda cried out in frustration at once again being denied this even as she looked down and saw the bartender who had been servicing her pussy so well pull her panties the rest of the way down her legs. He helped her down from the table and to step out of them, raising them to his lips to kiss as she watched. He then handed them off to the man next to him and she watched as her panties were handed from man to man, each man kissing or licking them before passing them on. As she watched this she could see out of the corner of her eye the few men still clothed removing the rest of their garments. 

"Now honey," the vice president said as he stepped forward, his cock standing straight out and beginning to leak, "I know you want nothing more then to have someone finish off that hungry pussy of yours, but we have rules here, you see." He gave his cock a stroke as Miranda watched, her eyes feasting on the different cocks now exposed to her. "Please," she said haltingly as her hands brushed up her stomach to raise her breasts suggestively to the men. "I just need to cum," she continued as her fingers pinched one of her hard nipples. She spied Tim then, coming back in from the hallway. Where had he been? 

Tim waved to her, displaying his own hard cock as he came up through the men to stand before her. "Been behaving then, darling?" he asked before reaching out to pat her on her thigh. Miranda spread her legs at his touch, pleading with her eyes for him to just touch here, right there. Shaking his head Tim reached up and twisted one of her nipples hard enough to bring tears to her eyes. "Now, now, darling, there are rules. You just behave and you'll get exactly what you want." Tim stepped back then and Miranda felt a man on either side of her grab her arm. She looked to one side and saw the bartender, still wearing his friendly smile as her eyes lowered to take in his cock. She licked her lips as she saw it, one of the most perfect cocks ever, she thought to herself. Already she could taste it in her mouth, smooth and salty, filling her perfectly as it slid between her teeth. Her knees weakened at just the thought of kneeling before such a specimen and servicing it as it deserved.

The whole group laughed as they watched her checking out their fellow club member's cock. "Show her yours, George," one of the men called out, "If that impresses her surely she'll swoon over you." Miranda looked around, trying to remember who George was. She didn't have to worry though, George was right at hand. The bartender released her arm and the other man holding her swung her around to face him. Even before she looked down she could feel his cock brushing her stomach. George, the big man she had noticed earlier, didn't wait for her to look on her own though, he pushed her shoulders down, sending her to her knees before his massive cock. Miranda stared, open mouthed at it, it was, by far, the largest cock she'd ever seen. She trembled as it stood out proudly before her face. She'd never fantasized much about a large cock, she'd had too many friends say it was usually more uncomfortable then pleasurable the first several times. Still, looking at it now, the head a nice red color, the shaft straight, Miranda was unable to resist leaning forward and licking the salty precum off of it. 

Above her George groaned in pleasure and wrapped his fingers in her hair to pull her forward. Hesitant, Miranda opened her mouth wide and felt the head of his cock push past her lips. It wasn't possible for her to take much of him in her mouth, but she leaned forward, licking the tip of his cock and allowing him to rock it back and forth in her mouth. Around her the men were talking, commenting on her willingness to eat cock. She ignored them, didn't really hear them as she focused on the feast before her. Just as the two developed a rhythm that appeared to work best though she felt hands on her shoulders pulling her away. George's cock came out of her mouth with a pop and she made a frustrated growl as she tried to pull away from the hands and return to it. 

"Now, darling," she heard Tim say as she struggled with the hands holding her back, "You don't want these nice men to think you're some kind of a slut do you? Really, if you keep that up they'll begin to believe you're nothing but a cock sucking whore." Tim's voice hardened as he spoke and Miranda felt a familiar thrill run through her. This was just another of their games. He knew how turned on she was to be talked to in such a manner and she enjoyed playing the part of his slut, being degraded as he pounded his cock into her willing mouth. Miranda shook the hands off her and turned to look at Tim. She raised one of her breasts to her mouth and looked right up at him as she ran her tongue over her nipple. An almost unanimous groan filled the air as she did this and when she released her breast she crawled over to where Tim stood, his cock sticking out proudly before him. She kissed the top of his foot and then his ankle. The club watched as she worked her way up his leg, but just when she was about to bring her lips to his cock a hand grabbed her hair from behind and jerked her gently away.

"No, honey, not yet," the voice of the vice president said chidingly. "Remember, we have rules." Miranda gave another frustrated growl, but allowed herself to be moved. She was brought back to the table she had stood on at first and laid back on it. She could feel different cocks rubbing up against her and the men were all liberal with their caresses. Sighing in anticipated pleasure Miranda did not notice until she tried to move one of her legs that they had been secured to the legs of the table. She struggled then, but George leaned down and gave her cheek a little slap as he raised her arms over her head and said, "Behave or none of this for you," and brought his cock close enough to her mouth to allow her a quick lick of his balls. "Besides," the vice president added, "Surely you don't mind leaving that pussy of yours exposed so we can all see it, do you, honey."

Miranda shook her head and looked up at the men surrounding her. She looked for Tim and found him at her shoulder. "Just relax, darling," he said as he began stroking his cock. She looked around the circle and saw all the men doing the same. Some of them watched her as they did it, some of them were looking at the other cocks being touched, but all of them were rapidly approaching release. Miranda moaned and tried to arch her back up against her restraints. She parted her lips and whispered, "Oh, oh, yes," as she realized what was going on. Seven men were about to unload their cum all over her body and Miranda relished the thought of it. The vice president, who had been standing between her legs had increased his speed and he said, as he gave a final stroke to unleash his seed on her, "Now, gentlemen, give it to her." 

Watching as cock after cock unloaded onto her, Miranda cried out as cum rained down on her. She could see it hitting her stomach, her breasts, feel it on her thighs and her pussy. She turned her head and saw George, still stroking his large cock and as she watched he released his own flood onto her waiting body. He covered her face in his cum, she could feel it hitting her cheeks and her head turned, mouth opening to try to catch at least a drop on her tongue. As if this was the sign he had been waiting for, George closed the distance between them and shoved the head of his cock between her lips so she could feel the last spurt enter her mouth. Around his cock Miranda moaned, greedily licking and sucking every last drop from him. When he was done he stepped back a little and took a handful of her hair to wipe his cock clean. The other men then did likewise. Softening cocks coated her hair with the remains of their cum and the whole time Miranda writhed in pleasure on the table for them to see. Her pussy ached however for release and when the men were done she looked up lustily and begged them all, "Please, oh, please now, let me feel something. A hand, a tongue, a finger, a cock. I need to cum before I die." 

Chuckling the vice president said, "Now, honey, I said there were rules," and he turned and motioned Tim forward. "You know the rules, Tim," he said as the men stepped back to give the two of them some space. Nodding his head Tim knelt down beside Miranda and kissed her as the rest of the men found room on the couch or pulled chairs over to watch. Slowly Tim's mouth moved from her lips to her cum splattered cheek. He licked at her skin, wiping her clean, moving to catch the drop on her ear and then working his way down her neck. Miranda watched, half in shock, as her husband worked his tongue all over her body, licking and sucking the cum off of her. She'd never seen this side of him before, had always assumed he had no desires for this sort of thing at all. Still, as her body became increasingly aroused at the touch of his mouth a part of her wondered at the way he performed his task with such enthusiasm. Perhaps this was not the first time he had tasted a man's cum? 

The thought of Tim with his mouth wrapped around some other man's cock brought a loud groan of pleasure from Miranda's lips. She looked around and saw the men avidly watching the cleanup process. Occasionally one of them would call out when Tim missed a spot and he would dutifully return to lick off the missed bit of cum. After what seemed an eternity he reached her pussy. First though, he licked her thighs clean. Miranda squirmed on the table, pulling against the ties holding her down and said when she could get a coherent word out, "Now, please, Tim, make me cum. Please, lick my pussy clean." Tim raised his head to look at his wife and then he looked over at the vice president who nodded ever so slightly. Tim lowered his head to his wife's pussy and licked in one long slow stroke. Miranda's hips bucked and she cried out an inarticulate cry of pleasure as she finally received what she needed. 

Tim licked and sucked her pussy until it was clean, his tongue sliding between her lips to enter her wetness, to be sure he didn't miss a drop of cum. Her whole body shaking, Miranda opened her eyes to see the bartender standing over her stroking his hardening cock. Without waiting for any sign she opened her mouth wide and waited. Smiling down at her in a pleased way, he straddled her and began feeding her his cock. She sighed around it, her tongue running up and down the length of him as he stroked it back and forth into her mouth. She'd been right, it tasted perfect. He fucked her mouth evenly with long slow movements even as her husband finally settled his attention on her aching clit. His tongue flickered out to touch it causing Miranda to jump and pull against her restraints. Again and again he did this even as her mouth was being assaulted by another cock. She felt the first twitch of the cock just as Tim's lips locked around her pussy and his tongue attached itself to her clit licking it faster and faster until she screamed around the cock in her mouth with her release. 

Her whole body bucked up as Tim kept his mouth on her pussy. Above her, the bartender groaned and pushed farther into her, feeding her his whole cock. She could feel his hairs pressed against her and she just opened her mouth wider to take him in, welcoming the assault the same way she welcomed the continued touch of her husband's tongue on her needy pussy. The bartender grunted just as her husband brought her off again and he filled her mouth with his cum as she shook under him, her lips parted in a scream of pure pleasure. She kept sucking even as he finished, her tongue licking the head of his cock, being sure to catch every last drop of his cum. Finally, he pulled out of her mouth and she made a disappointed sound. 

The whole group laughed as both men stepped away from her. Miranda lay there, gasping and trying to recover from her orgasms, even as she looked around at the newly hardened cocks surrounding her. Her mouth opened and closed several times as the men watched, some of them stroking their cocks openly. She watched in shocked surprise as her husband walked over to the couch where the vice president sat and took the man's cock in his hand to stroke it gently. She moaned louder as she saw what happened next. Tim kissed the man and then lowered his head to his lap. Miranda felt her nipples tighten and her pussy respond to the sight of the cock that was slowly disappearing between her husband's lips. This was definitely not something she had ever expected. The vice president looked over at her as his hands stroked Tim's hair. 

Miranda watched as her husband swallowed cock, obviously not the first time, but she'd never had a clue. She felt hands on her arms and legs and drew her gaze away to see a couple of the men releasing her from her bondage. They helped her to stand and she stumbled a little, falling into one of the men, moaning as his cock brushed up between her parted legs. The man thrust forward once, his cock sliding over her clit and causing her to gasp. Then, reluctantly it seemed, he pulled her away and turned her around to walk her to where the vice president was being serviced by her husband. Once she was standing before them the vice president pulled Tim off of his cock. Tim looked up at Miranda as he wrapped his hand around the base of the cock he had just had in his mouth. Behind her, one of the men helped her to straddled the vice president's lap, going so far as to reach between her legs and spread open her pussy. Miranda looked down, watching as she was lowered onto this cock that her husband guided into her.

The vice president grunted as he felt his cock slowly pressed into Miranda's pussy. Once he was halfway in Miranda saw Tim pull his hand away and move over some so he could watch. He leaned forward and kissed her before turning her head towards the vice president's. She leaned forward, rubbing her breasts against him as she felt his cock throbbing inside her. Little moans of pleasure came out as his hands reached behind her to knead her ass as he invaded her mouth with his tongue for the first time. Her nipples ached, hard and erect, as they brushed over the hair on his chest. He continued caressing her ass for a moment, only stopping when she felt a second pair of hands on her there. Then he raised a hand to her head, turning it away. She saw then the man standing behind the couch, his cock leaking as he waited his turn. Miranda leaned forward even as he did and her lips parted to welcome his cock into her mouth. A new rhythm had to be found as this new man worked into the scene, his thick cock poking between her lips as she bounced up and down on the cock beneath her. 

As she did this she felt the hands on her ass grow more insistent. They parted her cheeks, exposing her anus to the cool air of the room and causing Miranda to whimper around the cock being fed to her. Then she felt the tongue again, snaking up the crack of her ass to circle around her opening and press inside. The cock popped out of her mouth at the surprise of this and she moaned out, "Oh, yes, do me there," before the man captured her head and shoved his cock back between her lips. As the vice president continued pumping in and out of her pussy she felt something cold against her ass. A well lubed finger snaked up into her ass, stretching and testing before a second was added. Miranda grabbed the hands of the vice president from where they rested on her thighs and brought them to her breasts. He groaned his approval as his fingers dug into the flesh of her breasts. Above her the man she was so diligently fucking with her mouth stiffened and unloaded between her lips. Miranda sucked him eagerly until he pulled away, but she needn't have worried about an empty hole for another man was right behind him. His cock was a little thicker, but Miranda leaned forward eagerly to taste it. Just as he pushed past her lips for the first time Miranda felt the fingers in her ass slip out. Sighing in disappointment around the new cock she stiffened as she felt the head of a cock press against the opening the fingers had just left. 

The vice president must have felt her stiffen, for he released one of her breasts reluctantly and slid it down between them to find her clit. Miranda sighed around the cock in her mouth and leaned forward, pausing in her bouncing on one cock to allow the third to enter her. She groaned as it parted her slowly began to work in. She felt the vice president's cock twitch inside her and she wiggled against him as the third cock worked inside her. She felt it when the head pushed past finally and she relaxed as the man paused to give her time to adjust. Meanwhile, above her, the man had not paused in his wild fuck of her mouth. She ran her tongue over him and raised a hand to begin to stroke his balls while he fucked her. Eventually she managed to begin to fuck the cock in her pussy as the man behind her worked his cock slowly back and forth into her ass. She looked up at the man fucking her mouth just as he looked down to watch his cock disappear between her lips and seeing her looking up he immediately lost the little control he had left. He grabbed her head and shoved his cock into her mouth as far as it would go until he filled her up. Miranda had to swallow several times to ensure she did not lose a drop of his cum. 
