 I had been chatting to a local couple for a few weeks, getting to know each other with the ultimate desire to fulfill her fantasy of having 2 guys pleasure her every need, telling one another of our likes and dislikes, what we wanted to do and enjoy, no one mentioning anything bi which I would liked to have heard but never bringing it up for fear of ruining any future happenings, eventually feeling like we were all happy and ready to meet, firstly for a drink only to put a face to our talks and to soften the nerves.

We organized to meet at a bar close to their place around 7pm, a decision they made, telling me it would save time when the already planned desires to play engulfed us! I told them I would wear blue jeans and a white top and would be there waiting.

I arrived around 6:30, ordered a drink before finding a booth on the edge of the dance floor. As I sat sipping my drink, my mind recalled the images of them both on the website, him with a smooth fit body and a nice looking cock I guessed at about 6-7" that I couldn't wait to have near me and her with long wavy red hair, firm looking c cup breasts and a smooth pussy i just wanted to please for hours.

Right on 7, I saw what had to be them, an attractive, fit looking guy leading a gorgeous red head towards the bar, watching every step she made with her very short black skirt wriggling on her arse. They ordered a drink each, glancing around the bar, quickly noticing me with a happy and pleased smile, swiftly heading to me.

As they reached the table he shook my hand saying he was Mike, as I gave my name, Jason and of my joy to meet them, motioning them into the booth. As Mike moved past me and into the seat, I looked back to find a beautiful face inches from mine as she spoke with a breathy voice saying she was Cindy before pressing her lips hard to mine as I delighted at her soft sweet lips for a short moment until she broke away, telling me she was thrilled to meet me and hoped I still wanted to help Mike please her as she slid her arse across my now bulging crotch, letting out a little moan, giving me a lustful glance before turning to Mike telling him I sure feel like I'm ready to help.

Once we all got comfortable, Cindy seated between Mike and I, the conversation quickly turned to sex. Mike looked at me running his hand under Cindy's skirt as he asked me if I wanted to fuck his wife? Without any hesitation I agreed, saying I wanted to so badly and that her body was driving me crazy! I asked him if he wanted me to fuck his wife, surprised when he said it was Cindy's choice, even more surprised when before Mike had finished speaking Cindy had her hand down my jeans, finding I had nothing else on, grasping my stiff shaft and looking into my eyes with only a moan of delight escaping her lips. This telling me what I wanted to hear.

As Cindy began to squeeze and stroke me, I noticed Mike now lifting her skirt to reveal she also had nothing else on, giving me a perfect view of her smooth, rather wet pussy. Mike pulled Cindy's leg over his, guiding his hand up her thigh, not stopping as slowly but easily he slid 2 fingers completely inside her, holding them there as she quivered in pleasure before sliding them from her, quickly bringing them to my lips, letting me slide my lips over them as I enjoyed my first taste of her sweetness, not letting on my equal thrill at sucking Mike's fingers.

Cindy moaned in delight again saying how hot that looked as she turned and kissed Mike before moving her hand from my cock and onto Mike's, lifting her leg over mine, spreading her now dripping pussy before me. In a flash I slid my right hand around her waist and down over her pussy, easily sliding 2 fingers inside her silky smooth lips, working them in her wetness, gently running my left hand under her tight shirt and giving her breast a gentle squeeze when I felt Cindy's hand on mine, gripping my hand hard as she let out a moan letting me know she liked her tits squeezed hard!

We continued like this for a short while when Mike tried to get his pants open, telling Cindy to suck his cock! She stopped him, saying it was time to go home and let our lustful desires come to life. At that, Cindy pulled my fingers from her pussy, brought them to her mouth and sucked them clean while she straightened her skirt and top.

Mike slid out of the other side of the booth saying he would call a taxi, leaving Cindy and I there as I stood up, Cindy slid her hand onto mine as I helped her up, she stood up close to me as our lips met, sliding our tounges over each others, enjoying a passionate kiss before feeling her fingers entwine in mine, breaking the kiss as we headed to the door, holding hands like lovers. As we walked out the door I felt a slight unease when Mike looked at our joined hands until he gave me a wink, Cindy also pulling me closer.

Now standing with Cindy leaning against me, gently moving her arse crack along my throbbing shaft,I leaned into her neck, softly kissing and sucking up to her ear and back down to her collar bone, listening to her little noises of pleasure, not wanting to stop when Mike shouted the taxi was there, looking up to see him holding the back door open. With our hands still holding, Cindy led me to the car, sliding in beside her as Mike closed the door and sat in the front, giving the driver directions. 

Before the taxi had moved, Cindy pulled my hand between her legs, spreading them open wide and pushing my fingers deep inside her pussy, using them to fuck herself. She tried hard to keep quiet, unable to hide her moans of pleasure I pressed my mouth hard to hers, our lips and tounges wildly thrashing on each others when I heard the driver comment to Mike that it looks like his friends are keen for a good night, hearing Mike's reply that it sure does, going on earlier events I reckon they are going to get no sleep! I now knew Mike had no problem with me having his wife, the desire to have her to myself at times in the night had earlier been unsure but now I had a seeming green light for such pleasure.

Before long I had made Cindy cum on my fingers twice, both times she almost bit my tounge or lips off, as we pulled up at their house, Mike telling us to go inside while he paid the driver. I helped Cindy from the car, letting her lead me to the door, grinding myself against her arse while she opened the door. Once unlocked, Cindy pulled me inside, dropping to her knees, pulling my jeans down, releasing my shaft with a spring that had it almost on Cindy's lips, gently wrapping her hand around it when Mike walked in and closed the door, Cindy dragging him beside me, also pulling his pants down, wrapping her other hand around him.

As Cindy began to lick us both in turn, the sight was awesome, loving her lips teasing me, also not trying to get caught, I also loved the look of Mike's cock, wanting to drop beside Cindy and help her suck his cock until it exploded over us instead enjoying the feel of her hand stroking my shaft, occasionally sliding her lips on me.

With my legs tiring, I said I needed to sit down, Mike agreeing, lifting Cindy to her feet and leading her out a door, Cindy grabbing my hand, leading me close behind, we soon entered their bedroom where Cindy pushed Mike onto the bed and climbed up onto him, giving him a long passionate kiss, wriggling her arse, her pussy just flicking the knob of his cock, I fulfilled the night long urge to slide inside her as I moved on the bed behind her, straddling Mike's legs until I had my knob resting at her entrance.

Teasing her pussy, I slid my knob up and down her slit, listening to her moaning into Mike's mouth when I felt Cindy grasp my cock and guide it into her pussy, making me let out a moan of pleasure, trying to keep quiet as I felt her lips slide over my knob before Cindy thrust back onto me. It was so much better than the warm silky feeling I imagined, apologizing for my loudness as I bellowed how good her pussy felt on my cock. With Cindy also moaning loudly, Mike said to be as loud as I want, saying Cindy loves to hear her lover's pleasure while he is fucking her!

I picked up the pace, slamming my hips into her arse, pounding my shaft deep every thrust into her. Having never been a very vocal person, I found it natural and erotic that I now freely shouted my feelings of pleasure, saying how I loved her pussy on my cock, telling her to take all my shaft. This spurred Mike on, joining in the loud commotion by telling me to fuck her pussy hard!

With Mike telling me to fuck his wife's pussy, Cindy began to buck wildly against me as she let out a scream of pleasure, telling us she was cunning, begging to fuck her harder. I tried to fuck her as hard as I could until I she bucked her hips wildly, cunning hard on my cock, her juices gushing around my shaft, drenching me down my legs. This brought me to the edge as I felt my balls tighten, pulling Cindy's hips hard to me as I let it known that I was about to cum. About to slide from her pussy, Cindy begged me to cum inside her, telling me to fill her up, Mike agreeing, telling me to unload in her pussy! 

Even though I was trying to hold back my orgasm as long as possible, having both Mike and Cindy telling me to cum in her pussy made me cum immediately, thrusting every load into her pussy, feeling it running from her, oozing down her thighs until I emptied every drop into her.

Once Cindy felt the final pulse inside her pussy, she slid from me, letting another load of our mixed cum run down her legs and drip onto Mike's legs. Cindy sat up off Mike's chest as she guided Mike's cock into her pussy, making sure she had him ready to enter her before driving down onto him hard, taking him fully. With her pussy dripping wet with her and my cum, she fucked him hard and fast from the start, slamming onto him while screaming that she was going to fuck him so hard, that she wanted another load inside her pussy.

Still behind Cindy, I reached both hands around her, squeezing her tits hard, pinching her nipples as hard as I dared. While still riding Mike hard, Cindy looked back to me, pulled my face to hers, told me to be as hard as I like with her tits, she would tell me if it was too much before pulling our lips together, kissing wild and hard, biting at each others lips while I gripped her tits so hard, occasionally squeezing her nipples between my thumb and forefinger. Being able to do this started to make my cock grow again, letting it rub against Cindy's arse while she rode Mike, not sure if Cindy noticed it.

All this drove Cindy wild as she started shaking in orgasm, grinding her pussy on Mike's cock cumming harder than before, her juices soaking the bed under Mike's arse. She kept riding that cock as she had what I guessed to be at least 4 or 5 more orgasms until mike began to thrust hard up into her, letting our a groan as her unloaded his hot cum deep inside her!

After Mike had emptied his load, Cindy slid from him, falling beside Mike, her legs spreads wide open and our mixed cum still oozing from her pussy. Cindy looked at my now hard cock, slid her fingers over her pussy, spreading her lips open, telling me she wanted more! As much as I wanted to bury my cock into that silky sweetness, I wanted to taste us so bad from her, running my hands up her thighs as I lowered my mouth to her soaked hole. I heard her let our a lustful moan before my tounge touched her, taking it as a sign to go ahead.

As I moved closer to her pussy i could smell the sweet aroma we had created, taking in the awesome sight of our loads glistening inside her as she spread her pussy even wider. My tounge met her pink folds with a quiver along her hips. I pushed my tounge deep inside her, both of us moaning, her at the feel, me at the taste. Starting slowly, I licked deep inside her, sucking her pussy in my mouth. Cindy begged me to tounge fuck her, to make her cum on my face. I had full intentions to do such, starting to lick further up and down her slit, stopping at times on her clit, flicking my tounge over it as she pulled my face into her, driving my tounge deep as I could until she gripped my head with her legs as she came hard over my face, again soaking the bed.

Once she had slowed down, I moved from her pussy, sliding up beside her, Mike on the other side. Mike gave Cindy a kiss, looked at me saying he loved to watch me clean out her pussy and wanted to see it again! I said I either needed a rest or Cindy was to sit her pussy on my face. Cindy needed no prompting as she lowered her pussy to my lips, also facing my cock and stroking it as I spread her open and began another assault on her pink wetness.

Before long Cindy began to ride my tounge, rubbing her pussy against me. To my delight Cindy's juices flowed so much more as she rode me, thrilling me with as much as I could suck from her. Suddenly Cindy started getting dirty, telling me to eat her cunt, to make her cunt cum!

I was doing my best, eating her as wildly as I could, getting to a point I drove my fingers inside her pussy to give my tounge a rest which Mike noticed, loudly telling us his cock could make her cum, demanding Cindy come ride his cock! Cindy denied him, telling him to come fill her cunt, to come fuck her while I tounge her clit!

Mike quickly knelt over my face as I spread Cindy open, ready for him to slide in. I watched in eager anticipation as I saw his shaft disappear inside Cindy's pussy barely an inch from my face until he was fully in her, slowly sliding almost out before sliding all the way back in. Gradually he picked up the pace, now starting to fuck her hard and fast, quickly bringing Cindy to orgasm, her cum gushing around Mike's cock and onto my face, causing my tounge to return to her clit, licking and sucking her as she reached orgasm over and over again, covering me again. Mike kept up his fast pace, causing my tounge to slide from clit to cock everytime he slammed into her. Mike asked if licking his cock was good which I assured it was.

Cindy heard this, while between orgasms she asked me if I was at all into playing with a guy as Mike was bi. With a reply of joy I told them both I was bi also and keen for bi play, that's why I enjoyed eating our cum from your cunt!! Mike was still pounding her cunt, almost ready to cum when I begged Mike to cum in my mouth which Cindy agreed to, telling him to cum in me! Soon Mike pushed Cindy off him, sliding swiftly from her cunt into my mouth. Within a few thrusts I felt Mike shoot load after load in my mouth, still working his shaft in and out of me, Cindy telling me to swallow every drop which I did with delight until Mike was spent finally sliding from me as Cindy, now facing me, gave me a long hard deep kiss for what seemed like ages.

After tasting her husband from my lips, she now worked her way down my body, eventually sliding her lips over my shaft then licking and sucking her way down the base of my cock until she now had my balls in her mouth, making me writhe in pleasure when I felt Mike slide his lips down my shaft until his lips sucked hard against my base before coming back up where he and Cindy took turns licking and swallowing me.

After a while, I felt only a hand working me before I felt what I thought was Cindy's pussy sliding down my shaft only to be surprised when my head was turned to find Cindy laying beside me, giving me a short kiss before asking if I liked my cock inside Mike's arse which I gave a definite yes to, saying I loved every moment, telling Mike to ride my cock. Mike assured me he would, telling me to cum inside him without letting him know.

As Mike rode up and down my shaft, I looked down to the pleasing sight of my cock disappearing in him, also listening to Cindy now moaning I also noticed Mike slamming his fingers into her, making both of us moan with delight beneath him. Cindy wanted more, she wanted her cunt eaten!

Mike told her to lay down so he could eat her cunt, moving off me and between her legs, telling me to slide my cock back into him! As Mike quickly ate Cindy's cunt wildly, making her arch her back with pleasure, I moved behind Mike, rubbing my knob up and down his arse before finding his hole and resting against it, slowly sliding my tip into him. Once I was slightly in Mike's arse, I grabbed his hips and pulled him to me, sliding my cock fully inside, holding there in a feeling of bliss as I watched him eat Cindy.

I soon began to slide in and out of Mike, gently picking up pace to the point I now pounded him like I had his wife earlier. All three of us were moaning loudly, me saying how good Mikes arse felt on my cock, Mike moaning into Cindy's cunt and Cindy screaming at Mike to eat her harder, to make her cum and telling me to fuck Mikes arse! As I could feel myself ready to cum, Cindy let out a cry in ecstasy as she came hard on Mikes tounge, driving me crazy as I pulled him harder onto me, driving the last few thrusts deep in Mikes arse before holding myself deep inside him as I shot my hot load inside him, all falling in a sweaty cum drenched heap on the bed.