 The unmistakable smell of leather is the first thing to reach my nose, quickly followed by the telltale sign of her perfume. Inhaling both smells puts a smile on my face. My mind races with the possibilities of what she was wearing. It could be a sexy tight mini skirt that hugged all the right areas, or maybe leather bra and panties set. I have no choice but to sit and wait, naked, tied to a chair, and blindfolded in our bedroom. The open French doors letting in the tropical breeze and smell of the beach along with the rhythmic crashing of the waves on the shore all fill my senses.

"Your mind is going crazy right about now," her voice purrs in my ear sending a shiver down my spine.

Following instruction I only nod my response. She caresses my cheek with tips of her leather gloves. Taking my face in both hands she tilts my head back gently brushing her lips over mine. Reaching for more with my tongue I find only empty space.

"You greedy man, you think I am going to give it all at once? You are mine to tease for the night," the last part is breathed into my ear as her teeth nibbled on my flesh. 

The velvet touch of her lips move down my neck and chest stopping to tease my nipples between her teeth. 

"Oh I know what my bad boy wants but more importantly I know what my bad boy needs," she rakes her nails over my firm chest, "Mistress is going to take care of all your needs and desires. You will be whimpering and begging before this night is done."

The breeze drifts through the room and now carries the sweet smell of my Mistress's desire. A light knock on the door causes me to turn my head blindly in that direction. I feel more than hear her move away from me and as the click of the door to our bedroom sounds a little bit of fear runs through me. I am tied to a chair in the middle of my own bedroom wearing nothing but a blindfold and someone unknown enters. Whispers are all I can hear unable to make out anything that is being said. 

"My pet I am sure you have many questions right about now. I have a couple rules for you before we move forward. First relax and enjoy yourself. Second no questions. Third you will follow directions immediately. This is for all our enjoyment and pleasure. Do you agree to these terms?"

"Yes Mistress."

"Are you ready," she asks the other person?

My lap is invaded by another body. The feeling of satin and lace could be felt on my legs. Another set of hands ran over my face and down my chest. Murmuring her approval she explores my nakedness teasing leaving me and leaving my now aching cock untouched. 

"I am glad you approve," Mistress replies caressing my neck with her hands.

Next I could feel their heads right next to mine and hear their lips embrace in a passionate kiss. Moans of desire to both see and feel what was happening come from deep inside me.

"I think your pet feels left out," the lady announces in a mock sad voice.

"Well why don't you stand over there and we can give him a taste of what he is missing." 

My heart races as the blindfold is loosened. Blinking and adjusting to the light in the room the woman standing a few feet in front of me comes into view. A smile would not be denied as recognition pierces my brain. 

"Oh I see you remember me," she smiles back, "I seem to be dressed a shade different than I was the last time we met," running her hands over the sheer white stocking attached to the white garter belts.

"I see you approve. I don't know if you should be punished for being such a naughty boy or used like the dirty slut you want to be? I guess I can't blame you she is beautiful. I know how you love the virginal white look but I can assure you she is anything but that. What do you think of that nice firm ass? Those thin white panties barely covering her sweet pussy. Makes my mouth water, I can imagine you would love to run your tongue over that."

Nodding my head and licking my lips she struts in front of me teasing as she bends over allowing a full view of her breast just barely being contained in the small white bra giving a hint that they might just break free. Turning around she puts her firm ass on full display reaching back and grabbing the four inch heels on her white stilettos.

"I hope you have saved from of that lust and desire for me," she walks over to her best friend allowing me to see her for the first time.

My jaw must have hit the floor as the two embraced again and share a passionate kiss. It was the classic vision of contrast. The blond beauty dressed all in white and the dark haired vixen in contrasting black leather.

"You think he likes," Danielle ask?

"If his cock is a thermometer I would have to say we have raised his temperature, but I think we can push things a little hotter," Mistress winks at me.

Turning and placing her hand on her hip she gives me a look the shows the wickedness she has in store for the evening. 

"Do you enjoy the contrast," her hands smooth out the micro mini leather skirt, "her looking so innocent and me oh so dirty and corrupted?" 

Danielle moves closer to her and kisses her neck letting her hands roam over the leather shelf bra that places her breasts on full display. Over the next few minutes I was treated to a passionate display as her friend kisses her way down her neck and finally reaching her breasts taking each nipple into her mouth, teasing them just so in order to elicit groans of pleasure from my Mistress.

"I bet you wish you could be doing this right now," smiling she wraps her arms around her friend holding her close.

The smell was intoxicating, the mixture of sensual perfumes, leather, and arousal warp me up in the cruel embrace of being so close and yet unable to act. Using their lips and finger tips to caress and tease my body enjoying the frustration building inside of me. Mistress pushes Danielle to her knees directly in front of my. She smiles up at me from her knees and leans forward taking my cock deep into her mouth, caressing the shaft with her tongue allowing just her lips to ever so gently caress the rest. Not being able to hold back any longer as her hot breath torments my cock I cry out.

"Please Mistress please have her suck my cock," trying my best to keep an edge of control in my voice.

In response she leans over and gently kisses my lips.

"We can do better than that my pet."

Running her fingers through her friend's hair she struts back to the bed and let the skirt ride up exposing her pussy for a brief second before crossing her legs. Throwing my head back in a cry of frustration as Danielle turns from teasing my cock she crawls toward the bed. Watching her ass slowly sway back and forth with each movement until just before she reached my Mistress she turns back and locking her eyes with mine licks her lips like a cat ready to devour its favorite treat. I watch as my Mistress slowly uncrosses her legs and moving to the very edge of the bed grabs Danielle's hair and pull her between her thighs. As her lips reach her pussy she hisses yes and fall back on the bed as she devours her.

"Oh my god you are so fucking good," she screams reaching her orgasm cumming all over her friends face!

Danielle again looks back at me and licks the juices from her lips. Then like a cat cleaning its self uses her fingers to gather the rest that her tongue could not reach sticking each one in turn between her lips slowly sucking off the juices not wanting to miss a single drop. My cock is dripping with precum and me begging that I need to be fucked. A wicked smile creeps across my Mistress's face and pulling Danielle to her lips she gives a kiss pulling her hair back and caressing her neck with her lips keeping her eyes locked with mine. Without a word she pulls her over lap. Using her free hand to gently caress her flesh with each passing leaving more of a mark until raising her hand in the air she leaves a hand print on her left ass cheek. This elicits a hiss and moan from Danielle. She continues her assault giving each side equal treatment until Danielle pleads for her to stop.

"Seems my virginal pet is really a dirty slut," she smiles at me pushing her finger past the panties and into her soaking wet pussy.

"Oh Mistress please fuck me I am so horny," Danielle begs as she is teased.

"Should I," she looks directly at me, "maybe I should let her slide down that hard cock of yours? Can you feel her heat slowly surrounding your cock, her wetness soaking you? Her body settling onto you as your cock slides deep into her, her hips slowly rocking back and forth as the need grows and grows and grows until her tight little body is climbing up and down that cock with at a ferocious pace! Then at that last moment she crashes over the edge like the waves you hear out the window and you release all the built up cum deep in her pussy filling her to overflowing!"

Danielle whimpered as Mistress is slowly fucking her pussy with her fingers.

"Is that what my two little sluts want?"

"Oh yes Mistress please let me ride that cock," Danielle begs.

Mistress pulls her fingers free and pushes her friend to the floor like a discarded toy. She walks over to me holding the two glistening fingers in the air. I am unable to take my eyes off from them as she straddles my lap and presses her hot pussy against the side of my cock. 

"How much do you want to taste this sweet pussy," holding the fingers in front of my face then slowly tracing them around her lips leaving a shinny trail of Danielle's juices. Leaning forward her lips reach mine allowing me to taste the sweetness. Repeating the process with the other finger we again kiss this time she wraps her arms around my neck and pulls me closer to her.

Danielle's whimper from the bed pulls us from our kiss.

"Oh did you think I had forgotten about you?" 

She nods with a pouty lip and make her best sad face.

"You must not be so greedy I need to share with my slave your deliciousness."

Push back on my shoulders Mistress crosses to the bed. Danielle as she is on all fours looking up expectantly. As she rises to her knees Mistress pushes her onto her back climbing on top of her with a quick glance and a smile at me she leans in and begins to kiss her lips softly, seductively, just a quick brush together a little lick with her tongue, teasing her driving her wild.

"Do you need a nice hard cock to sit on," she asks with a devilish tone, "I think I might have a nice big dildo in my nightstand would you like to show me how much of a slut you can be with that?"

Danielle shakes her head no and then points at my engorged cock. My Mistress looks back at me and smiles.

"What do you think my pet have you earned the privilege of have your cock encased in this delicious pussy?"

I just shook my head yes unable to make words come from my mouth.

"Hmmm maybe but here are the rules. Neither of you are going to be cumming just yet and if you break that rule I will turn your asses red with my paddle. When I tell you to stop you will stand up and move back to the bed. Are these rules understood?"

"Yes Mistress," we answer in unison. 

With that she helps Danielle off the bed pulling off the tiny panties that are soaked with her juices. Leading her over in front of me she guides her onto my cock. I moan with relief as the tip enters her steaming cunt, relishing in every inch it was allowed to sink deeper and deeper into her until finally I am fully encased inside her. I want to fuck her to pound her pussy until I explode deep inside her but I can only wait.

"Open your mouths."

We followed her direction and she places half of Danielle's panty in my mouth and the other half in Danielle's mouth effectively holding us close but not allowing us to kiss. Standing back with her hands on hips Mistress looks at her handy work and is pleased. Retrieving the afore mentioned dildo from the nightstand she lays back on the bed and watches us slowly rock back and forth as she stuffs the large cock deep inside her. I could only watch as she brought herself to another orgasm clawing at the bed sheets and letting out a moan of pleasure and relief. 

Danielle was also building to a climax and was doing her best to control her movements but was close to getting past the point of no return when Mistress tells her to get off my cock. She wants to plead and beg to be able to wait a moment but with a groan of frustration she dismounts leaving me to groan as the cold air flows against her hot juices still on my cock.

"Help me release my toy I think it is time for us to take our complete pleasure from him."

Released and laid on the bed Mistress has Danielle get on her knees hovering over my face.

"My friend loves to have her ass licked so you are going to make sure you bury your tongue deep into her ass and make sure she has an orgasm because she gets to fuck your ass with my strapon next and I can imagine if she is not happy with your performance your ass will pay the price." 

With that warning Danielle smothers me under her ass. I find her tight hole and gently probe the entrance feeling it slowly give way. Her moans tell me I was doing it right. I am surprised when my Mistress slides her silken pussy down my cock and slowly starts to grind back and forth on me. By the weight change I was guessing they were kissing and soon Danielle's pussy juices were running freely down my chin.

"When she cums you had better cum slave," Mistress informs to me.

I do my best to read the signs of Danielle's body but having never been this close I was surprised when she orgasms and floods my chest with her juices. It took only a moment longer for me to release my own orgasm empting a week's worth of denial deep into my Mistress pussy. Both of them move off from me at the same time leaving me gasping for breath and recovering from my orgasm as they do the same. 

"My strapon is on the dresser and there is lube in the top drawer. That one has a nice feature with an attachment to slide into your pussy; it makes for a wonderful orgasm as you fuck him."

We both watch as Danielle attaches the toy, tightening the straps and starting the dildo in her pussy to vibrating. Giving me a look of desire and fascination she crossed the room making sure as she did that the large cock hanging between her legs sways obscenely back and forth.

"Get your ass to the edge of the bed and stay on your back I am going to drip all this hot cum into your slutty mouth while she fucks your ass."

Again I am smothered under a sexy ass this time it is my Mistress's. She grabs my legs and pulls them back giving Danielle full access to my ass while grinding her cum filled pussy against my face. A nice rhythm sets in and soon both women cum again. 

"This is the hottest, kinkiest, nastiest, fucking awesome thing I have ever done," Danielle announces! 

All three of us climb under the blankets of the bed. Me in the middle covered in pussy juice and cum. Both lay on either side of me laying their heads on my chest. The wave's crash against the shore and the breeze drifts through the room.

"We will do this again," Mistress announces as she drifts off to sleep.