 Westin Peachtree

Four years ago my wife, Mary, and I had a night on the town in ATL and it turned into something incredibly unforgettable. We were made spectators, then participants, in a gang bang at a highly respected and rated ATL hotel, the Westin Peachtree. The WP is a 70 story hotel with a rotating restaurant the top, in the heart of downtown Atlanta. We booked a night at the hotel and made reservations at the Sundial Restaurant for 10:00 p.m. Usually the later reservations are less noisy and the view is spectacular when Atlanta's lights are full strength. 

Mary was a fantastic looking 44 year old, who looked maybe 30 years old at the time. She is a redhead, petite, 5'3" and weighed 115 pounds. She is frequently told that she and her daughter look like sisters, which is true, she is an amazing looking woman. I was 50 at the time, tall and slender, but I don't look 40ish. 

Mary and I had a great time all day in ATL, shopping, going to Stone Mountain and getting caught in a thunderstorm as we came down the mountain. She looked incredible with soaking wet hair and her wet blouse showcased her terrific breasts. We climbed on the train to get back to the parking lot, laughing all the way at our getting caught in the downpour. There were lots of people sitting on the train as a shelter from the storm. The men on the train were happy to see Mary, coming down the aisle soaking wet, but some of the women had a very disapproving stare. Mary gets a lot of jealous stares like that.

After arriving at the hotel, we were drier than before but still damp as we worked our way through the hotel to our room, however my wife was getting plenty of stares from people because her damp clothes were clinging to her tight little body. She pretends not to notice, but she knows that she's hot. 

When we got to the room, about 8:30, the sun was setting and we had a great view from our 60th floor room. We showered and climbed in bed for a short nap before our reservation. Mary snuggled up and wiggled her sweet little ass against me, bringing my cock to life. I wanted some of that sweet stuff and took my opportunity to enjoy it. No sooner than I got started Mary shut it down. She laughed that she wanted to make sure that I had plenty of mojo for later on tonight. 

Our nap wasn't long lived when the alarm went off. Mary got up and started getting ready. When she slithered into her red dress, I knew it was going to be a wonderful dinner and a more incredible night. I put on a suit and tie and waited for her to be ready. When she came out of the bathroom, having put on her makeup and fussed with her hair, she was stunning. Wow! We made a great looking couple, but 90% her, only 10% me. 

If you've ever been to the WP, you know that the access to the Sundial is from the bottom of the hotel, so we took the elevator down to the lobby where there was a line of people waiting to take the outside elevator to the Sundial. Of particular note was a group of young men, about 10 of them, all dressed as young men dress. Many of their outfits were a bit loud, none of them fit their suit 100% properly, and they appeared full of vim and vigor. 

As the elevator loaded up, my wife and I were against the window and the young men were staring toward us as the elevator rose 70 floors. I noticed several of the young guys looking my wife up and down as she watched the skyline below her as the elevator rose to its destination. She did look fine.

We were the last out of the elevator and the young men were in front of us as we waited for the hostess. Several of the guys kept looking over their shoulder toward us, staring at Mary. It was like they were waiting on someone to come up behind us or they were simply getting the word around that a hot looking woman was behind them, I couldn't be sure. 

The hostess seated us against the window and a few minutes later the young guys were seated on the interior platform across the aisle from us, however they now had a young lady with them. She sat in the middle of the U-shaped table with five studs on each side of her. My wife made the comment that she had her hands full tonight, but we turned our attention to our dinner and each other. I just kept looking at my gorgeous wife and thinking I'm the luckiest guy in the world. 

To be honest, I can't remember what we had for dinner. First, the WP is known for its view, not the food. Two, we became distracted by the goings on at the table across the aisle. As the night wore on, the young guys table became a bit more boisterous, but not to the point of being uncomfortable for us. Their table was elevated above us, so they can see over the window tables for a great view too. As a result, we saw the under-table activity that was going on. Our lady neighbor was moving to different spots and rubbing their crotches for a few minutes before moving to the next one. My lovely wife made comment about the table's activity as we couldn't help but notice. 

As we enjoyed our dinner, their table had yet to order, other than drinks, which were flowing. Mary noticed that now she was stroking their cocks under the table. They weren't paying us any mind, they were clearly engrossed in their own activities. The lady was moving from seat to seat, sliding over their laps in the process. Sometimes she would be held into place on a guy's lap where it appeared that some grinding was going on. No one did that too long before she would move on to the next one. Mary's position was slightly better than mine as I had to sort of look over my shoulder to see them, but she could keep an eye on them out of the corner of her eye by looking at me. 

Instead of being appalled at the scene being played out, Mary seemed to be enjoying it. While I love looking at my pretty lady, the play by play was too much so I excused myself to go to the bathroom. Upon returning I slid in next to Mary so that I could get a good look too. They were being as discreet as they could, not wanting to draw too much attention to themselves it appeared, but it's hard to be quiet when you have a hot little lady stroking ten cocks. We were both turned on and I could hardly wait to get to our room, but Mary wanted to enjoy a cup of coffee so we stayed a bit longer. 

When the waitress brought the coffee, she apologized for the distraction, but we insisted there was nothing to apologize for. Mary said "Kids will be kids", to which the waitress replied, "Yeah, but I don't think I'm getting the tip, I think she is." I paid our bill and we laughed as our waitress rolled her eyes about the situation and departed.

Mary had now made eye contact with the girl at the table. We surmised she might be 24 years old. Blonde. Well built. Thin and well toned. Her blonde hair was cascading over her breasts, but she had a low cut sweater on that indicated a playland of a chest. She would make constant eye contact with Mary as they played their little womanly game. I couldn't tell what Mary was up to, but I knew she had something in mind. 

Mary excused herself to go to the ladies room. No sooner had she left, than the girl next door did as well. They were both gone for ten minutes or more, which had me worried a little, but since I could see the ladies room, I knew no one else was in there. The guys were clearly growing impatient, but then wallets started opening up and the guy on the end was collecting money. Hard to say how much, but it was several hundred per. 

Mary returned to the table and then a minute later the girl came back to her table. Mary proceeded to give me the lowdown. Her name was Carla. She's a college student and she's only done this once before, but she really needed the money now. They are paying her $3,000 for one night, cash money up front. She stays until 6 a.m., then she gets to leave. No tying up, no violence, and no cameras. She calls all the shots, but no holes barred. Mary is telling me all of this like it's a game show and we need to know the rules. 

I ask her why she knows all of this and Mary says that the girl confided all this to her in the powder room. "She wants us to come and watch. These are friends of a mutual friend, she thinks they're honorable, but she's not sure and would like to have us there to make sure she doesn't get screwed out of her money or hurt in any way. She thinks with us there, none of the guys will do anything to her that might be harmful." 

I'm shocked, and said "What did you tell her?"

"I told her that of course we would. Her room number is 6111, just a floor up from us. She's telling the guys that we're her backup plan and that there is no choice. She says she is sure they won't object. We can go up now and position ourselves. I have her card." With that, she nudged me out of the seat and off we went. 

All I kept saying was "I can't believe this is happening." Mary kept telling me that we were doing the girl a favor and she can't help but do what she can to make sure that Carla is okay. As bizarre as it sounds, that is what was happening.

We entered 6111 and it was a nice suite, far nicer than ours. It had a living room area adjoining the king size bed, so that is where we positioned ourselves. Mary opened the mini-bar and got us both a beer. She said "Compliments of the house." 

I heard the door being accessed and stood up, telling Mary to stay seated. As each of the guys came in, I told them to tell me their first name and to shake my hand, that they were going to obey the rules. All of these guys were in their early twenties and very polite. They seemed far more scared of me than I of them. They of course had no idea if I was carrying a weapon or not, but I never even had to intimate that as an option. They were extremely polite at this point.

Alex, Ron, John, Matt, Ty, George, Stuart, Richard, Stacy and Robert were their names. Stuart and Ty were black, the others were white, although Robert may have been part Hispanic. They varied in size from 5'8" to 6"4" and were all well built. They were on some type of athletic team, but it was unclear to me what, and frankly it was unimportant.

Carla and Mary had disappeared into the bathroom, so I played a staring game basically with ten horny guys, keeping them occupied. In a few minutes, Mary came out, still looking stunning in her dress. She told them to pick a number between 1 and 10. John won the number contest and Mary told him to undress and climb on the bed. With that, Mary opened the door and out came Carla. 

Carla was fantastic looking in her white and pink teddy. She had a great 24 year old body. Strong, athletic and creamy white skin. No tattoos and no piercings. She went to the bed and laid down next to John, stroking his cock while the rest of us just stared. Mary took me by the hand and led me back over to the sofa, pushing me to my seat. She whispered in my ear, "I'm not wearing any panties." While I considered that great news, I wasn't sure at that point how I was going to be able to take advantage of that.

John let Carla stroke his cock for two minutes then he pulled her on top of him. She knew what to do from there. It took a minute for her pussy to accommodate his rod, but once it did, she started to piston up and down on him. The rest of the guys gathered around the bed to watch, with Alex being the one to climb on the bed and feed Carla his cock. She wasted no time slurping his rod down her throat. The gangbang had begun. For the next hour, someone was in her pussy and her mouth continuously. My cock stayed hard as a rock the whole time. Mary would occasionally rub my crotch, but she pretty much never took her eyes off of the action on the bed. 

She got up to get us another beer, and when she sat down she pulled my hand to her sopping wet pussy. I began to caress her clit and she was moaning in appreciation. At this point, Carla was servicing the two black guys, Ty and Stuart, which was a sight due to the skin contrast. We had lost track of who had cum and who hadn't, wasn't really our problem, but I know I hadn't, although my rod was swollen and sore at this point. My needs were secondary at that point as Mary's little body clearly wanted to achieve ecstasy. I continued to massage her clit, working up to a feverish point where my hand couldn't have lasted much longer. The sight of Ty blowing his load all over Carla's face was the tipping point, and Mary came hard. Her moans were loud enough that the others all looked our way and realizing what had happened, gave a smiling approval. 

Once she had cooled down, and just before Stacy was set to take Ty's place, Mary called a halt to the action by declaring it was time for a 15 minute break. Carla had been the recipient of an incredible pounding for well over an hour, so Mary took her by the hand and they went into the bathroom. We heard the shower turn on and it sounded like both of them got in, but I assumed that Mary was simply helping Carla rinse off. A little more than 15 minutes later, the ladies came out. Both of them had wet hair, now put up into pony tails. Carla sat on the edge of the bed and Mary brought her a beer, which she literally chugged down, then asked for another. She took it slower on the second one and then climbed back on the bed. 

Mary's dress was slightly disheveled as she sat in my lap. She turned to kiss me and gave me the hottest, wettest, softest kiss ever. I asked her "What did you do in there?" She whispered, "I'll tell you more later, but I can tell you that she has a tight little body, like mine was back then, and you're going to have the time of your life tonight." She then started to ground her pussy into my joint, but my pants were in the way. Mary reached down and unzipped my pants, freeing my cock from it's night long prison. She scrunched her dress up around her waist and let my cock enter her. She was dripping wet and hot as I've ever seen her. My cock found it's way as deep as he could get with her in my lap, and she began to rise and fall on it. 

At the same time, Carla was resuming her customary position, on all fours with Matt behind her and Ron in front of her. However from our vantage point, we could see John, re-invigorated, motioning to the two other guys to change positions. Mary jumped off of my lap, letting her dress fall back to her knees, but exposing my throbbing cock. She went to the bedside and told them how to get in position for what John had in mind. Mary pulled a tube of lotion out of Carla's night bag and moistened both of her hands. She reached over and greased up John's rod, which put a huge smile on his face as she stroked his dick. With her other hand, she greased up Carla's butt crack. She told John to enter her slowly, give her time to adjust. It was like a teacher telling students how to fuck. Mary stood there and watched as John's massive rod impaled Carla's tight little ass.

Once John took to fucking Carla's ass, Mary returned to me and said "Where were we?" She gathered up her dress and squatted down on my throbbing dick. Everyone that wasn't on the bed was watching as Mary sank down on me and then did her rise and fall in my lap. They gave a smile of approval watching the older couple fuck in front of their young eyes. Mary's facial expression was priceless as she rode my rod. Whatever caused it to happen, the surge in my cock was far too quick for my tastes, and I came hard and fast. It was squirt one, two, three and instant withdrawal from Mary's upright pussy. I apologized for not hanging in there longer, but she whispered "There's lots of men around who can finish the job." Other than the time with the two cops, Mary had never been with another man during our marriage. These weren't men so much as they were college kids with raging hard-ons. I often fantasized about her fucking college guys in front of me, so it sounded like this fantasy was about to come true. 

Carla was taking on four men at this time, one in her ass, pussy and two in her mouth as she alternated sucking off two of them. Matt was underneath but climbed out, leaving John to pound that pretty little ass with all his might. You could hear the power in his legs as he pummeled her. His thrusts was sending the alternating cocks deep into her throat, which appeared to please those guys. By now my shriveled up cock had fully retreated and collapsed back down into my pants. I was massaging Mary's tits but Mary said she needed more. She sauntered over to the bed and took Ty by the hand and walked him over to the sofa opposite me. Hs cock was already rigid as she dropped to her knees and took him into her mouth. The contrast of his dark skin and her creamy white face was a huge turn-on, but my cock still needed more time to recover. She took his entire rod down her throat and was sucking him with a vigor that only she can do. Apparently deep throating a mature lady was too much for Ty and in little time he blew his load all over her pretty face. 

Mary told Ty to get her a beer, which he did. I just sat there amazed. She grabbed a towel and cleaned his jism off her face. She grabbed George's hand and pulled him over the sofa. She positioned her ass on the edge of the sofa and directed George's cock into her snatch. She was attempting to drink the beer in between thrusts but Richard came over and offered him his tool instead, which she eagerly took. This was a first. She had never had two cocks at once, even with the cops. While there was a video ban on Carla, there wasn't one on Mary, so I pulled my phone out and shot some video. This was so hot! There was my beautiful wife servicing two college guys, trying to help out a college girl who was getting three-wayed at the time. 

George suggested she wiggle out of her dress, which she did. He picked her up by the waist as he ground his cock into her. She never lost her lip lock on Richard's manhood, which resumed its passage deep into her throat. There was my lovely bride, hanging between two studs who were fucking her in and out, in and out. She looked great in that position, almost like a college girl. In the meantime, the real college girl was continuing with various guys taking turns on constant triple plays on her taught little body. 

The problem with getting older is that my refresh rate isn't as good as it used to be, so all I could do was to watch at that point. I could feel my loins working on re-firing but it was still going to be a bit before I would see action again. However Mary didn't have that problem. She was cranking out orgasm after orgasm as she fulfilled young men's dreams. 

The young guys weren't being timid on my hot wife's body, but they weren't pounding her either. She pulled off long enough to tell them to put her on the bed as she was uncomfortable in this position. They moved her over to the bed and laid her next to Carla. It being a king size bed, there was enough room for two lovely ladies to entertain their men. It was well after 2 a.m. at that point and Mary called a timeout. Again she and Carla retreated to the bathroom. We heard the door lock this time. Again the shower turned on and it sounded as if they both got in. When the shower stopped, Mary's hand popped out and she asked for two beers, which were quickly furnished. 

When they came out, Mary told us all to relax and give them a few minutes. The two of them climbed on the bed and started caressing each other. Carla leaned over and kissed Mary, and they lip locked for a long time. If the desired intent was for every guy to get hard, it worked. The ladies were stroking each others breasts and together moved their hands down to the other's pussy. As they rubbed on each other, it was clear that Mary was having the time of her life. Her hips were gyrating as she pushed Carla's fingers into her pussy. Carla fingered my wife in and out, in and out, to the point that Mary's breathing was hot and heavy. The guys watching couldn't take it anymore and John and Alex climbed on the bed, taking up positions behind the slithering babe's bodies. Alex was behind Mary and pushed his rod into the tight little pussy. Carla's hand was still furiously working Mary's clit as Alex stroked in and out. Carla had the same benefit from John and Mary's feverishly working hand. The two ladies came together, with an almost exhausting sounding grunt and sigh. The young guys however, having already cum several times, were still rigid. For then next two hours, I watched as guy after guy took turns fucking my beautiful wife's cunt. 
