 Raj was one of my best friends at uni. We would hang out most evenings. So when I got with my girlfriend naturally we started to spend a little less time together. I felt bad because he needed a wingman. Instead I asked my girlfriend if she had any single friends who we could double date with.

"Meena is perfect for him. She's good fun, bubbly. She's a bit wild but I'm sure he'll like that," said Mya.

And she was. All of those things. She was fun and bubbly, and quite confident. And she was wild. But most striking was her body. For a small frame, her boobs were huge. Meena was 5"6' and a size 8. However, with a 38DD rack, her breasts were not in proportion to the rest of her body. And this was obviously grabbed Raj's attention straight away. He described her breasts with one word - mesmerising.

She hit it off with Raj from the off, and after a couple of dates, he was giving her the D.

Every time I met Raj he was happy. He described her as wild. She continually pushed the boundaries of their sex lives with things like bondage, role play, etc. I was jealous of course. I joked with Mya that we should threesome with her. Mya always laughed it off but I got the feeling she was holding something back.

One evening I went to Raj's to pick him up to head to Kabir's flat to watch football. I called him from the car but he didn't pick up. I tried a couple of times but no answer so I went up to his flat and knocked on his door.

"Come in," a girl's voice called. It must've been Meena. She was regularly over now.

As soon as I walked in, I saw Raj lying on his bed, with his jeans down to his ankles. Meena was arched over his dick, giving him a blowjob. 

She tilted her head towards me, and moved her black hair to one side. 

"Hey, how are you?" she asked still holding Raj's dick in one hand.

"Erm... I'm good," I replied, not knowing where to look. "I'll come back, I'll give you a call, sorry."

"No, no, don't worry, sit down," she said.

Raj still lay there. Meena's hand was caressing his dick while she was talking to me. 

"What's your plan for this evening? Where you heading?" she asked, as if in a casual situation.

"Erm... We were going to go watch the game at Kabir's." I still felt awkward and incredibly uncomfortable.

"Do you have to? Raj was enjoying himself. So was I," nodding towards my dick. "And you look like you might do too." 

I quickly tried to adjust myself as my dick was getting hard. "Yeah, erm, well the game starts in half an hour."

Meena got up and walked towards me. As she did, she pulled off her top to reveal a sexy turquoise bra, holding her giant boobs. Raj wasn't lying when he said he was mesmerised by them.

She unclasped the bra from the front and pulled it back so it dropped to the floor. She also dropped, onto her knees in front of me and started to fumble at my belt. I was frozen. She unbuckled the belt and my jeans, and pulled em down.

Meena then began to stroke my dick on top of my boxers. She locked eyes with me as she was stroking, and was cupping my balls. Eventually she pulled them down and I was stood erect. 

She started to rub around, touching every area around my dick, except the dick itself. My dick was beginning to throb with excitement. She then, got hold of my dick and rubbed it on her cheek and nose, slowly getting closer to her lips.

All of a sudden she opened her mouth and deep throated me as deep as she could go. I felt the tip touch the back of her throat. She held it there until she gagged, and as she did, she let go to catch her breath. Her saliva dropped from my dick and stretched onto her chest. 

Meena smiled and walked back over to Raj. She carried on where she left off with him, sucking his dick. I was stood with my dick out, and jeans down my ankles. I kicked off my trainers and stepped out of my jeans and boxers, and walked to Meena.

She started to stroke my dick, while she sucked Raj off. He hadn't said a single word, apart from the odd moan of enjoyment. As she was stroking me, I moved my hands towards her breasts. They were much bigger than my girlfriend's, and much bigger than I was used to. I wanted to get her nipples in my mouth.

Meena moved Raj's legs onto the bed. She continued to suck him off, and positioned herself so that she was on all fours, with her ass in the air and her boobs hanging around Raj's knees.

I moved to the bottom of the bed and pulled at her leggings. I took her turquoise, laced panties with it. Her uncovered ass was a sight. I continued to pull her leggings and panties off, one leg at a time, past her knees and then pulled completely off. I then pulled my own t shirt off and threw it against the wall.

Meena spread her legs to invite me in. I wanted to bury my dick in her but I thought I'd get a taste of her pussy first. I kneeled and held her ass cheeks wide with both hands.

Taking a breath, I stuck my tongue in her pussy.

"Ohhhhh!" she mumbled with a muffled sound. Her erotic moan was a signal to continue to bury my tongue deeper. I flicked my tongue inside her, trying to reach all her walls. 

With each big flick onto her pussy wall, her moan was getting louder. Her head was bobbing on Raj's dick, causing her body to rocking against my face and my nose close to her ass hole. 

I began to lick around her pussy, around her lips and closer to her clit. Once I found her clit, I sucked on it for grip and held it there. At the same time I flicked it with my tongue at a quick speed that sent her over the edge, causing her legs to collapse. 

I picked her ass back up and licked her clit gently and slowly moved my tongue across her pussy lips and to the bridge between her pussy and asshole. I stroked her here with my tongue before circling around her asshole. I could tell she was enjoying it. Her head was no longer bobbing on Raj's dick. She just held it in her mouth while she was concentrating on my tongue. I knew what she wanted but I just wanted to tease her.

I rolled my tongue back down to her pussy and went wild with it inside her and sure enough she was cumming like a hose. She squirted on my tongue and lips, with it dripping all over my beard and the bed.

Meena rolled onto her back alongside Raj and I looked at them both. They both smiled.

"Let me get the lube."

Raj got up and started to look for it in his cupboard. I decided that as Meena's legs were still open and wet, I was invited. I held my dick and circled the tip around her pussy and then slowly lowered myself into her.

She held my shoulders and moved my head close to her. 

"You've got a killer tongue," she whispered, still trying to catch her breath.

I started making slow strokes in her pussy. The heat of her pussy made my dick feel incredible.

I bent over at the same time to take her left nipple in my mouth. I held on with my teeth, sucking on it in between strokes. I started to increase my speed, making her moan.

"C'mon, faster. Fuck me faster," she cried.

I was trying my best.

"I want you both. I want you both now."

"Dude, turn her over. Let me get in her ass," Raj called behind me.

I stopped fucking her and sat down on the edge of the bed. Meena slowly got up and climbed onto my laps, lowering her pussy onto my dick. At the same time I saw Raj squirt the lube onto his hand, so that he could apply it on his dick. He then spread Meena's asscheeks and applied a load on her asshole. Meena stuck her tongue down my throat as Raj lubed her ass up.

Raj tried to enter her ass while she was straddling me but kept slipping away. I held her calves and lifted her legs up to expose her ass further. This time he was able to get the head of his dick in but the angle wasn't right. I held her asscheeks, lifted her up and stood up, making sure my dick was still inside her wet pussy. 

Raj came closer so that Meena was sandwiched between us. Raj held his dick and positioned himself to allow Meena to slide down on him. She held on to me tight. I then let her down a little as Raj's dick got buried a little deeper. Her grasp tightened. Our eyes met and I saw the look of both pain and joy.

Raj kissed her on her back, in between her shoulder blades. 

"You ok?"

"Mm hmm," she nodded. Her eyes were closed. Her boobs were pressed against my chest. Her head was almost laying on my shoulder.

Me and Raj shared her weight and started to lift her up and down on both of our dicks. We had to go slow first until we found the rhythm.

"Ah, ah, ah," she groaned with each lift.

She kissed me and our tongues started playing with each other. She had one hand in the back of my head, and one on my shoulder. 

She then thrust her head back. She moved her hand from holding the back of my head and pulled Raj to her face. They kissed.

I buried my head to bite her right nipple causing her to scream. This was enough to make her cum.

"I'm gonna cummmmmmm!"

Her juices started dripping down my balls and the inside of my leg. 

"I'm gonna cum too," called Raj.

So was I.

Meena started shuddering and then Raj shot his load right up Meena's ass.

Their groaning sent me over the edge and I filled her pussy up.

Raj and I stopped lifting her. We couldn't take it any more.

Raj slowly slipped out of her and fell to the bed with his cum causing a big splat on the floor. I was still holding Meena and we both collapsed on the bed next to him.

My dick slipped out of her causing my cum to drop onto the bed.

We lay there for a few minutes until my phone rang. It was Kabir.

"Where are you guys? The game started half an hour ago."

"Oh yeah, we'll be over shortly," I replied.

Meena gave us both a kiss. "Same time next week, eh?" She smiled and went to have a shower.

Raj looked at me. "I've shared my girlfriend. Now it's your turn."