 Morning story.

The early morning sun lit up the berth as you sat up in the bunk, glasses perched on your nose in that sexy, schoolmarmish way. You checked your phone, glanced at me and smiled. Because of the Caribbean climate, we were both naked as usual, allowing us to glance appreciatively at each other during the night. We often woke early, both horny as hell, and this lack of clothing allowing us to make love unhindered.

'I've just had a message from an old friend, says she's back on the island for a while. You've never met her have you love; her name is Hazel.' you said.

'You mean like Hazel, whose videos we enjoy?' I grinned, knowing we'd pleasured each other while watching an attractive mature blond woman reaching orgasm.

'Same name but different person; I haven't told you, but we had a, erm, special relationship in the past.' As you said this you glanced at me, looking a little coy.

My interest was piqued. I knew you'd had intimate relations with other women in the past and was always interested to hear your tales of sapphic trysts. I felt my cock stiffen as I slid my hand to your breast.

'When you say special, how special?' I inquired, massaging your voluptuous breast, making the nipple harden as my finger gently pinched it.

'I'm a bit embarrassed, because this was different and I'm not sure how to explain it,' you replied. Your cheeks reddened slightly. 

I pulled your hand to my cock, you gripped it and slowly masturbated me, my hardness growing through your tender touch.

'You have my undivided attention!' I then moved my hand between your legs and teased your moist clit. My finger toyed with the gold bar, the piercing you'd had only recently. The novelty was still there for both of us, finding any excuse to experiment, to pleasure you, revelling in the increased sensitivity. Just above your sweet clitoris, it was the best present I could have given to a beautiful, sensual wife.

I continued, 'You know you can tell me anything, I won't judge.'

You smiled at me anew and looked at me in the intense way that sets my soul on fire.

'She's American, we'd worked together on a mega yacht, and, you know, one night ashore, one thing led to another and we got snogging in a club. We were both slightly pissed. She asked me to come to her place, so we set off holding hands, then she'd let go and kept sliding her hand onto my bum and would squeeze it. I was getting very wet, my pussy aching for her fingers, her tongue. 

So, we get to her place. She had some connections on the island and managed to secure a condo close to Simpson Bay. She put on some music and made us a drink from a very well stocked bar.

I stood out on the terrace watching the lights from the boats in the bay dance on the ripples in the ocean. She joined me, hands me a strong vodka based cocktail and tells me she is into domination and it would turn her on if I played the role of her submissive. I was intrigued, and to be honest, a bit turned on by it. I'd never considered it but agreed to play along.'

By now, your hand was moving in a slow rhythm, my finger was now inside your warm, soft cunt, the juices coating my hand. You were groaning, full of pleasure. You raised your hips to allow me to penetrate deeper, letting me develop a gentle massaging tempo.

You smiled and asked me if you should continue.

'Oh yeah, please do!' I exclaimed.

'Is this turning you on?' you asked.

'Err, too true, lesbian sub/dom is a bit of thing for me,' I retorted, grinning as waves of pleasure coursed through me.

'You'd better continue before I cum,' I said.

You smiled wickedly, knowing you had me hooked.

'So, she's standing in front of me, wearing a short black dress. She's a bit taller than me, short black hair, tanned, slim built with small firm breasts. I know she's not wearing a bra because I'd let my hand caress her boobs a couple of times on the way back to her apartment. Her nipples were now jutting proudly through the thin material. She's about 45 now, not conventionally pretty, but attractive with dark brown eyes, a full mouth and pert nose.

She puts her hands on her hips and tells me to kneel down in front of her. So, I do, letting my short plaid skirt ride up. I had on a sexy top, showing my ample boobs, which were nestled in a recently acquired embroidered plunge bra, courtesy of a bulging wallet having recently been paid.

She then tells me to take her knickers off, which I eagerly did. She had a red thong on, I could smell her pussy and felt the moistness of my own tingling minge. I was breathing heavily, wondering who could see us. The balcony had a chrome railing, with glass inserts and with the subtle lighting from the apartment provided a backlit view of both of us from the shore. One or two people were strolling along the beach, a full moon highlighting their movement. A frisson of excitement coursed through me, aware, but thrilled of being watched.

'Kiss my cunt, slave,' she demanded, 'and call me mistress. You are my own little whore and your sole duty is to pleasure me. Is that understood?'

I lifted her dress and as my face went to her pussy I muttered, 'Yes mistress.'

This was really getting me horny, I normally like to start by kissing and moving onto another woman's tits, to play with her nipples, but the thought of going straight into muff diving was driving me mad with desire.

She thrust her hips forward and I pushed my face into her dripping pussy, savouring her taste. My tongue flicked over her clit as I wrapped my hands around her firm bottom, kneading her buttocks. She was breathing heavily and asked, 'Are you enjoying being my bitch?'

I moved my head back and told her yes. Definitely yes!

'Come to the bedroom,' she demanded, 'and take off your top and bra, but leave your skirt on for now.'

I smiled demurely, getting into the role. As we crossed to the double bed, I discarded my top and unclasped my bra, letting my full voluptuous breasts free. She fondled them, appraising them, and pinched both nipples. It was slightly painful, but somehow exciting. I slid my hand down, hitched my skirt up and slid my finger beneath my knickers and into my cunt, savouring the juiciness.

'Did I tell you that you could do that?' she demanded.

I told her how horny I was, but she glared at me.

'You are here for my pleasure, 'she said sternly. 'If you are a good girl you'll get your reward.'

'Sorry mistress,' I blurted, 'what would you like me to do now?'

As she stood in front of the bed, she raised her arms.

'Remove my dress.'

I did as she bade. She then laid on the bed, her short hair resting on the pillow. I stood looking at her, appreciating her lithe body, aware that she too was studying me, clearly liking what she saw. It had been a while since I'd made love to another woman. I must have looked hesitant for a moment.

She grasped my hand and pulled me onto the bed too. 'Let me lick the juice from your face,' she demanded

I knelt over her and lowered my mouth to hers. She flicked her tongue into my mouth, then licked my chin. It was so good to feel her breath on my face, her soft lips teasing me.

'My, my slave, don't you taste good? Now pleasure me bitch. I need to cum.'

I continued kissing her and ran my hands over her tits. Her nipples were hard, dark delights. She moaned and demanded that I suck them. I lay beside her and my mouth covered her right nipple, my tongue licking her, my mouth sucking. Her breathing intensified, mine too as she arched her back. She gripped the bedsheet as the pleasure of my servility coursed through her.

I slid my hand down to her clit, massaging it and I enjoyed feeling it stiffen. I glanced down to see what I'd done and smiled to myself.

Seeing she was enjoying the experience, I asked, 'Is mistress enjoying that? Shall I lick your cunt?'

'Yes, little slut. Get your tongue to work on my clit and get a couple of fingers deep into my pussy.'

I moved down, again savouring the aroma of her sex. God, I was so wet, it was dripping down my leg. I so wanted her to touch me, but the thrill of being told what to do was exhilarating. 

I slid my first two fingers into her cunt, and started massaging her in a come-hither motion. As I put my face to her shaven pubis, the smell of her made me giddy. With one hand caressing her G spot, the other pulled at her clit to allow my tongue to tease her there. Flicking, teasing, sucking I used all of my experience in giving and receiving oral. 

Her breathing quickened, she moaned, so I too sped up slightly, to match her rhythm. 

'God I'm coming,' exclaimed. 'I'm going to squirt. Open your mouth slut and drink your mistresses' cum.'

I was startled, I'd never experienced another woman ejaculating. I moved my hands away quickly, pressing my open mouth to her writhing vagina.

Then it hit me, a warm torrent of juice. I slurped and swallowed. I love the taste of your cum, my love, but this was different. It was hot, tasteless and seemed to go on forever.

I couldn't swallow it all, and it dribbled down my chin soaking the bed.

'Don't swallow it all, save me some, cunt licking whore!'

With that I held the last gush in my mouth and quickly moved my mouth to hers. She drank greedily, licking every last drop from my face.

She pushed me to one side. We both lay there for a moment, her face a picture of satisfaction. I was trembling slightly. Wow, this was something else.

'Don't just lay there,' she demanded. 'It's time I tasted your cunt. Kneel over me and rub your cunt in my face.'

I did as I was told. My plaid skirt covered most of her face, she slid my knickers to one side and as I pressed my pussy on her mouth, her tongue lapped at my moistness, making me groan out loud.

She continued to lap at me, teasing me and my heart was racing. I was grinding her face, not hard, but enough to send waves of intense pleasure through my body.

'God I'm so close,' I blurted. 'Please mistress can I cum?'

She grasped my hips and pushed me away.

'Maybe,' she teased. 'I want you to entertain me first.'

I had no idea what she meant. The frustration at having to wait was getting to me, but also the idea that she was dominating me, controlling me gave me such a thrill.

She wriggled out from under me, her mouth and chin glistening with my juices. As she extricated herself I reached for her and kissed her. I savoured the taste of my own cunt.

'Forgive me mistress,' I gasped, 'I just had to taste it!'

She smiled at me, the way a teacher looks at a mischievous child.

'I'll let you off this once, but I was going to let you cum. Perhaps I should make you wait a little.'

I was so annoyed!

Seeking to mollify her, I looked demurely and said. 'I deserve to be punished, what shall I do mistress Hazel?'

She reached over to a drawstring bag and tipped out the contents.

There were a couple of vibrators, a rabbit, a glass dildo, a strap-on cock and two balls with a silken string attached.

'Remove your knickers, keep the skirt on though. Now spread your legs,' she demanded, and I acquiesced. She took the love balls and inserted them up my cunt. I gasped. It felt strange, but pleasant. I could feel them pressuring the walls of my vagina as I moved my hips to get comfortable. She had clearly done this before, first one and then the second ball were moving inside, giving a pleasure I'd never experienced. She'd left the silky string hanging from my vagina, my labia parted slightly and drops of my juices sparkled on the cord.

'You'll keep them in until I say so.'

'Yes mistress,' I said meekly. I couldn't believe how subservient I'd become. It was weird because I am, as you know, no push over. This was unreal. I could have ended this at any time, but it was, dare I say, thrilling.

Shaken from my reverie, she sat me up and attached the strap-on to me.

It was black and as she adjusted the straps to fit I stared at it as it peeked below my short, sexy skirt.

She then got on all fours, her feet over the edge of the bed.

'Fuck me, bitch,' she insisted. 'I want that cock to pound my pussy.'

I got up and went behind her, standing facing her lovely arse. I fondled her bum, sliding a finger over her crack and teased her cherry. It was dripping; I knew that feeling!

I adjusted my position, and slid the phallus into her still moist vagina.

She let out a gasp, as I rhythmically thrust the glistening toy in and out of her twat.

The sensations I experienced were amazing. I felt the balls inside me giving my cunt bursts of pleasure, at the same time the sight of me fucking her like a guy made me feel in control. She seemed happy to let me take charge, so I thrust at her. I could see her left hand had slid to her clitty, she was rubbing frantically, gasping.

I felt hot, horny, naughty, so many sensations at once.

After a couple of minutes, she let out a scream. Beads of sweat glistened on my body as I gave myself fully to the moment.

'Fuck me harder, slave, make me cum again!'

I increased the speed and could feel the cock slapping her cunt.

She bucked and squealed with delight.

'Oh yeah bitch, that's what a good slave can do!'

She shuddered a few times and collapsed on the bed, leaving me standing with the tool in my hand. I took it off and whilst she was lying prone in her bliss, I licked her cum from it, hoping she'd maybe catch me and punish me more.

She turned around slowly and smirked at me.

'You do like to misbehave, don't you? Come here,' she demanded.

I moved to the bed and knelt beside her. I tenderly touched her face, my finger teasing her lips.

She reached to my cunt and slowly pulled the string that held the balls.

'Squeeze your pussy,' she whispered.

As I did she slowly pulled out the balls and I gasped as I felt myself go weak.

'As I'm a good mistress, I'm going to treat my bitch.'

With that she manoeuvred me to a lying position.

She then got the rabbit in her hand and licked it seductively. 

I spread my legs and she inserted it, at the same time switching it on so the ears teased my clitoris, the thick cock sliding in so sweetly.

I lay there, gasping.

'Please mistress, fuck me.' I cried.

She kissed my nipple and bit, hard enough to make me wince, but not so hard that it caused too much pain. She knew what she was doing and could see the effect on me. Her free hand wandered over my body, with a tenderness that her dominatrix persona belied. She fondled me, squeezing and massaging my glistening body.

As wave after wave of pure pleasure hit me, I jerked, and a shuddering orgasm hit me. I bucked and screamed out.

'That's so good, oh fuck yeah. I've come for you mistress.'

So intent was I as the story unfolded, I realised that you were bringing me close to orgasm too. Your wanking, your story, the erotic narrative had brought me to the brink.

'Love, I'm coming.' I blurted.

With that you moved your head to my cock and opened your mouth, taking my throbbing member into it, your soft sweet lips down the shaft so you were nearly choking. You glanced at me, taking pleasure from my pleasure. With a gasp I spurted my hot spunk down your throat. You swallowed every last drop, savouring the salty taste. It never ceases to amaze me how you can swallow so much cock, how your eyes look at me as you guzzle down my load.

I then gently moved you, so you were lying on the bunk. I moved down and started licking you, thinking of your story and savouring the thought of another woman doing this to you, or you doing this to her.

And then, after my licking and teasing I slid my fingers into your twat, copying your tale, so after a few minutes you called out.

'Oh, I'm so close, so close.' With my teeth on your piercing, and my pressure on your clit, you ground your sex into my face.

You then twitched, and the orgasm hit you. I love to give you pleasure and the sight of you, naked, gave me such joy. I kissed you, we shared each other's cum, I tasted the salty residue on your tongue, you eagerly lapped the juice off my mouth. We lay back, satiated, basking in the afterglow of the best lovemaking I have ever known. Every time we make love, or just have early morning fucks, no matter how it's described is so good.

Having kissed again, and laying there in the bunk, you chirped up.

'Shit, I didn't tell that to anyone before, not even my bestie! Hazel wants to meet up later!'

You looked at me, trying to gauge my response.

'Does she know we're married?' I enquired, 'Of course you should meet her. I don't mind.'

'She knows we're together. She's ashore with a couple of crewmates, Angie and Tess. She says she wants to meet you. Says you're dishy!'

I grinned at you.

'Why not? Message her back.' I was getting hard again at this turn of events; your eyes caught the twitch of my cock. You knew exactly what was going through my mind!

With that your fingers tapped furiously at the keys.

You looked up and told me she wants to meet at the Club Rouge.

'What sort of place is that?' I intoned, getting more and more curious.

'It's an adult club. Her ex is a part owner and she gets VIP access anytime she's here.'

'Oh,' was all I could manage. My mind doing somersaults.

'Are you OK to meet,' I inquired, 'given your history?'

You stared at me, 'Of course I am love, it was, as you say, history. We'll have a few drinks. You'll be with me to keep me safe!'

A wicked grin crossed your face, leaving me in no doubt this could get interesting. We'd discussed introducing another woman into our love life, but only under certain conditions. Both of us, and her, must be comfortable with the setup. You, as far as I'm concerned, are the center of my attention, and it must all be mutual, but to me your pleasure is paramount. 

Anyway, there was no guarantee that it would go anywhere. We'd tried a sex party before, but neither of us were comfortable that night.

That didn't stop me wondering though! With so many scenarios playing out in my head, the rest of the day went by in a haze for me. I caught you looking wistful a few times, and we exchanged embarrassed glances more than once.

Evening trip ashore.

As evening came, we started to get ready to go ashore.

A sultry Caribbean night approached, I elected to shower and shave and donned my smartest shorts and a clean shirt. I fumbled into my washbag and took out a small blue pill, smiling to myself that I'd known there was a good reason for getting them! I popped it in my mouth, but hid my actions from you. Not out of deceit, but a nervousness that we were possibly pushing the boundaries of our relationship. 

You took extra care with your appearance. To me, my darling wife, you are gorgeous, but this night you excelled yourself. You too showered, shaving your legs and pussy to leave a strawberry blonde tuft. Carefully applied makeup, cherry red lipstick followed. You fussed over the right combination of earrings and necklace.

You selected your blue/grey dress over matching bra and knickers. You looked stunning.

'I'm wearing my fuck-me heels tonight, so you better hold me tight!' you declared, knowing I was enjoying every moment watching you get ready.

As the smell of your perfume lingered in the warm tropical air, we tenderly kissed and went ashore.

We stopped off at the yacht club for a drink, you treated yourself to a mimosa, I had a rum and coke.

'They're meeting us here, so I'll keep an eye out.' you explained, whilst I wondered if I'd recognise Hazel. You'd shown me her profile picture on Facebook, so I had an inkling of what she'd look like.

Shortly a posse of three ladies walked in, scanning the bar.

You jumped up from the stool and led me to them.

Hazel, looking very sensual, was leading the others in. She wore a short cream dress, spaghetti straps, and clearly no bra!
