 I was almost asleep when I heard, "Psst, slut!" at the edge of my cell. I moved, startled, confused, and then blushed deeply in the dark as I lifted my head. The light of a bright moon shone in through the dark space so that I saw the night guard, Jorge, that caught me masturbating the other night and another guy with him looking at me.

"This is Max," Jorge nodded at the other guard. "He's been working outside in the day and switched to night shift in here. It's his first night and he's kind of nervous, so I was trying to reassure him that it wasn't that bad- just put the girls to bed and then relax." 

Jorge paused then grinned. "I thought you could help reassure him."

I flushed again and looked down and then up at Max. His body was sexy and solid under his guard's uniform. I could tell he worked out a lot, his caramel skin thick at the forearms and taut everywhere else.

Before I had too much time to wonder, Jorge turned on his flashlight and pointed it at me in the cell.

He grinned with the power of it. "Show us your tits."

I squinted, temporarily blinded as the light went from my face to my chest.

I sighed softly, taking comfort that I couldn't see, knowing refusing would do no good. So far they were outside of the cell at least.

I removed my shirt.

Jorge grinned. "That's my slut," he crooned softly. "See what'd I tell ya?" he said to his friend.

"I think Max here needs a show. Help him relax and all," he said. "Play with your tits for us."

Embarrassed now that I could see their faces again, I saw Max's eyes go from my face back down to my tightening nipples as one hand slowly came up to brush them softly. His lips parted and his eyes came back to mine.

"That's good, slut," Jorge remarked brusquely. "But you don't do it quite right. Too gentle. Let me help," he said, inserting the key into the lock.

My eyes flicked between the two of them, not knowing what would happen with two guards entering my cell.

Max looked hesitant, but I could see his desire as he looked at my small white tits closer up. He stood a polite five feet away as Jorge grinned, putting down the flashlight and coming close.

"Julia likes it a bit rough," he smiled as he caressed my hair, glancing back at Max. "She just hasn't accepted that yet."

My eyes adjusted to the moonlight again, and I looked up at Jorge standing over me and saw Max's bulge just as Jorge took one nipple in his fingers and slowly applied pressure.

"Ohhh..." I groaned, leaning into it.

"That's it, slut," Jorge smiled down at me, petting my hair and pinching harder. I tried to hold back a cry. I didn't completely succeed.

"Here, have a feel," he nodded at Max, who was very clearly moved, but restraining himself as he watched.

Max hesitated, then took a step forward, then another, licking his full lips unconsciously. I bit my lower one in response and looked up at him, waiting.

"She needs it, man," Jorge said, his eyes drifting over my body. "Just look."

I couldn't deny it, much as I might want to, feeling my soaked panties.

Max's bulge was almost right in front of me, almost at eye level as he stood before my cot.

"You're very pretty," he said softly, as he quietly moved his hand to the sensitive nipple that Jorge just touched. Even his slight touch set it off and I trembled.

His eyes widened as he looked. His gaze flicked to Jorge, almost asking for permission or direction, I couldn't tell.

"I told you, she likes it rough," he said, as though he was bequeathing some major gift to this new guard.

Max raked his eyes over me and then slowly, testing, tightened his fingers. My breath caught, my body stilling in anticipation and pleasure. He saw it and his pelvis tilted towards me a bit in response, his fingers pinching more.

I started to groan when Jorge matched the action on my other breast. I gasped and cursed in pleasure.

Jorge smiled. "Wanna see how wet this stuff gets her?"

I felt as though he was showing off the features of a new toy, and knew he wasn't going to stop anytime soon.

Max faintly nodded.

Jorge grinned, tightening his fingers then releasing, nodding at me. 

"Go ahead then."

I lifted and slipped my pants and underwear down my legs as expected, settling again, looking between them in anticipation.

Max's eyes went to my pussy then my breasts, and I could see his hunger and excitement, though he held it well, not totally sure what he was allowed to do.

At eye level with two good bulges, I was already starting to guess.

"Now, if you have any doubt about Julia wanting and being into this, check out her pussy. Take a feel," Jorge smiled at me confidently.

I shifted on the bed. Max's hesitation was starting to disappear. A half-second passed before he leaned close, his hand drifting down my side and then to my thighs. Then I felt it between my legs, ticklingly soft as it trailed up to my pussy, my legs parting to give him access.

He noted that compliance, the lack of resistance, and he looked at me then. I felt a rush of desire at how close his face was, knowing he would feel my wetness in seconds. 

His hand found my pussy and we both sighed as he felt how wet I was. 

"Oh god," was all he said before leaning forward and possessing my mouth with his, kissing me hard, his tongue pushing in as his fingers did the same.

I whimpered against his mouth and felt the sound fill him even more power and confidence.

He kissed me so hard that it made me lean back on the cot. He easily pushed his body against mine, making me fall back, giving him further access as he covered my body with his larger one.

He settled his weight onto his knees between my legs as his head drifted down from my lips to find my nipple. I arched as he sucked on my nipple and his fingers expertly played with my pussy .

My body squirmed, trying to relief. He watched me seriously, as if studying my desire and then slid down lower.

My eyes widened as I watched his head go down my belly and slip between my legs.

I felt his hands move to gently open me again. He looked up at me as his tongue found my clit and softly licked. 

My body was caught between a sigh and tension, needing this so badly, needing more. He saw it and responded.

Where I might have felt power at a man licking my pussy before, I felt quite sure that every move he made, every motion of his tongue was measured, controlled by his decision to respond to what he saw in me. One finger slipped in and I arched again, groaning as quietly as I possibly could.

I daresay we both forgot about Jorge being there. Hell, I'd forgotten about the bars around us!

But Jorge stepped into my vision then, naked, his hard cock at attention, his face grinning down at me.

"Told you she needed it," he said, his fingers softly crawling to my nipple across my chest. 

I knew it wouldn't stay that gentle.

Max responded in kind, adding another finger, flicking his tongue against my clit harder, watching me respond.

Jorge squeezed my nipple hard just then, clearly waiting for the perfect moment.

I cried out loudly, trembling, unable to predict the moves of two men.

"Mmm, slut," Jorge smiled down. "You know we can't have you getting noisy like that. I'm afraid your new guard seems to understand your needs too well," he said, pointing his cock close to my lips.

I didn't need any further encouragement to know what he wanted, and I was crazy for cock by now, unable to stay still as they both touched me and Max's tongue mastered by pussy. I sucked Jorge's hard cock into my hot mouth and felt his hand land on my head in approval. 

My moans may have been muffled, but they both felt it as I started to cum hard. Max fucked my pussy with his hand as he watched me buck.

"Goddamn," he breathed, as he watched me come down from it, dizzy with the experience.

Jorge grunted, too close as my mouth worked his cock. He pulled out of my wet lips, leaving me gasping and looked at Max.

Max nodded and almost feverishly tore his own clothes off. My eyes went over his beautiful body before he stepped close, and all I saw was his hard cock.

His hand found my head and he pulled firmly at my hair. "Kneel," is all he said, and I eagerly slipped to the concrete floor in front of him, my lips finding his cock and looking up.

"Mmm, that's it," murmured, caressing my face. "Give Daddy a show."

His words and tone made me so eager, but also helped me control my hot desire to taste him so that I could let my tongue linger as it slipped around the ridge of his cock softly. I looked up as he leaned his head back a fraction of an inch as I wetted his cock. 

I was so pleased to be pleasing him that I didn't really notice Jorge come up behind me. It wasn't until my head came up from giving Max's balls a tongue bath while slowly stroking his wet cock that I saw Max nodding over my head. Max stepped back, pulling my body forward with him as I felt large hands on my ass.

I moaned in surprise at the touch as Max simultaneously pulled my warm mouth forward over his cock. I stared up at him, bobbing slowly, my eyes wide as I felt a cock teasing my pussy.

"Mmm, I imagine you've fantasized about this before," Max grinned down at me, tousling my hair possessively. "Being fucked between two cocks," he smiled with a small shudder, and I saw the effect my mouth was having. 

Jorge barely dipped his head in, getting it wet but no more. They'd apparently silently agreed to torture me with teasing. I barely got to suck any of Max's long cock.

I moaned, trying to move to suck more, but was held back by his hand in my hair.

I pushed back, but Jorge was ready for me, not letting me take his cock into me any more.

I felt Jorge's body over mine as he leaned to my ear. "Does my slut need some hard cock?" he asked, not gently. I shuddered and nodded, moving in both directions but not getting more.

"Bad?" he asked, straightening some, both hands going around to my breasts.

I nodded, unable to speak as I sucked on the cock I had in my mouth, making noise on it in assent and desire.

He pinched. Hard.

The flare of desire was bright and made me moan aloud, bucking between the two cocks.

I heard a grunt as they both took action, filling my holes with their cocks.

"Mmmmmph!" I cried out, feeling them fill me.

Their hands guided me back and forth, settling into a rhythm as they satisfied their cocks as they used my eager body, first one then the other filling me, moving me back and forth to squeeze their cocks.

Whenever either one wanted me to fuck harder they just reached to my nipples, squeezing and watching as I fucked harder in response.

I felt Jorge driving in harder first, using my hips to pull me back into him, his balls slapping my clit.

I moaned, knowing what it meant, my lips tightening as I looked up at Max. He looked down at me intensely and started pushing in too, taking my face rather than being sucked.

It was so good, feeling them both driving in. Neither showed any signs of letting up, and I knew I was about to take a lot of cum.

I could taste Max already, and I moaned louder. Jorge's balls were rubbing my clit good. My pussy tightened and it sent him over. He pumped in deep as he emptied his cock in my wet pussy, sending me into my own waves of pleasure. 

My pussy squeezed rhythmically as I moaned on Max's beautiful cock. The vibrations of my moans made him thrust deeper, possessing my little mouth, cumming hard.

"Mmmm!" I moaned as I tried to swallow him quickly, trying to keep up with his hard orgasm as he fed me.

They both stroked slowly in and out as they left my mouth and pussy, Max letting me clean him up some as he released me.

I gasped as they finally withdrew.

"Mmm, slut, don't you worry, I think now that he's got the hang of it, he'll really like being a part of the night shift and help put you to bed again."

I looked between the two of them and saw Max's eyes twinkle as he gave me a languid and satisfied caress. 

"That's for damn sure," he said, tweaking my nipple and then leaving it alone, already giving me reason to anticipate his (or their?) next shift.