 She lay there for a while listening to their combined breathing, feeling the cum oozing from her pulsating pussy. She smiled as she remembered the two men fucking her and the taste of the hot, salty cum in her mouth. Her hand moved lazily from stroking Gary's chest down to her smooth belly until her fingers were stroking her cum smeared pussy lips. Both men watched as she rubbed her still-swollen clitty, spreading the lips so that Bill had a perfect view as she worked two fingers in and out of her hot hole. Her breathing became heavier and she moaned with pleasure as Gary and Bill were getting harder and more excited watching her fuck her pussy with her fingers.

Bill slithered up between her legs, his dick hard against her. He could smell her woman scent, his face inches from her as she probed and rubbed, her fingers glistening with a combination of juices and cum. She paused and offered her wet fingers to him. He took first one and then the other into his mouth, sucking and licking them, tasting her sex and Gary's cum.

Gary was watching his woman with pride and admiration, his dick once again hard as he stroked it, enjoying the scene before him. He knelt besides Fee's head and offered his stiff cock to her soft, wet mouth. As her tongue licked its way down his swollen shaft she could feel Bill's mouth working on her hot cunt, licking the cum smeared lips, flicking her sensitive clitty and making her gasp out loud. His tongue, starting near her ass, licked up the crack of her slippery pussy and plunged into her aching hole. Fee was squirming, clearly loving it. She took one of Gary's balls into her hot mouth and rolled her tongue around it as he grew even harder, wanking his dick with her small expert hands. 

Gary begged her to suck him; he needed desperately to be in her mouth. She smiled and slid the bulging head of his dick between her moist lips, sucking him into her soft wet mouth. Gently grasping her by the hair he began to fuck her sweet mouth, the same sweet mouth that Bill had shot his creamy load into earlier. Gary watched his dick sliding in and out of her eager lips. She looked up at him, gazing hungrily into his eyes as she sucked. Bill was lapping at her soaking cunt and Gary knew she wanted a hard dick ramming right into that hot hole of hers.

He lay back on the bed, propping himself up on a couple of soft pillows as she rolled over, her cunt dripping with juices, cum and saliva. She straddled his body, reached down to grasp his throbbing dick and started to rub it firmly against her clit.

Bill, stroking his own erection, watched enthralled as she lowered herself onto Gary's hard cock, sliding it in right up to his heavy balls while Gary sucked on her hard nipples. He moaned out loud as her tight wet pussy enveloped his solid cock. She began to rock her hips, riding him slowly; Gary, holding her hips, thrust himself deeper into her. He felt her tight cunt muscles squeezing him, milking his hardness as she slid up and down, faster and harder, gasping and moaning as her passion grew.

Bill knelt at the side of them wanking his thick cock with one hand and reaching out to rub Fee's hard nipples with the other. Wow! They looked great!

Gary was fucking her hard making her breasts jiggle about. Bill turned to Gary and offered his dick to Gary's mouth. He had never tasted a dick before but had often thought about it; now was his chance. While Fee was riding his swollen cock Gary found himself stroking Bill's and tasting its hot salty hardness, licking and sucking Bill's dick for all he was worth, sliding it in and out of his willing mouth. This was really something. He could feel Bill's dick filling his mouth, nearly touching the back of his throat.

The sight of her man sucking another man's cock was was so exciting to Fee that she couldn't stop herself from cumming in huge spasms, moaning out loudly as her cunt rhythmically contracted around Gary's hard dick. Juices spurted from her hot pussy as it throbbed and twitched. OMG! This was soooooooooo good.

Bill took his glistening cock from Gary's mouth and moved around to Fee's ass, rubbing and stroking it. He licked his finger and slowly pushed it into her tight asshole which intensified her orgasm so much she thought she was going to faint with sheer pleasure. Bill grabbed her ass and spread the cheeks wide exposing her tight, puckered asshole. Shiny and slippery from the juices seeping from her well-fucked cunt, he guided his dick to her entrance and gently pushed the bulging head into her ass.

Gary could feel Bill's dick rubbing against his own through the thin membrane of skin separating her pussy from her ass.

She was panting now as the head was fully inside her and Bill was slowly pushing more of his hard, thick dick into her. Gary was still fucking her hot cunt as Bill fucked her tight asshole. The sensation was just mind blowing. She felt so full; she was being fucked in both holes and loved it; as Bill drew out of her Gary rammed into her.

OMG! She felt herself cumming again. Gary could feel Bill's dick twitch and swell as Fee's orgasm began to shudder through her and this made his own orgasm begin to erupt. Fee felt them both begin to fuck her faster as her cunt went into great spasms, pulsating and throbbing around Gary's spurting dick. Bill pulled out of her ass and started to shoot streams of hot cum all over her quivering ass cheeks, splashing onto Gary's wet balls and thighs as he let out a loud groan of ecstasy.

Fee's dripping cunt milked Gary's dick as he shot his hot creamy load deep into her and once again they collapsed into a sweaty heap on the bed, panting and gasping.