 This is the continuation of Julie and Ashley's adventures. It isn't necessary to read the first chapter, but you will get a little bit of insight into them as well as Robert. Also, there is going to be some build up. So if you are looking for quick and hot, you might want to take a pass on this one.

All characters are over the age of 18, any likenesses or similarities to real people is completely coincidental. Hope you enjoy and any constructive criticism is appreciated.

*****

Hi everyone, my name is Julie. Ashley and I are roommates and she has persuaded me to tell you about what happened about two weeks after she gave Robert a blowjob while I watched. You see, I love sex just as much as the next person. But after that encounter, I couldn't stop thinking about it. Robert's cum tasted so good and with Julie sharing it with me, well I was a complete wreck the next two days.

Finally I had to do something about it. Julie had just left to go pick up some groceries for dinner. I quickly ran to my room. Grabbing my vibrator and my butt plug, I threw them on the bed. I quickly stripped out of my black spandex running shorts and black sports bra with green trim.

I glanced in the mirror and cupped my 34C breasts. I needed to find a guy. I needed to be fucked and fucked hard. All I could think of was Roberts thick seven inch dick and how good it would feel if he would take me from behind and pound my pussy. I pinched my nipples and moaned softly.

Picking up my rabbit vibe and nudging the butt plug to the center of the bed, I climbed onto the bed on my hands and knees. I turned on the vibe and slowly teased my slit. It felt so good, but the need was so deep inside me that I would need to cum more than once. A deep moan escaped me as I circled my clit with the toy. I could feel my juices already seeping out.

I quickly pulled the vibrator away and pressed it against my tightly puckered backdoor. Oh good I love ass play. It's filthy, and nasty and it gets me off so hard. I continued to circle by rosebud with the vibe; as I relaxed, I could feel myself opening. I dropped the toy in front of me and picked up my stainless steel butt plug. It's really cute, it has a heart shaped base with a pink crystal embedded in it.

I quickly guided the plug to my now dripping pussy. It was cool against my hot slit and I slowly slid it inside myself. Not only get it wet, but to warm it up. After sliding it in and out a few times, I pressed my face and chest into the bed and gripped my left ass cheek. Steadying myself, I pressed the butt plug against my sphincter steadily. The ache of violating myself was heaven and within less than a minute, the plug was encased in my behind.

Moaning from being filled back there, I picked up my rabbit vibe and turned it all the way up. I let my imagination wander. Thinking about two men fucking me at the same time. I had been fantasizing about double penetration for a couple of months and it always got me off sinfully good. Then suddenly I imagined Robert below me; slowly filling my pussy with his hot, hard cock and a faceless man behind me. Gripping my ass cheeks and feeding his manhood into me.

I plunged the toy in and out of my pussy. It felt so dirty, I started moaning Robert's name. In my minds eye, I was riding Robert's cock. My fantasy consumed me. "Yes Robert fuck my pussy! Ya dude drill my ass with that dick!" I moaned as my orgasm quickly approached. I barely even remember all the dirty things I was saying out loud. All I really cared about was cumming and it felt like a big one.

As I finally toppled over the edge; my pussy and ass contracted on the toys, I screwed my eyes shut and collapsed. It was certainly in my top five of 'best orgasms ever'. It's no wonder I never heard Ashley open the door to my room. When I was finally able to regain enough composure to open my eyes, I started to turn over. That's when I saw Ashley. She was looking down at me and her face was mixed with shock, knowing, and a hint of a smile.

"What the fuck Julie? Why were you begging Robert to 'Plow your cunt!'? And when did you start doing anal?" She asked me. Ashley was grinning like the Cheshire Cat now. I must have turned 10 shades of red in less than a second. I wasn't sure how to proceed. Ashley and I had never talked about anal, DP, or any of our fantasies.

"Oh god Ashley, I am sorry. I have been so horny. Ever since the other day when I watched you give Rob that blow job. His cum tasted so good. I just had to get myself off." I told her. Needless to say Ashley and I spent the rest of the evening discussing what had happen. Why I got off so hard and my fantasy of being double penetrated.

The next evening we sat down and devised a plan. She was going to help me fulfill my fantasy. She would convince Rob to set me up with one of his friends, someone she would check out before hand and approve. If all went accordingly, his friend would fuck my ass and Robert would get my pussy. Ashley even promised, that if she thought I truly enjoyed it, she would seriously consider letting them DP her too.

On Super Bowl Sunday Ashley and I got ready for the game. I finished my shower and makeup, then proceeded to my bed. I pulled on my red thong panties and snuggled them tight against my freshly shaved pussy. I had left a thin strip hair above my clit. It was just over two inches long. I picked out my white lace bra. It is embroidered with a silky floral pattern. A basic white pleated mini skirt that was so short, if I bent over, anyone standing behind me would easily see my ass. I finished off my outfit with a red crop top with a turtle neck. Between the skirt and my top, there was easily 7 or 8 inches of my stomach showing. I checked myself in the mirror. I looked and felt very sexy. 

When I got downstairs, Ashley was in the kitchen getting the snacks out. She had on a pair tight khaki shorts, a blue button down shirt and pair of sandals. She had the shirt unbuttoned far enough that you could see a glimpse of her black bra. She had the tales of the shirt tied in a knot just under her 36D chest. She looked really hot.

Rob and Chad showed up at our house about an hour later. Rob brought a case of beer; a good IPA, and Chad had a bottle of Tequila and a bag of limes. When I saw Chad, I knew this was going to be a night I would never forget. Chad is about 6' 1", with blonde hair, well developed biceps, and broad shoulders that taper down to a narrow waist. He is the epitome of the California surfer dude. Rob had on a pair of tight black jeans, a green t-shirt and a pair of sneakers. Chad was wearing a pair of tan cargo shorts, a dark green sleeveless t-shit, and hiking boots.

"Hi ladies, this is my friend Chad. He's my best friend from high school." Robert said.

"Hi Chad, nice to meet you." Julie replied as she took the beer from Rob.

"Welcome Chad, Tequila and limes. How thoughtful. Have a seat guys." I said as took the bottle and shook his hand.

Ashley and I had set out some chips and dip, was well as pretzels on the dinette table. I had picked up some hot dogs and rolls on Friday to cook on the grill at halftime. Ashley put the beer in the refrigerator and I put the Tequila on the table with the snacks. We had already turned on the pregame show, the guys took a seat in the living room.

As I walked into the kitchen, Ashley was opening the last beer. I walked up behind her and put my hand on her shoulder. "Thank you, I sure hope this goes as planned. That boy is hot." I told her in a low voice.

Ashley turned and handed me two beers. "You are welcome. I hope so too. And you better be right about this anal thing. Because if I decide to try it and it hurts, you are going to owe me." She said in that conspiratorial tone of hers. We both smiled, turned and headed into the living room.

Before I go any further, you need to know a little something about me. I grew up with three brothers. Football was on religiously, ever since I can remember. My dad and brothers watched it all the time. Saturdays, Sundays, Thursday and Monday night games; whether it was college or the pros. I learned the game, the players, and the teams. I know more about the football than most guys my age.

Robert was sitting in the chair and Chad was on the couch. Ashley handed Robert his beer and climbed onto his lap. I walked over to Chad, hand him a beer and sat in the middle of the couch; with Robert and Ashley to my right and Chad to my left.

The guys were discussing match-ups and I could tell Ashley was lost, she didn't have a clue. During the conversation, Chad brought up a point that I agreed with. He said that there was no way the team he was picking, could loose. It didn't matter that their first string QB was out with an injury, this was the best team they had ever put together.

I immediately jumped in. "Chad, have you lost your mind? There is no way they are winning. They are playing against the best team in the league over the, what, last 15 years? I would bet just about anything you are wrong."

Robert looked at me puzzled. "You know football Julie? What makes you think that team isn't destined to win their first Super Bowl? Their QB has been on fire the last few games and his overall performance since entering the league is better than 75% of the rest of the starting quarterbacks throughout." he exclaimed.

I had them hook, line and sinker. That team was destined to win as far as I was concerned, but I really needed to get fucked, fucked hard, and the thought of these two guys doing me made my pussy drip. I could only hope that their team would win.

"OK Robert and Chad, here is the bet. If my team wins, both of you have to go out in the back yard, naked and scream as loud as you can; my teams QB is the GOAT. That he is The Greatest Of All Time. And do it for 2 minutes" I told the boys.

The guys both looked at each other; a little wearily, but they both nodded their consent. "And if your team wins, I will let both of you have your way with me. I will blow you, I will fuck you, you can do almost anything you want to me." When I said that, the guys were flabbergasted. Chad's mouth hung open as he stared at me. Robert turned to look at Ashley, she just shrugged her shoulders. Then leaned over and whispered in his ear, just like we planned. " It's, OK sweetie. I don't mind, I trust you and her implicitly."

Chad was still not convinced; but when Robert started smiling, Chad turned back to me and I just nodded. A grin a mile wide formed on his face. He picked up his beer and sat back on the couch and finished it off.

We all sat and watched the first half, drinking beers and doing shots of Tequila. Just before half-time I asked Chad to come out and help me with the grill. He is a great guy. He opened the door for me as I carried the hot dogs. As I bent over to turn on the gas, he gave my ass a playful, but hard swat. My pussy had been wet watching the game; thinking about getting fucked by these guys, but now it was dripping.

"Hey, what was that for!?" I yelped.

"I couldn't help myself. That red thong is sexy as fuck. You have a great ass and I can't wait to collect on this bet." He told me.

I started the grill and turned to him, put my hands on his shoulders. Dam, I bet this guy could throw me all over the bed. "Chad, you seem like a nice guy. You are friends with Rob and you are a good looking guy. I want to make one thing perfectly clear. I am not a slut. Hell, there is a very good chance you may end up out here naked. That being said, I would like to get to know you better. Maybe after all is said and done today, we can go out somewhere." I told to him.

He leaned down and gave me a kiss that made me drip. My thong was soaked through now. It was passionate, yet restrained. He completely understood and was happy to go at my pace. A pace that I fully intended to accelerate after the half-time show. As I returned the kiss, I slid my hands down his arms to his hips and then back to get a feel of his ass. It was just as firm and muscular as the rest of him.

After we separated, we grilled up the hot dogs and carried them into the house. Rob and Ashley were still in the chair, they were kissing passionately. Their tongues were in each others mouths, Ashley was grinding her ass into his crotch and Rod was massaging her right boob. " Hey you two, foods ready" Chad called to them.

As I put the tray down on the table, Chad picked up a roll. "Julie, how do you like your buns?" He asked. The sexual innuendo was clear.

"I would love a hot piece of meat in my buns. Just slide it right in there. I can handle it." I replied.

Chad didn't even miss a beat. "One hot beef injection coming right up." He replied with a devilish grin on his face.

We sat and ate as we watched one of the best half-time shows in quite a while. When I excused myself from the group, I gave Ashley a wink. She quickly told the guys she would be back shortly as well. We went into the bathroom and closed the door.

"So hows is it going with Chad?" she asked me.

"Oh, like you don't know. You heard him. 'Hot beef injection'? If they lose the bet and have to strip, I'm going to be very disappointed. But Chad and I will be fucking sooner or later. But if I lose, I am getting his cock in my ass and Rob's in my pussy. I need, NO WE need to do some more shots." I said.

"Sounds good to me. Just follow my lead and no matter what, lets just have fun." She replied.

When we came out, the third quarter had started and I went and sat next to Chad. I put my hand on his right thigh and he put his arm across my shoulders. It just felt right. About 5 minutes later Ashley came out with a bowl of cut up limes and grabbed the salt shaker off the dinette table.

"Body Shots Bitches!" she exclaimed as she set everything down on the coffee table.

"Sounds good to me." Rob said.

Chad once again had a big smile on his face. Ashley poured all of us shots and we passed them around. I picked up the salt and a lime wedge. "Where?" I said as I looked at Chad.

Chad just leaned over and began kissing my throat. He sucked and licked, making the area moist. When he pulled away he took the shaker and sprinkled some on me. I placed the lime in my mouth as he licked away the salt. He downed his shot and then proceeded to extract the lime from my mouth.

Ashley and Rob mimicked us. The body shots became more adventurous as time went by. We all drank a few more beers. I was well on my way to being drunk, and I could tell Ashley was right there with me. When I got my first glimpse of Chad's stomach, I knew that no matter the out come of the game, he and I would be up in my room tangled in my sheets until someone called "No Mas".

With seconds left in the game, I watched with bated breath. The opposition was making a last ditch effort to score. For as inebriated as I was, my sphincter was tightly clenched. When I saw the ball fall hopelessly to the ground; I jumped to my feet, screaming YES at the top of my lungs. Everyone was ecstatic.

Robert was the first to catch my slip up. "Wait, what the fuck Julie? Why are you so happy?" He asked.

"OK guys, look I can appreciate a well deserved win. I lost the bet and I am willing to pay up." I told them, in hopes of diverting their attention from my slip up.

Just then, Chad grabbed me and whispered in my ear, "Really Julie? I don't think you wanted to win. You were only using the situation for your own gain." When he said that, my head started spinning.

Chad knew. He had seen through my plan in the end. We were pressed together. My pussy was hot, wet and desperately in need. His cock felt big, hot and stiff, pressed against my bare stomach. "Shut up and take me!" I whispered back. He replied by biting my neck.

Chad grabbed my wrist and pulled me with him. "Come on Rob; to the victors go the spoils!" he exclaimed. Fuck me, I thought. Chad was taking control and there was no way I could stop this now.

When we got to the top of the stairs, he pushed me in front of him. He growled at me, "GO" and once again smacked my ass. As I led him the my bed, I could hear Ashley and Rob talking as they came up the stairs.

"Go ahead baby, I wana see you fuck her. I can't wait to see your thick cock sliding in and out of her pussy." Ashley reassured Rob.

As soon as I got into my bedroom, Chad spun me around to face him. With his left hand behind my head, he pulled me in for a passionate kiss. I opened my mouth a searched for his tongue with mine. His right hand groped my left breast roughly. I blindly searched for his belt. When I finally was able to find it, I quickly got is unfastened and practically ripped them open. I quickly dropped to my knees and pushed his shorts to the floor.

My mouth and lips were already wet from our kiss. But when I saw the outline of his dick; confined in his black boxer briefs, a little bit of saliva leaked from the corner of my mouth. Chad was just as long as Rod, but it looked even thicker.

Chad pulled his shirt off as I gripped the the waistband and pulled them down to his knees. His fat cock smacked me in the forehead as I unleashed him. "Oh GOD!" I moaned. I gripped his hot shaft and that's when I noticed Ashley and Rob.

Rob had stripped his shirt off, Ashley had his jeans and underwear below his knees. She was stroking his 7 inch dick. "Are you ready to fuck Julie's pussy baby? I know how good this thing feels in mine. You always fuck me so good." She asked him.

Chad grabbed my blonde hair in both hands, guiding my mouth to his dick. "Time to pay the piper, so get sucking. Get me good and hard you dirty little slut." He said as I opened my mouth wide to accept his fat cock. 

I looked up into his eyes, the passion was evident. As soon as I had half of him in my mouth he groaned and threw his head back. I started backing off of him. When I got to the tip, he pulled me back down and I accepted him. Swirling my tongue as I went, he tightened his grip on my hair.

When I got two thirds of the way down, I started to pull back. But Chad was having none of that. He kept steady pressure and forced me to take his entire length. I gagged slightly when the head of his cock hit the back of my throat. Saliva was dripping out of my mouth. My chin was cover with it.

"OH YA, your a good little cock-sucker! Anyone ever told you that Julie? I love that sound when you gag on my dick. I bet your pussy is soaked." He told me.

"Rob, let's finish getting her naked. It's time for us to collect our debt." Chad said, as he pulled his dripping cock out of my mouth. He then reached down and quickly pulled my top off of me. When I was able to see again, Rob was behind me. He helped me stand and turned me to face him.

Chad and Rob worked in tandem, to remove more of my clothes. Chad unhooked my bra and slipping it off me. He tossed it somewhere. Rob had crouched down and ran his hands up my thighs; under my skirt, till he reached my thong. Chad reached around and pushed my breasts together. His rough hands sending sparks from my nipples to my pussy and back up to my brain.

Rod pulled my thong down and helped me step out of them. "Chad, get a load of this. Her panties are soaking wet. Her thighs are glazed with her juices." He exclaimed.

"Let me see those Rob." Ashley said. As he tossed them too her; Chad gripped both of my nipples, lightly pinching and pulling my breasts up and out. I couldn't help moaning. Rob lifted my skirt and leaned in to give my pussy a long lick.

The guys were treating me just like in one of my fantasies. I was teetering on the edge of an orgasm."OH FUCK! That feels so good guys. I going to cum. OH GOD, your tongue feels so good Rob." I moaned loudly.

"You taste so sweet Julie. I can't wait to fuck your hot wet pussy." Rob replied.

Chad finally released my nipples and turned me around. Our tongues met once more. When I felt Rob grip my cheeks and pry them apart, my breath caught in my throat. Would he really do it?
