 This is a quick story I wrote while taking a break from the Britnee stories. I hope you like it. I will be taking a break from the internet for a few weeks/months so, 

Thanks again for all the views, favorites and responses! 

I shall return with more stories as soon as I can. Until then, Enjoy!

*

SLAPPAPPAPPAPPAPP... 

The sound of Julie Juggs huge, fake tits pummelling the man's face could almost be heard over the loud disco music of the Gentleman's club she was performing at. The man was a fat, ugly slob, but, the five Ben Franklins he had waved at her for a private dance had been plenty good looking enough for her. Besides, she thought, if he wants to feel what being slapped with tits filled with seven liters of saline each feels like, who am I to judge. She smiled as she wondered how he would explain the bruises on his face to his wife later. As the song playing wound down, Julie pressed the guy's bald head tight against her huge, cantaloupe-sized breasts and held him there for a count of 30, almost suffocating the poor bastard.

After releasing him, Julie stood and thanked the speechless, gasping man and slipped the money down her thong before blowing a kiss and exiting the private booth. She loved the feel of crisp dollars rubbing against her pussy almost as much as she loved her enormous, enhanced tits. 

Julie Juggs was a rising star in the world of exotic feature dancers. She traveled the country dancing in strip clubs as a featured performer. The clubs would advertise on radio and social media and post her name and publicity photos on their marquee. Julie usually stayed in each city or town for two or three days, dancing tree shows a night and signing and selling autographed pictures of herself and allowing the club's patrons to take pictures with her for a small fee. 

Occasionally, a local radio or tv station would invite her to come over and do an interview. She always enjoyed doing them, joking around with the morning DJs and telling lewd stories. The tv shows were much less silly, Julie dressed up for them and only showed a small amount of cleavage. She would talk about her touring, the business she owned with her husband, Rob, why she decided to get breast implants and why such big ones and, she spent as much time as she could promoting her website, JulieJuggsXXX.com, as well as her club, Stripper Sluts, located in Hootertonville Ohio.

Julie got a bottle of water from the bartender and spent the next hour signing autographs and taking pictures with fans. When a tall, handsome black man walked up, Julie grinned and gave him a big hug.

"Tyrone! I was hoping to see you again," she exclaimed. "My last visit must have been a good one!"

"Good to see you, baby," the man replied. Tyrone was about 6'3" and wearing a suit cut to fit his well-muscled body. He had a dark complexion and short hair with sideburns and a mustache. Julie had met him on her last trip to this club and after giving him a private dance had invited him to see her the next time she was in town. She normally didn't do this but, the bulge in his pants as she ground against him had made her wet with lust.

"So how do you like Des Moines," Tyrone asked, smiling as he stood with her for a photo.

"I can't say, " Julie giggled. "You know how it is. Hotel and club then, on to the next town. I never see anything else. Except for the broadcast booths at the stations.

Tyrone chuckled, "Yeah, I feel ya. Tell you what, if your in town a few days, I'll take you to lunch and a tour of the sites. Iowa is a happenin' place!"

"It's a date!"

Oh, and I did what you said, baby. I brought a few friends to meet you. They's all big fans of yours! We all just love them big ol' titties o' yours!"

Julie blushed as he waved five more black men over. Tyrone made the introductions. Julie greeted each man with a quick hug and a peck on the cheek before taking pictures with each one individually and then some pictures with the whole group. She felt herself getting aroused as each man was very good looking and well built. She couldn't help wondering what kind of package each one had in his pants and, she wanted to find out. 

As Tyrone turned to return to his table, Julie handed him a business card from the hotel she was staying at with her cell number and room number written on the back.

"Call me after the show. I wanna freshen up and have a little party. Make sure you bring your friends."

Tyrone grinned and kissed her cheek. "Sure thing, baby. We'll be there."

Julie went to her dressing room and picked up her phone. She texted: Its all setup. Later after the show.

She changed her costume and waited for the DJ to announce her for her final show of the evening.

At the hotel, Julie stripped and stepped into the shower. She sighed as the hot water caressed her skin. She loved how the water felt on her round, heavy, cantaloupe shaped tits. She massaged her tits, moaning as she did so. They're so fucking big and sexy, she thought. I could cum just rubbing them! Julie poured body wash all over herself and soaped up, paying extra attention to her pussy and ass before massaging the soap onto and all around her massive tits. Her hand roamed over the soft flesh. She squeezed and lifted them to get the skin under her tits clean and soaped her cleavage. She couldn't help moaning loudly as she washed her heavy juggs, she was so turned on by them. Her nipples were rock hard and she pulled and twisted them and lifted her tits to her mouth to try to lick them.

After several minutes of loving her enormous rack, the platinum-haired vixen rinsed off and stepped from the shower. She toweled off and began rubbing scented lotion over her skin. As she massaged her perfectly round tits again, she sat down on the toilet.

"Screw it!" Julie spread her legs and began furiously rubbing her wet, burning cunt. She squeezed a tit with one hand and moaned even louder as she brought herself to orgasm! The feeling of her huge tits and the thought of six hung black men had her hornier than she had been in days! 

"Yes," she cried out, trembling and shaking as the orgasm washed over her. It was a few moments before she could rise and wipe herself clean again. Shaking her head and giggling, she finished applying light makeup to her face and exited the bathroom.

She picked up her phone and called Rob. "Hey, babe, how's it going?"

"Ok. Miss you like crazy," Rob replied. 

"Me too. Just a few more days and I'll be home. I got a little party set up for tonight."

"Mmm," Rob sighed, "Is it what we talked about?"

"That's right, babe... they should be here soon."

"Well , don't let me keep you. Let me know how it goes."

"Of course, Baby! You'll love it! Gotta run. Love You!"

"Love you too!" Rob hung up. 

Julie dressed in a very tiny white bikini with white, fishnet stockings and a long sleeve, white fishnet crop top. She put on a pair of 4-inch white stilettos and admired herself in the room's full-length mirror.

A moment later, she received a text: Just parked the car. Will be knocking shortly.

Julie responded: Cant wait!

Julie checked the room's mini-fridge and pulled out a bucket of ice before she went to answer the knock on her door. Tyrone and his friends walked in and greeted her with much enthusiasm. 

"Well, hi, gentlemen. Make yourselves at home," Julie grinned, walking and turning so the men could get a good look at her. There's beer in the fridge and a bottle of whiskey on the table. Help yourselves."

A few of the men made drinks and the group stood around as Julie made small talk and sized each man up. She was very pleased with them. Each man was good looking and well dressed. A few wore suits, a few were more casually dressed and, they all looked like they had serious meat in their pants.

Tyrone sat on the edge of the bed, "So, what kind of party did you have in mind, baby?"

"Well," Julie replied, massaging her huge tits, "I was hoping you guys could help me with a little problem." She began slowly dancing from each man to the next, making sure each one got a good look at her incredible assets. "I keep hearing these rumors that black men have gigantic cocks and know how to use them on little white women like me. So... I was hoping you could show me whether or not these rumors were true..."

The men in the room responded with glee. "Hellz yeah" "Mmm mm mmm" "Sho' nuff, girl"

Tyrone grinned and stood up. He pulled his jacket off and started unbuttoning his shirt.

"Yes, that's it," Julie breathed, "It's your turn to strip for me. Get those clothes off and show me what you got!"

She sat in a chair and sipped a drink as she watched the half-dozen black men strip. She wasn't displeased by what she saw. Every man in the room was well built and muscled. They could be professional athletes, Julie thought. Three of the men were tall, the others more average height. One man, Lenny, was a few inches shorter than Julie. Their skin tones varied from light skinned to almost black. The one thing they all had in common was the size of their cocks! 

They ranged in size from around eight inches to at least ten inches and all six cocks were thick and fat. Julie's cunt jerked slightly as she gazed at them. Some were straight, some curved up, some curved down and one twisted and bent sideways to the left. My god, she thought, those are some huge cocks!

Julie rose and moved to the center of the room. "Mmm, I like what I see... Damn, I'm getting hot!" The men crowded around her in a circle. "Yes, boys, don't be shy."

She traced her fingers up each cock as the men began massaging her body. Tyrone slipped her top up over her head and began kissing her. Julie responded with her tongue, kissing him deeply as she began jerking his fat prick as she pulled on another. Another man, Rufus, began kissing her neck and Julie turned to kiss him back. She felt hands on her massive tits and moaned as she filled her hands with cock. 

"Yes!, Feel my tits! Squeeze them! Kiss them!" Julie moaned, grinding her hips and stroking more cocks! 

A tongue filled her mouth as another hand pulled her bikini top off. Two mouths were instantly on her tits, licking and sucking the hot flesh and taut nipples! Julie cried out with passion.

"Yesss! Suck my titties! Worship them! Worship my huge fake tits!"

She was stroking cocks with abandon and kissing every mouth that touched hers. Spread her legs wide as she felt fingers under her thong teasing her dripping pussy. First one finger, then two and three slipped inside her burning hot cunt. Multiple fingers and thumbs rubbed her clit. Julie felt her knees go weak and she clamped down on the cocks in her hands for balance.

"Shit! You guys are gonna make me cum," she gasped as more hands molested her swollen round breasts, squeezing and rubbing harder and harder as tongues and lips worked her nipples! "Take my panties off! Tear 'em off if you have too!"

Her panties were ripped away from her in record time.she couldn't stop grinding and gyrating on the fingers fucking her pussy like multiple cocks! As a finger slipped up her tiny, tight asshole, Julie cried out again and came on the invading digits!

"Yessss!" she screamed! "You're making me cummmmm!!!"

She kicked off her shoes as two men lifted and held her arms as she stood quaking and spasming in orgasmic joy. Her massive, impossibly round tits slapped together as she rocked on the fingers impaling her holes! It was several minutes before she could breathe normally and open her eyes, her orgasm was so intense.

Finally, she looked at her studs and grinned. "Woooo! Fuck Yeah! And we're just getting started! You guys like my tits?"

"Fuck! They're amazing!" "So sweet!" Holy shit, they are so fuckin' big! I just gotta fuck 'em!" were just some of the responses.

"Well, boys... here's the rules... There are none. I'm yours to do with as you please! You can put your glorious cocks wherever you like! My pussy, my ass, and my mouth are yours for the rest of the night! I'm your little white whore and I need me some Big Black Cock!"

Tyrone grinned, "Then get on your knees, bitch! You gonna suck some big black cock!"

Julie sank to her knees and grabbed Tyrone's nine-inch prick. She swirled her tongue around it as she pulled it into her mouth and sucked as hard as she could. She jacked another huge prick as she sucked and felt more hard cock slapping against her heavy tits. She then shifted her face and sucked another huge prick. Then another. Then another. She looked each man in the eye as she worked their cock with her mouth. Her hands stroked and pulled on any cock she wasn't sucking. Hard, fat cock was everywhere! In her mouth. On her face. In her hair and between her tits. 

"God, I love big black cock," she gasped before stuffing her mouth again, this time taking the prick to the back of her throat and doing her best to swallow every hard inch.

Bill, the owner of the cock placed his hands on her head and pulled her to him, fucking her mouth! "Yeah, bitch," he groaned, "That's how you suck a black dick!"

He released her as she started to gag, spit drooling from her gasping mouth. Julie slurped another hard cock into her mouth and took it deep. Then another huge black cock. And another. Soon, her face was covered with spit and tears and spit dripped off her chin onto her heavy tits. Julie was a wanton cock slut, sucking and stroking all the big black cock she could get! Back and forth, cock after cock filled her throat and hands. She couldn't get enough!

Jerome, the stud with the twisted prick, blew his wad all over her face as she was throating Rufus down to his balls. Julie pulled herself off to catch as much jizz as she could, lapping it up and grinning as she swallowed for her new black cock swingers. 

"God help me," she gasped, rubbing hard cock all over her face, "I love black cock! I fucking Love IT!!!"

Tyrone stepped back and sat in a chair, stroking his massive cock. "Somebody get in that pussy! She's dripping for it!"

Julie crawled over to him. "Fuck me! Somebody fuck me! Fuck me with your Big Black Cocks!"

She began licking up and down the length of Tyrone's veiny prick as Bill knelt behind her and stuffed his ten-inch monster inside her sopping cunt. Julie screamed as the huge cock split her open and stretched her tight hole to the limit. Bill grunted, grabbed her hips and began pounding her cunt hard and deep. Julie moaned and filled her mouth with Tyrone's cock! Her huge, massive tits swung and slapped as she bounced back and forth on Bill's hard meat. He fucked her hard for several minutes as her cunt gripped and squeezed his prick like a vice. He pulled out and Julie sobbed for the emptiness in her cunt. 

Jesse, filled the void with his nine inches of black cock goodness as Tyrone held Julie's face to his balls. She greedily licked and sucked his heavy nutsack and cried out as Jesse pumped her full of cock. Julie pounded her ass back, feeling another orgasm building.

'Gonna Gonna Gonna CUMMMMM!!! YESSSSSSSSSSSSS!!! Cumming on your Black Cock!!!"

Jesse pulled her against his belly as she convulsed through her orgasm.Then he pulled out and Rufus straddled her hips, drilling down into her quaking hole and pulling her hair back as Tyrone stood and stifled his moans with a hard cock to the throat! Julie felt like a pig roasting on a spit and she loved it! She had never fucked so many men at the same time before and never fucked a black man ever and she loved being a black cock slut even more! The thought of it caused another orgasm to rip through her. She thought she was going to die fucking black cock.

Lenny, the shortest of the group, with a nine-inch cock that looked even bigger on his short frame, was staring at Julie's heavy, swinging tits. He stroked hard and slid under her to squeeze and suck on the cantaloupe sized juggs. As he did so, he tried to stuff his cock up her pussy alongside Rufus!

"Damn, tiny," Rufus grinned, "Wait your goddamn turn!"

Rufus pulled out allowing Lenny to slide deep into Julie's throbbing hole. He grabbed her ass and pumped his hips to drill her from below. Rufus moved next to Tyrone and Julie grabbed his dripping cock and sucked the cum from the shaft. She then began licking both cocks, back and forth and rubbing the throbbing heads together as she tongued them. She tried to fit both cocks in her mouth, she was so horny! Tyrone and Rufus helped her by pulling her forward and splitting her mouth open with their enormous meat!

"AHH, I'm cumming again," Julie cried! She flung herself down, smothering Lenny with her gigantic tits as her spasming cunt milked his pounding cock.

'Oh, Shit! Ima fill this pussy!" Lenny yelled, his words muffled by the heavy, fat tit-flesh smothering his face.He jerked his hips as he erupted deep into Julie's pussy! Hot jizz squirted out around his pulsing cock as he filled her cunt to overflowing.

Julie rolled over onto the floor as she gasped and groaned from orgasmic lust. Tyrone picked her up and laid her on the bed. He pushed her legs back and stuffed his throbbing cock deep into her tight cunt. Julie cried out again as the big man pounded her senseless!

"Look at them big titties," hollered one of the crowd as they watch Julie's massive, round breasts bounce and swing from the hard fucking. Tyrone had one foot planted on the floor and one on the bed as he drilled Julie's cunt deep and hard. He grabbed her huge tits and used them for leverage as he pumped even deeper!

"Goddamn, I loves some big ass titties, " he groaned! "Shit! This bitch so sexy, I'm gonna shoot my load all over them!"

"Yes, Baby!" Julie cried! "Shoot your load all over my tits! My big, fake tits! Give it to me! Give me that juice!"

Tyrone groaned loudly and stroked his cock as it erupted! A huge rope of sticky, hot cum shot out and splashed onto Julie's face followed by more ropes that splattered her enormous, heaving round tits. Tyrone thrust his hips with each blast, emptying his heavy balls all over the blonde, mega-jugged slut!

As he stepped away, Rufus took his place and stuffed his raging cock into her flexing cunt. He drilled with animal lust before pulling out and giving Julie his own cum shower. Bill leaped on the bed and filled his hands with Julie's fake tits and slid his ten-inch cock between them, using the other men's cum as lube for his pistoning dick.

"I just gotta fuck these titties," H yelled! He pumped his hips back and forth, sliding his fat cock between her flesh mounds. Julie pressed her hands to her tits, making her cleavage as tight as she could! The feeling of a huge, hot cock sliding against her tit-flesh made her so horny, she felt like she was going to explode! Before she could, Bill exploded! His throbbing cockhead spat hot, thick jizz into her gaping mouth and onto her tits as he pulled up and aimed his prick at them.

Julie swallowed his cum and rubbed her hands on her face before licking them clean. "More," she begged, "Give me more! I need your hot cum! Give it to me!"

Jesse straddled her torso and slapped his heavy prick on her tits again and again, causing Julie to buck and jerk under him. She pushed her massive juggs up for him to fuck as Tyrone and Jesse knelt by her face and took turns stuffing her mouth with their enormous, black cocks. Julie grunted and licked, sucked and gagged on the hard cocks like a gluttonous whore as she felt another huge cock stretch her pussy wide. She moaned on the fat prick in her mouth as she came again, milking both cocks with her cunt and lips!

Her orgasm triggered theirs and the fat cocks spewed hot cum into her cunt and mouth, almost choking Julie. She gagged and gasped as her body flopped and jerked, making her 7k mil. each implanted tits bounce and slap together. Tyrone grabbed ahold of them and squeezed hard, trying to control them!
