 Back in college, I started going out with this girl named Julie. I'd met her in one of my English Lit classes and we got along really well. She was a slender girl with a bit of a hippie look. Long blonde hair. Cute like one of those fantasy paintings you see of fairies. Her tattoos, her casual attitude towards hygiene, and the fact that she smoked pot all had made me peg her as an easy lay. That turned out to not be the case.

She lived in a basement suite of her Mom's house. That was OK, because it meant that we mostly had our privacy. Four guys shared the place that I was renting, and with no locks on the doors and the other guys having no sense of personal boundaries, I was afraid to take her back there. But at her place, it seemed like every time we were getting close to doing it, something would interfere. Her Mom would knock on the door, or the fire alarm would go off upstairs, or her Mom would need help with something or other. One time after a long night of partying, I had Julie's top off and was nuzzling her cute little nipples, and her Mom just walked straight in. I had already stripped my own clothes off and leaped up to cover myself, my rapidly waning erection flapping like a broken sail boom. Fortunately it seemed that Julie's Mom hadn't even noticed. Her mascara was running and it looked like she was pretty distraught. She was wailing something about a bad date. As Julie consoled her Mom, she wordlessly shrugged at me. Ruefully I got dressed. I wound up staying the night but there was no sex, the mood had been ruined. This went on for a month and a half, and I was really starting to get frustrated. I was, after all, in college, and my primary mission was to get laid. There wasn't much I could do about it though. Julie wasn't into doing it in a car or in an area where we could get caught. I was too broke to get a motel room, I didn't have any friends that I could trust to lend me their places, and I still didn't want to take such a hot and seemingly innocent girl back to my own pad. It looked like I might have to move on. But then I hit on a different tact: Get her at home in the mood at a time when her Mom couldn't be there. Genius.

One morning I convinced her to skip class and go for a picnic on the river. I'd borrowed a small dingy off a friend and rowed us out to a little island that's in the middle. It's actually visible from a major freeway, but thickly wooded and it gives you an odd sense of isolation. From the center of the island, you can seen the rest of the world but they can't actually see you. It was perfect. A couple of bottles of cheap wine later we started making out, and then getting heavy. As expected, she balked at getting naked in such an exposed area and insisted we go back to her place. I was happy to oblige. I knew that her Mom would be at work in the middle of the day.

Back at her place things proceeded very quickly. Clothes came off and we tumbled into her bed. I pushed my head into her hair to nibble her ear. It smelled like incense, pot, and dried sweat. I used my knee to lever her legs apart and position my cock above her pussy. As I moved to thrust into her, I felt her hand grasp my shaft like the grip of a fencing sword and slide up to bump against my pubes, stopping my penetration.

"What's your hurry?" She murmured.

I was not able to articulate an answer. In addition to not getting laid for over six weeks, I had stopped masturbating when I conceived of this plan and had a three or four day load built up in my balls. No small thing when you are in your early twenties.

It was about then that I heard a car roll into the driveway.

My head slumped. "Aww, for fuck's sakes." I collapsed into the bed.

We lay there as the sounds of a person opening the door and coming into the house came from overhead.

"Mom?" Julie called out, "Mom come down here."

I looked at Julie for a second in astonishment and then began reaching for my pants.

Julie put a restraining arm on my shoulder. "No, no, no, it's OK. Just wait."

Reluctantly, I subsided, although I pulled the bed sheet up under my chin.

Julie's Mom had by then come down the stairs and opened the door. She leaned in the doorway, looking from me to Julie.

Julie said, "I think we're going to have to do what we talked about."

Her Mom nodded and came into the suite, sitting down in a chair at the foot of the bed.

Julie turned to me. "Nathan, I'm a virgin. And my Mom and I agreed that I'll stay a virgin until I'm married. That's why we have all of these ruses to keep you out of my pants."

"Um," I said, "OK, then..." I started reaching for my pants again.

"Just hold on," Julie's mother raised her hand. "I had Julie when I was very young, out of wedlock. I wound up having to give up a lot of things to raise her, and I don't want her to have to go through the same struggle for some meaningless casual sex. So while I've allowed her to indulge herself in many ways - with drugs, a liberal arts education, and so forth - the one thing we've both agreed against has been pre-marital sex."

"With your family and your future in the banking industry, Mom and I have agreed that you would be an ideal marriage candidate when I decide to settle down," continued Julie, "I've also become very fond of you, and we realize that we might actually be driving you away if we don't do something to keep you sexually satisfied. So Mom has agreed to take care of you."

"Take care of me?"

Julie's Mom nodded. "Whenever you need it, I will give you a hand job."

"A hand job." I was dumbfounded. Not only was Julie revealed to be not the free spirited hippie chick that she pretended to be, but a coldly calculating gold digger who would pimp out her mother. It was insulting not only that she thought I would actually even take a girl like her home to meet my family, with her dollar store fashion sense and peace symbol tattoo on the back of her hand, let alone actually marry her. Or that I could be bought off with a hand job.

Her mother took my silence for something else. She leaned forward and ran a hand up my thigh. "It will be alright honey," she said, "I've seen all kinds. One of the things that I had to do after Julie was born to make ends meet was work in a massage parlour. I'm very good at it."

My God, I thought, this chick's Mom worked in a jack-shack and she thought that a guy like me would marry her daughter? A scathing retort simmered in my throat. I was tremendously pissed off, but what if I could make this work to my advantage? I still wanted to bang Julie, if I could, and her Mom was still quite good looking, not even in her forties yet. A little on the heavier side, but with well padded boobs and bootie. And I was still horny as shit. In spite of the circumstances, my dick had remained iron hard throughout. And there was a certain kink to it that appealed to me.

"Um, Ok." I chuckled nervously.

Julie started to get out of bed.

"Ah, where are you going?" I asked.

"To the other room."

"I'm not really comfortable with that," I said blushing, "Can you stay here and hold my hand?"

Julie and her mother exchanged looks. Her mother nodded slightly. Julie reached down beside the bed and picked up her sweater.

"Naked please?" I said plaintively. "Is that unreasonable? After all," I looked at Julie, "It's you that we are doing this for."

She snorted. "It's you we are doing this for," she emphasized, "but OK." She slipped back into bed. I ran my hand across her pelvic dip and left it resting on her pubic mound. She gripped it in one of her hands and pulled it to the side. I had a sudden view of what married life with Julie would be like if I fell into this trap that they were all to transparently laying. A free-spirited wife who wouldn't hesitate to use my money or my family's assets to indulge her every whim, but a controlling and frigid bitch to her husband. Not going to happen, I vowed to myself.

Her mother moved up to the bedside and pulled back the sheet. I've never been that good at gauging a woman's interest but I think that she was pleased by what she saw. She took me firmly in her hand and began to pump me in a businesslike manner.

"You too please," I said.

"Excuse me?"

"You too, please. Naked."

"Uh, no." She laughed.

"OK," I said, "but it's probably not going to happen for me if you don't."

She squeezed my cock a little harder. "Looks like its already working for you."

I grunted. "Not enough. I mean, yeah, it's hard, but you being dressed and me not... It's just uncomfortable enough that I'm not feeling it coming."

She continued tugging my cock for a while, varying the technique alternating hands. She was good, but not that good. After about ten minutes of stroking, Julie shifted at my side. "Mom?" She whined. "This is taking too long!"

Her Mom sighed. She let go of my cock and started to pull off her blouse. "Fine." Naked, she continued working my cock. I was surprised to see that in spite of the thickness of her body, she still had a rubbery six pack, and had gone to the trouble of trimming her black pubic hair into a landing strip. A scorpion tattoo adorned her lower belly.

After a few minutes she commented, "Hmm, you sure have some endurance."

"It's probably because you aren't in the ideal position. If you changed positions, it would go faster."

"What's the ideal position?"

"Between my legs." I swung an ankle out and hooked it with one of Julie's.

"Huh. You're a little dominant. That's OK in a man." She got up on the bed between my legs and knelt, playing with my balls as she stroked my shaft.

I groaned. "That's it. Now spit on it and jerk it faster."

"What?"

"Spit on it and jerk it faster!"

She spit on it and began to pump furiously. Just as I had known, as soon as I felt the new lubrication around the head of my cock, I could feel my orgasm building. I grunted and jerked Julie's hand. "You too."

"Huh?"

"You too. Spit on it. Keep it lubed." I squeezed her hand for emphasis. "Now!"

Reluctantly, Julie leaned over and added her spit to her mother's on my cock. I started to shoot nearly instantly, arching my back and grunting, "Unh!" The first spurt caught Julie across the face. She grimaced in disgust and fell back, raising a hand in defence. Then her mother got control and angled my cock down so that the rest of the spurts spattered on my chest and belly. After four days of not jerking off, my ejaculate was thick and copious. It was, by guy standards, a pretty long orgasm, and a pretty good one. Julie's Mom didn't let off the pressure as long as cum was coming out of my dick, and even then she squeezed out the last drop.

"Ahh, shit. That was a good start," I sighed.

Julie had gone off to the suite's bathroom to wash her face. Her mother was still idly tugging my still hard dick. It hurt a little, but in a good way. She looked up as I spoke. "A good start?"

"Yeah." I gestured at my still erect penis. "I haven't jerked off in six weeks," I lied, "You're going to have to tug it off at least once more before I'm really relaxed. You don't want me wandering around campus with a hard on, do you?"

She tugged my cock gently. "Well it is still hard..." She leaned over and spit on it again.

"Oh yeah baby," I crooned.

Julie came out of the bathroom and looked at us, curling a lip in a moue of disgust. She was already wearing a bathrobe. She flopped down into a recliner and turned on the TV.

Her Mom continued to work my dick. After a while she asked, "Are you getting anywhere?"

"No. It's a little sensitive now. Maybe we should try something else."

"Like what?"

"How about a boob job? You've got a nice rack."

She slid down to the end of the bed, drawing me with her, and knelt there. She spat on both her ample tits and positioned my cock between them before pressing them together. I began tilting my hips to fuck into this arrangement of breasts. Leaning back slightly on one elbow, I put the other hand on the back of her head and exerted slow, gentle downward pressure. As expected, my cock began to bump into her face. Chin first, but then her lips and nose.

"Oh yeah baby," I murmured, "Oh yeah. Open your mouth."

Nothing happened for the next ten or so strokes but then, suddenly, I felt her tongue on the bottom of my cock.

I let out a long sigh. "Yesss...."

She spread her lips and it turned into a full fledged blow job. After a few tentative sucks, she pushed herself right down on my cock until it hit the back of her throat. I knew that I had her then.

I lifted myself up and tugged on her hip. "C'mere," I grunted.

She shuffled her ass around so that I could access her pussy. Sure enough, her clit was as hard and prominent as a coffee bean. I worked it with my spit slicked thumb.

She began to make little moans and grunts, and her enthusiasm for the blow job doubled. It was getting good, real good. I looked over and saw Julie watching us from her chair with a disgusted look. I almost laughed, but instead pulled her Mom up to face me. I kissed her spit and cum smeared lips. "Come on baby," I murmured, "Let's fuck. You know you want to." I had a strategic hand between her legs, gently stimulating the labia around her clit. Her eyes were half lidded and she looked hypnotized.

"I'm not on the pill," she moaned.

"That's OK baby. I won't come in you. I'll pull out, I promise."

"OK."

OK? I almost shouted out loud. That was probably what had gotten her into trouble originally, and gotten us to where we were now.

Whatever. I rolled us over so that I was above her and positioned my cock on her cunt-lips. She was pretty turned on, pretty greasy down there. I took one last look at Julie. Her look had turned from disgust to one of kind of slack jawed intentness. I'm guessing she'd never seen the actual deed being done before. I pushed my dick into her mother. Both of us grunted. She was tight, and the walls of her pussy seemed coarse or rough. Still, it felt great. I felt my hips start to buck and my pace pick up much faster than usual.

"Uh. Don't come in me. Uh. Don't come in me. Uh. Don't come in me," Julie's Mom moaned and grunted her mantra.

But all too soon I was ready to pop.

"Come over here," I called out to Julie.

"What do you want?" She had recovered herself and was aloof and even a little nasty.

"I'm going to cum inside your Mom if your don't do something about it."

"Ugh. Just pull out and jerk off, you creep."

I laughed. "I could, but I'm not going to. I am going to come into your Mom's fertile pussy because that's what I want to do instead. Unless you suck it when it comes out of her."

"No way."

"Really? You want her to get pregnant? After all she's done for you?" Julie's Mom was looking up at me with an unreadable expression, still panting and moaning as I pounded her.

"Shit!" Julie jumped up and stomped over. "Pull it out, let's get it over with."

"Bathrobe off please."

She took it off.

"Good." I pushed her head down onto her mother's belly, nose and lips in our pubes. I admired the erotic scene for a moment and then could hold on no more. I pulled out of her mother and thrust my pulsing cock between Julie's lips. She was not too enthusiastic so I held a hand on the back of her head and manipulated it as I came. Semen drooled out onto her Mom's belly. Julie dashed back to the bathroom.

I stood up and got dressed.

Julie's Mom stayed in bed. Unmoving, uncovered, naked. Her expression was half angry, half apprehensive, and tinted with self loathing.

I leaned over and kissed her before leaving.

I never saw either of them again. I got a panicky phone call from Julie that evening where she tried to regain control and put everything back on it's previous footing, but I wasn't having any of that. Then they tried to do a little blackmail, but again, it was nothing that I was worried about and I laughed it off. In the end, they moved on to easier marks, and I heard that Julie eventually did get married. I pray for that poor guy whenever I think of it now.