 The great things about Julie, in Phil's opinion, were that she was totally uninhibited and an unashamed slut. 

He'd spotted her sitting on a couch, in one of the side rooms off the main party, chatting with a couple of guys. Well, Julie was chatting. Chris and Charlie were leering. 

It was easy to leer at Julie. She never seemed to mind and usually dressed for it. This time, she was wearing cutoff jean shorts which showed off all of her legs and enough of her ass to get attention. Her halter top hung so low on her chest that, even from across the room, Phil thought he could make out the pink of her areola. Her hair, framing her open, smiling face, was a pale shade of purple tonight. Julie was in a habit of changing her hair color regularly. Her natural color, Phil thought, was available for inspection on request. 

Grinning, Phil sauntered over and dropped onto the couch next to Julie.

"Hi," he said, casually tossing his arm over the back of the couch behind her.

"Hi Phil," Julie smiled at him openly. "I haven't seen you in a while. How've you been? You know Chris and Charlie, right?"

"Yeah, hi guys," he laughed. "I'm fine, just been busy."

Julie continued to chatter brightly, easily including Phil in the conversation. Nothing in her manner suggested that she was in the least bit bothered by the way Charlie kept trying to get a peek at her ass, or the fact that Chris's eyes were fixed on her generous cleavage. Phil, now that he was closer, could tell he had been right. He could see the edges of Julie's nipples peeking out of her halter top. 

With exaggerated care, Phil slid his arm down to Julie's shoulders. She just smiled at him, shifting herself into a comfortable position next him. Tossing a grin at the guys across from him, Phil closed his hand around Julie's shoulder and started to gently massage her. Julie, as he'd known she would, reacted wonderfully. Her head rolled back, her eyes closed and a deep sensual groan escaped from her mouth. 

Chris and Charlie stared intently, not the least because Julie's halter had slipped a little lower as she writhed. Phil could see the pink flesh of her areola stiffening into rough little bumps as her nipple, still barely hidden by the edge of her top, hardened.

"So," Phil said casually, as if he wasn't doing his level best to turn her on, "is Glen here tonight?"

"No," Julie sighed through her soft moans, "he said he'd rather stay home."

"Glen?" Chris asked.

"My husband," Julie replied, almost purring under Phil's hand. "He doesn't like parties much."

When Phil had first heard that slutty, uninhibited Julie was married, he'd assumed Glen was either ignorant of her antics or one of those weak, sissy cuckolds. Having met the guy once at one of the few parties Glen actually attended, Phil had been rather surprised. Glen clearly knew what Julie got up to and just as clearly wasn't weak or a sissy. "She's happy, I'm happy, why not share?" Glen had said to Phil that night. Given that Glen had had a pretty little blonde, who wasn't his wife, going down on him at the time, Phil hadn't really seen a reason to disagree.

"Don't worry," Phil told Chris with a smirk. "Glen doesn't mind Julie going out to parties."

"No," Julie smiled. "He's cool with whatever."

"Whatever?" Chris looked a little dubious.

Phil smiled broadly. Very deliberately, he moved his hand off Julie's shoulder and down her chest, until his fingertips rested on the bumpy pink flesh that surrounded her barely concealed nipple. Julie gasped as he teased her sensitive skin, but she didn't pull away. Instead, her own hand moved to squeeze Phil's thigh. 

"Whatever," Phil replied, looking Chris in the eye.

Turning his attention back to Julie, Phil leered at her and pushed his hand down her halter top to grab her tit. Julie moaned in response, her hand moving up his thigh to brazenly cup his stiffening cock through his jeans. For a moment they say together like that, openly groping each other while the other guys watched. 

With a smirk of her own, Julie released her grip on Phil's package. He grinned back at her as the pretty hot wife pulled her arms out of her halter's straps, letting the loose top fall away from her full, soft tits. Phil cupped her now bare boob, gently pinching the hard tip of her big pink nipple. Julie gasped and moaned as he groped her. 

"Shit," Chris breathed. 

Glancing over, Phil saw Chris staring open mouthed at Julie's suddenly naked tits. Charlie, with a smirk of his own, was openly adjusting himself through his jeans. 

"Enjoy it, guys," Phil chuckled, squeezing Julie's tit for emphasis. "Our Julie loves to put on a show; don't you, love."

"Fuck yeah," Julie sighed. Then, with a wicked smirk of her own, she added, "Let's put on a real show."

"Yeah?" Phil asked, remembering the last 'real show' he'd seen Julie put on. 

In wordless response, Julie reached down again, cupping Phil's hard cock for a moment before turning her attention to deftly unbuttoning and opening his jeans. With practiced ease, she reached in and grabbed him. Phil gasped as Julie's warm fingers circled his stiff shaft, pulling it out from the tangle of his boxers and jeans. Without missing a beat, Julie dropped her head into his lap, her pale purple hair blocking his view. An instant later, he let out a deep groan as the warm wetness of Julie's mouth engulfed his cock. 

Moaning, Phil continued to grope Julie's naked tit while she sucked his cock. Laying his head back on the couch, he closed his eyes and reveled in the intense sensations of the hot little slut's mouth bobbing up and down on his swollen meat. 

A shift of weight on the couch drew Phil's attention back to things other than his cock. Charlie had moved to sit on Julie's other side, his hands openly caressing her bare thighs and sliding up the little jean skirt to touch her ass. Julie's moans vibrated against Phil's cock, making him groan in response. He was even more impressed by Julie when she managed to twist herself into a kneeling position on the couch without actually letting his cock fall from her mouth. 

In this new position, Julie's head continued to bob in Phil's lap while her ass was raised, offered to Charlie's attention. Charlie wasted no time in pushing her little skirt up over her hips. His hands wandered freely over Julie's back side, eliciting moans which sent shockwaves through Phil's cock. 

"Damn man," Charlie groaned. "Her pussy is so wet."

"You want to fuck her?" Phil asked.

"Hell yeah," Charlie answered, his hand suddenly mauling his jeans.

"Julie." Phil ran his hand through her pale purple hair, trying to pull her head up off his cock for a second. "Charlie wants to fuck you. That Ok?"

"Ok," Julie answered, dropping Phil's cock from her lips and looking back at Charlie. "Go ahead, fuck me. I love a good hard cock in my pussy."

"Can I have a turn?" Chris interjected. Phil looked up to see his friend standing in front of him, near Julie's head.

"Sure," Julie grinned up him, "the more the merrier, right?"

It took them all a few moments to shift themselves into a workable position. Julie, for her part, quickly stripped off the now pointless halter top, followed quickly by the jean shorts and the little black thong she'd worn under them. Revealed in her full, naked glory, Phil took a second to admire her. Julie's tits were full, with thick hard nipples. Her hips were wide without being chunky. She had a nice round ass and a little tangle of hair (light brown being her natural color) between her shapely legs.  

After striking a smiling pose for her admirers, Julie knelt down on the couch, her arms resting on one end and her shapely ass raised above the middle. Charlie, after an embarrassed look at the other two guys, quickly shucked off his jeans and briefs and climbed onto the couch to kneel behind her. Phil and Chris took their positions on either side of her head, their pants opened and their cocks hanging in her face. 

"What luck," Julie purred, examining the two cocks in front of her. "All these cocks just for me."

Phil watched as Charlie grabbed her by the hips, working to line himself up. Julie let out a long, slow moan as Charlie penetrated her. One hand braced against the couch, she wrapped the other around Phil's cock while taking Chris's hard shaft in her mouth. 

Charlie started to thrust into her, drawing moans of pleasure, muffled by whichever cock was in her mouth at the time, from Julie. Her head bobbed up and down on their shafts as her body rocked back and forth with Charlie's thrusts.

Watching Julie's hot body fucking and sucking, and feeling her warm mouth moving on his cock, Phil felt a familiar tightening in his balls. Unwilling to finish so soon, he clenched his jaw and struggled to think of something, anything, else.

It was Chris who yielded first. With deep groan, he grabbed hold of Julie's purple hair and pumped his load into Julie's warm, waiting mouth. Moaning, the little slut swallowed his spunk down before taking Phil once more between her wet lips.

"I told you I heard fucking," someone said. Phil looked up to see Lou and Steve leaning in the doorway, with a few guys behind them looking over their shoulder.

"Come on in," Phil grinned, his cock deep in Julie's sucking mouth while Charlie continued to thrust into her pussy. "Julie's putting on a show. Right, Charlie?"

"Fuuuckk!" Charlie groaned, with one final hard thrust, clearly empting his balls into her pussy.

"Looks like a spot just opened up if anyone wants 'in'," Phil leered. "That's right, isn't it Julie?"

"Ok," Julie moaned over Phil's cock.

"Fuck it," Steve grinned, "I'll take sloppy seconds." Quickly, he dropped his pants and stepped into Charlie's place, slipping easily inside her and thrusting away.

"I'll take a little of this action, if she can handle sucking two?" Lou said, stepping up next to Phil. 

"Have her," Phil grinned, pulling himself out of Julie's sucking mouth. "I want to pace myself."

Phil turned and settled himself down on the other couch, watching as Julie rocked between Lou and Steve. Her full tits swayed as they pushed and pulled her between them, their hard cocks sawing in and out of her wet holes.

A crowd gathered in the doorway, watching the purple-haired slut suck and fuck. A few were clearly waiting their turns. Phil recognized some of them, from other parties or from around, but others he didn't know. He was pretty sure Julie didn't know most of the people watching her slutty sex show, but she sure as hell didn't seem to care. Her moans, even muffled by Lou's thick cock, made it clear to everyone that she was enjoying self.

With a grunted "Holy fuck," Lou finished in Julie's mouth. Phil could see her throat working as she swallowed her second load of the night. 

Lou had barely pulled himself from Julie's sucking lips before Paul, a big guy Phil knew from work, stepped up to take his place. Paul's cock, like the rest of him, was big, but Julie didn't seem to have any trouble stuffing it into her face. Watching Paul's thick shaft disappearing into Julie's mouth, Phil couldn't help but wonder about the water-cooler conversation he might have with Paul on Monday. 

"Shit... I'm cumming... in... you," Steve announced between gasps, pumping his own load into Julie's wet pussy. After a few more spasms he pulled out, his softening cock sloppy with white foam. 

Phil could see a trail of cum starting to ooze from Julie's pussy. The mess didn't seem to deter the next guy, a fellow in a baseball cap Phil didn't recognize, who wasted no time in stepping up behind Julie and shoving himself into her dripping slit. He pumped away, hard and fast, making Julie's tits bounce. She struggled to brace herself against the couch, making wet grunts as the rough thrusting forced her down onto Paul's cock.

The baseball cap guy didn't last long, finishing with a string of shuddering grunts before pulling out and high-fiving a second guy in a cap, a teammate, Phil judged. The second baseball took his turn in Julie's pussy, clearly trying to outdo his teammate in speed and ferocity, if not stamina. 

Fortunately for Julie, in Phil's view, Paul finished in Julie's mouth before the second baseball guy really got running. From the mess of cum and spit dripping down Julie's chin, Phil guessed she'd had a hard time swallowing while being half-choked. Her mouth no longer stuffed with dick, Julie grunted and moaned while the second baseball guy pounded her. He finished with a roar, adding to the sloppy mess now dripping down Julie's thighs.

For a moment, Julie was left kneeling on the couch, panting and moaning while cum dripped from her chin and down her legs. The break didn't last long before Peter, a guy Phil knew from around, stepped up in front of Julie, his hard cock in his hand. 

"Julie," Peter asked, slowly rubbing himself, "you up for more?"

"Yeah," Julie's voice was rough, and her breath came in pants, but she had a smile on her face and a wanton gleam in her eyes. "Give it to me."

"Fuck yeah," he grinned. 

Peter stepped closer and offered his dick to her like treat. Julie took it in the same spirit, licking and sucking Peter's meat like it was a big pink popsicle. While Julie slobbered over Pete's cock, some big guy in a beard climbed up on the couch behind her. Grabbing her hips, he pushed in and started humping her with deep, hard thrusts. 

Between how hot Julie's live sex show was and the fact that half the guys were wanking it before they got to her, Phil wasn't surprised the guys weren't lasting long. Peter popped first but instead of finishing in her mouth, he pulled out and pumped his load all over her face. A cheer went up from the onlookers at the sight of Julie's lust-filled face getting painted with ropes of white, sticky cum. The beard guy, with a hard grunt, joined in the action, pulling out at the last minute and spraying his load over Julie's ass.

Scott replaced Peter in Julie's mouth, and Frank took the beard guy's place in her pussy. It wasn't long before he was spraying his cum over her face and hair. He was followed by a big guy in a football jersey and his buddy, both of whom fed their loads down Julie's willing throat. Meanwhile, Frank and three of his friends each took turns pounding Julie's pussy and pumping her full of cum, until it dripped in a white froth down her legs again.

As the last of Frank's buddies pulled out, another guy stepped up out of the crowd, swigging down a beer. He leered down at Julie's naked, panting form for a long moment, before kneeling behind her. Phil, expecting the guy to take his turn in Julie's well-fucked pussy, was a little shocked at what the guy did. Instead of his dick, the guy leaned down and slowly pushed his beer bottle into Julie's snatch. 

"Fuck," Julie gasped. "What's that. It's cold."

"It'll warm up soon enough," the guy replied evenly. "Stay still."

The mouth of the bottle had already disappeared into Julie's opening. The guy moved slowly, carefully pushing the bottle's neck into her, and then slowly removing it again. With slow, almost gentle movement, he fucked Julie's pussy with the bottle. 

"What is it?" Julie asked again, moaning a little. 

"Beer bottle," someone in the crowd answered. "You're fucking a beer, ya slut."

"Mmmm," Julie purred, "that's actually a first." She glanced over her shoulder at the guy. "It's ok, but it's cold and hard. I'd really prefer something hot and hard."

"Yeah" the guy said, still sliding his beer bottle in and out of her dripping pussy.

"Fuck me," Julie moaned. "Fuck my pussy with your cock."

The guy grinned at her, and pushed the bottle a little deeper and harder into her pussy. Just once to show her who's boss, Phil thought, since the guy did then pull the bottle out and take its place. The guy started fucking Julie with the same slow, deep strokes he'd used with the bottle. 

The bottle itself, Phil could see, was a slimy mess, covered and clogged with cum. The guy seemed to consider it for a moment, then lowered it again, setting the slimy mouth of the bottle between Julie's ass cheeks. Seeing where this could be going, Phil straightened up. With slow pressure, the guy pressed the bottle against Julie's ass. 

"It's too big," Julie moaned. 

The guy grinned, rubbing the bottle against her ass and trying to push it in.

"Don't" Julie said, more firmly. "It won't fit in my ass. Just fuck me. Please fuck my pussy."

Laughing, the guy set the bottle aside and started to saw into Julie. Phil relaxed. He'd never known Julie to take it up the ass, and he was glad the guy hadn't ruined the party by making an issue of it.

There was another break after the beer bottle guy pulled out, his load dripping down Julie's leg, his slimy cum-covered beer bottle on the table next to her. Everyone just stared. Julie's face and thighs were dripping with spunk. Her purple hair was matted with sweat and semen. Phil realized he'd lost count of how many guys had fucked Julie in one end or the other.

"My knees need a break," Julie announced hoarsely. Moving a little stiffly, the hot mess of a slut stretched and shifted, finally sitting down on the couch, in the puddle of cum that had gathered beneath her. Phil wondered obliquely who was going to have to clean up that mess. 

"Want a drink?" one of the onlookers asked. He pushed his way to the front, a skinny guy with a bottle of schnapps in one hand and his cock in the other.

"Sure," Julie said and, to no one's particular surprise, slurped the skinny guy's cock into her mouth. 

For a woman who had just sucked more dicks and swallowed more cum than Phil could keep track of, her enthusiasm for this latest meat stick seemed unabated. Schnapps guy just chuckled and leaned back, sipping from his bottle while Julie vigorously gobbled his knob. It took her a little work, but inevitably the guy pumped his load into Julie's warm mouth. 

Quickly, Julie sat back and held up her hand toward the guy. Laughing, he handed Julie the bottle. She took a quick swig and made a show of swishing it around, clearly mixing a cum and schnapps cocktail in her mouth and gulping it down. 

"Thanks," Julie said amid the laughter and cheers of the onlookers. "Who's next? Rob, Dan, I see you guys."

"Hey Julie," Dan grinned, clearly somewhat embarrassed to be caught in the audience.

"Come on," Julie grinned, spreading her legs to reveal her wet, matted, dripping pussy, "I've seen how you guys look at me."

"I can't," Dan said, shaking his head but unable to take his eyes off her. Even as a clearly well-fucked, cum covered mess, Julie looked almost too hot to pass up. 

"No?" Julie pouted, "What about you Rob?"

"I would love to," Rob answered, stepping up and leering at her, "but damn it Julie, my wife would kill me if I fucked you."

"Mine too," Dan nodded in agreement.

"Really?" Julie pouted, "Poor guys, your wives won't let you fuck me."

"Most wives wouldn't," someone shouted from the crowd.

"We just can't," Rob signed, staring at Julie's big tits.

"Does she let you jerk off?" Julie asked with a sly grin. 

"Yeah," Rob replied with an answering grin.

"Do you look at naked women when you jerk off?" Julie asked, slipping one hand between her legs and bringing the other up to cup one of her naked, sticky tits. 

"Yeah, I jerk off to porn," Rob admitted, slowly unzipping his pants and pulling out his stiff cock. 

"What about you, Dan?" Julie purred, one finger working in the sloppy mess of her pussy while the other squeezed her own nipple. "Do you like to watch a woman playing with herself while you jerk off?"

"Fuck," Dan moaned.

"No, no," Julie chided, "No fucking for you. Mmmm, but you can jerk off while you watch a naked woman play with herself. Your wife wouldn't mind that, would she?"
