 It is 6 o'clock in the evening and we are both starting to get ready for the night ahead. We have invited 3 guys round for a bit of fun and they are arriving about 8. We have never met any of them and are both excited at what might happen.

You are deciding what you are going to wear and I get in the shower. I stand in the shower and I am getting hard at the thought of what might happen through the night. I start to stroke my cock when you come in the bathroom and see what I am doing. You tell me not to stop and sit on the side of the bath and start to squeeze your tits making your nipples all hard. 

My hand takes a firmer grip and pulls my foreskin back over the head of my cock. You spread your legs wide open and your hand slides down your stomach towards your pussy. You slowly spread your lips and slide one finger into your already wet cunt and rub your clit with your thumb. You lean towards me and I rub the head of my cock across your lips, your tongue flicks out and slides across it. 

I lift my cock up and you take one of my balls into your mouth and suck it gently while I carry on wanking my hard shaft. Your hand starts to move faster across your clit and your breathing gets heavier, your mouth moves over the end of my cock and you take it into your mouth, licking and sucking the head. 

This all gets too much and I can feel the cum rising up through my cock, as the first spurt hits you at the back of your throat you swallow greedily and keep sucking taking every last drop and not spilling any. 

My cock falls away from your mouth and you concentrate on your clit rubbing harder and faster. You let out a large groan as you cum all over your hand and I can see your body shaking as your orgasm races through your body. 

When you have recovered you climb in the shower with me and we soap each other's bodies kissing deeply. Neither of us has said a word, but the smiles on our faces says it all.

When we get out the shower you tell me to get myself ready and go downstairs as you want to surprise me with what you are wearing. 

I get myself dressed, let you know I have finished, go downstairs and pour myself a drink. 

It is now getting close to half past seven and I shout up to you to tell what time it is, you call back and say you are almost ready and to go and sit down. Ten minutes later you walk through the living room door and you look amazing, you are wearing your shortest denim skirt and a black halter neck top. 

The skirt just about covers your arse and the top shows off plenty of your gorgeous tits. You come to me and we start to kiss, I can feel myself getting hard again, and so can you. You push me away and with a smile tell me to get you a drink and pointing at my jeans, tell me to save that for later!

At five to eight the doorbell goes and we both jump a little. I open the door to our first guest, he introduces himself as Paul and I invite him in to sit down. 

You introduce yourself, give him a kiss on the cheek and ask him if he wants a drink. Paul is about six foot tall, short dark hair with quite an athletic build. While you are getting his drink the door goes again and I open it to our last two guests. 

They are John and Mark. John is the shorter of the two at about five foot 10, whilst Mark is almost my height, about 6 foot 6. Once in and all the introductions are over, we sit down for a chat, you are sat between me and Paul on the big settee and John and Mark are sat on the smaller one. All three say how good you look and how much they are looking forward to the night ahead. 

After about 10-15 minutes of nervous chatter about nothing in particular you ask everyone if they want another drink. When you come back you lean towards each person with their drink letting your top fall forward giving each one a glimpse of your tits, and the ones behind you a sight of your G-string covered pussy. 

When you give me my drink you lean forward and give me a deep kiss, I reach round and slide my hand up your skirt rubbing your bare arse cheeks and the others all go silent. When you stop kissing me you sit back down and we carry on talking. 

After another couple of drinks, we are all starting to relax and you get up and go upstairs. While you are gone I get us all another drink and put on some music. 

When you come back you hear the music and ask me if I want to dance. As I stand up you come right up close to me, slip your hands around my back and start swaying to the music. I reach behind you and start to caress your backside through your skirt. The three guys are just sat there watching us while drinking their drinks. 

My hand reaches under your skirt, lifting it slightly and giving all three of them a fantastic view of your gorgeous arse. I turn you around so that your back is against me and start to rub your tits through your top, making your nipples hard and poke out through the material, the other guys are starting to move around in their seats, trying to reposition their growing cocks. 

I lift your top slowly revealing your big tits for all to see and all three let out a low groan as your nipples come into view. You look at the guys and tell them to get their cocks out, you want to see what they have got! 

One by one they stand and undo their jeans letting them drop to the floor, John is first and his cock is almost fully erect and it looks longer and fatter than mine, next is Mark, his is even longer than John's but a lot thinner, and finally there is Paul's, it is slightly shorter than mine but is as thick as my arm. 

You turn back to me, tell me to get mine out and turn back towards John, taking his cock in your hand and pulling the foreskin back over the head, you flick out your tongue and lick the end of his cock making it jump in your hand. You slide your mouth down his shaft and suck him deep into your mouth. 

The other two guys and myself stand watching you wanking our own cocks. After a couple of minutes, you move onto Mark and move his hand off his cock and replace it with your own, you push his cock towards his stomach and lick his balls, then lick all the way up his shaft and take him into your mouth, it is that long you can only get half of it into your mouth. 

You suck and lick him for a moment before moving onto Paul, his cock is that thick you can't get one hand round it and have to use both to wank him. You lick and suck him and it's a struggle to get him in your mouth. Next you move onto me and start to lick and suck my hard cock, flicking your tongue around the head and playing with my balls.

I stand you up and kiss you, you taste of cock and you stick your tongue deep into my mouth, kissing me hungrily. I reach behind you and lift your top over your head revealing your tits in all their glory. I then undo your skirt and push it over your hips and it falls to the floor around your ankles. 

You step out of it and order the rest of us to strip and then slide your G-string off your legs. You get on your knees and we all move around you, our hard dicks all bouncing around your head. You reach out and grab mine in one hand, Paul's in your other and lean towards Mark's and take him in your mouth. For the next ten minutes you alternate between all four of us, wanking and sucking for all you are worth. 

You then lie down and we all drop to our knees, Mark immediately starts playing with your tit's whilst Paul lies down between your legs and starts to lick around your pussy before sliding two fingers into your wet cunt and licking your clit. 

Myself and John have our cocks above your mouth and you start to lick us both, rubbing our heads together and trying to get them both in your mouth. All this attention has got you really hot and you start to cum all over Paul's face, squirting on him as he tries to drink it all up. Paul then turns you over onto your knees and slides his thick cock up your wet cunt, stretching it to the limits. 

You stop sucking the other cocks while you get used to the width that is pushing into you, after a couple of minutes Paul has got a good rhythm up and is sliding in and out a lot easier now that your pussy has relaxed enough to take it. 

You get back to the three cocks in front of you sucking and wanking each one in turn, you cum again with Paul's cock inside and your cunt spasming is too much for him and he groans as he fills your cunt with its first load of cum of the night. 

As he pulls out, some cum drips out and falls on the carpet, he moves around the front of you and John takes his place behind you, sliding his cock into your wet and dripping cunt. 

You take Paul's slowly shrinking cock into your mouth and lick the rest of the cum and your own juices off it, the sight of this is too much for Mark and he tells you he is about cum, you quickly take Paul's cock out of your mouth and wrap your lips around Mark's cock just as he cums, you take the first couple of spurts into your mouth and then pull him out and wank the rest of it over your face. 

You lick your lips and reach what you can with your tongue before wiping the rest off with your fingers and sucking your fingers dry. Watching this makes John cum and he adds his spunk to that of Paul's inside your pussy. 

You tell me to lie down, move off John's cock and move above me, dripping cum from your pussy all over the head of my dick. You slowly lower yourself onto my waiting shaft and the feeling is out of this world as I slide into your cum filled cunt. 

It is so wet and all the cum mixed with your own juices is running down my cock and around my balls. The other three stand around you and you start to suck their soft dicks slowly bringing them back to life. 

Me lying on my back looking up at you sucking three cocks, dribbles of cum running down your chin, feeling your cunt sliding up and down my dick, smearing it with the cum of two other guys gets too much and I add my cum to the rest that is up there. 

You climb off me and kiss me, I can taste cock, cum and your juices on your face and I am surprised at how good it tastes. Whilst you are doing this all the cum is dripping out of your cunt onto my stomach. You stop kissing me and lick all that you have spilt onto me into your mouth, you then go to the other three guys and kiss each one in turn giving them some of the creamy mixture to taste. 

All three gulp it down and they seem to get harder at the taste. You now decide to take total control and tell Paul to lie on the floor and you then whisper something to Mark.

***

To Be Continued