 I do not know what was making me wetter; the butterfly clit tickler or thinking back on how I was like this. 

Damn it was hard to get into a good position for the butterfly to have a full effect, yes I could move a bit but the restraints did not allow for a lot of movement. Straining I could lift my ass up off the bed which gave more pressure on the tickler, but the closer I got, the more my legs quivered, I bounced up and down cursing. I relax and think back to a few days after the incident of me chained like this, when Richard's friend's hands had wandered over my body.

It would be the first night that I had allowed Richard and someone else to pleasure me. The hardest part was figuring out who first of all, a friend; but I felt that it may be awkward seeing them round. Going out of town; unfamiliar surroundings put the dampers on that. Off the net; things are not usually as advertised. We decided to go organically, a night out and see what developed, I dressed sexily but not sluttish, push-up bra, tight top, skirt and heels, OK not six inch black paten jobs but for my height high heels are really not good, I'm only five foot. That first night was a complete washout everyone in big groups and really too kaddish, yes I got noticed and a few hellos but far to leery and nothing that piqued my interest.

The second night I chose to dress differently, maybe a little more sexily but still not slutty, so wearing a black mesh basque not too transparent, a black chiffon shirt, yes you could see what was underneath it but only in strong light or close up, topped off with a little jacket and skirt; Richard liked the look.

We hit the town it was busy, but not as heaving as the night before, and luckily a lot more calmer, which helped me relax; or was that the Jack D. I had a few dances and a few approaches but still nothing interested me, then Richard pointed out that I had an admirer, he had been watching me dance and return to the table, go say hello on your next toilet break, draining my glass I stood up, I walked across the bar smiling, I said Hi as I passed but I did not stop.

After reliving myself and giving a quick check and adjustment in the mirror I went back.

On the way back the stranger (Ian) got to talking, he didn't ask me to dance and was soon saying I should go back to Richard. I'd already decided.. to invite him over to our table, it's not like I was being explicit in the invite, just friendly. 

Back at the table things where easy going between the three of us, no clashing of personalties, Ian was recently divorced, it was a no fault divorce thank heavens, would not want a divorcee that was caused by partner adultery, well not for what I was hoping for. 

At forty Ian was three years younger than Richard and four than me, at five eight he was shorter than Richard, build wise yeah he looked after himself no gym bunny. I decided it was time to take my jacket off, I stood up and slid my arms out of it and put it on the back of the chair, it was not a prearranged signal that we had set-up, it just felt right at the time, sitting back down I crossed my arms and had my hands in my lap. At this range the basque could be seen, clinching my waist in and forcing my 34c's up, the shirt gave more modesty to eyes further away, but this close, they could see; yes I think Ian felt awkward at first, trying not to look or not get caught looking. He relaxed after a while as each time I caught him, I smiled and so did Richard. 

The sexual tension was palpable, being coquettish with both of them really had me going, not much longer to close the gambit, leaning forward in the chair I suggested we all go back to ours for a few shots, Ian was taken aback a little at first, but soon agreed.

Back at home I studied myself in the kitchen window whilst I was getting the glasses, tequila and beer, I could hear them talking in the lounge, Ian was explained that this was a first for him, he must have thought that this was a regular thing for us. Richard told him it was our first as well, he said that if things progressed that it would be me that was in control, that I would have charge of clothing, that only things that have been touched or expressed a preference to have touched where in bounds, and there's no going in without a skin, I smiled adjusted myself and took the tray.

They were sat either end of the couch' the glasses and tequila I put on the coffee table, the beer I passed to them in turn, first to Richard he said I thanks, I asked where my kiss was leaning forward, we kissed with Ian watching Richards hands in my hair, we parted I handed one to Ian and lent in, he hesitated for a second, our lips met his hand raised to my hair holding my head, his hand on my ear, I parted my lips a flicked my tongue into his mouth, it didn't last long, but still he was the first man other than Richard who had kissed me like that in years. Pulling away and sitting between them I leaned back looked from one to the other and laughed.

"I guess you had both better start kissing my neck."

They both came closer to me, my face upwards, little gentle kisses either side, breathing deepened biting my lip I wondered if they would stray, they didn't. Turning my head towards Richard's I frenchied him for a while then did the same to Ian. I took Richards hand and raised it to the top button of my blouse, he got the point and undid it, instinctively he move to the second button but I held his hand firm and turned back to him.

"You both get a button each I chided" as I raised Ian's hand to the second button, my blouse was soon open; leaning forward I removed it allowing them to kiss down on to my shoulders and along my arms, the feeling was intense, I longed to have them both.  

Stopping Ian kissing me and sliding down the left strap of my basque, then the same to the right this allowed me to lower the cups to expose my 34c breasts, my hands under them, thumb rotating round the areolae, then I beckon for them to continue. 

Damn I thought having my neck kissed by them both was intense but this; having both their mouths close on my nipples kissing, sucking, nibbling or one of them playing with them while the other was kissing me, I got them to take their shirts off Ian first, then Richard, whilst Richard was doing that I was kissing and rubbing my tits against Ian's chest and holding his face to them, I looked across at Richard he was smiling and nodding, I raised my chin a little.

"Unfasten my skirt and take it off"

He grinned, but Ian must I have thought I meant him, so he loosened it and slid it down, I stood up kicked it off, standing there in a basque with the top down my breast glistening, legs in stocking and thoroughly soaking pants I fixed a shot, drained it and headed out the room.

"Loose the jeans, keep the boxers on and come up stairs."

I guess they had a shot themselves before coming to the bedroom, there eagerness preceded them. I approached them kissing each in turn allowing their hands to run over me whilst I squeezed each one through his shorts, not much between them from what I could feel, Ian was a little wider but a little shorter than Richard. Sitting on the edge of the bed I motioned them over and to continue, as they kissed and teased I leaned further and further back till my back was on the bed, with my legs over the side, I raised my ass a little and indicated that they should remove them for me, they each took aside and pulled them down and off, I shivered as they both drew the hands back up my stockinged legs across my bear thighs, across the smoothness of me and back up. 

Ian's tongue was tracing circles round my left nipple while his hand was kneading and rolling my right, Richard was nuzzling my neck I turned to him and whispered, Ian paused as he watched 

Richard get off the bed and separate my legs and kneel down, his head moved forward and he started kissing a licking at my soaking pussy, I must have been really close as my back arched almost immediately, I was grunting loudly' pulling Ian to my tits his teeth biting down on my rock hard nipple, him rolling the other really hard, harder than I normally like; but fuck I was coming really hard bouncing my ass on the bed, bottom lip drawn in biting it, I was really loud then it started subsiding, easing off but another was not far off.

"Swap"

Ian must have really been eager to have a taste as he was off the bed like a shot, Richard had not had chance to get up and get on the bed before Ian's tongue was lapping at me, his fingers splayed my pussy open so is tongue could work round and inside my glistening folds, he alternated between quick little darts and long slow full length licks, I reached down and held his head.

Richard after watching for a little leaned in and kissed me his face was wet, I could taste myself on his lips, he worked his way slowly down, my moans increased, wiggling my hips as Ian worked away, damn Richard had not stopped at my breasts, he was kissing my smooth pubic mount, they wouldn't, but they did, Ian licking between my legs Richard holding my lips apart and flicking his tongue around the top folds, I was ecstatic the pressure was building so fast, sparks seemed to fly from my pussy igniting my brain, now I'm normally mutli-orgasmic but never this quick and seemingly not this intense. 

I don't know when I did it during the passing of that orgasm, but I had taken hold of Richards cock and was pulling him toward my mouth and pulling his boxers off, Richard lifted away from my crotch and moved closer to me, looking down myself I could see Ian watching me as he continued, he wanted to see me take Richard in my mouth, probably wishing it was him, I admit I really put it on, my tongue swirled all round Richards swollen glans, before taking him so deep in my mouth, then flicking down his length. Richard eased himself down to get closer to my pussy again, he wanted to continue licking me as I gave him head.

Ian had stopped, Richard had tapped him on the shoulder and had pointed to the bedside drawer, we keep a few toy's in there, Ian must have fished a few things out with Richard shaking his head till he got the right thing.

Now usually when I'm like this Richard has a tendency to be busy licking away and then glides a toy into me all the while flicking his tongue at my nubbin, whilst I give him head. Then he swaps ends so he his fucking me while he holds the toy for me to suck, and kisses me so the toy is between our lips, usually gets us both of fairly soon.

It departs a little now as Richard still has my lips held open but lifts his head away and looks at me, I paused and look down, Ian is stood between my legs, holding his wide cock in his right hand, he has slid a condom on and his fingers of his left hand explore me, he looked at me, I nod, he slaps his member on my wetness twice, then slowly eases forward, I stop sucking Richard as he watches, as he holds me open. Ian's swollen head slides easily into me, I'm really soaking, he pushes deeper and deeper into me, then pulling out again slowly my pussy lips enveloped around Ian's girth. He thrust a few times and then pulls out, Richard leans in and licks my pussy again this heightens my feelings, oh to have Ian in me and Richard licking me at the same time, but no not tonight, Richard gets back up and holds my head, as Ian gets ready too enter me again.

He lifts my legs up to his chest and his arms around my thighs, and pulled me hard toward him as he pushed forward, balls deep in one go, and then started fucking me, hard driving in then slow soft gentle thrust, Richard pulled my head on to his cock his other hand playing with my nipples, pulling at them, I work his shaft with my right hand squeezed his balls with the left. Ian's thrusting had become urgent after a while, I guess he is close, probably closer than I was. So I got them to swap making sure Richard puts a condom on. Holding Ian in my hand I looked up at him and said that if I took this off indicating the condom that he was not to come, that I wanted them both to come on my tits, Ian nodded.

Meanwhile Richard was holding my legs wide apart and slowly sliding into me. I gently took the condom off Ian's engorged cock and kissed the tip then closed my lips around it, not working the shaft with my hands, just my head bobbing and him hold my head. Richards hips thrust and circled around his right hand pressed down on my pubic bone thumb rubbing my clit, it was not long till I came again. Richard pulled out a minute later and pulled his condom off and climbed on the bed, I sat up a little and got them both finish themselves on my breasts, they both stroked furiously for a short while, Ian came first spraying all over my left tit groaning loudly, Richard chose to hold the tip of his cock on to the nipple of the right and cover it, he then used it to coat all around.

My breasts where covered it warm googey, I sat up and rubbed them mixing the two loads together, I kissed Richard then Ian and then went to get cleaned up.

Damn the tickler is loosing power, the night did not stop there I got another two loads on all fours before I called it a night, and since then there has been Steve as well.