 A few days ago, I called on Lola, along with June, the bisexual woman who lives in the house down the street from me. This wasn't completely a threesome because Lola was curious about having her pussy eaten by another woman, but she would not reciprocate. I expected to eat both women's pussies. Lola opened her apartment door for us and we hugged and kissed affectionately. I introduced her to June and their greeting was equally friendly. The two women had never met but they had seen each other's pictures and talked on the phone, and they were both eager for the experience. June is 35 years old, tall and slender, with rather small breasts and hips and short, black hair, and Lola is 30 years old, 5'4", with large, firm breasts and long, black hair. We all removed our shoes and headed for Lola's bedroom, where the queen-size bed awaited.

June wanted to undress Lola and nobody objected. She unbuttoned Lola's blouse and reached around and unhooked her bra and pulled off both garments. Then she pulled her own t-shirt over her head and both women were naked above the waist, because June doesn't wear a bra. Lola sat down on the bed and June unbuttoned her skirt and pulled it off her along with Lola's panties and tossed them aside. Lola lay back on the bed, naked, while June removed her own blue jeans and panties and tossed them aside also. She joined Lola on the bed. I undressed myself and joined the two women, all of us completely naked with Lola in the middle.

I kissed Lola on her lips and on the pulse spots on her throat, while June was licking both her nipples. Then I started licking her left titty while June concentrated her attentions on the right. Both of us gently massaged the gorgeous glands we were holding and licked the nipples. June was painting Lola's right nipple with broad strokes of her tongue and I was using short, flicking strokes on the left one. Lola was cooing her pleasure with what we were doing and made no expressions of preference. Her pussy was already wet and June would be eating it soon. Simultaneously, we took Lola's succulent globes in our mouths and sucked on them. While I sucked on the left one, I licked and probed the nipple with my tongue, and I know that June likes to use this same technique. Then June licked her way down Lola's soft stomach to her pussy, and shifted around until they were almost in the 69 position, leaning on her elbows with her arms around Lola's thighs. Once June had achieved the position she wanted, she buried her face in Lola's lovely pussy.

I continued to lick and suck both of Lola's luscious mammaries until after June had gotten her mouth busy on her lovely pussy. Then I got up and walked around toward the other side of the bed, but before I got there, I knelt at the foot of the bed and watched June eating Lola's pussy. 

Sometimes we watch each other eating a pussy, and we have both learned a lot and improved our technique. June's tongue probed noisily between the pussy lips on one side, starting below Lola's adorable love hole and working toward the clit. I knew she wouldn't start licking or sucking the clit until later because we both like to spend a lot of time eating a pussy before the woman cums. I also knew that June had licked out the delicious pussy juices that Lola had been secreting, because we both like them when they are fresh. June looked at me and smiled, her face smeared with Lola's juices. Then her tongue started probing between the other pair of pussy lips, starting again below the love hole and loudly licking her way to the clit and stopping there. June is very enthusiastic about eating a pussy and she tends to make more noise about it than I do. I continued on to the other side of the bed.

June and Lola moved over and I slipped under June into position to eat her pussy, with my arms wrapped around her slender thighs. The three of us formed the letter "N" on the bed. June had gotten highly aroused while licking and sucking Lolas titties, and eating Lola's pussy, and she was lubricating even before I started eating her. I devoured the nectar in her love hole and started probing my tongue into the underside of that delightful orifice and then moved to the right and then the left side.

My tongue insinuated itself into the underside of one of June's inner pussy lips, and I licked there, between the lip and her love hole. This is a very sensitive area but I was surprised that June's pussy was already humping down into my face. I slowly licked closer to her clit and June's thighs rotated out and her pussy, now presented fully to my mouth, was humping into my face even harder. She must not have been getting much lately because she was ready to cum after a short time. If I brought her to a quick climax, she and I could play tag team on Lola's pussy and titties, which sounded like fun to me, and I knew that Lola would really love it. I would offer to eat June's pussy some more after we left, although we had never been one-on-one before.

After I licked all the juices out of June's precious love hole, I pushed my tongue against the upper side of it and thrust it back and forth. This stimulated the underside of June's clit, and after a few minutes of it, her pussy was humping still harder into my face and her hips had started rocking above me. I wrapped my arms around her hips to hold us together and clamped my lips onto her clit and started sucking on it. While I was sucking on that adorable love button, my tongue was licking and caressing it inside my mouth. This continued for a few minutes while June continued strongly humping my face, until she pulled her mouth away from Lola's pussy, let out a loud groan and started cumming. Her legs swung back and forth, and she kicked the bed, while her pussy ground even harder into my face. June grabbed my head but I wasn't going anywhere anyhow, and my mouth held to her clit and I continued to suck on it and caress it with my tongue. When June climaxed, she gave one last strong thrust of her pussy into my face and then collapsed on top of me. I eagerly licked all the delicious juices out of her pussy and moved out from underneath her.

When June started cumming, she moved back and stopped eating Lola's pussy. 

Lola was aware of why June had stopped and she was patiently waiting until one, or preferably both of us resumed pleasuring her. She really enjoys having her pussy eaten and sometimes cums twice. I'm sure she expected to cum twice today also, with two of us eating her pussy. When I stopped at the foot of the bed, Lola was glad to see me and she scooted herself closer to the head of the bed to give me room between her outspread legs. I knelt in the space offered, leaned forward, wrapped my arms around Lola's thighs and got busy with my mouth. When June was ready, I would relinquish my spot to her.

Apparently June had devoured all the fresh pussy juices just before she started cumming because there were none available. I started licking inside Lola's precious love hole anyhow because the texture feels so good to my tongue and I enjoy the musky fragrance. After my tongue had been in as far as it could go, I started nibbling with my lips only on an outside pussy lip. While my lips nibbled, my tongue probed the inner surface from Lola's love hole, licking and nibbling slowly past Lola's sweet clit till I reached her mons. I looked up and saw June licking one of Lola's big nipples. "Do you want to eat down here some more?" I asked.

"In a minute." June's tongue was painting the sensitive nipple with broad strokes while she gently massaged the succulent titty with both hands. My tongue went to Lola's other outer pussy lip and I nibbled on this one, starting again at the fragrand love hole and nibbling and licking past her clit to her mons, which I also licked. By then, June was ready to replace me so I moved out of her way, after greedily devouring all the delicious pussy juices that had been secreted. June replaced me, wrapped her arms around Lola's thighs, made a face at me when she noticed that I had eaten all the juices and started licking on an inner pussy lip, probing between the inner and outer labia and llicking both surfaces. I moved up to Lola's voluptuous breasts.

I held one of those beauties in both hands and, while I gently massaged it, watched June lick along the inner lip to where it formed the clit hood, and then lick under the hood to caress Lola's adorable clit with her tongue. 

Lola had gotten thoroughly turned on by the attentions of June and me and the contact with this sweet spot started her pussy humping into June's face. We both expected to spend a lot of time eating her pussy and sucking and licking her titties because we all expected Lola to cum twice from our oral attentions. She was already moaning her pleasure and she would moan a lot more before the day was over.

I bent down and licked the nipple of the luscious globe I was holding. My tongue reveled in its firmness and size and texture. I released the first globe and held its twin in both hands licking its nipple with firm strokes. 

When I raised my head, I looked again to see how June was doing. She had been licking along the other inner pussy lip and had once again reached the clit hood, but this time she thrust her tongue under the clit hood and licked that precious love button with considerable force and for almost a minute before moving her mouth away. Lola's thighs had rotated outward and her pussy was humping stronger than ever now. Her legs were opening and closing like a scissors and, although her moans were almost incoherent, we could understand her telling June to suck her clit because she wanted to cum.

June and I looked at each other. We both nodded and she wrapped her tongue around Lola's clit to move it clear of the hood, then wrapped her lips around the little jewel, and with her lips, tried to suck as much of it into her mouth as she could. I know that June's tongue was licking and probing Lola's clit inside her mouth so I clamped my lips on one of Lola's succulent globes into my mouth and caressed her nipple with my tongue. After a few minutes of this, Lola emitted a loud sigh, arched her back, pressing her pussy firmly into June's face, squeezed June's head with her thighs and dug her heels into June's back. For as long as she continued cumming, Lola continued ramming her pussy into June's face and June kept her mouth tightly on Lola's clit. Abruptly, Lola climaxed with one last mighty push into June's face, then collapsed onto the bed. Once her head was released, that lucky June got to eat all the fresh cum juice in Lola's pussy.

When she was done, and had licked off her lips, I apoligized to her for rushing her climax earlier. "I know it's a lot more fun when it takes a long time, so I tell you what. It's a lot of fun for both eater and eatee when it takes a long time, so why don't we, when we leave here, stop at your place or my place and we can take a long time, and I can eat your pussy properly."

"George, I think I'd like that. I know I'd like that. But let's wait until we are through here. If we're not too tired, let's do it."

Lola looked at both of us. "I hope you guys both get too tired. My pussy needs some more eating. George, I hope you can do as good a job of making me cum as June did."

"That", I said, "is my intention." Then June and I knelt on opposite sides of Lola and started licking her nipples.

This time I painted one of Lola's precious nipples with broad strokes of my tongue while June used the short, quick strokes. Variety is the spice of life. I believe the flicking strokes are more arousing to the woman but Lola's nipple felt so good on my tongue that I selfishly used the broad strokes. June went around to the foot of the bed, knelt between Lola's outspread legs, leaned forward under those legs and began to eat her pussy. 

For a half a minute, I continued to lick on the same nipple, then I went to the one June had been pleasuring and starting licking it, still using broad strokes of my tongue. Lola was already expressing her pleasure by cooing and soon it would turn to moaning.

June's face was buried in Lola's lovely pussy but I know that both of us like to start by licking all of the delicious juices out of a woman's love hole and then lick her pussy lips. From the way her face was turned slightly, I could tell June was probing her tongue along the lips on that side but I knew she would stop short of the clit. I looked away from what June was doing and took one of Lola's luscous titties in my mouth and sucked on it while my tongue caressed the nipple. My turn at Lola's pussy would come soon enough and I was enjoying what I was doing.

It was my turn when June said it was my turn. She knows how much I like eating a hot pussy like Lola's and she got up to take my place at her titties, starting by sucking on the other one from where my mouth was. 

Before she had gotten up, of course, she had feasted on the pussy juices that had been secreted. I didn't know where June had left off and I didn't really care because I wanted to lick Lola's delectable love hole, even though there were no pussy juices left there.

The lower edge of her love hole was the next place to be probed and caressed by my tongue. Lola was cooing louder, really enjoying the attentions we were paying to her. While June was sucking on one of her succulent titties and gently squeezing the other, I had begun probing my tongue into the sides of Lola's adorable love hole. Her cooing turned to moans, and the moans got louder when I started licking the surface of one of her inner pussy lips. As her moaning grew louder, Lola started slowly humping her pussy into my face. My tongue had licked almost all the way to Lola's clit when I was interrerupted.

"My turn now", said June. I finished licking the lip and flicked Lola's clit, then devoured all the fresh pussy juices that had been secreted before relinquishing Lola's pussy. June had seen what I was doing and she started licking the surface of the other pussy lip. Lola's moans were louder and her pussy was humping more strongly into June's face. I clamped my lips onto one of Lola's succelent titties and started sucking it while licking the nipple. While I sucked on the titty, I watched June licking Lola's pussy lip. When she got to the clit hood, she curled her tongue and gently touched the adorable clit hiding there then licked her tongue all around that sweet love button. Lola's head was thrashing around on her pillow, her pleasurable moans were rising and falling, her thighs had turned out, presenting her pussy fully to June's mouth, and she was humping her pussy even harder into June's face. I started sucking on Lola's other luscious mound and licking the nipple.

June devoured the fresh pussy juices and started licking softly under Lola's inner pussy lips, moving back and forth across her love hole from one lip to the other. Lola's legs were moving in her scissors motion and we knew she was ready to cum and she wanted to cum. June is fair minded but she was having so much fun where she was that she was reluctant to relinquish her position to me so I could bring Lola to her climax. I suggested we share Lola's pussy and both bring her to the much-wanted orgasm.

June was agreeable so I moved down the bed till we were side by side. We turned Lola onto her left side and June ducked under her right leg so she could eat Lola's pussy from the rear. I would eat it from the front. Lola so passionately wanted to cum that she didn't seem to notice or care what we were doing as long as she could feel at least one tongue on her pussy. Her left leg was stationary on the bed while her right leg was waving aimlessly. June would have her face plastered against Lola's ass but would get all the fresh cum juice and she considered this to be a good deal. I would be the one to take her clit in my mouth so I would be the one who decided when Lola would start to cum, and I liked that idea.

June's chin and mine were pressed together and the first place I licked was the underside of her tongue, which was deep in Lola's love hole, licking the top of that delightful place, and massaging the underside of Lola's clit. 

My tongue probed the tiny area just above where June's tongue was and I was also stimulating the cute love button from a different angle. Lola was begging me or June or anybody else within hearing to suck her clit, and I finally started doing just that. I clamped my lips around her clit and started sucking on it, while my tongue probed and licked the engorged sides ands top of the little darling. June kept her liips tight against Lola's love hole to get the fresh cum juice that soon would be flowing.

After only about two minutes of my sucking and licking her clit, Lola gave out with a loud sigh, as if to say "At last", and started to cum. She couldn't move her left leg but she hooked her right leg over my head, and her right hand pressed my face into her pussy, which was slamming against my face. I could hear June sucking on Lola's love hole and I envied June for all the fresh cum juices she was getting, but mostly I concentrated on sucking and licking the beautiful clit that was in my mouth, and holding onto Lola's leg so I could continue to suck and lick that beautiful clit.

June's sucking, Lola's slamming her pussy and my sucking and licking on Lola's clit continued as long as Lola continued to cum. She climaxed with a final great thruat of her pussy into my face, then her leg relaxed, but stayed in place and her hand released my head. June's mouth was still sucking out the fresh cum juices and I hoped she would share them with me.

When June was satisfied that she had gotten everything, she pulled her face away from Lola. I crawled out from under her leg and looked at June, and that sweetheart stuck out her tongue at me. On her tongue was some of Lola's finest nectar, and I licked it off. Swallowing June's saliva didn't bother me at all; I had swallowed hers and she had swallowed mine today and other times as we took turns licking on pussies and titties.

Cumming twice like that, especially the second time, had drained a lot of Lola's energy and she was going to have to rest for a bit to restore it. We knew we weren't through and while we were waiting, I lay on my back, thinking of what would happen next. While I was lying there, June surprised me by taking my cock into her mouth and sucking it a few strokes. We both knew that my cock would soon be deep inside Lola's pussy but June and I are friends and she was just saying hello.

When Lola was ready, she crept over to me, swung her legs over me and crouched over me, on her knees, with her face pointing toward my feet and her ass pointing toward my face. She rolled a condom onto me then leaned on June to raise her pussy above my cock. June held my cock steady and Lola lowered herself until the tip entered her pussy. I held onto Lola's ass and guided her as she impaled her pussy on my cock, all the way until her pubic hair was tickling my balls.

This is the reverse cowgirl position and the advantages of it to Lola are that she controls the depth, angle and speed of the strokes. The big advantage, however, was to June because she would be able to lick my cock and Lola's pussy while we were fucking. There is no real advantage to me except that fucking Lola is really great, whatever position is used. My hands were on her asscheeks and I would be able to see Lola's cute rosebud winking at me but she didn't want me putting my fingers into it, so I wouldn't.

Even before Lola started her pussy up and down on my shaft, I could feel her pussy juice dripping down my cockand I could feel June's tongue caressing my balls and licking up the juices. Some of the time June would be licking my balls; some of it she would be licking my cock and she would be spending as much time as she could licking Lola's adorable pussy, although not with much pressure on the clit, unless Lola wanted to cum twice while we were fucking. Once we were all where we wanted to be, Lola started slowly flexing her thigh muscles and lifting heself. I could feel June's tongue licking my cock, although the condom deadened the sensation somewhat. Lola's tight, juicy pussy felt a lot better on my cock than anybody's tongue, anyhow. It was a tremendously pleasurable feeling as Lola raised and lowered herself, with the help of my hands on her ass, and I could watch my cock disappearing into her lovely pussy and then reappearing. Sometimes I could see June's face and watch her agile tongue flicking around my cock and Lola's pussy. as she devoured all the fresh juices.
