 June is a woman who lives by herself just down the street from me. She is about 35 years old, tall, and rather slender with small breasts and hips and short black hair. She describes herself as a bi-sexual who tends more toward being lesbian. We are friends but we have never made love, just the two of us, although we have participated several times in threesomes or larger groups.

The most recent time was a threesome with Vicki, who wanted to role-play an encounter among strangers. With that in mind, we went to her apartment house with the plan to be for all three of us to get on the elevator together, with June and I pretending to be married and pretending to be strangers to Vicki. After striking up a conversation, we would go to her apartment. We waited in the lobby and, when we saw Vicki enter, struggling with two large boxes, we got on the elevator and held the door for her. Once inside, Vicki asked June to push the button for the fifth floor.

"Already pushed," June replied. "That's our floor too."

"I haven't seen you before. Are you new in the building?"

"We don't live in the building," I answered. "We're just coming here to Harry Brown's apartment to feed his fish and water his plants. My name is George and this is my wife, June."

"Hi, George. Hi June. My name is Vicki."

The elevator stopped and we all stepped out. June and I offered to help with the boxes and we each took one and followed Vicki to her apartment. She opened the door and invited us in. 

"Can you take those boxes into the bedroom, please?" Vicki asked. She led us into the room and turned on the light. We set the boxes, which were just empty props anyhow, next to the window. With the ice broken, we stood in a group next to her queen-size bed.

"You sure seem like nice people," Vicki said, putting her arm around my waist.

"So do you," June replied, putting her arm around her and patting her ass.

"We're glad we met you," I added, squeezing the other side of Vicki's shapely ass.

"I know," Vicki responded reaching over to pat the bulge in my pants. "I can tell." Still fondling my cock with one hand, she started unbuttoning my shirt with the other.

June unzipped Vicki's dress and unhooked her bra and I reached out and pulled the dress off her arms, letting it fall to the floor. The bra came too, and she was naked above the waist, showing her big, succulent breasts with their inviting pink nipples. Vicki finished the buttons of my shirt and pulled it off me while June was unfastening my pants and pulling them and my underwear down so my cock popped loose. I sat on the bed and, while Vicki was bending over and removing my shoes and socks and pulling my pants and underwear off, June pulled her panties to the floor. After she stepped out of them, and kicked off her shoes, Vicki joined me on the bed, both of us completely naked. 

She is a short, sexy and voluptuous woman with dark brown hair and fair skin. Everything about Vicki is sexy, including the tattoo on her hip. I knew we would really enjoy making love with her, and I especially liked the fact that she had shaved her pussy that day.

I moved over to the far left side of the bed to make room for the others. Vicki joined me and kissed me soundly on the lips. We wrapped our tongues together briefly and her mouth started working its way down my body, kissing my throat, nipples and down my belly. She bypassed my cock, which was fully erect by then, and began licking my crotch and balls.

While Vicki was going down on me, June stripped off all her clothing. As naked as the rest of us, she slid between Vicki's legs and under her chest, taking one luscious breast into her mouth and sucking on it. I was a bit envious because they are really beauties, especially their big nipples, but I expected to be sucking on them myself in a little while. June is rather noisy when giving oral sex; I could hear her tongue lapping at Vicki's nipples and when she took one of the beautiful globes into her mouth there was a loud slurping sound.

Noisy or not, when June started pleasuring her, Vicki stopped what she was doing to enjoy the attentions. After a few seconds, she resumed, licking my crotch, from near my ass to my scrotum, and around both sides of that wrinkled ball sack. The next place her tongue licked was the scrotum itself, and I could feel her gently holding one of my balls between her lips and caressing it with her tongue. The other testicle had its turn next, before Vicki licked my cock, from base to tip.

June was taking plenty of time on Vicki's breasts, and who can blame her, for they are really enticing. She held one in either hand, licking first one, then the other nipple, while gently kneading them. One at a time, June took the lovely globes into her mouth and I could tell from movements in her cheeks that she was sucking on them. 

"June, I love what you're doing. It feels so good. Don't stop." Vicki interrupted her licking of my private parts to express her delight. 

After that, she again concentrated on my cock. Holding it lightly in her fingertips, she licked the head and all around the ridge, before taking it halfway into her mouth. Vicki held the shaft there briefly before taking it all the way in so her lips were pressed against my pubic hair. Her tongue caressed my cock gently as she slowly raised her head, backing her mouth away, until only the tip was surrounded by her lips. While she licked the head, Vicki said, "George, you sure have a nice cock here. Where has it been all my life? I really want to suck you off but I hope you don't cum for a long time."

June had been sucking on Vicki's breasts and, by then, Vicki's pussy was lubricating freely. To get at the fresh juices, June slid down under her body to lick the clean-shaven pussy that was producing them, starting at the dripping love hole. June likes a hairless pussy for the same reason I do - the feel of the bare skin on our tongues and lips is much more pleasing

After she had licked all the juice off, she started on Vicki's swollen pussy lips, poking her tongue into the seam between the inner and outer labia, sucking and probing all the way past Vicki's clit to her mons, and kissing her there. She gave the same attention to the other pair of labia, ending up kissing her mons a second time. Once again, I felt some envy of June, this time because she was eating one of the juiciest and most appealing pussies I have ever seen, with its ruddy lips and prominent clit. Being shaven makes it even more sensitive, and delightful to eat, but it would be marvelous under any circumstances. My envy was mollified by the knowledge that I would have a turn later, and by the sight of June sliding her pussy toward me, for my pleasure and for hers.

She had also been lubricating and I licked all the delicious juices from her pussy, and started probing my tongue into the lower edge of her love hole and the sides of that delightful place. I avoided the upper edge for the time being because that is close to June's clit and I didn't want her to cum too soon. We wanted all three of us to cum at almost the same time, if we could, although I wanted to be the first because I have painful memories of injuries to my cock when a woman climaxed and clamped her teeth while she was sucking on it. After I left the edge of June's love hole, I mouthed a pair of her labia, nibbling on them with my lips only and dragging my tongue along the inner side. I continued like that to the end of the inner pussy lip, where it merges with the other lip to form the hood over her clit. After that, I went back to the same inner lip, my tongue caressing it all the way down to June's wet love hole.

All three of us were lying on our right sides in the shape of a triangle with our mouths busy on each other's sex organs. I looked over at Vicki and I could see her mouth taking my cock all the way in, and then backing off until just the tip was still between her lips and slowly engulfing it again. Of course, feeling my cock entering that pleasure chamber, through her tight, smooth lips and being caressed by her agile tongue was much more pleasurable than watching, although both are fun. Vicki caught my eye and took my cock out of her mouth. She smiled, kissed its head and made kissing motions toward me, before putting it back into the place where she wanted it, her warm, eager mouth, where she continued to pleasure both of us by avidly sucking it. 

I couldn't see much of what June was doing to Vicki's pussy but I could see Vicki slowly humping into her face, and I could hear the wet, juicy sounds as she pleasured them both by licking and sucking on that beautiful organ. Both women were obviously enjoying themselves immensely. June looked at me and grinned, her mouth smeared with Vicki's pussy juice. I grinned back at her, my mouth smeared with her pussy juice. She resumed eating Vicki's pussy and I resumed eating hers, and both of us smeared more delectable juices on our faces.

My tongue went to the other outer pussy lip and I licked and treated it the same way, nibbling it and the inner one with my lips, and running my tongue over the inner edge until I reached the end of the inner lip. June was purring with pleasure in between her slurping and other noises, and she had started humping her pussy into my face. When I curled my tongue under the hood and stroked her clit a few times, she began thrusting harder. I resumed licking her inner lip slowly, all the way to her love hole and devoured the nectar that awaited me there.

I looked again at June and Vicki and saw Vicki fucking her pussy even harder into June's face and her hips had started swiveling. She appeared ready to cum. Although I couldn't see just what June was doing, I could hear the sounds she always makes when she enthusiastically licks a pussy, so I was sure she wasn't sucking on Vicki's clit yet, which is much quieter. Vicki was sucking my cock with faster strokes and her tongue seemed to be even busier on my shaft. I could feel my climax building and I knew I would cum in a couple of minutes. "I'm ready to cum, Vicki", I told her. She didn't say anything but gave me a thumbs-up sign and sucked my cock even faster.

I turned my full attention to June's pussy, at least as much as I could, considering that I was just about to fill Vicki's mouth with semen. June was aware of the bite I had suffered on my cock and I believed she was expecting me to cum first, then Vicki, then herself. That seemed like a good sequence but I didn't want anybody to lag too far behind so I started probing my tongue into the underside of one of her inner pussy lips, which also pressed against the area next to her love hole. Probing slowly, but using considerable pressure, I moved my tongue a very short distance, stopping well before her clit. 

June's purring had turned to moans of pleasure and her thighs had rotated outward, presenting her pussy to me the most fully. The inner pussy lip on the opposite side got my attention next, and I licked and probed the same way, but when I got near her clit, I licked across the upper edge of her love hole, indirectly stimulating her adorable clit. Instead of swiveling her hips when she is close to cumming, June rocks them back and forth, and she had begun doing that, while her pussy jammed into my face. She was almost ready to cum, but she would have to wait a while longer.

I was on the verge of giving Vicki a mouthful of cum, and she knew it. She was still stroking my cock all the way into her mouth, with her tongue caressing the shaft but her strokes were a lot faster, and I could feel her trying to poke her finger into my ass. Knowing Vicki's goosing my prostate would make me cum even stronger, I reached back and lifted one ass cheek to help her. Her finger, lubricated by her saliva, punched in all the way to the knuckle, just as I ejaculated onto her tongue.

Vicki swallowed that spurt of cum, and two more, and kept my cock in her mouth for a minute longer, sucking on it to get all my juice. When she took it out and licked it, I could see June move slightly and I knew she was concentrating on Vicki's clit. I kept my tongue busy on June's pussy lips and after a few minutes, Vicki gave out a joyful cry, clamped her legs around June's temples and grabbed the back of her head with her hands. June wrapped her arms around Vicki's hips and held on while her pussy pounded into June's face, until Vicki climaxed with a spasm of her whole body. 

That's when I sucked June's precious clit into my mouth and started sucking on it. With my lips I formed a seal and I could feel the engorged little darling throbbing in my mouth. My tongue continued caressing until I heard June groan loudly and felt her grab my head and press it against her pussy. I reached around her hips, and she and I held on to each other, keeping her clit in my mouth where my lips and my tongue could finish bringing June to her climax. It happened with one last strong thrust of her pussy and then her leg swung over my head and she rolled over on top of me. I kept my mouth where it was, sucking and licking her clit, until I knew she was through cumming before moving down and devouring the fresh cum juices before they all ran out onto the bed.

All three of us continued to lie in a triangle with our heads near where we had been pleasuring ourselves and each other. Vicki kissed my now-flaccid cock and said "You guys are really great. I'm sure glad we ran into each other. I hope Harry Brown stays away for a while so you can stop by to see me when you come to his apartment."

"We'll sure do that," answered June. "But I hope that we're not through for the day. It's early, and we can have a lot more fun. George and I certainly have nothing better to do. We can take care of Harry's apartment later."

"June, you did such a great job of eating my pussy, I want to eat yours now."

"Well, I would like that just fine. You did such a great job sucking off George that you must be really good with your mouth. I would love to have you eat my pussy."

"Vicki", I added, "You have about the most delicious looking pussy that I have ever seen. I would really love to have your juices smeared all over my face like they are on June's."

"Then it's settled," Vicki announced. "But let's all clean up first."

"Ladies first," I said. The two women went to the bathroom and washed off their faces and rinsed the saliva and juices from their pussies, using warm water only, no soap. We all know that one of the many fun things about eating a pussy is the natural musky aroma, and soap would destroy that. When it was my turn, I washed my face and I very carefully washed my hands with anti-bacterial soap and water because they had been inside June's ass cheeks.

When I left the bathroom, Vicki was lying on her back with pillows under her head and ass and her legs spread for me. June was on her hands and knees, straddling Vicki, who was licking her nipples. I had been a bit envious when I saw June enjoying Vicki's gorgeous breasts and I wanted a few minutes with them also, but I was going to have to wait until June's pussy was even with Vicki's mouth. After a few more strokes of her tongue, Vicki slid down to where she could reach June's pussy, bringing her pillows with her. 

I bent over and took one of Vicki's succulent mounds in either hand and started licking her big, sensitive nipples. June's ass was just inches from my face but that didn't bother me. In the past, I had licked her there, to our mutual enjoyment. After my tongue had enjoyed the nipples for a few minutes, I firmly clamped my lips around one of Vicki's luscious globes and sucked on it while my tongue flicked the nipple and traced the areola. A minute on either of the beautiful twins and I was ready to feast on Vicki's delectable pussy.

All three of us were play-acting and pretending that we had just met but one thing I had said earlier was absolutely true. Vicki's pussy was just about the most delicious looking that I had ever seen, and I have seen and eaten a lot of pussies. I adjusted the pillow under her ass and gazed with delight at what awaited me, then leaned forward, wrapped my arms under Vicki's thighs, breathed in her delightful fragrance and started my banquet.

There were only tiny drops of fresh juices in Vicki's pussy, but I started licking there anyhow because I like the taste and texture even when it's dry, and I like to thrust my tongue in as far as I can. After that, I licked the lower edge of her love hole and the edges on either side. Vicki's pussy tasted just as good and felt just as good to my tongue as I knew it would. I went to one of her outer pussy lips and started nibbling on it using just my lips, while licking the outside surface. My nose was right over her love hole and the feel of her soft skin against my tongue and the aroma of the fresh juices her pussy was starting to secrete were incredible. I took my time and licked all the way to Vicki's mons and nuzzled her there with my lips.

I looked over Vicki's body to see how she and June were doing. June was on her knees, straddling Vicki's face with her ass sticking up in the air. Vicki's head was resting on a pillow; her hands were gripping June's ass cheeks, and her tongue was slowly licking the lips on one side of June's pussy with broad strokes, from her love hole to at least her clit. While I was watching, she brought her tongue back and licked the other pair with the same slow, broad stroke. A stream of juices was running from June's pussy down her leg, and I considered leaning forward and catching it with my tongue. I decided against it, because Vicki would be producing plenty of her own nectar. 

She must have noticed my pause because Vicki let go of June's ass to reach down and spread her own ass cheeks, while continuing to lick June's pussy. I knew what she wanted so I let go of her leg with my right arm, lubricated my middle finger with my saliva and slowly pushed it into her lovely ass. I fucked it in and out a few times and resumed eating her beautiful pussy, first devouring all the delicious juice that I had chosen over June's.  I planted nibbly kisses, using only my lips, on Vicki's other outer pussy lip while licking the outside of that lip. Again, I nibbled and licked my way to her mons, and kissed her there. My finger going in and out of her ass, my lips and tongue on her pussy and June's pussy on her mouth were combining to get her really aroused. Although I wasn't even close to being through eating her pussy, her whole body was writhing on the bed.

We would all want June to cum first and that didn't look like it would be hard to accomplish. I took another look and I saw June's pussy jamming down against Vicki's face even stronger than Vicki was thrusting into mine. As I watched, I saw Vicki curling her tongue into June's dripping love hole and then back into her mouth with a serving of fresh juices. Seconds later, that tongue was probing the top edge of the same hole, indirectly caressing her clit, making June's pussy even more active, while her moans of absolute bliss were louder.

My full attention returned to Vicki's pussy and my tongue started probing the seam between one pair of inner and outer pussy lips. From just below her pink love hole, I licked upward, paying special attention to the surface of the inner lip, which is more sensitive. When my tongue reached the end of her inner lip where it helps form her clit hood, I glanced at June and listened to her. She was moaning even louder and her hips were swiveling while she rammed her pussy down into Vicki's face. Her actions meant she was close to cumming. Knowing that, I probed my tongue under Vicki's clit hood and gently licked the engorged love button that is sheltered there. She responded by jamming her pussy harder into my face and I could feel it squirming under my mouth. After I licked up all the nectar that Vicki had secreted, I explored between the other pair of inner and outer pussy lips, again concentrating on the inner lip. I probed and licked my way to the end of the inner lip where it forms the other side of the clit hood. Just as I reached there, I heard a loud groan from June.
