 Ok here it is, I never went looking for this but it somehow found me. 

My friend Natalya came to work Thursday talking about this cute white chick that she met when she was hanging out on Wednesday night. She spoke of how pretty Katherine was and mentioned that she had a really nice ass. Natalya said that Katherine was married but she wanted to meet one really cool black dude that was on her level and had a larger that average Johnson. 

Something I guessed was that she wasn't getting "it" at home from her husband. Natalya told Katherine that she had someone perfect for her, that person being me. So I continued to listen with a bit of interest as she continued to tell me about how Katherine was acting towards her at the club and how she came from out of the blue and told Natalya that she wanted to taste her pussy. THAT bit of information grabbed my attention. Five minutes later she came back by my desk on her way to her break and told me to walk with her. 

"I'm about to call the girl I was telling you about. I wanted you to talk to her and introduce yourself real quick," Natalya said.

I stood and followed as her cute little booty swung from side to side while she walked. We stepped outside and took a seat on the steps as she began to dial Katherine's cell.

"Hey Kat, it's me, Natalya. What are you up to?" she quizzed. "Sounds like you are dead asleep." 

She paused to listen in as she told her something I couldn't hear.

"Do you remember I told you I had someone perfect for you to meet? Well he's right here and I wanted to let you guys say hello and introduce yourselves."

I reached for the phone. "Hello Katherine, how are you doing? I've been hearing some good things about you from Natalya, and she is right, you do sound sleepy." I laughed and asked, "Are you still recuperating from last night?"

"No, I'm ok. It's nice to meet you also." Then her cell phone went silent.

We tried for the next 5 minutes to get her back on the phone with no success. As Natalya's break was coming to an end she finally called us back. I grabbed the phone from her and continued with the lost conversation that we were once having. 

I brought it to a close with, "Hopefully we will get the chance to meet soon." And I ended the phone call. 

I looked at Natalya who was looking back at me and we just shook our heads like IT'S GOING DOWN; we laughed and walked back to our seats.

The Next day......That Day: Friday

I had left work early that day. I headed to visit some of my people when I got a call. It was the two of them on the line giggling and acting silly. We talked for a few to see what each other had up for the evening. Natalya had decided to open her house up to us for drinks and a lil smoke session. 

As I was on the way home from hanging with my kinfolk my brother sent me a text saying that my sister-in-law was out of town and he's having a poker night for the fellas. 

"There's my alibi," I mumbled to myself. "Ill just leave this out and ole nosey face won't question my whereabouts." 

Although I was actually considering going to my brother's house, I ultimately knew where I wanted to end up. I left home around 9 that night not knowing where I was going, since I had not heard from the hostess. I had to leave the house to coincide with my alibi. So there I was, sitting at pump number 11 not knowing which way to go. I'd also had another offer from a chick at work that I was also considering, but that would be much later, after I left my brother's house. 

My phone rang as soon as I decided that I was headed to my brother's for a few drinks and a few hands of poker. It was the hostess. She said that Kat was at On the Border and that she wanted us to come up there. As she was telling me this, Kat sent me a text saying the same exact thing. So I headed that way. 

I waited on Natalya to get there before going inside. She pulled up at about 9:30. She was wearing a very tight pair of jeans and a shirt that showed every inch of cleavage that she had. As we stepped into the bar area all eyes were on us. Well, more her than us. The eyes of every guy were glued to her tits and I completely understood why. 

We sat at a table in the back near the bar. I was promptly introduced to Kat. We said our hellos as she looked at me with this look of approval. She smiled big and accepted my handshake. I ordered drinks for Natalya and myself. She began to talk with one of their friends who was seated at the table with us. 

Kat quizzed me with a few questions and I managed to get more than a few laughs. We were having a good time. Within minutes of meeting Kat, she began to display all of the tell-tale signs of attraction. Touching of the arm, hooking her foot under my leg, picking lint from my hair AND showing me how she can make her tongue dance. You know, the usual. 

As I was holding a conversation with her I received a text for Natalya. It read: HOW LONG IS IT GOING TO TAKE U GUYS. I HAVE TO MEET MY DUDE ABOUT 11ish. 

I leaned over to Kat and told her that I thought it was time that we take this party to Natalya's house. I directed our waiter to bring me my tab and Kat got up to go pay hers at the bar since she was cool with the bartender. 

That was when I really got a good look at what she was wearing. It was a lavender-colored, almost see-thru, baby doll type of dress. I was sure you ladies have a name for it. Underneath you could see her dark purple thong. She came back to the table and excused herself as she was going to the bathroom. Natalya followed. 

After I settled up with the waiter we headed to our cars. Kat decided that she would ride with me and Natalya would follow. As we rode back to Natalya's house I informed Kat that I got a peek at her thong as she was paying her tab at the bar. She gave me a shy kind of grin, and then lifted her dress to show me the front of them. 

Me being the hands-on type, I reached over and stuck my hand into her panties to look for her love button. She looked at me, bit her lip, and then removed my hand from her panties while saying, "You don't know me like that...yet." 

"Not yet," I thought to myself.

We pulled into the driveway, got out, and followed Natalya into her house thru the garage. As we entered we were in the kitchen. Natalya went to the back of the house to kick her shoes off and put her purse away. Kat wasted not one second before she turned to me and shoved her tongue down my throat. 

I asked her to spin around so that I could get a good look at this ass I was hearing so much about after we kissed for a few seconds. She willingly lifted her dress and bent over at the waist.

"Not bad for a white girl, huh?" she asked as I looked on in awe.

"Hell no, not AT ALL!" was my response.

I dropped to my knees so I could get a better view of her goodies and what I saw attracted my tongue like a moth to a flame. I ran my tongue across her pussy entrance, and then up to her asshole where I circled it with my tongue and returned to my feet. She spun around, gave me the sexiest look, and told me that I was a bad, bad boy.

Our host returned to the room and wasted no time in opening the bar. Hennessey, Capt. Morgan, Jose Cuervo, Apple Vodka. You name it, she had it. We did have a little argument over who was going to get the last bit of Hennessey but, being the sweet and nice ladies that they were, they let the gentleman have his drink. 

After our drinks were poured we all went into the living room. Kat acted as though the skimpy dress she wore was now a bother to have on, and stripped as she stood between us. I asked her to spin so that Natalya and I could get a better look at her body. She bent at the waist again and I playfully smacked her on her lily white, right ass cheek. I sat on the sofa and Natalya took the love seat and to my surprise Kat came over and straddled me. 

I pulled her onto me and took her left nipple into my mouth. She grabbed the back of my head and pulled me in close to her. I reached up with my left hand and gently began to pull on her right nipple. She began to grind on my continually growing dick. As she did that, I grabbed the back of her thong and gave it a little tug. I sucked her perky tits for a few minutes before I asked her to dismount me and turn over. 

She lay there with a grin on her face. I bent forward once again, taking one of her tits in my mouth. I then began my voyage down south. I circled my tongue around her belly button a few times before taking the top of her thong in my mouth, easing them down. When they were around her calves she kicked them off and before me was one of the cutest pussies that I have ever laid eyes on. 

I wasted no time teasing her. I dove head first into her wet, juicy pussy. She began bucking against my face almost instantly as I ran my tongue across her clit for a few minutes while fingering her, before I decided it was time to stop playing. I launched an all-out assault on her clit. I sped up the fingering. I learned a long time ago that it's the perfect combo to go along with my pussy sucking. I took her clit into my mouth and she moaned very loudly.

"Is it that good?" Natalya asked from her seat on the love seat as she looked on. Kat just moaned in response.

I continued to suck on her clit as she moaned in delight. I knew she was cumming when she pushed her cunt into my face and raised her hips off the couch, gripping the back of his head as she let out the vocal part of her orgasm.

"OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!" she cried out while looking down at me between her legs in disbelief. 

"Wow!" was all she could manage to let escape from her lip as she attempted to gather her breath.

"Now it's my turn," I announced as I stood and began to unbuckle my belt.

After unbuckling my belt my jeans slid to my feet and I stood there in my boxers. I looked at Natalya and we shared a laugh. Kat was on her knees as I stood in front of the love seat. She moved towards me and grabbed my dick through my boxers and gave it a gentle but firm bite. 

From that moment I knew this would be an event that I would need to sit down for. I removed my boxers and took a seat on the sofa. Kat grabbed my dick, held it straight up in the air, and took my nuts in her mouth. I let out a very low moan that filled the room. Natalya looked over at me.

"Damn fool! Are you ok?" she asked as she laughed.

"I'm feeling just fine," I said as I began to watch Kat as she sucked my cock with the passion that only a woman who loved to suck dick could only display. 

Slurping sounds filled the room as she sucked on the first half of my dick. She then began to take more and more of my cock into her hot mouth. She had so much in that I could feel her nose touch my pubes. She would take it out and then slowly make her way back down my pole.

"NATALYA! Get over here and look at this girl's skills," I said in a hushed tone.

Natalya got up off of the couch for a close-up of what was going on. She stood and looked over my left shoulder. 

"Damn! Does she have your whole dick in her mouth?" Natalya asked.

"Yesssssssss." That is how I replied to her question.

Just as she got most of my Johnson into her mouth she began to bob her head up and down. I have never witnessed or felt anything so lovely in all of my 34 years on this here earth. This chick was the one who taught the pros. She came up for a breath of air after about a minute or more and just looked at me and asked if I liked it. Was she serious? 

She continued to suck my dick as Natalya stood over my right shoulder watching the whole thing go down, I moved Kat's bangs from her eyes. 

"Look at Natalya while you suck my dick!" I commanded.

Kat looked directly into Natalya's eyes. As I looked back at Natalya I could see that she was looking on in either what was amazement or awe. Either way, I wasn't about to move until I made sure that moment was etched onto my brain. Something I would be doing a lot of over the next 90 minutes. 

After my dick started to swell I decided that I wanted to get behind that thick, white ass and run my dick up in that thing like a piston of a 572 cubic inch Chevy engine. I stood behind her as I unwrapped my lifestyle and rolled it onto my dick. 

I looked back at Natalya and moved toward Kat. I took an ass cheek in each hand and let my hips guide my dick toward her waiting pussy. As I stuck in the head of it I heard her gasp for air. I began with long slow strokes at first the worked my way up to a faster pace as she moaned and bounced her ass back on me with each forward thrust. 

I kept this pace for about five minutes or more, switching between long and slow strokes. I looked over my shoulder to find Natalya turning away from us to sip her drink as she made a gesture with her hand as if her favorite gospel song just came on, yet another act that was etched onto my brain. 

As Kat neared orgasm I decided to slow my stroke to a medium-paced one, using long stokes until she came. As she did she supported herself up on the back on the couch with her hands and bounced back even harder in attempt to get every last tingle out of her orgasm. As her [orgasm – climax] subsided I felt the need to get this chick on her back and show her what a fuck was all about.

"Natalya, do you mind if I use your guest bedroom?"

"No, not at all. I've already pulled the comforter and sheets back. Knock yourself out." 

I grabbed Kat by the wrist and led her to the room. Once there I instructed her to lie on her back. I quickly ran my tongue over her clit before I mounted her and stuffed my condom-covered cock into her gaping pussy hole. I pushed in and once again began a slow grinding motion as she held onto my back.

I came in close to her as we engaged in a slow, wet kiss as I kept grinding my meat into her like a fuck-champ. She let out moans of ecstasy as we kissed and fucked. I decided that she had gotten about as wet as she would so I propped up my right leg, leaving my left in its normal spot. I pushed her leg back and opened them as wide as I could. 

I called it the G spot revealer and started out slow at first. I could see the combination of pain and pleasure on her as I slowly stroked her. I felt the inside of her pussy give way to my intruding cock and begin to pick up my pace. As I did, I could tell that her first orgasm in this position was about to occur.

"THAT'S IT! SHOVE THAT BLACK DICK UP IN ME!! UUUUGGGHHH"

She came with force as she looked up at me and mumbled something that I couldn't understand, and then laid her head back down. I kept on stroking for a few moments more before asking her to turn over. She got on all fours with her legs together and her ass pointed straight in the air. 

I, once again, took both cheeks in my hands and let my hips guide my dick to her wide-open pussy that her juices were leaking out of. I placed the tip of the head in and as soon as I did she pushed back, placing my entire dick in her. At that point I grabbed her hips that were sticking out from both sides and held on for the ride.

Not to be outdone I quickened my pace as slapping sounds filled the air. I reached back for a sip of my Hennessey and turned on the light so I could see the contrast in color between my black dick and her pink pussy. It was remarkable. 

I reached up again to turn off the light and kept up my pace until I could tell she was about to come again. I took a cheek in each hand and spread her ass wider as I stood on my tippy toes so I could hit that spot I hit when I had her on her back.

" MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM!" She moaned as she came for the third time. 

I once again requested that she turn on her back. I stood at the edge of the bed and grabbed an ankle in each hand. I let my hanging dick bounce above her pussy, slapping her clit with each bounce.

"Put it in!" I commanded.

She reached down with her right hand, gripped my cock and noticed it was in a semi-hard state. She sat up on the edge of the bed and asked me to take a few steps backwards and took half of my dick in her hot, wet mouth. With her hand at the base of my dick she did a suck and jerk move that soon had me standing at attention. 

Kat lay back down with my dick still in her hand and pulled my hardness into her softness. She lay back with her legs straight in the air and once again my hands grabbed her ankles. I pumped my meat into her as she began to play with her clit. She lay there smiling and I got a glimpse of a beauty that most won't see. It was her sexually satisfied beauty. 

"Are y'all almost done in there?" Natalya yelled from the other room.

"Yes, almost!" I yelled back. 

I pulled out of Kat and instructed her to lie on her back at the end of the bed with her head hanging off of the edge. I stood above her and she knew where I was going with this. As she began to suck my dick Natalya appeared in the doorway about five feet from me.

"Damn Stefan!!!! Your ass is sweating something awful!"

"He's been working really hard," Kat explained with a mouth full of dick.

"Where is she?" Natalya asked as she looked at me. 

It was dark so I pointed down to the bed. She looked down to see Kat lying on her back with my dick in her mouth and hands. Natalya watched for a few seconds before she stepped into the hallway to retrieve a towel for me. She came back and began to wipe the sweat off of my back, neck and forehead. 

She stood and watched as Kat worked my dick in and out of her mouth. Natalya and I looked at each other for a moment and I'm not sure what made me do it, but, I reached out and pinched her nipple. It was something that I have wanted, secretly, to do for a long time. I was met with no resistance. 

So I got bolder and removed her nipple from her shirt and squeezed her tit. I once again received no resistance. I once again got bolder and pulled her into me and started to lick and suck on her right nipple. She stood there with a sly grin on her face, so I continued.

"Hey, I want some of that too!" Kat shouted.

She sprang to her knees and took Natalya's left breast out and attacked it like a nursing infant. So there we were standing in a dark room with a tit in each of our mouths. We played with them for a few minutes before one of them suggested it was time for Natalya to get her pussy licked on. I released her tit from my mouth and stood behind her. I began to undo her belt buckle and was thoroughly surprised when I was met with no resistance. 

"I'm really about to push my luck now," I thought to myself.

First it was the belt. Then the button was undone. I thought, "Wait, who am I kidding?" before yanking her pants and panties down with the enthusiasm of a forty year old virgin. 

Kat and Natalya laughed at my eagerness and both said in unison, "Dang, slow down".

Kat was standing in front of Natalya as I pushed Natalya towards the bed. 

"I'm tasting this first!" I told Kat while moving her out of my way.

"Good! I can play with these for awhile," referring to Natalya's tits.

As Natalya lay down on the bed I took her high-heeled clad legs in each of my hands and spread them apart. I wasted no time in teasing her with my usual sensuality; around her pussy my tongue danced. I went right to the prize. I hated that I couldn't see her reaction. Kat was between us sucking and nibbling on her eraser-sized nipples. 

That was okay though; Natalya's breathing pattern let me know I was doing okay down below. I went between licking her clit and pussy lips to sticking an inch of my long tongue in her pussy entrance. She seemed to like that the best. I would run the tip of my tongue along the top of her insides a few times before I would withdraw and lick my way back up to her clit, licking and sucking her towards orgasm. 

My dick was as hard as it had ever been and it needed attention. I instructed Kat to take my place between Natalya's legs, licking that wonderful-tasting pussy.
