 It was a lazy Friday afternoon, he had just finished a night shift and was heading home when he decided to log on to the famous swingers website. He had joined it almost 2 years ago and had a number of meets with couples and a few ladies on. It's always difficult for single men to meet people off the site. 

He clicked on the profile of the couple who had winked and liked what he saw. Unlike many men, despite the limited success rate, Andy was choosy about the people he met, and often enjoyed meeting couples and only met single ladies in clubs (with a few exceptions obviously). 

The couple were in their late 30s, looking to spice up their already exciting sex life, they were self proclaimed newbies and a bit nervous about the whole thing. They got chatting via messages on the site and soon realised that they seemed to have the online chemistry and liked each other's profile and pics. 

Andy gave them some tips about meets and how not to feel pressured during meets. These messages continued for a good few weeks, they commented on each other's new pics and also exchanged some personal naughty ones, however they didn't exchange any face pics, they wanted it to remain a surprise element. Finally they decided to meet one Saturday night.

Andy was excited and nervous, although he had met couples before, this meeting seemed to be special. There was real chemistry between them, he loved the pictures he had seen so far, and even had a few wank-sessions on Ivy's pics and was really looking forward to the meet. He picked a nice plain white shirt, his favourite blue Levi's and a navy blazer. As per his style, he had his tan brogues on. A bit of after shave and he was ready to leave. 

They had exchanged numbers but not yet spoken on the phone, he received a WhatsApp message saying that they too were leaving and would be sat in the corner of the pub where they were supposed to meet. Ivy was going to be wearing a black dress and Dave was in black shirt with jeans. 

On the drive to the place, Andy had a constant hard-on and found it difficult to drive, multiple scenarios played in his mind and he seriously hoped that they all clicked and have a good night. They had agreed that if there was no chemistry in real life they would just have a few drinks and head their separate ways with no hard feelings! 

All the nervousness disappeared once Andy saw Ivy and Dave. They looked lovely together - Dave was South American about 5'11'' tall and Ivy was stunning, around 5'5'', excellent figure and beautiful smile. She had a black backless dress which ended halfway down her thighs. The legs were shapely and she had wide hips and a tiny waist. She had blond hair which reached just below the shoulders and crystal blue eyes. 

They started talking and got on very easily, as if they had known each other for ages. Ivy decided to sit between the two men, after all this night was supposed be all about her. They had a few drinks, Ivy kept flirting with Andy and teasing Dave. 

Suddenly she grabbed Andy's hand and pulled him to the dance floor. She danced sensually, accentuating every move, thrusting her hips from side to side, showing off her hour glass figure, getting really close, he could feel the heat from her body, smell her fragrance, her hands on his shoulder and his cock starting to stiffen. 

He pulled her closer, his left hand on her slim waist and right on her bum, which he gave a quick squeeze. He could see from Ivy's expression that although she was surprised, she liked it as well. 

Dave was sat on the side enjoying the scene playing out in front of him. Gosh he loved Ivy and really wanted her to have a great night. All he hoped was that Andy live up to the proclamations he had made. 

Ivy's hands moved down and were now on Andy's bum and she pulled his hips forward and could feel the thickness in his trousers against her belly. She turned around and rubbed her peachy arse against his raging hard-on and his hands running across her belly. 

Things were heating up, he whispered what he planned on doing to her tonight, in her ear. She looked back at him with eyes filled with desire and kissed him, a deep passionate kiss and suggested that they all leave. 

Dave gave the directions while Andy drove, they were heading to Dave and Ivy's house, Ivy's sister had kindly offered to look after their kids. Once they were home they stood in the lounge with an awkward silence, not sure what to do, how things would turn out? Finally they started giggling like teenagers. 

"This shouldn't be that difficult should it?," asked Ivy. "After all you have done this a few times, haven't you Andy?"

"I have but for some reason, the chemistry, electricity, whatever you want to call it, has never been this high or right. You are absolutely drop dead gorgeous, your mind, your intellect, your sense of humour turns me on so much!"

"Well here's to a night we all remember, and lets make sure that Ivy has the night of her life!," chipped in Dave as he handed out glasses of champagne he had just opened. 

The ambience changed suddenly, Ivy pulled Andy to her and kissed him on the lips, just enough tongue and then ended it as suddenly as it started. She led him to the two-seater settee and asked Dave to sit on the chair opposite to them. 

She sat next to Andy on his left, leaning on his shoulder and taking out her mobile phone. She was sat cross legged, with her foot slowly running up and down Andy's leg. She logged on to the swingers website and clicked on Andy's profile, she stared reading out aloud. 

"It says - I got a nice thick cock, very girthy but more importantly know how to use it well. I can last long and cum heavy! - Well I will be the judge of all that!," she said and winked.

"So lets see what you call thick cock" she said as she started looking at the pictures on his profile. There was an authority in her voice, making it clear who was in command tonight. 

Andy was sitting right next to her, filled with excitement and nervousness, he hoped that he could live up to her expectations, and Dave was watching this new side of his wife.

"So Andy, do you remember where you took these photos and what you were doing when you took them?"

"Tell me about this profile picture of yours" she asked as she pointed to the picture of his cock sticking out from the fly of his blue chinos. 

Andy was not sure if she really wanted an answer or was it a rhetorical questions, but the expression on her face made it clear she wanted him to answer. 

"Well I had just returned from work on a sunny summer evening and was feeling quite horny, I was in my conservatory and decided to watch a bit of porn, I like a bit of exhibitionism and decide to pull out my cock and take a picture for the site"

"Did you cum?"

"Yes later in my room."

"Not in the conservatory? How boring! Anyway what about this one?" 

She asked pointing to the one where he was standing in front of a mirror completely naked. 

"This was when I had gone to a conference in London and was having a wank in my room, waiting for room service to come with food."

"Did the room service staff see you in that condition?" He nodded no. "Sad! That would have been interesting if they did, don't you think?"

"Now Andy, Dave and I were discussing your pics and I really like them but we were concerned that you may have photoshopped them to make your cock look, so thick and nice. Before we go any further and possibly get disappointed, I want to make sure that you have the tools you promised." 

Was she asking him to strip for her, right there in the middle of the lounge with her husband sat opposite. Were they recording this for some prank? 

"No Andy, I am not joking, I want to see your cock now, please stand up and show me!" It was more of a command than a request. 

Andy stood up, and started unbuckling his belt. 

"I think it would be best if you stripped naked so I can be sure that those pics were not fake!"

A bit startled but Andy started enjoying this, he decided to give her a show. 

He took off his blazer, folded it neatly and put it on the table - not rushing. Then he took off his wrist watch and slowly unbuttoned his shirt. He paused for a moment before removing the shirt completely, he was a bit self conscious. He did not have six packs or rock hard abs but was well toned with a flat stomach. He had broad shoulders and very light chest hair which he did not shave. He was just under 6' tall, had a stubble which was nicely shaped, showing the effort he made to look after himself. 

"Very good, could you now please take off those jeans!"

He took his time to unbutton the fly and lowered his jeans and then did a turn around in his boxers and showed off his really well toned bum. She thought that his bum looked really nice, something about a perfectly shaped bum in a man got her very horny but what caught her eye was the huge bulge hidden underneath those boxers. 

He finally, after much teasing got rid of the boxers, standing stark naked in the middle of the lounge, in front of a couple whom met a few hours ago, both of whom were fully dressed. 

Ivy stood up and examined him from all angles. She stopped directly in front of him and looked at his cock. "It seems thicker and bigger in the pics, maybe you did photoshop them, or perhaps you need to get it a bit harder. Why don't you play with it a bit and see if we can get it to the size in your pics."

Andy started stroking his cock, his right hand tugging it and his left hand cupping his balls. The already hard cock, was slowly getting harder and bigger. Ivy picked up her phone and placed Andy's profile pic next to his cock. "Almost there but not there yet! Maybe you need a bit more help?" 

With this she turned round and lifted her dress up to her hips and pushed her arse back while leaning on the settee for support. 

Andy saw her peachy arse, perfect in shape, she was wearing a slightly see-thru underwear and he could make out her butt crack which appeared lush. Her skin appeared smooth, without any blemish, the curves of her bum inviting him to touch. 

Her pose was seductive, her shapely bum curved and narrowed into her back, you could possibly put a wine glass on her back in that pose without spilling it anywhere. He so badly wanted to touch her and have her there and then itself. 

As he raised his hand to touch her bum, she stopped him. "Not yet, first I need to make sure if you pics were real or not." She kneeled down in front of him, her face directly in front of his cock and examined it without touching it.

"Yes that seems alright, what do you think Dave?" Who was transfixed at the scene in front of him, slowly rubbing his own bulge under the trousers. 

"Yes I agree!" Was all he could murmur. 

"He's slightly bigger and thicker than you isn't he Dave?" Ivy continued. "Let's compare, take off your trousers hunny!" 

It was now Dave's turn to look surprised, this was clearly not in the script. The determination on Ivy's face didn't give him much of a choice. 

He lowered his trouser and his brief to show his cock. It was already hard and the head had a purplish hue.

Ivy once again kneeled down, this time in between Andy and Dave. With each hand she held their cocks and inspected them. 

"Actually you are only ever so slightly smaller than Andy but he's much thicker - but no need to be jealous of him, I love your body just the way it is! Wait let me get a measuring tape." 

She left the room with Andy standing naked and Dave with literally his pants down and of course the two cocks standing in attention. She returned with a measuring tape, and once again kneeled down with excitement. 

She first measured Dave's which was just over 7 inches long and 5 inches in diameter. She then measured Andy's which stood just under or almost 8 inches long and 7 inches in diameter. 

She looked up at the two men with twinkle in her eyes and gleeing with excitement 

"Two nice juicy cocks for me tonight!," no longer in the dominating role. She dropped the measuring tape and continued gently stroking the two rigid cocks like a child with her favourite toys.

She stood up and kissed Dave long and hard. You could see the passion in their kiss, they had an exciting and wild sex life and this was the next step. She thanked him for arranging this meet and asked him to get fully dressed and sit down on his chair. 

She returned to Andy who was still standing naked, watching the couple, clearly madly in love with each other. 

"I am sorry, I am not really the dominating person but don't know what happened. Thank you for coming over and going along with this all," she softly put her hand on his cock which had started to go a bit soft. 

"C'mon lets have a seat" she sat next to him still holding on to his cock. He wasn't lying when he said that he always smelled nice she thought.

"So do you like us? I hope you like me, my body!" The confident dominating woman was gone, and here was this lovely, slightly self conscious woman. Before he could answer "I want us all to have a good time, including you!" 

Her hand still slowly stroking his cock, she gave it a squeeze. He moaned. 

"Is something wrong?" She asked innocently, though with a mischievous smile on her face. 

"You both are really nice and I think you are one of the hottest woman I have met, you are perfect and I am glad you are not skinny - just not my thing. I promise you that you will have a great time." 

He leaned forward, his lips slightly parted and just stopped in front of her mouth, she moved in and they kissed, first just softly then it got sensual with lots of tongue. 

His left hand holding her face and right working it's way down her neck to her breasts. As he caressed her left breast over her dress, she started stroking his cock harder. 

"Gosh it's rock solid!" Pulling his cock downward, she let it go and it bobbed back and slapped on his belly. It was just around his belly button. 

Grabbing it again and running her long slender fingers along its whole length she said 

"Dave you should feel this, it's so hard!" Both Andy and Dave look startled and she burst out laughing. 

"You guys should have seen your faces!" 

She let go of Andy's cock and leaned across and kissed Dave " I was just kidding babe, just kidding."

As Dave and Ivy were kissing, Andy couldn't help staring at the beautiful peachy bum which was in the air as she leaned forward. He started stroking his cock. It was so hard that it started to hurt. 

He couldn't take it any longer and stood up and started to rub his cock against her arse. Only the thin fabric, translucent knickers in the way. 

Ivy moaned and turned round to see what was going on and smiled when she saw his big thick tool, it looked bigger than when she had measured it, well at least the head was definitely bigger. 

Andy continued rubbing his cock against her arse, he was enjoying the view of the beautiful bottom. 

He finally inserted his fingers in the waistband of her knickers and slowly peeled them off. She opened her legs and bit and the knickers were held mid way around her knees. 

He then started gently caressing her bum cheeks which she found sensual and also a bit ticklish and kept wriggling her bum which turned on Andy even more. 

In the mean time Dave now had his cock out of his trousers and was busy stroking it. 

Andy finally kneeled down behind her. There they were - Dave on the chair stroking his dick and passionately kissing Ivy, who was bent at her waist leaning forward and Andy kneeling behind her, his face inches away from her arse and hands touching her shapely legs and bum. 

She could feel his breath on her bum and was getting really wet. She grabbed hold of Dave's cock and started stroking it. 

Dave lowered her dress and released her breasts, which Andy noticed from his view point between her legs. Her dress was now cluttered around her waist and was obscuring a bit of the view of her heavenly breasts. 

He lowered her knickers and started licking the inner aspect of her right knee and slowly and teasingly worked his way up towards her pussy. But he side tracked and worked his way to the arse cheeks and licked them, kissed them and also occasionally bit them. 

This was driving Ivy crazy, she moaned and took Dave's rigid cock in her mouth which in turn made his moan as well. He could not see what Andy was doing but knew that guy was hitting the right buttons. 

Andy spread her butt cheeks to reveal a perfectly puckered bum whole. It looked very attractive. 

Now Andy was not a pussy licker (only did it twice before in his life) nor was he a rimmer. But at that point he was so turned on and her bum was so attractive that he spread the cheeks as far as he could and licked the arsehole which elicited a loud moan from Ivy 

"Oh god, Andy yes! No one's ever done that before. Oh god!" 

Encouraged he gradually increased the pace and put a finger in the puckered entrance. He did not force it in but just left it at the entrance while licking her and increased the pressure, the entrance slowly relaxed and he introduced the finger in. 

The pleasure was so intense that Ivy accidentally bit Dave's cock and he gave a funny squeal. "Sorry hun, Andy is .. never mind" with that she started deep throating Dave who was not only enjoying the blowjob but also playing with her boobs. 

Andy bent down to see what was going on at the other end and saw that Ivy had her lips almost down to Dave's balls. He decided it was time to taste the inviting pussy. He could smell her love juices. His finger was in her bum whole and then without using his hands or anything he flicked his tongue at her pussy. 

The first touch sent shivers all over Ivy's body and she pushed her pussy into his face. He moved his tongue sidewards trying to open the labia and continued fingering her arse with his right hand and move the left from her bum to her inner thigh, making sure that his hands did not make contact with her pussy. 

After repositioning, he had to ultimately stop fingering her arse and he pushed his face further between her legs he was able to spread apart the labia and pushed his tongue inside her pussy, in the process he hit her clit, which pushed her into a mini orgasm and she squeezed her thighs and her legs gave way. 

Andy got hold of her and Dave stood up a bit concerned.

"I am fine, I am fine, actually I am brilliant. Thank you guys that was awesome!" She said. After a few moments of silence and everyone getting back their breath. 

Andy lay on his back and made Ivy squat over his face. 

"That's better" he said "Now I have proper access to your pussy!" And he started eating her. 

With Andy lying on the floor and Ivy squatting Dave presented his cock to his wife to finish what she was doing. 

"I am sorry as great as this feels, my legs are starting to hurt" said Ivy. 

They all changed positions. Ivy decided to lie on the settee with her bum right at the edge, to give Andy easy access to her snatch, Andy was on his knees licking Ivy and Dave was standing on the settee getting his cock sucked by Ivy. 

Andy was giving his best, he didn't usually like to eat pussy but Ivy had a very nice pussy, clean shaven, smelt nice and tasted amazing. He had spread her lips apart and had his index and middle finger in her, facing the front wall of her vagina, pressing on the ridge around her pelvic bone, he knew Ivy was loving it the way she wiggled her bum. He was also licking her clit at the same time. 

He then changed technique and put his tongue in her and started almost french kissing her pussy with a lot of tongue action. Is that called Australian kiss? Don't know but Ivy was getting close to another orgasm. What else could she hope for, she was having her cunt being eaten like a pie eating contest and had her hubby's beautiful cock in her mouth. She knew that he was close. 
