 I stood in the shower, rinsing my hair on that warm morning. My husband had told me he was running out to the store and would be back later. I was looking forward to a lazy day spent in a lounge chair reading in the summer sun. My task complete, I turned the water off and stepped from the shower. 

We had taken the cabin for the weekend on the advice of my husband's friend, Jason. Jason kept the house for himself during the summer but had invited us down for an informal get together. Without hesitation, we dropped the kids with sitters and off we went to de-stress in the woods. 

Since I was alone in the house I walked naked into the bedroom after toweling off. A breeze blew through the open window, ruffling the curtains as I walked into the room. But that isn't what rose goose bumps on my arms. The sight of Jason, as naked as I, lying on the bed startled me and I let out a small yelp. 

I tried to cover myself with my hands, but wasn't as successful as I would have been had I a towel. "Geez, Jason, what are you doing in here?" I asked as I grabbed for a tee shirt lying at the foot of the bed. I couldn't help but notice how his erection grew the longer I stood naked before him.

"I didn't feel like going to town." Was his simple answer. 

"You shouldn't be in here, though. If Will ever finds out ..." I said, pulling the shirt over my head. 

"This was Will's idea." Jason said with a smile, his hazel eyes not once leaving me.

I stopped fussing over the shirt and quietly asked, "What?" Though I knew the answer before he could say it.

"You're getting your fantasy, kiddo. Will and I planned this weekend for you. Except," he stood and walked to me. "I get you first. Just you and me for the afternoon." With those words spoken, he dipped his head and pressed his mouth to mine. 

I started to kiss him back, but stopped suddenly. What the hell was I doing? I broke contact and stepped back, my breath coming quickly. "This isn't...right. I can't." Instead of moving, however, I stayed rooted to the spot drinking in the sight of Jason. He stood about 5'10", and he had the average build of a 45-year-old man. Age had softened his body and thinned his chocolate brown hair, but all these changes only heightened his sex appeal. He was the cute neighbor guy every woman watched as he mowed his lawn or washed his car. In fact, I was one of those ladies who suddenly found her flowerbed needed weeding whenever Jason came outside. 

Will and Jason had become fast friends when we moved into our new house and, with Jason being fresh from a divorce and needing help with his kids, he was always around. Three months ago, Will noticed my sudden appreciation for all things outdoors whenever Jason would strip off his shirt. Will began teasing me about it mercilessly until late one night, as he stroked my clit to send me over the edge into ecstasy, he whispered into my ear, "Would you fuck Jason for me?" 

I couldn't answer at that moment; I was so lost in the sensation of my little bud tingling. Will pressed his body closer to me, slowing his rhythm, "Answer me or I stop." He said into my ear. 

"Please ..." I said, my hand on his trying to speed his rhythm again. 

"Answer me." 

"Yes." I half whispered, my body arching, desperately wanting to reach climax.

"Jane, do you want to fuck him?" his words broke through the desire-induced fog surrounding my brain and I really heard what he was saying. "Do you think about him when you stroke your little box, baby? Do you think about what he'd feel like shoved inside you?" As he spoke, his touch on my clit grew lighter and faster. 

I was right on the edge of cumming, ready to give myself over to the weightless feeling that comes with each pulse of my body, when I blurted out, "Yes I think about fucking him. I want to fuck him." It was a truthful admission, something I had fantasized about repeatedly. 

And then I came. Long, hard pulses of pleasure racked my body. I was still in the throes of orgasm when Will shoved his cock inside and fucked me hard and fast until he came. Weeks later I would admit to wanting both men in bed with me, enjoying each of their bodies. It was something I never expected to really happen. 

"Jane? I thought you wanted this." Jason's voice brought me back to the present. 

"I did. I do. It's just..." my voice trailed off. I couldn't take my eyes off his body and I sure as hell couldn't deny how wet my pussy had grown just seeing him in bed waiting for me. 

"Just what?" he asked. "Will and I talked about this. This is the reason you are here this weekend."

"Yea, but do you want this or is this just a favor to a friend?" I asked, looking him in the eye. Old insecurities are hard to lose sometimes.

Jason took my hand and placed it on his semi-erect cock. He was warm and solid, and I couldn't help wondering how he would taste. "Yes, I want this. I've thought about fucking you for awhile now."

"You have?" I asked and my hand began to absently stroke him as we stood there. 

"Mmm-hmm." Jason bent down and gently kissed my lips. "Since that night you and Will fucked in your yard. I saw you leave the house and then I walked down to see what was going on. When I reached the back yard I could hear you moaning. I walked to the deck and saw your legs spread and watched Will stroke you. My cock was so hard I jacked off watching the two of you fuck."

My hand stilled at his words. I had no idea anyone saw Will and me that night. He continued, "I love your body, Jane. You're soft and warm." He lifted the shirt over my head and ran his hands over my rounded belly and gently squeezed my hips. "I like watching you. I've watched you sunbathe naked when you thought no one could see you." He kissed my lips softly. "Remember last week when you stroked yourself out there? You thought you were alone, but I was there at the bottom of the steps. I had come over to see Will, and instead I found you open and hot. I almost fucked you that day." He grinned and caught my mouth again. "I'm always there watching you. With Will or without." He cupped my full breasts and rubbed his thumbs over my nipples, sending a shock wave through my body. "There is something about a woman with a full figure that just makes me want to sink into her until we both can't cum any more." He then pulled me to him, his hands cupping my face, and kissed me deeply, his tongue stroking across mine. "I'm tired of just watching you Jane. I want you. Will told me I could have you. So I'm taking what's mine." 

Then and there I stopped fighting. This man wanted me and I wanted him right back. As the summer breeze blew through the window and the oscillating fan on the dresser circulated it, I fell into bed with my husband's closest friend. 

I gave myself to Jason, kissing him and enjoying the taste of his mouth. At first, we were clumsy in our discovery of one another but it wasn't long before we settled down and his hand was between my legs, stroking the hair that covered my mound. I reveled in his touch and the pleasure it was bringing me. 

I moaned into his mouth as his fingers played over my clit. His body felt so good against mine. He knew exactly what to do, where to touch, and what to say. His voice was as erotic as his touch, coaxing me to cum. There was no teasing, just the search for release. When it came, I curled myself against him, kissing his neck, my breath coming short and fast. 

We started kissing again. It seemed we couldn't stop kissing. There were so many things I wanted to do with him ~ to him ~ and I had no idea where to start. Jason gave me the first idea. "Suck me," he whispered, his hand on my face. "Like you did to Will last night on the deck out there." He sighed as I pulled my tongue over his nipple. "Your tits covered in cum are something I want to see again before this day is finished." He kissed me again before gently easing me down his body. 

I kissed over his soft belly, my tongue gently circling the dip of his belly button. He sighed in response. I kissed around his pelvis, feeling his crisp pubic hair on my face. His cock had softened slightly and I gently took it into my mouth, hearing him gasp his pleasure. 

I took him as far into my mouth as I could. I nibbled at him, licking the length of his cock, stroking him with my hand as I went. His hands were in my hair, guiding my movements gently. I licked his tip, tasting the pre cum that accumulated there, devouring his cock hungrily. Jason moaned, shuddered, and sighed, his own pent up release building. 

"No!" he suddenly said, removing his cock from my mouth. 

"Did I do something wrong?" I asked, worried I had hurt him in some way. 

"Oh, god, no, Jane. That was amazing. I just don't want it to end that way now." He panted, his hands on my arms. 

"How about this, then?" I asked, suddenly brazen as I straddled his lap and lowered myself onto his cock. 

"You...are so...fucking...tight!" he roared as my pussy enveloped his rock hard erection. 

I grinned, arching my back slightly, adjusting to his length. "It's my secret weapon." I purred, running my hands through my hair and posing as I sat atop him. 

"I've never ..." he began, unable to finish his thought. He placed his hands on my hips and thrust up quickly.

"Ahhh!" I cried, falling onto his chest. "Easy does it. I can't take a lot of movement this way."

"Oh, Jane, I'm so sorry." Jason brushed the hair from my face and kissed me gently. "I didn't realize." He kissed me again. 

I melted onto him. Honestly, I could have cum from kissing him. As we kissed, I gently rocked my hips, causing him to moan into my mouth. I was beginning to enjoy that sound. 

Jason ran his hands up and down the sides of my body. "I've never had a pussy this tight before. You feel so good," he whispered against my neck.

I blushed at his compliment and rewarded him with rocking faster. For several long moments the only sounds in the room were of our kisses and our bodies moving together on the soft bed. 

"Roll me over now." I said into his ear. "Fuck me." I demanded. 

With a slight grin, Jason rolled me over. Our bodies broke apart, but he was quick to enter me again. He rocked slowly between my legs, his eyes on mine, and I reached up to kiss him again. "More," I begged, hitching my legs up on his hips, pulling him in deeper. 

"I can't hold it, Jane." He said, his voice tight. 

"So, don't. Let it go. Enjoy my body." I whispered seductively as my fingers played over his nipples. 

"Oh, yes. Oh..." he grunted as his hips began to move faster and his cum shot inside my damp walls. "Fuck," he cursed quietly, but it wasn't in despair. It was said with relief. 

Jason collapsed on my chest, and then slowly rolled to my side, tucking me against him. As our breathing slowed I noticed the sky had grown darker and a light rain now cooled the breeze. "I should have seduced you much sooner than this." Jason admitted, his hand gently gliding over my skin.

I giggled, snuggling into his arms. "No kidding. We really need to thank Will for this. I hope he knows how grateful we are."

"Oh, he does." Came a voice from the corner of the room. There my husband sat, in a chair, watching Jason and me in bed. He had a smile on his face as he walked over to us. "I should be thanking you though. You put on a great show." He leaned over and kissed me on the lips gently before leaving the room.

"How long was he there?" I wondered aloud. 

"Since I started touching you." Jason replied, pulling me close for more kisses.