 The rain had stopped by the time I woke. Unfortunately, so had the breeze. The room felt damp and smelled of sex ~ lots of it. I was alone in bed with a sheet draped across my body. 

I sat up, feeling a bit sore and disoriented. Then it all came back to me. I'd spent the afternoon having sex with my husband's best friend while my husband watched. Most of the time, I wasn't even aware of my husband's presence. He seemed to walk in after we started and left as we finished. He never said a word. 

I checked the clock on the nightstand. It was almost six. I wondered where Will and Jason had gone. I walked into the bathroom to wash up. My pussy was tender, and I gently cleaned it with a cool cloth. I could smell Jason on me still and it made me weak at the knees. I had been filled with his cum four times that day so far. I wondered how many more times that would happen before the night was over. 

After pulling on shorts and a tank top, I headed out the door and down the three steps into the living room. I could hear their voices out on the deck and after drinking a large glass of water I headed out to where the guys were. 

"Hey, you're up." Will said and he and Jason stood when they saw me. Will grabbed my hand and kissed me deeply. The whole time I was aware of Jason's watchful gaze. 

"Sorry," I said after the kiss broke. "I was just wiped out." I smiled at my husband and kissed him again. "Thank you." I whispered just to him. 

Will touched my face and smiled at me. "I love you." He said, his eyes on mine. 

"I love you too." I said in return, hugging him gently. 

I then walked to Jason and stepped into his arms. It happened fast. Jason's mouth was on mine, his tongue searching deeply, as he worked the button on my shorts. I pulled away and managed to get out the word "What?" before Will tore off my shirt. My shorts and panties were ripped from my body as Jason sat in the chair before me. He was shirtless with the fly on his jeans open. I turned and saw that Will was in the same state of undress. "Wait, guys. What ..." I began.

"On your knees, Jane. Now." Will demanded, his voice thick with lust. 

I was stunned into silence and dropped to my knees before them. Jason had pulled his semi-erect cock from his pants and was smiling at me. "You're going to suck me off this time and Will is going to fuck you while you do it." His voice was quiet and calm. He leaned forward and took my face into his hands. "This is just the beginning Jane. There's so much more to experience tonight." His words were gentle and he kissed me again. My heart hammered in my chest and I realized how turned on I was by all this. Not just the attention, but also the forcible men that were giving it to me. 

As Jason released my mouth he said, "Suck him first." He turned me so I faced my husband. 

I looked up at Will and saw the desire flashing in his eyes. He reached into his pants and pulled his cock out. It was already hard thanks to the scene he had just witnessed. I took his cock into my mouth and licked it the best I could. I've always loved giving Will a blowjob. His cock was delicious to me and I always found a way to get it into my mouth during sex. Will's hand was at the back of my head, holding my mouth there to suck hungrily as Jason watched. I was dripping with excitement, ready to take him inside my pussy, when he released me and turned me back to face Jason. 

Jason was grinning. "What a hungry little slut you are." He shifted his hips so his cock stood straight up. "Take it."

And I did. I didn't think twice, just took him in my mouth for the second time that day. I took my hand and started to rub him and as I got into rhythm, I felt Will spread my lips and then he shoved his cock inside of me hard and fast. My breath let out in a whoosh and I had to take my mouth off Jason, but Jason moved my head so that I put my mouth back on him. 

We fell into a new rhythm then. With each thrust from Will, I was able to take Jason deeper into my mouth. I could feel Will's cock sliding in and out of me, knowing as he began to thrust faster that this would end all too soon. 

I worked Jason's cock over with my mouth and hand. I tasted him, licking as I had done before, wanting to please him. "Yes...yes..." he whispered to me over and over, his hands in my hair, guiding me all the way. 

Will slowed his thrusts behind me, his hands holding my hips, as I brought Jason to completion. Jason's body grew tense, and I sat back slightly, my hand rubbing his shaft quickly. He started to cum in great spurts that landed on my chin and chest. My tits were covered with milky white fluid and then Will started slamming into me. 

Will's moans and grunts signaled his own release. He shoved himself as deep as he could get and that's when he let go. I felt his cock throb with each surge of cum and I collapsed into Jason's lap, weary from the act. 

When Will had finished, he withdrew from me and pulled me to the lounge chair behind him. He nestled me against his side and opened my legs. I realized then that Jason sat directly across from me and watched as cum dripped from my swollen lips. 

Will's hand then began rubbing across my clit. I jumped at the first contact, nervous with being watched so intently. When Will had watched as Jason took me in our bed, I wasn't aware of him. But now, with Jason's eyes on my body, out in the open air of an August evening, I suddenly felt embarrassed. 

I tried to protest, but Will stopped me. "Just think about how good this feels, Jane." He kissed my neck and ran his fingers through my sticky folds. My skin tingled and my clit hardened as I locked eyes with Jason. 

I covered Will's hand with my own, using his hand to stroke at my own pace. I fell against him, masturbating to thoughts of all that had happened that day. Will coaxed me with whispered words, but I held back each time I reached the edge. I would not go over just yet. 

I could feel the thick summer air on my naked skin. My tits and inner thighs were sticky with dried cum and my bare ass rubbed against the front of Will's jeans. I could hear birds chirping and felt the last streaks of daylight play across my generous figure as Will and I rubbed my clit together. I was incredibly turned on; taking enormous pleasure in having Will stroke me as Jason watched. 

At last I changed movement and pressure and allowed myself to cum. I cried out, my voice echoing through the deep woods that surrounded the house. Will whispered loving words to me, his voice a gentle rush against my neck. My pulse slowed as his lips caressed the space between my ear and shoulder. Our hands were still twined together, covering my clit, as my orgasm ebbed. I snuggled against my spouse, his arms around me, holding me tight, as my lover looked on.