 Author's Note : This is my first attempt at a series. I hope you enjoy it. I will gladly accept constructive criticism, and/or encouragement. I apologize, in advance, that Part 1 may lack enough"action" to suit many readers. I will try to make up for the lack of "action' in following chapters. I need to lay the groundwork for the characters and story that will follow." Please, enjoy the story.





 It was 4 o'clock in the afternoon, on the 2nd Saturday in April. Time to begin the monthly party of what came to be known simply as " The Group."

 This group had begun meeting 10 years ago, here in the Phoenix area; and had evolved with rules,guidelines, traditions, and unspoken ( but still ever-present )understandings ; into what eventually became these people's second "family." A group dedicated to the sexual pleasure of all its' members. At the present time the "Group" consisted of 7 married couples.

 Ian and Fay Frazier were hosting the get-together in their large and comfortable home this month. It was expected that each couple would host these parties on a rotation basis throughout the year. Ian Frazier was also the acknowledged leader of the group; but, in fact, all were equal partners within the group. It was just that Ian was the oldest member, and along with his wife, Fay; they had been in the group the longest. In fact, they were the last remaining couple from the "Original 8." Ian was 45 and Fay was 42 when they first joined the "Group"... Now in their 50's, they were looked upon for leadership, knowledge, and their experience.

 Each month's party began, as was the tradition, with what was known as "The Business Meeting." A time to sit and go over any announcements, schedules, or problems relating to the group by the couples. After this meeting, which usually lasted from 5 minutes to possibly an hour, the "fun" would begin....and usually lasted until noon the next day.

 Fay got the couples to sit in the living room, in a rough circle....3 couples on the long leather sofa; and 4 couples arranged in a semi-circle stretching from one end of the sofa, around to the other end, in larger cloth covered arm-chairs. Looking down from the ceiling; they were arranged in a large capital "D" configuration.

The seven men sat on the sofa or the chairs; while their wives either sat at their feet, or on their laps. That should not be taken as an indication that the wives in the group were subserviant; but rather, an easier way for all of them to better see and hear each other. The fact is, some of the women were rather dominant, when it came to the sex romps; which would soon begin.

 Another important "tradition" which had evolved within the group was the proper attire , worn by the men and ladies at these monthly meetings. After arriving at the host-house in regular street clothes; the men changed into party clothes in one bedroom, while the women went to another bedroom to change. The men wore only cotton briefs("Tidy Whities," or solid colors), or silk boxer-shorts. This month three of the gentlemen wore briefs, while the other four men sported boxers.

 The wives had a bit more fashion leeway. They could choose among several styles of lingerie : sexy corsets and/or bustiers, had always been popular with the gathered husbands. They could also choose sexy corsets, and chemises. These outfits were usually accompanied with matching garter belts and thigh-high stockings. The men especially liked the look of the thigh-highs on the ladies. Perhaps the most popular outfit from the gals perspective were sexy sheer "Babydoll" outfits. The favored color was pink; however, light blue's and green's were also mixed in.

 As the meeting came to order, there were a number of subtle and knowing smiles being shared between certain members; perhaps thinking back to certain "moments" at last month's party....or simply the desire to get it on with that person later tonite. All of these couples had been in the "Group" for many months; all had previously fucked and sucked with all the other couples many times....so there were many little unspoken communications, and flirtacious winks occurring constantly.

Ian spoke up and said, " I suppose the first order of business is to discuss the vacancy that currently exists in our group. As you all know, our little family here normally consists of 8 couples; but since Roger and Lynda have moved to another state after last month's party; we are short one couple."

 Roger Carson had gotten a promotion at his insurance agency. That was the good news! His salary was nearly doubled, so he and his perky wife Lynda, could hardly turn it down. The bad news was, they had to relocate to his company's home office in Providence, Rhode Island.

 It was an erotic....and tearful "Farewell" party for them last month. It seemed that each of the ladies wanted to be his last fuck-mate in the group for Roger. While each of the men, seemed to want to provide Lynda with her last orgasm within the group. It was a long....and FUN party last month! When it ended, that Sunday afternoon, Roger and Lynda left behind some wonderfully sexy memories.....and...they left some used "uniforms" behind as souvenirs also.

 But....that was then and this is now. Ian asked, "Does anyone have a prospective couple in mind to replace the Carson's??"

 Sitting in the center of the couch, Grant interjected..." I thought Lydia and I had a possible replacement couple....but....when it came to their "physical"....they wouldn't fit in." Several people began to ask questions to Grant; the only black guy in the group. 

 He hand-gestured for everyone to pipe down. Ian then began to remind everyone of one of the main tenets of the group. A strict rule which really defined the group and made them all special......that being the "Physical" requirements to be admitted to this family of friends and lovers.

 Way back....when the group was founded...it was supposed to be a group of friends who had just a few things in common...1) a waning or lack-luster sexlife in their marriage....2) A desire to improve their marriages without "cheating"...but rather by "sharing" their spouses with others....while they are in the same house. And finally...and maybe most important..3) To do this in a group with people who were physically like them.....AVERAGE!!

 No Hot Babes need apply!! The women....to use the old and trite high school boys rating code never rated above a 7 nor lower than a 5; on a scale of 1 thru 10. All the women in the group were pretty.....but certainly not gorgeous (like a movie star might be)....or for that matter...even the high school Homecoming Queen. The women would all, most likely, be considered "6's or "7's" by most men's standards.

 The men were the same....AVERAGE...not handsome, nor homely. Men who would never cause a woman at the supermarket or bank to take a 2nd look. The men in the group were not too tall...not too short....medium to small build. Most women would probably ( if they used the 1 to 10 scale), rate the guys a 6 or 7 also.

 Grant added, " I thought of my racquetball playing partner, Don...and his wife Susan, might join us here....but in the locker-room I noticed he sported a pretty big dick ." Grant continued..."Not that I check out many men's members in the showers, but its part of our "physical."

 He had casually asked Don, "Say...I bet your wife likes you in the sack....how many inches can you give her with that pole?" Don had proudly proclaimed, "I can get 10 and a half inches out of this fucker." He never realized that with those words he had sealed his fate with the group.

 All of the men in the group...(well, their was one slight exception)...were only average in the penis size department. All of them managed to get 6-7 inch hard-ons. The one exception was Grant. Black men have the stereo-typed image of having massive cocks between their legs...Grant's came in at 7 and 3/4 inches, when fully erect. BUT, He reasoned with the group...In the black man's society...he was considered slightly below average ...and thus...convinced the members of the "selection committee" to give him a "waiver" on this part of the physical; allowing him and his lovely wife Lydia membership to the group.

 At the time, the members acquiesced. So, Grant has the longest ( by about an inch ) penis in the group. The other men seemed to have no jealousy problems with him; and ALL the ladies seemed not to mind, either. In fact, the women all seemed a bit enthusiastic about admitting him into the group.

 As for the ladies "endowments"...their tits....all must be an "A" or "B" cup bra size. No massively huge DD's!!....no humongous tits allowed!! There were good reasons why these size rules were put into place by the founders of " The Group".....back in the day. The rules reduce jealousy, envy, and feelings of inadequacy. They promote a feeling of, "we are a special group; we are NOT in competition in this group,..we are here to give each other sexual pleasure and enjoyment....and, at the same time...give our spouses newfound respect and love.

 "Besides, " Lydia added, " Susan (Don's wife)had breasts as big as cow udders....at least Double D's, if not bigger,so she was out too

!" Some in the group, seated around the room, tittered at that remark.

 " Okay...Okay!" announced Ian...."Let's have our usual "Make-out Break!"... then we can get back to business." They all smiled and made a hasty scramble for a partner of the opposite sex, who was not sitting next to them.....probably that someone they were coyly or suggestively smiling at a few minutes before. Another "tradition" had evolved during the years; to call for a "Make-out Break" during the business meetings. The purpose was to perhaps break any tension, or just get everyone warmed up; have a little early fun, now that the meeting looked like it might last awhile longer..... and also, to get the sexual juices flowing early. As if the people sitting around in their sexy "uniforms" wouldn't be doing that already.

 Arms circled partners, lips met, smacked and opened....to allow tongue duels all around the room. These couples had shared one another many times....fucked and sucked many times...so there was no shyness, no hesitation. These people were here to have fun and give each other pleasure...its what this group of well adjusted, community minded adults existed for. These 5 minute make-out breaks had been used for a long time...to whet the appetite for sex later, and to just plain have a little fun during these sometimes, tedious meetings.

 After 5 all-too-short minutes of spit-swapping...everyone returned to their chairs and places where they had been before; some a bit out of breath....all smiling and joking....and, yes, a few having obviously become aroused....a couple of the ladies had to rearrange the garments they were wearing. Somehow, their clothes had been "disturbed" during the break. Now how could that kind of thing happen?? Huh???

 While Ian was getting everyone back into order; he pensively thought about each of the couples that were here today. He started at the far end of the sofa, and worked clock-wise around the group with his thoughts and perceptions.

 Thinking to himself, Ian focused on the far end of the couch where Steve, and his wife Nora cuddled in his lap. They were both in their early 40's, and had been in the group about 5 years. Steve was a tall high school teacher, with long blond hair; his wife was a 4th grade teacher, who had medium length strawberry blond hair, and nice rounded b-cup breasts. As a couple, Ian ruminated, they were very intuitive, eager to explore sexual boundaries for themselves, and both really liked anal sex.

 In the center of the sofa was Grant and his pretty wife Lydia, who sat on the floor between his knees. The only black couple in the group, both the shade of a Hershey's chocolate bar; Grant was 32, and Lydia 30. Grant was a plant manager at a manufacturing business in town, and Lydia worked as a police dispatcher for the suburban police department in Mesa. As was mentioned before, Grant had the largest cock in the group ...almost 8 inches. Lydia sported a lovely pair of sensual a-cup tits. As a couple, Ian regarfed them both as stable, solid, and secure in their sexuality.

 On the near end of the sofa, just to Ian's right, sat Gary and Patty. She was curled up on her husband's lap, smiling at the group. Gary was a 26 year old city auditor, while his 23 year old wife (the youngest member of the group), worked as a travel agent. Patty had the smallest boobs among the women, perky a-cup tits, that Ian recalled were quite sensitive. Ian remembered that they are the newest couple to join the "Group;" having been participants for just 4 months. They were very exuberant sexually, and added alot of energy to the parties.

 Next to the end of the sofa where Gary and Patty sat; Ian sat in a comfortable over-stuffed chair, while his wife Fay sat on the floor between his feet. Ian was a 55 year old jeweler, and Fay was a 52 year old school secretary. Because age has a way of helping to shape bodies, Fay was the heaviest of the ladies at around 135 pounds, and had the fullest tits. Her c-cup mammaries had begun to sag just a little; but, she was still a very attractive brunette; with some grey hair high-lighting her appearance. Ian shaved his head, (and other body areas), and was tall.

 To Ian's left sat Juan and Maria Garcia. He was a 38 year old landscape contractor, and his pretty 32 year old wife , who sat between his feet, was his office manager for his business. Maria had very long straight black hair that covered the tops of her a-cup beauties. They had been in the group only six months ago. They also had been married the shortest time; about 3 years. Both of them were known to be quite uninhibited when it came to sex.

 Tony and Lisa were next around the circle. Tony was a short man with dish-water blond hair. He was 28, and an oil supplier in the Valley of the Sun. His cute 26 year old wife was a graphic artist and had a very lovely set of b-cup knockers. Both were rather pensive in demeaner, and really liked to participate in 3-somes; and specialized in giving and receiving oral sex. Lets face it, thought Ian, they have very talented tongues.



 Finally, sitting opposite from Ian and Fay were Joe and Dee Almonti. Joe was a 34 year old housing construction contractor, and his wife was a 33 year old ticket agent for a major airline at SkyHarbor Airport. Dee was a very pretty brunette, with b-cup tits; while Joe looked the part (almost) of a mafia boss. Because they both showed strong leadership skills within the group, Ian felt they would become the next acknowledged leaders of the group, whenever he and Fay left.

 Ian was like a proud uncle surveying this "family." All of them got along very well; afterall, they tried to fuck each other's brains out every month. All of them were very discreet, about keeping this group secret and private, from friends, co-workers, and family members.

 Once in awhile, a couple had to miss a get-together, due to an illness,.... maybe family functions they were committed to,.... or vacation travel. But, most of them looked at these meetings as the high point of each month. One of the corner-stone purposes of these parties was to enhance the sexual part of each married couple. Not having all eight couples there was infrequent.

 That then was the group; and the group needed another pair to get back to the full complement of 8 couples. Ian asked everyone if any of them had a couple...maybe neighbors....maybe business associates....maybe school chums.....Did anyone have a prospective couple on their "radar???"

 Ian noticed Joe and Dee having a quiet, but animated, whispered conversation between themselves. They looked like they were maybe debating something. Finally, Joe spoke up.

 "Dee and I think we might have just the right couple in mind. They are good friends of ours from back in high school. I play golf with Ron Larson quite often, and Dee has known Carol since elementary school."

 It sounded to the group that they might be a good fit. Joe continued, " From little comments I've heard from Ron, their sex-life seems to have waned badly the last few months." Dee added, I'm sure Carol fits the right physical requirements ( boob size, height and weight); as well as facial features."

 " The only problem," Joe warned, " is how Ron matches the physical demensions ( dick size ). I just haven't seen his cock since we were on the wrestling team in high school; I don't remember what kind of package he is carrying around."

 In all the aspects for new members, being AVERAGE" was fundamental. Dee assured everyone that Ron and Carol Larson were average; and would really fit in well, personality wise, with the current membership.

 "So here is the thing," Joe continued, " I am playing golf with Ron next Saturday. I will make a "pitch" to him about our group; and just come right out and ask him about his cock size." Joe planned to have this conversation in the lounge/ bar in the clubhouse after their round of golf. The guys refer to this time as "the 19th hole."

 At about the same time, the boys were on the 19th hole, Dee planned to go to their suburban home, and make her "pitch" to Carol. By far, it was going to be more difficult "pitching" the group to Carol. Carol Larson is very straight-laced! Carol had always seemed too inhibited in many aspects of life. But one thing was certain,....she loved her husband irrevocably. If there was a problem with their libido's, she would do anything possible to repair it.

Her husband, it was assumed, would be much more receptable, to group sex activity (What guy wouldn't??) He had always been popular with the girls; and most assuredly had more experience with sex, before they got married, than Carol had.

 If all went well....things were explained...and Ron and Carol Larson seemed to want to give the "Group" a try; then a "test-party" would be the usual pattern for new membership. A test-party usually consisted of 3 current couples, inviting the prospective couple to sample group sex.

 This step can be daunting. Many people have been known to "freak-out" when they see their spouse getting fucked, or sucked, while in their presence; by another person. The major purpose of the test-party is to show new members that there is a BIG difference between cheating on a spouse, and sharing a spouse. 

 Since Joe and Dee had known the Larson's for a long time; they pretty much knew there was a good chance that Ron and Carol would be joining to "Group." Joe said, " I'm pretty sure I can get Ron interested; the trick is for Dee to convince Carol."

 Ian then asked the group..." If Joe talks to this fellow next Saturday; and they can make a decision....that would mean we need 2 couples to volunteer for a test-party." After some quiet discussion among the group, Gary and Patty volunteered. Soon after that, Juan and Maria offered to be the 4th couple. Obviously, since Joe and Dee would be their "sponsors", they would host the event at their house.

 With that item concluded, Ian happily announced, " Okay the plan is in the works! Now its time to end the business meeting with our usual game.....Lets play "Balls in the Sack!!"

 Everyone gleefully squealed their support for the game. This game signalled the beginning of a sexcapade weekend for the couples; enough with "business".....Lets Fuck!!

 Patty had been chosen before the get-together to place 2 balls ( about the size of a small plum) in the red velour bag. This bag had been used for this game for years; nobody knew who donated it, back when.

 The bag would be offered to one of the giggly gals....she would teasingly lick and mouth the bag....sucking first one ball, then the other lewdly into her mouth...pretending it was a very large scrotum....containing 2 large balls. Then the "sucker" would reach into the bag, and without looking, take out one ball.
