  Author's note: To get the most out of this chapter; the reader is strongly encouraged to read the 1st part of this series! You will find much more "action" in this chapter 2. Please give me "feedback"...I got lots of "hits" from part 1; but very few comments. Constructive criticism and/or encouragement is appreciated. 

Chapter 2.

It was the Friday nite following the April party for " The Group." Ron and Carol Larson were getting ready for bed. They had been married for 10 years; after a long and normal relationship since they had become high school sweethearts. They had both decided, early on, not to have children.

Ron was a 34 year old bank loan officer; while Carol, also 34, was an insurance agent for a nationally known company. She had only had sex with one man in her life, Ron....although she had dated some others while both were in college. Ron had a bit more experience; having bedded 3 women while in college. Both of them loved each other with all of their hearts.

Like many married couples, however, the sex part of their marriage had waned the past couple of years. Sex was predictable, infrequent, and both of them felt a lack of physical affection....a widening hole in their relationship.

Since they had not made love in about 2 weeks, Ron was hoping; as he waited for Carol to come out of the bathroom, and get into bed; that tonight he might just "get lucky." When she came into the bedroom wearing her black short "nighty"...he knew his chances were improving.

While she climbed into bed next to him he turned out the light. He snuggled over close to her and whispered, " mmm you smell really nice...and your hair gleamed as you came to bed." Carol asked in a light way, " Do I usually smell bad??"....and giggled a bit as she felt his arms surround her. They both gently teased each other.

Ron began to sweetly kiss her neck...then her ears....and then her lips. Carol sighed contentedly, and Ron knew he was going to "get lucky" since she didn't push him away; as she sometimes did.

Their love-making then settled into the perfunctory sex that they were both accustomed to, after several years....kissing..leading to tongue-kisses....leading to breast play...as she laid quietly on her back. Ron kissed, nibbled and sucked on her nipples; as she breathed deeper, and seemed to like the attention.

While this was going on however, Carol was thinking.." I wish he would be a little more imaginative...maybe vary his routine ...do something different...something surprising." But, she did not communicate her thoughts to him. Ron was also thinking.." I wish Carol would show more enthusiasm....she just lays here!" But, he didn't speak up to encourage enthusiasm. So they both felt a bit unsatisfied. And continued the usual "sex-thing", that they both knew so well.

After a few minutes of attention to her breasts, Ron moved his hands down toward her pussy. He helped her slide her pink panties down her legs. Ron rubbed her pussy for a bit....noticing that she didn't get as wet as she used to get, a few years ago. His fingers slid into her pussy and moved up and down, eliciting some response from her; but not as much as he had hoped for. His pussy stroking warmed her; but didn't make her hot!

After a few minutes of rubbing her "down there", and after he had worked up his usual erection, he mounted her in the missionary position. She gasped slightly as his penis entered her. They began to rock together slowly, Carol wrapped her legs around the back of Ron's legs. She pulled him tighter into her crevice, secretly wishing he was bigger, but his almost 7 inches would suffice.

Ron began to pump his wife's love-canal faster, and deeper now. She began to pinch his nipples; she knew he always liked that! She moved her hips up to meet his thrusts, not with wild abandon, but with a need to get excited. Her excitement was building slowly. It was a pleasant feeling inside her pussy; she liked the feeling, but, of course, never really "let loose" with her needs.

After a few minutes (maybe 3 or 4) and as she felt his dick begin to pulsate....she knew he was close...Ron shot his load of cum into her gyrating love-box.... 3 or 4 spurts and he was done. She didn't cum (Again!!)...but she had a nice throbbing feeling in her center. Carol had learned to be content with that.

Ron looked down at her face and said quietly, " I love you, Carol. You feel so good when we make love." Carol told her husband, " I love you too...I love to feel you cum inside me." With that, he slid his wilting cock out of her now very wet pussy, and layed on his back beside her.

After a few minutes to catch their breath and calm a bit; they both began to quietly talk about the plans each had for the next day...Saturday. Ron was going to play golf with 3 of his friends; while Carol was going to get various household chores done that she had been putting off. They would barbeque some hamburgers when it was dinner-time. That was their plan, as she turned onto her side to go to sleep. Ron spooned up against her back....and they both quietly drifted off to sleep. Neither one realizing that their lives were about to change....DRAMATICALLY!

. . . . . . . . . . . . 

Saturday

Joe Almonti and Ron Larson had been good friends ever since they were teamates on the wrestling team in high school. Both had served as groomsmen in each other's weddings. Today they were playing golf in the same foursome with Martin and Henry; two friends from the golf club they were playing on. As Martin's last putt of the day on the 18th hole dropped into the cup; the four friends headed to the clubhouse. More specifically, "The Last Green"....the bar/restaurant inside the clubhouse, where they would cool off and talk golf while they downed a few beers.

After only one beer, Henry stood and announced he had many "honey-do's" waiting for him at home; and shook hands with his buddies and left. One more beer later, Martin pretty much announced the same thing that Henry had said, his wife had several chores for him to get done that afternoon, so he said , "So Long" to Joe and Ron and left for home.

This meant Joe had Ron all alone; and that was fortunate, since he had alot to talk over with his long-time friend. Joe had been planning this talk for days. Joe glanced at his wristwatch and figured his wife, Dee, had now been at the Larson home for about a half an hour.....working on Carol as he was about to do with Ron.

After a good healthy pull on his 2nd beer, Joe looked at Ron and said, " Buddy I have something really, really important to discuss with you." He had Ron turn so that they both could talk privately, with their backs to the rest of the nearby tables.

" Ron, you know that Dee and I have known you and Carol since our days in high school....we value and cherish your friendship....and only have the best feelings for you two." "Yeah, I know that," Ron answered; adding " Whats going on that this is so hush-hush serious....is everything okay between you and Dee?"

Joe chuckled at the question. "Ron, haven't you noticed just how well Dee and I have been getting along the past 3 years or so.....we are as happy together as two love-struck teens....which is the way we started out back in high school." Ron nodded in agreement, and admitted he and Carol had both noticed how loving and close the Almonti's seemed lately.

Joe then explained at some length how about 3 years ago his marriage with Dee was almost over...he added..."It was mostly over our rotten sex-life....we hardly did it more than twice a month...and then when we did have sex, it just didn't seem all that great." Ron was intrigued; first because he remembered the state of Joe's marriage at the time, and second, it sounded alot like his marriage now....with Carol. Ron realized that he and Carol had some sex problems in their relationship; and realized that Joe just might be able to help.

So he asked Joe, "What changed??....what did you guys do that has turned everything around for you two??"..."if you don't mind me asking?"...Joe was just waiting for Ron to ask...the plan was set...here goes, he thought...

"We joined "The Group!", Joe remarked. "What group?" asked Ron. With that question, Joe went on for several minutes; explaining to Ron that the group he and Dee were members of, met once a month for sex parties....every month one Saturday night and Sunday morning devoted to sex with other married couples. Spouses were not allowed to have sex with each other at the party.

Ron was speechless...to say the least!! " YOU TWO DO WHAT??" he almost shouted....a few other golfers turned toward Joe and Ron, then resumed their own discussions. "Calm down, and let me explain it to you," Joe pleaded. He went on to tell how the group was carefully and purposefully chosen because they were all...all 8 couples considered to be just your average consenting adults...average in looks and physical "endowments, solid working members of the community. Each couple had to be specially invited and "tested" before joining the group.

These were people you might notice in the grocery store, at a restaurant, or at a shopping mall....married couples who loved each other....and shared their spouse sexually with others once a month at some members' home. "Ron, do you remember the old girls' rating scale we used to rate chicks at the high school....1 thru 10??" Joe asked. "Sure, I remember." sputtered Ron, scarcely able to breathe, he was so dumb-struck with Joe's revelation. " The women...and for that matter the men, I suppose, would rate about a 7 on that scale...none of us are beautiful, handsome...movie-star types; the women all have average sized tits...and the men all have pretty much average sized dicks." Joe explained.

"Now, here's the thing, Ron....our group is one couple short as one of our happiest couples had to move to Rhode Island 3 weeks ago....so.....its our (Dee and Joe's) turn to sponsor a new replacement couple." Joe then looked Ron dead in the eye....stared for perhaps 10 seconds....and then stated..."Dee and I thought maybe you and Carol might like to join our group!!"

Ron sat there ....astonished!!....took 3...then 4 gulps of his beer!! "You and Dee thought WHAT!!??" Ron was stupified...but then began to calm as Joe further explained..."Each and every couple in our group was experiencing sex problems in their marriages....but EVERY couple began to see definite improvement after joining us...The Group really does bring couples closer together....and the results are evident." Joe explained.

Ron went on to admit to Joe that the sex with Carol had lately been pretty lame....he didn't know if it was mostly his fault, or hers....but it was a problem between them. Joe admitted thathe and his wife had noticed little "messages" and signals from Ron and Carol over the last few months....signals of problems.

Joe asked Ron to consider joining "THE GROUP" with Carol; and then dropped the bombshell...."Ron, while I have been talking to you about this invitation to join our group....Dee has been over at your house doing the same thing with Carol." By now, Carol knows about us being members of the Group, and our wish to sponsor you and Carol to join. She should be just about finished by now, and getting set to return home.

Now, Ron was not only speechless, stupified and shocked...now he was mortified!! "REALLY??" he spluttered. "Dee has been talking to Carol, telling her about the group just like you have told me??...Oh My God!!" "EXACTLY," grinned Joe.

"All we want you and Carol to do is,... talk it over ...discuss the solution to your current problems....and get back to me with a decision by tomorrow night. We are both telling you..."The Group" can and will improve your marriage...and you and Carol will...I bet...be just as happy as Dee and I are. It worked wonders for us, and the Group can work wonders for the Larsons."

. . . . . . . . . 

After Carol recovered, somewhat, to what Dee had just told her about the Group she and Joe were into, She began to stammer some questions..."Do we know any of these people in the group?? What EXACTLY do people do?? What do the participants wear?? and Dee...what about CHEATING?? You actually allow Joe to have sex with other women?? HOW COULD YOU???"

Dee urged Carol to calm down..."Honey...not only do I allow Joe to have sex with other women...I WATCH him sometimes....sometimes I tell his partners' what he likes or doesn't like. Carol , I ENCOURAGE him to have sex with these women...and he urges me to have sex with the other men!!".....it has all worked out....and it has saved our marriage. We have fun...there is no guilt...all the couples are not only lovers, but true friends....we HELP each other have better marriages. 

Carol, this is a fundamental aspect of our group....if your spouse is out screwing his secretary...or she is banging the deliveryman...THAT is cheating!!...and its very detrimental to a married relationship. When the love of your life, is having sex in the same house, that you are in...with people you know, like and trust....with full knowledge....Carol...that is NOT cheating.....it is love...pure and simple!!" Dee continued, " Besides...its kinda hard to castigate your husband for fucking some other woman....when you are being fucked at the same time...maybe by that womans' husband, and in the same room...sometimes!!" That would be the height of hypocrisy.

Carol just shook her head in bewilderment...she had known Dee and Joe since high school....they had kept all of this "Group" stuff so secret...she had NO IDEA!! But, she did grudgingly admit to Dee that she had noticed how loving and happy the Almonti's seemed to be. She wished her and Ron were happy and loving like they were. She truly wanted that, in her heart.

Dee then said, "I really need to get going home...Joe will be home soon...We both want you and Ron to discuss this...talk about what you two want...what you have now....and get back to us with a decision....the Group needs an answer soon...we don't like being one couple short. Think about it, Okay?? If you guys have any questions...call us!! We will be glad to answer all your questions." Carol agreed to talk to Ron about it, since Dee explained that Joe had been going over this with Ron at the golf club. Carol was nervous and apprehensive; waiting for her husband to return home. She wondered how he felt...was he as shocked as she was?? What would he say...how did he feel about having sex with other women...How would he react to her having sex with other men??..They had never really discussed a topic like this; afterall, they loved each other....didn't they??

All afternoon and thru dinner, Carol and Ron talked. They talked about their marriage...their lives together....their hopes, and dreams. They also talked about their sex life together...and how it had slackened and become less than it had been years ago. They talked about cheating....and sharing each other with strangers, with full awareness of what the other partner was doing. They really talked...in depth.....and just like Dee had told Carol...."This kind of arrangement can only work...if both people communicate...and realize the difference between cheating...and sharing." Ron and Carol talked until late. In a way, they both sensed some excitement, inside the feelings of doubt and uncertainty.

Later that night, in their bedroom...Carol and Ron made passionate, sweaty, exhausting love. Sex like they hadn't done in years. He was more agressive and insistent; Carol was much more turned-on and active.....Ron spent much more time with foreplay...loving and suckling her breasts...bringing her nipples to a taut stiffness she hadn't felt in a long time. His mouth making her nipples tingle and send little electric jolts straight to her clitoris.

His cock leaked pre-cum for several minutes as his tongue slowly and without hurry slithered the length and depth of her gushing pussy. His oral skills, which had been hidden from their sex for months, now came forth...He licked and sucked, finding Carols' clit he pulled on it with his lips, nipping ever so gently with his teeth on the tender bud of love. She mewled and groaned in ecstasy, at the slowly growing "little cock" she had throbbing at the top of her slippery, moist love-hole.

When she arched her hips, and whispered, "Oh....oh thats good!!" (Thats what she had always done when she had climaxed before).....just said, "Oh...thats good." in a soft voice....Ron had always liked hearing her cum like that. For Carol....this would be considered "wild sex"....she was hot and very satisfied...she had climaxed...and she had NOT done that in months.

Then Ron got on top of his wife.....spent a minute or two rubbing the tip of his cock along her wet, steaming slit....and then pushed his stiff dick into her gaping pussy. He worked his turgid rod in and out of her moving snatch for a few minutes...his cock had not felt this good in months....feeling his balls begin to churn.....feeling the hot walls of her love-box clutching his driving prick.

Carol moaned with pleasure as he built to his dick-gushing finish...Carol writhed as she felt him cum deep inside her sex. Ron exclaimed, "Holy Shit....I'm cummmming!!"...and he gushed his man-seed into his wife. He continued to pump his cock for a few minutes....pushing the last drops of his scalding fluid into her hot, wet pussy......both were happy...and exhausted!!

Before they drifted off to sleep, holding each other close, kissing each other deeply and lovingly...they both realized why their love-making had been so much better tonight. It was the talk..... and invitation to join the Group that Joe and Dee were in. The mere thought of considering that they might join, had jolted them out of their "rut."

They could neither one deny that the prospect of having sex with other people was exciting to each of them. They were both a bit embarrassed to admit it to the other; BUT....there it was!! They both seperately considered the idea of cheating and sharing being different, and acceptable. They slept soundly, both having sex-dreams involving faceless, nameless strangers; these new people were smiling...they seemed so nice.....The Larsons slept close that night, holding each other....occasionally fondling and gently caressing their partner....not in a sexual way....but in a comfortable, soothing touching of two people in love. Their lives and their marriage was about to change.

The next morning during breakfast in the kitchen at the Larsons, Carol and Ron continued with the discussion about possibly joining "The Group" that Joe and Dee were involved with. They had many questions,,,,How does the group thing work?? What would they have to do to be admitted as members by the group?? Do they all just meet and get naked?...and many others...

They decided to call Dee and see if the Almonti's could come over to the house to talk. Joe answered the phone, asked Carol how the conversation was going...and then heartily agreed to come over with Dee at 10 o'clock. 

When Joe and Dee arrived at Carol and Rons' house they all sat around the dining room table..coffee and toast were served, and they began a long talk. Joe indicated that if the Larsons wanted to join the group, the 1st step was to attend a "test party."

A test party was a smaller get-together consisting of 4 couples from the Group. Joe and Dee would host it at their home with 2 other member couples present along with Carol and Ron. Carol wanted to know what to wear. Dee explained that the men wore underwear...boxers or briefs were fine. The women wore either a teddy, or corset with garter and panties, or a sheer "babydoll" outfit with matching panties. 

Ron noticed that his cock lurched a bit in his trousers when thinking about what the women would be wearing; he hoped neither one of the gals would notice his growing bulge. Things got rather serious when Carol asked about how they would fit in...from a purely physical standpoint. " Look," she offered..."I am not gorgeous or even particularly sexy." Dee smiled reassuringly, "None of the women in the group is gorgeous...thats what we have been trying to explain....all of us...the men and the women are AVERAGE." Joe added..." okay maybe the gals arent 5's...but there is nobody above a 7." referring to the boys old "rating scale."
