 Authors' Note: This is the final chapter in my series about "the Group"; I hope you have enjoyed my 1st effort at a series. Please read the 1st chapter,before continuing, since it gives background into the characters of this story. Also, please give me some feedback; I value and appreciate comments....not just votes. I seek both good and bad comments. Thanks for reading my stories....mntnman64

. . . . . . . . 

Ron was kneeling between Carol's legs, as she leaned back into his cock while she was on her hands and knees. The bed creaked as his steady rhythm sawed his engorged cock in and out of her drenched pussy. His prick was bathed in her hot cunt juices. A steady trickle of her hot secretions were streaming down the inside of her thighs.

They had been fucking for well over an hour, this second night at home following their first full get-together with "the Group", the previous weekend. The previous night they were both still "all fuckered-out" from the all out fuckfest which took all night Saturday; and into the middle of Sunday.

Tonite, they had both felt the need to get to bed early and "play"....fresh memories still in their heads from the many pleasure-packed hours spent fucking and sucking at Ian and Fay's house. Their love-making had been exuberant and uninhibited for 2 hours; as they both neared orgasm... again. Ron's missile set a comfortable, and yet heated, friction inside her sex.

As he leaned over Carol's back, he began to pinch and twist her throbbing nubbins,which were erotically swinging from her chest. She whimpered her approval to his touch. Both began to rock together a bit faster. His prick was drawing more pulsing pleasure from her sopping canal.

"I want us to cum...together" Ron whispered in Carol's ear. She only moaned in response; rocking her ass back into his driving member. She moved her head from side to side, absorbing the raw pleasure for as long as she could; she groaned into the still air her wanton lust. Ron leaned up straight, now, grabbing her hips and pounding his leaking dick deeper into her cunt. Carol felt her climax approaching as she met each stroke with one of her own.

It took only a couple of more minutes for them both to find the edge of their release; both driving toward climax with heated pumping. As Ron reached forward again, to pinch her nipples more cruelly, Caron arched her back...she had gone over the edge.." OH MY GAWWWD" she cried..."I'm Cummminggg!! Fuck me!! FUCK ME HARD!!" she cried out in an animal-like growl. With that, Ron's cock released its payload...spurt after scalding spurt of his baby-batter splashed inside her clutching walls of love.

She felt him cum deep inside her womb. Carol shook her ass in delight, milking his cock of every drop of his man-juice. He drove his pulsing prick as deep into her wet hot pussy as he had ever been; prolonging her climax. She moaned in erotic ecstasy. After holding his cock still, and revelling in her cunt muscles that milked his member dry; his prick began to shrink and finally plopped out of her wet hot snatch.

As Carol fell on her belly to the bed, supremely satisfied; Ron fell to her side. Then he pulled her onto her side with her ass facing his front; and drew her close into a spooning position. His hand gently caressed her left breast as they both came down slowly. He tenderly said, "I love you, baby." Carol whispered over her shoulder to him, " I love you too, darling...I have never felt closer to you than I do right now."

After several minutes of loving and cuddling, and just before Ron was about to drift off to sleep; Carol spoke up a bit and asked him.."Did I tell you what I saw Dee doing Sunday morning at the group??" "No you didn't" came his answer. "What did she do??"

Carol tried to sound calm when she said, " She was out on the deck with Steve; she was on all fours, and he was fucking her in the ass!!" Ron's response was the same one Ian had said when she stumbled into him that morning; Ron said, "So??"

Carol was a bit shocked..."I didn't know that these people were fucking each other in the ass...did you??" She continued, "You know I have never liked that kind of sex!! I was just surprised, is all...are they going to expect me to have anal sometime??...I don't think I want to."

Ron saw the dilemma he was in; and calmly answered his wife..." I know how you feel about anal sex; afterall, I have asked you for it a couple of times...a long time ago..and I know you don't like it....BUT..to answer your question..YES I knew people were having anal sex in the group...as a matter of fact...I fucked Nora in the ass on Saturday night!!"

Carol immediately sat up in bed and turned with total shock on her face, facing down to Ron she sputtered.."You fucked Nora's ass???" Carol was totally surprised by her husband's announcement; but also knew that he had wanted to try anal for a long time. " Oh Honey...tell me about it..Pleeeze"

Ron calmly looked up at his wife and began his story.."Well...it was when I went to one of the bedrooms with Lydia and Nora. It just kinda came up as a suggestion, while the three of us were playing. I told them I had always wanted to try anal; but never had. They really got giggly, and Nora said I could lose my "cherry" with her...right then. So....Lydia said she would help; went and got some lube...and within a few minutes of coaching and getting into position...I was fucking Nora in the ass while rocking behind her....just like we were just doing, only....a different hole."

Carol then asked him, "how was it??" "It was GREAT actually...just the mental part of knowing I was pumping my dick in a woman's ass...and the feel was...ummm...ummmm..tighter. I shot a huge load into her hot bowels after just a couple of minutes....THEN...to make matters even better...Lydia sucked my cock clean after I was done..WOW"

"Oh My God!! exclaimed Carol.

" Do you think you would like to try anal at the meeting next month?" he asked his confused and turned-on wife. "I don't know," she responded..." but I AM going to talk to Dee about it tomorrow when we have lunch together....I want to see what she has to say."

With that , Carol laid back down; sliding her ass back against Ron's half-mast cock; and they both drifted off to sleep. Carol wondering where all this was headed; Ron smiled to himself, and thought...with an impish smile on his lips.."hmmmm"

The next day, Carol and Dee met for lunch; at the same restaurant they had been meeting at periodically since their high school days together. After ordering their lunch from a cute waiter named Armando, they settled in to chat.

Carol began the conversation by telling Dee what a great time she and Ron had had at the Group party the previous weekend. Dee told her that she had been meaning to call on the phone and ask; but, she just hadn't found the time to do so.

"So...what did you think?" Dee whispered, so nearby diners didn't hear. " I want to tell you something, my friend....something you may find hard to believe, said Carol. I saw you and Steve out on the deck Sunday morning...He was fucking you in the ass... and before you say it; I know what you are going to say!!" Dee looked at her with astonishment....and then a questioning look and replied.."So??"

"See..I told you! I knew what you were going to say...the same damned thing two others have said to me already," as she giggled awkwardly at Dee. "So....what's the big deal?" Dee asked ....and then it slowly dawned on her....."wait just a minute...you didn't know that almost all of us in "the Group" do anal?? ...Carol, after all these years that we have been friends...you are telling me that YOU haven't taken a dick up your ass??"

" Thats exactly what I'm telling you!!" Carol admitted. She went on to explain to her surprised friend that Ron had asked her to do it, a couple of years back; but, somehow she didn't like the idea...she had heard it was very painful....and could be injurious, in fact.

Dee leaned over close to her buddy and said.." I had NO IDEA...I thought you took cock up the ass...just like all the other girls in the Group; ... well all but one. Wanna guess who else does NOT do anal??" Carol thought pensively for a moment.."I don't know...is it Lisa?" 

"Nope," quipped Dee.... "its Fay...she won't do it thru the backdoor!" I think its because anal sex wasn't as accepted as it is today; back when she was younger."

Carol was somewhat surprised at this revelation. The friends talked a bit more about it as their food arrived, delivered by a smiling Armando..."Anything else I can bring to you ladies?" he asked. "No thanks; we are good now," Dee responded. After the waiter left, Dee asked Carol, "Well babe...what does all this mean...what are you going to do??....want to expand your sexual horizons at the party next month??"

Carol hesitated, she wasn't sure...but then on the other hand; she didn't want to be out of step with the Group. Finally she said, " I'll think about it." Dee told her that if she should decide to try anal sex, the man to take her "ass-hole cherry" was Steve. Carol wondered aloud, "Why Steve."

"Because...Steve has the thinnest cock....a definite advantage when taking a prick up the ass for the first time!!" Dee slyly answered. " Besides...he is the hmmm....what should I say....He was the "designated cherry-taker" for 3 women in the Group....when it comes to ass sex."

"If you do decide to try it; I would suggest a three-some between you, me and Steve...I could be there to coach you....are you interested now??" Carol smiled at her grinning friend..."I might be...let me think about it some more. I will let you know at the party next month."

While driving back to work for the afternoon at the insurance agency; Carol did some soul searching. True, she thought, she had come a long way in her thinking about sex since she had joined the Group. Her attitude and more specifically her own behavior within the Group had changed greatly from the woman, and wife, she was 3 months ago. She also acknowledged in her own mind that she and Ron had never been more in love; or felt closer to each other...mainly due to their new-found sexual liberation in the Group.

She supposed that crossing her own self-imposed barrier about anal sex was the next step in her "awakening." She determined that in the next couple of weeks, she would read up on anal sex on the internet; and maybe talk to a couple of the other women in the Group, to find out more.

That night, as she and Ron made love, she gently told him that he could "play around" with her anus...BUT...only with his finger....she was not ready to try a hard cock in her ass....not yet anyway. Ron was a bit surprised...and did in fact... finger her butthole...using alot of lube. He gently pried open her forbidden sphincter, with one finger; and was alert to her every reaction. 

Carol really didn't like the digital intrusion past the tight ring that guarded her ass; but, she tolerated the uncomfortable pressure. She considered it part of her search, to see if she would let Steve take her virgin ass at the next party. When Ron was done fingering her anus, he fucked his wife to a mind-shattering climax. In the "traditional" hole....that is.

Tonight, their love making was gentle, sensuous, and tender. After they had both climaxed, they held each other and kissed lovingly for several minutes. Soft caresses and quiet whispers sent them to a deep sleep. As he drifted off to sleep, he smiled; hoping that these small steps would lead to him being able to have all the ass-sex he wanted with his wife in the future. He wondered........

A week later, after some reading on the internet, Carol found herself shopping in one of the adult toy stores in town....one in the better part of town. After looking at various types and sizes of butt-plugs; she bought the smallest size they sold. It was black, with a rounded tip; its thick middle bulged to about two inches across, and had a flat back end to hold it from sinking all the way inside. As a "goof"...she also spotted a pair of metal nipple clips; which were designed to clip onto a woman's nipples. She thought...maybe those could be fun. She smiled to herself as she left the store....."My...won't Ron be surprised tonight," she said out loud, and giggled to herself.

That night after she and Ron had fucked themselves to a hard, wet, strong cum; she reached down beside the bed and pulled out the butt-plug and the nipple clips. The surprised look of wonder was evident on his face. "What the hell!!" he exclaimed. She had her husband attach the nipclips onto her erect, throbbing nipples; and giggled at their cold, somewhat painful bite. They gripped her hard pebbled nubs harshly. Ron's grin was from ear to ear. 

Then she told Ron to use a copious amount of lube; and got on her hands and knees. "Please be gentle with me," she cooed. "Lets see if I can take this black monster where the Sun don't shine." On her face she was smiling......inside she was full of dread. "How am I going to take that huge thing in my ass," she wondered....but then she thought of those much larger sizes she had passed up at the store. She assumed women...well some women...could handle those...Surely she could take this one.

Ron followed her insistant instructions; slowly...painfully slowly guiding the plug into her ass. At first her sphincter resisted; but eventually gave way to the slick rubbery bulge as it slid into her hot cavern. Carol chewed into her pillow, holding quiet her scream of pain at the intrusion. When it was in all the way, she stayed very still;...allowing her body time to get used to the fullness that now gripped her ass and abdomen.

Gradually...after a few minutes...her pain turned into just a gentle...FULL feeling. It wasn't so bad!! Carol had the plug in her ass for about ten minutes. Rocking her hips slightly; she had Ron turn it a couple of times. No Problem!! Then Ron extricated it from her clinching asshole....slowly...it popped free. Both of them grinned at each other!!

Ron looked at Carol and said, "I think Steve is gonna get another "cherry" at the next party!!" Carol pouted, "Are you jealous??" Ron smirked, "Hell YES....but I want a man who knows exactly what he is doing to break your ass in. If all goes well.....I will get all the ass you have to give; down the road in the future."

Carol smiled at her beloved husband...."Lets hope all goes well." They both slept peacefully that night.

The next couple of weeks dragged by slowly. The Larson's were anxious for the next party of "the Group." It was going to be held at Joe and Dee's house; a house they were very familiar with. The week before the party, Carol bought a new teal trimmed in black corset. She also purchased a new red "babydoll" outfit. She was fitting into her new lifestyle very well. Saturday was coming soon; she wanted to be ready......ready for anything!!

. . . . . . . . .

Saturday....June 17th

As Ron and Carol pulled up to park in front of Joe and Dee's house; Ron glanced at the outside temperature reading on his dashboard. It read a "balmy" 108 degrees; just about average for this time of year in the Valley of the Sun. "I hope Joe turned his temp setting to about 83 degress in the hot-tub," He remarked to his jittery wife. Scottsdale residents knew better than to have their hot-tub settings on "hot" when it reached over 100 during the summer months.

When they entered the front door, and were warmly greeted by Dee, they noted that 4 couples were already there. Hugs and kisses were exchanged as they all waited for the rest of "the Group" to arrive. Everyone chatted casually about what had been going on in their lives since the May meeting.

By 4 p.m. all 8 couples gathered in the large living room for the usual "business meeting"....deciding where the next month's meeting would be, and the date. With nothing much else to discuss; the meeting was short, and they all went to their respective bedrooms to dress in their "party uniforms."

All of the women had bought new outfits. Carol couldn't wait to slip on her new teal and black trimmed corset. After some help from Patty, she was laced up tight; this bulged out her b-cup breasts to good advantage; and made her feel sexy.

Ron came out of the men's changing room wearing a pair of maroon boxer shorts, which he had bought himself only two days before. After just a few minutes with everyone milling around the snack and drinks counter in the dining room; people began pairing off.

When Joe leaned in close to Carol's neck and whispered with a pretended serious look on his face; "wanna go play with me in the den?" She smiled seductively at her husband's old high school team-mate and as demurely as she could she said, "I would love to play with you.....Stud!!"

By the time they got to the den, they found Grant and Patty already at one end of the large leather sofa; they were feeling each other up as they kissed passionately. Joe sat at the other end and pulled Carol down onto his lap. She felt his rising manhood immediately; and they began a hot tongue-dance while kissing deeply.

Joe broke the kiss after a few minutes to begin kissing, licking and sucking the top of Carol's jiggling round chest-mounds. While he gave his full attention to her tits; she slipped next to him (keeping her breasts near his mouth) and began fondling his now engorged cock; reaching thru the slit in his boxers. Her hands stroked his dick slowly. Joe's cock,she assessed, while slowly running her fingers along his veined shaft, was about the same length as her husband's cock; but Joe's was noticeably thicker.

Soon they heard Patty sucking Grant's stiff prick as she knealt between his legs...Grant was groaning softly his pleasure. At 23, Patty was the youngest person in "the Group." This may have been one reason that she was also one of the most enthusiastic, sexually ravenous members of the group when it came to giving blow-jobs. She was a sexual dynamo, and the men all loved her skill.

Without speaking a word; but more with their arms and hands nudging each other; Carol and Joe slid off the couch onto the floor, where they got into a 69 position with Joe assuming the bottom position.

He pulled her black g-string thong down her already moist quivering thighs...down her calves and past her black stiletto shoes. At the same time he lifted his hips so Carol could work his boxers off. Then they both began to lick and suck each other.

Joe worked his tongue on her outer pussy lips for several minutes; making her cunt sopping wet with her creamy lubricating fluid. Her close-cropped "landing-strip" rubbed and tickled Joe's nose and tongue. It felt like rough sandpaper, since she cut the hair to only about a quarter of an inch there.

He used both slow and quick tongue motions to bring her love-tunnel to a quivering, clutching cave full of pulsing need. Carol moaned and groaned with hedonistic delight. His lips began to nip and suck at her inner folds, driving his lusting partner to new sensations of pulsing pleasure.

She, meanwhile, slathered her saliva all over, around, and along his rigid shaft. She then took all of his 7 inch prick to the top of her clutching, sucking throat. Joe's thick cock was engulfed by her wet mouth; bathing in the hot spit which lubed his steel rod as he penetrated her oral cavity. Her tongue worked its gentle magic along his shaft. He groaned his pleasure into her cunt...deep sounds lost in her tunnel of lust. He also loved the way her shoulder length blond hair fell in front, and to the sides of her face; tickling his erogenous areas at the vortex of his legs, and his lower abdomen.

Joe began nipping, lightly at first, then with more firmness at her slick sex-bud. His teeth and lips drawing that female nub from its sheath. Carol moaned in delight and began to rock her hips...pulling her straining clit not only over his tongue, but also his nose. Her engorged clitoris screamed at her to cumm; it craved its magical release. She began to press her sex harder into him as she ravenously sucked his dick; milking his cock with her mouth, lips and throat muscles.
