 Tina and I had lived together for about 90 days -- 90 very intense days. We made love every night at least three times, sometimes more. She never once would even consider anything other than the missionary position or foreplay. She always said she was just 'an old fashioned girl.' From the time we cuddled at night in bed she was wet and willing for me to poke my cock into her pussy. I'm not sure how I stumbled across the idea but I could sustain an erection for hours and multiple ejaculations just by running my tongue across her mouth lips while my cock was deep in her pussy. That little trick never worked before or after my time with Tina. Also, during this time I lost about 15 pounds of weight. My buddies commented that I was screwing myself into an early grave -- what a way to go.

After about ninety days, Tina asked me to move out because she didn't want to be hauled into court in my divorce hearing. Okay by me, I was curious about some of the other benefits of being a divorcee. I figured Tina and I were finished so I got a chance to try some of the loose women of the area. I rented an apartment and set about to explore the field of single women. Admittedly, I'm not much of a catch but I didn't have any trouble finding bed partners. Singles clubs were an excellent resource for me. The sexual attitudes of the time were also in my favor.

One day, out of the blue, Tina called and wanted to get together. She would come to my apartment and she wanted to bring Dee, a divorced mother of five and a co-worker. I figured what the hell, come on over. I told her I didn't have any booze in the apartment and if she wanted something to drink, be sure to stop at a liquor store and pick up a jug.

They arrived about 9pm with a bottle of scotch. I had taken the mattress out of my hideaway bed and threw it in the middle of the floor. When they tapped on the door I was sitting in the middle of the floor on the mattress wearing nothing but a light bathrobe.

Tina was wearing a light sun dress and I guessed nothing more. Dee was wearing a two piece skirt and blouse. I invited them to sit. I poured each of us a stiff shot of scotch and I pulled off my bathrobe. Tina reacted quickly and slipped her sun dress over her head. I always thought that Tina had lovely 'D' boobs but had never had a chance to taste them since she was such 'an old fashioned girl.' I figured tonight was the night to bring her into the modern world. Dee just sat and watched as we started kissing. After some serious 'tongue wrestling' I moved down to kiss on her breasts. She didn't seriously object and I took this as an invitation to move to the next step.

I kissed my way down to her belly button and stuck my tongue in it. Still no serious objection. I kissed on down to her inner thighs and lightly brushed my lips and nose across her mound as I moved back and forth between thighs. Still no serious objections. In fact, I heard her breathing get heavier and faster. I ran my tongue up and down her slit a time or two and then without warning stuck my tongue deep into her pussy and sucked on her clit. She was flooding my face with pussy juices.

All this while, Dee was just sitting and watching the action. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Dee unbutton and remove her blouse. She had a couple pretty nice looking 'D's herself. I motioned for her to get closer so I could give some attention to those lovely casabas. I reached over and grabbed a handful of titty and never missed a lick with Tina. (Pun)

Dee's breasts were nice and large and her nipples looked like they had been well used; five kids, no wonder. I was stroking her breasts and decided to reach for her pussy. It was just out of reach. She knew what I was trying to do and moved so I could reach her crotch with ease. That put her mouth very near my cock. She couldn't pass that up and teased my cock with her tongue. This gal is good. I slipped my finger into her cunt and started wiggling. I found her clit and worked it between my index finger and thumb. She wiggled her ass and took my whole cock into her mouth. 

Meanwhile, Tina was just laying there apparently enjoying having her pussy eaten out. She was gushing so much I thought I was going to drown in her juices. She started to spasm and I knew an orgasm was about to explode. Dee felt her body jerk and sucked harder on my cock. I increased my activity on Dee's clit and I could feel myself about to cum. It all seemed to happen at once -- Tina orgasmed, Dee orgasmed, and I blew a load deep into Dee's throat which she swallowed immediately.

After the three of us had had a mind-boggling orgasm, Tina looked down to see what Dee was doing. Dee was still sucking wildly on my cock. Tina said, "Dee, what the hell are you doing?" Dee said, "What does it look like I'm doing?" "It looks like you have your mouth on his cock," her voice rising in volume with each word.

Dee asked Tina what she was doing. Tina replied, "What does it look like I'm doing?" "It looks like you're fucking his face." Dee's volume also increased as she spoke. They were both close to yelling back and forth. I tried to get them to hold down the noise but I might as well have talked to the picture on the wall.

About this time all sexual activity came to a screeching halt. Tina stood up and started screaming at Dee, "YOU COCK SUCKING BITCH." Dee screamed back, "YOU FACE FUCKER!!!" I stood up and tried to get between the two women and get the screaming to stop, "This is an apartment with very thin walls, HOLD THE NOISE DOWN!!!" So much for my comments, the shouting continued.

Tina grabbed her sun dress slipping it over her head while she headed toward the door. Tina was the first one out the door, still screaming, "COCK SUCKER!" Dee realized the party was over and grabbed her clothes. She tried to put them on while moving toward the door. She had grabbed her skirt and was trying to step into it. . Dee had her skirt pulled up to her knees with one hand. With the other she held her blouse over her breasts. Tina reached the stairs first and started down. Dee was still struggling with her skirt so was having trouble with the stairs. Both women were still screaming, "COCKSUCKER!" "FACE FUCKER!" Tina got to the stair bottom and made a dash for her car. Dee was still trying to negotiate the stairs.

Tina reached her car, jumped in, started the engine and fishtailed in the direction opposite to which she had parked. The last I saw of her, she was fishtailing down the street. At the time, I thought it was a good idea that she had forgotten her bottle of scotch. If she had been pulled over she would have been arrested on a DUI.

When Dee realized that Tina, and her ride, were long gone, she slowly worked her way back to my apartment. She had managed to get her skirt up to her hips but her blouse was still a cover for her breasts. We sat on the floor just looking at each other without talking -- not much to talk about at this point. I did manage to put my bathrobe on.

After a short while, there came a tapping on my door. Oh shi....what now? I opened the door and there stood Mrs. Nakamura, my landlady. "Mrs. Nakamura, I am terribly sor.... My apology was silenced by Mrs. Nakamura placing two fingers on her lips to shush me. "Please to invite me in for talking." It was more of an order than a request. I stepped back to let her in, while thinking my ass was mud and I was about to be evicted for disturbing the peace.

Mrs. Nakamura began by asking us to call he Suki. She told us how her husband happened to be in Silicon Valley working as a high paid research scientist and she had come to this country as an arraigned bride. She was terribly distraught that her husband did not care to have sex with her and she felt she had dishonored her family. She told us he preferred to go to a Japanese men's club and practice Bukkake, where several men stand in a circle and masturbate onto a woman's face. It was obviously very stressful for Mrs. Nakamura, Suki, whose husband would rather spend the weekend in a Japanese men's club than at home with a very attractive, lonely, sexy wife

After she had finished her story, she turned to Dee and me and asked, "You will please to teach me cocksuker and face fucker." We were somewhat taken aback, to say the least. I was delighted that I wasn't asked to move out.

I looked at Dee and she looked at me. I said, "I'm game, how 'bout you?

Dee said, "I'm game too, let's begin. Suki, to be a good cocksuker, you should take your time and not hurry. Here, I will show you." Dee opened my robe and gingerly took hold of my cock. She explained the first step of running her tongue around the head of my dick. Suki watched intently and asked to try what had just been demonstrated. Suki very carefully and very slowly ran her tongue around the head of my cock. Next Dee showed her how to take the whole thing into her mouth and slowly slide up and down the shaft. Again, Suki wanted to try what she had been shown. Suki went a little deep and started to gag. Dee suggested she withdraw and get the next lesson. 

Dee said, "When you get his cock into the back of your throat, before you gag, swallow and push further on to his cock. Suki again wanted to try. On her second attempt she did great with no problem. Here I was getting deep throated and not doing anything but furnishing the meat. Dee suggested that Suki keep practicing which was certainly fine by me. Soon after a few tries, I felt an orgasm building and warned Dee. She told Suki to watch for signs of impending orgasm and be prepared to swallow what ever was ejected into her mouth. Suki wanted to keep practicing. Who am I to disagree with an idea like that. This time Suki did almost too good of a job and I told her I was about to cum. She kept sucking and I blew a wad straight into her throat. Dee told her to keep sucking to drain me dry. WOW! This gal learns fast.

After some practicing, Suki asked about face fucking. I told her I would demonstrate on Dee. I laid Dee on her back and spread her legs. I told Suki that a man usually begins by sucking on breasts and working his way down. I showed Suki what I meant. By the time I got to Dee's crotch she was really having a wonderful time with the lesson. Dee came and I had pussy juice all over my face. I explained to Suki that men generally face fuck a woman and that some times a woman will face fuck another woman. It all depends on a persons preferences. 

I then gave Suki a good face fucking so she would know what it was all about. I started by sucking on her breasts, then I worked my way down to her belly button, sticking my tongue in it. I moved on down to her pubic area kissing and licking. I held her pussy lips open with my fingers and tongued the rim of her pussy lips. Then I sucked on her clit and drove a finger into her cunt in search of her G spot. I felt her entire body spasm with a major orgasm. Then she went limp.

Dee and I gave Suki some tips on personal cleanliness: shaving legs, underarms and the pubic area, plus some suggestions on flavored douches and perfumes. All in all, I think we pretty well covered all aspects of female hygiene and sexual seduction. I also offered to coach Suki any time she felt she could use some help. After Suki went home, I fucked Dee; not a big deal but I always say there is no bad sex. Then drove her home.

I never again saw Tina or Dee after that episode. I saw Suki several times working in her flower beds but we never again talked except for a friendly smile and hello. I did notice that Mr. Nakamura's car was generally in the parking lot most weekends. That's a step in the right direction. I hope he enjoys Suki's new found education; with my complements.