 We didn't bother with a shower, just hopped onto the bed and I lay on my back and Janice knelt between my legs and started sucking my cock. Her tongue was everywhere, up and down the shaft, licking the knob even kissing and licking my balls. 

I was quick to harden, and just when I thought she was going to finally swallow my dick, she went low again, tickling and sucking on my balls.

"I think I'll return the favor," she said as she placed my legs up onto her shoulders. A moment later she was kissing my ass, and I knew she'd be rimming me shortly. 

"Oh, yes!" I groaned excitedly.

Her tongue hit dead center while jacking my cock, and when I urged her on she laughed, and then stuck her tongue up my ass.

I went through the roof. It had been years since I'd been rimmed. What's more, she continued tonguing my ass for a good five minutes while I writhed at her exquisite touches.

In fact, Janice kept me on the edge until I was ready to explode; and came to an abrupt halt to keep me at that point.

"How am I doing, Loverboy?" She hissed at me.

"Can't complain," I replied hesitantly.

"Can't complain? What the fuck?"

Of course that ended the rim job. She sat up to confront me. 

Years of experience with women had taught me how to react in this type situation. That's right. I had to throw myself at her feet and plead for mercy, or she would probably walk.

Intuitively knowing words would not suffice, I pulled her tight, mashing those magnificent mammaries against my chest and I kissed her. Yeah, I kissed her, sending my tongue into her mouth; the same mouth that had spent the last few minutes sucking out my shitter.

And let me tell you something: I recognized the taste of my shit instantaneously. I gave that some serious thought later that night. I'm pretty sure that everyone would have recognized it. If you've ever been around a baby - not a newborn - but one old enough to reach out to touch a shiny toy or the like. You'll know that once babies discover that the reason they're constantly being changed is the poop they produce, they become fascinated by it and eventually find a way under the diaper to feel and of course, sample this marvelous stuff they made that has everyone excited. A few months later, many babies discover finger painting. Ask almost any mother. Again, if they're spreading it around, they're also sampling it by sucking some off their tiny fingers. It's one of the first things other than mother's milk, or formula they get to taste and therefore have it embedded into their psyches. So it's little wonder one recognizes that taste as nasty, but all too familiar should one sample it as an adult.

At any rate, kissing Janice was a bold enough move on my part to earn her prompt forgiveness. We kissed for several minutes and then I urged her to resume her attentions to my dick, asking: "Why don't you lick my cock like an ice cream cone?"

To which Janice replied: "Why don't you play with my breasts, most men would, but aside from the tittie fuck you haven't paid them any attention at all."

So I went to work on them, fondling, caressing, kissing, sucking and biting them.

Janice showed her appreciating by tickling my asshole and balls. And then she rolled off the bed, went to a rather large bag she insisted was a purse and not a pocketbook, from which she produced a thin vibrator and something smaller she called her egg.

"How do you use the egg?" I asked, although I had a damn good idea already.

"I put it up my twat and use a small remote to accelerate or slow the vibrations. I use it while walking through the Mall, or whenever I feel the need for a quick thrill or two."

"Ever give the remote to a gentleman friend while out on a date?"

She smiled lewdly at me, but didn't reply otherwise. I left it there and she got back on the bed and applied the vibrator to her pussy while I resumed playing with her tits.

A few minutes later, she grunted and said: "Fuck me, why don't you?" She wanted to do it doggy style. That way, she could use the vibrator on her clit while I banged her from behind. 

No problemo. 

We went at it feveredly for the next few minutes. Janice's orgasm came first, and afterward she insisted on riding me with her back to me.

No problemo.

I love to see a lady's ass when I fuck her, and Janice had a great ass. She still had the vibrator and while she rode me really hard, she began to tease my asshole with the tip of the vibrator.

Now that was really wild! Still and all, I managed to hang on for a few more minutes. That is, until she added some saliva to the vibrator, and then worked it into my shitter.

It was just incredible. Somewhere in there, Janice had turned around and I have to say that I loved watching her tits bounce as I humped her like a maniac. At one point I thought that I'd throw her off of me. (I know, what was I thinking?) Well, I couldn't get her off; she knew exactly what she was doing.

At any rate, Janice began stabbing the vibrator into my ass and rubbing her clit like mad with her other hand. Did I mention that she also had this thing where her vaginal muscles kept clenching and releasing my dick inside her? Well, she did, and it was heavenly.

I have no idea how many times she came, but it was certainly more than the one time I did. Still and all, my explosion was one of the best I ever had. I was screaming her name and a few others as I began my ejaculation... which seemed to go on and on and on.

But all good things come to an end, and that was it for us that night.

I drove her back to her car and kissed her a few more times. We agreed to meet again three nights later for diner and some loving, and I went home and slept like a baby. ________________________________________

The following afternoon I was having a decaffeinated coffee with my buddy, Jiggs, whose nickname was derived while serving in Africa during his sojourn in the good old United States Marines. As Jiggs tells it, he was captured by a warlord who used his automatic weapon to make Jiggs dance by firing it repeatedly at his feet while Jiggs hopped about hoping to avoid being hit.

He was hit in the left ankle a split second before another marine took the warlord out from two hundred yards. The warlord's men offered token resistance to the dozen marines charging into their so-called compound after their leader fell dead. At any rate, Jiggs now walks with a limp and subsists on a small pension from the military and a percentage of the profit we make from selling the ganja.

Jiggs is about 5' 8" red headed, keeps his pate clean shaven, and has an enormously long dick, he claims is close to eleven inches. I've seen it and would beg to differ, but only by an inch or so. He's an old thirty-two, and he shaves his head. But he's in excellent condition, thanks to his simper fi attitude. 

I was telling him about my recent mother-daughter thing.

"You nailed them both?"

"Yeah, I did."

"They work as a team, or what?"

"No, nothing like that. The daughter's a waitress. I gave her a sample, you know? Next thing I knew we were at my place. One thing led to another and we were going at it, you know?" "Anyway, she gets into this accident and I visit her at the hospital, and her mother shows up. We talked; she wanted to know how an old fart like me came to know her daughter. I told her the truth... partly anyway, you know, like she's my favorite waitress. I don't know if she buys it or not, but we kept talking and I'm admiring her tits, which are to die for. Anyway, long story short, we have a couple drinks, take it over to my place and end of story. Well, except that the mother's actually better in the sack, you know?"

"Figures," Jiggs replies after a moment. "So what are you gonna do with the two of 'em?"

"I got a date with the mother later this week."

"And the daughter?"

"I'll figure that out when she out of the hospital. That is if there's anything to figure out. My guess is they'll figure it out before I come up with some bullshit that explains it away."

"Yeah, good luck with that." Jiggs gave me a pensive look, and said, "It's possible they'll want to keep you. I mean the both of them. Maybe see you on an every other day thing."

"Wear me the fuck out," I said.

"So?"

"I'll think about it. So, Jiggs, what do you hear from Norman?"

Norman being our biggest purchaser; and not a member of organized crime.

"He'll take the usual," Jiggs answered.

"Think he could handle more?" I asked.

"He could, but he won't. He has his customers, you know? He knows them. Any new customer is a risk. He sees it that way, so he's reluctant to take on any new ones. Maybe if he loses two, three of 'em he'll open up to more, but he knows what he's doing."

"Yeah, he's been doing it for what, fifteen or more years?"

"Never been busted either," Jiggs added.

"We could look for new customers," Jiggs offered. "Naw, Norman's got the right idea. Keep it close." "But you gave the daughter a sample," Jiggs teased. "Yeah, and got one from her."

"So you did. She got any friends?"

"She does. In fact, she paid me for what I gave her the next day. I didn't expect it, but she did."

"Who are her friends?"

"Damned if I know. That bothers me some, but I guess I can live with it so long as she doesn't bring them around."

"That'd be bad for us one way or the other," Jiggs said, nodding his head sagely.

"Probably," I agreed. "Probably," But an idea began to gnaw away at me and wouldn't go away. ________________________________________ "I can't wait to suck your cock," Janice said over desert a couple nights later.

"It's been on my mind too, Janice."

"I've got nice toys over my place," she whispered lewdly.

"Your place it is," I said.

During the course of dinner I had made it a point to inquire about Mona, Janice's daughter, and learned she was getting out of the hospital the following day.

"You can spend the night," Janice said, "But I have to pick Mona up at eleven and bring her home."

"How's she doing?"

"Better than expected," Janice replied. Her ribs aren't a bother now, and the fractured leg will be in a cast for another five weeks at the least."

"I'm glad she'll be coming home. I'm sure you'll take good care of her."

"Hopefully she'll be my little girl again and we won't argue over everything."

"You two don't see eye to eye?"

"Afraid not. I say up, she says down."

"Like that 'eh?"

"Exactly like that. It's time to get the check, Ned. Dinner was great, I'm sure the sex will be better."

________________________________________

Twenty minutes later Janice had my cock in her left hand and was supporting herself with her right hand. Dipping her head she began licking my dick from base to tip and was driving me wild.

Laughing, Janice lowered herself so that she could press my member against my stomach and renewed her licking and nipping, using long, slow licks that coated my dick with her saliva.

She looked up at me and said, "Is this okay?"

"Yeah," I croaked, "It's fantastic, baby!" That's what I said, but I really want her to start sucking my dick.

She changed tactics and began licking the tip like it was a lollipop. 

Groaning, I urged her to suck it, but she laughed again and kissed her way down my shaft and then absorbed the head in her mouth, swirling her tongue over and around it, creating one pleasurable sensation after another.

"Better, baby?"

"Oh, yeah!"

Ever so slowly, Janice backed her lips off me until only the very tip hung on her lower lip. 

Then with a suddenness that startled me, she barked, "Naugh!" and plunged her mouth down, impaling herself on my raging erection. 

I responded with a resounding, "Oh, Yeah!" as her head began to bob in my lap, picking up the tempo.

Forcing her face from my crotch, Janice turned to say, "Isn't this great fun?"

I replied by pulling her up by the arms so that we were both standing, my hardon sandwiched between us. 

To my surprise, Janice chose that moment to tell me her marital history.

"Ned I want you to know about me," she began.

Warning signs flashed behind my eyes.

"My first marriage didn't work out so well. After five years we separated. He was trying to get through college and not doing very well at it. He started drinking. We had two kids, Vinnie, five at the time, and Mona about six months. I went to live in my parent's basement after my dad converted it into a decent apartment.

"With my mother babysitting for me, I got a job. Feeling sorry for myself, and thinking my marriage was over, I had several affairs. The first..."

I interrupted her.

"You sure you want me to hear this? I mean, it's personal and all..."

"I want to tell you, Ned, I really do."

I nodded my acquiescence and she began again.

"I'd been at a small party. Actually I was over at my girlfriend's house. We were drinking wine and singing along with their CDs. Peggy was her name. Her fiancé's name was Roger. They were already living together. Around two in the morning, Peggy said good night, and Roger and I kept singing, although we sang quieter than before so as not to disturb Peggy."

"Janice, you don't have to...."

"But I do, Ned. Think of it as a catharsis of the soul."

Once again, I relented and Janice resumed her story. 

"We continued in that vein for another thirty minutes or so. Then Roger said, 'She's fast asleep by now.' Suddenly I knew what was going to happen. I could have made any number of excuses. I didn't, and when he moved to kiss me I went right into his arms.

"I felt like a teenager, fumbling with his clothes and mine; rolling around on the floor, our mouths hungry; our hands eager. And when I found his penis in my hand, I was surprised at its length. I'm not trying to belittle yours Ned; you have nothing to be ashamed of. But, just how long is yours?"

"Almost eight inches," I answered dryly, wondering why she was telling me about some other guy's dick.

She absorbed that statistic and continued her tale. "Anyway, before I knew it, he was kneeling up over me, his monster pressed against my lips. I opened for him, tried to take him, gagged a few times -- my god, he was so big. While I sucked on him, he opened my jeans and got them down to my knees. I worked them off the rest of the way and lay on the couch in bra and panties, one breast out of its cup, with his penis in my mouth.

"Anyway, that's how Peggy caught us. She wouldn't let me apologize and I left. They got married a month later. She was pregnant with his child. The marriage lasted two years, and I never spoke with either of them again.

"But I was so fucking horny from that night on. I began prowling the bars, looking for Mr. Right. I'd meet a guy and wind up begging him to fuck me. I fucked guys in alleyways, in their cars; didn't care if it was in the backseat or on the hood of the fucking car, just as long as I got laid. In short, I became a slut."

"Janice," I said, interrupting her again, "why the hell are you telling me this?"

"Because you're banging me and my daughter, that's why. For the last six years I've managed to overcome those whorish instincts. Including you, I've had two brief affairs. One serious... we contemplated marriage, but decided against it. Then you came along. I liked you, Ned. Probably still do. But I can't stay with a guy who's banging my daughter."

"I wanted to tell you, Janice, but how the hell could I?"

"Right, how the hell could you tell me you were fucking my kid?"

"C'mon, Janice, it's not like that."

"Isn't it?"

"No, it isn't. We met in a normal fashion. There were some sparks and it happened. I really do like, Mona. Hell, I like you too."

"Oh, I bet you want to get the two of us in the sack together," she said, her words dripping with sarcasm.

She swatted my shrunken dick with her left hand, not hurting me, but to show her total disregard for my manhood.

We began to get dressed.

"Can I ask you something, Janice?"

"Why not?"

"If you knew about Mona and me, why the hell did you go out with me? I don't mean the first time. I mean tonight. And why did you blow me?"

With her eyes blazing with fury, Janice said, "Because I'm still a whoring slut at heart. I thought I'd fuck you silly and never talk to you again. I thought that would hurt you more than anything else I could do."

I thought I'd glimpsed her true emotions and grabbed her, pulled her tightly against my chest and kissed her hard. I had to have bruised her lips with the kiss. I know mine were sore for several days afterward.

We wound up back in the bedroom, our clothes coming back off with an alacrity that stunned the both of us. It was as if it were our first time; dizzily exciting.

I entered her with ease because she was sopping wet for me. We couldn't get enough of one another. I must have cum inside her three or four times. She later confided that her stream of orgasms seemed endless, that she'd lost count after the fourth time she came.

Neither of us knew where all the pent up lust originated, but we were gasping and panting and begging each other for more; to make it last; to go harder and faster; and oh-please-God don't stop. Don't even think of stopping. ________________________________________ I didn't hear or see Janice for the next three weeks. In fact, I had just showered and wearing a pair of boxers, was working on my own version of a Cheech and Chong bomb-sized joint when the doorbell rang.

I bent to look out the peep hole and immediately stood up straight. It was Mona and her mother, Janice! 

I opened the door in my boxers and welcomed them inside. Both women appeared to have been drinking. "Come in, have a seat," I said as cordially as I could then added, "Can I get you something to drink, a martini, perhaps?"

That turned out to be the right thing to say.

"Martini sounds good to me," Janice chirped. "Make it gin, with a touch of Vermouth." "Over rocks?" I asked. "Please," she replied.

"Mona?" "Can I have one of those appletini's?"

"You certainly can," I said and hurried over to the makeshift bar to oblige the two lovely ladies, thinking there was only one reason for their being here.

"For a moment I considered calling you, Jiggs, but thought better after handing the ladies their martinis.

"Mona still had a sizable cast on her left leg. It went from her toes to her hip. She'd been on crutches walking in the front door, and they were now on the floor alongside the easy chair she was sitting in. Her mother sat directly across from Mona, and made sure to provide me with a long look up her skirt as she slowly crossed her legs.

"My dick lurched upward in my boxers. Both of them saw it move. Mona suppressed a wanton grin. Janice pretended she hadn't seen it.

"To what do I owe the pleasure?" I asked, and quickly followed with, "Not that I'm at all used to nocturnal visits by two charming women like yourselves."

Having both mother and daughter in front of me afforded the opportunity to compare them. Mona's breasts were substantially smaller than her mother's, but her ass, even with that ugly cast crowding the scene, was to die for.

Obviously, Mona was younger. But both were very attractive women. Janice was decidedly a high grade MILF. Mona shifted in the easy chair and provided me with a beaver shot when the short skirt she wore refused to shift with her, rising well beyond any acceptable height for public consumption.

"Doesn't he makes a great drink, Janice?" Mona said slurring her words. I also picked up on her calling her mother by her first name. The ladies might have rehearsed how they thought tonight was going to go.

If they were in sync with my plan, we were going to be fine.

"He does, sweetie. He does lots of things well." Well, an endorsement from momma. 

I filled both their glasses from the two pitchers I'd made earlier. I was drinking scotch myself. It was my first of the evening.
