 It was just another boring day at the office. Trapped in a cubicle all day long, hoping no one catches me surfing the net, counting the minutes until lunch, and then until I could leave. Around 11 AM my phone rang. Thinking it was probably one of my five bosses, I almost let voicemail pick up. I was immediately glad I didn't.

"Hi J.T. -- It's Christina." the voice on the other end replied. Instantly I sat up in my chair. Christina was one of the few younger women who worked at my company. She worked in a different department, so we didn't see each other every day. But whenever we had worked together, we hit it off well. She was quite attractive, and had a very flirtatious personality. I always considered trying to make a move, but the fact that she was married discouraged me. 

"What's new?" I asked.

After some small talk, she got to the reason for her call. "Want to grab some lunch in an hour or so? I heard there's a new restaurant around the corner that's supposed to be pretty good, and everyone from my department is too busy." She said. 

I jumped at the chance. Not only could I get out of the office for an hour or so, but I'd get to spend the time with a beautiful woman too! 

"Just call me when you're ready to go and I'll stop by!" I replied, trying to hide my excitement.

As we walked down the street to the restaurant, I kept sneaking glimpses of Christina. She was wearing a short, professional skirt which showed off her long legs. A white cotton V-neck tucked neatly into the skirt, showing off her waist and figure. Christina had been a college volleyball player, and she had kept her tall, lean body in shape since then. After a few blocks we arrived. 

The restaurant was an Irish bar. Nothing spectacular, but the food was decent, and the beer was cold. We chatted about the usual small talk stuff - Movies we had recently seen, the weather, making fun of other people in the office, etc. A few times I caught her taking extended glances into my eyes. Was she flirting more than usual? Or was she just trying to make sure I wasn't trying to glance down her blouse? 

After we paid for our meal, we walked back to the office. As we approached, I realized I was almost out of small talk. Not wanting an uncomfortable silence, I asked her how her husband Bill was. 

"Funny you should ask." She laughed. "That's sort of the reason I wanted to have lunch with you." 

"Looks like my day just got a LOT more interesting" I thought to myself.

She glanced around to see if anyone was nearby, as we got in the elevator. "This is kind of a strange request, which is why I couldn't ask you during lunch. I didn't want to offend you in a public place." She said.

"Don't worry, it's pretty hard to offend me." I replied, trying desperately to make her feel comfortable enough to make her request, whatever it was.

"Well, Bill's birthday is coming up. His birthday wish is to have a, uh, well a threesome with me. I agreed on one condition - that I get to pick the third person." She said quickly, as she gazed into my eyes and smiled. 

At this point I figured I could stop being so discreet. I stared down at her legs, and slowly moved up her body, past her slender waist, to her breasts, and finally back to her face. Her eyes were still staring into mine.

"Well, are you interested?" she cooed.

"Ab-so-lutely" I immediately responded. I put my hand on her waist and began drawing her towards me. Just then, the elevator stopped, and the doors opened. I quickly dropped my hand back to my side, and it was lucky I did - Three people were waiting as the door opened, including Christina's boss. 

"Christina, we've been looking all over for you!" Her boss blurted. "We need some answers on the Jacobson project right away!" He continued with his usual bluster. 

"OK, OK, I have what you're looking for, I'll have it in an hour." She replied. Then she turned to me. "J.T., that event we talked about? It's tonight. Are you available?" She said with a wink.

"I can clear my schedule. No problem." I replied, and smiled at her. 

"I'll call you later with the details." She said as she walked away. 

Walking back to my desk, I could barely think straight. The thought of Christina was jumping to front of my mind, no matter how hard I tried to think about other things. How long would she be working on that report? She said an hour, I remembered. After about an hour and a half, I called her.

"This is going to keep me tied up all afternoon." She said. "But we're still on for tonight!"

"OK, I'll make sure I stop by at the end of today to figure out the details." I said. After I hung up, I realized that I couldn't wait. Thinking about her all day would drive me crazy. After about fifteen minutes, I decided to walk down to her department. 

As I approached her desk, I saw her walk quickly into the file room, a secluded room with no windows, and only one door. I slowly followed her, hoping no one else was in there. As I entered the room, I quietly shut the only door into the room, and turned the lock. 

Christina spun around at the sound of the lock, surprised at the noise. She smiled when she saw me. 

"How's the report going?" I asked. "Will you still be able to leave on time?"

"No problem at all. I just have one thing to finish up, and it won't take long." She replied with a smile.

"So you've got some time then?" I asked, approaching her, our eyes locked on one another.

"Maybe a little bit" she said playfully.

That was all I needed for an opening. I walked up to her and put both my hands on her hips and gently pushed her back against the wall. 

"I can't, I'm married." She said with a kittenish giggle.

"If your husband is going to let me fuck you tonight, why can't I fuck you now?" I responded. 

With that, she pulled my lips towards hers and started frantically kissing me. I pushed her brown hair away from her shoulders and kissed and sucked her neck. She let out a soft moan in response. I pressed her against the wall harder, my hands exploring her tight body. Her firm breasts, belly and waist. My right hand reached inside her skirt. She pulled my head off her neck and kissed me hard, her tongue darting in and out of my mouth. My hand cupped her ass beneath her underwear, causing a louder moan from Christina. My fingers probed her ass while hers dug into my back. 

My left hand pinned her right hand against the wall, while my right hand pulled her hips towards mine. Christina was breathing very heavily right now, adding to my arousal. My hand moved off her ass and towards her pussy. I slowly pulled her underwear down around her knees, then slid my hand back up her inner thigh. When I reached her pussy, I slowly slid a finger in, making her squeal in delight. Just then, a voice came from outside the room.

"Where's Christina with those final numbers?" Her boss asked to no one in particular. 

I pushed harder against Christina, hoping she wouldn't notice, to no luck. She pushed back on me and said "I have to go, we'll get caught!".

I relented, but guided her left hand to my erection, pushing through my pants. "You can't leave me like this" I said with a smile.

She gasped as she felt the size of my cock. At seven inches I wasn't that much longer than many guys, but my member was especially thick. Luckily, my pleading had the desired effect.

Christina smiled and knelt down in front of me. She undid my zipper while I loosened my belt. My cock was at full stiffness from all the foreplay, I needed to come - badly. 

"Oh my God" she said as she grasped the full length with both hands. I took her head in my hands and guided her mouth onto my cock. I could tell she was as turned on as I was, as she immediately took as much as she could into her mouth. Slowly, she started working her mouth up and down the length of my cock. 

Suddenly, more muffled noises came from outside. Christina pulled her head off my dick with a pop as she turned around. Luckily, the noises continued down the hall. "I have to finish you off" she said to me with a smile.

She opened wide and took almost my entire cock into her mouth in one fluid motion. I had to try my best not to come right there. I gripped her head with both hands and started guiding her the full length, starting slowly but then more quickly. As I got close to coming, I was pounding her head onto my dick and then back off. Christina kept going, moaning into my dick the entire time. I could tell she was as turned on as I was, and that she wanted me to come. She reached a hand up to caress my balls and went even faster . Finally, I couldn't hold out any more and came into her mouth. She did her best to swallow all my cum but since she had no warning, a little dripped out. She giggled and lapped it up with a smile. 

We both got ourselves composed and quickly moved to the door. I playfully slapped her firm ass and whispered "Can't wait for tonight". 

PART 2.

A few hours later, the relief from our encounter in the file room had worn off. I was back to thinking only about tonight, and what was in store for me. Christina had told me that Bill would be waiting for us at their house around 5:30. Finally it was time to leave. Following Christina into the elevator, we kissed passionately the entire ride down. Walking to our cars, it was all I could do to keep my hands off of her, but we couldn't risk office gossip.

I followed Christina to her place, about a 20 minute drive from the office. It was a small, 3 bedroom house with an average size yard. She didn't have any kids, so once we got inside we wouldn't have to worry about any more distractions like there were in the office.

As we entered the house, Bill greeted us. He offered us both some wine, in an apparent attempt to loosen our inhibitions. Little did he know that Christina and I were both fully ready to go. 

"So Dear, it's your birthday - How do you want to get your present?" Christina asked impishly. 

"How about you two get started? I think I'll watch for a little bit." Bill said with a smile. I couldn't have asked for a better response from him!

Christina and I moved to each other and embraced. She kissed me hard, and pulled her body against mine. I quickly unbuttoned her blouse and buried my head into her cleavage. She pulled my shirt over my head and threw it onto the floor, as I reached behind her and unhooked her bra. Any awkwardness I felt about having her husband watch us disappeared when her beautiful firm breasts barely moved as I removed their support. I grabbed her ass with my left hand, while using my right hand to push her breast into my mouth. I sucked and tongued her nipple as she moaned with delight.

Christina then turned around and asked for help with the clasp on the back of her skirt. I gladly obliged, pulling her skirt and underwear down at once. I was left staring at one of the most shapely, firm asses I had ever seen. I caressed her ass cheeks with both hands, and then pulled her towards my thigh. When her ass felt the pressure of my thigh, she rocked her hips, grinding against me.

I turned her around once again, and guided her onto the couch. After removing my pants, I laid down beside her. We kissed and ran our hands over each other's bodies some more. Finally her hand reached my semi-firm cock. She started gently pulling to try to get me fully erect. I pulled her hand away.

"Not yet." I whispered. "First there's something I've wanted to do for a long time."

I gradually kissed my way down her body. Stopping at her breasts to suck on each firm nipple, I moved down her firm, flat stomach. When I reached her hips, I re-positioned myself so her leg was in the air, on my shoulder. I started kissing her calf, and again slowly made my way down to where she wanted it the most. When I reached her inner thigh, I had a perfect view of her neatly trimmed pussy. My mouth made its way to the shaved skin just to the side of her slit. Contact on this sensitive area caused Christina to shriek and buck her hips. I felt the wetness from her snatch against my cheek. 

I decided that I had teased her enough, and inserted my tongue into her pussy. Finally having her anticipation fulfilled made Christina emit loud, deep moans, as I darted my tongue in and out, up and down, side to side. I moved my attention up to her swollen clit, making her moans come louder and more often. After a few minutes, I noticed her shrieks became muffled. I looked up to notice that Bill had stopped watching and inserted his cock into his wife's mouth. (I completely forgot he was there!) His cock was average, about 5 inches or so, and average width. I smiled to myself knowing that it had probably been a long time since Christina had a dick as big as mine inside her pussy.

I pulled back from her, and again positioned her legs up in the air, over my shoulders. Watching her suck Bill's cock reminded me of earlier today, and turned me on more, not that I needed it. I positioned my cock at the lips of her pussy, and slowly entered her. Even with how wet she was, her pussy was still very tight. I started slowly moving in and out, but then picked up the pace to match the rocking of her hips. She pulled her mouth off Bill's cock and started screaming.

"Oh God, yes! Yes! More!" she yelped. I wrapped my arm around her leg so my hand was on her pussy, and rubbed her clit with my thumb as I fucked her. At this point her pleasure was too intense to concentrate on blowing her husband, but she was still jerking him off with her hand. Finally, with a loud scream, I felt her pussy clamp down on my dick. She bucked her hips against mine for at least fifteen seconds until the wave passed. I stopped thrusting, and kept my dick still inside her, to let her recover.

"My turn." Bill said to me, tersely and with a glare. 

"Probably feeling like a 3rd wheel!" I thought to myself. He had just watched me fuck his wife into a frenzy, I guess a little jealousy is natural.

I sat down at the end of the couch as Bill positioned Christina's so she was bent over, her ass in front of him as he stood. Luckily, this left her head in my lap. She eagerly started licking my cock while Bill entered her from behind. 

I thought the blowjob she had given me in the office was fantastic. Little did I know she had plenty more moves which she hadn't used then. Not worrying about getting caught allowed her to tease me and enhance my pleasure. She would alternate taking my entire length in her mouth with running her tongue along the side and back, tickling just the tip with tongue, and even licking and gently sucking my balls. Whenever I would get close to climaxing, she would somehow know and pull back a bit. 

All this time Bill was fucking her - hard - from behind. As he got close, he started slapping her ass with his hand. This made Christina more frantic, and she again took my whole cock in her mouth. Seeing this, Bill pulled out of her pussy. I thought he was about to shoot his load on her back, but no. He stuffed his dick into her asshole, causing her to pull her mouth off my dick and scream. Her face contorted in pleasure and pain as Bill worked deeper into her asshole. 

After giving her a few seconds to get used to the cock in her ass, I was ready for the blowjob to continue! I slapped her cheek with my hard dick. She smiled and got the hint, and immediately went back to work. Shortly thereafter, Bill started moaning and pulled Christina's hips into him as he came into her ass. 

Christina pulled her mouth off my dick again, and looked back at her husband.

"All done?" she asked. After he nodded she turned back to me with a devilish look in her eyes. She crawled up my body and whispered in my ear. "You're all mine now".

She grabbed my dick and put it into her pussy. Slowly, she lowered her hips the length of my shaft until I was completely inside her. My hands caressed her tits as she moved her hips up and down on my shaft. Her moans grew quicker and higher pitched - I knew she was close to orgasm again. She grinded her hips against mine, rubbing her clit against me. I moved my hands to her hips and pushed down firmly, increasing the force on her clit. She bucked and moaned, and this time it was too much for me. As her pussy tightened onto my cock again, I came deep inside her. 

She collapsed on top of me. As my dick softened and fell out of her, she giggled and kissed me on the cheek. We all got dressed, and I made my way to the door. 

"Happy Birthday, Bill!" I said on my way out. Christina laughed. Bill didn't. I got the feeling he was happy to see me go. Christina followed me out to my car.

"I'll see you at work tomorrow" she said as I got in my car. She pulled close to me. "I've got a lot of work to do in the file room" she said with a wink. "Maybe you can help me!" Looks like another fun day at the office!