 Just Another Rainy Day at The Beach in Paradise 



I discovered very early in my life that I am an inveterate voyeur. My most fulfilling, most erotic sexual experiences have always involved watching. Watching movies. Watching television. Watching on the Internet. Even watching in my minds eye as I read stories. Naturally, I simply enjoy watching women as they go about their daily activities. Shapely legs, undulating hips and swaying breasts are always a treat. Most especially however, is watching the arousal of the woman I am with, sharing the escalation of her sexual pleasure and eventually watching her as she loses control herself in the throes of an orgasm. Strangely, this visual experience is perhaps even more sexually satisfying to me than my own physical pleasure. I find nothing more exciting than watching the facial expressions of my wife of 18 years as I bring her to orgasm. It follows somewhat naturally that I would love to make a video of her as she experiences an orgasm - just for my own pleasure of course. I had never even suggested this idea as I was sure she would soundly veto it! Even more so, my ultimate fantasy has always been that of watching as she is seduced - being sexually aroused and eventually being brought to orgasm at the hands of another man. In all honesty I've never been one hundred percent certain as to how I would actually handle the situation even in a non-threatening, non-emotional, strictly physical scenario as fantasy is one thing, reality is yet another! I'm aware that my desire is not unique as I've often read of other men watching such seductions and have found these narratives to be extremely stimulating - but only when related tastefully without coarseness or vulgarity - which, unfortunately, is quite rare.  

My wife's name is Gerlinde. But everyone calls her Geri. Geri is a rather attractive, voluptuous, blonde blue-eyed woman who was born in Germany having spent her childhood and early adult years in a small town in Bavaria. As she was brought up in a conservative religious Lutheran environment she has never been accepting of any variation or "experimentation" involving our sexual activity - actually bordering on the puritanical. In addition she has this need "to be in control of herself" in any situation whenever possible. Her dislike of flying would probably be overcome if she were at the controls of the plane. She enjoys limited amounts of alcoholic drinks and absolutely no recreational drugs! Never remotely the exhibitionist she invariably dresses in a quite conservative, prim and proper non-revealing manner. I'm not even sure if she owns a two-piece bathing suit although she certainly has the figure for one. The mere suggestion of going to a topless beach was "Ridiculous!" When I finally got up the nerve to suggest that some evening we might make a video of our lovemaking, and sheepishly mentioned to her my fantasy of watching her with another man, she adamantly and prudishly replied - "You want me on display? Don't count on it! There's not the remotest possibility of any of that ever happening. I'm not putting on a show for you. Besides, you talk a good game, but you're so possessive that if any man so much as touched me, even innocently, you'd have a fit. Remember, having a fantasy is not the same as actually letting something take place! You probably would regret it for the rest of your life. But - Die Gedanken sind frei." - Your thoughts are free. And so, my fantasy remained just that for the 18 years of our marriage, merely a fantasy. 

We have a decent lifestyle. I'm an attorney with a successful law firm in Westchester County, New York, and Geri is division manager with a German manufacturing company in nearby Connecticut. Although no longer "spring chickens" we have kept in good shape with Geri doing yoga, playing tennis and riding her bike together with me whenever the weather permits. I'm an active tennis and softball player and whatever exercise machines we have at our disposal get used on a regular basis. Each autumn, when the New York weather starts to become chilly, gray and bleak, we vacation in the warmth of our favorite Caribbean island - comfortable, not extravagant. 

We spent the next to last day of our most recent fall vacation on the island at a first rate hotel lounging alone together on their excellent beach. We were sitting near to the pool, sipping piña coladas, reading, and alternately basking in the sunshine, snorkeling off a nearby reef in the gentle Caribbean surf and cooling off with an occasional dip in the hotel's pool where we could sit at the in-the-water bar and refresh our drinks. 

Our solitary reverie was suddenly interrupted by the approach of a handsome gentleman, approximately our age, who had been reclining on a nearby lounge chair. He apologized for any intrusion and asked if he had detected a German accent in my wife's speech. He had a distinct German accent and indeed so does Geri. With this we introduced ourselves and politely invited him to move his chair over and join us. During our chatting we discovered that he too was originally from Bavaria with him and his wife still living in Germany. He was temporarily to be in the U.S. while on assignment working for a prominent German pharmaceutical company of which he was head chemist and vice president. He appeared to be an affable fellow, alone on the island while enjoying a brief couple of days vacation before reporting to the American offices of his company in California. And so we made arrangements for the three of us to meet for dinner that evening. Geri and I then excused ourselves and went to our bungalow for an afternoon nap. 

Kurt, as was his name, met us for dinner. The evening was quite pleasant and the food excellent. The three of us shared a bottle of fine German Riesling as we became better acquainted and enjoyed each other's company – chatting and joking. Kurt and Geri discussed the many similar remembrances of their early days in Bavaria. Both Kurt and Geri speak perfect German, and although I do understand some German, they politely spoke exclusively English so as not to exclude me from the conversation. Once dinner was completed and the wine finished we went outside and sat by the pool, watched the moon rise over the Caribbean and enjoyed a nightcap together. Eventually we bid each other 'good night' and went to our separate rooms. 

That next day was sadly our last in this lush tropical paradise before having to head back early the next morning to the depressing bare trees and chill winds of the oncoming winter of New York. As I recall, Geri and I spent that morning strolling along the beach down by the sea, hand in hand, looking for shells. Later we went to relax at our favorite spot on the sparking white sand beach close by the hotel's pool. Kurt happened by and joined us for lunch on the beach and an afternoon of peaceful lolling about in the tropical warmth enjoying our last moments of the delightful beach, alternately sunning ourselves, cooling off in the sea, reading, sipping our drinks (why is it that rum drinks always taste better on a beach!?) and engaging in idle conversation. 

Without warning, as if from some horror film, the sky darkened, lightning flashed and a torrential cloudburst poured down soaking the three of us. The wind and rain whipped about us as we hastily gathered our books, towels and other paraphernalia and hurriedly scrambled to the safety of the indoors. As Kurt's bungalow was the nearest to the beach we decided to wait there until what we hoped to be a brief tropical storm had passed. Since we were sopping wet and the air-conditioner was going full blast Kurt suggested that we get into something dry. Geri needed no urging as she scurried shivering into the bathroom. I accompanied her and there we removed our wet bathing suits, toweled off, and each put on one of the hotel's plush white bathrobes which were hanging conveniently on brass pegs. Geri wrapped a towel around her head and by the time we returned from the bathroom Kurt had turned off the AC and had slipped into a white T-shirt and a pair of khaki shorts. He kindly uncorked a bottle of Asbach Uralt - a German brandy - to help take the chill off and poured each of us a generous glass full. He also offered us some fine German chocolates. Kurt and I took the chairs while Geri curled up on the high king size bed which was covered with a dark forest green comforter. It became apparent that the storm wasn't about to pass as quickly as we had hoped so the three of us relaxed, chatted, sipped our brandy, nibbled the chocolates, listened to the rain beating down and counted the seconds between the lightning flashes and the thunder claps. 

Kurt explained that his wife had been complaining bitterly for some time about his business schedule which all too frequently kept him away for extended periods of time. When two weeks before he was to leave he told her of this most recent trip she was not at all happy with the prospect of being left alone again and had suggested that they see a marriage counselor. But since she was plainly anticipating feeling abandoned once again this was probably just her annoyance speaking. They had continued on cool but cordial terms for the two week period still sleeping in the same bed albeit without physical contact. As he was preparing to leave Kurt told his wife that he finally realized she was right about his travels. She was obviously pleased when he told her that he had instructed his company that he was severely limiting any future business trips, and if travel was absolutely necessary he would take her with him, if she wished, whenever possible. Kurt still felt quite sure she would have a change of heart when he returned to Germany from this trip. Whatever, he was confident they would work things out and had remained faithful since their initial discussion.

I noticed that Geri had dozed off so Kurt and I waited out the storm, sipped our brandy, and continued our discussions about work, politics, hobbies, marriage and - as men will - women. Somewhere during our conversation, for what I now realize must have been some subconscious motivation, I admitted to him that I had this fantasy. He nodded and without being specific confessed that everyone has fantasies, he as well, but his wife too had wanted no part of anything she considered - as she put it "außergewöhnlich" - out of the ordinary. Apparently Kurt's marital relations were as constrained as ours.

The room was quiet except for music playing softly somewhere in the background and the sound of the wind blown rain tapping on the surface of the sliding glass doors accompanied by the occasional rumble of thunder. The only illumination came from a dimly lit lamp in the corner, occasional flashes of lightning and whatever soft greenish light the dark tropical storm permitted to filter through the glass doors. 

Eventually Geri stirred. As she sat up and stretched she mentioned that her neck was a bit stiff. Kurt explained that his wife was a massage therapist and from her he had picked up some knowledge of the techniques as well. He rose from his chair and asked our permission if he could try to help a bit. Both of us agreeing he went and knelt behind Geri on the bed. Geri was perched on the edge of the bed with her legs dangling over the side protectively wrapped from neck to ankle in her white robe as she finished sipping her brandy. Kurt took the towel from her head releasing her damp wavy blond hair and gently dried her hair. He pushed back the collar of her robe a bit and placed his hands on Geri's neck. She closed her eyes and rolled her head about as Kurt began massaging the tight muscles of her neck and shoulders. Kurt took Geri's now empty glass and placed it on the night table beside the bed then slid the bathrobe further down her upper arms exposing more of her back, shoulders and a hint of the tan line at the top of her breasts. All the while Geri kept her arms folded securely holding the bathrobe across her body so as to avoid exposing herself.    

The music now softly playing was ABBA's rather suggestive "Andante". (Take it easy with me please...) At first Gerri seemed hesitant in accepting a strange man's touch. But as the massage continued, and appeared to be solely therapeutic, she eventually became more comfortable with the situation, and making soft little purring sounds, fully accepted Kurt's soothing kneading of her neck, shoulders and upper back. 

I can't begin to imagine what prompted that which took place next. Perhaps it was the heat of the morning sun as we had basked on the beach, or the piña coladas, or the nap, or the brandy, or the soft ethereal lighting and seductive music permeating into the room but after some time had passed, and Geri had relaxed, shockingly she did something completely contrary to her normally overly protective character. Almost absentmindedly, still with her eyes closed and as if in a trance, she let her arms slowly fall to her lap allowing the robe to softly slide down her body exposing her nakedness down to her waist. I was astonished that my prudishly private wife had done something so completely foreign to her entire nature - yet I couldn't help but notice how the alluring tan line left by her bathing suit further enhanced the beauty and fullness of Geri's lovely pale bare breasts.  

I realized that I was uncontrollably becoming aroused by this completely unexpected turn of events. Nonetheless, part of me was saying "Stop this now!" yet part of me was saying "Why not! After all, it's your fantasy". Geri looked at me questioningly. Suppressing my reservations I simply looked back, shrugged, and smiled. Her nipples were already becoming hard although Kurt had not done more than massage her back. Kurt softly whispered something to Geri in German. Her cheeks became flushed as if momentarily embarrassed but nevertheless she slipped her arms out of the sleeves of the robe and let it fall around her on the bed. 

Kurt continued to massage Geri's neck, shoulders and back coming ever closer and closer to touching the sides of her breasts which were rising and falling alluringly with each breath she took. Eventually his hands tentatively reached around under her arms to her waiting breasts. When he finally just barely touched her there Geri involuntarily gasped, sat rigidly upright, and covered herself with her hands and arms. She looked at me again as if to ask "Are you really sure this is what you want?" With a reassuring nod of my head she again closed her eyes and hesitantly lowered her arms again uncovering her wonderful full breasts and now erect nipples and, accepting Kurt's advances, she let herself go and submitted to this stranger's intimate caresses. (Touch me gently, like a summer evening breeze...)  

As Kurt continued to fondle her ample breasts and brush his finger tips teasingly over her dark pink nipples Geri sighed and leaning back against him dreamily raised her arms above her head allowing him even greater access to her now completely exposed torso. The sight of Geri's milky-white breasts cradled in Kurt's suntanned hands gave me an unbelievable thrill. With Kurt nibbling gently at Geri's neck the two of them spent considerable time clearly enjoying the intimacy of the moment. Again Kurt muttered something to Geri in German, which I could not make out, at which point her eyes fluttered open. She briefly looked over at me and mouthed "I do love you!" and then slowly lay back on the bed. Passion had apparently overcome propriety.  

Kurt moved around so he could lie next to Geri and propped himself beside her on the bed. As he continued to gently fondle, stroke and then proceed to kiss her breasts she raised her upper body up toward him and murmured little sounds of pleasure as Kurt brushed his tongue around and nibbled on her excited erect nipples. (Take your time, make it slow...) Reaching down he deftly untied the belt of Geri's robe and sensing no sign of protest from her folded the lower portion of the robe away from her body uncovering her vulnerable nakedness for the two of us to enjoy and with her assistance slid the robe out from under her and placed it away from them on the bed. Now completely exposed - and totally accessible - she looked wonderfully sensual, extraordinarily desirable, and seemed to radiate a warm sexual glow in the soft subdued light of the room made all the more exciting by the stark contrast of Geri's pale body and blond hair sprawled upon the dark green comforter. Kurt's eyes, as well as mine, followed the path of his bronzed hand as it circled gently over her naked body stroking her quivering softly rounded white belly traveling further and further down until he let his fingers play upon Geri's almost hairless puffy mound. 

Watching a strange man's hand intimately roaming erotically over my once conservative wife's pale body was surprisingly fantastically exciting. (Andante, Andante...Just let the feeling grow)  

I quietly moved over to sit on the edge of the bed so I could better see Geri's facial expressions and more closely watch this forbidden, passionate, seduction as it continued to unfold just a few feet in front of me. Both of them were so engrossed in the excitement of the moment that neither seemed to notice my presence or care that I was intently watching them. Kurt's hand extended still further down Geri's body and he lightly brushed his fingertips up and down her legs and then stroked her inner thighs - something Geri always found extremely exciting. Gradually Kurt's exploring fingers moved ever upwards, circling inch by inch, until he reached her slightly parting labia. When he touched her there Geri, with a gasp, jumped and reflexively clamped her thighs together. Kurt again whispered something to Geri in German and, very tentatively, she gradually let her legs open. Slowly she allowed her thighs to drift farther and farther apart revealing her moistening lips allowing Kurt increased access to the privacy of her body. 

Geri had clearly become aroused beyond the point of no return in response to Kurt's touch as evidenced by permitting herself to be intimately explored in this manner - and by a stranger at that! As Kurt's searching fingers gently parted her pouting lips and found her clitoris Geri twitched slightly, sharply drew in her breath and then let it out in a passionate moan of pleasure. I watched as she held her lower lip between her teeth but offered no objection when eventually, after exploring, caressing, stroking, that most intimate portion of her body, Kurt's probing fingers cautiously crept between Geri's now exposed inner lips and then disappeared within Geri's opening moist vagina. (Make your fingers soft and light...)  She excitedly pressed herself up against his arousing touch, but he lingered there only briefly.  

After a few moments Kurt rose from the bed where he had been propped along side Geri and moving to the foot of the bed knelt between her splayed thighs. Suddenly aware of what was next about to happen Geri's hands fluttered down in an apparent attempt to cover herself. Kurt caught her wrists and gently folded her arms across her body. Then placing his hands on Geri's sensitive inner thighs began to gently stroke her - moving slowly upward until he finally reached her open available sex.

Geri let out a little cry as Kurt leaned forward, placed his mouth lightly at the apex her thighs and separated her lips with his probing tongue exposing her now distended clitoris. With soft flittering motions of his tongue accompanied by gentle nibbling action of his lips, he brought Geri ever nearer to orgasm. She moved her hand to his head and with her fingers entwined in his slightly graying blond hair gently pressed him closer down between her open thighs - so completely absorbed in the pleasure of the moment that she was apparently totally oblivious to my presence. As Kurt continued to pleasure Geri swirling his tongue over around her sensitive clitoris his fingers lightly roamed over her body caressing her thighs, hips and belly until eventually he put both his hands beneath her and lifted her up to his mouth.   
