 I lost my home to my ex-wife in a nasty divorce several years back, living in an apartment for the past few years. I hated losing the independence of being able to do what I wanted to do with my property and having the privacy I once had, so I figured it was time to take the plunge and become a homeowner once again.

I'm only 32 years old, have a great position in a financial firm, easily earning six figures a year. This qualified me for just about any place I wished to purchase. Luckily, my ex-wife and I had no children together so I had no child support or alimony to pay monthly either, freeing me up to make large purchases. I had little debt, owned my own car outright and was very responsible financially.

I began my search early in the spring, living in a small town in North Carolina, looking to purchase something in a rural area close to work. I had hoped to find something within an easy commute, hopefully ten miles or so at the most.

A friend of mine dabbled in real estate part time and knew exactly what I was looking for, just a modest home with a little land to work with, a swimming pool would be nice too.

It didn't take long for my friend Steve to call me, saying he had found the perfect place, located just four and a half miles from my work. Steve made an appointment with the sellers to show the house later that evening.

Steve stopped by my apartment to give me a ride so we could chat about the property on the way.

"Hey Jim, great to see you. Jump in!" Steve said, his window rolled down.

I slid in and buckled up, admiring his car.

"Very nice Steve, I take it this pays well," I said.

"Not bad, but it's just a second job and pays for my toys," Steve said proudly as I continued admiring his new BMW.

"Tell me about this place," I said.

"Well, I've only been in it once but from what I saw, it's a gem. It's only two years old, has a great swimming pool, three bedrooms, two baths, sits on 5 acres and has a man cave to die for. There's two two car garages and a great deck off the master bedroom as well. They're only asking $250,000 as they need to sell, the owners are going through a divorce. I know you know what that's like. I think you'll love this place!" Steve said.

"Sounds perfect but we'll see," I said. 

Within minutes we were pulling into the driveway. The place had great curb appeal, lined with shrubs, a well-manicured lawn and flowers scattered around the property. A large oak tree stood in the front yard and I could detect a fence out back, surely surrounding the swimming pool.  There were homes on each side but at a comfortable distance away. So far, everything looked perfect.

We stopped at the front entrance, exiting Steve's shiny new Beemer. He slid the key into the lock and opened the door. We entered and everything was as expected, the kitchen and bathrooms were modern and immaculate, the bedrooms were spacious and tastefully done, the living room was huge with nice hardwood floors and the man cave was better than I could have imagined. It had a pool table, refrigerator, pinball machine, bar, flat screen, surround sound and card table.

"Wow, this place is great, where do I sign?" I said.

"Not so fast, let's check out the grounds," Steve said.

The sliding glass doors in the living room led to an amazing in-ground pool, surrounded by a privacy fence. The pool was 20 by 60 feet, not huge but just perfect. On the pool deck sat a gorgeous redwood hot tub. Next to the pool was a pool house with a changing room.

"Does the spa come with the house?" I asked.

"What you see is what you get," he answered. "Even everything in the man cave stays with the house!'

We went out the gate and inspected the rest of the 5 acres of property. Then I saw her, the neighbor lady. She was mowing the lawn next door, wearing only a bikini, her big tits just bouncing and swaying as she maneuvered the tractor vigorously. She was gorgeous with long flowing red hair, nice firm tits, probably enhanced as they were round and didn't sag or move like natural tits. She was very fit as well, surely she worked out regularly.

As I inspected closer, I noticed her husband trimming the hedges. He was no slouch either, wearing only a pair of shorts with no shirt. You could tell he'd spent a few hours a week in the gym as well.

I loved the house and the neighbors looked hot, to me this was a no-brainer.

"Let's make an offer," I said to Steve, anxious to get in the car and get it done.

"OK, let's go to my office and write one up."

We drove to Steve's office and drew up the paperwork, offering $230,000 to buy the home. The offer was accepted the next day. It took about two months for everything to get done before I had a closing date in two weeks. I couldn't wait!!!

The closing went as planned and moving day was a breeze, I invited over a bunch of friends and supplied pizza and beer to my helpers. It took all day to get moved in but by 9PM I sat in my recliner in my new living room staring at the piles of boxes to unpack.

I was exhausted, drifting off, and hardly noticed the knock on the door, at least I thought there was a knock. Then the knock came again, jumping me out of my chair. I couldn't imagine who it might be. I opened the door and was greeted by the guy who was working in the yard the day I inspected the home.

"Hi Neighbor, my name is Hank, I'm your neighbor. Thought you might like a bite to eat after a hard day's work," he said,

"Come in , please," I said. "Thank you so much. Is everyone in this neighborhood this friendly?"

"Most are I guess, some are even more friendly," Hank said.

"I saw you and your wife working when I came to look at the house," I said, making small talk.

"Oh, that wasn't my wife. That's my sister, she lives with us. She just got divorced and needed a place to stay. I'll introduce you to her and my wife tomorrow if you like," he said.

"Great, thank you," I said, thinking back to how attracted I was to his sister.

Hank stayed for just a few minutes and left me with the sandwiches he brought. I didn't have the heart to tell him that I wasn't hungry as we ate pizza already with the moving gang. I put the sandwiches in the fridge and went upstairs to take a shower and get ready for bed.

The shower felt wonderful, easing the tired muscles I hadn't used in a while. I hadn't put any curtains up in any of the rooms and soon realized that the bathroom window faced Hank's house. I stood in front of the window drying off and could see a figure in one of Hank's windows and could have sworn someone was watching me with binoculars, it looked like a female.

This excited me, even though I was exhausted, and my cock started getting hard. The person was still looking as I continued toweling off. This was turning me on so I made sure to give them something to look at, I was proud of my nine inch cock and never missed a chance to be a bit of an exhibitionist. I stood sideways, giving her a perfect view as I stroked my cock dry with the towel, making sure to take the towel away several times to give her the full view. After a few minutes, she disappeared and I went to bed. I was asleep within seconds.

The next morning I awoke, not knowing for a minute where I was. I had a quick bowl of cereal, then decided to check out the water in the pool. I had always wanted a place where I could take a morning swim. I put on a pair of trunks and got right in, enjoying the pleasantly warm water. 

My mind wandered as I thought about the lady in the window watching me last night. My cock grew again. Damn, I needed to get fucked, it had been so long.

"Good morning neighbor, enjoying your new pool?" a female voice shouted.

I looked toward the gate, there stood the same lady who was in the window the night before, Hank's sister.

"Hi there, my name's Janet. I'm your new neighbor, I think you already met my brother Hank."

"Yes, I did. Pleased to meet you. My name is Jim, would you like to join me for a swim?"

"Sure, I'll have to go back to the house and get a bathing suit. I'll be right back."

She was back within just a few minutes, appearing at the gate wearing a tiny yellow string bikini, not leaving much to the imagination. As she entered the pool, I couldn't take my eyes off her gorgeous tits, definitely enhanced, big and round with perky nipples nicely outlined against the thin material. She was a lean redhead. She was also very good looking with full, sensuous lips, the type most men crave to see wrapped around their cocks. Her skin was very light and speckled as a true redhead would be. She had deep green eyes, the type that almost looked fake they were so beautiful and bright.

"The water is so warm," she said, slowly stepping down the ladder into the pool. "Must be nice."

"Well, it's one of the reasons I bought this place. I've always wanted my own pool and this one's heated so I can use it most of the year," I said.

"I am so white. If I had this in my yard I'd definitely have a nice tan and spend a lot of time getting my exercise swimming instead of running back and forth to the gym," Janet said.

"You are most welcome to use my pool any time, if I'm home or not," I said.

"You are so sweet but I wouldn't think of it, intruding upon your privacy."

"Believe me, you're a sight to behold. I'd be pleased to see you hang around the pool whenever you liked. It's been a long time since I've had someone as beautiful as you are as a visitor. My apartment didn't have much to offer in the way of entertaining. My ex-wife got the house and I've been waiting to be able to afford one of my own for a while."

"Would you like to tell me about your ex?" she asked. "I know what it's like. I just got divorced too."

"I'd rather not, honestly. Things just didn't work out so we split up. I have no regrets though, it's just another chapter in my life. We were lucky there were no kids involved, made the break-up a lot easier," I said. "Enough about me, tell me about yourself."

"There's not a lot to tell. I guess I lead a pretty boring life. I'm divorced, no kids, 23 years old and just finished college. I work as a financial consultant with a decent firm and do alright, very boring work but it's pays well. I expect to have most of my student loans payed off soon so I can purchase a place of my own. I live with my brother and his wife for now, they've been so good to me. I have become very close to my sister-in-law, she's a sweetheart, you'll like her."

"I met her husband, Hank yesterday. He seems like a great guy," I said.

"Hank is at work, I took the week off to help his wife with her sister's upcoming wedding. I'm sure she'd love to come over for a dip if the weather keeps getting hotter. You may become a very popular guy if you keep inviting people over for a swim with an impending heat wave," Janet said. "Would you like for me to bring something over for lunch and introduce you to my sister-in-law, Kate? She'd probably like to take a break from all the planning and take a mid-day dip in the pool if you wouldn't mind."

"That would be great, the more the merrier!" I said enthusiastically.

"OK, I'll give her a call."

Janet called her using her cell phone and Kate said she'd be over in an hour or so. This was turning out to be a nice day with female company to keep me entertained.

"I think there are a few floats in the pool house if you'd like to float for a bit. I'll go check," I said, kind of hoping to get a better look at her nice melons.

I found several pool floats and inflated them with my electric tire pump. Soon we were both on the floats, basking in the sun. If only Janet could have seen my eyes behind my dark sunglasses as I checked her out. She had a magnificent body. I hadn't realized it but my cock had discovered how sexy she was too and was growing by the moment. I clumsily tuned over on the float, trying to get repositioned on my stomach but upended the float, feeling like a fool as I fell into the water.

"Need some help getting back on your float?" Janet asked.

"I think I can manage," I said, embarrassed by my clumsiness.

"I'll help anyway," Janet said as she flipped off her float. Her bikini top almost came off as she resurfaced, exposing a nipple.  Her top didn't cover much anyway. She discreetly tucked herself back in as she steadied my float.

"Sorry about that little wardrobe malfunction, this suit doesn't allow too much movement without exposing something. You can get back on now," Janet said as she held my float in place.

"I think I'll just stay in the water now, you're little mishap got me a little excited, if you know what I mean," I said.

"Damn, didn't mean for that to happen. Has it been a while since you've seen a woman?"

"Well, I see women every day but few as sexy as you and certainly don't get flashed ever. It's been a long time since I've seen a naked breast, sorry," I said.

"If you'd prefer, I can just remove my top altogether. I love swimming topless."

She removed her skimpy little top and tossed it onto the pool deck, revealing her exquisite melons. My cock sprung to attention, luckily it was under the water's surface so Janet couldn't see. Her tits were magnificent, firm, round and perfectly shaped. Topped off with two perfect, erect little buds for nipples.

"Now you can get back on your float,"Janet said.

"Oh, no way in Hell now," I said, squirming and trying not to stare.

"Suit yourself," she said, getting back onto her float, tit side up. "If it really bothers you, I'll put my top back on. I'm not coming on to you, I really do like being topless. Hell, I paid a lot of money for these things and don't mind showing them off."

"I can see why, they are magnificent!" I said.

"Thank you, you look pretty damn hot yourself," Janet said.

"I think I'll get some sun on the deck for a bit if it's OK with you," I said.

"Of course, it's your house!" she said.

Just then her sister-in-law walked through the gate, announcing herself, "Hi guys, am I breaking something up here?" Kate asked, noticing Janet being topless.

"No, my top fell of so I just left it off, this is our new neighbor, Jim."

"Hello Jim, are you sure you don't mind having company today?" Kate asked.

"Oh no, who wouldn't want two beautiful ladies to join him in the pool?" I said.

Kate was very pretty, probably ten years older then Janet but a natural beauty. She was blonde, blue eyes, tall, thin and nice average sized tits, maybe a b or c cup. She looked great though, wearing her very attractive one piece bathing suit. My mind went right to the gutter, imagining myself with both of these women at the same time. I grabbed a towel and placed it in my lap, covering my crotch just in case the little guy decided he wanted to rise on me without warning.

"Janet, do you ever wear your top swimming any more?" Kate asked.

"I try not to too often," she answered. "Besides, Jim likes them!"

"Who wouldn't! I might just have to have mine done too," Kate said, looking toward me.

"I think you look great just the way you are," I said.

"Are you already checking out my tits?" Kate asked me.

"Oh, no. I'm sorry, I didn't mean anything by that," I said.

"That's too bad, nobody looks at me anymore," Kate said. "I must be losing my charm ans sex appeal."

"No, not at all. You're both very sexy, beautiful women," I said.

"Why thank you. You're a hot hunk yourself. How did we get so lucky to have you move in next to us. It's too bad I'm married or I'd make a play for you," Kate said.

"Hey Sis, I saw him first. Why don't you go make some drinks or something. You're married to my brother. I'm the single one here!" said Janet.

I just sat back enjoying the banter as they teased me, flirting and making suggestive comments.

"I have to admit, I like this!" I said.

"I thought so, you placed that towel in your lap pretty quickly. How about getting rid of that thing," Janet suggested.

"I don't think I should. You ladies have me just a bit excited. I told you, it's been a long time."

"Hmm, just how long are we talking?" Kate asked, adjusting her one-piece so I could see more cleavage.

"I'd rather not say, let's just say a while."

"OK, let's get back in the water then," Janet said.

'I'm taking my top off too then, but I'll have to skinny dip. Don't you dare tell your brother!" Kate said.

"I won't but I'm going to skinny dip too then. I think Jim should too," Janet said.

"I don't think so," I said, getting quickly into the water as my shorts bulged, showing my growing erection.

The two ladies got naked and jumped into the water, approaching me. I stood motionless as they each grabbed the waistband of my shorts, trying to tug them down. I held firm, not letting them go.

Someone's hand went under the waistband of my suit, firmly grasping my cock, lifting it up as the other person pulled the shorts down while I was distracted.

"There, we got them. Very nice package too!" Kate said.

"Hey Sis, you're married. You can't do that!" Janet said. "But I can!"

Two hands grabbed my growing erection and started stroking up and down, those hands belonged to Janet..

"Very nice!" she said.

"Not fair, I want some too. I have enough on you that you better not say anything to your brother either!"

They were both fondling me, their fingers wrapped around my shaft and fondled my balls. I knew of nothing else to do other than just stand there and take it like a man.

"Let's give our new neighbor a nice housewarming gift, US!" Kate said as her fingers molested my shaft. "I can't imagine a sexier neighbor living next door. What a nice cock!"

"Let's not wear him out the first day Sis. But, I would like to get him out of the water and get a look at that great cock of his, just for a bit, then we'll behave ourselves," Janet said, pulling me along by my cock, leading me to the ladder.

The ladies practically pushed me up the ladder, their hands cupped my ass cheeks as they guided me up and out of the water. We were all standing on the deck, dripping wet as their hands continued exploring my shaft. I was in such shock that I just stood still, hooking an arm around the shoulder of each woman to balance myself. Janet turned my head toward hers, guiding my lips to hers, parting them slightly as we kissed.

Kate dropped to her knees and started running her tongue up and down the length of my swelling shaft, now fully erect and throbbing.

My kiss with Janet intensified, our tongues exploring each others mouths, my chest now heaving in excitement. Kate's lips were stretched around the head of my cock, sucking and licking as I oozed and twitched. 

"Go lay down on the lounger stud," Janet said.

Kate released my cock and stood, guiding me toward the lounger as I settled down onto it, pushed back by Janet as they both focused on my cock, it was now bouncing and throbbing against my stomach. I watched in amazement as the ladies knelt on each side of me, their hands already sliding up and down my shaft.

"Are you comfortable?" Kate asked, staring at my cock.

"Oh yes, this is so nice," I panted.

"Just let us sample you just a little, we'd like for you to consider this your house warming gift," Janet 

said.

As the words were escaping Janet's lips, Kate's lips were stretched around the head of my cock. Her tongue devouring my salty discharge, dipping into the slit, already leaking and oozing. Janet joined her, running her tongue up and down my shaft, touching her sister-in-law's mouth as she plunged downward. Janet gently held my balls, lifting them upward in her palms, then licked and sucked each testicle into her mouth, one at a time.

My entire shaft had almost completely disappeared into Kate's mouth, she was making deep, gagging, gargling sounds as she tried to force me entirely down her throat. Her moans and gagging were driving me over the edge. She couldn't take it all though as I had swollen to my full nine inches, few women could take it all.
