 I've been absolutely in love with my wife Sara since I first met her when we were in fourth grade. We were instant best friends and she lived just down the street from me so it was easy for us to spend a lot of time together.

I'm an only child, but Sara has a younger sister Ashley, who's 5 years younger than us. Despite the age difference Sara and I welcomed Ashley to hang out with us quite frequently. Sara and I delighted in her innocence and she loved being included in what we were doing.

When Sara and I started driving we took Ashley on dates with us. The girls' parents encouraged it because they knew that Ashley being with us would keep us from any adult situations.

Well, all good things must come to an end, and we were no different. Sara and I graduated from high school when Ashley was 13, and we both got accepted to a university on the other side of the country.

We were both intent on getting masters degrees in just five years, which meant summer school every year, which kept us away from our home town except for a few short visits here and there. On each of our visits however Ashley was unavailable, which was disappointing.

After five years of college Sara and I were thrilled to be done, and even happier to be getting married, we'd agreed to wait until after college, and now there was nothing to stop us.

We both wanted to live and work in our home town, and we wanted to get married in front of our families so we headed home upon graduation.

Waiting to pick us up at the airport was an incredibly gorgeous young woman that bore a stunning resemblance to Ashley. She was wearing a very short skirt and a really tight top that showed her belly button. Sara and I were both surprised at how she looked.

"I know it's been five years, but surely you remember the pig tailed little rug-rat that used to follow you around." Ashley said.

"Oh we remember you sis, we just remember you as a girl going through puberty that was still growing into her body. But look at you, a fully developed woman." Sara said.

"Didn't turn out half bad did I?" Ashley asked.

She did a little spin showing off her whole body.

"Can you believe that I just turned 18 two weeks ago? Well Matt, aren't you gonna say hello to me?" Ashley asked.

"Hi." I said.

"You have been gone a long time, but that's no excuse for forgetting the way that we used to say hello to one another." Ashley said.

"How we used to?" I asked.

"Yeah, you remember, every time Sara and I came over to your house or you came over to ours you'd kiss both of us hello." Ashley said.

"Oh yes, now I remember, I don't think that's entirely appropriate." I said.

"Why not? It's just a kiss, Sara never used to mind, why would she mind now?" Ashley asked.

"Oh I don't know; she might mind because we're engaged, or she might mind because we're not kids anymore, there are lots of reasons that she might mind." I said.

"Well, I don't want to get you into trouble, so let's ask her. Sara, my dear sweet sister, would it bother you if Matt and I said hello to each other the way we used to?" Ashley asked.

"Go right ahead, you two haven't seen each other in a long time, and I always thought it was cute the way he'd kiss you after he'd kissed me, go on and say hello to him." Sara said with a little chuckle.

I looked at Sara with a surprised look on my face. I turned my head towards Ashley just in time for her to put her arms around my neck and press her lips to mine. At first I kept my mouth closed tightly, but she forced her tongue into my mouth and I began to melt into her mouth.

I kept my hands at my sides and kept leaning back more and more making some attempt to pull away from the kiss, but Ashley kept her lips locked onto mine until she was ready for the kiss to be over. She pulled back just a few inches and looked me right in the eyes.

"It's been a long time Matt, welcome home and congratulations on your engagement to my sister." Ashley said; her arms still wrapped around my neck.

"Thanks." I managed to respond.

"That's enough sis." Sara said.

"Oh, alright. The car is this way." Ashley said.

She released me from her grasp and walked towards the door. I found my eyes trailing after her gorgeous ass. Sara snapped me out of my trance by stepping in front of me.

"Let me just check something. Oh my, it's even worse than I thought." Sara said.

She had blatantly put her hand on the front of my pants and was feeling my very hard cock.

"What are you doing?" I asked batting her hand away and looking around to see if anyone had noticed what she'd done.

"I was checking to see just how turned on that little kiss made you. Judging by that piece of iron in your pants you want to fuck my little sister." Sara said.

"No baby, it's not like that." I said.

"Oh yes it is. Don't worry, I can't blame you, the past five years have turned my baby sister into a full blown babe. Actually I was hoping that she'd kiss you just the way she did so I could watch you squirm like that." Sara said.

"You put me through that just so you could get a laugh?" I asked.

"Yes I did, and I'm gonna enjoy the laugh for quite some time." Sara said.

Our wedding wasn't for four weeks, so we moved into Sara's parents' house while we searched for our own place. Ashley was once again our constant companion, but things were different this time.

For one thing she insisted on kissing me like she had at the airport every time we saw each other...when nobody else was around that is. Sara just laughed every time. Ashley was also wearing clothes that she never would have worn before. Mostly she wore very short skirts, but she also wore tight jeans or tight shorts, and her tops were always very tight and revealing.

She took every opportunity to touch me, to rub her body up against mine, it seemed that her favorite thing to do was to walk into the room when I was sitting down, plop herself down on my lap and wiggle her ass around on my cock as she kissed me.

Eight days before the wedding Ashley and Sara went shopping, when she and I were alone in our room that night Sara had some stunning news for me.

"Ashley told me that she's a virgin today." Sara said.

"Do you believe her? I mean she doesn't act like a virgin." I said.

"Oh I believe her. She's definitely not innocent, but I believe her when she says she hasn't had sex." Sara said.

"Maybe you're just biased to believe her because she's your little sister." I said.

"That could be part of it I suppose, but when she told me why she was still a virgin I was totally convinced." Sara said.

"Oh yeah? Just what reason did she give you that would convince you that she's still a virgin?" I asked.

"Well, are you sure you want to know this?" Sara asked with a giggle.

"Oh my interest is piqued, I've gotta know." I said.

"Okay, but just remember you asked for it. She said that the reason she's still a virgin is that you were away for the last five years." Sara said.

"What? Why has my being gone kept her a virgin?" I asked.

"She wanted her first time to be with you." Sara said.

"She what?" I asked.

"She wanted her first time to be with you. She fell in love with you the same way I did, and you became her sexual fantasy. It's kind of cute really." Sara said.

"Cute? You think it's cute that your sister wants to have sex with me?" I asked.

"Sure, think about it, she always used to hang out with us, and when we started kissing when we were 13 you started kissing her too so she wouldn't feel left out and she was only 8. Now I get to have sex with you and she wants it too." Sara said.

"Hey, those kisses when we were kids were innocent, the ones she's been giving me lately, with your approval I might add, are far from innocent. Her tongue could draw a detailed picture of my mouth at this point." I said.

"Don't even try to tell me that you don't enjoy her attentions, I've felt how hard your cock is after she's done with you." Sara said.

"I'm ashamed that she has that effect on me, I've pledged my life and my body to you; I shouldn't have that kind of reaction to anyone else. You're to blame for it though, you're the one that keeps letting her do it." I said.

"That's true, I am responsible for letting her do that to you, but part of me thinks she's entitled to it, and maybe you are too." Sara said.

"Entitled to what?" I asked.

"To be attracted to one another." Sara said.

"Why on Earth would either of us be entitled to that?" I asked.

"Well, you're a very handsome sexy man, she's a young, hot girl, and the two of you have been friends most of your lives, it's only fitting that you'd be attracted to one another." Sara said.

"Okay, so what the hell do we do about this?" I asked.

"About what?" Sara asked.

"About your sister wanting to have sex with me? I mean I don't want this whole teasing thing to go on much longer." I said.

"You're quite right, the teasing has to stop. There's only one way out of this that I can see, but I'm not sure you'll like the idea." Sara said.

"If it gets her to stop sexually harassing me every time she walks into the room I'll like the idea, what is it?" I asked.

"You're just gonna have to have sex with her." Sara said.

"What?" I asked.

"Oh don't act so surprised, it's the perfect solution." Sara said.

"For who?" I asked.

"For all of us. Ashley is desperate to give you her virginity, I know that you want to have sex with her but won't admit it because of me, and as for me, I must admit that my desire to keep you for myself is losing out to my voyeuristic desire to watch you be with her." Sara said.

"Sara, you can't be serious." I said.

"I know it sounds totally absurd, but I'm very serious about this. I can assume that Ashley would willingly participate, but what about you?" Sara asked.

"No, no, I don't want any part of it." I said.

"Now Matt, I love you and I will respect your wishes, but I must ask you why you don't want to do this." Sara said.

"I don't love her." I said.

"Sure you do." Sara said.

"Okay so I love her, but it isn't the same kind of love that I have for you." I said.

"That's true, but that's not justification for not doing it. You love her enough to want to make her happy and doing this would make her very happy, and it would make me very happy as well." Sara said.

"How would my having sex with your sister make you happy?" I asked.

"I told you, it would fill my voyeuristic desire to watch you with someone else." Sara said.

"Wait. Wait just a minute. Am I to understand that if I was to agree to this and Ashley was to agree to this, the incredibly awkward sex that we would have anyway would be made even more awkward by you sitting there watching me have sex with your sister?" I asked.

"Well yes. You don't think I'd let you face her alone do you? With the things she's likely to do to you I'd never get you back." Sara said.

"I can't believe what I'm hearing. The woman I love wants to watch me have sex with her little sister." I said.

"Matt, I love you, and I know that I'm the only woman you've been with. You must be curious what it's like with someone else." Sara said.

"Curiosity is one thing, but acting on it is something else. Even if I did want to try having sex with someone else I wouldn't pick Ashley, I'd pick some woman from somewhere far away that after it was done I wouldn't have to see her ever again and it would be out of my system." I said.

"But that wouldn't resolve the sexual feelings between you and Ashley." Sara said.

"So what? We can sit down with Ashley and tell her that it's never going to happen and that she needs to move on." I said.

"Come now Matt, do you really think that would be the end of it?" Sara asked.

"No, I suppose not. But how could I possibly allow myself to, well, you know." I said.

"Don't allow yourself to do it, just do it and enjoy it. You would get great pleasure from it, Ashley would get great pleasure from it, and I would get great pleasure from it. As far as I can see there is no reason not to do it." Sara said.

"You really want me to do this don't you?" I asked.

"Yes, I do." Sara said.

"You're sure?" I asked.

"Yes Matt, I'm sure. I know that Ashley's sure. I know you want to, but you aren't sure. Will you please do this? Do it for me, do it for Ashley, do it for yourself; do it for all of us." Sara said.

"Well shit. If this were to happen we would have to do it in the next six or seven days, because I cannot see myself doing it after the wedding." I said giving in.

"I don't think that will be a problem. We'll need to make some plans so what if we do it two days from now?" Sara asked.

"I suppose we should find out if she's even interested, you've been assuming that she is to this point, but we don't know for sure." I said.

"I suppose you're right, let's go ask her." Sara said getting out of bed.

"Now?" I asked.

"Sure, why wait? If she does want to do it she'll have all day tomorrow to go crazy with anticipation which should make things pretty wild. If not then you can get a good nights' sleep." Sara said.

It made sense so I got out of bed and followed Sara to the door. She sleeps in a thin T-shirt and a pair of panties and I sleep in just my boxers but neither of us grabbed anything to cover up with as we headed down the hall.

We crept into Ashley's room and I sat at the end of the bed as Sara turned on the bedside lamp, sat up close to Ashley and gently shook her to wake her up.

Ashley instinctively sat up in bed and that's when we found out that she slept in the nude as the covers slipped down her body and her breasts became visible in the dimly lit room. Sara lifted the covers back up over her sister's chest as Ashley didn't notice or didn't care about her exposure.

"What do you want, it's late." Ashley said.

"Sis, we have something to ask you, and we just couldn't wait." Sara said.

"What is it?" Ashley asked.

"Would you like to have sex with Matt?" Sara asked.

"What?" Ashley asked.

"Do you want to have sex with Matt?" Sara asked again.

"Well, yeah, I told you that I did, so what?" Ashley asked.

"So, two days from now if you want to, you can have sex with Matt." Sara said.

"I can? Wait, what's the angle?" Ashley asked.

"There's no angle, just a few conditions." I said.

"What kind of conditions?" Ashley asked.

"Well first and foremost I get to watch." Sara said.

"You want to watch me have sex with Matt?" Ashley asked.

"Yes, but not because it's you, because I've wanted to watch him with another woman for quite some time and this will be my first and possibly only opportunity to do it." Sara said.

"Well, I guess that would be okay. What other conditions do you have?" Ashley asked.

"Once it's done, it's done. Unless for some reason we all want it to happen again it's going to be a one time only thing. That means no more tongue kissing Matt hello, no more sitting on his lap and grinding your ass on his cock, no more flirting." Sara said.

"I suppose I can understand that. Did she tell you that I've been saving myself for you Matt?" Ashley asked.

"Yes she did tell me that in fact." I said.

"Okay, so are you okay waiting two days to do this?" Sara asked.

"Well, I would love to do it now, but if I've gotta wait two days I think I can make it that long. It might be a struggle though now that I know I get to do it." Ashley said.

"Okay then...tomorrow we'll book a hotel room and tell mom and dad that we're taking you out to celebrate your birthday since we weren't here when you turned 18." Sara said.

Two days later Ashley was up at dawn and she wasn't about to let us sleep away the day when she would finally get to have sex with me so she came into our room and woke us up.

"Ashley, it's too early, give us another hour or so." I said.

"No way, this is my day, you said you would have sex with me today and I don't want to wait any longer." Ashley said.

"I had planned on heading to the hotel this afternoon." Sara said.

"The room is reserved for today so it should be ready now, so get up and let's get going before mom and dad wake up." Ashley said.

"What do you think?" Sara asked.

"I think we won't be getting any more sleep today so we might as well get up. Ashley, give us time to get showered and dressed, then we'll all go to breakfast, I can't do anything on an empty stomach." I said.

"Okay, I'll be in the living room, hurry up." Ashley said.

Sara and I pulled ourselves out of bed, headed into the bathroom and started getting ready. I shaved while Sara was in the shower, then I joined her in the shower. I grabbed her from behind and kissed her neck, she pushed me away.

"Oh Matt don't do that, you should save all of your sexual energy for Ashley, I'm sure that you're going to need it." Sara said.

She got out of the shower and I made sure to wash every inch of my body as best as I could. If I was going to go through with this I wanted to be nice and clean for it. When I got back into the bedroom I found that Sara had laid out some clothes for me. 

"What's this?" I asked.

"That's what you should wear today; you want to look nice for Ashley don't you?" Sara asked.

"I guess so." I said.

We got dressed, Sara had packed an overnight bag for the two of us in case we ended up spending the night at the hotel, then we walked out to the living room and as soon as I entered the room Ashley kissed me and her hands groped at my body. I pushed her away gently.

"Hey, we can't have any of that stuff here; you'll have to wait until we get to the hotel." I said.

"Who's hungry?" Sara asked.

"I am." I said.

"I am too, but I'm not hungry for breakfast, I'm hungry for something else." Ashley said.

"Well I'm sure we can take care of your hunger, but first we'd better get some food into Matt or he might not have the strength to keep up with you when we get to the hotel." Sara said.

"Then let's go to breakfast." Ashley said.

We went to a diner for breakfast and between the two of them the girls didn't eat half of what I did. Sara usually gives me a hard time when I pig out like that, but she knew I was fueling up for what figured to be a very long day.

As I was sitting in the booth I could feel a foot rubbing up against my crotch. I slipped my fork under the table and gave the foot a gentle poke. Ashley yelped and pulled her foot away.

"If you don't let a guy eat in peace he might just have to find something else to do today." I said.

"I'm sorry, it's just that I've been dreaming of this for so long and now it's going to happen. I'll try to be good, but please hurry." Ashley said.

"I'm almost done, why don't you girls run across the street to the drug store and buy some condoms and I'll meet you at the car." I said.

"No, no condoms." Ashley said.

"Now wait a minute." I said.

"It's my special day so I should get to decide whether or not to use condoms." Ashley said.

"Sara?" I pleaded.

"She has a point Matt, today is supposed to be about her. Besides, I want to see you go bareback." Sara said with a smile.

I was so stunned that my jaw dropped open; I had expected Sara to be on my side. For a moment I just stared at both of them as they sat across the table from me with big grins on their faces.

"You know, between the two of you, you're going to put me in a very early grave." I said.

"Just as long as you don't die until after I've had my fun." Ashley said.

I finished eating, paid the check, and we headed for the car. Ashley was in the car and ready to go long before Sara and I got there. You'd have thought she was a kid getting ready to go to Disneyland for the first time or something.

We'd booked a hotel room in a town about 50 miles away so that we could be reasonably sure that nobody would recognize us. When we got to the hotel Ashley was even more excited than ever.
