 Adam and Zoe had spent the first day of their holiday soaking up the Mediterranean sun by the pool. It was the first time she had gone topless on holiday and she had secretly enjoyed some of the clumsily disguised admiring glances from passing men, and perhaps once or twice, women. They had both also enjoyed the sight of so many near naked bodies, a surprising number of which were in good shape. 

By the time they got up to their apartment they were both feeling highly aroused, but had to limit themselves to a brief bout of foreplay during their shower to avoid being late for dinner. The restaurant they were going to was about 5 miles outside the resort in a wonderful spot in the mountains. Even better they were sending a complimentary car to pick them up.

Once out of the shower it didn't take them long to get ready. Zoe pulled on a short summer frock that seemed to cling and float in equal measure. If you looked closely enough, which Adam did, you could make out the outline of her breasts and nipples through the material. What it was not possible to tell by looking was that she had absolutely no underwear on.

It was only a short ride to the restaurant but Adam still had time to run his hand up Zoe's thigh and feel the wetness between her legs, while she squeezed at the bulge in his shorts. They were almost sorry when they arrived at their destination, but the location and the restaurant itself did look wonderful.

The moment they got out of the car they were greeted by the owner, a slim fit guy in his early forties. His dark, tanned skin contrasted nicely with his pristine white shirt, which pulled tight across his chest and shoulders. He smiled warmly at them both, shook Adam's hand and kissed Zoe on both cheeks. He let his fingers linger on the bare flesh of Zoe's arm as he pulled back from kissing her, looking directly into her eyes as he did so. In spite of the warmth of the evening she felt a little shiver run up her back.

The owner told them his name was Costa and he would be personally ensuring their satisfaction for the evening. He then showed them to their table, on a quiet balcony with superb views over the mountains. When he returned with the menus he brought with them a glass of chilled sparkling wine each. They exchanged a glance, both of them being well aware of the effect the bubbles and the wine were likely to have on Zoe.

They sipped at their drinks as they considered the menu, all the time playing footsy under the table. As usual after a period of intensively studying the menu Zoe failed to make her mind up and asked Adam to order for her. As well as ordering the food he also ordered a bottle of the sparkling wine, ignoring the quizzical look that Zoe gave him.

By the time the starter arrived she had finished her first glass and was already predictably flirty. Costa was only too happy to live up to the stereotype of Greek waiters and reciprocated her smiles and flashing eyes. He was however careful not to ignore Adam, telling him how lucky he was to have such a lovely wife. An assertion that Adam was only too happy to agree with.

"I have a question for you. A very serious one" said Adam as they tucked in to their food.

"Yes?" Zoe looked a little apprehensive.

"Are you feeling as turned on as I am?"

She grinned "I think I just might be."

"You think it's the sun?"

"And the surroundings - I did notice your eyes wandering round the pool."

"Don't think I was the only one. And I did think you looked very very sexy in just a thong."

"To be honest it did feel quite sexy taking my top off and applying the sun cream with all of those people around us."

Their conversation carried on in this vein as they finished the first course and made inroads into the wine. Zoe was starting to feel a little tipsy, which was doing nothing to diminish her sense of arousal. When Costa came to clear the table the flirting carried on where it had left off before, with Zoe telling him how nicely his white shirt showed off his tanned skin and commenting favourably on the tightness of his trousers.

In spite of himself Adam found he was getting even more turned on watching his wife flirt with this undeniably attractive man. "Do you think he's sexy?" he asked her after Costa had departed with their dirty dishes.

"Maybe" she smiled with a wink "You're not jealous are you?"

"Nope. It's actually quite sexy watching you flirt with him."

"Well I'll have to do it some more when he gets back with the mains. But it will have to wait until I've been to the Ladies."

As she walked past Adam he reached his hand up her dress, stroking the inside of her thigh. For a moment she stood there, her eyes half closed and her breathing increasing in intensity, until reality kicked in and she wandered off to find the toilets. Her route took her through the main restaurant and then down a long corridor. On the return journey Costa was in the corridor walking slowly towards her. As they approached they held each other's gaze, both of them smiling. When they reached each other he made a great show of stepping aside to let her pass, but in reality both of them knew that his back wasn't even close to the wall, let alone pressed up hard against it.

Zoe played the game and turned sideways to squeeze past him. In the course of this elaborate charade he reached down and placed a hand on each of her hips, holding her where she was. In her state of slightly inebriated arousal she made no effort to move away, in spite of that little voice in the back of her head telling her she should. He moved his hands up to her waist, taking the dress with them to expose the very top of her legs to view.

There was something about his gaze and his voice that made him very hard to reproach when he leaned forward to whisper what a sexy lady she was, and how nice she looked in that dress. Her acquiescence emboldened him, and he pulled her tight against his body, so she could feel his hardness pressing against her stomach. She gave a little gasp as she felt the evidence of his excitement.

"Maybe after your meal is over I could interest you in some extra special personal service" he whispered into her ear. He made no effort to move his mouth away, allowing her to feel the warm urgency of his breath on her ears, and the brush of his lips on her lobe.

"Err, right, thanks, maybe" she stammered, flushing deeply "but I must get back to Adam."

With that she moved away and set off back to the table, but not before allowing the back of her hand to brush against the bulge in his trousers.

Adam looked at her as she sat down "Are you OK?"

"Yeah fine. Why?"

"You look a little flustered."

"Well I am. Maybe. A bit. I ran into Costa on the way back from the loo. Don't be angry, but he can be very forward."

"Really? Are you objecting?"

"Honestly? Not completely, it's really quite flattering. But I thought you might not be happy."

"I'm happy if you're happy. Is it just flattering?"

"Well, maybe a bit more than that."

"Sufficiently 'a bit more than that' to get you damp?"

The flush returned to her cheeks, which gave Adam all the answer he needed. He just sat there and grinned at her, while she tried to turn the conversation to more mundane topics about what they would do the rest of their holiday.

A moment later Costa turned up with the main courses, shattering Zoe's newly found composure. She could see the outline of his developing erection pressing against his tight trousers as he approached. The urge to reach out and touch him when he stood much closer than was strictly necessary to serve her was almost too strong to resist. Somehow she managed though, even when he told them both that he would do anything he could to make their evening memorable.

"Well, you're definitely in there" grinned Adam as Costa left them to their meal.

"Maybe it's just innocent flirting."

"Not judging by the bulge in his trousers!"

"Err, yes, I noticed that too."

"You like?"

Zoe just nodded, not wanting to admit how turned this was all getting her. She was soaking wet between her legs and was beginning to wish she'd worn some underwear.

"I'm going to have to go the ladies and dry off" she told Adam with a naughty smile that let him all that he needed to know about how she was feeling.

This time she didn't even make it to the toilets before she bumped in Costa in the same narrow corridor. Once again they played the game of squeezing past each other, and once again he stopped her by placing his hands on her hips. This time, instead of pulling her against him, he turned her round first, and then guided her backwards until she could feel his hard cock pressing against the small of her back. She was so distracted by the feeling of his hardness on her body that she didn't initially notice that he was sliding her dress up the front of her thighs, until she felt the touch of his fingers on the bare flesh. This was definitely the time to pull away and continue her journey to the ladies. Instead she pressed herself harder against him, little gasps coming from her open mouth as his fingers delicately traced their way slowly towards her pussy. 

There was the briefest and lightest of contacts between his fingers and her wet clit, before he pushed her away. "We can carry on after dinner when the restaurant closes" he said, disappearing down the corridor. 

Zoe just stood there, her legs literally shaking with the pent up sexual excitement. It took several moments before she regained her composure enough to go into the toilets, dry herself off, wash her face and then return to Adam.

"I was about to send a search party."

"Sorry gorgeous, but I bumped into Costa again and got held up."

"Really? Do tell."

So she told him exactly what had happened in the corridor, unable to meet his gaze until she had finished. When she finally looked up he was smiling at her.

"Wow. Did you enjoy it?"

"It wasn't completely unpleasant."

"You can admit to enjoying it."

"OK, I enjoyed it. I am now totally aroused and very very wet! Happy now?"

"Oh, yes! Do you want to accept his offer to stay after closing?"

"Only if you will be with me."

"Of course. It would be my pleasure."

They agreed that if Costa went through with his offer they would accept it and see what developed. Discussions then turned to speculation about what he might have in mind, which left Zoe wetter than ever and Adam with a throbbing erection. He started to stroke himself through his trousers under the table to try and get some relief.

"Careful, you'll get caught" whispered Zoe.

He looked round "It's nearly empty through there, I think I'm safe."

Zoe stood up and looked through the archway into the main body of the restaurant. Satisfied that Adam was right she walked round to his side of the table and bent down to undo his zip and free his straining cock. Without saying a word she took him in her mouth and started to lick and suck. He couldn't believe it: they had enjoyed some naughty times together but she had never done anything like this. He sat there, his eyes closed, savouring the sensations.

A slight noise caused him to open his eyes, and looking up he saw Costa standing there behind Zoe, his fingers to his lips, signalling Adam to remain quiet. Adam's twinge of guilt at feeling like a co-conspirator was quickly overcome by his sexual excitement as he watched Costa unfasten his trousers to release his bulging cock. Zoe was so engrossed in what she was doing to Adam that she remained unaware of what was going on until she felt the tip of Costa's cock pressing gently against the crack at the top of her butt.

Zoe shot a look of wide eyed shock at Adam, but could tell immediately how turned on he was by what was happening. Her feeling of vulnerability only added to her arousal and she made no resistance as Costa slid his cock slowly downwards, nudging gently against her anus, before carrying on its downward journey. Her legs parted slightly as he teased at her clit with his helmet, his shaft pressing between her pussy lips.

The sound of a buzzer broke the moment. "That will be my last customer wanting to pay" said Costa, hastily trying to stuff his rock hard member back into his trousers. Zoe stood up, her whole body trembling. Without a word being exchanged Adam took her hand and pulled her to him, lifting her dress and lowering her down onto his eager cock. She was so wet he slid easily into her up to his full length. For a moment they held the position, neither of them moving, just enjoying the sensation. Zoe then began to very slowly rock her hips back and forwards, generating movement for both of them without losing the sensation of Adam being deep inside her.

This is what they were doing when Costa returned. Without batting an eyelid he told them that all of the other customers had now gone, and asked if they would like to stay or get a lift back to the apartment. Neither of them hesitated in expressing the desire to stay. With a sardonic smile Costa signalled to them to follow him. They both did so unquestioningly. Call it charm, charisma, magnetism, whatever - Costa certainly appeared to have a way of getting people to do what he wanted. Adam and Zoe intuitively recognised this. What they were unsure about was what he actually did want.

He led them to a locked door down the corridor where he had made his passes at Zoe. With a flourish he turned the key and threw the door open, ushering them in. They both just stood there staring. They were clearly not Costa's first "guests". The room was fully equipped for just about every sexual appetite.

"Welcome to my room of pleasure" smiled Costa "We can all have a lovely sexy time here, but there is one rule I must ask you to respect."

"Sure" said Zoe, speaking for both of them.

"You must do all that I tell you. If you do not want this I will get you a ride back, and we will be friends still."

Adam and Zoe looked at each other. They both wasted no time in not exercising their better judgement, and nodded their agreement. "Excellent. Now let's start with you Adam. Take your clothes of and put them on that chair." Such was Costa's control of the situation that Adam didn't hesitate and very soon he was standing there totally naked, his erection pointing straight outwards. Costa murmured his approval and reached out to grab the base of his shaft.

Adam looked shocked for a passing moment, but made no protest as Costa started to rub up and down his length. Zoe stared wide-eyed at the sight of her naked husband getting a hand job from this complete stranger. Slowly Costa guided Adam backwards until he was standing directly underneath a low beam in the ceiling. Ordering Adam not to move he went to the wall and selected a pair of wrist cuffs attached to a velvet rope. Returning to Adam he bound his wrists, then raised his hands above his head, before looping the rope through a hook in the beam. Adam's cock was twitching as he stood there, naked and vulnerable.

Costa bent over and gave the tip the gentlest of licks before turning his attention to Zoe. Manoeuvring her so that she was standing a couple of feet in front of Adam and facing him, Costa went and stood behind her. Pressing close against her he ran his hands down her bare arms and onto her hips. Slowly he started to ease the hem of her dress upwards, gradually revealing her upper thighs and neatly trimmed pussy to Adam's gaze.

Adam's sense of powerlessness as he watched Costa continue to pull Zoe's dress up and over her head served only to heighten his sense of arousal, and he ached to feel some sort of physical contact on his throbbing erection. As yet there was no indication that this need would be met as he watched Costa start to nuzzle at Zoe's neck as his hands started to wander down over her now naked body, teasing her breasts until her nipples grew into hard little buds.

One hand continued to pinch at her nipples, right at the threshold between pain and pleasure, while the other one traced downwards over her stomach towards the top of her pubic mound. Once there Costa hesitated briefly before one finger began to rub in circular motions around Zoe's clit. Adam couldn't take his eyes of the sight of his wife, her eyes closed and her mouth half open as her breath came in more and more urgent gasps, being taken to an inevitable climax by the obviously skilful fingers of their new acquaintance. When it did arrive her whole body shuddered with the force, and her knees buckled. Costa allowed her to fall to the floor so that she was kneeling right in front of Adam.

Grabbing a handful of her hair he forced her head forwards until Adam was entering her open mouth. At the point where she would normally have eased her head back again he simply kept forcing it forwards so that she had more of him in her mouth than she ever had before. Just as she was on the point of gagging he pulled her back. Adam almost whimpered with frustration as Zoe was pulled away from him. Costa silenced him with a finger to his lips and a look that allowed for no discussion.

Taking Zoe by the hand he led her across the room to a pole running from floor to ceiling and made her kneel with her back to it. After carefully and deliberately selecting a set of shackles from the racks on the wall Costa chained Zoe's wrists to the pole behind her back. He then selected what appeared to be a custom made blindfold that allowed him to chain her head to the pole as well as plunging her world into darkness. Adam watched all of this, knowing that he should be appalled, but unable to deny how much it was exciting every sexual fibre of his body.

Zoe was also feeling a sense of arousal such as she had never known. The situation they had found themselves in combined with Costa's charisma and casual air of dominance combined to bring her to a point where she felt continually on the verge of orgasm. By this point only Adam out of the two of them knew for certain what was going to happen next as he watched Costa unfasten his trousers and ease them down his hips, allowing his impressive erection to spring free of the confines of the tight material. Making sure that Adam got an unobstructed view he pressed the tip of his helmet against Zoe's lips. For the briefest of moments she kept her mouth closed, before parting her lips to allow him to ease inside. As he thrust his hips slowly back and forwards Zoe used her lips and tongue to increase the pleasure she was giving him.

A small part of her still felt appalled at what she was doing, allowing herself to all intents and purposes to be used as a sex slave. However the greater part of her was more than content to take pleasure from completely giving up control, something that would normally be completely alien to her. Such was her desire to please that she felt disappointed when she felt Costa pull away from her.

Unable to see what was happening she strained to try and hear what was going on. Adam on the other hand had a perfect view of Costa's erection swaying slightly as he walked towards him. Costa held his gaze until he was standing directly in front of him, their faces and cocks almost touching, then with a grin he turned Adam round to face the other way.

Even though he had a shrewd idea what was coming next, Adam let out a small gasp as he felt Costa's hardness pressing up between his legs against the base of his balls, while at the same time his fingers traced down over his abs before one hand wrapped round his aching shaft. Costa began to wank him with slow, firm strokes of his hand. At the same time he was grinding his hips, rubbing himself against Adam. Almost imperceptibly he adjusted his position so that he was now pressing against Adam's anus, nudging gently at the opening.

Apart from the odd gasp from Adam Zoe had no idea of what might be going on. This did not prevent her pussy from increasing its level of dampness even further, or her nipples from remaining achingly hard. In spite of himself Adam was now rocking back and forwards in time with Costa's nudging, feeling very worried and vulnerable but also undeniably aroused. In fact so aroused that he was now on the brink of coming. Which was exactly the moment that Costa chose to stop what he was doing. He was evidently a master at anticipating other people's impending climax, and took great delight in delaying their gratification.
