 Sue said Colin from work had organised a night out. Colin had the hots for Sue, so I thought I would give him a bit of space to enjoy her company, so I stayed in the flat working on the computer. It was about one in the morning when I heard voices. I was in the study, surfing the Net! I got up and looked out of the door. I saw Colin helping Sue in the front door, closely followed by two other guys. I assumed they were Colin's mates. I remained quiet deciding to watch and see what was going to happen. 

Sue took off her coat and sat down on the couch near the far wall from my vantage point. I turned the lights of quick. The was now dark and I only had the door open a little so they could not see me. I watched Sue sit down on the couch and almost immediately Colin sat down beside her. The other two sat on this side of the living room. I could tell she had had quite a bit to drink as she was not too careful how she sat down. Sue's not a big drinker, so gets tipsy very easily and Colin knew this only too well.

Sue always looks good, but when she prepares for a special occasions, she is something else!! She had on her short black leather skirt, a black see through clinging top, with buttons up the front and a black shimmering bra which displayed her breast to full effect. She crossed her long sensual legs and her skirt rode a little higher. From my view point, and I'm sure from Colin's mates view points, the soft white skin that was visible told us that she was wearing stockings. The high heels completed the picture of a very very sensual, sexy and teasing woman! 

I heard Sue say, "Stop that Colin. I could see that Colin had his arm around her shoulders and was trying to kiss her. But Sue kept pulling back. Suddenly Colin pulled Sue towards him and covered her mouth with his. I could see him force his tongue into her mouth. As my wife was trying to pull away from Colin her legs came apart exposing her white panties. I could see her silky panties from where I was standing and his two mates would be getting a good view of her little pussy through the almost transparent material. As Colin was holding Sue in a tongue probing kiss he moved his hand down the front of her top. I could see him squeezing her tits. When Colin finally broke the kiss and let her breath, I could tell Sue was taken aback by his forcefulness. She tried to get up, but Colin held her down. Then I saw the other two move to the floor. One on each side of Sue's legs. When she saw this she tried to close her legs, but they each held her knees apart. Her legs were wide open and her skirt pushed to her waist. 

Again Colin grabbed Sue and kissed her hard pushing his tongue into her mouth. As he did he pushed Sue back against the back of the couch until she was almost stretched out with her legs almost off the edge of the couch. One of the guys on the floor reached up between her legs and pulled her panties to the side. Then he pushed his fingers into her juicy, open and defenceless pussy. He began stroking her juicy cunt lips. I heard Sue say, "No, no, Colin please no, what will R..." I could see Colin had pulled the buttons of her top of her baring both tits. His mate grabbed the flimsy material of her bra and removed it in one. Sue gasped! Her pink erect nipples were getting hard as Colin and his mate began sucking on them.

Sue's eyes were wide in expectation as they pulled her panties off and exposing her beautiful pussy to all of them. In spite of her half hearted pleading they pulled her down onto the rug. Two of them held Sue's hands above her head making her tits stand up even higher and as they help her secure, they pulled her legs wide open. Colin had undressed in a flash. His manhood was hard and thick. Sue looked at his monster as he knelt between her open legs. I heard her say, "O No...!" as I saw his cock sink into her tight pussy. I could see that in spite of herself, the sucking on her tits and fingering of her pussy was having it's effect.

I could see Colin's cock forcing its way in. Sue gassed aloud as he thrust in hard and deep. Again and again he pounded her pussy, he had waited a long time for this!! I saw Sue relax and succumb to the ravishing, her mouth open and her breathing was fast as it is when she is about to climax.

"Fucking beautiful!!" he rasped as he shot his cream deep into her belly. He pushed deeper to ensure ever last drop was spent. As Colin pulled his cock out and I could see the cum running down the crack of Sue's ass. Sue lay there open, wanton and fucking gorgeous! Colin's mates were both naked and one of them quickly took Colin's place and eased his cock into her. I noticed now that they were no longer holding Sue's legs open, they just stayed that way. He fucked her for about twenty five minutes, both moaned with pleasure before he shot his load into her. I saw Sue cum about three more times. Colin was now at the side of Sue and had taken her hand and placed it on his growing monster. Sue eagerly held it and masterfully wanked the beast.

The third guy was not satisfied with Sue's spread open legs. He pushed her legs up till her knees were touching her tits. That gave him a straight down shot of her wide open pussy. As he was fucking her he saw his mate put his cock against Sue's lips. He took a handful of hair and guided his swollen member into her mouth. Sue is a fantastic cock sucker and I could see be the look on his face, it wouldn't be long before he cum. 

This was a dream come true. Watching the fucking, sucking and wanking was heaven. I removed my cloths and walked into the living room and stood over my fantastic Sue being wanton tart. I smiled at the boys and nodded for them to continue enjoying her. Slowly she opened her eyes. Her eyes flew wide open when she saw me standing there. She stopped sucking and released the throbbing cock from her mouth. She said she was sorry, she couldn't stop them. Listening to her trying to speak between the thrust of her fucking was such a turn on!! I said yes I know I saw the whole thing. Then her expression changed to bewilderment. "Why... didn't you ... stop ... them from...Fucking... me? I told her because I enjoyed the show. I told her to remember back when I suggested I'd like to see another man fuck her and she said it could only happen in a fantasy. Well it just did happen and I can't wait till the next time. 

Her eyes closed as the third load of hot cream cum pumped into her deeply. As he rolled away from her Sue opened her eyes and looked at me, "pervert!" she smiled, "what next time?" I told her we'll think of something as I eased myself down on her and took my turn fucking her. She was so hot, she couldn't stop me and didn't want to...