 "Ready?" James asked.

She couldn't imagine how the night could get any better. Dinner and dessert at her favorite restaurant, a moon lit stroll... perfection. 

"Open your eyes!" He had led her into their bathroom, where he had prepared a candle-lit bubble bath. She'd never seen so many bubbles; they were positively spilling out of the tub. "Get in and relax, I will be right back."

She tested the water with her toe. It was perfect. She slid in and let out a deep sigh, feeling completely enveloped in warmth. She closed her eyes until heard his footsteps. He reappeared with a tropical mixed drink for her. His eyes twinkled as he handed it to her. She took a sip and closed her eyes again, savoring the moment. She made a small noise of protest as he took the glass from her, but she obliged, keeping her eyes closed. She heard the small click of a bottle being opened, then felt his strong hands on her scalp, massaging as he washed her hair. He knew that having her hair washed was very relaxing to her. She felt the tension in her body begin to melt away. "This must be what Heaven feels like," she thought to herself.

His hands expertly kneaded her scalp, neck and shoulders until she felt completely calm and at peace. Then he presented her with a small tray that held her favorite soaps. "Stay here and relax for a bit, I will come back in later to help you dry off." She carefully bathed herself. She loved the way this soap smelled, and she wanted to make sure she used enough that the scent would linger on her skin. After she finished, she simply laid there, letting it soak in. Just as the water started to cool a bit, he was back. He took her hand and helped her step out of the tub, carefully drying her with a large, fluffy towel. She was not used to this much assistance and was surprised at how much she enjoyed it. As James dried her hair, she wrapped her arms around him and kissed him deeply. She was taken aback when he stopped her. "Not yet" he whispered. 

After she was dried, he pulled something out of his pocket. "I want you to wear this for your next surprise." She unwrapped the small gift, revealing a silk blindfold. She was confused, but the rest of the night had been so amazing she could only believe that this was the start of something equally wonderful. He helped her put it on. "Can you see anything? Be honest."

"Nothing at all." she replied, holding her hands out to try and regain her bearings.

"Good, follow me." He took her hand began to walk. She knew the layout of the house well enough to know he had led her to their bedroom. He gently laid her down on the bed. The feeling of the soft, cool sheets on her bare skin was wonderful. "Please raise your arms up" he asked softly. She felt cool silk wrapping around her wrists. He was tying her to the bed. This was not something they normally did, so now she was really curious as to what he had in store. 

"Try to get free." 

She moved her arms, but it didn't work. "I can't."

"Good." He replied. Though she couldn't see him, she could tell from his voice that he was grinning. She felt his hand trace her collarbone, softly and slowly. He began to kiss her neck. She had been waiting all night for this, his hands felt so good. A small moan escaped her lips. He leaned up and kissed her lightly on the forehead. "Don't go anywhere, I will be right back." Don't go anywhere? How could she? She had to admit that she was getting a bit frustrated at this point. The whole evening had been so wonderful, why start teasing her now? She strained to hear what was going on. Nothing for a few minutes. Then some small sounds. A door opening? The closet? She heard a drawer slide open and the sound of someone looking through it. Footsteps came toward the bed and she felt a light tickle on her side- feathers! He must have gotten into her drawer of toys and pulled out the tickler. He lightly traced up and down her thighs, around her stomach. She could feel his breath on her. It was amazing how heightened her other senses seemed now that sight was taken away. 

She felt a soft kiss on her thigh. His face felt smoother than it had before, had he shaved? The thought of him running off to quickly shave while she lay there blindfolded and tied to the bed amused her. The thoughts of amusement left her as the kisses moved. She felt a finger slowly trace the crease between her thigh and her pussy, followed by a warm, wet mouth gently probing her. Her breath caught- it felt amazing. His fingers gently drew her swollen lips apart to allow him better access. He softly licked and sucked at her. She began to moan. She wasn't sure if it was the heightened senses, or the restraints, but something about this felt different. "Yes... don't stop" She sighed. She was already close to the edge. She bucked her hips against him as his technique continued to surprise and delight her. She was unsure where he'd learned these new tricks, but they were certainly having the right effect on her. Her moaning grew louder and louder until she screamed out, her body shaking uncontrollably. A soft chuckle of appreciation came from between her legs. She felt the blood drain from her face as she realized why it felt different. It wasn't James's voice. She struggled against the restraints. 

She felt a hand on her shoulder and heard her James's voice. "Shhh.... I'm right here. Everything is okay."

"What is going on?" she stammered. She was confused. Had she had too much to drink and imagined someone else's voice? He kissed her softly and she began to relax. Then it dawned on her. When he kissed her, he didn't feel shaved. The face between her legs did. "Who is in here?! I want to know what is going on!" 

"I think it is time for your final surprise, my love." James whispered, as he removed her blindfold. Her frightened eyes searched his, trying to find some hint as to what was going on and why. It was then that she noticed. Standing at the foot of the bed was Sean. She'd often fantasized about him, but here he was, actually in her bedroom. She looked again at James and he smiled tenderly. "You talk in your sleep, Love. At first I admit, I was a bit jealous, but then the thought of you with another man started to excite me. I've seen the way he looks at you, so I asked if he'd be willing to help me make this night special for you." He untied her restraints. 

"Are you sure?" 

He held her face in his hands and looked into her eyes. "I'm sure. I love you more than anything else, and nothing pleases me more than seeing you be pleased." 

She turned to face Sean, unsure of what to say. She had a sudden fear that this was all just a dream, too good to be true. What if she woke up? She threw her arms around Sean and kissed him passionately. The sensation was completely different than she was used to. He had a totally different taste, scent, and feeling than James. The newness excited her. He held her against him as she looked back at James, who gave a nod as if to say, "Go ahead." 

If this was her night, she was going to make the most of it. She kissed Sean hard, pushing him back onto the bed. She tore at his clothes, wasting no time in removing them. Their hands explored one another as James looked on. He rarely saw her so animal, he loved it. She focused her attention on the new cock she had in front of her. James kept himself trimmed, but Sean was completely shaved, which intrigued her. His penis was a bit longer than James's, but not as thick. It was also arrow straight. James had always joked that his was "curved for her pleasure." She lightly ran her hand down the length of Sean's throbbing member and placed the tip between her lips, wondering how it would feel to have him inside of her. He writhed in pleasure. She had always enjoyed giving oral; it was fascinating for James to be at this vantage point, seeing how he must look when she took him in her mouth. 

James shifted around uncomfortably. His own cock was stiff and in need of some attention, the absent-minded stroking he'd been giving it while watching her go down on Sean was no longer satisfying enough. He positioned himself behind her and began to massage her clit. She moaned, which Sean clearly appreciated. She was still soaking wet from the thorough tongue-lashing Sean had just given her. James positioned himself behind her and slipped his thick, hard cock into her hot, wet pussy. 

"Yes!" she cried, throwing her head back while continuing to stroke Sean with her hand. 

"How does it feel to have two cocks at once?" James asked. "I bet you love it, don't you? The way you make all those cocks so hard for you."

"Mmmm..." she sighed.

"Would you like to be filled with two at once? Why don't you wrap that pretty little mouth of yours around Sean again?" That was all the coaxing she needed. As James slammed into her, she worked back and forth on Sean, taking in as much of him as she could. Soon they got a rhythm going. 

Sean was still in awe of what was going on. He'd never dared hoped he'd have a shot with her, let alone while James was there too. The build-up was becoming too intense "I'm almost there." he panted, running his hands over her breasts.

She immediately took her hands and mouth off of Sean. "Not yet. Not until I am ready for you to." She sat back a bit and met James's thrusts; he was getting close too. "Come on baby," she cooed. "I want you to come on me" A few more pumps and she could feel James getting ready to burst. She quickly turned to face him and stared into his eyes as he pumped his hot seed onto her neck and chest. She lightly ran her fingers over it. James kissed her on the head and handed her a towel. She carefully cleaned herself, then turned back to Sean. "How are you feeling?" she asked.

"A bit left out to be honest with you" he chuckled. His erection had started to drop a bit since she'd turned her attention from him.

She smiled. "Well I couldn't let you go off before I had that gorgeous dick of yours inside of me, now could I?"

Sean swallowed hard. He didn't dare hope that he'd get to actually fuck her. What would James think? He shot a nervous glance over to James, who winked at him. "What kind of friend would I be if I just invited you over to watch me fuck her and not let you in on it?" James asked. 

She smiled mischievously, as she straddled Sean. She wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him. "First I want you to use that mouth of yours a bit more." She whispered, lightly brushing a hardened nipple over his lips. He gladly obliged, taking it into his mouth and lightly nibbling. She threw her head back and moaned in delight. She began grinding herself against his smooth cock as he continued to suck and nip at her gorgeous tits. Her moans turned into excited squeaks. James had to laugh as he watched how worked up she was getting. Sean paused to look at her and she placed her hands on his chest, pushing him down so he was lying on the bed. She ran her hand up and down his cock, then positioned herself over him and slowly eased herself down. 

She placed her hands on his shoulders and began to slowly rock back and forth, gradually taking his entire length into her until she could feel her clitoris resting against the base of his dick. She moved slowly and deliberately, up and down, front to back, moving her hips in circles. "You feel amazing" She sighed.

"So do you" he replied. "I love watching you ride me." She continued slowly, feeling another orgasm build as her clit rubbed against him. She began to moan a bit more and pick up her pace. The faster she went, the better it was for Sean. Soon she was moving wildly, bouncing up and down hard and fast. 

"Yes, I need cock so bad! Fuck that naughty little pussy while he watches. Fill it up!" Just as he was unsure he could hold out any longer, she let out a loud cry. "I'm cumming!" 

Her uncontrollable movements sent him over the top, and his hands gripped her hips and held her on as he came inside of her. She leaned down and kissed him gently. "Thank you." 

She eased off of Sean and looked toward James, who was smiling proudly. "And thank you too. This was the best part of the evening, I hope we can do this again sometime."

James and Sean's eyes met and they smiled. There would definitely be more evenings just for her.