 I had been trying to get home to LA, for a visit. But, circumstances continued to conspire against me, and I had to put my trip off repeatedly. To my delight, one of my oldest friends was going to be coming to my new city! She is an actor in LA and she was coming to Vancouver, because her new boy-toy was from here and wanted to show her around his hometown. They were staying at one of the better hotels down town and we met for drinks after they checked in. After Cassinia and I greeted each other with enthusiastic hugs and kisses, "Cassie! I'm so glad to see you, I've missed you so much!" I said happily. 

"Ronnie!!" she yelled. "Oh my GOD, you look HOT!" We just stood there and grinned at each other.

We are almost complete opposites in appearance and demeanor. But we think very much alike, and have had some intense life changing experiences that bond us very closely. At 5' 4", Cassie has always envied my height of 5"9". But, I have always admired her luxurious, butt-length raven ringlets. She is of Black Irish decent with large dark eyes and beautiful skin having a slight olive cast. People tend to forget her actual height as they are bowled over by her gorgeousness and enthusiasm. She was looking hot herself in black leather jeans, high heels and a silver halter top that clung in a sexy, almost liquid way, to her firm 34C breasts. 

I must admit though, that I was looking pretty good. I had dressed to go dancing and was wearing tight, candy apple-red shiny vinyl pants, and a black top that had only three skinny leather straps across the back. The top showed off my 36DD breasts and the pants exaggerated the length of my legs and toned butt. In contrast to Cassinia, I have hair that changes color with my mood, currently being flaming red and big, bright green eyes. My skin is very pale and I often wear black to emphasize the contrast

Cassinia and I met at a boarding school, and throughout the years, I had heard many versions of Cassie's feelings about her sexuality. At this point, she is "mostly" hetero. I have always been very heterosexual. Several years ago, we had an intense conversation about the fact that, if I ever wanted to experiment, she wanted to be first in line. I was flattered, and told her that although, I was pretty sure I never would if ever the issue came up, I'd let her know. Now, in my late twenties, I was feeling that I had spent all my youth working hard and not playing enough. And this particular night, I was feeling reckless.

After a second, she glanced behind her and gestured, "This is my boyfriend, Jeff and his friends Christophe and Matt" I looked to the three guys behind her to see three Hollywood pretty boys. All tanned skin and chiseled physiques with faces that were beautiful and totally masculine. Turned out in the latest LA styles, they were a remarkable sight. Inwardly, I groaned, thinking, "There goes any hope of intelligent conversation...I hate actors...." My thoughts must have telegraphed across my face because Cassie grabbed my hand and whispered in my ear "Oh they're not that bad, and one of them can even spell his own name!" We giggled and started toward the bar arms wrapped around each other, leaving the boys to follow. 

"Oh well," I thought, "if I'm going to be bored, I might as well drink." As we reached the bar, I caught the eye of the handsome bartender and asked for "A double black Russian, please." He merely arched a brow and began to pour my drink. Cassinia was drinking martinis with her harem and we chitchatted about the differences between Vancouver and LA. 

Before long, we all had nice buzzes going and I suggested we move to the club. Everyone agreed, and we hailed a cab to one of the downtown dance clubs. Cassinia and I love to dance and we usually end up with an audience. The boys were good dancers and we had a great time dancing and drinking the night away. As the night grew later, the sexual tension was snapping amongst us. We stumbled back to the hotel and sprawled all over Cassie's room. To continue the festive mood, someone opened the bottle of Champagne the management had sent in homage to Cassinia's minor celebrity status.

Between the booze and the sexual electricity, we had all gotten pretty friendly and were draped over one another carelessly. Cassinia and I were entwined on the love seat with her boy friend Jeff next to us, on the floor. Christophe was hogging the bed and Matt was trying to find glasses for the Champagne. Cassie said "Hurry up! I'm thirsty!" and then just grabbed the bottle from his hand and began to drink. She drank too much, too quickly and the Champagne began to spill everywhere as she laughed. "Cassie!" I began disapprovingly, but then we caught each other's eyes. Holding my stare, she dared "Well, then help me clean it up." I felt a corner of my mouth lift in response to her challenge, leaned forward, and began to lick the Champagne from her cleavage. 

I slurped, licked, and sucked the cold moisture from her skin. I was balanced precariously while I was doing this, so when she grabbed my face in her small hands, swiftly pulled me to her mouth, I fell across her, and got myself soaked in the puddle of Champagne. But, I was lost in the hottest kiss I'd ever experienced. Our mouths ground against each other as our tongues danced and teased. Slowly, I became aware of movement at my back, and realized that while Cass and I had been kissing, Jeff had taken her leather jeans off and was between her thighs beginning to lick her pussy. I had to pay attention though, as she kissed and bit a trail down my neck while she unclasped the straps of my top. I reached to her neck and untied hers, as well, then we both peeled off the cold, sticky Champagne soaked garments and threw them on the floor. 

Her hands began to caress and squeeze my tits and I buried my face in her hair to nuzzle her neck. One of her hands ran down my naked back to squeeze my ass, she held me to her while she struggled one handed with my zipper. Suddenly, I felt another pair of warm hands on my skin helping her with my pants. I looked up through the tangle of her hair, and it was Christophe. He grinned at me, slightly shy, saying softly " I hope you don't mind..." in his faintly accented voice. I just smiled my assent and went back to kissing Cassinia and exploring her skin with my tongue. I was trying to help them get my pants off, when I lost my balance and fell off the couch into Christophe and Jeff. When we sorted out the tangle of limbs on the floor, I ended up on my back with Christophe between my legs enthusiastically licking my shaved pussy. Cassinia slid down from the couch to join us, but Jeff turned her around and began slowly fucking her from behind as she bent over the seat of the couch. 

Abruptly, my vision was blocked by a hairy thigh as Matt brought his nice long dick toward my mouth. Eagerly, I began to suck and lick the length of him. Meanwhile, Christophe had three fingers slowly working in and out of my dripping pussy and he seemed to have three tongues as well, because it was everywhere at once- in my pussy, swirling around my clit and occasionally, tickling the soft whiteness of my inner thigh. About the same time I began to have that fluttery pre-cum sensation, I heard Cassinia go off like a fire alarm and Jeff joined her complimenting her screams with soft gutturals. It sounded so hot, that I came on Christophe's tongue like a geyser. Next, Matt let out a strangled "Oa-oh, Veronica... I'm cumming...." And a load of creamy cum slid down my throat as I continued to suck every drop he had from him. 

Everyone collapsed onto each other for a minute. But it wasn't long before fingers and tongues started to find sensitive spots to touch and taste. Cassinia and I drew together again, like magnets. Kissing passionately, I loved the feel of her warm, soft skin under my hands. Her body was responding to my touch so much differently than a man's would. She melted into my hands as I melted into hers. Her stiff nipples brushing mine, and causing electric tingles, as we explored each other. I slid my hand down her flat stomach to her pussy and felt the wet mess of her cum mingled with Jeff's. I slithered my middle finger gently into her pussy and began to work my hand against her clit. She groaned into my mouth as I inserted two more fingers. Cassinia put her hand on my wrist to make me stop what I was doing, and I looked at her in surprise. She didn't say anything; she just turned herself around underneath me so we were in a sixty-nine. Although, I was hot for her, I wasn't sure I was ready for this....


Gingerly, I started to lick the insides of her thighs and the outer lips of her neatly trimmed pussy. But, the way that she expertly licked and sucked my clit while twisting my nipples just hard enough, had me nearly over the edge in about five seconds. And I couldn't help but dive into her cunt. I stuck my tongue into her sweetness as far as I could. I was beginning to understand why men loved to eat pussy so much. I ravenously tongued her cunt and sucked on her clit. I was absorbed in my newfound pleasure when I felt a blunt, prodding at my pussy lips. I assumed it was Christophe, as the other two were now, sitting on the couch slowly stocking their cocks to the sight of Cass and I tongue fucking each other on the floor. I had not even seen Christophe's dick, so I had no idea what to expect....

It's a good thing I'd already cum twice because without all that extra lubrication, I don't think he ever would have fit inside me! Slowly, slowly he inched his huge rod into my aching cunt. Filling me so full of cock meat, I thought he might tear something. But, having such a gigantic fuck stick inside me was a turn on all it's own. Cassie's tongue was still flicking at my clit and I exploded in a wracking orgasm. I frantically worked Cassie's cunt to bring her along with me, she came gushing her sweet juices all over my face just seconds after I finished. 

Christophe stopped his thrusting for a few seconds allowing me to recover. Then he hauled my limp body around so that I could ride him on the floor. From where we were, I could see Cass lazily jerking off Matt and Jeff while they watched us. Matt got up, saying, "I want to try something..." as he knelt down between Christophe's legs. Matt put his hand on my back to push me down over Christophe's chest. "I've always wanted to do this." He said, as he concentrated on trying to ram his cock into my tight little star. I said, " Uh, I don't know..." but was more turned on by the idea than I was willing to admit. I tried to relax as he slowly forced his thick 9 incher into my sensitive hole. "Oh my God" I breathed, barely able to believe I'd gotten both their cocks in my fuck holes. They started to move in a slow rhythm that felt divine. I was in heaven; it couldn't possibly get any better.

But, it did. Cassinia decided she wasn't going to be left out of our little party, so she straddled Christophe's face. This way she was facing me and we could kiss and lick and suck each other's tongues and tits. And before long, Christophe started moaning soft and low, he grabbed my hips and began to slam my cunt with bruising strokes of his monster cock. Suddenly, he held me still while he bucked into me and came, muffled by Cass grinding her pussy into his face as she started to cum. Matt was still behind me with his dick in my ass and picked up, where Christophe let off. Ramming his meat into my tight ass, the three of us came almost at the same time. I was so turned on by the whole situation; I just kept cumming and cumming. I'm sure they must have heard us in the lobby, 30 floors below. 

The best part is, they're here for another 5 days...