 Brian, Jesse, and I have been friends for well over a decade; we came out of high school at the same time, they as a couple and me looking, as I am still.

Brian and I are alike in stature, slightly over 6 feet and 200 lbs. Jesse is a petite blonde bombshell with a runners body and hair that reached her middle back. The thing is though, she bugs me.

With flashing wit and relentless sarcasm she seems to delight in making fun of me from my choices in women to the last haircut I got that turned out rather choppy, and every chance she got she would smack me across the back of my head, either with her hand or "accidently" with her elbow.

One night we were sitting around their dining room table playing cards and listening to some good blues music when she got in a particularly good zinger on me, then proceeded to get up she elbowed me in the back of my head.

"Oops, sorry." she laughed as she glided past me to freshen our drinks.

I looked at Brian and shook my head. He was laughing out loud when she came back to the table with the drinks. We were catching a bit of a buzz with the killer weed we were smoking.

"You know." I said looking directly at her. "One of these days you are going to earn a spanking so sound you won't be able to sit for a week."

"Oh yeah?" she replied defiantly. "I dare you."

Standing again she stuck her tongue out at me and walked the long way around the table to avoid me.

"I'll even let Brian watch because I know how much you bug him too." I called after her as she went into the kitchen to get some munchies.

"Oh BoodilyHoo" she called back over her shoulder as I watched that fine ass shape shift the back of her skirt.

A few minutes later she came back with a bowl of chips and set them down just out of Brians' and my reach.

"Mine." she laughed as she danced back towards the kitchen, stopping for a second to once again slap the back of my head.

Screw it, I thought, and spinning my chair on one leg I reached out and grabbed her around her slim waist. Pulling her between my legs I locked her to me.

"Beast." she laughed as I looked over my shoulder at Brian. "Do you want to move your chair so you can get a better view of this buddy?" I looked at Brian inquiringly as I held his squirming girlfriend against my crotch and smacked her once on a full, round ass cheek.

She jumped at the gentle smack, rubbing her leg against my stiffening cock, but was more surprised, I think, at Brians' reply.

"Hell yeah I do." Was all he said as he moved his own chair in front of us and sat leaning forward.

With my legs wrapped around hers and my left arm holding her arms against her body I took my right hand and slowly moved it to the hem of her skirt.

"The only good spanking is a bare bum spanking." I said watching Brians' face for a reaction as my fingers started to raise the hem of her skirt.

He smiled and nodded. That was enough for me.

"Hey!" Jesse cried, laughing, when my hand rudely pulled her skirt up over her hips. She tried to push it back down but her trapped arms offered limited movement. "Don't! Stop!" "All right." I pretended not to understand her. "I won't stop." I then reached my right arm around her body to take her right wrist in my hand and deliver it to my left hand. Holding both her wrists in my left hand now I returned to her ass with my right and finished lifting her skirt over her full hips.

She wiggled against my control but was powerless as my thumb hooked the waistline of her panties and began to pull them down to expose her full, ripe bottom.

"You are going to let him do this?" She raised an eyebrow at Brian, still laughing and struggling, causing the bulge in my jeans to expand. I knew she could feel it against her leg and enjoyed that thought.

"Hell, I may help him." Brian grinned as he watched her struggle in my arms.

With a resigned sigh Jesse stopped struggling so much, but continued to rub my crotch, still teasing me.

"I guess after all these years of my abusing you, you do deserve a time of redemption."

My heart raced as I let go of her wrists and reached to hitch her skirt further up her hips. I then released her legs from mine and pulled her panties all the way down to her knees. Grasping her torso and her legs in my arms I lifted her onto my lap with her legs dangling to the floor and her arms over the other side of my lap. Totally exposed to my view for the very first time I paused to admire her, rubbing my rough hand over first one cheek and then the other. Her skin seemed to glow white under my hand while I rested my left arm across her back, my fingers brushing against the fullness of her breast.

Lifting my right hand from her I brought it down lightly on her right cheek, not hard enough to leave a mark, but hard enough for me to watch it ripple and move.

My cock was really beginning to throb. Caught between my leg and the hardness of her stomach I knew she could feel the heat of it against her.

I raised my hand and brought it down. I struck with a sharp slap before continuing in an arc to come back to her other cheek in an upward motion. This was hard enough to make good noise but not to leave a handprint.

I felt her wiggle on my lap when I said "I am not going to hurt you much Jess, but by the time I am finished your ass will be rosy red and hot to the touch."

She looked back at me and actually smiled shyly. "Ok." was all she whispered.

I started bringing my hand down in a rapid pattern, lightly slapping in a circular motion until I began to see both cheeks start to redden. Jesse sighed gently when I rested my large hand on her cheeks and stroked, letting my pinkie finger slip down the crack of her ass to her slightly parted legs.

"Not too bad so far is it?" I was curious as to how far I could go as my hand continued to caress her cheeks. 

"Nope." she murmured.

Suddenly I brought my hand up and brought it down with a sharper slap, making her jump in my lap slightly while I enjoyed all the sensations; from the sound to the sight of her quivering cheek and deepening redness.

Bringing my hand back I moved it with a little more force, contacting both of her cheeks at the same time and moving her body across my legs as she pushed against the floor with her toes.

This made me harder, feeling her body move against my cock the way it did. "Hey Brian" I called. "Did you like the way her body moved with that last smack?"

Brian nodded his approval while watching my hand massaged her reddening butt. "It gives me an idea actually." He said as he rose to his feet unbuckling his belt.

Jesses' eyes widened while she considered what he might have in mind with his belt in his hands.

"I don't want to strap her, man." I declined quickly

He laughed. "No." he said. I have something else in mind. How about this? I fuck her mouth while you drive her into me with your hand?"

Jesse said nothing while I considered, finally saying "It is ok with me if it is ok with Jesse."

With her right hand around my ankle and left around the chair leg I felt her start to push herself up. "Really?" She breathed. Suddenly lowering her voice she said. "Yes please, but first." She then pushed herself off my lap and stood. Positioning herself so she could see her boyfriend she lowered her panties all the way to her ankles and stepped out of them. She then undid her skirt and let it drop too.

"Those were uncomfortable." she informed us before starting to move back to my lap, in the process giving me a glimpse of her totally hairless pussy.

I stopped her with an upraised hand. "In that case," I reached for the top button of her blouse. "Those buttons and that bra are uncomfortable on my lap.

She giggled and said. "Not to mention you jeans zipper Tim. We may as well get really comfortable."

We finished undressing each other as Brian looked on approvingly. I then sat back down in my chair and guided her back to my lap. This time there was nothing between my throbbing erection and her naked skin and it thrilled me.

My right hand went back to her ass with a quick slap. She gripped my ankle and spread her legs at first contact. I could now stroke all of her and took advantage while Brian watched us with his cock in his hand.

I ran my left hand down the center of her spine while my right hand reached down to one knee and back up as I raked my nails lightly up her inner thigh. I flattened my palm against her hot skin and pressed my finger against her soft pussy lips.

I felt the hardness of her back muscles tighten when my hand brushed her pussy lips. She was wet against my fingers already. I twisted my hand between her legs so that I could get a finger or two inside.

Feeling her shudder against my legs I pressed my fingers into her wetness. My knuckles spread her lips easily. "Oh my." She sighed as my middle fingers explored her pussy and my thumb pressed against her ass hole.

Brian watched my hand in his girlfriends' pussy with interest as I drew it out and started spreading her juices on her cheeks. "This may sting a little more." I told her before raising, then bringing my hand down.

A loud ringing slap filled the air along with her deep intake of breath. I had left a good handprint this time, though it took a moment to appear. I moved my hand back to her pussy, rubbing vigorously and reaching for her clit.

Looking up at Brian I smiled. "There is just one more thing I want to do before moving on to your plan." He nodded wordlessly as I widened my legs for better support and reached my left hand to Jesses' cheeks. I held them apart while sliding my fingers inside her wet honey pot, then leaning in, I spat on her asshole.

She gasped as my thumb began to massage it into her little hole, lubricating it even more. I then slid my thumb slowly inside her while at the same time I fucked her with my fingers.

Jesse didn't seem to mind the intrusion of my hand into both her wet holes so I stroked her insides for a few minutes, first fingers in her pussy, then sliding out while my thumb entered her beautiful ass. She sighed deeply while digging her fingernails into my leg.

Taking my hand away from her I looked up at Brian and brought my fingers, drenched with her juices, to my mouth and licked them clean.

He smiled when I said. "Oh man she is sweet." Nodding his head in agreement as he stepped towards her face.

I shifted my legs again; reaching under her I took a breast in my hand as she reached for Brians' knees to hold her up slightly and opened her mouth to him. He slipped the head of his cock past her lips and raised one hand to me as a signal for me to hold back.

I stroked Jesses' ass and pussy while Brian positioned himself. He then took Jesses' face in his hands and slid a little deeper into her mouth and nodded to me.

Jesses' head was tilted back so I knew he was going to have good access. I moved my hand back and then swept up in one motion. Striking her ass with a loud slap I watched her lurch forward with a little help from my legs moving with her, lessening the force of this spanking.

I let my hand stroke and sooth her ever reddening cheeks before moving it back for another strike. This time I slapped her lightly while moving my legs to the left and driving her mouth onto his cock and her nose into his stomach.

I held her there and could tell she was swallowing the head of his cock into her throat. I let my fingers go back inside her pussy and felt her shiver again against my legs.

Moving her away from the base of his cock I gave her time to breathe while I finger fucked her, listening to her moan against his cock while my own was dripping juice between my body and hers, making greasy contact.

My fingers sliding out of her pussy, she moaned louder. Knowing she was going to be fucked slowly and carefully she was fully drenched now. I brought my hand back for another pass, ringing it sharply off her cheek I moved my legs again and she took all of him.

With Brian fully inside her mouth and throat I began lightly spanking again, working at bringing heat to her ass and inner thighs without causing too much pain. She turned a nice shade against the ministrations of my hand while the fingers of my left hand gently pinched and pulled her nipple.

"One more, a good one just like the last one and then you can give her a try." Brian said looking down at Jesses' reddening cheeks and legs.

I moved my legs back so she could suck on his head for a little bit. I then spread Jesse even wider. She looked so good on my lap with her boyfriend in her mouth I wanted to make her cum, so I drove my fingers into her, my knuckles widening her as I alternately entered her pussy and stoked her clit.

She began to moan louder and move against my hand of her own accord. Hungry for it, she began to inhale Brians cock as her pussy tightened around my fingers and her orgasm began.

Feeling this, I quickly moved my legs without spanking her, keeping my fingers inside her instead. I moved her body with my rhythm, sliding Brian down her throat as my hand pressed hard inside her.

I could feel her orgasm taking her, gripping my fingers as she shook her head back and forth on Brians cock. 

She pushed against Brian and lifted her head away from him so she could scream "Oh fuck yes!" Humping and bucking her pussy against my hand before collapsing completely.

My hand and leg was soaked with her, so I used her own juices to sooth her hot red ass cheeks in gentle circles. Looking up I asked Brian. "So what did you have in mind?"

Kneeling, he took Jesses' face in his hands and kissed her slowly and deeply while I rubbed her sore cheeks. Breaking the kiss he looked at me and said "Well buddy, I was thinking I would fuck her and she could blow you for a while. If you stand I can drive her into you the same way you did for me."

The room was beginning to smell of really hot sex, with three bodies sweating with excitement and exertions. I stood Jesse up and guided her between my legs, looking her up and down. She blushed suddenly when my hands pulled her to me and I kissed her breasts, going from one to the other with my tongue flicking and licking each nipple in turn, making them achieve incredible hardness.

"Sounds good to me man" I answered, still kissing her hot flesh. "But first there is one thing I want." Standing, I turned her in a little dance until her back was to the chair. "I want to taste more of this spicy slut." I told him as I sat her down and spread her knees.

Kneeling in front of her I lifted her legs over my shoulders and she obliged me by moving to the edge of the chair.

I moved my face to her sweetly glistening pussy. Flicking my tongue out I lapped her glowing thighs, moving from one to the other to lick her cum from her before concentrating my attention to her pussy.

I licked up the entire length of her slit as she grasped the back of my head, holding me there. My tongue worked between her lips and went as deeply as it could inside her. Pressing my face I mashed her lips with mine and then began shaking my head back and forth gently, making contact on her clit with my nose.

Withdrawing my tongue I took those puffy lips of hers into my mouth, sucking as my nose continued to rub her clit, and then reaching over her leg I moved my hand to her clit, pinching her distended button between my fingers while sucking and pulling on her lips.

Jesse moaned when I suddenly released with my mouth but not with my fingers. I had her clit isolated now and could see it glisten in front of my eyes. I flicked my tongue across it making her squirm before I removed my fingers and sucked it hard into my mouth.

"Oh fuck!" She cried while my tongue made a tour around her overly sensitized nub. My lips spat it out and sucked it back in before I once again plunged my tongue inside her pussy.

I held my face against her for a few moments more, drinking in her juices and coating myself with her essence.

Brian stepped up to the side of the chair and reached for Jesses arm. Looking at my wet, grinning face he said. "Come on Tim, its time to fuck the hell out of this slut."

Removing Jesses' legs from my shoulders and then using her knees to stand, I leaned in for a kiss, Letting Jesse taste herself on my face, before rising to take her other arm and help her to her feet.

Brian moved the chair out of the way, making room for Jesse to kneel and spread her legs for him, as he knelt behind her stroking his cock, and I stood in front of her stroking mine.

Jesse reached for my cock and pulled me closer. Looking back at Brian she instructed. "Slowly, and at the same time please. I want to taste his pre-cum." while squeezing me from the base of my cock to make another drop appear at the tip.

She leaned her face to the drop and licked as while Brian moved in behind her. He pressed the head of his cock against her wet, puffy, lips while she licked the tip of my cock. Looking back she told Brian. "This slow." Then proceed to wrap just her lips around the head of my cock and stop.

Her lips were incredibly warm and soft. With one hand on the base of my cock and one hand on the floor Jesse began to slip her tongue around the head of my cock and begin to coax another drop onto her tongue.

Slowly she started sucking harder while twirling her tongue she began drawing me in.

Her mouth was hot and moist as I stood watching her boyfriend start to fuck her. Glancing down I saw she was looking up at me and knew instantly that she liked having me watch her getting fucked while she sucked my cock.

I Reached down and gathered all her hair in my hands. Pulling it taut I then carefully began to spread it out on her back. "I want to watch it get soaked." I tell her when I stand up and take her face in my hands again.

She began to take me in and I looked up to see Brian watching me with his girlfriends' mouth around my cock, about halfway down the shaft, and my hands holding her head. I grinned and said "We should start fucking her now." I began to push her head away, withdrawing from her mouth until I was just touching lips.

Brian got it immediately and slowly withdrew as well. Looking him in the eye we then, just as slowly as the first time, slid our cocks back inside, just as far as we were before and then a little further before slowly drawing back out.

On the next stroke in we went all the way and buried ourselves. We did it as slowly as the other two times and I looked into Jesses' eyes as her boyfriend and I filled her. I felt her tongue stretching out as I entered the back of her throat and pushed her face against my stomach, my balls against her chin and her nose just pressing into me.

I felt her hot saliva drip down my balls when she opened her mouth wide and shook her head against me, driving me even deeper. Finally, she closed her mouth and began to swallow, the vibrations of her moan adding another dimension to what was happening to my cock.

The feeling was incredible. My cock was wrapped in waves and vibrations until she slowed and stuck out her tongue, licking my balls before slowly begin to push me away.

"I am ready now." She looked behind at Brian, still buried inside her. "Let me get him in before you start fucking."

He nodded and held her hips in his hands while the front of his, I am sure, felt the heat of her spanking still radiating from her glowing cheeks.

She took my cock in her mouth again, sliding me deep inside before stopping. I watched as Brian drew out and slid back in quickly, driving her face into my stomach and balls with an audible smack.

Jesse moaned against me when I went all the way into her throat and then back out a bit as Brian withdrew for another stroke.

I held myself against her with my hands on her head before I released her and just watched, feeling the heat of her mouth and action of her throat.
