 (Please note: I almost submitted this story under "romantic." It is about people who are in love but share an experience of lovemaking with others who are in love.)

*

Ron and Helena waited expectantly as the door of the small commercial plane opened and the passengers began to descend. Nobody interested them until they saw their old friends begin to come down the stairs. It had been ten years since they had seen them. Reassuringly, they looked so much the same after all these years. 

As Brad and Alicia came through the door into the lobby, Helena came running up to Alicia and almost knocked her over with her enthusiastic hug. Meanwhile, Ron had approached his old college roommate and was as unreserved in his greeting. And Brad and Alicia were clearly as enthusiastic about seeing them. Each repeated sentiments like "Oh, God, it's so very good to see you!" They had been such close friends in their college days. 

All four were exceptionally attractive. Ron was now 32, 6 ft. tall. His sun-bleached blond hair betrayed his love of the outdoors, as did his tan. He and Brad had been on the track team together, and both men had managed to maintain their trim muscular figures through various workouts. Brad, was a little shorter, 5' 10", but equally as handsome. With dark brown hair that had obviously been styled and expressive dark brown eyes, his general appearance had the effect of turning many women's heads. 

And the two women were also exceptional: Helena was the slightly taller of the two at 5' 9". Her naturally blond hair and her deep blue eyes were admired by most men, and her breasts were a nice firm B+. Her figure was hardly that of the average 32 year old. Flat stomach, beautiful rounded ass, long perfectly shaped legs. The phrase "a natural model" was not hyperbole. And her friend, Alicia, was equally as attractive. A striking brunet who often made older men think of the young Elizabeth Taylor. Indeed, her lovely face ( halloed by her jet black shoulder-length hair) and her stunning figure (enhanced by her size C breasts) made her as lovely as any movie star. Each woman had the creamy clear skin that most women envied. 

These two couples had not seen each other since their double wedding. Now their 10h joint anniversary was approaching, and they would be reunited for it. Oh, they had clearly intended to see each other often when they parted all those years before, but with one couple living on the East Coast and the other living in California, it just had not happened–in spite of all the calls and Christmas cards that ended with "We just have to get together. It has been too long." Even as their lives continued to be parallel in some ways (both couples successful in business, neither couple with any children, both couples enjoying a happy and fulfilling marriage), they did not have the opportunity to be together again. Now the reunion had finally come with the week-long visit which would climax with their joint 10th anniversary celebration near the end of the week. 

The many exclamations of joy and friendship having been exchanged, the two couples headed for Ron and Helena's home. And the week went very well. There were many local sights to be seen, there were many old times to be remembered, and there was an obvious conviviality to be enjoyed. All too quickly, the week moved toward the end, and the planned anniversary celebration. 

On the anniversary, the four friends enjoyed a leisurely day before the two couples retired to their separate rooms to get ready for an evening out. And when they came back out, it was clear that anyone who saw them that evening was going to be impressed. Ron looked especially handsome in his tuxedo, and Helena wore the light blue gown that enhanced the perfection of her figure even as it seemed to make her hair almost glow. The halter top caressed her breasts like tender hands and as she walked, her perfectly manicured toes peeked out alluringly from the matching blue dress sandals. Although married for ten years, Ron felt his desire stirring. He had never ceased being aware that the ancient Greek seductress for whom Helena was named could not be more perfect. 

When Brad and Alicia came into the room, even their old friends were impressed. Brad looked like one of the models in a tuxedo rental catalogue. And Alicia was breathtaking in her strapless silver gown. Her jet black hair was falling over her perfect white shoulders, and the cleavage under her necklace gave a clear hint of the exquisite boobs that were below. The grown seemed made for her, enhancing her figure in many clever ways. And as she walked into the room, it was clear that even her small feet enclosed in matching silver sandals were just by themselves enough to give many men a moment of fantasy. No wonder that Ron realized that it was not just his own wife that he found stunningly beautiful that night. 

It turned out to be a perfect evening. The lovely French restaurant was one of Ron and Helena's favorites, and the owner was prepared for them, knowing that it was to be an anniversary celebration. A special table, sinfully delicious food, great wine, romantic music, and even slow dancing. Nothing failed to measure up to both couples' criteria of perfection. 

Arriving home, they realized that it was time for the private party that they had planned. It began with the opening of a big bottle of champagne, accompanied by the observations that "maybe we have had a bit too much wine already tonight." But then they sat down on the two sofas that faced each other and took several toasts: to continued happy marriages for both, meeting much more often in the future, and gratitude for the many joys that they had shared together both in the past and during this marvelous week. 

After each couple sincerely expressed joy in the gift received from the other, they began to talk about their college days, as they sipped more champagne. Naturally, the subject eventually turned to the double dating of those days. So many times they had gone out together. So many times that had gone "parking" or to some secluded spot to top off the evening. And so many times they had been near each other while both couples were making out. 

At first, it was only heavy petting, but gradually it was obvious from the sounds and movements, that the couples had progressed beyond just petting. Each couple could hear the moans of pleasure ("Oh God, yes," Wow, that feels nice") that came through the darkness or semidarkness. And when it was not fully dark, they could see occasional movements and flashing glimpses of bare bodies caught in the throes of passion. It was evident as they double dated and the months turned into years, that although not planned, each of the couples found the near proximally of the other couple a real turn on. 

Now as they talked about some of those dates many years ago, the combination of the wine and the erotic memories was having an effect. A close look at the crotches of both men revealed partial erections. And the women were looking a bit flushed, their nipples obviously getting hard. That is when Helena said, "I have to admit that those double dates became the basis for often turning me on when I remembered how we had fucked so near to each other. I remembered things like glimpses of Brad's ass as he pumped into my moaning friend. That was hot!" After a short pause, she added, "And I have to admit, that I still enjoy those memories." 

After a moment of hesitation, Alicia injected her thoughts: "Crap, you are not the only one. I will bet that all four of us have been turned on by fantasizing about those memories. Come on, Guys, admit that I am right." The shy looks on the two men made it clear that Alicia was right. 

"Well, I admit," said Alicia, "that even just talking about it now has really made me horny. Maybe it is the wine and the memories that are making me so bold—-and be sure to tell me if I am way out of line–-but we obviously are all soon going to our bedrooms to make love. Instead,, for old times sake, let's make love together in this nice big living room." 

The silence that greeted Alicia's words lasted only about five seconds, but seemed much longer. Finally, Alicia began to apologize, saying, "Hey, I am sorry! I shouldn't have...." But Helena interrupted her: "Hey, I am going to be honest! I am not shocked at the idea. We've basically seen each other doing it in the past anyway, and I think all of us would admit to having enjoyed it. So, to tell the truth, well..., I have to admit that I find the idea rather exciting"

Helena looked at the men, obviously expecting a comment. The guys looked at each other and then Brad spoke: "Ok, I can't say I wouldn't love to have you guys present when Alicia and I make love. However, I want to make it clear that the rules are that we can do anything we want with all four of us present, except any exchanging of partners. From our conversations this week, it is obvious that all of us are proud of having remained faithful to our marriages. I am sure that nobody wants it to be any different. But for old friends to share their joy in the same room—well, damn it, why not? It could be very nice–-and exciting."

Having made his speech, Brad looked expectantly to Ron, and was pleased to see that Ron was smiling rather sheepishly as he nodded his head. The tents in the pants of both men were now very obvious, and the girls were perceptibly turned on. After they looked at each other for about ten seconds, Helena took the initiative and filled the glasses for each. Her toast, was "Here's to deeper friendship and wonderfully exciting sex." 

As all four finished the champaign in their glasses, Helena walked over to the dimmer switch and turned the lights to a romantic level. She said, "We don't want it to be in the dark anymore, I assume," and she offered a sly wink to the others. They instantly nodded their affirmations. 

Each man took his soul mate and sat with her on one of the sofas. Ron reached over and took Helena in his arms and pulled her into him. He kissed her lips with an obvious tender expression of love, before pressing his lips much tighter on her mouth and pushing his tongue against her already opening lips. Her mouth was always so sweet. And their tongues danced together in the age-old rhythms of passion. 

Ron now kissed Helena's left ear and gently whispered, "Oh, Baby, I still absolutely adore you. You have been making my blood boil all evening in that outfit." Helena's answer was to hold him even tighter as she felt all the signs of passion rising within her. She felt him gently kiss her neck and shoulder, even as his left hand gently glanced against her left breast. It was still like a pleasant electric shock whenever he did that. And as he took hold of her tit and gentle squeezed it, she could only moan in anticipation. 

On the other sofa, Brad and Alicia were well into the often rehearsed and beautifully executed erotic quest, a well choreographed dance of passion between two old lovers.. He, too, had kissed his partner deeply and murmured the often-heard, but mysteriously ever-new, words of love to his beautiful partner. He too had first brushed his hand against one of her precious tits. He too had heard her sighs of anticipation. And as he began to kiss the tops of her breasts, his eyes strayed to the other sofa, where his friend was just reaching up to undo the clasp on the halter of Helena's dress. 

Brad waited for a moment for the anticipated revealing of her tits---remembering the fleeting glimpses he had enjoyed all those years ago. And as the halter fell he realized that, although smaller than his wife's lovely treasures, Helena's tits were breathtaking. Almost no sag, flawless complexion, upturned nipples---softly pink, surprisingly large, and already very hard and pointed. They were an even more delightful sight rising softly up and down on the heavily breathing Helena. The vision made him even more anxious to free his own wife's tits from their captivity. 

Even as Helena felt a renewed sense of pleasure as Ron began to play first with her nipples and then her full breasts, she was conscious of looking over at her friend, as Brad began to work on Alicia's tits. She watched in fascination as her friend's huge boobs came into view. She had seen them before, of course, both on the double dates and occasionally when they had shared the shower at the college gym. And she had always been fascinated by such a perfect pair---he large, firm globes, the incredibly dark large nipples with the half-dollar size areolas. She was not envious, being satisfied with what she knew were her own lovely tits, but she was fascinated---especially as she watched Brad first admire them, then softly kiss them, and finally take them into his hands and suck on the nipples. She realized that her panties were already soaked.

Alicia, was breathing hard and feeling sensations all over, as she always did when Brad played with her tits. She took hold of the back of his head and pushed his mouth into her, even as she was watching Helena's tits getting much of the same treatment. God, her friend was a drop-dead gorgeous woman. She knew that seeing Ron play with her friend's tits was adding even more to the always exciting sensations of having her boobs adored and played with. "Oh, God," she softly moaned, as she watched Ron first bend down and pull Helena's dress up enough to expose her feet and then kiss them, before gently removing each sandal. 

Then she watched her friend stand up in front of Ron. She could see that it was adoration as well as lust involved in the look that Ron and Helena gave to each other as she stood there. "It is great to fuck when you are really in love," she thought. "All four of us have been lucky enough to experience that all these years." 

As Ron looked at his incredibly gorgeous wife, he realized that the years had done nothing to make her less desirable. Every time he made love to her, he though "I am just one lucky son of a bitch!" And that was true now as he saw her standing before him as he sat on the sofa (an old "friend" that had been the scene of many lovemaking sessions). Eagerly but lightly, he put his arms around her waist and took hold of her nice ass, feeling his cock strain even more against his pants. Pulling the zipper down, he began to work the dress down over his wife's hips, and she then let it pool to the floor before stepping out of it. 

Now she stood before him dressed only in the beautiful see-through, lacy panties that he loved. He could see her full, golden bush behind the teasingly thin blue nylon. "My God," he though, "will I ever get used to seeing that?" Having reached out and made his wife completely nude, he pulled her pussy next to his face by again taking hold of her firm, rounded ass.

As Ron had begun to pull Helena's panties down, he had taken a moment to look around his wife at Alicia standing in front of Brad, as her husband was also beginning to pull her panties down. "Wow," he thought, "what an incredible sight!" Tall statuesque body, beautiful long jet black hair, and long lovely legs. He watched her panties go down revealing an ass any man would dream about, and he felt an incredible surge of erotic energy as he watched his friend kneading those lovely cheeks. The two beauties were both standing nude in front of their husbands, who were lustfully and adoringly kissing their stomachs and bushes while reaching out and enjoying their beautiful asses. 

The two husbands' minds seemed to work together, as each stood up and began to take off his clothes. First, the jackets were discarded and then nimble feminine fingers helped each man get rid of his shirt. Those same fingers were soon at work on belts, and pants were soon dropping to the floor and being stepped out of. Each woman then sat back on her sofa and kissed the tent that was sticking out in front of her. Each said something to the equivalent of "Yes, Baby, that is perfect" before reaching out and pulling the briefs down. Each watched the freed rod bounce as the waistband was pulled over it and then settle to full attention, pointing right at its intended target. Ron's was the shorter: 7 inches long, but very fat; also uncut. Brad's was obviously longer: clearly over nine inches. Both of them were throbbing monsters in front of the two beautiful women. And each woman loved what she saw. 

Ron was about to begin kneeling in front of his wife when he realized that Brad and Alicia were coming over to their sofa. It was Alicia who spoke: "We want to be over here where we can be closer together and see better." And she sat down beside Helena. What a sight: Two absolutely stunning beauties sitting on the same sofa, with the handsome hunks standing in front of them with cocks standing straight out and hard as steel. Each woman looked at both cocks with admiration and the guys could not believe how stunning the two women were. 

It was Ron who first kneeled before his wife, and Helena in anticipation spread her legs for him. Their moves were soon imitated by Brad and Alicia. As Ron looked at the marvelous trimmed blond pussy of his wife, he also stole a glance at the trimmed dark bush of Alicia. The excitement of seeing both pussies together almost made his head spin. He winked at Alicia, who was stealing a fascinated glance at his very hard, fat seven inches. . That only made her even more excited to look back at the throbbing huge rod that was right in front of her. 

Both men began to kiss the thighs of their wives, and the women began to breathe even harder, developing a glassy-eyed look. As Ron's tongue reached out and lightly touched the golden pussy of his wife, Helena actually gasped and moaned. Her reaction was noticed by Alicia, who looked over at her friend and winked her approval–-just as she felt her husband's tongue do the same to her with the same reaction on her part. Now the two old friends looked at each other with an incredible sense of shared joy. 

Brad's tongue was now licking his wife's dark snach even as he was reaching up and playing with one of her tits. He always loved to do that. His wife was loving both: the feeling of his tongue on her pussy and his expert hands playing with her very sensitive tits in just the way that he knew drove her crazy with desire. And when he reached up with his tongue and began to lightly lick her clit, she let out a loud moan and pushed her pussy into her husband's eager mouth. And she was also playing with her free tit, squeezing it and pinching the nipple. She knew by Helena's moaning and gasping that Ron was also using his mouth on Helena in a way that her friend enjoyed. 

"Oh, God," Helena almost screamed. She could feel Ron tongues penetrating her and then his fingers finding her G spot. She always loved that, but Alicia beside her being eaten by Brad---that really made it special. She realized that she was more excited than she ever remembered being before. And both women knew that they were going to be sharing an orgasm in a moment. Each now had her legs back, watching her husband dive in with full excitement. Each felt the sensations that made them moan and lick their lips. Each woman felt the realization that she was going to share something with her friends that she had never shared with anyone but her husband. 

And it began for both of them. As the loving attention of their husbands continued in earnest, they both felt the incredible tingling sensation that began literally in their toes and crept up along their legs into their spines. And each felt the sensation arrive almost like fire to her pussy. And each began to say things like "Oh, yesssssssssssss! Godddddddddddd! Don't stop. Just don't stop! That's it, right thereeeeeeeeee. Fuck, shit, God; it's GREAT!" And each began to buck her hips wildly and pull her husband's head even closer to her pussy, and finally wrap her legs around his head, screaming something like, "Oh, God, oh my God, it's perfect–PERFECT," even as she thrashed her head from side to side widely,. 
