 Sarah felt a tingle of excitement as she ushered him into her house and led him by the hand up the stairs towards her bedroom. This wasn't the sort of thing she usually did and she told herself this was just a one off, a chance to work off some of the sexual frustration she'd been feeling all week. It felt pretty good to be doing something that was so unlike her though. 

He was one of the most beautiful men she had ever laid eyes on and he'd been so charming and so funny at the party. With a tinge of embarrassment she realised that she didn't even remember his name, but she knew that she wouldn't forget his warm brown eyes or his muscular, tanned forearms that she'd spent so much of the evening staring at. 

She was an attractive woman and she was used to receiving plenty of attention from men, but this time she'd been the one doing the pursuing. She'd been surprised when he'd reacted so positively when, at the end of the night, she'd suggested that maybe they could take a cab back to hers. 

As they reached the top of the stairs she suddenly realised that she was about to have her first ever one night stand. The thought sent a thrill all the way through her body and the sense of anticipation grew within her. 

Together, they fell through the door into her bedroom. Without speaking he put both of his hands on her hips and thrust her up against the wall before bringing himself in tightly against her body. She could feel his excitement pressing against her as he pushed his hips against her. She now knew that he wanted her just as badly as she wanted him. She could feel her own excitement increase as she became aware of the wetness inside her. She wanted him inside her, but she also wanted to have some fun with him first. 

He began to passionately kiss her exposed neck and shoulders and his fingers started to eagerly explore her body. He slid one hand under her tight top whilst his other hand slid beneath her short skirt and then moved slowly up to the top of her inner thigh. 

She gradually pulled away from his kisses, placed one hand on his chest and slowly but firmly pushed him away from her. 

"Slow down, beautiful." she whispered. 

"I want you to fuck me, but I want you to watch me play with myself first." 

His expression told her she would have an attentive audience and she gave him a sly smile in return. 

Sarah walked over towards the bed and with him facing her, sat down on the end of it. She then motioned for him to stand at the end of the bed. "No touching." she whispered. 

She placed one hand behind herself on the bed to help her balance and leant back so that she could bring both knees up in the air. She placed her feet on the very edge of the bed and gradually let her knees spread apart. Her skirt rode up her thighs and she knew that he would now be able to see her skimpy silk underwear. He could also see a thin line of glistening moisture that had begun to appear between her legs, betraying the wetness beneath. She planned to make him wait a little while longer before he could experience this with anything other than his eyes. 

She slowly ran her fingers down her leg, across her inner thigh and then gently traced the line of her wetness with her index finger. She could clearly see the outline of his cock straining beneath his trousers as he watched her every movement. 

Urged on by her apparent power over him, she slowly slid two fingers underneath the seam of her knickers and gently touched herself. She was surprised by her own wetness and let out an involuntary groan as she stroked her smooth, swollen lips. She removed her fingers, gripped the edge of her knickers with her hand and pulled them to one side to expose herself fully to him. She lay back on the bed and spread her knees further apart and with her spare hand she gently teased apart her glistening pussy lips. She tenderly stroked around her clit with two moistened fingers, all the time watching his eyes trace her movements, like a hungry lion watching its prey. 

She felt her pleasure building as she continued to play with herself in front of him, but eventually she slowed her finger movements and spoke again.

"Take out that hard cock of yours and show me how you like to stroke it."

He silently undid his belt and buttons to let his trousers fall to the ground. He then peeled down his tight underwear to expose his thick, rigid hard cock, which sprung up as it was released. As she excitedly slid two slippery fingers deep inside herself, she watched this beautiful stranger masturbate for her. With one hand he rubbed the head of his swollen penis using a large bead of pre-cum that had formed on the tip, while he rhythmically stroked his long shaft with the other. As she watched him jerk himself off she could see his cock continue to grow even harder and she longed to touch it herself. 

He stopped for a moment and took off his shirt to expose his toned torso and leave himself completely naked in front of her. His chiselled face stared intensely at her body and she knew now that she had complete control over this man for as long as she wanted. 

"I didn't tell you to stop." she purred and he re-commenced his stroking. 

She brought her feet together and lay on her back, lifting her legs straight up in the air to enable her to slide her skirt and knickers off seductively. She theatrically tossed them to the side of the room and parted her knees again to give him a full view of her beautiful, smooth pussy and the neatly trimmed landing strip above. She noticed that he instantly hastened his stroking.

She wasn't wearing a bra so she peeled off her tight top to expose her pert breasts and taut stomach, complete with belly button piercing. She beckoned him over towards her with a single finger and he quickly moved to the bed and brought himself down on top of her warm body. He lifted his right hand and caressed her face as he kissed her. Further down her body, she could feel the tip of his cock search for, and find, her glistening entrance. 

By now she desperately needed him deep inside her. She pulled his hips violently towards herself, feeling the head of his large cock penetrate her and then fill her completely. 

As he kissed her neck, she turned her head towards the mirrored wall and watched herself being fucked by a man she'd only met a few hours before. From this angle she thought his tanned, muscular body perfectly complemented her own taut, athletic body and the sight of their two naked bodies writhing on the bed together drove her wild with desire. 

He pushed hard against her and already that feeling of fullness was bringing her closer to climax. He kissed her neck ferociously as his strong hands squeezed her small, pert breasts. Her nipples hardened at his touch and as he began moving in and out of her more rapidly, she could feel her pussy tightening around his dick. 

He groaned with pleasure as she felt him begin to slowly pulsate within her. "I want you to come for me." she whispered. Seconds later, she felt him oblige her with an ecstatic explosion. The feeling of his thick, warm cum coating the inside of her, combined with his moans of ecstasy, brought her instantly to the edge of her own orgasm. Streams of pleasure began to spread throughout her whole body. As the feelings reached a crescendo, her pussy repeatedly contracted around his cock and she came harder than she had ever come. 

As her orgasm began to subside Sarah stared into his deep, brown eyes and they shared a long, lingering kiss. 

The two of them lay intertwined for several minutes afterwards, both exhausted from their lovemaking. As they finally slipped apart she smiled at him and said, "I think I might like to do this again sometime." He smiled back, kissed her on the nose and replied, "I think I'd like that too. How about tomorrow morning?"

She contentedly laid in his arms and gradually fell into a long, deep sleep. 

*************

From her dream-filled slumber Sarah started to become aware that she was being touched. As she slowly came round, the memories of the previous night's activities started to come back to her and she realised that the feeling that had woken her was that of a tongue gently lapping at her labia. She opened her eyes slightly to see a head-shaped mound beneath the sheets slowly moving between her thighs. A wet tongue was delicately tracing the line of her slit from bottom to top and very lightly flicking her clit each time it reached the top in its upward motion. 

She laid her head back with her eyes closed, slightly spread her legs and enjoyed the building sensation. She sighed with pleasure and let her body relax into its sexy wake up call. 

As she felt the tongue become more adventurous in its movements, she started to move her hips slowly against it to help steer it in the most pleasurable directions. This tongue clearly knew what it was doing and she could feel her orgasm begin to build. A single finger began exploring her wetness and then two. The fingers teased her g-spot with a beckoning motion and her hips tightened with pleasure as the tongue moved in a steady circular motion around her clit. 

As the feelings of pleasure grew deeper and deeper, she was suddenly jolted from her building orgasm by the bedroom door beginning to slide open. As she hastily grabbed the bedsheets to cover her naked breasts, into the room stepped the stranger from last night, naked and holding a bottle of champagne and some glasses. 

Her heart almost stopped. If the man from last night was standing in the doorway then who the hell had his tongue inside her??

Confusingly, the man smiled at the shocked and panicked look on her face and said with a chuckle, "I see you've met my girlfriend already then. I have to admit, I'd hoped the two of you might wait for me though!"

She flung back the sheet and revealed a stunning, petite brunette in her late twenties, who was completely naked. This woman was staring up at her from between her thighs with a mischievous look on her face. Sarah assumed that the brunette would stop at this point, but she instead gripped onto her waist more firmly with her hands and continued her licking motion. 

Sarah was wide awake now and in a state of shock, unable to quite comprehend what was happening. 

She pulled away from the brunette and gathered the sheets around her again. "What the fuck?" she asked, not really sure which of the two of them she was directing her question at. 

"Once you were awake I was going to explain that I'd called her and told her to come over this morning to meet you. It looks like she couldn't wait for you to wake up though!" the man said. 

"I couldn't keep you to myself when I knew she was at home, all alone, while I was here, having amazing sex with such a beautiful woman." 

"Have you never had a threesome before?" he asked. 

"No I haven't!" Sarah shouted. "And even if I had, I'm pretty sure I would have liked to have some say in the matter!"

"I'm sorry." said the man gently. "I hadn't expected things to get started quite so quickly."

"I just couldn't resist tasting her." the brunette said to the man as she delicately traced her wet lips with her fingers and then slowly licked each of them in turn. 

Sarah studied the brunette who she now realised was even more attractive than she'd first thought. She had ample, pert breasts and as she sat up on the bed with her arms around her knees, her hairless pussy lips were just visible, poking out from behind her feet. 

The man came over, sat on the bed between the two women and placed a gentle hand on her shoulder. 

"I'm very sorry we surprised you. I thought after seeing you in action last night that you were the adventurous type. You see, the two of us have an open relationship but if we ever find an amazing partner, we've made a pact that we'll offer to share our lovers. If you just relax into it, I promise you'll have an amazing time. You've already seen what she can do with her mouth and if you want it to stop at any point then you can just tell us." 

He smiled, "if previous partners are anything to go by though, I think you're more likely to be begging for more by the time we're done!"

He seemed to be treating this as if it were a perfectly normal situation, which it most certainly wasn't. However, something made her think back to how excited she'd felt the night before when she'd left her inhibitions behind and embarked on her first ever one night stand. Strangely she felt a faint tingle of naughtiness beginning to return again. 

She stared at the two of them and their sexy, naked bodies as she thought through her options for a minute. 

"Fuck it", she thought to herself eventually. "Why not try another new experience?! You only live once after all!"

"OK", she said out loud. "But if I tell you to stop, then you better had do!". They both smiled at her. 

She'd experienced sexual feelings for women before, but apart from an awkward drunken kiss with a girl friend at college, she'd never actually acted on any of these thoughts. If she had 'a type' though, the brunette in front of her would have been exactly it. Her smooth, soft, tanned skin was flawless and her large breasts with small erect nipples seemed to defy gravity. She had a long, elegant neck and straight, silky, brown hair that hung down over her shoulders. Her bright, brown eyes seemed to sparkle with mischievousness that was incredibly alluring.

The brunette got onto all fours and slowly prowled across the bed towards her. When she reached Sarah she began to sensuously kiss her neck. The man sat close by on the bed, watching the two women begin to explore each other's bodies with their mouths and out of the corner of her eye she could see his cock begin to harden. 

The brunette stopped her kissing, lay back on the bed and opened her legs to reveal her tight, pink pussy lips. "Now it's your turn to taste me", she purred. 

Sarah hesitated for a second before finally committing and bringing her head between the brunette's thighs. She extended her tongue slowly into the warm wet pussy in front of her and for the first time, tasted another woman. She didn't know quite what to expect but it was a delicate taste and was quite pleasant. The brunette's juices were plentiful and she drew her tongue out of her vagina and placed it gently onto the swollen, partially-hooded clit above, taking some of the juices with her to help lubricate it. She licked slowly around the edges of her inner lips and teased the hardening clit gently with the very tip of her tongue. The brunette moaned with pleasure and arched her back, pushing her hips forwards. 

The taste of the brunette was addictive and she found herself hungrily licking and lapping as she brought her hands up to squeeze her firm, warm breasts. Having had her own pussy licked so many times before, it felt good to use the lessons she'd picked up from previous lovers for what felt good. Judging by the sounds of pleasure she was hearing, she'd obviously been paying close attention. 

As Sarah continued to lick, suck and stroke his girlfriend, the man climbed onto the bed behind her and forcefully pushed her legs apart. She lifted her buttocks in eager anticipation, as his hands grasped her hips. He rubbed the tip of his thick, hard cock up and down her pussy opening a few times, to tease her and to get the head wet, before she felt him firmly enter her from behind. He felt even bigger than he had last night and as she relaxed into his thrusts, the feeling of being stretched by him was divine. 

With her tongue in a beautiful woman's pussy and a beautiful man's cock filling her own, she had never felt so turned on. Her own juices were now generously lubricating his cock and she could hear a delicious slurping sound as he rapidly thrust himself in and out of her. From this position he was able to penetrate her deeply and she could feel and hear his balls slapping against her with every inward thrust. 

He took hold of her hips and forcefully spun her over onto her back. He quickly re-entered her and continued to fuck her hard. His girlfriend came to her side and vigorously rubbed Sarah's clit with her right hand as her boyfriend's cock rubbed up against it. At the same time the brunette began playing with herself using her left hand. The two women's mouths met again. 

The man began to make louder and louder groans of pleasure as he fucked her. "Come all over us both, baby." moaned the brunette, who appeared to be close to a self generated climax herself. 

He pulled out of her pussy, came around towards the women's faces and with a few strokes of his hand he shot his load on the two of them. Thick streams of warm cum spilled onto Sarah's cheek and across the brunette's mouth. In that moment, she felt like a porn star and fully playing the part, she lapped it up hungrily and swallowed, before sitting up and wrapping her mouth around his cock to drain the last few drops of cum. 

"Oh fuck, that's incredible." he whispered, as she slowly squeezed his cock into her mouth whilst flicking the dripping tip with the end of her tongue. 

Having come loudly, in unison with her boyfriend, the brunette pushed her gently back onto the bed. "Now it's our turn to make you come." she whispered breathlessly.

Sarah lay on the bed in a heightened state of arousal, so turned on that she felt desperate to be touched, licked and fucked in every way imaginable. 

The man sat alongside her and began kissing her, whilst his fingers slowly and delicately danced across her naked stomach and thighs. The brunette joined in, kissing first her feet, then slowly moving her mouth up across her ankle and lower leg, climbing gradually to her thighs, until eventually, the brunette's head reached the centre of her most sensitive area. 

Sarah and the man started kissing passionately as the brunette's tongue began to explore her pussy again. Somehow, knowing it was a woman's tongue that was gently flicking her clit this time made it feel even sexier and she groaned with pleasure as she parted her legs even further. The man's hands reached her breasts and the feeling of having her body touched by two mouths and four hands was incredible. 

The brunette stopped her licking for a moment and lifted her head. 

"Where do you keep your toys?" she asked urgently. 

Sarah pointed to the bed side drawer where she kept her vibrators and other toys and the brunette leaned across and pulled open the drawer. She riffled through the drawer and took out a small "bullet" vibrator and a seven inch "rabbit". 

"I think we can have some fun with these!" she smiled. 

The brunette positioned herself between Sarah's thighs again and seductively licked the bullet, while maintaining eye contact. She then lowered the toy and gently placed it on her outer lips as she turned it on. The feeling of anticipation was lovely as the man continued to massage her breasts and sensuously kiss her neck. The bullet was drawn upwards and gradually approached the outer edges of her clit. The vibrations were starting to draw her closer and closer towards orgasm and the brunette seemed to sense this and in order to tease her, she moved the vibrator lower down again, occasionally dipping it into her wetness. 

After what seemed like an age of this constant teasing, the brunette sat back up, picked up the rabbit and turned it on. She leant back on the bed and spread her own legs apart before gradually sliding the large vibrator inside herself. 

"I want to make sure it's slippery enough for you." she whispered, smiling. She toyed her own pussy with it for a while and then slid it back out. It glistened with her juices. "Perfect!" she said. 

The man had moved his hand down to expertly stroke Sarah's pussy while the brunette's attentions were focused on herself, but as the brunette brought the vibrator back over, he moved his hand back to her breasts to leave the way clear for his girlfriend. The brunette brought over the toy and gently rubbed the end of it against her. 
