 As I watched her sleeping, her hair spread over the pillow around her and her breathing soft and easy, I resolved that I was going to give her the fantasy we had shared so often. Her mouth was slightly open, those soft lips parted just enough to see the white of her teeth, and I longed to kiss her. I would not allow myself to disturb her rest, she looked so warm and so peaceful it would have been selfish of me to wake her, but I smiled briefly as I imagined her kiss.

This would never do, I would waste half the morning sitting here staring and there were many preparations to be made if I was to give her the night I knew she wanted deep down. I stood up purposefully, and made my way downstairs. The birds were singing outside, it was still early enough for the sun to cast that pure morning light onto the dining table. Later, as the world began to wake and begin the daily grind to work the air would thicken with the pollen and pollutants, and the inane babble of traffic reports and pop music would disturb this natural harmony, but for now I could sit alone and enjoy the world around me. I sipped my tea, in between bites of the thick cut bread that was breakfast and thought rapidly. Taking a pen and paper, I began to write. 

"Good morning, my love. When you read this, I'll be out and about, running some errands for us. Today is going to be your day, and I want it to be special for you, so you must do some things for me. I would like you to go to the health club in town and take advantage of the things I have booked for you. The tickets are in this envelope, and you are booked in for a seaweed wrap (which I hope is better than it sounds), a sauna and swim, a full body massage and to have your legs waxed. Your friend is meeting you there at 10 am, so you'll have someone to keep you company and have a bit of fun with. I expect you home by 6pm, so you have time for a shower and to get a little dressed up before we go out this evening. Have fun my sweet, I love you." 

I signed the note, slipped it into the same envelope as the tickets and left it on the table. Shortly after, I left to begin putting the rest of the plan in motion.

As I drove to the adult shop, I was both excited and a little nervous. Although we'd both always had a terrific sex life, we had never had the need for toys and accessories that some people seem to live for; hence I had never been into a sex shop before in my life. Parking some distance away, I walked slowly across the car park towards it, trying to decide whether this was just a damn fool idea after all. Ah well, here goes nothing...

I needn't have worried. The shop was run by a middle-aged man, who seemed to notice my discomfort and did his best to put me at my ease. He showed me round, explained what a few of the more exotic items were for, and was obviously very proud of his wares. He talked openly about his customers without going into graphic detail, as he showed me though the videos and magazines section. Soon, I had lost the feeling that I was some seedy pervert engaged in the most sordid side of life, and was beginning to enjoy myself. I chose a lesbian video, a set of handcuffs and a blindfold and with a little help a vibrator that looked shockingly real. 

I decided against the huge "Monster Cock - it really cums" and declined the offer of a whip and dog collar, those were just a little too far I felt. I realised the prices were somewhat high, but then I guess he did have a captive market as he was the only sex shop in town. Grinning ruefully to myself, I handed over my credit card. As I waited to sign the slip, he turned away briefly, and then slipped something into my bag when he turned back. "Just a little lubricant, sir, never hurts to keep it around." I glanced at my watch, and I had been in here over two hours, so I thanked him and was on my way.

Next was the awkward bit. I dialled the number on my mobile, and waited nervously for an answer. Finally a voice answered, and I told them who it was. A long conversation ensued as I explained what I wanted, how I wanted things to work, when things would happen etc. The response was enthusiastic, and we agreed to meet for lunch to discuss things in more detail.

The rest of the day was a blur. Lunch went well, and we parted full of expectation for tonight. I shopped for some lingerie for her, which is something I've never had a problem with. I know what I like, and I know what she likes in general, and I had some specific needs for tonight. A front fastening bra was a pre-requisite and some fairly small panties, which tied together at the sides. The material had to be satin or silk, something sensuous against the skin, and she must be able to feel enough through the material, so no padding or fancy decoration. I picked up a new shirt for myself, black silk, and some very snug boxer shorts, then hurried home to lay things out for her.

When she came downstairs, she looked ravishing. Her hair tumbled over her almost bare shoulders; her eyes sparkled under some very light make up. Her lips were the pink of a blushing rose, whilst the strappy dress she wore clung just enough to show me the full curves of her body. The hem of her dress came to just above the knee, and my eyes travelled down her shapely calves to the delicate shoes with the heels high enough to accentuate the shape of her legs. God, she was lovely, and my heart was pounding thinking of her. She looked beautiful, and I loved the thought that she was so demure now yet later she would hopefully be screaming in wild abandon and begging for everything.

We went out to the restaurant, and met up with some friends. They were both very much in form, the wine flowed freely and the conversation was often hilarious. There was a sexual current in the air, and you could feel the charge of things in every glancing contact. The conversation got more and more risqué, with lots of innuendo and barely concealed flirting all round. She didn't know that I had set this up, that both of them were in on the act so to speak, but she was loving the attention. My friends had really made an effort, she looked ravishing in the classic little black dress and he was one of the best-groomed men I knew. 

My wife had never been with another man before, and certainly not another woman, but I knew she fantasised about both and I would often talk to her about it during sex to heighten her arousal. I winked at him halfway though the main course, and he knew what to do. He started to play with her feet under the table, slipping his shoes off to run his foot up her leg. She started for a moment, glanced at him, then at me. I pretended not to notice, deep in conversation with his wife, but I was fully aware of what was going on. When he winked back, it was the signal that she was responding, playing footsie with him. I smiled to myself; everything was going to plan.

We went on to a night-club eventually, where I took every opportunity to arouse her by whispering things in her ear that I planned to do to her tonight. I also had plenty of dances with his wife, or trips to the bar, or visits to the bathroom, knowing full well that he would be teasing her, playing with her, seducing her while I was away. On one such occasion, she followed me to the bar. "He's had a bit too much, he keeps trying to kiss me." 

I told her I knew, and she should go ahead and kiss him, after all there was no harm in it. "What about his wife, she'll go ballistic?" I told her it was his wife's fantasy to watch him kiss another woman, to make out with her for a while, as she watched. The penny suddenly dropped, I had set this all up. She kissed me swiftly, and returned to the table. By the time I got back, his hands were all over her, on her thighs, her back, brushing against her breast, and they were kissing deeply. She broke off to look up at me, a little apprehensively, and I mouthed to her over the noise "Wait 'til I get you home..."

Home we did go, a little later, and the four of us drank some more, played a few silly games and generally flirted more with each other. Finally I stood up and began to clear the table. "You better enjoy one more kiss, because this is the last one before I take you to bed." With that I walked out to the kitchen. She didn't need asking twice, when I came back into the room, she was pressed against him, their mouths desperately seeking each other, his hand kneading her breast through the material of her dress. She was making soft mewing noises, and I knew she was loving it. His wife looked up at me and smiled. She knew what was coming later.

I took her hand, pulled her to her feet and led her out. "See you both later, I'm off to sort this little lady out, I think she needs it by now" and we walked upstairs. My friends followed, and slipped into the spare bedroom quickly. Now my fun begins, I thought, as I closed the door behind me.

I stood behind her, slid my arms round her waist, and whispered right into her ear..."Are you turned on now, my love? Did it excite you, kissing him while I watched? Did it turn you on that she was watching, and that they are in there now, him fucking her, pretending its you?" She was breathing quickly now, and I could see her nipples poking through the fabric of her dress. "You know it does, God I'm so randy.." I ran my hands up to her breasts, cupping them so she could feel my palms brushing her nipples, and lowered my head to kiss her neck. She moved her hands behind her, running them up the sides of my legs. 

As I nuzzled her neck, her shoulder, her ear and her face, I moved my hands so my fingers were flickering over her nipples, and she arched her back to press against me. "Do you trust me?" I asked her, "Do you trust me implicitly?" As soon as she told me she did, I lowered the straps of her dress over her shoulders and let it drop to the floor. She stepped out of it, and kicked off her shoes, and then I laid her on the bed. I had already fixed the handcuffs around the headboard, so I pulled her arms up and clicked them into place around her wrists almost before she knew what was going on. She grinned wickedly, and I knew she liked them.

Taking off my tie, I moved down the bed and took one leg. I tied the silk around her ankle, and then threaded it around the corner post. Pulling tightly now, her leg pulled toward the edge of the bed and she moaned. I reached the other corner post, where I had left another tie secured to it earlier, and used this to tie her other leg, so she was left bound to the bed, legs spread wide open, in just her underwear. I could see she was getting excited as a small damp patch was spreading on her panties.

I got up, and she protested that I shouldn't go, to stay with her, make love to her, but I took no notice. I walked to the TV and video at the foot of the bed and turned them on, and immediately we were greeted by the sight of two women kissing. I knew she had fantasised about another woman, but would never go for it, so I knew this would turn her on even more. Now I moved back to the bed, and began to pay some serious attention to her body. I kissed her deeply, let my tongue play over her lips. I ran my hands over her body, her tummy, her shoulders, the tops of her thighs, playing at the edge of her underwear to excite her even more. 

I began to kiss her body, running my tongue slowly down her neck, in lazy little circles that looped lower and lower. On past her shoulder, down to her breast, as my hand pinched her nipple and tugged gently on it. Soon my tongue was on her nipple, though the fabric of the new underwear, and I flicked it hard with my tongue. My hand played with her breasts, then slowly slid down her tummy. I pressed my palm against her mound as she pushed up against it. My finger slid slowly over the folds of her pussy, sliding between them and pushing the damp material into her. I didn't dare touch her clit yet, as I knew she would be too close then, and I had so much more in store for her. I continued to rub at her, and moving my face backup to hers I whispered that I wanted her to take me in her mouth. 

"Oh Yes," she moaned, "I want to taste you now, I want to suck you into my mouth until you come all over my face." I needed no second bidding, quickly undressed and moved so I was kneeling by her face. It always turns me on so much that she gets so horny, and when she does she turns into a real slut for me, doing anything I tell her, using the dirtiest language and loving to be talked to in the same way. She slid her lips over my cock in one movement, and it felt so good I was dizzied for a moment. I looked down so I could watch for a few minutes as she closed her eyes and worked my cock with her mouth. Christ she was good, I really wanted to just let her carry on, and watch her drinking my cum, but then she opened her eyes. 

They were glazed with lust, the eyelids heavy as her hot breath blew against my balls and I remembered that this was her night. I reached behind me, opened the drawer with some difficulty and took out the vibrator. I pulled myself away from her mouth with real regret, and positioned myself kneeling between her legs. "Now, you have to promise me not to cum for at least ten minutes, ok?" She whimpered, told me she couldn't last that long, at which point I told her that if she couldn't promise then I would leave her there and go downstairs till she calmed down. 

She quickly changed her mind, and then I turned on the vibrator and ran it over her pussy. She jumped, although she was still wearing all her underwear, she obviously could feel everything through it, so I ran it over her nipples a few times too. Now it was time to step up the pace a bit. I pressed it directly against her clit, and ran it up and down over her slit, twisting it so it forced the material of her panties into her, then running up to linger on her clit again. I started talking, telling her I could smell her, I wanted to lick her, how my cock was so hard and I couldn't wait to fuck her, and all this time I was moving the buzzing toy over her pussy. 

"Do you need my fingers in your cunt yet? Do you need my tongue on your clit and my fingers working themselves inside you?" She cried out, "Yes, my God yes, finger my pussy, push your fingers into my cunt, I need to cum so much." This was the signal I had been waiting for, when she started getting louder, using this language, I knew she was too far gone to want to stop. I stood up, leaving the vibrator resting against her pussy, and walked to the door. I opened it, called out to the others, and turned to look back at her. She was shocked, she suddenly realised that I had called the other two to come into the bedroom, and here she was tied to the bed, spread-eagled and helpless with a vibrator buzzing away between her legs. There was real panic in her eyes, she began to protest as the others walked in.

It took a moment or two for them to take in the sight before them, but without hesitation they decided to take full advantage of the situation. She walked over to my wife, knelt beside her, told her how long she had waited for this and then kissed her full on the mouth. I watched her mouth cover my wife's, her tongue insinuated itself into her mouth, and could not believe how erotic it was. She broke the kiss, and stood up to face her husband. 

"I think you'll have to keep her mouth busy, to keep her quiet, while I decide what to do with the rest of her." With that, he quickly threw off his clothes, and made his way to the top of the bed. He gripped her hair, and offered his cock to her mouth, and after the briefest hesitation I watched my wife close her eyes, open her mouth and slide his cock inside. Meanwhile, her friend moved down to kneel beside her, and unclipped the bra. She beckoned to me, and I walked over to her. 

Wordlessly, in perfect unison, we both bent and took a nipple in our mouths, and by God were they hard. I spent a few minutes sucking on her nipples, looking up occasionally to see another woman sucking on my wife's breast and another man fucking her face. I was so hard it hurt, and I knew I wouldn't last long from then. I reached down to play with her clit, but there was already another hand there. She was fingering my wife too, and we both began playing, taking turns with her clit, pushing fingers into her, using her body completely. Soon, she took her clothes off too, so we were all finally naked, and she took her fingers from my wife's pussy and pushed them into my mouth. I suckled on them, tasting her juices, realising how slippery they were, and then she took her fingers and pushed them into herself! Again, she removed them and offered them to my mouth, and I licked them greedily. She tasted fantastic, sweeter somehow but not as light as my wife's juices. Now I knew what I had to do. 

I moved to kneel between my wife's legs, and told her friend to stand behind me, so she could reach round and masturbate me until I came all over my wife's pussy. I spoke loudly enough for my wife to hear, and then said that after I had cum all over her, her friend was going to lick my cum out of her. As I spoke I was untying her panties, and then pushing the vibrator inside her. Coupled with the sexy talk, the feel of another man's cock in her mouth, and my fingers on her clit, it was enough to drive her over the edge and I watched as she began to buck her hips, faster, and faster still, then screaming as she came hard on my fingers. Immediately, I removed the vibrator and my fingers, and her friend moved so she could stroke my cock. 

I could feel her breasts pushed up against my back, and her pubic hair rubbing at the base of my spine. I reached one hand behind me, and slid it between us down to the vee at the top of her thighs. She grabbed my hand and urged it down to her clit; she was obviously frantic too. As she stroked furiously at my prick, my fingers slid into her, and I looked up. He was obviously very close, so I spoke out loud. "If you shoot your cum into her mouth, she'll drink every drop, she's wanted to fuck you for so long now she's ready to be a complete slut for you." 

This was all the encouragement he needed, and he grabbed her hair to pull her face close to him as he emptied his balls into her mouth. I watched amazed as she swallowed every drop. It was so horny watching how completely depraved she had become that I couldn't hold back, and begged her friend to make me cum all over her pussy. Obligingly, she increased the pace of her strokes, rubbing her soft hands from base to tip of my cock, until I could wait no longer and shot my cum all over my wife.

I sat back, drained as I was but I had forgotten about her. She was still behind me, still horny, and obviously getting very impatient, as she pushed me off the bed sideways. I managed to stop myself falling flat on my face, and looked back at her to protest, but I was too late. Already she was bending down and licking at my wife's mound, licking my cum off her lips, from her clit, and reaching her hands up to toy with her nipples. I froze; spellbound, watching the sexiest thing I had ever imagined actually happening not two feet from my face. My wife was obviously enjoying it, as her hips ground and moved, pushing upwards, straining to reach that teasing tongue. 

I looked around for my friend, and saw that he was completely engrossed in watching this show as well, so I settled back to recover for a few minutes, and watched these two sexy women getting it on. This girl knew how to please a woman, as she sped up and slowed down, ran her tongue over her slit, her clit, up to her belly button and back again. She insinuated a finger into her pussy, still licking all the time, then followed it with another. There was a moan from my wife, and I realised suddenly that her whole pussy was being stretched wide by this woman's hand. My god, she was practically fisting my wife, and my wife was loving it. Soon the moans and groans were coming faster, and my wife was begging her not to stop, telling her she loved this woman's tongue, that she was going to lick her out, every kind of obscenity you could imagine. With a sudden silence, I watched this beauty make my wife cum so hard and for so long I thought she'd passed out.
