 Princess giggled as Kaarina attempted to sketch out how to give an effective blow job. Kaarina had plenty of experience over the years while Princess had had a boyfriend before but they had only had sex a couple of times. This time she planned to make sure she didn't lose her 'boy toy'. At least that's what she called him to make herself feel not so bad for him just using her for sex. 

Her attempt the weekend before to give him a blow job was disastrous. She didn't know what to do and he eventually just got frustrated and masturbated into her mouth, since it was that time of month for her. They had another 'date' planned for this weekend and she wanted to make sure she was ready, knowing he could use her pussy this time but really hoping that she could please him with her mouth. Hence why she asked Kaarina on how to give a blow job.

Kaarina and Princess had been friends since they both started taking classes at the local community college earlier this year. They were an odd pair, Princess with her preppy sense of style and swimmer lifestyle and Kaarina with her drug fueled, music loving, rebel aesthetic. Kaarina's Iranian parents were not pleased with a number of the choices she made but they were fairly powerless to stop her. Meanwhile Princess lived with her stepfather after her filipina mother passed away. Both were dark haired but where Kaarina was bustier with a few extra pounds on her Princess was athletic with a lithe frame. They were part of a group of friends who mainly congregated at school but Kaarina hung out with the some of the guys outside of school, despite her parents tight curfew restrictions. This had given her an opportunity to fuck a couple of them, but probably kept her out of some serious trouble.

As Kaarina proceeded to try to draw a diagram, Kaarina's boyfriend, Mike, looked on. Imagining the possibilities he walked over and offered to be practiced on. Princess didn't look up, instead continuing to look down at the paper intently, blushing a little. Kaarina laughed at him and said, "Yeah, right."

Mike laughed with her, leaned down, and gave her a passionate french kiss. "I gotta get to work. See you tomorrow, baby. And good luck Princess. Let me know if I can help," he joked as Kaarina took a swing at him. Mike wandered off to work and most everyone headed off to class or to go home, but the two friends continued to discuss the fine art of fellatio.

About 15 minutes later, James strolled up behind them unheard as they continued their discussion.

"Maybe Mike was right. We should get a dildo or a banana or something for you to practice on," Kaarina said.

James ears perked up, curious what they could be discussing that Princess would need a dildo to practice with.

"And then I lick? While rotating?" Princess asked, turning the notebook to see the diagram from another angle.

James recognized the drawing and came to a stop behind them, his crotch about face height for the two girls.

"You should bob some too," he said startling the girls, causing them to jump slightly.

He laughed as they turned to face him. He adjusted his dick as they did, catching both of their gazes before Princess turned to look at Kaarina. Kaarina looked at his package through his pants for a moment longer remembering the look, feel, and taste of one of the largest cocks she had ever had. She bit her lip as she turned to look at Princess.

"Let's go get a banana," he said picking up their backpacks and heading towards the cafe.

He heard the girl's chairs slide across the pavement as they stood up behind them. He could faintly hear them talking to each other.

Princess, unsure what was going to happen, asked Kaarina, "What are we doing?"

Kaarina laughed loudly, "Don't worry. It'll be fine. We will get the banana and practice. Your 'boy toy' will love it once you know what to do."

"Hmm," Princess said, unsure.

"Anything else?" the girl working the counter at the cafe said.

"Just this for practice," James said winking at her, holding up the banana.

Princess grew scarlet, which with her brown skin was impressive, as Kaarina laughed.

They walked away and out of the cafe, still following James as he peaked into class rooms. Finally down a couple of halls there was one that was empty so James went in, ushering the girls in and then closing and locking the door behind them. "You wouldn't want to be embarrassed if someone walks in would you?" James said looking Princess in the eyes.

She imagined how embarrassed she would be and it made her even more flush. She could feel warmth through her body as she was already more embarrassed then she had been in a while.

Kaarina positioned them on the same wall as the door hiding them from view of the little window in the door, moving three chairs into a tight semi-circle. And luckily they were in an internal classroom, Princess thought to herself, so she didn't have to worry about someone walking by and seeing her through a window.

James put their bags down and smirked as he peeled the banana for them.

"Here you go," he said cheerily handing it to Princess. She felt its soft, warm squishyness in her hand.

"Oh my God! Are you gonna watch?!" Princess asked, growing more red by the second.

"It's okay," Kaarina said. "I'm sure he can give some pointers from the male perspective."

Her nose flaring, Princess meekly said, "okay.."

Princess looked at the banana and at Kaarina, her eyes flicking to James momentarily, and then back to the banana, and then she proceeded to shove it into her mouth.

Both Kaarina and James started laughing as Princess gagged on the peeled banana.

"Slow down," Kaarina said, putting her hand on Princess's and pulling the banana from her throat. "Start slow with small kisses and a little lick."

"Uh... Like this?" Princess said as she proceeded to awkwardly lick the side of the banana and give a couple of quick pecks to the banana.

"Oh honey, you need to..." Kaarina started before James cut her off.

"Show her," he said.

"Uh.." Princess looked at James and then Kaarina.

"She really knows how suck cock," James said. "You chose a good teacher."

Princess remembered that James and Kaarina had fucked around a number of times.

"Oh yeah?" Kaarina said playfully to James.

"One of the best," James said leaning back in his chair pushing his crotch toward them slightly keeping his eyes on Kaarina's eyes which we glued to her crotch as she bit her lip again.

Rolling her eyes Kaarina took the banana and licked her lips. Turning her attention to Princess she said, "You need to grip it so it's held firmly but you don't want to hurt him. And it would be attached to him so you could stroke it," James coughed lightly, "which is where you really should start." Kaarina tried to use both hands but found it hard to easily stroke while holding it. "You see?" she said cocking her head to the side and looking at Princess in the eyes.

"I think so," she said softly as she watched Kaarina's hands.

"And then when I say lick and kiss, it's with an open mouth," she said demonstrating by pulling the banana to her mouth as she stuck her tongue out and gave a light lick and closed her lips on the side of the banana.

"Hot," James said.

Kaarina gave another kiss and another lick, starting to get into it. Princess watching started to get flushed. She shifted in her seat slightly as she grew a little damp, drawing James's eyes to her. He ran his eyes from her pony tailed black hair, down her pink camisole and her perky b-cups, her jean short shorts, and her shapely tanned legs. He exhaled sharply, imaging what her legs would feel like wrapped around his waist as he pounded away inside her. He turned to look at Kaarina as her tongue ran across the tip of the banana, remembering the feel of her tongue doing that to his cock. Her black hair was loose, falling down onto shoulders. Her baggy tee covered her d-cups. He pictured her naked, her shaved cunt ready for a pounding beneath her baggy pants.

"Go ahead and try," Kaarina said holding the banana out to Princess. Overwhelmed by the experience thus far she leaned forward kissing the tip, first with a flick of her tongue and then closing her mouth around it, just like Kaarina had shown her. She didn't even bother to take it from Kaarina's hand as she leaned farther forward and kissed down the banana.

"Nice work," James complimented her, reminding her of his presence. Her lips squeezed the side of the banana and bit a piece off. Startled she swallowed the banana chunk. "That's what you'll want to do: swallow," James said. 

Embarrassed Princess leaned back, turning red again and biting her lip. She suddenly became hyperaware that she was here being taught to perform fellatio on a banana by her best friend with this cute guy sitting right her. She could her feel moist pussy, momentarily worried that she was soaking through her shorts, causing her things to rub together.

"Good job," Kaarina said putting her hand up for a high five. "Of course a real dick wouldn't come apart in your mouth."

"But it should spurt," James joked.

Kaarina looked at him, rolling her eyes and shaking her head, in fake annoyance. She want to kiss Princess and have a dick in her mouth pretty bad now. "Keep going," she said handing the banana to Princess who took it gently, almost dropping it on the floor.

"Whoops. Something else you wouldn't have to worry about with a real cock," James said, patting his visible semi-chub.

Kaarina laughed as she brought her hand to her mouth, licking off the banana that remained there. As she licked her palm she winked at James knowing full well that he would give her his cock as soon as he got a chance.

Princess kissed the tip, opening her mouth to take the banana in.

"I don't think you are really able to suck that thing though," James said, again causing Princess to jump and close her mouth with too much force. This time the whole end of the banana was in her mouth and she had squeezed the back end with her hand. The banana was in pieces, a chunk in her mouth, some squeezed between her fingers, and the middle had fallen on her leg.

"Swallow it, baby," James said smirking again. Caught off guard with how her seemingly simple question had played out, she gulped down the banana. "Good girl," he said reaching over and as his fingers ran across her leg, he picked up the chunk of banana. A wave of pleasure pulsed through her body at this touch. James turned, handing the chunk of banana to Kaarina and winking as he said, "there is plenty to go around."

She laughed taking it from him, licking it once, and swallowing it whole, not breaking eye contact the whole time.

Princess, unsure what to do, ate the banana from her hand. As she licked the banana from between her fingers, she caught both Kaarina and James looking at her lustily. Embarrassed she said, "I guess we are done with the lesson for now."

"You are doing a good job," Kaarina said squeezing her own legs together, excited by what had happen so far.

"And there is no reason to stop," James said, looking her up and down.

"But we don't have anything to practice on..." Princess trailed off as James stiffening cock strained against his jeans.

"It is just practice..." Kaarina breathed sharply, looking at this cock.

James reached for his zipper, slowly pulling it down.

"No! Wait!" Princess said. James stopped, his hand ready to finish opening his fly. "I can't. My boyfri..."

"This is just practice," Kaarina said cutting her off, placing her hand on Princess's leg. "Besides," she leaned in, "he's not your boyfriend."

Kaarina took Princess's hand and placed it on James's crotch as he pulled his hand away. "They love it when you do all the work." She rubbed Princess's hand back and forth and then slipped a couple of her fingers in his semi-open fly. Princess shuttered as she felt James's hard cock, the third she had ever felt.

As Princess had her eyes glued to his crotch, Kaarina finished unzipping his fly. Princess's hand gripped his cock surprised by his girth, already larger than the two she had already had. "Stroke it," James commanded. She looked up seeing his eyes bore into her, a smile across his face.

"Here," he stood up, pulling her hand out and reaching for her other one. He placed both hands on his waist. "Pull them down." She nodded pulling his pants and boxers down obediently. His dick bounced as his pants slid down past it.

"Stroke me." Her hands reached for his cock. He was hot and hard, and yet soft, in her hand. She bit her lip and began to pull on it. "Not like that," James said.

His eyes turned to Kaarina. "Show her."

Kaarina's pussy already wet, slid on to her knees and put her hand on the base of his magnificent cock and gave one long stroke all the way to the cockhead. She released him and leaned over to Princess, pulling her onto the floor with her, taking her hand in hers and wrapping it around his dick. She began to stroke him using her friend's hand. "And the balls," Kaarina said, taking Princess's other hand and stroking his nuts.

"Oh baby," James said, leaning his head back.

"Kiss it like we practiced," Kaarina told her. Princess stopped stroking, opened her mouth and leaned in to flick the side of cock with her tongue. She closed he lips and gave a light kiss. And then repeated further down his penis. He was definitely larger than the banana.

"Yeah, but kiss it like you are giving a hickey," James said. When Princess responded with a confused look, James said, "look," and put his hand on the back of Kaarina's head. She willingly, eagerly, leaned in giving a couple of quick kisses and licks and then sucked on the side of his cock. "Are you looking?"

"Yeah..." Princess said, he pussy extra wet at this point.

"We are doing this for you," James said. "I need you to pay attention."

Kaarina laughed to herself at that, knowing full well that no matter what Princess learned at this point she and James were doing this for them.

Princess leaned in further making sure to get a good view of what was happening. "Got it?" James asked as he placed his hand on the back of her head. She nodded as he brought her head to the other side of his cock.

Princess on one side, Kaarina on the other, his hands resting on their heads as they pleasured him. James looked down and smiled.

He let this go on for another couple of minutes before declaring, "I need to sit down." He kicked his pants and sandals off and sat on his chair, Kaarina taking the opportunity to tie her hair back. "Now show her how to do the tip," he said to Kaarina as she lowered her mouth onto him. She kissed and liked and sucked his large cockhead.

"Do you see what she is doing? How she uses her lips? Her tongue?" he said to Princess. "Open your mouth," he commanded Kaarina as she stretched her mouth opening, showing her tongue run all over his cockhead. "And suck." she closed her mouth, her checks hallowing.

"Your turn," he said pulling Kaarina up by her pony tail and encouraging Princess to get to work with a slight nudge. Excitedly, she leaned in, eager to practice what she had just learnt. Her mouth and tongue began to work him excitedly and he knew that she was learning well. Kaarina worked on the side of his cock as Princess worked on the tip.

Deciding to get more James moved his hand from Princess's head down to her shoulder pushing the camisole and bra strap off her shoulder and sat forward. His hand slide down to her tit and under her bra. He tweaked her nipple. Princess pulled back.

Breathing raggedly she said, "...no...just practicing.."

"If you want to give a guy a really good blow job," James said, "you'll need to let him feel you. For a guy it is about the whole experience." With that he pulled Kaarina's head to his dick and reached down mauling her tit through her shirt. Kaarina's hands went to her bra strap undoing it as she lickd, sucked, and kissed James's cock. His hand groped her boob, pulling her shirt and bra up, exposing Kaarina's tits to her friend before disappearing into James's grip.

"Show her how much you can take," James said to Kaarina. To this she winked at Princess and pushed down on his cock. She began to bob as Princess watched and James gripped her tit with the other resting on her head.

Slack jawed Princess looked on watching her friend stretch her mouth and throat around James's cock. 'There is no way I could do that,' she thought.

And as though James could read her mind he said, "your turn," looking right at her. As leaned forward, Kaarina pulled off, a popping sound as she released his cock head from her lips. Princess lowered her mouth liking and kissing the tip again, steeling herself for this next step in her education. James reached down pulling the other strap down and helping her pull the straps down her arms. Her shirt around her petite waist, she felt her bra come undone, an act James had performed single handedly as he groped her boob with the other. Exposed from the waist up, here she was in a classroom in her school, learning a lesson not on the curriculum, how to suck dick.

"Pace her," she heard James say. And then it was a third hand on her. James's were on her tits and Kaarina's pushed her face down his cock. Kaarina pushed and then let her up. And repeated. And repeated.

Princess forced her head up, gulping air. "I... I can't..." she said raggedly.

"You are doing amazing," Kaarina said, looking Princess in the eye before she leaned over to take a quick suck of the long, hard cock. "Time to finish him," she said once her head came up. "You got this."

Princess looked nervously at the cock and leaned it. As she began to bob she didn't notice that her friends hand had come off her head, until she felt lips on her nipple. Before she could pull her head off the cock James's hands held her in place. She regained her sense and he said, "Just a little farther."

Princess reinvigorated and excited as James held her head in place and Kaarina sucked on her nipples, bobbed and sucked trying to coax his cum out.

"Here is cums!" he yelled, his hips bucking and his hands holding her in place.

Caught by surprise and unsure what to do she heard her friend whisper, "swallow it...," into her ear. So Princess did. As stream after stream shot into her mouth she swallowed as much as she could.

Finally, his hands released her and she sat back, cum leaking at her lips, a glob falling onto her leg. Catching her breath she was surprised when she felt her friend lick the glob off her leg.

"They hate in when you waste it," Kaarina said, leaning in and pushing the semen into Princess's mouth, before licking the cum from the edges of her lips. Kaarina turned to James and took him into her mouth, licking and sucking him clean.

He rested his hand on Kaarina's head as he looked at Princess and said, "that was a good first lesson."