 I bumped into a friend of my ex-boyfriend at the mall the other day, Jay.

"Hey Susan!" Jay said cheerfully.

"How have you been? What's been going on?" He asked me.

"I've been great. It's been too long since we've talked." I replied.

"It's really good to see you." I said, giving him a big hug.

"Have you seen James around?" Jay asked.

"Nope. I hear he's got a girlfriend though." I said.

"I was upset when we broke it off, but that's just how it goes, you know?" I asked.

"Yup. Well, you seem to be ok. We've got to get together sometime." Jay said.

"We should. Here's my number." I said, scribbling my cell number onto the back of a receipt in my purse.

"I've got to run, but I'll see you soon Susan." Jay said, walking in the other direction.

When I dated James, Jay would sometimes meet us out at restaurants and clubs and such. He and I were always kind of good friends, no obvious attraction between us. He was a tall, thin black guy, and had a nice smile. I always thought he was handsome, but I never thought to pursue anything. James, on the other hand, was a very muscular black guy I met at my gym. James had a gorgeous face, an outrageous body, and a huge penis; I really missed him. Since James took off, I guess he never really kept up with Jay. I was still upset about losing James and seeing Jay brought back some memories, but it was still nice running into him. 

Jay called me and asked me to meet him at this bar we used to go to. I agreed. I walked into the place and there was Jay at a table in the front, waiting for me to show up.

"Hey, you made it!" Jay announced.

"Of course I made it silly. What'd you think, I was going to blow you off or something?" I said jokingly.

"No, just kidding." he replied.

So Jay and I ordered some drinks and talked for a few hours. Jay mentioned that he had being doing quite well with a website that he and another guy had put together. It was an interracial only porn site, and they featured homemade videos and pictures that they videoed with girls who they met, or who replied to their internet ads for models. I asked him how much he made and was very surprised at the figure.

"Wow! No wonder all these girls are doing it. That's a lot of money Jay!" I said. "So, the girls that you tape are just regular women, no experience?" I asked.

"That's right. I get a ton of replies to my ads. Women are just dying to be videoed. Several chicks didn't even care about the money. They just wanted to have sex with a bunch of guys on tape!" Jay explained.

"You know Susan, I've always thought that you were very hot. For real! You're a gorgeous girl and you have a body to match." Jay told me.

I was flattered. But damn right; I had an awesome figure. I exercise all of the time, and eat right. It was nice hearing complements from a friend though. James just tore me up emotionally by leaving me. He dumped me for another girl. I had all of this great equipment, and gave him everything that he wanted, but it still didn't stop him from pursuing another woman anyway. James and I would fuck for hours at a time. He just wanted more than I could give him I suppose. I began to think about letting Jay video me. Deep inside, I was angry at James for trashing me, and thought that I could get my revenge by filming a porn video and having him watch it. I'd be too chicken to do it by myself, so I thought I'd ask one of my good friends to do it with me. I immediately thought of Melanie. She'd do it. She was into black guys too, and she was into practically any kind of sex. 

Jay and I continued to talk and we both kind of suggested we work together on a video of his. Jay gave me the details and then we worked out an agreement. Jay would put together a crew for Melanie and I, and we could start filming the next day at his partner's home. I was so excited. I called Melanie and told her about the whole thing, and as I thought, she agreed to do it with me. We were going to be in a porno video. I have let some boyfriends tape our lovemaking before, but that was just for us to watch, and then fuck again while watching it. This time, it's for real. I hoped my Dad would never find out about it.

When we entered the house, Jay was on the sofa speaking to two of the guys from his work. I must say, they looked awful, obviously dressed in second-hand clothes they bought from the goodwill store, or something of the sort. Old man slacks with non-coordinated button down print shirts? They both looked like they were on vacation in the Caribbean. Of course, that made perfect sense, since they were both Haitians. I split with Melanie, and made my way over to Jay.

"Hello Susan, glad you could make it." Jay greeted me.

"Hi Jay. Looks like your friends all made it too." I answered.

"How are you guys doing?" I playfully asked the two men.

"Good! We are very good!" they both uttered.

"I think it'll be a wild night, don't you guys?" I asked rhetorically. Of course it was going to be wild; it was Mel and me and about ten guys. I knew that every guy in the room was checking me out and Melanie also. I had my hair up and looked cute with my red minidress on. Melanie wore a tight white dress, proudly displaying her lack of panties and bra. Her big fake boobs pushing their way out of the dress top. I thought we looked awesome, but it wouldn't have mattered anyway to all those horny guys staring us down. They would have put their dicks in anything they could that night.

Jay asked me if I wanted a drink. I said "sure and make it a double." I was still very nervous about the whole thing. I had never done anything remotely like this before, and my heart was practically pounding out of my chest. I must be crazy saying yes to this, and yes to all these strange black guys fucking me. It really was awkward. How will this whole thing begin? Would somebody just start attacking us, or drag us into a bedroom? I only knew one guy in the whole place. Melanie didn't know anybody there but me. 

Jay returned with my double Cosmopolitan, and I quickly began downing it. In the few moments that Jay left to get the drink, the two guys didn't say a word to me. They just talked to each other in Creole, about me no doubt. I wondered if either one of them ever had sex with a white woman before. I seriously doubted it. If one of these guys approached me at a club or something, I wouldn't have even bothered with them. They both looked bad, smelled of strong, cheap cologne, and spoke very little English. One guy, Jean I think, wasn't too bad looking. He was very young, maybe twenty three, while the older guy looked average. Well, the reality was that both of these guys would be fucking me shortly, and I couldn't stop imagining how they would be.

Melanie was talking to a group of guys on the other side of the large room. The partner, whose house it was, had some money. The place was pretty nice and very large. There was some rap music playing, and most of the guys knew each other and formed small groups. I couldn't imagine what the hell Mel was talking to them about, but they seemed to be getting along well. She also had a drink in her hand, as all of us did. I know she was on her second, because there was a glass on the table next to her with red lipstick on it. I wasn't wearing any. I figured that it would have smudged off in two seconds on some guy's balls anyway. 

Jay was talking to his friend with the video equipment, whom had just arrived. He and the cameraman brought suitcase looking boxes into a room in the back of the house where we were to do the filming. I got really nervous seeing that. This was for real. There was no turning around now. 

I was trying to make small talk with Jean and the other guy, but left them for a moment to get another drink. As soon as I walked towards the table set up with all of the liquor, three of the other men I hadn't met yet quickly approached me and said hello.

"Hi Susan. It is nice to meet you." One of the men said with a strong accent. He was from the Islands as well. "My name is Claude." he said. 

"Let me get your drink for you?" he asked politely.

"Thank you." I replied.

"What are your names?" I asked the other two guys.

"I am Jean-Paul." one said as he kissed me on the cheek.

"I'm Matthew. You are a beautiful woman." the other announced.

"Thank you Matthew." I answered. Matthew was very handsome. His skin was a light mulatto shade of brown. Jean-Paul had on the usual Haitian garb like the other guys, but Matthew was wearing shorts and a polo shirt. He looked neat and groomed. Claude had a thick beard and mustache, and looked oily. He had on a tan T-shirt and was quite muscular for a thin man.

Claude handed me my drink and I immediately started pounding it down. He had made it very strong, almost no juice, only vodka. My eyes were tearing from the smell of the alcohol. Screw it. I needed it to get through this night.

Melanie broke with her little fan club for a moment and came over to me.

"Hey girl. So what do you think?" Mel asked me.

"I guess these guys are ok. My nerves are just shot from not knowing what we are in for Mel." I declared.

"What are they going to do? How is all of this going to begin?" I asked.

"I don't know either, but after ten guys between the two of us, they're gonna have to carry us out of here Susan." Mel answered.

"Aren't you scared Mel?" 

"I guess a little, but these guys seem ok, and they've been pretty nice so far." Mel replied.

"Well, I'm pretty buzzed from the drinks, so I guess I can handle it." I said.

"I just hope we get on with it already. I'm really getting horny!" Melanie announced.

I figured that much from her. She could care less about the fact that we were willfully letting ten guys rape us shortly, and on camera. Melanie just loved sex. I did too, but filming it for everyone? I definitely had some concerns. The deal I made with Jay was that Melanie and I would get to see the video first and at our discretion, let him put in on his website or not. We would all split the profits from any sales that were made from the video. I needed the extra money; we both did. Jay did this professionally and knew what to do with it, so I trusted him. When he said it would be with these guys he knew from his job, and that they were Haitians, I didn't care either way. I loved fucking black guys anyway, and so did Mel; she got pregnant and had a black child from an affair she had awhile back. I figured Haitian guys were no different, and I was a little curious anyway. Sex with some foreign guys sounded pretty hot, so we agreed.

Jay came back into the living room and told us that they were all set up in the back. It was the moment of truth for Mel and me. We both looked at each other unconvinced when Jay came from behind us, put his arms on both of our waists, and said "Susan, Melanie...are you guys all right? Everything's going to be ok. I know you're nervous, but once you get into it, you are both going to have a blast" Jay told us convincingly. "After a few moments, you will forget all about the cameras."

"Come with me ladies." Jay said as he led us to the back room. The guys in the room followed behind us. 

Jay led us down a long hallway, past a few rooms on both sides. There was bright light coming from the room at the end of the hall, and I knew that was the room with the cameras. Jay let go of us, and proceeded to the side of the room with all of the video equipment. Jay and the other man, Steve, had microphones, lights, and cameras set up in various places to capture everything we did. It was very impressive. There was no bed, as I had imagined there would be, but the room had very soft, thick carpeting, so it would be comfortable. There was a table with bottles of water, and bottles of lubricant on it. We would need that by the end of the night, I was certain. Jay had suggested before coming to the house, that Melanie and I use enemas to clean out ourselves. I didn't really like anal sex and hadn't planned on it, but Melanie and I followed his directions anyway. There really was no telling how far things would go.

The men were kind of lined up along the walls in the big room, and they started removing their clothing. Oh my god, I was in disbelief as I watched the guys remove their boxers and underwear. All of them had huge cocks and only two of the guys had erections. Their cocks were big even before getting hard ons. All I could think about was that this was going to be painful.

The air conditioning was on maximum, and my nipples were hard from the cold air. Steve told us to get down on the floor on our hands and knees, so that he could take some still shots. He and Jay directed us to play with each other, so we did. Nothing strange to Mel and I anyway, so what the hell. Melanie put her arms around my neck and pulled me in close so that we could kiss. Mel's an awesome kisser, in my opinion, and she and I got into it pretty heavily right away. My pussy was soaking wet, and it didn't take Mel long to slide her hand down and start fingering me. I reached out to her, caressing her wonderful breasts. She had the nicest set of tits I had ever seen. I replaced my fingers with my lips, biting and sucking her hard nipples. We were both so turned on, that we practically forgot about the men watching over us! Jay certainly didn't need to direct us anymore; instinct and passion took us over. I gently pushed Melanie to lie back on the floor, and then with her help, shoved my face into her crotch and began eating her pussy out. She was streaming with juices from all of the excitement, and I was too. Melanie sure put on a show for the boys, taking her hands off of me and then playing with her hair, moaning and groaning loudly, and twisting her body and gyrating her hips.

"Oh God baby, that's it! Keep going, keep going!" Melanie shouted out towards me.

"Oh my God, that feels so good Susan, don't ever stop!"

As I'm laying there doggie-style with my face in Mel's pussy, I realized that the guys were staring at my unobstructed ass and wet pussy. I mean, there was no hiding anything. They could see every inch of me, and surprisingly, it didn't really bother me. I don't know if it was the spectacle of everything, or just the alcohol, but I just kept thinking to myself, bring it on boys. Jay was right. I had already forgotten about the cameras.

That's exactly what happened, rather quickly. Guys started crowding around us, touching us, and that's when I felt the first cock enter me. A tall, thin guy got behind me, and wiped his cock up and down my pussy lips a few times for moisture, and then pushed forward into me.

"Oh my God!" I thought to myself. I wasn't quite ready to say things out loud yet, so I just spoke minimally at first. His cock did feel really good inside of my now aching pussy.

"That feels soooooo good!" I told him. I didn't have to see it to know he had a huge penis, and wasted no time burying it deep inside of me. I felt his big hands holding onto my ass tightly as he thrust himself into me a thousand times. I could feel his cock sliding in and out of me, and I reached between my legs to feel it penetrate me. His giant balls slapped my fingers as I felt him pumping into me. I rubbed my clit a few times, and then slid my hand up my belly, feeling his huge cock moving inside of my body, just below my abs. I was in heaven.

The one named Claude proceeded to lift my head from Mel's crotch, and then replace her pussy with his cock. He began gently fucking my mouth, and I could taste his precum right away, as it was streaming out of his peehole. I loved the taste, because it is always very sweet. Claude had a very strong smell about him. It wasn't gross, but it was just different from other men I'd been with. He was Haitian, so this was new to me. I remained positioned on my hands and knees, as I sucked on his cock while the other man continued fucking me. 

Steve and Jay were busy moving around us, videotaping every second. They were zooming in closely to my pussy from the top, the bottom, and the back, catching the guy's huge cock stretching my lips apart. Steve was mostly focusing on Melanie, who by that time had two guys over her face, whom she was sucking one at a time. Other guys were standing over Melanie and jerking their cocks, waiting for their turn. Melanie was moved further away from me, so that Jean-Paul was able to fuck her. He had her ankles, one in each hand, pulled forward, and was fucking her pussy hard. I occasionally caught a glimpse of Jean-Claude assaulting Melanie's pussy. His balls were slapping against her asshole, making a snapping sound from all of the wetness. I saw the big color contrast difference between his balls and Mel's asshole. Melanie continually grooms herself, including laser hair removal from around her asshole, and she also had bleaching done to it. It was just black on white, and very sexy to see. I groom myself as well, but she had gone the extra mile having the bleaching done, because she is so into anal sex.

"Fuck me baby, fuck me!" Melanie shouted out again and again.

All I could do was moan and breathe. I had a big cock buried in my throat, and another fucking my pussy hard. Jay zoomed close onto my face, when he heard Claude say he was going to cum. I didn't want to get sperm all in my hair just yet, because we had a lot of fucking to do, but it was inevitable. Claude pulled his cock from my mouth briefly, and told me to turn over onto my back. Mr. I don't know your name-big dick pulled his cock from my pussy for a moment, and immediately stuffed himself back inside when I got on my back. My pussy was gapping open from the size of his penis, but only briefly until he filled me again. 

It didn't take me long to have an orgasm. I didn't even really make a big deal of it. I just panted rapidly a few times, and with the big cock in my pussy, I just let go. 

"I'm cumming, you made me cum!" I whispered. I saw stars, and my pussy quivered, but both men continued on like nothing happened. It must be a foreign guy thing. I felt used and I enjoyed it; weird.

Claude was kneeling over my face and resumed stroking his cock, with the head gliding over my lips and tongue. His fluids were running out of the head, creating a glaze on my cheeks. My mouth was wide open, waiting for him to shoot his load. Claude continued his motion, and then finally spoke.

"Yes! Oh yes!" He said, and other words in Creole I didn't understand. With his penis head riding over my tongue, and him slowly stroking the shaft, Claude squirted his sperm out right into my mouth. The white cream coated my tongue, as he jerked his cock steadily. He kept on pumping his load, some shooting onto my face, but mostly hitting the inside of my cheek, and pooling in the back of my throat. Jay was standing right over us, aiming his lens directly at my face. His was first semen I'd tasted that night, so I figured what the hell; I swallowed his cum—all of it. I finished him off by wrapping my lips around the head and sucking the rest out of his cock. Jay caught every second on video. What a dirty slut I was. Claude liked it. I loved it. People watching the video would too, I was sure. As Claude pulled away from my face, I licked my lips, grabbing any leftover semen he had missed squirting into my mouth. Another man I briefly met, had his cock in his hand, stroking it, taking Claude's place in my mouth.

Jean-Paul was really pounding Melanie's pussy. Her screams of pleasure filled the small room when she came. As I turned my head to the side to watch her, I saw as he slammed against her pale skin, sinking his big penis all the way in her pussy, and then tensing up inside of her. I watched his cock twitch and spasm as he shot his sperm deep inside of her body. The muscles below his cock contracted many times, filling her womb with his cum. Steve had moved behind Jean-Paul, so that he could video the two of them as he came inside of her pussy. Jean-Paul finished cumming, and then with Steve taping it all, pulled his cock out of her now stretched out pussy. The moment his cock head popped out from between her lips, his white cum began pouring out and down over her asshole up her back. It was very sexy to watch, and I'm certain Melanie enjoyed the moment. Steve filmed the whole thing.
