 I was having dinner with my long time girlfriend Cassie. It was a place we had seen many times but never tried. We had heard the food was pretty good, and it was. But it seemed to be more of a hangout than a restaurant. Our table was in the middle of the room. I sat facing the door, Cassie faced the back wall. Behind me was what seemed to be an office party of some sort. 

Near the end of our meal, I glanced up to see a woman standing at the entrance. She was blonde and dressed in a black skirt with a cream colored silky blouse, and black stilettos. She was gorgeous and oozed sex appeal. Great legs and curves in all the right places. She stood with one hand on her hip looking around as if searching for someone. Immediately the group behind me started calling out. "Stacy!" "Hey Stacy over here!"

Then in a loud chorus three or four women from the group yelled out, "STACY WITH TWO E'S" and then they all broke out in hysterical laughter. Apparently some kind of inside joke that the rest of the patrons in the restaurant were not in on. The woman. apparently named Stacee, rolled her eyes and shook her head; then gave a small wave and headed for the back of the room.

Her body moved the way a woman's should. It quickly became apparent that she was braless. The way her blouse rippled and her breasts swayed and bounced when she moved proved one thing right away. She definitely didn't have Tupperware tit's. No silicon in that valley. Plastic doesn't move like that. She walked with confidence and allure. I am sure mine weren't the only eyes on this woman.

As she neared our table she looked right at me and gave me a smile that said, "If you were alone, you might have had a shot." At least that was the way I took it. As I was starting to turn and follow her with my eyes, a hand appeared in front of my face and fingers snapped twice. Shit.

"What the hell?" Cassie asked me, and the look on her face told me I was in for it big time.

I mumbled something about thinking I had seen someone I recognized, but Cassie wasn't buying it.

"Yeah, right." But as she said this I noticed her watching Stacee walk the rest of the way to her table. I wouldn't turn around, I was already in enough trouble, but the little arched eyebrow Cassie presented let me know I was missing quite a show. I gave Cassie my complete and undivided attention for the rest of the meal, but my mind watched Stacee walk towards me over and over and over. I also noticed that Cassie kept looking past me.

When the check came Cassie excused herself and headed to the back of the room. I started to freak a little but when I turned my head to see where she was headed I noticed with relief that she went straight to the ladies room. I quickly scanned the office party table but didn't see Stacee anywhere. A quick glance around showed that she was no longer in the room. She might have slipped past me at some point, I had made a serious effort at keeping my eyes from roaming to try and placate Cassie, but I doubt if she could have walked by without me noticing. Oh well, it's not like I could have done anything about it anyways. I loved Cassie and wasn't about to blow it with her. 

She was gone for a long time and I was getting worried, but then eventually she came back to the table. I paid the check left a tip and we left. "So, do you want to go see a movie or would you rather go dancing?" I asked her. 

"No, just take me home Jake." Crap, I knew she was pissed at me royally. She loved her night out nights. 

Home was a half loft that Cassie made out of the second floor of a two story warehouse her grandfather had left her. The whole bottom floor she turned into a boutique that she opened and ran and the top floor she split into an apartment and a storage space. 

When we got there, I let her out of the car. I was going to kiss her goodnight but she just blew past me and headed for the stairs. Jesus, she's really torqued off at me.

As I stood there starting to get seriously depressed, she turned and asked, "Well, you comin in or what?" Oh thank God, I heaved a huge sigh of relief and followed her up to her loft. Maybe I could still salvage this.

She let us in, turned on all the overhead lights and headed for the kitchen, I kicked off my shoes and hung my jacket on one of the clothes racks Cassie had around the loft in lieu of closets. She had brought up like six of these racks that she used downstairs in her shop and they were all full of her clothes. She even had one that was just for shoes.

There were no walls in the loft, it was just one big open space. The only exception being the curtained off bathroom. Most of the loft was filled with a huge brass bed. Across from the bed was a little area with a couple of lazy-boys a coffee table, a huge entertainment center against the wall with a flat screen TV. and a stereo, and a big furry rug covered in pillows where we would lay sometimes and watch movies.

After a quick trip to the toilet I came out to see that Cassie was putting together a little tray of fruit and cheese and opening a bottle of wine. I came up behind her and wrapped my arms around her waist and nuzzled her neck. When she sighed and leaned into me, I knew she wasn't really as pissed off as I had thought. I moved my hands up to caress her breasts. Kneading them and rubbing my fingers over her nipples through her dress and bra. She arched her back and brought her hands up behind her and ran them through my hair. 

When my fingers went to the zipper on her dress, she spun around, grabbed me by my tie and led me to the bed. I couldn't hide my smile as this was turning out way better than I thought the night would just a short while ago. She released my tie and bent and opened one of her dresser drawers. She pulled out a large handful of silk scarves. 

Now my smile went ear to ear. She had once let me tie her to the bed and I had always wanted to do it again. The sex that night had been incredible. It was a night that ran through my mind all the time...

I had tied her hands and feet to the bedposts and stood over her and looked down on her all spread eagled on the bed. I had taken one of the extra scarves and dangled it till it just barely touched her skin. I then dragged it lightly over her body, swirled it around her breasts and down her stomach.

Watching Cassie's reactions was an immense turn on. Every time she shivered, every time her eye lids fluttered, I felt a rush.

I swept the scarf down her body and over her mound. Her buttocks lifted off the bed as silk met curly down. After awhile, she started to beg me to fuck her. There is not much that is more erotic than hearing a woman whisper, "Please fuck me."

But I was getting off on this too much to have it end so soon. I laid the scarf down and slowly traced my hard cock in all the places I had first sent the scarf. 

By the time I finally entered her she was more than ready for me. 

It was a great night of sex and I was definitely eager to do it again.

I reached out to try again to get her dress off but this time Cassie slapped my hands away. She reached up and kissed me and whispered in my ear, "Do you love me Jake?"

"Of course I do baby, you know I do."

"Do you want me?" she whispered. All the while she was undoing my tie and then unbuttoning my shirt.

"I always want you." I didn't know what she was leading up to but I was more than happy to go along for the ride.

She pulled my shirt and tie off and reached for my belt. She was licking my chest and kissing my shoulders as she undid the button on my pants and pulled my zipper down. Every time I tried to get to her clothes she brushed my hands away or turned to thwart my efforts. 

She reached into my briefs and cupped me. Her soft hand stroking me quickly brought me to near full size. She then brought her hand out and pushed me back on the bed. She soon had me completely naked. 

She told me to sit up near the head of the bed. Grabbing the scarves, she straddled my waist and again whispered in my ear, "Do you trust me Jake?"

Okay, I'm naked on her bed, I can feel her ass pressing on my nearly fully hard cock, her dress is pulled up so far around the top of her thighs I can see her black thong, and she is bent over far enough that I can see the black bra she was wearing. At this point I had a good idea what she was up to, and there was just no way I was saying no. "Absolutely."

She tied my hands to the bed, then stuck several pillows behind me to keep my back from resting on the bars. She then started kissing me, everywhere. Everywhere except where I needed her to.

Cassie has long silky dark brown hair and she let it all loose and slowly trailed it over my body. She was doing to me with her hair what I had done to her with the scarf. I now knew what exquisite torture it really was. I was more than ready to go to it, and she still had all her clothes on. 

I really didn't want to beg her, I was hoping she was getting as hot as I was and would not be able to hold off any longer either. But when she started kissing my thighs and her hair was whisking across my erection, I couldn't take any more.

"Cassie, please?" I pleaded, in a much more whining tone than I had hoped for. She looked up at me and gave me the most wicked grin I had ever seen her give. I remember thinking, man, paybacks a bitch. Before I could get the next plea out, there was a knock on the door.

Cassie jumped off of me and the bed and headed straight for the door.

"Cassie! Don't answer that! Cassandra!"

Shit, she just totally ignored me and reached for the door knob. Christ, it could be anybody. A lost nun, girl scouts selling cookies, her mom. All these things ran through my mind I as desperately tugged at the expertly tied scarves. I even tried to reach behind me with my teeth to grab a pillow to cover myself with but it was futile. I finally just pulled my legs up and hid my quickly wilting flesh as much as I could.

When the door swung open I was stunned to see the hot blonde from the restaurant standing there. 

Cassie leaned in and kissed her on the cheek and then turned her back and threw over her shoulder, "Come on in Stacee."

Stacee walked into the room and only then noticed me and the condition I was in. A knowing smirk crept across her face, she swept her eyes over me several times as Cassie poured wine into two glasses. 

When Cassie saw where Stacee was looking she said, "Stacee, have you met Jake?"

Stacee gave me that hot smile of hers and said, "Hi Jake."

I was speechless, I couldn't even mumble hello. I could not believe Cassie had done this. This must have been what she was doing in the bathroom at the restaurant that took forever. She must have seen Stacee head there and somehow convinced her to come here. I was embarrassed as hell, but suddenly the situation actually sunk through my thick skull and I realized how incredible this night was going to be after all.

No longer as embarrassed, I put my legs back down and allowed Stacee to see what she had surreptitiously been trying to get a peek of since she walked in and saw me.

Stacee didn't ooh or ahh, a slightly raised eyebrow was her only reaction. I was kind of hoping for an ooh or an ahh, but I would have settled for a smile. Oh well.

Cassie grabbed the tray with the fruit and cheese and headed for the coffee table, "Would you bring the wine please?" she asked Stacee.

Cassie quickly turned both lazy-boys till they were side by side facing the end of the bed, with the rug and pillows between the chairs and the bed and the coffee table just to the side. Sitting here they would both be looking straight at me.

I was still fighting a little embarrassment, and my cock was a little confused by my lack of enthusiasm. It was kind of stuck half way and was just bobbing up and down, almost like it was waving at the girls.

Cassie and Stacee each took a chair and for a second they were almost mesmerized by my swaying man snake. But then just like that they turned to each other and completely ignored me.

For the next ten minutes they sat and whispered to each other and giggled and drank their wine. The whole time they were doing this, they would take turns shifting one leg over the other, almost like they had choreographed it, so that I was getting the full on double "Basic Instinct". Cassie's black thong would flash and then Stacee's white panties, along with like a mile of fleshy thigh from each. This view had definitely brought me to full salute, but with my eyes glued down below, I had no idea if they even noticed.

Cassie said something to Stacee that made her laugh just as she was taking a swallow of her wine and Stacee spilled a good amount down her chin and neck. Without missing a beat, Cassie leaned over and licked the spilled wine off of her chin, then slowly licked from Stacee's breastbone up her neck and chin till they ended up in a kiss.

Holy shit, okay, this I was not expecting. I sat dumbfounded as I watched my girlfriend French another girl. It was a long, smoking hot tongue fight and I had a front row seat.

Cassie took Stacee's wine glass and her own and put them on the coffee table. She then picked a strawberry off the tray and brought it to Stacee's lips. Stacee licked her lips, and then stuck her tongue out and licked Cassie's fingertips and then wrapped her lips around the berry and took a bite. A little bit of juice dribbled down her chin and once again Cassie swooped in to lick it up.

Involuntarily my tongue swept out and licked with her, where Cassie got sweet berry and luscious Stacee's skin, I only got air. I guess Cassie liked the taste of Stacee's skin because she took what was left of that strawberry and drew a sticky line from Stacee's bottom lip down her chin and throat and right to the top of her blouse. She then proceeded to lick the same trail in reverse till once again it ended in a long wet kiss.

Stacee's breath was getting heavier and her chest heaved a time or two. I knew how she felt. I wanted Cassie to do that to me too, I wanted Stacee to help. Cassie then fed the rest of the strawberry to Stacee. The last half of the fruit went into her mouth along with two of Cassie's fingers. Stacee's lips wrapped around Cassie's fingers and I had no problem imagining those lips wrapped around something of mine. Cassie slowly drew her fingers out of Stacee's mouth, it seemed Stacee was a little reluctant to let them go.

Cassie stood then and brought Stacee up with her. Then Cassie started unbuttoning Stacee's blouse. I was twisting my head this way and that trying to get the first peek of what was hidden behind that silky top. As Cassie got near the bottom of the blouse she had to pull on it to release it from Stacee's skirt. When she did this, finally one of Stacee's breasts briefly swung into view.

I saw a melonous globe of perfection, and a golden brown extremely aroused nipple. It was perfect. Now Cassie has incredibly sexy breasts as well, they are almost triangular in shape with hard points and they fit perfectly in your mouth. But Stacee's were special. 

When Cassie finally got Stacee's blouse free and drew it back off her shoulders, I was afforded the full view of Stacee's chest. My heartbeat doubled and my breath caught. I couldn't have looked away for anything. You could have dropped a million dollars from the ceiling and I would have just been annoyed that the money was blocking my view.

Cassie bent her lips to one of those luscious orbs and suckled. She almost looked like she was nursing. My mouth was sucking right along with her but again all I was getting was nothing. Stacee arched her back and closed her eyes and a soft moan escaped her lips. When I heard that, a moan came out of me as well. 

When they heard me, both girls turned, almost looking shocked as they remembered they were not alone. Cassie just smiled and turned back to where she had left off. But Stacee locked her half lidded eyes on my full hardness. At this point I would have done anything just to have them touch me. I needed to be stroked, I needed to lick female skin, I needed a lot of things. 

Cassie switched from one breast to the other, her hands lightly trailing along Stacee's arms. Stacee had her hands wrapped in Cassie's long hair and was trying to guide her head lower. Cassie obliged and slowly trailed kisses down Stacee's stomach. When she got to Stacee's skirt Cassie stopped and undid it and let it fall to the floor.

When Stacee bent over to free her skirt from her high heels her breasts swung free and I almost died. I had an old girlfriend tell me she didn't like that view of herself when seen in a mirror, she thought it made her look like she had udders. But I think it is one of the most erotic views of a woman's body. The heavy breasts set free and swinging in all their glory.

Stacee was indeed wearing a white thong, they currently sported a little wet spot, but she didn't have them on for long. Cassie wasted no time in peeling them off of her as well. Stacee soon stood there in nothing but her shoes. She had a little triangle patch of dark blond pubes, and I wanted them in my mouth. That glorious body that I had only been able to picture in my mind until now was on display for me and it did not disappoint.

I had no idea that Cassie had ever even entertained thoughts of girl on girl sex. I would have to ask her later if this was a first for her. Also if this was her first three way. At least it had better become a three way, and soon too.

Cassie gently pushed Stacee back down into her chair. She placed her hands on Stacee's knees and pushed them apart and raised them. For just a second I got a full view of Stacee's most tender body part. It was exquisite. Then Cassie lowered her head and I was left with another incredible sight. Cassie's dark hair buried between Stacee's white thighs. Stacee locked her hands in Cassie's hair.

I looked up to see Stacee's eyes once again boring on my hardness. But before long her head was thrown back and she was arching her hips up off the chair and little cries escaped from her. Cassie's hands had come up to knead Stacee's breasts and I could see a little glistening of sweat start to cover Stacee's upper chest. Stacee's breath was getting much heavier now and she was bucking up against Cassie's mouth, while at the same time pressing Cassie's head down.

Stacee's cries became almost animal in nature, as she thrashed and came. It was amazing, it was so hot. I was as hard as I think I had ever been. I strained against my ties trying to release myself so I could join in. But I was stuck fast. Again I found myself whining, "Cassie, please?"

She ignored me completely. I watched as she kissed her way up Stacee's body until she got to her ear where she whispered something to her. Stacee just nodded, still breathing hard and apparently unable to speak yet. I watched as Cassie stood and went to one of her clothes racks and rolled it around behind Stacee's chair. She then bent down and engaged the wheel locks so it could not move.

Cassie then came over and without even looking at me grabbed more silk scarves out of her dresser. It was only then that I realized that she was still completely dressed. She then went back and asked Stacee to raise her arms. Stacee willingly did so. Cassie tied her wrists to each end of the clothes rack.

Now Stacee and I were matching naked scarecrows. Stuck with our arms out wide and behind us and our eyes glued to each others bodies. Cassie came back to the bed but instead of relieving my needs she went to her nightstand and pulled out a long flesh colored lifelike dildo. I had no idea she even had one. I had never seen it before even though I knew for a fact that I had been in that drawer before.

She then went back to Stacee and knelt in front and a little to the side of her. She gave one glance in my direction and I understood that she wanted to make sure I had a good view of what was to come.
