 Randall Andersen was a very busy man, hustling through the Boston Hilton lobby in the early afternoon. He was dressed as usual in a three piece suit and tie, his shoes clicked on the polished marble floors as he made his way to the elevator. He reached it, the doors parted and he entered, pushing the button to get him to the fourth floor. The Muzak was unheard by him. Randall could feel himself tighten in anticipation of what would happen when he reached the fourth floor. He straightened his hair in the reflection of the elevator doors; he was a trim, very fit man of mid-50's though he looked younger and felt it too. 

By the time he reached the fourth floor, he was bouncing on his toes. Gratefully, the elevator parted for him once again and he stepped into the cream-colored hallway. He headed left and was standing in front of Room 423 with the key in his hand, he was nervous. He had met this girl, woman on the Internet and then they had kept up contact over the phone. Soon he knew he wanted her and there was very little that was going to stop him. Money was no issue, he was a widowed investment banker, we just wanted something exciting in his life. Lotus was that. Her every word put him on edge, every time she said his name; he was between grateful ecstasy and ready to be hit over the knuckles with a ruler from Sister Mary Catherine from his school days. He just knew he had to have her once but hoped for many many more. 

He smiled as he knocked softly, then entered the key in the lock, he heard a click and opened the door. He shut it, looked around the room with his hands still on the doorknob, he breathed out. He saw her in the bed, her light brown curly hair spilling onto the pillows and over it. She was facing the door, on her left elbow. She smiled and made a move for him not to move closer. Lotus was looking down at the form next to her, Randall grinned, she knew he liked to see her fucked and fucked hard. She was very nice to bring a friend, he thought as he quietly made his way to the leather chair next to the bar on the other side of the room. He took off his suit coat, tie and shoes in quick movements, then sat down. Opening the bar, he poured himself an couple of inches of scotch and took a good pull. He let the liquid relax him and sat to watch the scene on the bed. 

Lotus was laying on her side, covered by sheets and the form next to her was waking up slowly. She made sweet little noises of encouragement in his ear and he popped out of the sheets to wrap his arms around her waist. Lotus blushed at this but didn't look for help. Randall noticed the kid had dark brown hair and was taller than she was; anyone could be taller than her, she was all of five feet and four inches. Still this kid would tower over her, he thought, she likes them tall and bigger than her. The kid was two hundred pounds maybe more and looked young. Randall was in a state of chagrin. 

Kid slid his way up her small but curvy body and latched on to one of her large breasts, popping it in his mouth eagerly. She just rubbed his back and played with his hair and giggled. He was greedy and reached for the other one to suck them both at once. Lotus cried softly and he began to bring his hardening cock to bear on her, excited by the sounds. 

Randall thought, he isn't the only one. His own cock was hardening in reaction to her pleasure. He could never stop himself from his reaction, she did it to him every time. He smiled and watched, taking another drink and filling the glass again. 

The dark-haired kid was rather inexperienced as Randall had thought. He tried to arch his cock into her roughly, Lotus told him, no and laid him back against the mattress. He covered his eyes with his arm as she traced her tongue down his chest, his cock was tenting the sheets. She uncovered it and welcomed it with a kiss, a deep long slow kiss as her eyes met Randall's, he hardened more at the thought of her wanting to be watched. Her eyes closed as she opened her mouth to take his girth in, the dark-haired kid moaned slightly and bucked his hips to help her. She climbed on top of him to get a better angle, sitting on his chest and sucking his dick for Randall to see. Her breasts swayed with her head as she moved to engulf him, then expertly released him and licked his shaft. Randall had goosebumps for the kid and his cock was straining his pants now. Lotus stopped and smiled, waiting for him to release his cock before she continued. Randall unbuttoned his pants and pull his cock out for her to see, she licked her lips and continued on the cock she held in her hands. Randall let his hands lightly stroke his cock to full hardness as he thought about Lotus. 

The kid was bucking on the bed, controlling it but wanting more. His hands had reached her ass and was rubbing it, holding it and spreading it out absentmindedly, his attention was on what was happening to his cock. His hands traveled up her spine and rubbed her back, then pulled her waist down. Lotus made a surprised sound as his tongue entered her pussy with abandon. He only knew he wanted it and knew generally what to do with it, Randall saw. She was having a time trying to concentrate with his tongue in her wet slit. She maintained her composure and began to shuttle his cock deep into her throat, taking him all the way to his balls, which was no little feat, the kid was sizable. As they worked themselves into a choir of cries and grunts, Randall grabbed his hardness and began to stroke in earnest, not wanting to be left out. His legs parted and he was breathing harder. 

Lotus' eyes were closed as she pushed his cock deeper and deeper into her little rosebud mouth. His hands were creating red marks where he was holding down her pelvis so he could drown in her cream. Suddenly, he arched into the air like a fish out of water, burying his dick deep in her throat and coming hard into her. He disengaged himself from her dripping wet cunt only to cry loudly and breathe deeply, then he went back to her as she was close herself. Lotus pulled her mouth from his cock and milked it of every drop it had. She was done and sat up on the kid's face as Randall could see him licking her from beneath, he was terrorizing her with his tongue mercilessly. She rubbed her hands on her slick body, up under her massive breasts, down to her hairline but the kid slapped her away; it was his. Her eyes kept locked on Randall's and his hand was on his huge fitful cock. She cried and he didn't think he could get harder but he did, a drop of precum mounting his erection and slid down the side. Lotus was ready, he could tell from the sounds she made as she ground her hips into the kid's face. Finally, she cried hard and released herself, the kid took it happily. He licked up on the wetness she gave him and more. He slapped her on the thigh and she returned to laying next to him, spoon-like and he was preparing to get her from the back as the shower cut off and quiet assaulted the room. 

"Fuck," they both muttered. Randall looked up amused, god she had been up to something, that little slut but he smiled openly with his hardness still cradled in his hand, pumping it lightly. 

A big guy drying his short blond hair with a towel entered the room and smiled at them. He was all of six-four and easily mid-two hundred pounds. He caught them and from the angle of his penis, he was waiting for something also. Lotus crossed the bed and knelt in front of him, taking his erection in her already warmed up mouth. He closed his eyes like it was just what he wanted, needed. He dropped the towel on the bed and the dark haired kid reached for it, drying his face and drying off Lotus gently from underneath, rubbing her nipples and ass, teasing her. She lifted her ass and allowed him the opening he desired, his cock was already hard again. He let her rest against his legs as he entered her from behind. He was taking his time now, each stroke buried in her completely then came out again. 

Lucky fucking bastard, Randall thought as his own cock longed for her warm wetness. 

Lotus was busying on the blond boy's dick, he had more restraint than the younger one did. He was making her work for his come, she licked his thick cock and took it in a few times and he backed it out and made her lick it again. Lotus was enjoying this; he could tell, they all could. The dark-haired kid continued to fuck her pussy with little mercy, in long slow strokes, that drove them both mad. Blondie was finally giving in and holding her head at a better angle for him. Lotus kept licking and throating his thickness with pleasure. 

Randall was enjoying the sights and smells of the room and going full-bore on his cock in his enjoyment. This was better than any porn he ever watched. 

Blondie grabbed her head and rammed himself down her throat, moaning loudly as he came into her. Like with the dark-haired boy, she licked him clean as she milked him clean, smiling. He whispered, thank you and went back to the shower to rinse off again, smiling. He closed the door behind him. 

The dark-haired boy was thrilled to have her alone now and repositioned her on her back after a slight withdrawal. He laid into her missionary position and loving the access he had to her massive breasts and exploited it. He even briefly, brought his wet red cock to her breasts and fucked them while she sucked the tip when she could catch it in her mouth.

Randall could see the raw redness of her violated pussy and the come she had created for him. She really was slopping wet and wanted more, she cried for it. Randall was about to oblige her when the blond kid came out of the bathroom again. 

He parted them silently and told the dark-haired kid to lay down, positioning Lotus on top of him, sliding his dick into her himself and balancing her while doing so. She smiled as her back was to his chest and he reached for his hard cock yet again. Lotus bent forward slightly and the blond fingered her pussy and rubbed the juice on her ass, sliding his cock into her tiny hole. He was patient and she was tight as the dark-haired kid worked her from below, two cocks slightly separated, in perfect motion, they all three moved. 

It was beautiful and Randall might have come then but he was saving it for her. He stroke himself as he watched the scene before him. The dark-haired kid gave in first, coming grandly in her pussy, arching himself up and deep in her. He kept his dick in her though, riding with the other two in this slow dance. He did reach down and stroke Lotus's wet clit for support. Soon Blondie was wavering and becoming more erratic. He sped up and she moved with him, he thrust into her time and time again and then, he buried it deep in her ass and screamed primally as he bit into her back, not able to stop himself. 

Randall was on his feet and was there when Blondie had withdrawn to again, go to clean himself in the shower. Lotus was keeping up the rhythm she hadn't come yet, Randall reached her ass and it was wet with the blond's load. He had a slight problem with entering her, she was tightening with her orgasm so he had to push his way in. Soon she accepted him and he grabbed her hips and began to thrust with a wildness he had never known. This was just what he wanted, all he wanted, needed. The dark-haired boy had grown in her puss and was intent on fucking her again. Lotus loved it all, the smell and feel of being lovingly invaded, loved and wanted by so many. 

She was crying and panting as she was coming, finally!! Randall sped up in her round ass and came just as she came and it became impossible to move in her. The dark-haired kid erupted into her hole for a second time, filling her and most of it came back onto the sheets. They all stayed there for awhile and breathed. The blond clapped from the bathroom doorway and smiled. This got everyone laughing...