 The blond's clapping drew out what he was occupying himself with in the bathroom. A long- legged very tanned blonde pushed her way out of the small warm wet room. Lotus, from between Randall and the dark-haired kid, exclaimed, "Cassie!!" and held her arms open. Cassie went to them willingly, Randall was struck by the differences in them. Lotus was short and curvy with brown hair as Cassie was long and blonde, even there, he noticed smiling. He could only smile at them in their embrace and kiss after wards. Soon, he was staring as they began giggling as Lotus was sucking on Cassie's small breasts, licking, sucking on and between them. He felt himself rising to their challenge. 

He went back to the chair and the dark-haired kid was turning to the backboard and gathering his sheets and heading towards another leather chair by the door. Even the blond had moved away to let the girls play with each other. He sits naked in his chair and his excitement plain on his face, his cock hardening but he is ignoring it. Randall was amused at his restraint and turned back to the scene unfolding as he returned to his chair. 

Cassie was laying on her back as Lotus loomed over her, tonguing her hard little breasts and making her giggle more. Lotus positions her further up the bed, bending to her pussy and dropping her tongue in her plump swollen lips. Licking softly, as not to hurt her, Lotus finds the center of her pleasure and wraps her tongue around it. Cassie bucks her hips and Lotus steadied her by rubbing her long legs and bringing her fingers up to meet her wet bruised little hole. Fingering her, one, two and soon three, Cassie rocks on them as she moans with pleasure, fondling her own breasts. 

Randall risks a long look around, the blond had gotten matters in hand and was casually pumping his cock in sync with Lotus' fingers in Cassie. The dark-haired kid had his hand in front of his face and was busy beneath his sheet, he was moaning slightly. Randall had to admit, he had always wanted to see these two fuck. Lotus teased him mercilessly with her fantasies of Cassie and exploits. If he could only do a tenth of the things he dreamed about with these girls, he could die a happy man. Oh yes... 

Lotus cried, anger showing. The blond pulled himself up to attention and said, "Yes...?" Lotus had pulled herself up to a sitting on her knees position and hovered over Cassie protectively, eyes flashing in the blond's direction. "How many times did you fuck her?' She spat out. He shrugged, relaxing back into the chair, mumbling, "Twice..maybe three times..." He went back to pumping his dick. "You tore her up!" Lotus said upset, "I have been eating come this whole time!!" Cassie and the blond giggled. "I hope you like it, my mistress," Cassie says in a whisper. Lotus comes up to kiss her, thrusting her tongue in Cassie's mouth so she can taste it. Cassie just sucks her tongue momentarily then travels down Lotus' body as she is still kneeling. Sucking her massive breasts, from one to another and pushing them together and making Lotus cry. Cassie positions herself underneath Lotus' legs and her lips reach up and meet her pussy, wet and warm. "Mistress, you have been busy also," she whispers in between long slow licks. Cassie spread her legs invitingly at the edge of the bed, her milkiness shining in the mid-day light from the windows. 

The dark-haired boy erupted into moans as he comes again, against the sheet, embarrassed. Winded, he sits back and watches oh so willingly. Randall turns to the blond and he is enjoying himself, just rubbing his cock, keeping his hardness ready. Randall is working on his second but he wants to come in Cassie's tight ass this time. Though, he has a wonderful view of her wet pinkness that he would willing fuck right now. He smiles and is a little harder. 

Lotus leans against Cassie's longer body and lays down against it to lick her cunt. Cassie pushes her legs up to meet her and soon they are one, writhing, sweaty mess with one intent of making the other come. Lotus arches her hand into Cassie's eager flesh, starting with three fingers, going deep, fast. A moan, long and hard, travels up from between Lotus' legs and she smiles up at Randall. He smiles back, getting the perfect view of Lotus eating pussy and her breasts perched on Cassie's pelvis. A little harder, faster. 

Lotus is almost fisting Cassie as she comes onto her hand, in a torrent of cries and grunts. Lotus is still licking her clit as she spasms on her hand, creating more intense flailing on Cassie's part. She takes her hand from the mess of Cassie's juicy wetness and begins licking it clean while sitting up and bringing herself full-bore on Cassie's face. Cassie attacks Lotus' clit, biting it and fucking her with her tongue as best as she can. Lotus is working on her hand intently, its very wet and covered in come, she licks it like a cat. 

The dark-haired kid cannot stand it as he stands with his cock in his hand. He mounts Cassie in her improbable wetness and sinks his cock deeply in. Moving in her, he takes his time enjoying the pleasure, the absolute freedom. The bed is huge and soon the blond is working his way against the backboard, angling himself into Lotus; helping Cassie. He grabs her around her hips to thrust himself deep in her but is surprised as Cassie takes his dick into her mouth before she opens Lotus for him. He smiles as he runs her through with his cock, her eyes narrow and she bends forward to watch the dark-haired kid fuck her Cassie. Leaning again on her stomach, she props herself on her elbows. The kid senses she is waiting for something and removes his cock from Cassie's cunt and offers it to Lotus. She takes it willingly, licking the juices from it and opens Cassie for his penetration pleasure. He smiles and takes her up on it. Soon, he is rutting her very well. 

Lotus shakes violently as she is coming on the blond's dick and in Cassie's mouth, she is moaning as she removes herself from the situation; up and off the bed. Cassie doesn't miss a beat as she grabs the blond's dick and she swivels about on the bed so she is on her hands and knees. Loving on the blond's cock while taking the kid's in her pussy. God, this is beautiful, Randall thinks. 

Randall is leaning forward as Lotus approaches him after evening herself out on the side of the bed while watching the change in position. She walks over to him, unsteadily but as magnificently as she can manage. He smiles as she pools herself at his knees and takes his cock in her mouth. Taking another pull of whiskey, he offers it to her; she is about fucked dry. He is surprised when she downs the rest of the glass and returns it to him empty. She continues to lick and suck on his hardness, the strong liquid makes it tingle in a searing but pleasant manner. 

He looks back at Cassie's action, the kid is fucking her harder, getting where he needs to go again. Blond is watching Cassie swallowing his cock in huge gulps, excited by her effort. In a chorus of grunts, the dark-haired boy grabs her svelte hips and plunges deep in her and comes in a yelp as the sensation hits him like a bucket of water. He strokes himself in her a few times, then withdraws. He gets off the bed and walks over to Lotus with his diminishing hardness in his hand. She takes Randall out of her mouth and cleans of the kid's in a few licks, he moans his thank you. When she returns to Randall's dick, she is so wet with their love juice, he wants to get some of his own and Cassie's ass beckons him. He moves to get up as Lotus lets him go. He notices the kid takes his place in the chair and Lotus eagerly takes his cock in her mouth again. He smiles, thinking that kid will never get his fill of her. Lucky kid. 

Cassie is so fucked and wide open as he pulls her to the edge of the bed, setting her long legs to the floor and ramming his very hard dick in her pussy, which is so wet and warm now. He strokes there for awhile, enjoying his cock in her tightness. She cries on blond's cock with every stroke, he is pushing her deeper on him. She is excited by this and begins to push the blond in her throat deeper and deeper, he smiles and enjoys it, moaning and panting harder. 

Cassie takes his large cock in a series of spasms and spills of wetness and come. Randall withdraws, taking the juice with him, rubbing it on her ass and threatens her tight hole with his cock. She backs onto it, wanting it. He can only oblige her as he lets his thick head be shoved into her ass. She eats it up in slow strokes, making room for the whole thing and all the wetness made barely enough friction to stroke it in her. The blond looks down at her taking it in the ass and makes one final movement and barely manages to bury his cock in her throat as he comes into it. HARD. But Cassie is beyond caring, it hurts but its feels very good. She barely notices when he removes his cock from her throat and quickly crawls under her to suck her clit, helping her along. He puts three big fingers in her pussy, fucking it harshly and sucking her hard. She begins to vibrate and pant hard as she cries loudly. Randall is very excited by her tightness and feeling her coming from the inside, speeds up and thrusting in her with abandon. Soon, he is coming with her, spewing his come in her hole as it backs up into her crack. He is proud of his work as he gently pulls it out and makes for the shower with a smile on his face. 

When he comes out, he promises himself, there will be more.