 My wife Kathy was always the reserved type. She is truly beautiful but has always been insecure about her looks, her body and sexual grip on men. She is 5’6” with blonde hair, blue eyes and beautiful sensitive breasts that nicely fill a 36D cup. Even when her college roommate used to point out that men would ogle when she wore her miniskirt, she still didn’t believe that she possessed the kind of body that men just love. Given her lack of strong sexual confidence you can imagine my surprise when she opened up one night and gave me one of most exciting experiences of my life.

We were set to go to a wedding of a friend of hers from high school. I had never met Stacy before. I had seen pictures of her and thought she was attractive but not necessarily the vision my wife had always described. When I met Stacy at the rehearsal dinner I couldn’t believe how gorgeous she is. I was sure the whole room could hear my breath get sucked right out of my lungs as drank her exquisite form. Stacy could have been a beauty queen. She is 5’10” with dark hair and 36C breasts that just seemed all too perfect. Her smile lit up the room. She greeted me with a big hug and light kiss. I almost felt honored just to be that close to her. I spent the next few hours trying to tip toe between being close to Stacy and trying hard not to stare at her.

When the dinner was over Stacy invited us to her room in the hotel for a nightcap. She was following the tradition of not seeing her husband to be on the wedding day before the ceremony. She wanted to go up to the room, have a cocktail and relax but since she didn’t she want to be all alone and since she hadn’t seen my wife in years she thought that would be a great way for them to catch up on each other and Stacy and I to get to know each other better. None of us knew it, but it was about to be a night none of us would forget.

We got up to the room and Stacy excused herself to go in the bathroom and change out of her dress. She came out wearing a big T-shirt and shorts. She told Kathy she had a second shirt and shorts if she wanted to change too. After I insisted it was ok even though I couldn’t change, Kathy went in to get out of her dress. She came in wearing an outfit very much like Stacy’s. I took off my coat and tie and unbuttoned my collar. We starting talking and soon it was as if we had all known each other forever. We were laughing and starting to loosen up with other. 

I looked over at Kathy and noticed her nipples poking at the T-shirt. The shirt wasn’t really tight but the way it was laying you could clearly see her nipples pushing at the fabric. The shirt she was white and you could make out the shadow of her nipples under it. I started to laugh and when they asked me what I was laughing at I tried to brush it away as if it was nothing. After a lot of prodding, I simply asked Kathy if she was cold. Still not really getting it since she had a big T-shirt on and didn’t realized that she was rather exposed, she asked why I wanted to know. Now Stacy had caught on and started laughing too. Her wonderful breasts shook below the shirt and I watched them sway as we laughed and teased Kathy. She caught on to what we meant and gave me a look. I’m not sure if was the alcohol or she just didn’t think of where we were, but she flashed me a tit and said “Bite me!” like she sometimes does when we are at home.

Once she lowered the shirt she immediately got very embarrassed. We tried to comfort her by pointing out that I seen her breasts lots times and Stacy was female anyway. We starting talking again but Kathy was being very quiet. It was obvious she was still a little embarrassed by what she had done. Suddenly, Stacy sat up and flashed us and said, “There now you’ve seen mine too”. My eyes nearly fell of my head. Stacy’s tits were perfect and topped with small hard nipples. There wasn’t a hint of sag to them. I knew immediately that the image would be forever etched upon my mind. I also knew that my cock was getting really hard. It was getting uncomfortable in my pants but in my mind no one could tell. That image was shattered when Stacy then said, “Your nipples weren’t pressing against your shirt nearly as much as Brendan’s cock is pressing against his pants.”

They looked at me started busting up laughing. I was totally caught. After getting teased about how the sight of Kathy’s tits doesn’t do that to me that quickly I joked that she didn’t have as perfect tits as Stacy did. Instead of being upset, Stacy was more flattered. She got a little twinkle in her eye and joked that since I seen her tits she should see my dick. I figured Kathy would be shocked but instead commented that that seemed fair. The next thing I knew Stacy was holding me back (as if I really had to be restrained with my mind racing to where this might be going) and Kathy was pulling my pants down. My hardon was straining at my briefs. The head was almost poking over the waistband. Then Kathy freed my cock to their eyes. Stacy licked her lips as she looked at my 8-inch cock. It felt like it was going to explode. Kathy and Stacy exchanged a silent look at each other. 

Before I knew it, they had both taken their shirts off. I was staring 4 perfect orbs and I immediately reached out and pulled Stacy and Kathy down to the couch with me. In a matter of minutes, we were all naked and I was kissing Stacy deeply. I started fondling her tits and pinching her nipples causing them to stiffen between my fingers. I felt my wife’s hands caress my cock and then felt her warmth as she took it in her mouth and began giving me a slow, sensuous blowjob. I lowered my hands to Stacy’s pussy and let my fingers wander through the curls of hair covering her pussy as I began to suck her tits. Somehow, we moved to the king size bed and continued to explore the wonderful feelings that we’d started.

Kathy needed some herself so she got up and positioned herself over my cock. With one long stroke, she lowered herself onto it. Stacy and I didn’t have quite the room to continue the way we were so she got up. I wasn’t sure what to expect. She climbed on my face and lowered her pussy to my mouth. I began eating her pussy for all it was worth. I have always loved eating pussy and hers was wonderful. She was facing my wife so my eyes at great view of her wonderful, tight ass. Every so often, I would look under Stacy up at the two of them smiling at her other with blissful looks on their faces.

I was blown away when I saw Stacy lean forward and take my wife’s tits into her mouth. Seeing my wife’s tits sucked by her friend was almost too much. I was fighting back an urge cum. One that I was really afraid I was going to lose. I could feel Stacy’s pussy nearly dripping on my chin. She was soaked. Stacy whispered something to my wife and Kathy just nodded. 

They switched positions. Kathy moved up and lowered her cunt to mouth. It was weird to actually taste the difference in two women that quickly. I almost died when Stacy lowered herself onto my cock. I couldn’t believe how tight she was. My wife was tight but not like Stacy. She lowered herself all the way down rubbed her clit again by pubic bone. I could feel the hair at the base of cock entwining with her bush. All the while, she was practically milking my cock with her muscular pussy. Kathy and Stacy were alternating between feeling and sucking each other’s tits. I had never seen my wife show any hint that she would ever try to experience pleasures with another woman.

Kathy was breathing very hard and I knew she was about to cum.  She didn’t last as long as I thought she might. She screamed and ground her pussy harder against my face. She rolled off of me and I was able to really take in the beauty of Stacy as she fucked me. I reached up and cupped her tits. They felt unbelievable in my hands. Stacy began to pound up and down on my cock. Suddenly she started to cum too. When she finished, she rolled off my cock onto the bed.

I had managed to hold off my climax but I knew that wouldn’t last. I climbed on top of Stacy and started fucking her with long slow strokes. I wanted to at least last a little bit longer. Stacy reached over and started fingering Kathy’s pussy. When she pulled her hand up to her mouth and started licking the juices off, I lost it. I had enough presence to pull out of her and I let out a torrent of cum. My cum splattered on Stacy’s tits and stomach. It felt like I had let out a gallon. I was exhausted.

Kathy moved closer to Stacy and started licking my sperm off Stacy. As she worked down towards Stacy’s pussy I looked on with anticipation of what might happen. Then, it did. Kathy began to tenderly lick at Stacy’s pussy. They moved into a 69 position. Stacy licked firmly at Kathy’s blond bush. Kathy parted the thick curls surrounding Stacy’s cunt and lapped at her clit. Stacy licked Kathy deeply and even started alternating between licking Kathy’s pussy and ass. Kathy had always liked having her ass licked and this was no exception. I could only smile as they treated each other to another orgasm as I watched.

Afterwards, we dressed and prepared to head up to our room. Stacy thanked us for the best send off to her being single she could have ever asked for. As we left, Stacy said that maybe we could do it again sometime if she could convince her husband.

We never have gotten together with Stacy again but that night will be a memory I will cherish forever.