 This is my own little sequel to Faye Skylark's wonderful series - Katie's Favors, and it's my thanks to her for writing such a hot collection of stories.

Thanks to Faye for letting me borrow the lovely Katie, Amber and Carol, they're an incredibly sexy bunch of girls to take out on an adventure. If you haven't already read them, make sure you check out Katie's Favors, not to mention Faye's other hot tales of sexiness. She's a wonderful writer.

*****

"Oh. My. God," breathed Carol as she stared wide-eyed at the pair of tickets in Lyle's hand. "Are those what I think they are?"

Lyle grinned broadly and nodded. "Tickets to Justin Timberlake on Friday in Toronto."

"Wow Lyle! Justin Timberlake is my absolute favourite singer." Carol gushed as she stared entranced at the tickets. The tall, 19 year old brunette ran her fingers through her brown bob, her mind racing as she considered the tickets with a look of almost reverence on her pretty face.

"I know," replied Lyle with a smug grin, his gaze dropping to Carol's chest to stare at her substantial rack. Lyle had a habit of doing that. The generous expanse of Carol's ample jugs was barely concealed by the tight fitting, white t-shirt she was wearing. Lyle could even see the texture of her lace bra through the thin top, the cotton clinging snugly to her sizeable globes. "I saw the posters on your wall when I fixed your computer the other week. These are front row tickets by the way."

"How on earth did you get them?" asked Carol in amazement, she still hadn't taken her eyes off the tickets.

Lyle shrugged casually, the gangly looking nerd still openly ogling Carol's magnificent tits and for once she wasn't annoyed at him. "My Dad is a friend of this guy, who's a friend of a guy who knows Justin Timberlake's manager."

Carol's eyes went even wider and the gorgeous college student looked away from the tickets and at Lyle's face for the first time. "You're shitting me?"

Lyle grinned smugly. "Nope. I shit you not. So you'll come with me?"

"What?" blurted Carol, a little taken aback. Was Lyle asking her out on a date? Even though she'd had a previous run in with Lyle that involved sucking his cock and letting him fuck her large tits, it was still a surprise to be asked out by him. In reality she was way out of his league, but for some reason he was completely obsessed with her. Well, actually there was a reason for his obsession; her big jugs. She frowned back at the tickets. "But the concert's in Canada?"

"I'll even pay for your plane tickets and the hotel room," added Lyle gallantly.

Carol hesitated. It was a very generous offer. She knew, of course, that Lyle wasn't just being nice, he'd no doubt want some form of payment in return, and she had an inkling of what it might be. "Separate rooms?" she asked hopefully, already knowing and dreading the answer.

Lyle shook his head and gave her a meaningful smirk.

Carol sighed, her shoulders slumping. She shouldn't have expected anything else, but still her heart sank. There was no way she wanted to spend a night alone with the lecherous Lyle in a hotel room, but a chance to see JT? Not to mention a trip to Toronto? It was an awful lot to turn down. Carol also very much doubted that Lyle would let her get away with just giving him head this time. If he was paying for plane tickets and a hotel that was quite an investment and he'd definitely want something more significant.

The busty brunette chewed her lower lip thoughtfully as she considered Lyle's offer. She knew what her friend Katie would say.

"Well?" asked Lyle impatiently. "Will you come with me?"

Carol sighed again. She just couldn't bring herself to do it, but at the same time she couldn't say no. It was Justin Timberlake after all! The man who'd brought SexyBack!

"Let me think about it," replied Carol apprehensively.

Lyle looked irked by her indecisiveness. "Okay fine. But don't take too long thinking about it, or I might ask Amber or Katie instead."

Carol nodded, watching thoughtfully as Lyle headed off towards the library. She had to admit she was very tempted. Seeing JT would almost be worth letting the little pervert have his way with her. Sure Lyle was a bit geeky... okay, a lot geeky, but he was definitely devoted. That, at least, was rather flattering she had to admit and he was pretty good in bed. Would it really be that bad?

***

"Awww," cooed Katie mockingly, smirking at her friend's discomfort. "A romantic night away."

Carol grimaced at the teasing. "I'm not going to fuck Lyle again!" she insisted. "That was a one time only thing!"

"He just might want to cuddle?" suggested Katie, unable to suppress a laugh as Carol's cheeks went even redder. Her buxom friend was certainly a lot more reserved than Katie herself when it came to sex. The cute, 19 year old, petite brunette had not only sucked off Lyle, along with his friend Greg, she'd also let them both fuck her in a rather drunken encounter outside a bar. She'd been ably assisted in that particular endeavour by their even looser friend Amber. And then there was that wild weekend in Nova Luna, where pretty much anything and everything had happened.

"Cuddling is even worse!" Carol shuddered. The last thing she wanted to do was to encourage Lyle's obsession. She then sighed with indecision, still incredibly torn by Lyle's offer. "It is Justin though..." she murmured. If it had been any other band or singer she wouldn't have even thought twice before promptly refusing the horny young nerd. Justin Timberlake however was a very different proposition.

"And it is front row tickets," added Katie. "You should do it!" she urged with an encouraging smile.

Carol frowned. "I don't know..."

"Remember what Amber always says," continued Katie. "College is for fun like this."

Carol gave a frustrated wail and threw her hands in the air. "I just can't decide. I mean I know that Lyle will want to have sex, but it's more than that... he's a little...intense."

"He's completely obsessed with those gorgeous boobs of yours, you mean," corrected Katie, her cheeky hazel eyes twinkling. She was enjoying the fact that Carol was even considering doing something so wild and out of character.

Carol rolled her eyes at that, she suspected that Lyle's feeling went even beyond her boobs. But then again... "It's front row at Justin Timberlake, Katie," she said aloud.

"Wait!" Katie suddenly snapped her fingers excitedly. "I know what we can do. I'll come along too. That way I can help out with keeping Lyle happy, and he won't have an opportunity to get too clingy and lovey-dovey on you."

"Really?" said Carol enthusiastically, grabbing Katie's hand. "You'd do that?"

Katie nodded. "Of course. It'll be super fun!"

"Oh thank you so much!" blurted Carol, hugging her petite friend gratefully, her generous bust pressing snugly up against Katie's own perky chest.

"You might still have to fuck him though," warned Katie. She didn't want to let Carol completely off the hook and she figured Lyle was unlikely to settle for just her, especially after Nova Luna.

"It's front row at Justin Timberlake!" repeated Carol, grinning and unable to suppress her excitement.

"Come on then," said Katie as they broke off their hug. "Let's go tell Lyle the good news."

***

They found Lyle in the college library. He was standing next to his friend Greg, as the two nerdy young men chatted to a stunning, raven haired beauty who was only half listening to them as she leafed casually through a glossy fashion magazine, her long, slender legs crossed in front of her.

"Hi guys," greeted Katie they approached the group. She glanced over at the olive skinned goddess reading the magazine. "Hey Amber."

"Hi Katie," replied all three at once. 

Greg's gaze roved over both Katie's slender figure and Carol's more voluptuous one. "You girl's look great as always."

"Thanks," Katie smiled at the complement and unconsciously flicked her auburn hair over her shoulder. The somewhat cubby young man wasn't quite as geeky as his friend Lyle, but he still wasn't exactly a stud. Greg also happened to be one of Katie's special group of guys who did academic favors for her in exchange for sexual favors. It had been Greg that had introduced Lyle to her and later to Carol. Before then Lyle had merely worshipped Carol from afar.

"So...um... Lyle, can we speak to you a moment?" asked Carol awkwardly. The busty brunette was unable to stop herself from blushing a little.

"Sure," agreed Lyle eagerly. "Have you come to a decision about the concert?"

"What concert is this?" asked Amber, looking up from her magazine with sudden interest.

"Justin Timberlake," explained Lyle distractedly, barely glancing in Amber's direction. "Will you come with me?" he asked, gazing hopefully at Carol.

Carol's blush deepened. She'd been hoping to pull Lyle aside and speak to him privately, but it was perhaps a little too late for that now. "I've decided that I'll only come with you if Katie comes too."

Lyle seemed startled by the request, "Katie?" he turned to the slim brunette in surprise and then with some definitely interest as new possibilities occurred to him.

Katie nodded. "That's right. It's both of us, or no deal."

"She'll pay for her own plane ticket though, right?"

Katie frowned. "No way, you've got to pay for me as well. We'll make it worth your while," she added playfully.

Lyle looked slightly hesitant at their suggestion. "Well I can probably get another concert ticket from my Dad, but I don't have enough money to pay for your flight as well as mine and Carol's."

Carol and Lyle both looked disappointed now.

"Where's the concert?" asked Greg curiously.

"Toronto," replied Lyle.

Greg stroked his chin as he regarded the two girls calculatingly. "Well if I can come too, I'll pay for Katie's plane ticket. Provided she's willing to return the favor of course."

"Of course," nodded Katie, giving Greg a knowing wink. Things were getting more interesting.

Carol grinned animatedly. "It's all settled then?" she asked, looking from Lyle to Greg and then to Katie.

"Hang on a minute," interjected Amber, standing up from her chair and interposing her tanned, curvy figure between the two boys. "You're not all going away without me." Amber certainly didn't want to miss out on a chance at some fun. Especially when both her friends were potentially going without her. And their holiday to Nova Luna had been such a wild time that Amber wasn't about to miss out on a potential repeat performance.

"You want to go to a Justin Timberlake concert?" asked Carol with surprise. Amber didn't usually share her taste in music.

"I want to go party in Canada.," corrected Amber. "Although, now that you mention it, Justin is pretty cute..."

They all looked expectantly at Greg.

Greg blinked in disbelief. "Oh come on! She can pay for her own ticket surely?"

Amber smiled seductively at Greg. "Come on Greggy," she purred, leaning her sensational body in against him and touching him fondly on the arm.

"It's a lot of money..." he replied uncertainly.

Amber leant even closer, pressing her impressive cleavage against his arm. "I'll give you one of my famous blowjobs..."

Greg swallowed, remembering the feel of Amber's bottomless throat swallowing his cock in that alleyway. "Deal," he croaked.

"Great!" Carol clapped her hands together elatedly. Her firm breasts jiggled at the sudden, excited motion.

"First we need to work out a few specifics," said Greg, interrupting Carol's celebrations. "If we're paying for this trip then we expect something in return."

Katie sighed knowingly, they were on familiar territory now. "We'll make sure you have a good time, don't worry about that."

Greg nodded and shifted into lawyer mode. "We want to join the mile high club on the plane, both ways. Plus we get to do whatever we want to you before, during and after the concert." He glanced over at Lyle who nodded and grinned approvingly at the list of demands. Greg's negotiations had worked out so well when they'd shared their rooms with the girls in Nova Luna, so Lyle was more than willing to let Greg work out the specifics.

Katie raised an eyebrow at Greg's outrageous demands. That was just typical of him. "Tell you what. We'll give you head on the plane, the idea of sucking cock at 10,000 feet actually turned Katie on a little, and you can have a single sex session each after the concert with whichever one of us you prefer," at least that way one of them would get a break. "And nothing public during the concert, that's for sure."

Katie heard Carol breathing a small sigh of relief at her more modest counter-offer. That was a good sign. If her usually reserved friend was willing to live with even those terms in exchange for seeing SexyBack live from the front row, it was shaping up to be a very fun trip indeed.

"Hmm," Greg considered the new offer carefully. "Getting closer, but the sex after the concert has to be 1 on 3, with both of us getting to sample all three of you at once. Plus you have to act like our girlfriend's in public at the concert, you can't just ditch us when you get there."

Katie nodded. "Okay, we can live with that. One of you before the concert and one afterwards though. I get the feeling we might need a break in between."

There was a pause and an exchange of glances, for a moment it looked as though the five of them were in agreement.

"Hang on," protested Lyle suddenly. "This was all my idea and I'm the one who's getting the tickets. It was supposed to be just me and Carol. I want to go first with all three of you, and then after the concert I want to have Carol again. By herself."

It was Carol's turn to object now. "I'm not having a..." she paused, doing her sums and paling slightly, "foursome, and then doing you straight afterwards as well." The busty brunette looked aghast with the way the negotiations were heading, especially the way they were suddenly centring around her again. It was almost like the whole Lara Croft incident in Nova Luna, but then again, that hadn't actually turned out completely horrible...

"Fine," cut in Katie, holding her hands up to try and make peace. "Lyle, you can have Carol to yourself after the concert while me and Amber do Greg."

Greg frowned. "That's not fair if I don't get to try out all three of you. Why's Lyle getting more, I'm the one who has to pay for the most plane tickets. What do I get?"

Carol could have kissed Amber when the leggy brunette reached over and took Greg by the hand and pulled him towards the library toilets. "You get that blowjob I promised you," she said, smiling wickedly and running her tongue over her top lip as she dragged the startled geek away, effectively sealing the deal. Greg was always a sucker for Amber's bottomless throat.

Amber led Greg into the mensroom and guided him into one of the cubicles, locking the door behind them, and leaving the two of them crowded together in the small space between the door and toilet. Amber's lush, firm body was pressed up tight against Greg's more portly figure as she immediately leant into him and pressed her mouth hungrily against his.

Greg moaned appreciatively as he pushed his tongue excitedly into Amber's mouth and slid his hands up her slender body to immediately grope her firm, round breasts through her blouse, his busy hands needing no further invitation. 

Amber moaned back into Greg's mouth as he kissed her, feeling the insistent bulge of his crotch already pressing into her firm young thigh. Greg was always reliable in that respect.

"I see someone's happy to see me," murmured Amber huskily as they broke off their kiss. She slipped her hand between Greg's thighs and cupped his crotch, squeezing his hard erection through his jeans.

"He's just eager to try out your bottomless throat again," grunted Greg with an eager smirk, his hips thrusting forward and pushing his bulge against Amber's groping hand.

"We'd better not keep him waiting then," replied Amber. She reached behind to push down the seat of the toilet and sat down in front of Greg. That left her at the perfect height for what was to come, face to face with Greg's crotch. And as a bonus she wouldn't even get sore knees.

As Amber reached up and started to unfasten the fly of Greg's jeans, the chubby college student reached down and cupped Amber's full breasts, squeezing them eagerly through her top. Standing above her, Greg had a perfect view down the open front of her blouse at her sensational cleavage.

"Mmm," murmured Amber appreciatively as she pulled out Greg's fat, erect cock. He was definitely happy to see her. The gorgeous, raven haired beauty gave Greg's erection a few strokes with her delicate, soft hand as her other hand slipped into the fly of Greg's jeans to cup his scrotum and give it a tender squeeze.

"Go on," breathed Greg, his voice hoarse with arousal. "Give him a kiss."

Amber smirked and bent forward, pressing her full lips to the swollen head of Greg's cock and giving it a wet kiss, marking the head of his cock with her red lipstick. As her lips touched his cock, Amber felt the rigid shaft lurch in her hand.

"Uh!" groaned Greg as Amber's pink tongue slipped out and swirled around the head of his cock, treating it like a lollipop. "Suck it Amber!"

Amber gave a lustful moan and plunged her mouth down eagerly over Greg's penis, his hard cock spearing between her full lips, sliding over her tongue and lodging deep into the back of her mouth. Greg threw his head back and moaned noisily. As always, Amber's amazing oral talents astounded Greg. 

Amber started to bob her head over Greg's cock, her tongue swirling around his erratically thrusting shaft and her cheeks hollowing as she sucked hard and deep on his erection. Greg moaned again as, after a few more sucks, Amber effortlessly plunged her mouth right down on his cock, the head of his prick pushing right into her throat as her lips pressed around the very base of Greg's cock.

"Oh! Fuck Amber!" Greg gasped, reaching down and grabbing the back of Amber's head and pulling her face in ever harder against his crotch. Amber's face was pressed into his portly belly and her chin nudging up against his balls. He was completely engulfed in the moist confines of her mouth, her tight throat squeezing his hard shaft.

Greg groaned and leant back against the toilet stall door, letting go of Amber's head. Amber pulled back off Greg's shaft, catching her breath and lashing her agile tongue around the trembling head of his cock.

"Keep sucking slut!" growled Greg, reaching for Amber's head again and thrusting his cock deep back into her throat. Amber gagged a little at his rough intrusion, but managed to maintain her composure and resume suction.

"That's it Amber you glorious cocksucker!" gasped Greg as he started to thrust his hips, fucking Amber's face. "Suck it you slut!"

Greg's chunky hips swung as he pummelled his hard cock between Amber's soft lips, driving deep into her compliant mouth, his balls slapping against her chin. Amber sucked hard and fast as the horny young man used her mouth like a cunt, humping uncontrollably into her face as he got more and more aroused. The way her tight throat constricted around his cock was the most delightful sensation he could imagine.

"Mmmpf! Mmmmh!" Amber moaned, her voice muffled by bulging dick-meat that filled her mouth. Greg had one hand under her chin and the other on the back of her head, gripping her raven locks, he was in complete control of Amber's head as he repeatedly jammed himself in and out of her mouth.

"Uh! Fuck! Not much longer you slut," groaned Greg as he frantically fucked her gorgeous face. Amber gave a moan of approval and pushed her face down deeper into Greg's lap with a wet squelching noise.
