 I reached beneath the hem of my wife's skirt and touched her smooth hairless pussy. She had a fresh Brazilian wax and my fingers quickly found her swollen labia. I broke the seal of her pussy and a flood of liquid goodness quickly covered my hand.

"Can you feel it baby?" Kara moaned as I sank two fingers deep inside her soaking wet cunt. "Can you feel his cum inside me?"

"Yes," I hissed as I pumped my fingers into her cum filled pussy. I was naked and my achingly hard cock bounced violently as I thrust my fingers into her.

"You like it don't you baby?" Kara asked playfully as I finger fucked her recently soiled cunt. She was wearing a short skirt without panties and a sheer blouse with no bra. 

Kara had just come home from her first date with Jeremy, a man we had met a week earlier in a bar. 

"You like feeling another man's cum in your wife's pussy don't you baby?"

"Mmmm, God yes," I moaned loudly. She was right, I not only liked it, and I loved it. I had first learned about cuckolds and cuckolding from a national radio show where a regular on the show made frequent jokes about cuckolds. I was intrigued and I began to scour the internet for cuckold stories and movies. I became obsessed with the idea of being cuckolded but I had no idea how to bring up the subject with my wife or how she would react to the knowledge that her husband wanted to watch another man fuck her. I was content to keep my cuckold fantasies as just that, fantasies, but my wife came across my secret file on our computer. To my shock my wife was as intrigued as I was. We began with a lot of role-playing fantasy but the more we played the more clear it became that we would one day live out our fantasy.

"Here," she said as she pulled my fingers from her pussy and guided them to my mouth. "Taste his cream baby. You know you want to."

I opened my mouth and let her slide my cum covered fingers past my lips. The taste was not unpleasant. It was similar to mine, which I has tasted numerous times, but slightly saltier. I moaned with hedonistic pleasure as his cream tickled my taste buds. 

"It's official baby," my hot wife moaned as she watched me suck another man's cum from my fingers for the first time. "You are now my cuckold bitch." She smiled an evil grin as she spoke.

"Oh God yes," I moaned around my fingers.

"Lay back my little bitch and let me give you the treat you've been waiting for all night."

I lay on my back as my sexy wife straddled my face and lowered her cum filled pussy to my hungry mouth.

"Clean my pussy baby. Drink the two hot loads of thick cream Jeremy left for you," she moaned loudly. "That boy has a lot of stamina even for a 22 year old."

Her words cut through me. They humiliated and excited me as I devoured hot cream from my wife's pussy.

Kara came quickly and she came hard as I licked her tangy pussy. She cried out and violently ground herself against my cum glazed face. Her hands held my head tightly until the waves of her climax subsided.

"Kiss me baby," Kara panted as our lips met. "Can you taste him on my lips baby? His first load was in my mouth on the way home from the restaurant. He tasted good too," she teased. Kara had long refused to let me cum in her mouth but her new young lover faced no restrictions.

"I need you inside me now," my sexy wife panted as she got on all fours. She had already been fucked twice and she needed more.

I moved behind her and rubbed the drooling head of my cock across Kara's pussy lips.

"Lick my ass first baby," she panted. "Jeremy wanted to fuck my ass but he is too thick. His dick is a little shorter than yours but it's really thick and it stretches me like you never could."

I bent behind my wife and plunged my tongue into her tight asshole.

"Mmmm," Kara coo'd as I licked her puckered asshole. I eased two fingers into her soaking wet pussy and quickly found her g-spot. 

"Right there baby," Kara moaned. Her body responded to my touch as she approached another powerful climax.

I plunged my tongue into her ass as I furiously pumped her g-spot.

"Oh yes, oh god yes," my wife cried out. "Oh no, ooooh nooooo." Her body quivered and quaked as her pussy started to spasm.

Warm liquid splashed against my bare chest as my wife's pussy squirted a torrent of clear viscous fluid from its depths. She had never squirted before and I loved it.

"Fuck me now baby," Kara said urgently once her climax had ebbed.

I knelt behind her and sank my 6 1/2 inch dick into her liquid core. The mental stimulus overload ensured that I would cum quickly. I fucked my wife hard and fast for a minute before I pulled out and came on her delicious ass.

"Clean up your mess," Kara said playfully.

I bent down and obediently licked the copious amount of thick white cum from my wife's ass. I swallowed it all and then lay down beside my exhausted but satisfied wife.

"That was hot," she said softly.

"Yes it was babe, yes it was."

We lay in bed and talked about the night just as we had done the night we met Jeremy. That night we had been sitting together at Jackson's Bar and Grill. It was a well known spot for cougars and young men to hook up but we had no hedonistic plans.

Jeremy approached us sometime after 11pm. It was clear to anyone that Kara and I were together but he was unfazed by my presence. He was young, attractive, and confident and he liked what he saw. He hit on my wife right in front of me and she responded as though I was not even there. 

Thirty minutes after he sat down beside her he asked my wife to dance. She accepted without hesitation and I watched as they ground their bodies together in a raw sexual manner to the pounding bass.

They were both covered in sweat when they returned. Kara grabbed her purse and informed me that they were going out to the parking lot. She said I was welcome to come and watch.

My semi-erect cock twitched in my pants and I followed them outside.

Jeremy and my wife held hands as they made their way to a dark corner of the parking lot. He pressed Kara against the door of his SUV and thrust his tongue into her mouth. They kissed passionately as I watched alone with a stiff dick in my pants. 

Kara sank to her knees and fished Jeremy's cock from his pants. She wrapped her small hand around his shaft as her lips engulfed his bulbous purple head.

I watched wide eyed as my wife of fifteen years gave a young handsome 22 year old boy a blowjob in a nightclub parking lot. It was everything I had imagined it would be.

Kara noisily slurped and sucked Jeremy's fat cock until he came in her mouth. She let his cum drip from her mouth onto the ground as he pulled my wife to her feet and kissed her deeply with traces of cum still on her lips.

The exchanged numbers and made plans to go out the following week as I stood waiting with a hard dick in my pants.

Kara kissed me as we walked to our car. I could taste the salty goodness of cum in her mouth and it made my cock twitch. 

Kara wouldn't fuck me that night so I jerked off as she slept imagining what might happen on their date.

Kara and I continued to talk as we lay in bed after her date. She told me in delicious detail about their evening together.

Jeremy had picked my wife up at 6pm. He was in a suit without a tie and Kara wore a short black skirt, a sheer white blouse and a matching white bra and thong underneath. She was looking forward to fucking the young stud and had even gone for a fresh Brazilian wax the day before.

They kissed at the door and drove to an upscale restaurant in the city. They talked as they drove and while they had little in common because of the difference in their ages they had great sexual chemistry. Kara is naturally submissive and Jeremy had a very dominant personality which made them a perfect fit.

Jeremy sat across from my wife at the restaurant. He was smooth and confident but also respectful and debonair. 

After they finished the main course and a bottle of wine he told my wife to go to the bathroom and take off her bra and panties.

Kara did as he asked and handed her undergarments to the young stud across the dinner table as her cheeks flushed crimson red. She was excited and her stiff nipples gave her away.

"Touch your pussy," Jeremy whispered just loud enough for others to hear as the waitress left to get their check.

My wife discretely rubbed her wet pussy as the young stud watched intently.

Jeremy paid and they walked hand in hand to his car.

"Do you want to go out dancing," he asked my wife as they stood beside his SUV.

"No, I want to go to your place and fuck you over and over all night long," Kara replied as she pressed her excited body against his taught muscular form.

Kara sucked Jeremy's fat dick as they drove to his Arlington apartment. He came in my wife's mouth as they sat parked in the parking garage. She was ready to swallow his load but instead he made her hold his thick cream in her mouth. He pulled her face to his and they kissed deeply, sharing his cum between them in a sloppy snowball.

"That was a hot surprise," she said excitedly after the kiss.

"I am full of surprises," he teased. He would later admit to my wife that he was bisexual and that he and his college roommate had been messing around since their sophomore year. His admission excited Kara more than she imagined possible.

Kara undressed Jeremy inside his apartment and kissed his firm muscular body. His young cock rose to the occasion despite the short recovery time and they fucked doggy style hard and fast before switching positions several times. 

Jeremy came deep inside my wife's pussy and Kara came several times as well, which was something she had never done with me.

They lay in bed after they came and touched each other's body. 

Kara kissed her way down his body until she was settled between his thighs. She couldn't get enough of his muscular young body. She licked and gently sucked his balls as he moaned softly.

"Lower," he said insistently. She knew what he wanted and she acquiesced despite the fact that she had always refused similar requests by me.

My wife nuzzled between her young lover's ass and lightly licked his asshole.

Jeremy moaned and Kara responded to him. She became bolder and pushed her tongue past his sphincter.

The young stud's cock grew stiff once again as my wife tongued his asshole. She stroked his dick as she licked his ass until he needed more. Jeremy pushed my wife onto her back and plunged his dick inside her very wet pussy. He fucked her hard and fast until she came again.

Jeremy flipped Kara onto her belly and slathered his cock with lubricant from his night stand. He lubed my wife's asshole and tried to slide his fat cock inside her. Despite her excitement and the generous use of lube he couldn't get his thick cock inside Kara's ass. He wiped his cock off and fucked my wife's cunt hard and fast from behind until he blasted a second load of cum inside her well fucked pussy.

He kept Kara's bra and panties and drove my disheveled wife home to me at 1am.

"I want to see you again," Kara said to him as they kissed good night in our driveway.

"I'm having a party next Saturday, bring your husband along," he said with a devilish grin.

-To Be Continued-