 We've been looking forward to this day all week. After a long week, we're going to go out and see who we can meet. We're a very unusual couple; we're both polyamorous, and we're both bisexual, and we've both been feeling it... that urge to get out and do something (or someone) new. So rather than sneaking around each other, we're going to do it together (or at least at the same time). Or at least that's the fun fantasy. We both know that the evening will probably end without either of us meeting anyone compelling, and then sitting up together all night at some dive bar laughing over some loser's attempt to get into your pants. But either way it should be a fun night. 

You get home and find me sitting on your couch, waiting for you. Your apartment is vacuumed and dusted and made ready. You wander into your bedroom and laugh as you see that for once, I've made your bed. You point at it and give me a raised eyebrow; I shrug defensively and point out that you never know how the night will go. We have a drink and let the day flow out of us, quietly chatting in the way that established couples do as we share a pizza together. Finally, it's late enough to go out. And so... we do.

We arrive at the bar. This is very much the gay part of town, the part of town where people will assume that we're friends rather than coupled because of the fact that we aren't the same gender. It's liberating. Most of the men here are not staring at you, they're looking at me. Most of the women aren't worried about the men, they're checking out the other women. It's exactly what we're in the mood for tonight. You see me head for the bar proper to get us some drinks; on the way there I'm accosted by some muscle-bound guy who you see say something to me. You see me flush bright pink, meekly reply, and then get the drinks and head back to you. 

"What was that?" you ask. 

"Um... He asked me if I had a little bit of Irish in me. Then he asked if I wanted some." I reply. 

We share a laugh at the audacity of the bold line. It breaks any awkward tension, and you look right at me and see me smirking. My face quickly goes impassive, but we both know I've been caught. 

"Spill it." You demand. You see me contemplate stringing it out further, but I surrender to the inevitable. 

"There's a reason I picked this particular bar tonight." You look at me expectantly, waiting for me to continue. "Well, you see, tonight -" 

I'm cut off suddenly as the bartender taps on a ridiculous microphone and begins to announce...

"LAAAADIES AND OTHER LADIES, WHO'S READY FOR SOME KAAAAAROKE!?!?!?!"

You affix me with a death glare. "KARAOKE!?" Then you smirk, and decide, "Fine. But you're going first!" 

You see me gulp. Hypothetical fun thoughts are confronted with sudden performance anxiety of the impending reality. But you're having none of it; you point to me and call loudly to the bartender, "HE'S FIRST!"

Before I can so much as object the crowd roars their approval and shoves me forward. You have just enough time to see one last deer in the headlights look on my face as I'm involuntarily crowd-surfed up onto this ratty little stage. You see me ask for the song list to choose from, and the bartender/MC laughs, holding up his mic again.

"SO WHAT DO WE WANT TO HEAR HIM SING?"

You see me realize that I won't even get to pick the song. Before either of us can react, the big "Irish" guy we saw earlier bellows in a voice loud enough to stop traffic...

"COME ON EILEEN!!"

The crowd roars its approval and the bartender starts fiddling with his laptop. He hands me the microphone, and you can see me steeling myself to try and do this thing. The song abruptly begins playing halfway through the first verse and I suddenly launch into song, singing loudly and confidently, a confidence that you and I both know is faked but that I'm hoping to get away with. 

As I stumble my way through a pretty horrific rendition of the music, it seems that I will in fact pull it off; partially at least because the crowd is basically singing along for every line anyway. As I'm singing, though, your attention is suddenly taken by a redheaded woman who has worked her way through the crowd to tap you on the shoulder. You lean in close to hear her.

"Is he yours?" she asks. She's beautiful, in kind of a punk-rocker kind of way. Short-cropped red hair, shorts, and a tank-top that says "Skate or DIE" on it. You realize suddenly that you haven't actually answered and that it might start to get awkward so you reply.

"No. Well. Yes. I mean. Sort of. I mean yes. But we're not exclusive. You know?"

Before you can fix the answer any more you see her smile, deep and genuine. 

"Cool. And actually I TOTALLY get it. Mine's over there trying to hit on the bartender for free drinks, and we're not exclusive either."

Your conversation is interrupted and drowned out by a million drunken people screaming suddenly.

"COME ON EILEEN, OH I SWEAR WHAT HE MEANS, AT THIS MOMENT, YOU MEAN EEEEVERYTHING!!"

You both start to giggle as my voice clearly cracks in a failed attempt to hit or hold that note or even come anywhere near it. You stand together, in a sea of happy faces, watching me humiliate myself on stage and try to stumble through the rest of the song, confidence shot but carrying on bravely nonetheless. Finally, as the torture ends, she suddenly leans into you, and says,

"Avi".

You look at her for a moment, and then it dawns on you, and you give her your name as well. She smirks at you impishly and says, "Don't leave without me!"

Before you can consider what she means by that she's gone, disappeared into the crowd without a trace as the song ends and people start moving to and from the bar to get more drinks. You turn back to the stage and see me stepping down as the bartender retrieves his microphone.

"WELL, NOW *I* WANT TO MEET THIS EILEEN!! GIVE IT UP FOR THIS GUY! I THINK HE'S EARNED A FREE DRINK FOR GOING FIRST! OR SHOULD I SAY... CUMMING FIRST!"

The crowd laughs at the horrible joke and 20 people start jumping up and down and trying to go next. As they do, the second bartender pours me a drink, and you start making your way to me. As you start to get close, working your way through the mass of bodies, you see the guy that Avi had pointed out earlier, more clearly. He's tall, somewhere slightly north of 6 foot tall, with short blond hair and clean-shaven. While he's not overly muscular, he's got an athletic frame that suggests some kind of cardio, perhaps biking or some similar thing. As you take him in, you hear him whining to the bartender.

"Well, how come HE gets a drink!?!?! I've been here for you FOREVER, baby!"

The bartender chuckles as he hands me my drink, and replies.

"Well Jimmy, that right there is the only free drink I'm giving out tonight. So unless you're going to take him home and suck it out of him, you're not getting one!"

You see me flush red with embarrassment as I struggle not to spit up my drink. Jimmy notices, too, and leans into me and whispers something else that is damaging to my composure, but I keep it together. Then he kisses me. You watch as my eyes go wide with a mix of surprise and lust, and then he steps back, leaving me totally discombobulated. He turns to leave, sees you watching, gives you a saucy little smirk, and then sashays into the crowd and is gone.

You come to the bar and we share a drink together, discussing our adventures. A few more "entertainers" go up on stage and "perform" some songs, with varying degrees of quality. After 4 or 5 sets, the bartender's laptop suddenly falls to the ground as someone is overly boisterous with a beer, and the music stops. He fiddles with it for a while, and then announces loudly, sans mic:

"The Karoke's on hold for at least a little while, but we'll be right back!"

The bar must have a backup sound system of some sort, as dance music starts to play. The crowd thins slightly, as patrons are disappointed by the sudden cessation of the singing, but many remain. As we sit here taking in this latest development, you suddenly hear a voice at your ear.

"Do you dance?"

You turn to see Avi there. As you make it about halfway through a reply, she grabs your arms and hauls you onto the floor. She smells wonderful. A hint of some fruit and the tang of her body. She dances with you. On you. So close that you can feel her against you. You reach out and touch her and she grabs you and pulls you close. Grinding together. Moving together. You can taste her on the air. Then you can feel her tasting you as she nibbles your neck during one particularly close maneuver. She turns and rubs her ass into your legs. You can't take much more of that. You run your hands over her body. Feeling her soft breasts. Feeling her tight legs and her muscular body.

You hear her giggle and look to see where she's looking. It seems that Jimmy had similarly hauled me onto the dance floor. However, where you and Avi are grinding together with rhythm and seductive harmony, it's becoming painfully apparent that neither Jim nor myself seem to know the first thing about dancing. While there is a lot of enthusiastic jumping and arm waving, it in no way resembles dancing, and we're clearly making a big effort not to care. 

Before you can analyze the situation any further, though, the beat changes into a more intense cadence. Avi spins around and grabs you, and you're suddenly face to face, nose to nose, forehead to forehead, staring into each other's eyes. You can see it now, that you're close. The mixture of confidence and uncertainty. The blend of arousal and fear of rejection. You can feel that the moment has come. The moment that will decide the course of action of the remainder of the evening. The music seems to fade, and your peripheral vision drops to zero, as you look into her eyes...

And kiss her lips. 

The music seems to rush back. She kisses you back. Passionately. You're 

both barely swaying to the music as you begin one of the most passionate make-out sessions of your girl-on-girl career. You're dimly aware that you're still on a dance floor, but nothing seems to matter. You can taste her as you smell her. As you kiss her you can feel her against your body. Pressing into you. Firm and insistent. The song seems to go on forever as you just lose yourself in the sensations. Nibbling on her lip. Feeling her hand on the back of your head. Feeling her other hand planted firmly on your ass. Rubbing her breasts into yours. 

Suddenly, however, the song does actually end. With it, the actual music stops completely, and you see that the bartender appears to have repaired his laptop and is getting ready to resume Karaoke. You look around and see that I am standing in Jim's arms, with a distinctly disheveled look to my appearance. I see you looking and smile sheepishly. 

The four of us share a look. Clearly, it's well past time for Karaoke. Avi bites her lip and asks what we're all wondering.

"Your place or ours? We're about 45 minutes away..."

Your place is a mere 20 minutes. But we have two cars and four people. As we get outside, she piles into the car with you, calling dibs on the "Ladies Ride" and I head to the other car with Jim. The entire ride over is filled with sexual tension and need. At every red light she's kissing you. At every long stretch you can feel her fingers trailing along your arm. It takes every ounce of concentration you have not to pull over or wreck the car. Finally, after what feels like an eternity, you arrive at your place. Somehow, you can see that Jim and I have gotten there first, but are still waiting in the car. You can't see what we're discussing due to the fact that the windows are tinted. Avi giggles and motions for you to be quiet. The two of you sneak up to the car, and then Avi loudly knocks. You hear a thud and a hint of some kind of motion, and then Jim and I spill out of the car as he rubs his head, having apparently knocked it on something. Avi giggles and playfully calls him a slut. I stand there bashfully, until you notice my fly is undone. When you point, I zip it suddenly and explain.

"Um... he wanted me to drive." As if that actually explains anything. You give me an eyebrow and shake your head ruefully, as we all know where this evening is leading. You're not actually upset, though, and we all practically fly up the stairs to your place. Once we get up there, we all stand awkwardly in your living room for a brief moment. I pour some drinks, just to cut the ice again. 

Avi is the first to speak.

"So earlier... when I asked if he was yours and you said yes... Did you mean he's your partner, or did you mean he's your property?" You explain that both conditions hold true, but that we're more casual about it than others we know. 

"So when I said Jim's mine, I meant it both ways as well... but we're actually fairly serious about it. He'll do whatever we ask of him." 

"Really?" you reply. "Like what?"

Avi speaks again in a tone you hadn't heard before. "Jim, suck G's cock."

Before either of us can object (not that we were going to) he's on his knees in front of me. You watch in astonishment as he fishes out my dick and goes to work. In no time flat I'm hard as a rock, leaning back against a wall, receiving oral sex from an eager and athletic man. 

You decide to take a hand in this adventure. "That's nice and all, but you know what G really needs is a good ass-fucking." I look up at you in shock and you smirk and wink. Jimmy looks at Avi for confirmation. 

"You heard the lady!" she snaps, and then smiles at you playfully. "Good call." It seems Jim has brought all the supplies he might need. You see me watch as he pulls out condoms and lube. 

"Hey!" you call out. He stops. "Warm him up first!" He leans in and begins to kiss me. We both gradually disrobe and stand together naked, entwined in each other. As you watch the passion escalate, you feel Avi touching you, and you silently turn towards her and begin to kiss again. 

"Do you like to watch him with another man?" she asks. You can only nod, as she is kissing her way around your neck, starting to fiddle with the straps on your bra in an unhurried way as she slowly lifts your shirt over your head. 

"I've... never actually seen..." you stammer as you see him slowly stroking me and licking and kissing my chest.

She pulls up and says, "Oh, then we should make sure you get a good view..." she pushes you down onto the futon and leans over you, kissing you as you lean back, hooking your leggings and sliding them down, down over your knees, past your ankles, and off your body. You feel the electric current of vulnerability and excitement as she surveys your naked body, and you see your lust mirrored in her eyes. She rips off her own tank top, revealing her full and firm breasts to you. She lowers herself down onto you, grinding her leg into your sex, slowly rubbing up and down as she kisses you and you lose yourself in the feeling and the excitement. She kisses your face, your neck, your chest, and then stops and looks up at you. You stare down at her, at this beautiful vision with red hair and see her smirking. She points over at me, and you see that Jim has worked his way behind me, and is kissing the back of my neck as he slowly strokes my cock. You can see that he's got a condom on, and that it is lubed up pretty well. 

"Watch them..." She says. You turn your head sideways, only 3 feet away from me, as Jim lines up behind me. You're not even certain that I know what is about to happen, as I am clearly lost in the endorphins and sensations. Suddenly you feel your legs spread, and glance down to see a host of red hair lowering itself onto your womanhood. She looks up at you, and cocks her head towards me again. 

"Watch..." She whispers. You turn your head back towards me and she begins to lick you. Slowly. Firmly. Then lightly. You've received oral sex before... you've even had pretty good oral sex before. You realize that whatever you had before had no relation whatsoever to what oral sex was supposed to feel like. Avi is incredible. She knows just how to lick you. Just how to breathe on you. When to kiss and when to flick and when to suck. Her tongue has a mind all of its own. You begin to lose track of exactly what she IS doing, and it all blurs together into an electric current pulsing through you. 

Your eyes shoot open from the sensation, just in time to see Jim suddenly grab me by the shoulders, and slowly, but firmly, push himself into me. You see my eyes go wide as saucers, and in that moment, we make eye contact. I see you watching me get fucked. You see me watching you get fucked. In that moment our love deepens and our bond grows and as you feel it you feel yourself cum, harder than you can remember cumming before. As you do you cry out, and the sound makes my eyes roll back in my head as Jim picks up his pace and begins to methodically saw in and out of me. 

Normally after an orgasm you need a minute to come down from the sensitivity; not this time. Avi knows exactly what she's doing and dials her intensity down, keeping it just on the edge of being too much while not being too much. Your body continues to thrive and buck at a lower intensity, and you realize that you're already working towards a second orgasm, chaining into the first in an unending sequence of sexual satisfaction. You lean into it, bearing down on her face as she begins to tongue-fuck you, driving her muscular tongue into your pussy and flicking at your clit with her nose and lips. At the same time, you see that my cock has begun to simply flow precum at a steady rate. My eyes are no longer focused on anything, and Jim is slamming home into me over and over again with considerable force. Seeing me treated this way and feeling her face fucking you suddenly drives you over the edge again, and this time you can't contain the noise as you call out your orgasm incomprehensibly. This time she slows down with you and stops, and comes up and lies down behind you. You nestle into her body, your ass against her pussy, and you can feel her excitement dripping out of her. You lean forward, making a small bit of room, and then slide your hand down her body, into her moist cunt. She sighs loudly, and begins to slowly press against you, humping your fingers and your butt as you both continue to watch your own private gay sex show.

You realize with a start that I've somehow already cum several times. There's too much of me on the towel on the floor for it to be precum. You look at my eyes and it's clear that wherever I am, it's not really here anymore, but it's a happy place. You take a moment to look at them, and look at me. To see your boyfriend. Your partner. Your love. Bent over and getting fucked in the ass by a man you both just met. It's an incredible experience. As you watch, I seem to cum again. But not in any way you've really seen before. My body tenses, and then arches... and then relaxes, and there's another flow of semen out of my still erect member. 

Avi is now really getting into her own orgasm. You can feel her breathing getting ragged. You can feel her cunt flowing freely all over you. Her juices mixing with yours. Her scent invading your nose. She begins to hump against you ever more insistently. As she does you see that Jim has now reached his limit as well. He begins to fuck with wonton abandon, and shortly screams his orgasm into my ass. Hearing that, you see me cum one more time, and the sounds of that drive Avi over the edge as well. She begins to flow all over you, harder, and more freely. You roll over and slide down, kissing her, licking her sex, tasting her orgasm, as she rides your face through the back half of the orgasm and you clean her up. Her cunt tastes delicious and sweet and tangy and incredible. She pulls you up and kisses you, and you can taste yourself and herself and both of you together as you hold each other and enjoy a nice, languid make-out session devoid of the intensity of the earlier need, but filled with the intimacy of a shared wondrous experience. After a little while, you hear Jim cough politely. As you both disentangle yourselves to look, you see that he's largely dressed.
