 While John and Kandy were sitting at the supper table, Kandy looked at John and said, "I have a confession to make." 

John took a drink of his coffee and said, "You do, what kind of confession?"

Kandy swallowed hard and said, "Do you remember how reluctant I was to the idea of swinging?"

John replied, "Oh yes, I thought you would kick my ass and make me sleep on the sofa forever. I hope you're not still mad at the way we tricked you two women into fucking that night."

Kandy smiled and said, "No, but I must confess that I was not really deceived. You see I already knew you were planning something and had heard part of the conversation. Therefore, when Erin and I went shopping we stopped for coffee and talked about everything. Remember when I told you we had planed a girl's night out, no men allowed?"

John blushed and said, "Ok, so you had an idea about what was going on. What else do you have to tell me? "

Kandy then said, "When we decided to go out that Friday night, it was to a hotel. Erin had confided in me that she knew very little about sex before she met Jeff and she wanted to know more. We came up with the idea of going to a hotel so that I could teach Erin about sex. Sort of like a show-n-tell sex education. We had fun and decided we would try new thing and if we did not understand thing to either talk to each other or the men in our lives."

John almost fell off his chair, he never heard Kandy talk like this. He then said, "Well I do not believe my ears honey. You know I would never do anything you were uncomfortable with or that would hurt you baby? "

Kandy replied, "Yes I know that, I was just afraid that if I tried new things we would drift apart and I would loose you."

John was up walked over too her and helped her stand up and held her close and kissed her passionately. He then said, "There is nothing you can do that will ever tear us apart I love you too much darling."

Kandy melted into John's arms and said, "Good. Now that I have that out in the open, when can the four of us get together again? I really enjoyed it and want to do more."

Erin was lying in Jeff's arms reminiscing about what just happened. She had watched the sex video several times and decided to try something new. She even called Kandy one day and had her take her shopping for some sexy items. She bought a 7-inch silver vibrator and a red-hot nightie. She then told Kandy of her plan and she said go for it, and then fill her in on the details later. 

That evening she told Jeff she was going to bed early, not because she was tired, but because she had a surprise for him. Then told him to wait about 35 minutes and join her in the bedroom. She then showered and pampered herself and put on the nightie. She then turned down the bed, turned every light on in the bedroom. She then climbed on the bed and laid the silver toy next to her. She rolled and pinched her nipples until they were hard and erect and her pussy was drenched....then waited.

Jeff looked at his watch three times wondering what was up with Erin. She seemed happy and nervous tonight. He concluded that she must have been thinking about the barbeque and wanted to fuck. He ran to the bedroom and almost past out. There was Erin was sitting on the bed in a scrumptious red-hot nightie.

Jeff turned to close the door and shut out the lights and Erin said, "Honey, you do not have to close the door or turn the lights off."

Jeff was surprised now, he turned and asked, "Ok what's up, did I do something wrong?"

Erin grinned and said, "No, you did not do anything wrong. Now take your clothes off and sit on the bed and watch me."

Still puzzled, Jeff did as she instructed, his cock already semi hard and anxious.

Erin raised her nightie spread her legs and ran her fingers across her wet slit then brought them to her lips and licked them. Then uttered, "Do you like what you see darling?"

Jeff said, "Ooooh yeah," and went too move closer.

Erin stopped his and said, "Oh, please stay there baby and watch me for a minute more. You will love it."

Jeff watched as Erin spread her pussy lips and ran her index finger around her clit then inside herself. She then removed the nightie and with her, other hand pinched and rolled her nipples. As her hand tantalized her clit, her other hand continued to play with her hard nipples. 

Erin then said, "Jeff, stroke your cock as you watch me masturbate."

Oh god, Jeff loved what was happening. He reached down and began stroking his cock. He then said, "Oh honey, how did you know I wanted to watch you masturbate?"

Erin said, "Remember when Kandy and I went out last Friday. We decided to go to a hotel where she could teach me some things about sex. She also had a video on how to make love to a man. You see I do not know much about sex or pleasing you. Since that night, I have learned a lot."

Jeff then said, "Oh honey, remind me to thank Kandy."

Erin replied, "OK, but for now, come here. I want to masturbate as you slide your cock in my mouth. This time lover, I want to show you I know how to suck your cock and if you want I will swallow your load!" 

Jeff went over to Erin and ran his cock around her lips then slid it into her hot mouth. He watched as she feverously rubbed her clit. When she picked up the vibrator and turned it on, he almost blew his load. GOD she was hot. 

He then said, "That's it baby fuck your cunt with that toy make it hot for daddy. Erin I love what you're doing to my dick, suck it harder baby, oooooh yes, slow down or I will cum in your mouth."

Erin stopped sucking and said, "Cum in my mouth baby!" Then she went back to sucking his cock deep and hard. As she rubbed her clit, she shoved the toy deep inside her pussy. Oh, Kandy was right this feels so good. She then quivered and covered the toy and hand with her sweet nectar.

Jeff watched her cum harder then he had ever seen her and shot his load deep down her throat. When he was done he said, "Lay back honey, I am dying to lick you clean and taste that sweet honey of yours." He ate Erin and made her climax again. By that time, his dick was hard and he fucked her wanting pussy slow bringing to the edge of ecstasy and beyond. 

They fucked well into the night. Jeff was pleased and he said, "Darling, I love you. I am so pleased because you finally took a step and tried something new."

Erin kissed his cheek and said, "Thanks Jeff, this really means a lot to me. However I do have one question?"

Jeff then said, "Ok what is it?"

Erin said, "We can we get together with John and Kandy again? I am dying to have another fuck party."

Jeff then said, "Well, why don't you call Kandy and the two of you plan the next party." He continued fucking Erin until the both fell asleep exhausted.

The following day just after Jeff left for work, Erin called Kandy. She said, "I am dying to tell you how last night went. I went to bed before Jeff told him to join me in thirty-five minutes. I was wearing the red nightie and had the door open and every bedroom light on. I put on a little masturbation show for him. Oooh god Kandy, I have never seen his cock that hard. I even sucked his cock and swallowed his load. Thank you for helping me."

Kandy replied, "Well I am glad you had fun too. John and I had a great time too and I told him I wanted to meet with you two again."

Erin then said, "That is why I called. I told the same thing to Jeff, he said to call you, and the two of us can plan another "fuck party."

Kandy giggled and said, "Erin, if you are not busy, come over right now. We can start planning things. "

Erin almost shouted into the phone and said, "I be right their give me time to find my shoes."

Kandy told Erin goodbye. Then sat there thinking of what they could do next and felt, her nipples harden and her clit throb. Maybe they could all go down to the cabin, oh that will be so hot she thought.

Someone knocked on the door and Kandy walked over to the door to see who it was. She opened the door and said, "Come on in girlfriend, I will get you a cup of coffee. Then we can figure out what to do next."

The two of then sat at the kitchen table wondering what they could do next. Kandy made a suggestion to go to their cabin and maybe had a weekend of fucking. 

Erin told her that would be a hot idea, but they could only do maybe one night as Jeff had a business trip the next week.

Kandy then said, "Well how about just a night at the cabin? We can meet make a picnic basket and even roast marshmellows over a campfire."

Erin replied, "Now that sounds like a lot of fun. I think it will be nice to get away from cooking for a while. Why don't we ask the men about it."

Kandy then said, "Ok, let's do. Do you have anything planned for next Saturday?"

Erin told her that was fine. They decided each couple would bring two sleeping bags and a change of clothing.

When John got home from work, Kandy told him of their plan. John then said, "Honey that is a great idea. So you are okay with me fucking Erin?"

Kandy replied, "It's okay with me, if you are not bothered by me fucking Jeff again. Ooooh god, I cannot wait."

Erin told Jeff of the plan and he could not wait to call John. When John answered the phone, Jeff said, "Well looks like we are going to your cabin next Saturday. How about we all meet here and we can take my SUV, that way no one will get hung up in traffic."

John replied, "That is a great idea Jeff. The women have a list of things to do. I will have the grocery store make up a picnic basket for us, no beer this time. I want to have all my faculties awake when I fuck Erin again."

Jeff then said, "Awww come on. I want one beer, make it a six pack then we wont get drunk."

John agreed and told Jeff that he would see them around three p.m. that Saturday as it takes two hours to get to the cabin. 

Saturday came and Erin and Jeff were at John's house by one p.m. John looked at Kandy and said, "Well looks like we are not the only ones anxious.

The piled the stuff into the SUV and headed toward the cabin. John then said, "I think that it's cool enough for a fire and still warm enough to sleep outside. I am going to build a fire while the women set the table. Then we can set up the sleeping bags around the fire, open of course, so two people can share each one. God my dick is hard just thinking about things."

Jeff replied, "You're not the only one hot, hard and horny."

Erin pocked Jeff in the ribs and said, "Well, you will just have to wait until tonight."

Kandy nodded in agreement then said, "Oooh we are going to treat you guys for all you have done to bring us out of our shells tonight."

John grinned and said, "Oh fuck, I cannot wait." 

Jeff seconded that idea, as his dick was already hard. 

They arrived, set up camp making sure the sleeping bags were next to each other around the fire. Each of them wanted to be able to watch the other as the fucked under the stars in the light of the fire. Then they all enjoyed the fried chicken, potato salad, green beans and of course, the six pack of beer. Then ended the meal telling jokes and roasting marshmellows. 

As they watched the sun go down and the women excused themselves telling the men they needed to put the food away. Once inside the cabin Kandy asked, "Erin want to play a tease game with me?"

Erin said, "You bet, fill me in on what to do."

Kandy then said, "Well first we need to strip and put on one of the men's big shirts that button up. Then slowly unbutton then and flash them our tits and pussies until they cannot take it anymore."

Erin squealed, "Oh god, count me in, I'm ready."

When the two came out of the house each was wearing one of their husband's long shirts. The men looked at each other and smiled, then removed everything but their boxer shorts. 

As the men talked, Kandy looked at Erin and she nodded. Then the women would slowly unbutton the shirts one button at a time. The men begin fidgeting and had large bulges in the front of their shorts. 

Erin saw John's cock protruding from his underwear and said. "Oh Kandy, MMM, don't that look good?"

Kandy then dropped her shirt and so did Erin. Exhibiting there naked body for the men to see in the glow of the fire. 

Kandy went over to Jeff and stood over him and said, "Eat my cunt!"

Jeff slid out of his shorts and then moved between her legs lapping at her cunt eagerly.

Erin moved over to John and pulled his rock hard cock out of then knelt between his legs and started tonguing his cock.

Jeff stopped for a moment to watch then winked at Erin and resumed eating Kandy's hot pussy.

Even though Erin had never done this before, she tingled all over. The thought of Jeff watching her in the firelight and the coolness of the night air make her clit throb even more. 

John watched Kandy and Jeff. He loved the idea of being able to watch her with another man and not be jealous. Oh god it was so hot watching Jeff eat another woman's pussy. He then looked down and saw Erin fingering her drench pussy. God she was wet, he said, "Slide three fingers in your cunt baby, and let me see you cum as I fuck your mouth!"

Erin started masturbating and sucking John deeper and harder. Ooooh she had never felt so turned on before. 

Jeff watched Erin with John and was not envious. He watched as she worked John's cock over. When she started masturbating, he could not stand it anymore, he stopped eating Kandy long enough to take off his shorts and slow start stroking his cock. 

Kandy looked over at John she was so turned on that her juices literally covered Jeff's chin. Oh, god the sight of another woman sucking John's cock was going to make her climax. She down at Jeff and said, "Lay down baby, I want that cock in my mouth as you eat me!" 

Erin looked up into John's eyes, they were glued on his hot wife and Jeff. She felt his cock pulsate with the veins rubbing the sides of her mouth and knew he was going to cum soon. Erin then stopped sucking his cock long enough to say, "Cum on my tits John." 

Just then, John blew his load all over Erin's nipples and then rubbed it around with his cock. 

That did it, Kandy started shaking and covered Jeff's face with her sweet nectar.

Jeff then shock and climaxed dumping his load down Kandy's throat.

Each of them looked at the other wondering what they would do next. Kandy climbed off Jeff and walked over to Erin. She sat down by her and gently massaged John's cum into Erin's breast as she pulled at her nipples. She then leaned down and licked John's cum off Erin's breasts.

Erin then did something she thought she would never do. She pulled Kandy's face toward her and kissed her on the lips. 

It was apparent to the men watching that the two women were sharing John's cum between them. John then said, "Oh fuck, that is so hot!"

Jeff then said, "Oh god, I am getting hard again."

Erin said, "MMM, I'm ready for round two, is anyone else?" She then went over and took Jeff's cock in her mouth lathering it up good.

Kandy moved over to John and was sucking on his cock too, oooh she loved his cock, and could never get enough. When he was rock hard she stopped sucking and said, "Erin are you still ready for round two, get over here and slid that cunt down on John's cock."

Erin stopped sucking Jeff long enough to say, "Oh my god am I ready! I won't do John unless you come over her and slide your pussy down on Jeff's cock." The two women squealed and moved

John lay on his back and Erin stood over him. She then straddled his hips slowly impaling her pussy onto his cock. John grabbed her hips and she slowly began fucking him. She then begin rolling and pinching her nipples. 

Kandy moved over to Jeff, straddled his hips and slammed her pussy down hard on his hot hard cock. Then she rode him slowly as she pulled and pinched at her swollen nipples.

John could not take his eyes off Kandy fucking Jeff. It was so hot he did not know how much more he could take before filling Erin's pussy. 

Erin stopped playing with her nipples, then leaned over and while fucking John sucking in his right nipple and bit it. That was all it took, John exploded deep in Erin's pussy. He then pulled her breast to his mouth, sucked in the left nipple and bit it. She screamed and climaxed. 

Kandy began to jerk and Jeff knew it would not be long before she climaxed. He wet his right index finger and placed it against her asshole, teasing it until it popped in. Kandy threw her head back and screamed, "Oh, Yessss, finger my ass, aaarrrggghhh," covering his cock and ball with her juices.

Jeff then grabbed Kandy by the hips and came deep inside her. 

Kandy then looked at them all and said, "John don't call me, HOTSTUFF" for nothing. Who's ready for round three? "