 "I didn't bring my swimsuit." Karen repeated. It was probably the third time she made the same argument about why she couldn't get into the pool and still Enrique and Sara insisted she get into the water. Both of them were currently stripped down to their undergarments and lazily swimming around in the cool water, not that their clothing was doing much for their modesty.

Karen could already see Enrique's cock outlined by his soaked boxers. It brought back memories of their single heated encounter when she stared at the silhouette of his package. Right next to him stood the vixen currently in control of his heart and her best friend Sara. 

Sara was dressed in a lavender bra and matching thong with a cat paw print on the crotch not that either were concealing her body much. Her dark brown nipples were clearly visible through the soaked fabric. At the same time Karen could easily Sara's pussy around her thong and of curse she had a great view of her cute ass every time she started swimming around the pool. "Nobody did, just get in." Sara smiled splashing her best friend before lazily floating away in the pool. 

They were all in Sara's backyard and sitting around the spa where they had began empty beer bottles were scattered all around. A bottle of rum, half emptied, rested by the three. "If she doesn't want to get in, she doesn't have to." Enrique teased wrapping his arms around Sara's middle and gently kissing her on the cheek.

"No, it's no ok." Sara replied pushing him away with her rear and swimming back over to Karen. "If you don't get your ass in here right now I will pull you in with your cloths on.

"I'm not getting in." Karen repeated stepping away from the pool. 

Sara frowned and climbed out of the water with following her friend. "What's up girl? I know you aren't nervous about being naked. Not you." Sara teased tugging at her friend's shirt. 

"I told you I don't have a swimsuit." 

"Then skinny dip." Karen's eyes widened at the idea.

"You're kidding." Sara didn't answer; instead she reached behind her back and pulled unfastened her bra and tossed it aside then gripped her panties and slid out of them dropping them on the concrete. Sara had always been an attractive woman with a slender waist and the wide hips that made every man's mouth water when they looked at her. 

"Fine." Karen pulled off her stripped down slowly staring at Sara. She hated being around Sara, it was so hard to get anybody to pay attention to her when she was around. Sara was everything that a man wanted, slender and pretty. It made her self conscious just to look at her.

Sara glanced back over her shoulder at Enrique who'd swam to the edge of the pool to stare at the two nude women. "Look at him, just like horny dog." Sara said motioning toward the smiling male. She leaned closer crushing her smallish breasts against Karen's D-cups and whispering in her ear. "Wanna give him a show?"

"What did you have in mind?" Karen whispered back running her hand down her friend's side and squeezing her ass.

"I dunno, maybe a kiss or too. Just enough to get the boy's blood pumping. Sara shot back leaning just a little big closer; they could have kissed if they'd wanted.

"Come here baby, get a front row seat." Karen rasped in her sexy voice motioning towards lawn chair. Sara smiled and the two girls pressed up against each other beckoning him closer before turning their attentions back to each other for a kiss. It was done for show so of course there was plenty of tongue wrestling and hands slipping over wet bodies for a decent grasp. Karen was the first to let loose a moan tilting her head back so Sara could start kissing and licking along her neck.

"Don't' do that." Karen whispered as her friend kissed that special spot on her throat that sent shivers up her spine. "Really." It might have sounded like a protest but it was quite the opposite, she didn't want the euphoric feeling to end so soon. She loved it whenever anybody kissed that spot, it made her knees weak and her pussy wet.

"Why not." Sara responded gently sucking on Karen's neck, nipping here and there and then inching lower towards her breasts. Karen turned her head down to watch Sara moving down over her collar and start licking over her tits. It was amongst the most incredible feeling she'd ever experience until Sara's lips closed around her nipple. 

The look on Enrique's face as the two women explored each other was absolutely priceless. His jaw had dropped when their lips had locked and his tongue rolled out as the two women had started pawing at each other's tits. Both women were moaning lustily and occasionally tossing him a wayward glance.

"Anything special you'd like to see baby?" Karen asked smiling as she stared at David's cock tenting his boxers toward the night sky. He didn't respond, instead he continued to stare dumbly at the two girls as Sara slipped behind her friend cupping her breasts and still kissing along her throat. She made quite a show of pinching on her friend's pierced D cups, twisting them, mashing them gently in her hands. "Look at that." Karen whispered over her shoulder.

"What should we do about it?" Sara whispered back slipping one hand down her Karen's soft stomach, tracing her naval with a manicured nail. The finger ventured lower to Karen's smooth shaven pussy gently parting her lips.

Biting down on her lower lip to keep from screaming Karen moaned and leaned back against Sara. "I don't know. Maybe suck it, or take turns." She wriggled slightly against Sara parting her legs just a little for her friend.

"You suck and I can lick his nuts?" Sara suggested as her fingertip found Karen's clit. 

Karen's body flexed all at once as a jolt of electricity shot up her spine dragging a silent sigh through her lips. She could barely stand as her friend slipped a single finger into moist hole searching around for that spot. Sara smiled as Karen's spine straightened drawing a second moan through her lips. "I think he's feeling a bit left out." Karen gasped grinding her hips against Sara's fingers. Enrique for his part had one hand over his cock rubbing it through the wet fabric. 

"Let's go help him." Sara suggested releasing Karen and strutting over to the man. Together with Karen they each gripped one side of Enrique's boxers pulling them down and off. Sara was the first to wrap her lips around his shaft though bobbing her head up and down over the tip of his cock. Karen had to settle for kneeling between his legs and lapping at his nuts.

"Oh god." Enrique whispered as the two girls started to work on him. He strained his head up for a view of the two girls orally servicing his cock. Sara had him almost half way down her throat, about as far as she could get without gagging and Karen was noisily slurping on one of his nuts when he gasped.

"I'll show you how to suck a dick honey." Karen teased gently pushing her friend aside and wrapping her lips around Enrique's shaft. "Watch and learn." She took a deep breath and started slurping hungrily on his cock letting her saliva grease his pole as she inched lower. Sara and Enrique watched as Karen forced his cock deeper and deeper into her mouth. There was a slight pause when he hit her throat followed by a gagging noise but she kept going until her nose pressed up against his stomach.

"Wow." Sara gasped watching her friend deep throat. She sat there in awe for a moment as Karen worked her way up and down his cock before turning to kiss him. "I hope you're enjoying this baby."

Enrique didn't speak; he just nodded his head up and down gripping at the chair's steel frame as Karen continued working on him. Sara straddled his hips inching down towards her friend's face. "Me to." She moaned.

Karen smiled up at her moving her lips to Sara's pussy parting her folds and licking at her. Sara instantly jumped as Karen's tongue found its way to her clit gently grazing the spot. She reached down tangling her fingers in Karen's hair as she bucked her hips up. "Hold still honey." Karen teased slipping a pair of fingers into Sara's pussy pumping. Her tongue found its way back to the underside of Enrique's cock coating it saliva. "Raise up Sara." Sara did just that lifting her hips up as Karen guided Enrique's cock into her.

Enrique let a pleasured gasp escape his lips as he moved his hands to Sara's hips guiding her up and down over his shaft. Karen was only a few inches away from Enrique's cock as it split open her best friend's cunt. She could see the juices flowing down over his shaft down to his marinating his balls in Sara's unique flavor. Karen's tongue slipped back out to dance out slurping up her girlfriend's juices.

"Up here." Sara pulled Karen up mashing her lips to Karen's. The two girls moaned into the kiss swapping spit and the taste of Sara's juices. Sara kept her grip on Karen's face pulling her even closer as she screamed out her first orgasm of the night into Karen's mouth.

"Stop!" Karen gasped putting her hands over Enrique's and holding her friend hips steady for a moment. "I want some too." Karen purred lifting her friend up off Enrique and taking her by the hand. She led Sara to the spa and sat her down at the edge and together the vixens slipped into the heated water. "Come on over Enrique; don't tell me you're done already." Karen leaned over the edge of the Jacuzzi letting her pierced nipples press against the cool concrete as she beckoned him over. 

Enrique slowly stood up from his spot on the lawn chair still slightly dazed by the two girls nearly fighting over his cock. He just sort of followed the two girls and slid down into the water where Karen turned and kissed him. "Fuck me." She hissed between heated kisses leaning back over the edge of the spa. Enrique slid beneath the hot bubbling water and gripped her hips lining him up with her cunt before sliding in.

Both of them let loose a moan as she pushed her hips back against Enrique's cock. Karen looked back over her shoulder at him pursing her lips as he pushed into her from behind splashing the hot water around her thighs. To her right Sara had turned back toward Enrique wrapping her lips around his nipples and suckling gently.

Karen moaned as the water continued to slosh around her and his cock stayed buried in her cunt sawing in and out over her clit. It wasn't going to take her long to cum, not with her best friend kissing the man who was fucking her. Her cunt was already starting to clench around his thick shaft as she got closer to her climax. "Harder." She hissed. 

In response Enrique dug his fingers into her soft hips and started slamming into her again. His cock was pulsing inside her each thrust bringing him closer. "I'm gonna."

"Cum," Karen finished squeezing her muscles around him and thrusting back harder. 

That thrust was all it took for either of them to cum. That final clench of her cooch around his cock had him exploding his hot cum into her well fucked pussy. The feeling of him letting his juices loses deep inside her- It was the feeling of his cum flooding her cunt that pushed her over the edge clawing at the cold concrete as she felt her cunt clenching around his cock. "Oh god cum." Karen rasped clenching her cunt down around Enrique's hard shaft squeezing down until she felt his hot juices spraying her insides. Her fingers scraped over the concrete as her pussy clenched down coating his cock with girl cream. "Don't stop!" She insisted still pumping her hips back against him until the orgasm finally died down.

Enrique pulled his cock free of her and sat down in the spa leaning his head back. "Pass me a beer." He held his hand out blindly. Sara grabbed a beer took a swallow herself and then handed it to him before curling up at his side nibbling at his ear.

"You gonna be ready for another round soon?" Karen asked cuddling up opposite Sara. Beneath the water Karen had one hand on his balls gently rolling them around as Sara started stroking him back to life. 

"We should have pool parties more often." Enrique smiled staring up into the starry night.