 It was late afternoon at the inn. Karen had just finished cleaning up behind the bar, carrying on a conversation with her co-workers Mark and Tom. They were breakfast and lunch wait-staff just coming off their shift. They were college-age summer employees at this seasonal resort on the New England coast. Karen thought the boys were cute and sexy, very nice guys. Anyone would agree they were fine examples of very attractive young men: tall, slim, athlete-fit, clean-cut, and intelligent college guys who were destined to go far in life. They sat at the bar making small talk with Karen, each sipping on shots of rum Karen had subtly stolen from the bar. Karen was a very pretty young lady who carried herself with poise. She was also a college student working her summer job. The boys enjoyed stealing glimpses of her muscular butt and pert small breasts with nipples that challenged her lace bra that teased from beneath her fitted white blouse. She was very feminine, short brunette, always with a warm smile.

They were the only ones in the bar at this daytime hour, so their conversation became a bit freewheeling among themselves as the rum loosened their inhibitions. She dared to ask them if they had found girlfriends here in the resort community. The boys told her no, that opportunities for romance were scare lately. Another shot of rum led to Karen asking if they had girlfriends back home or on campus. That was when Mark admitted, perhaps as planned, "Well, we do share a girlfriend or two that we miss back on campus."

That got Karen's attention. "You 'share' a girl or two, you say? What do you mean by 'share' a girl?" She was intrigued by their odd choice of words.

Mark smiled and winked at Tom, both realizing they had caught her attention with this subtle little confession. He seized the opportunity. "Two years ago, Tom and I shared an apartment off campus. Tom had this hot girlfriend who came over one Friday evening planning on spending the weekend with him since I was planning to be away on a ski trip. But my trip fell through and that cancelled my weekend away. His girlfriend was really disappointed by that, because she was looking forward to a weekend of heavy sex with Tom. When I teased her about being so disappointed, she blurted out that we guys now owed her a weekend hot sex. She was being sarcastic, of course, but we called her on it anyway. We both quickly replied that we thought that was a great idea, speaking sarcastically of course. That was all it took. She told us we had crossed a line telling her that because it was every lady's ultimate fantasy to have hot sex with two guys. Minutes later, she was sitting naked on the sofa between us, kissing, touching, licking, sucking, and getting very excited. Tom and I worked her over really good."

Mark hesitated a moment to let his story sink in to an obviously impressed Karen. It was the perfect pause. She had a blank look on her face, obviously envisioning what Mark was describing. She was brightly flushed and her now very erect nipples were straining through her thin bra and tight blouse. The boys knew they were well on their way with this conversation. They could not have planned it any better.

Tom then continued, "We spent a hour giving her so many orgasms, she begged us to fuck her brains out. Being gentlemen, we of course did as she asked. I was surprised to discover that the most erotic part of that was watching Mark fuck her, patiently waiting my turn. And she could not stop cumming. Actually, neither could Tom and I. It's not often guys can be multi-orgasmic, but that night we both certainly were."

Mark answered now, "Yeah, we certainly did. We made such a sloppy mess in her, it was incredible."

"Yeah. It's a good thing we put a towel under her, or we would have ruined that sofa," Tom chuckled. "I never realized sloppy seconds would be so exciting."

"Or thirds and fourths, for that matter," Mark added.

"You actually took turns fucking her?" Karen asked.

Mark answered, " We sure did, over and over. She was in heaven over that. So were we. The three of us spent the weekend naked, experimenting with all sorts of threeway sex. Every day was a different adventure. We spent Friday night taking turns fucking her. She loved being the center of attention. But Saturday was different. She began confessing specific details of her threeway fantasy of sex with two horny guys. Her fantasy was rather detailed and diverse. She gave us lots of ideas and suggestions. So on Saturday, we focused on her desires to have us two guys work on her together, you know, double-fucking her."

"Oh my God," Karen said softly. "You really need to explain that concept to me." She was really interested in that concept. And that was exactly how the boys wanted this conversation to unfold.

"Well," Mark continued, "She had always dreamed of enjoying oral sex on a guy while another guy fucked her. So, being gentlemen, we did our best to accommodate her. I know we sure liked it because Tom and I each came twice, allowing each of us to experience both sides of that scene."

"That is absolutely amazing," Karen said.

"Should we tell her the rest of Saturday's story?" Mark asked Tom. That further seized Karen's attention. 

"If there's more to this story, you damned well better be sharing it with me," she demanded softly but sternly. There is no way she was going to allow them to leave her hanging on this question.

Tom replied, "Well, we were asked to keep it a secret. But at this point, I think we owe it to Karen to tell her, assuming she can keep a secret."

"Fuck, yes, you need to tell me. I assure you I can keep a secret," she told them. She was now lost in her own fantasy, imagining herself in that scene.

"OK. We'll tell you," Tom said. "Her ultimate desire, something she seriously wanted but had no idea if she could actually do it, was for Mark and I to truly double fuck her, you know, squeeze both our cocks into her pussy. I suspected she wanted this and was capable of it because, when we were initially playing with her on the sofa, she absolutely loved having us fill and stretch her pussy with lots fingers. Her most intense, almost scary orgasm came when I had my entire hand, all four fingers and palm all the way to the base of my thumb, pushed way in deep, stretching her completely while Mark licked her. She had an insane climax from that. That told me she would be able to pull off this secret private desire."

"So did you really do it, you know, both fuck her at the same time like that?" Karen asked.

"Oh, yes. We sure did," Mark said proudly. "And it was the most amazing sensation ever."

"Details. I want details, boys. You need to tell me exactly how you did it," Karen giggled nervously.

"Well, Mark laid on his back and she straddled him. I guided Mark's cock into her, then I knelt behind her. There was no worry about lubrication because she was sloppy with semen from our morning rounds with her. The tow of them were flooded with it. Mark and I had already discovered we actually enjoyed playing in all those warm juices. Maybe that makes us gay, or not, it doesn't matter. Anyway, I made myself wet and slippery in it. I carefully lined up my cock and nudged and pushed. I slid right in with no problem. It felt incredible. She pussy was stretched tight and Mark's cock made it even tighter. We all moaned as I slid in, all three of us squeezed together like that. Mark was pinned underneath and she was sandwiched firmly between us, so I was the only one who could actually move, so I set about fucking all of us."

Mark then added, "Feeling Tom rubbing along the length of my cock was the most amazing sensation I ever felt. It was as if he was fucking both her and me at the same time."

"That's because I was fucking both of you," Tom said. "You liked it s much as she did, because it didn't take much for me to make both of you cum like that. She almost immediately climaxed so powerfully, just like she did on the sofa the night before on the sofa when we stretched her with too many fingers. Feeling her orgasm was amazing. But less than a minute later, feeling you cum tipped me over the edge. I could feel every pulse, with all that semen flowing around my cock. I exploded with the biggest ejaculation I had even experienced. We made a huge mess inside her, didn't we, Mark" Tom giggled.

"Yeah, we sure did. she and I were both was flooded. When she finally climbed off me, I was soaked in cum, cock, balls, ass, and huge wet spot on the sheets under me," Mark said. "But that's OK, because we all knew she would want to do that again. I couldn't wait to be the guy on top, making everyone cum like that. Later that evening that is exactly what we did. She was actually getting impatient for us to do her again like that. It was the most intense sex any of us ever experienced. It truly was the three us all fucking each other at the same time. Some might say it was bi-sex, but so what. If that makes us guys bi, then we wear the badge proudly."

"That is so fucking sexy," Karen said.

Mark continued, "Then there was Sunday. That morning she told us her pussy was totally used up, too sore to fuck. But she was extremely horny from everything we had been doing. Plus, us guys had awakened with our best good-morning erections. That was when she started to get creative with us. She told us she was dying to watch us make ourselves cum for her. She begged us to ejaculate all over her, so we did. We discovered that semen mixed with a touch of massage oil makes for a great full body massage. She claimed it was very good for her skin. We actually spent that day creatively masturbating together. She taught us all about using a vibrator, on her and on us."

"Yeah," Tom added. "That was a very enlightening day, exploring all her erotic alternative to fucking. She also swallowed several loads. Mark and I discovered so many unexpected sexual pleasures that we had never before considered."

"Wow, that is so hot," Karen said, staring blankly in a trance as she tried to visualize all this. "What unexpected sexual pleasures did you discover?" she asked, obviously hungry for more tantalizing confessions.

Tom told her, "Mark and I discovered we really enjoyed being naked and sexual together sharing a woman. It's the very best sex ever. It was fun to coordinate with each other, either taking turns or working as a team. And she sure enjoyed that."

Mark continued the conversation, "We discovered that we both enjoyed watching each other fuck a sexy lady, as well as being watched while fucking. And I absolutely loved feeling her already flooded with semen... 'sloppy seconds' she called it. That was surprisingly erotic."

"So, you decided that perhaps you guys are a bit gay or bi-sexual?" Karen asked, genuinely curious.

Tom answered confidently, "Who knows and who cares if that is bi or even gay sex. It felt wonderful and exciting. And we don't do each other. We only play together with a woman in a threeway. It's like the two of us guys merging our sex to increase the excitement and pleasure for all of us. And we found some women really like that."

"So, you guys have repeated that adventure?" Karen asked.

"We could not wait to spend another weekend with her like that. And we did, twice," Mark said. "Then, it turned out she was also having an occasional affair with an older woman, a history professor who was also bi. She confided in her about her threeway relationship with her two boyfriends and that woman immediately became obsessed with experiencing that for herself. Apparently, she had the same powerful fantasy. So we spent the last weekend ending the semester at this professor's cottage. She was a gorgeous fifty-year-old who could not get enough sex from us, as our girlfriend watched and directed. It was really hot."

"Wow, that is so fucking sexy," Karen said softly. "I can't believe you haven't found a girlfriend here in town for the summer?"

"Well, we did have one very naughty, very secret encounter a few weeks ago," Mark said, hoping to tantalize Karen further,

"You're not going there, are you," Tim protested.

"Why not? We can kiss and tell when it is naughty and forbidden. It makes the adventure all the better, right? Besides, Karen should hear about our secret spot. She might want to check it out for herself." Mark argued.

"Well, OK. If you think Karen would appreciate it. But, Karen, you have to be able to keep a big secret."

"Of course I can," she quickly replied.

Mark began to explain, "My uncle owns a very secluded stretch of beach not far from here. It is an awesome spot to go to hang out and relax, lying in the sun naked and do a little skinny-dipping, totally safe from anyone intruding. Anyway, the resort owner's wife was flirting shamelessly with us when she came to visit the resort a few weeks ago. Since we are both suckers for flirting with a sexy older woman, we ended up inviting her to steal away to check out our secret spot. She absolutely loved it. When we mentioned skinny-dipping, she was on it in a flash. The three of us stripped down and took a quick swim. She was soon fondling us and asking if this was a place where we could safely play naughty without getting caught. She started out setting some strict boundaries for playing naughty, you know, just mutual masturbation. That was surprisingly exciting to enjoy together."

This was where Tom took over the conversation, "She loved it. We loved it. As we played like that, she started getting into sharing naughty fantasies. When we told her about our threeway adventures back at school, she was suddenly very taken with our story. She quickly dismissed her boundaries, telling us that was her ultimate fantasy. That seems to be a common force among the women we have encountered. Anyway, we ended up fucking her brains out right there under the warm sunshine on a blanket on the beach as the sun set. Doing it outdoors in the daytime like that made it so different and exciting. It was amazing. It was a bit late by the time we brought her back to the resort. We have no idea what became of her after that."

"That is so sexy," Karen said softly.

That was when Mark swooped in, asking her, "So enough about us. Do you have a boyfriend?" That was a loaded question at this point, but it did fit the conversation considering it was the same question she had asked them at the start of this conversation. It seemed as if Mark were trying to bring the conversation back to a rational, sane, more innocent level. But not really

"Um, yes. The problem is he works mostly the evening shift at another resort, while I usually work the day shift here. We don't get together more than once or twice a week, which is really frustrating," she said.

"Like this evening?" Tom asked.

"Yeah, like this evening. We do have a date tonight, but it won't be until nearly midnight after he is off his shift. And he'll be tired. We aren't really serious, just a short summer romance, a bit of mutual comfort and companionship. That makes it a bit frustrating and not as satisfying as I'd like. But sometimes you just have to go with what you've got at hand. And after hearing a story like that, it is going to be even more frustrating," she said, sounding a bit sad.

"Well," Mark said, taking his turn to speak, "That secluded slice of beach is a very safe and private spot. It's at the end of a locked gated gravel road, and we have the only key. We were planning on heading there as soon as we get off work this afternoon. You do know that we would love to invite you to join us there." This was where the boys intended for the conversation to lead.

"Are you boys trying to pick me up?" she asked with a nervous giggle.

Tom answered, "Actually, we are, to be honest with you. You're the sexiest lady we've met all summer and we are both dying to play with you. So, would you dare to join us for the evening on a private secluded stretch of beach? And if you prefer, we don't have to have sex with you. We would love to just play with you, you know, pleasure you a bit. We absolutely love that. Or we can just hang out with no expectations, and just enjoy a warm beach setting. It's just an invitation with no expectations; whatever you would enjoy."

"You guys are really good. You're very persuasive. And you have made me so fucking horny hearing your story. I have known you guys for two months now and I feel quite safe around you. Yeah, I think I would dare to join you for the evening. It sounds like a really romantic setting and the weather is perfect for it. Why don't I go shower and change into my bathing suit and meet you out front in a half hour? What should I bring?" she asked, suddenly finding herself trembling with excitement now that she has admitted she would like to go with them.

"Just bring whatever you think would make this nice for yourself; a blanket, towel, lotion, any beach toys you might enjoy," Tom coaxed with a wink. She realized he was being suggestive, giving her permission to prepare for an erotic adventure with a pair of hot guys. All three of them were now very aroused at what was unfolding. 

A half-hour later, Karen climbed into their car. She wore a sleek one-piece tank bathing suit that was obviously unlined and, once she shed her cover-up as she got into the car, allowed a very sexy display of her erect nipples. Yes, she did that on purpose. She carried a floppy basket with a blanket, beach towel, bottle of wine and plastic cups, but also dared to include the boys' suggested lotion and massage oil. She even dared to stash her favorite little vibrator deep in the bottom of the basket. 

As they drove to the beach, she sat on the passenger seat, leaning back a bit to let them gaze on her body, nipples quite proud and erect, with her bathing suit pulled snug enough against her crotch to show off the hint of a camel-toe. The boys loved it, each telling her how sexy she looked. Every girl loves to hear that. She could not believe how horny she was feeling, anticipating what may be coming with these tow hot guys. Honesty always pays off, because there was no anxiety over what might happen or unknown expectations since the boys had told exactly what they wanted to do with her. She knew they wanted to tantalize her sexually. And it made her want that so fucking badly.

Everyone's excitement seemed to peak as Tom unlocked the gate to the access road and locked back up as they passed through. "You're excited, aren't you," Mark said to her teasingly. 

"You have no idea," she replied.

They parked and unloaded the car. As Mark took her bag for her, he kissed her fleetingly on the lips and swept a hand down the side of her waist, a touch that really stoked the fire in her. The beach was perfect, small, bordered on each side with rocky outcroppings that blocked any intrusion. The sand was clean and fine, warm from the day's sunshine. The waves crumbled with a seductive rhythm. The boys spread the blanket and she laid in the center on her back, letting the boys look her over. She felt their eyes appreciate her body. She loved being looked at by sexy men. Watching the boys strip off their clothes, leaving them in so-very-sexy stretch briefs that displayed two impressive erections straining at the sheer material made her moan with excitement. 

She could not take her eyes off those hard cocks as the boys laid on either side of her. They each swept their hands down the front of her thighs, making her groan loudly. She laid back and closed her eyes as they stroked her, exploring her arms, neck, down her waist and over her hips. The boys moved down to where they could massage the length of her legs. Feeling their four hands stroking her like that was amazing. They moved back up to where they could stoke her chest, running their warm hands across her breasts, feeling her beneath the material of her suit. They eased down the straps just enough to remove her arms from them. She groaned again as they gently rolled the top of her suit down from her breasts, freeing them to feel the cool breeze and warm sunshine. Her nipples were hard as glass.
