 I had made a trip to Nashville, Tennessee to see some old Investment friends. The meetings were over & I had retreated to the hotel after dinner with those friends. I didn't want to go to the lonely hotel room so I ventured down to the bar and found a small table toward the back and ordered my favorite scotch. 

About ten minutes had passed and I was lucky I came when I did. The bar had filled up quickly. I saw a lone woman walk into the bar. She was pretty, about 5 ft 5 inches tall, trim body, blonde hair not quite to her shoulders, I'd guess in her mid 30's. She looked like she was looking for someone, but after 2 or 3 minutes, she had not found them, nor had she found a seat. 

I stood and introduced myself, "Miss, my name is ROGO. You are welcome to share my table, I won't be here long and then you'll have it to yourself."

"Are you sure you don't mind?" she asked.

"No, I'd be delighted to share with a pretty young lady if you don't mind sitting with a senior statesman."

She smiles, nods & I pull out her chair & order her some wine. She tells me her name is Kassy. We make enough small talk for her to know I am in the investment business and I learn she recruits medical personnel for a hospital out west. She is very pleasant & does not seem to mind that I am old enough to be her Father. 

The band plays a slow song so I ask her to dance. She seems surprised, but walks out on the floor with me I take her in my arms and hold her gently as we begin to spin around the floor. She glides well and I have not forgotten the steps. She is turning heads.

Lots of young bucks are trying to figure if she is my daughter, or date, or a hooker (many don't thing a 60 yr old still has anything to interest a young filly like Kassy unless the woman is a high class hooker, Kassy is definitely high class, but doesn't look like a call girl). I know she'll get a lot more chances to dance.

When we get back to the table, she thanks me for the dance and excuses herself to the restroom. She takes something out of her purse and a key chain slips out along with a card. I happen to see Quick 1 on the key chain. The card has kass31 written on it. I know those handles. From where? 

About then, Kassy returns and two young guys come ask her to dance, she begs off. 

"Kassy," I ask, "Why didn't you dance with those young guys?" 

You tell me that you are enjoying my company & want me to stay a while. I am flattered, almost suspicious. But another slow song set begins so I ask you if you dare allow me to attack your toes again. You nod and come with me to the dance floor.

I hold you again, but you come closer. At 5 inches shorter than me, as we dance your forehead rests against my cheek. I decide now is a good time to ask my question.

"Kassy, I could not help but see Quick 1 on your key chain and Kass31 on a card on the table. It took me a minute to remember but on a web site called Fling, I messaged a lady with the handle of Quick 1 to complement her on a great picture of her butt and ask if she liked erotic stories. Later found out her email started with Kaas 31. Are you that girl, the one who wants a gang bang story?"

You lean back so you can look at me, but you keep your hips against me. You smile and say, "I wondered how long it would take you to recognize me. I left the key chain & card out on purpose to help you."

Then you really surprise me when you explain, "I thought I recognized you before you introduced yourself, and when you said ROGO, I was certain. I have never heard that name before. Besides, you have on the same turtleneck and jacket as your Fling picture."

I grin & say, "Well, I am glad you didn't have to recognize me from my butt shot. It is not nearly as good as yours." We both laugh. 

I lean into you and ask if you REALLY want to experience a gang bang. 

You tell me it is a fantasy but you are a little nervous that it might get out of hand if some guys didn't behave or started treating you badly. 

I explain that if you really want to do this, I can help and I can control the men. My price would be that I get to be a part of the gang bang, that you come to my room first to be with me alone and that after the gang bang you spend the night with me. 

Your smile gets wider. You shake your head..."Is that all you want first crack and last crack?"

I laugh & tell you I probably would have expressed it a different way, but yes, that was my price to set things up and control it so you are okay. I caution that you are going to be used severely by several men, but I won't let them hurt you or abuse you. 

You throw your arms around my neck and hug me, then look into my eyes..."ROGO, you have a deal. How do we go about this?"

We discus my plan which is for you to dance with as many men as you want and signal me which ones you want to join us. I'll do the inviting; set the time and the ground rules.

You grin & want to start the selection process right away. It doesn't take long before the younger men start sniffing around. Several ask you to dance & I encourage you to do so. They take you to the dance floor and start to show you their moves. You have some moves of your own & I enjoy watching you dance. 

That beautiful ass of yours starts shaking and when you move & bend a certain way, your short skirt rides up enough to show the bottom part of one ass cheek. I certainly notice, but so does every horny guy in the place. It seems you are aware of this because you continue to make the specific move that pulls your skirt up enough for the show.

You have already signaled me that a 30 something guy in plaid sport shirt should be an invitee. Several guys cut in and things seem to get tense on the dance floor, so I come out and take your hand & begin to lead you away. 

I tell the guys who are competing that you are with me but you can dance with them ONLY if they are gentlemen. My stern comment & stare into their eyes convinces them. 

You and I dance the next slow dance and your hips grind against my growing erection.

"So, you like to tease, do you?" I ask. "Maybe you should tell me how many guys you want to deal with tonight," I query. 

You respond, "Five plus you." 

That is all the direction I need. Four more to select.

As the night moves on, you pick a 20 something with longer blonde hair, a 30 something that looks like he just returned from IRAQ and a 40 something with red hair. All are decently built and sturdy looking.

We have one more invitee to choose.

Soon a dark haired man with dark skin asks you to dance. He is a good dancer & you soon signal you have made your final selection. Soon after, I come to the dance floor and do a final slow dance with you.

I suggest you go to my room and give you a key. I tell you I will be up in 30 minutes and suggest you get comfortable. I watch your hips sway as you leave; a couple of guys try to get you to stay (so they can get in your pants). You smile and let them down gently showing a lot of class. You get on the elevator and head up. I notice you don't stop on my floor, but several floors below. I assume you wanted something from your room. 

For the next 15 minutes I go see the 5 guys you have picked. I tell each one the same thing. This incredibly hot blond with the hazel eyes wants to be in a gang bang. They can join us IF they are willing to abide by our rules...nothing rough or degrading, helmets for every soldier every time, come to room 1722 at 10:30 PM (an hour & 15 minutes from now) and everyone leave when we say it is done.

The 40something redhead smirks at the "rules" idea. I lean toward him and go eye to eye, "Listen asshole, you are extremely lucky to be a part of this, don't mess up your chances." He puts his hand against my chest to push me away. I quickly grab his wrist and his little finger and apply pressure that can break the wrist and finger. He grimaces and his knees almost buckle.

That hand to hand combat training I took before going to Vietnam still pays dividends. "You can play by our rules or not at all. And this is a small demonstrate on so you know I can easily enforce the rules. Understood?" The redhead nods & apologizes. Good move, he was about to be replaced or at least uninvited. 

I have one more task. I go by the hotel store and don't see what I want. I ask if there is a drug store nearby & find a CVS store is 2 doors down.

I head that way and find the condom shelf. I buy 30 just in case. The checkout girl eyes me and the condoms.

"Hot date tonight, sir?" she quips.

"You have no idea how hot, miss." I respond. She grins, nods & rings up the purchase. 

"If it is a party, hope I get invited." she murmurs. 

"Sorry, dear. It is a very private affair & the guess list is closed. "Maybe next time" I tell her. She pouts and pokes her lower lip out. She quickly jots her name and a number on a card and slides it to me.

"For the next time." she grins. I take the card; put it in my pocket, smile & nod.

"Thank you. Miss"

When I get to my room, I have to knock since you have the key. In a moment the door swings wide open, since I don't see you, I assume you are behind the door. Bingo, you come out from behind the door with the black nightgown on that you had in the pictures you sent me. I like black lace lined in YOU. 

Your big beautiful breasts are almost covered. I see a pink nipple peeking out of the top on the left side. It is almost like you posed it that way. You have an appreciative audience in me.

I take you in my arms and pull you close. My hand takes your chin and pulls your face up toward me.

"We have about an hour before 5 other guys get here. I want to get you warmed up and I want some of you by myself." 

You smile and kiss my lips. I feel your tongue slip between my lips. I pull you tighter to me and my hands seek the cheeks of your ass. I move the nightgown out of the way and hold the warm skin of your ass in my hands, pulling your hips against my hardness.

You squirm your pelvis against my groin to increase the pressure. I walk you backward to the bed until the edge of the bed catches you right behind your knees. I simply push you and you fall backwards on the bed. Your legs fly up and apart, the nightgown flies up and I am looking at a pretty, pink, completely shaved pussy. I can't see any moisture, but if there isn't any, I'll make sure there is some in a few moments.

Quickly I strip off all my clothes and join you on the bed. You playfully tug on my penis.

"Don't you want to be in the gang bang?" you ask.

I tell you that I WILL be in the gang bang, I just want some time with you by myself and I want to be sure you are prepared to fuck six guys numerous times...both mentally & physically. These guys just want to fuck; they won't care if you are wet or not unless it is uncomfortable for them.

With that statement in the air, I feel your pussy with my right hand, no moisture on the outside. I slide one finger inside you and THERE I do feel wetness. You are already a little excited about the prospects of a gang bang.

I reposition you on the bed and spread your legs wide. I lie on my belly between your legs & lick my way up one side of your pussy and down the other.

"Spread your pussy open, Kassy." I direct you. 

You comply and I take a long slow hard lick with the broad part of my tongue from your ass to your clit. You shiver a little. I move up and flick your clit with my tongue. You squirm some more. I take a few minutes to flick, swab, lick, and strum & tease your clit with my tongue. 

Your hips get in the act and begin to move. Soon you are humping at my tongue with your pussy and your wetness is growing. I push my tongue as far inside your pussy as I can and grab your butt cheeks to hold your hips steady & keep your pussy against my tongue. I start slithering my tongue in & out of your pussy rapidly... fucking you with my tongue. You keep humping against my mouth.

I pull away from your pussy and you look startled...like DON'T STOP. Your concern fades as I again take one finger & penetrate your pussy. I begin to slide it in & out, then add a second finger and continue fucking you with my fingers. Just to add a little sensation, I again use my tongue on your clit. 

After 5 minutes, you cannot be still. Your hips are still humping my mouth & fingers. I remove my fingers, lick up the middle of your pussy with the broad part of my tongue, take as much of your pussy in my mouth as I can (being sure your clit is in my mouth). Then I almost chew on your pussy and suck hard at the same time. The result a minute later is a stiffening of your legs and torso and a loud groan.

"I'm cummmmminggggg!!!" 

Mission accomplished. I think you are probably ready for the rest of the guys now.

But before they arrive, I walk on my knees up between your legs and place the head of my dick against your opening. I rub my dick up & down the folds of your pussy. Then push an inch of me into you. I am normal length, but a little wider than normal so I wait to let your pussy adjust to the girth. 

You tell me you want it all, so I obey & sink in you until my pubic hair tickles your clit. Then we set up a wonderful rhythm and fuck each other for several minutes. I roll you over and pull you on top of me. You grab my dick, make sure it is lined up and sink your hips down & take all of me inside you. 

As you rise and fall, I fill my hands with your breasts and rub my thumbs over the nipples repeatedly. You get into the fucking so that you lean forward and make your hips and pussy do magical things to my cock. It feels wonderful.

I push you off and put you in a doggy position and again push my cock into your wet, hot pussy. I hold your shoulders for leverage and fuck you hard as your moaning increases. I grab your hair & pull your head back with it as I continue to pound your pussy. Your hips are coming back to meet my thrusts as hard as I am thrusting into you. Another couple of minutes of this and you stiffen again as you cum. As you come down from your climax, I lay you down on the bed and lay beside you. 

"Kassy lets talk a little. The guys will be here soon. I have told them that they can each fuck you several times but they must wear condoms EACH time. I brought plenty just in case they didn't. I only had one try to rebel against the rules. I think I straightened him out, but we'll see later."

" I told them they can be enthusiastic, but cannot do anything to hurt you. If you are ever in pain or just want to stop, you be sure I know. I will be in the room the whole time and will participate. These guys also know that when we say it is over, they have to leave."

"Is there anything special you want from this other than multiple fucks? I ask. 

You close your eyes & hug me close while you whisper, "I want several to cum on my breasts toward the end."

I tell you I will be sure that happens.

You take my cock in your hand and move until you can take it in your mouth. After a few delicious sucks, you look up at me with those big hazel eyes. 

"I want you to cum too." 

Then you begin sucking seriously. I allow you to do this for 2 or 3 minutes because it feels so good. You have a talented mouth. Then I pull you off my cock and kiss your lips.

"Honey, I am 60. I don't cum 3 or 4 times a night any more. When I first cum, I want it to be in your ass." With those words, you eyes light up. You throw your arms around my neck and hug me really hard.

Since it is almost time for the guys to show, I send you to freshen your makeup. While you tend to that, I am taking the spread & extra pillows off one of the two king sized beds. This will be the "show" bed. 

When you come out of the bath, I take your black lacy gown and pull it over your head. 

"Let's get them hot the second they see you." I state. Then I have you lay on the sheets of the bed with your head resting on 2 pillows, your arms out to the side and your legs only slightly open. 

You look ravishing and very fuckable...just what we want.

Just then there is a knock on the door, I open it a crack and see all 5 guys standing in the hall. I have them come in. A couple whistle lowly as they see you, others gasp or murmur appreciative comments.

I hear things like, "Great tits.", "Ohh...a shaved pussy!", "I'm going to fuck her brains out." and one guy (probably the redhead) says, "The slut looks ready."

"Fellas, this is Kassy and Kassy wants to party. You all get to fuck her ...several times if you are able. Since she & I are naked, you need to be too, so strip".

They all begin to take their clothes off. I notice you eying them thru half closed eyelids. Several already have hadrons. You are paying particular attention to that. 

The 30 something in the plaid coat is Jon. He is sporting a hard on that stands about 5 1/2 inches. The 20 something with long blond hair is Ronnie & he has a long thin dick like his body. It may be 7 inches. The 30 something with close cut hair like a soldier had a very firm 7 inches that looks ready to burst. He is Jimmy. The 40 something redhead is about 8 inches... wouldn't you know the guy with the biggest cock would be the biggest asshole. His name is Thomas. The dark haired, dark skinned good dancer is Ricky. He sports a solid 6 incher. 

"Jimmy," I ask. "Are you military?" He nods yes.

"Been to Iraq?" He responds he got back 2 weeks ago.

"Then, Jimmy...you get to go first. I have a soft spot for vets...& Kassy has a wet spot just for you."

Jimmy's grin gets even broader and he gets on the bed and knee walks toward you. I toss him a condom and had one to each guy.

"Remember fellas, no glove, no love."

Jimmy leans down to you and begins by kissing your breasts. But it appears he has not gotten caught up on his sex quota. Within forty seconds he has lined his cock up with your pussy and is pushing in. Your hips come up to meet him and he slides all the way home. I start giving directions.

"Jon, you take the right breast, Ronnie, you take the left." 

They do as told and start sucking your nipples. I get on the bed & move above your head to watch the proceedings. I feel your hands on my thighs and then my cock as you pull me toward your head. 

As I move down to where you want me, I feel your tongue on my cock. My balls are resting on your forehead, just above your eyes. You take the head of my cock in your mouth and create suction and alternate licking that I really enjoy as Jimmy fucks in & out of your pussy. 

Jon & Ronnie are slurping all over your breasts and ribs. Jimmy starts fucking harder & your tits bounce as his groin slaps against you. You moan a round my cock as you enjoy the fucking and caressing you are getting.

I pull my cock away, but you don't miss it. You look near orgasm as Jimmy pounds away. I get back to directing.

"Ronnie, you move up to her mouth, Ricky you take over the breast." 

I watch amused as the redhead fumes at being last. What he doesn't realize is that he is not last...I am...on purpose.

Jimmy pumps furiously, his face is distorted with the look a man gets about the time he starts to cum...and Jimmy does. I am watch him, but watching you more. You face also screws up towards the end of Jimmy's pumping and your hips are lifting your pussy into him to meet each ferocious thrust he gives you. You stiffen about the time he does & I am sure you have your first big orgasm with the gang bang crowd.

Jimmy pulls out and rolls off the bed. I direct Ronnie to take his place between your legs, Jon to move to your head & let the redhead, Thomas, come to your right breast. I make sure that Ronnie has a glove on as he moves toward your pussy. I have handed him a bottle of Astroglide to lube up so you'll stay comfortable.

He nears you and leans forward. You look impatient and lift your hips toward him. He plunges into you and you grunt almost as loud as Ronnie does. The dance of love begins quickly and earnestly as Ronnie pulls back and then slams forward rapidly. You hips keep rising to meet him and I can see that neither of you are going to last long. That is okay, we have enough ammunition to last a while.
