 Kate Ross was a lot of things. A 34 year old wife. A mother. A best friend. A supermarket shelf stacker. But most of all Kate Ross was an insatiable slut. 

Take right now. Right now Kate is in the store room of the Tesco store she works in, where she is supposed to be putting out a box worth of custard creams but is rather on her knees with an eighteen year olds cock in her mouth giving him the best blow job of his young life. And Kate is rather good at giving head (she's had a lot of practice). While her lips and tongue are working their magic Kate is all too aware that they run the risk of discovery and decides she needs to bring this little encounter to an swift conclusion. 

She knows all the tricks and while her left hand curls itself around young Tom's balls and gives them a squeeze her right hand reached behind him and she inserts her left middle finger up his asshole and wiggles it until she finds the spot and presses it. In seconds he floods her mouth with youthful, sticky, sour tasting cum and she sends him on his way, still pulling up his pants. 

As Kate gets up off her knees and wipes cum from her lips and smacks her tongue in her mouth she is momentarily surprised by a voice behind her in the dark. 

"Good break Kate? Hope he tasted good." 

Kate turned and smirked at her best friend since school, Miriam before answering her. 

"Not bad, I've had worse. Certainly he and his friends will do fine for us on Thursday night." 

"Hope you've left some juice in his tank Kate and not sucked him dry! You know how we girls enjoy our Thursday nights at Emily's!" 

Ah Thursday nights! Now we can get to the meat of the matter. Four women with much in common. All working at the same supermarket and all nymphomaniacs. Every Thursday three of them (Kate, Miriam and Claire) make their excuses to their respective spouses and meet at Emily's house. She's a widower so has no lies to make just fun to have. It started off innocently enough, just four friends having a wine and fantasy evening, telling saucy stories and indulging in their own little fantasies but it soon grew into something altogether bigger and more serious. They soon started getting riskier and more daring, the clothes came off, breasts were bared, then fondled, pussies revealed then fingered, then men appeared and very quickly things were little more than an orgy every Thursday night. Orgies that even Bacchus would be proud of. 

Kate was last to arrive that Thursday, but that was forgivable given she was directing the four lads from the supermarket for the night. There was always fresh, young, male meat for them at the Supermarket, just waiting to be corrupted and seduced by these wild, kinky women. The four teenagers tonight would be men by the time the night was over and would have done things they might never do again in their lives. The women would make damn sure of that. 

Like I said things happened at Emily's house, she was a widower in her fifties but had the sexual outlook of a randy teenager. She had seen and done it all in her life but was always happy to do it again. She was naturally dominant and loved being in control -- of men or women. For her age she was quite a striking woman, jet black hair and a large bust you could quite imagine her as an Amazonian type in her youth. 

She handed a second glass of red wine to Miriam and stood over her, both just waiting. Miriam was Kate's best friend from school days and they had been close ever since. Hell they even looked alike, both with straight shoulder length brown hair and a shy, mousy demeanour that held their voracious and perverted sexual appetites well in check. 

The fourth member of their group was quite the anomaly. Claire was the youngest by far, her part Asian looks particularly beautiful, especially with her long dark hair and tiny, petite figure (she was under five feet tall). And she was married to quite the serious religious young man, and played her part as his doting wife to perfection. But on nights like this she was a kinky little bitch and would put anything in any orifice. Indeed if it were not for Kate she would be the dirtiest of them all, but nobody was quite as dirty, as nasty and as sleazy as Kate Ross. As she was amply demonstrating in the car en route to Emily's right at that point.

While one of their teenage co-workers drove (rather distractedly) and another was turned around in the front passenger seat, Kate was sat between another two teenagers in the back seat. She was wearing a totally unbuttoned white blouse and a pushed up denim mini skirt and she had the guys hands inside both as the car rocketed along. Kate Ross was a whore, a slut, a nympho, a slag, a slapper and she loved it. She was quite literally addicted to cock. To be fair to her husband it was not likely that any one could keep a slut like her satisfied.

While she was having her tits and her pussy roughly groped by these desperate youngsters she was ably using her own hands, each one had a hard cock in it and she was wanking both the guys sat beside her, they wouldn't be cumming yet though, she'd save that for the party. This was just a little warm up!

All the guys at work knew about Kate Ross, she was an easy fuck and a good one too. She pushed the boys hands from her body and released their straining cocks but any complaints they may have had about that were quickly forgotten when she lowered her head and took turns slurping on the two dicks on either side of her. She licked their lengths as if they were dribbling, melting ice cream cones in her hand, her tongue lingering on their pee holes and flicking at them.

Oh Kate was such a slut!

*

A mere half hour later and Kate was in the living room but still surrounded by horny lads. The large glass coffee table that normally took pride of place in the centre of Emily's living room had been replaced by Kate. She was on hands and knees, stark naked where the coffee table normally stood. She was slightly busier than a coffee table though, what with having one young stud's cock in her mouth and another fucking her doggie style from behind. On one of Emily's two sofa's that surrounded this erotic threesome sat Miriam with one of her young workmates head buried between her thighs eating her out with terrific vigour (he had been promised that if he made Miriam cum with just his tongue he could fuck her ass).

The other sofa was equally busy with the fourth lucky lad sitting on it naked with his legs apart to allow Claire's mouth access to his throbbing dick. Sat next to him and whipping the kneeling Claire's ass with a crop was Emily in all her dominant glory. They weren't hard strokes rather she was swatting merrily at her small friends ass while intently watching the vigorous spit-roasting of Kate and slowly playing with herself with her free hand.

The guys were certainly enjoying themselves, the two fucking Kate experiencing two very different sets of grasping lips around their cocks. Tommy was fucking Kate's mouth and was doing all he could to hold off cumming but her expert mouth was not allow that to be for very long. Still it was great feeling his swollen balls bounce about on Kate's chin and watching her tits swing about under her with every thrust from him of Johnny (who was behind her).

They could not last long and so it proved as Tommy began to shake and judder and make animalistic fast grunting noises and shot his load into Kate's throat and beyond. His cock was jumping about so much that it escaped Kate's lips and two spurts of his cum sprayed on her face, in her right eye and down the right side of her nose. She did not have time to complain about that because the sight of his friend cumming in her mouth was enough to tip Johnny over the edge and his balls were contracting and sending his semen on its way too.

He flooded Kate's pussy with his warm seed, pumping shot after shot into her before collapsing atop her as his cum dribbled down her thighs. The boys might have been spent for the moment but not our Kate, she was still as insatiable as ever and with cum on her face and ass she looked to Emily to help her out. The oldest woman knew that look and instantly stopped whipping Claire's ass and got down on the floor herself. She crawled over to Kate and flipped over onto her back and pulled herself along until her face was just inches from Kate's oozing pussy. Kate squirmed and stifled a scream of pleasure as the older woman's tongue found her clit immediately, licking it then sucking it (along with the boys cum). Emily was experienced with her tongue too, she knew where to go and how to do it to get Kate very quickly gushing herself, spraying Emily's face with hr hot, wet cum.

That sight was enough for Miriam to cum too, covering the lads face between her legs with her own hot love juices as she tightened her thighs around his head and held it there while she flooded him with her cum. He didn't seem to mind too much though, he was already thinking of his prize for doing this and his fingers were working their way under her ass and already probing at her asshole sizing it up for his own bulging cock.

To complete the chain reaction, Claire's expert sucking brought her man off, and unlike Kate she took the whole sticky white load in her mouth, pooling it for use in a minute. Use? Well she slinked over to where Emily still lay plastered in Kate's juices and climbed atop her and began to French kiss her passionately, mixing the cum in their mouths as their tongues frantically writhed against each other. Three of the guys got off on watching this sapphic scene, the other, Mike, was too busy getting Miriam turned around and setting about sticking his throbbing dick up her ass. The others took a break and watched as the young man prised the older woman's arse apart and slid his cock deep inside. 

"Oh yes! Yes! That's it! Fuck my ass big boy! Fuck it!!"

Miriam could be every bit as dirty as her friends when it came to anal and she was already loving being ass fucked by this young hunk. Her tits bounced up and down with every thrust and it was quite the sight but Mike was not able to keep it up long before he strained and emptied his balls in her bowels with a grunt and a low moan. Kate wasn't slow to miss an opportunity to shock the others and crawled over to mike on her knees and as his shrinking, messy cock slipped from Miriam's asshole Kate popped it neatly into her mouth and began to suck it clean!

That certainly surprised all the guys, they would not have imagined even Kate was as dirty and nasty as to do an ass to mouth straight from her friends asshole. But she did and she relished the shocked look on their faces almost as much as she did the debauchery she was taking part in. She sucked the debris and mess from his cock and licked her lips when she was finished, the other women were hardly surprised though, they knew there was literally nothing Kate Ross would not so sex wise.

With all four of the guys having shot their load they very quickly developed a sudden need to be getting away from there. That was only hastened when Emily left the room for a moment and returned sporting a large, black strap on dildo at her crotch and asked the guys.

"Have any of you boys ever tried it up the ass?"

That was enough to clear the room of all males in seconds. Emily waited for the last to grab his jacket and depart before looking at the other, cum covered women and asking.

"Was it something I said? Dear me, the youth of today, no staying power. Now Claire I know you won't turn me down, will you?"

Claire just giggled and shook her head and moved from sitting on her sweet little bum to kneeling on all fours to present the self same bum to her older friend.

"Yes please Emily," she cooed, "do me doggy style."

So while Kate and Miriam wrapped themselves into a sticky, messy sixty nine and licked themselves to orgasm once more that night, Emily slotted her strap on into Claire's pussy from behind and fucked her like a dog. Secretly the women were kind of glad the boys had departed, as good as fucking young, virile cocks was they each knew how to bring the others off and were expert and making each other cum again and again. It would be a long and enjoyable evening for all of them and they would repeat it many more times before they were discovered by their husbands when one of them read all about their exploits on a well known sex stories site...