 As I watched Jen skip back from the DVD player and nestle in next to me on the sofa, I took a minute to think how lucky I was. 

It was a Saturday night last November at my flat in London. My girlfriend, Jen, a beautiful 30-year old, petite but with a 36C bust and long, black hair, had just put on a porn film entitled "Five in a Bed", for us to watch together. Not a bad way to spend a Saturday night, right? 

Well, even better when you consider that the star of the film was my ex-girlfriend, Amy, a gorgeous 29-year old blonde with perfect features and stunning 38D tits. It gets truly stupendous when you learn that as the film began Amy was cuddled up on the other side of me on the sofa. Like Jen she was wearing only a baggy t-shirt and her underwear.

The full story of how I got to this situation is in "Amy's Story", but in short, Amy had just left her girlfriend, Kate, and had come to me and Jen for comfort. This had started a few weeks earlier with me watching a film of her getting fucked by two guys and had led to her, Jen and me getting it on together. Amy had made these films with Kate, and believe me they were unbelievably hot.

Since that night Amy had been over a couple of times. Each time we'd had dinner and a few drinks, chatted a bit, then watched one of her films. I'd seen her and Kate have sex with an Aussie guy, Rick, in a hotel room, and we'd all watched the one with her and two guys. Each time it had ended with all three of us fucking like animals. As "Five in a Bed" got started, I didn't see why tonight should be any different.

"There's not much story to this one," said Amy. "Kate was in one of those moods where she just wanted to see me get fucked."

I was only wearing boxer shorts and a t-shirt and both girls noticed my cock jerk to life at these words. They smiled at each other then turned their attention to the tv. 

On the screen the camera focussed on Amy lying on a bed, already naked, her pink nipples erect and jutting skywards, her hands running up and down an already visibly wet slit. Her blonde hair was framed around her face and she was panting, looking directly at the camera, as whoever was holding it moved slowly around the bed, capturing every angle. 

Then, without a word being said, three men moved onto the bed to surround her. I didn't recognise any of them. They were all as naked as Amy and were all sporting impressive erections. I knew Amy had a thing about big cocks and these were all bigger then seven inches. One was around the same size and thickness as my nine-incher. 

"They're big boys," said Jen admiringly.

"Mmm...," replied Amy. "John had a really incredible dick."

Jen reached across to stroke me through the fabric of my shorts. "Not as good as your's though, I'm sure, Nick."

"Not at all," said Amy running a hot hand across my chest and reaching up to kiss me lightly on the lips. 

I was looking forward to removing her loose light blue t-shirt and seeing her in just her bra and panties, but I also wanted to see what happened in the film, so I kept my hands to myself and concentrated on the screen.

All three men were kneeling in a circle on the bed. Amy was moving between them, sucking their cocks into her mouth, hungrily slurping them down, and looking up at them to gauge their appreciation. They started to encourage her.

"Suck it deeper you little cock sucker." "That's it. Take it all the way in." "Oh yes, lick my fucking balls.."

When she wasn't sucking them they were pawing at her body. Squeezing her breasts, tweaking her nipples, running their hands over her soft, tanned legs. 

She spent extra time on John's nine inches, licking every inch, then rubbing it over her face and neck, before easing her lips over it and sinking down as far as she could go. While she did, one of the other men lay down beneath her and opened up her pussy lips with his fingers. The camera zoomed in to watch him stick out the tip of his tongue and teasingly flick it across her clit. Amy came immediately, clamping herself down onto his face, her body shaking and her hands clasped tightly around the rigid meat in front of her face.

"I was fucking turned on that night," said Amy, reaching into my shorts to pull out my now fully erect cock. Neither girl took their eyes off the screen as they each placed a hand on my shaft and started to slowly pump up and down. I exhaled slowly and looked back to the screen myself. 

The guy underneath Amy had moved so his cock was lined up with her hole. We heard Kate's voice for the first time behind the camera. "Slowly, Chris. Slide into the little slut nice and slowly."

He did, taking what seemed like an eternity to fill her, the camera zooming in to see each second of the blonde girl's pussy opening up to swallow the hard, throbbing cock. Once in, Kate zoomed out to show Amy alternating her mouth between the two cocks that were now in front of her face. As she lifted her head up each time she was leaving strings of spit between her lips and the pricks. The guy beneath her had started thrusting up into her.

I could feel my balls boiling. I was ready to shoot my load over their hands, but I held back, wanting to prolong the moment. 

Kate said: "Ok, Nina, lube him up. She's going to get all three holes filled tonight."

Nina, who I took to be Spanish, appeared on the bed. She was also already naked. She was a small girl, only about five foot tall and thin too. She was well toned though and had good-sized tits, about 30B I'd guess. She looked like she was in her mid-twenties. As she moved towards the guys with a tube of lube in her hands I took in her shapely legs and ass, and then her pretty face with its long dark brown hair done up on top of her head. My cock was now rigid.

As Nina on the screen moved to lube up Amy's ass, I reached over to lift first Jen's then Amy's t-shirts off. I unclipped their bras, while they remained focused on the TV. Both sets of tits bounced free and with each hand I reached round to stroke them, feeling four nipples grow hard in between my fingers.

The moaning and panting on screen was interrupted by Kate saying: "Ok, Nina, now put Rich's cock in her ass."

I watched as the small Spanish girl lined up the hard seven inch cock against Amy's asshole. Beneath her Chris was still pumping up into her pussy, and John was now fucking her open mouth with his big nine inch dick. On the screen Amy's eyes were closed and we could make out the occasionally muffled moan of pleasure. Next to me on the sofa her eyes were wide with excitement, her breathing was heavy, and she had slipped a finger into her panties.

"Shove it in her," said Kate.

Rich did as he was told. He ploughed his member into her tight, puckered asshole, sliding in until he was buried to the hilt. As he did, Amy lifted her mouth off John's cock, wrapped her hands around it and, tilting her head upwards let out a long, low guttural cry.

Next to me, I could see Amy had pulled aside her panties and was sliding her middle finger up and down over her clitoris. Her pussy looked wet and inviting. On my other side, Jen moved up to give me a deep kiss. I looked into her dark brown eyes, smiled, and reached down to pull off her panties. She then nestled in next to me and spread her legs to allow my hand access to her most intimate area. I ran my fingers through her strip of black pubic hair and dipped a finger into her slit. It opened up to accept me and I could feel it was already wet. I quickly found her clit and began to gently massage it. She released my cock, leaving just Amy's hand on it, and leaned in closer to me, nearing her first orgasm of the night. 

On screen Amy was now bucking with a huge orgasm. Her blonde hair was flying about and I could make out a thin film of sweat across her back. The camera zoomed in to where two cocks were relentlessly pistoning in and out of her pussy and ass. 

Then from off camera I heard John shout: "Oh fuck. I'm cumming."

Kate zoomed out again and we got a view of the first spurt of white semen erupting from his huge purple cockhead and splashing against Amy's cheek. She caught the next one in her mouth, then one on her chin before John aimed the rest at her tits. 

This was enough to set Rich off. He pulled out of her ass and started pumping strings of jizz all over her tanned, round buttcheeks. He groaned as he did so, and she looked round, a smile across her cum-drenched face. 

Once Rich had finished, Chris rolled Amy over so he was on top of her, his cock still buried inside her. While he pistoned in and out of the blonde girl, the other two men and two women stood around them, Kate still holding the camera, all of them urging him on.

Above Amy's rising cries of pleasure we could hear them shout:

"Fuck her harder. Yes! Fuck her!" "Go on, pound that pussy." "Cover that cunt with your cum."

Finally, Amy came with a loud scream and Chris pulled out of her and sprayed her spasming pussy with his cum. When he was done, the three men stepped away from the bed, and the camera focussed on Amy, lying on her back, her soft, golden skin shiny with sweat and cum, and a satisfied, lazy smile spreading across her face.

On either side of me Amy and Jen were cumming. Amy on her own fingers and Jen on mine. I stopped to hold my girlfriend while she shuddered with her climax and looked over to see Amy's globes shaking with her own orgasm. 

"Good film, hey girls?" I said, grinning. They'd stopped masturbating me, but I was still hard as a board, and I looking forward to sticking it inside both of them.

"Fuck yeah," said Jen, trying to catch her breath.

Amy nodded, and said: "It's not finished yet. This is where Kate started to get a bit nasty on this one."

"I was wondering when she'd start," said Jen. She'd not liked Kate from the moment they met, and the recent revelations of how Kate had treated Amy while they had been lesbian lovers had done nothing to change her mind.

As if to prove the point, Kate on screen said in a sneering voice: "Now let's see what you can do, you little Spanish tart. Lick their cum off my girlfriend."

Nina spoke for the first time. Her voice was quiet and heavily accented: "No. I don't want to taste it. They can fuck me but I no eating that."

There was a second's silence and then the sound of palm connecting with a cheek with a loud slap. Nina screamed in pain. 

"Fucking lick it off, bitch," said Kate. "Then the three of them are going to fuck you. Except, because you disobeyed me, you're going to get the biggest cock in your tight little ass. Now get on the bed and starting eating some jizz."

We saw Nina being pushed on the bed, next to Amy, who was still smiling as if this was perfectly normal behaviour.

"Fucking hell, Amy," said Jen. "Why didn't you stop her?"

Amy replied: "Nina wanted to do it really. She was just playing around. Nina loves getting Kate angry and getting her to slap her around a bit. Look at how much she gets into it now."

Amy had a point. On the screen the petite Spanish girl was eagerly lapping up the rivers of cum from Amy's neck, tits, stomach, and pussy. She even lifted the blonde's legs, parted them and ran her tongue across her asshole.

While we watched this, I went back to fingering Jen, and Amy shifted position to get the same treatment. While I pumped my hands in and out of two sopping wet pussies, we all carried on watching the orgy on the screen.

Once Amy had been cleaned up, the three men returned to the bed, already fully hard. Nina moved onto all fours and Rich went and stood in front of her face. It occurred to me that his dick had been inside Amy's ass not more than ten minutes previously, but Nina didn't hesitate in sucking it straight into her mouth. Rich pulled away the clips that were holding her hair up and it fell down, long silky hair, covering her face. He pulled back, and taking a handful of her hair wrapped it around his cock. She laughed and started tonguing his balls, before moving her hair aside and resuming sucking his shaft deep into her throat. 

At the other end, Chris and John were kneeling behind her, their erections bobbing about in front of them. They were playing with her pussy and asshole, opening them up and sliding fingers into them, commenting on how tiny she was and how they were both looking forward to stretching her open. 

"Enough talk you two fuckers," said Kate. "Chris, fuck her pussy from behind."

Chris edged forward and unceremoniously rammed his prick all the way into the tiny Spanish girl's cunt. She yelped a little, but then relaxed and went back to sucking Rich's balls into her mouth. Chris thrust in and out of Nina a few times, before Kate stopped him, telling John to replace him.

Amy moved down the bed to console Chris by sucking his cock while John carefully inserted his nine inch member into Nina's slot. As he made his way in, the girl started shouting obscenities in Spanish, and he growled at her that he was going to fucking split her in two. 

Next to me, Jen commented breathlessly: "It really looks like he's going to as well. His dick looks fucking enormous in that little girl." I didn't say anything, just plunged two fingers into her dripping wet hole. My cock was aching and desperate to be touched, but I wanted to see all of the film.

In the film, Kate had decided it was time for another change. "John. I want you to stick that monster in Amy's pretty little mouth. Chris, I want you to assfuck Nina."

They all obeyed without question. John pulled his rigid cock out of Nina and moved over to where Amy was waiting, lying on her back with her mouth open, trailing her fingers over her erect nipples. He held her blonde hair and jammed his meat into her mouth. Kate got a close up so we could see her throat bulging with every thrust of John's hips. I was looking forward to doing the same to her myself in a few minutes.

Next to them on the bed, Chris had lubed up his cock and was inching it inside Nina's asshole. It was clearly much tighter than Amy's had been and Chris was having to go slowly, pushing it in carefully, allowing the small Spaniard time to get used to it. She seemed eager to feel it all the way inside her though and was pushing back onto it as much as Chris was pushing forward.

She was also continuing to deepthroat Rich, and he was clearly close to orgasm, his eyes closed and brow furrowed in concentration. 

No sooner had Chris got balls deep into Nina than Kate ordered him to pull out and said: "Now it's time for your punishment, you little Spanish whore. Time to tear open that asshole. John, fuck her butt."

Nina didn't complain. She probably knew better than that. She did turn to look at John's massive pole, which after face-fucking Amy for a few minutes was now sticking straight up, fully engorged with veins throbbing along its length. She whimpered with a combination of fear and excitement. 

Chris wasn't going to be left out. He got underneath Nina and slid his cock into her pussy. He held still while John began working his purple cockhead into her tight hole. If she hadn't been opened up already he'd never have got in there, but she was already stretched and so he was able to work the spongy head in fairly easily. Amy was kneeling next to him, pushing his ass forward and rubbing his chest.

"Go on, John. Let her have it all," she said. "It felt so good in me. Nina, you'll love it."

Nina's mouth was full of Rich's cock but she nodded enthusiastically, her dark brown hair shaking around her head. With a growl John pushed forward, burying his nine inch cock balls deep in the five foot tall Spanish girl. 

"Fuck yeah!" shouted Amy. "Now fuck her. All three of you."

The three men responded well to vocal encouragement from the beautiful blonde girl. Rich reached down to hold open Nina's mouth and started fucking her face. Nina could only try to grip onto his hips and you could hear the thud of his cock against the back of her throat. Chris and John started alternating in and out of her pussy and butt, neither of them making any attempt to be gentle, both of them fucking her as hard as they liked. 

Nina gave in to this powerful onslaught, letting her body go limp, and allowing the three men to take their pleasure from her body. Above the deep grunts and panting of the men we could occasionally make out a higher pitched cry as she came time and time again, but the loudest sound was of three cocks plunging into her body, opening her up, finding areas inside her that had never before been touched.

On the sofa, all three of us were touching our own sex organs, me slowly pumping my fist up and down my aching cock, desperate not to cum just yet, Jen and Amy furiously rubbing their clits, desperate to cum as quickly as possible.

Jen came first with a cry just as the men on the film started to shower Nina with their cum. Chris had moved out so he was kneeling next to her, his cum spraying all over her back. John's huge cock was pumping its seed all over her butt and Rich was covering her face with his load. When Amy on screen leant down to suck the last cum out of John's cock, Amy on the sofa came loudly, writhing about, her face contorting in ecstasy. 

I couldn't watch any longer. I had to act. The air in our living room was heavy with the smell of sex and I had to fuck one of these women or I'd explode. 

I reached over and lifted Jen up so she was straddling me. She's so light I could hold her in the air with her pussy hovering just above my throbbing shaft. 

"Oh yes," she moaned, still recovering from her orgasm. "Fuck me, Nick."

I then lowered her down, my prick so stiff it sank easily into her, until I was all the way inside her. My shaft was surrounded by burning liquid. She was clamping her pussy walls around me, coaxing me to immediate orgasm. Our faces were level, and she leant forward to kiss me, her full ripe lips parting to allow my tongue into her mouth. 

"God you two are so hot together," said Amy. 

I'd almost forgotten about her.

Jen broke our kiss to lean over to Amy. They kissed while I remained embedded in Jen's pussy. I didn't want to move in case I came. 

Then Amy leant over and kissed me. It felt so dirty to be kissing one girl while buried up to my nuts in another one. I was ready to cum, but I wanted more. 

I stood up, keeping Jen impaled on my cock, then I turned around and placed her on the sofa next to Amy. They looked at each other and kissed, deeply and slowly. 

I slid out of my girlfriend and moved to position my dick at the entrance to my ex-girlfriend's pussy. Jen reached down and opened Amy's cunt lips for me. I could feel the heat coming out of her, and when Jen leant down to suck on one of Amy's nipples I pushed my hips forward.

"Oh fuck yes!" shouted Amy and I at exactly the same time. We would have laughed, but were both too intent on fucking to waste time with humour. I revelled in the velvety smooth sensation of Amy's pussy. I knew it so well, but would never tire of feeling it. 

I began to build up a rhythm in and out of her, and looking down I saw Jen was using a finger to rub her friend's clitoris. It didn't take long to push Amy over the edge, and she came, bucking up and down on my shaft, grinding her pubis against mine.

I held still, gritted my teeth and tried not to cum. 

When I pulled out of Amy my cock was dripping wet, purple and absolutely rigid. I moved back between Jen's legs and with one thrust filled her cunt again. I was so swollen that I was bumping against her cervix. I knew this could hurt, so I angled up slightly to caress her g-spot with my cockhead. This sent her wild and she started thrashing about, screaming my name and gripping onto the edge of the cushions. 

"I'm gonna cum!" she shouted, as I plunged in and out of her hole, my cock rasping against her growing g-spot. 
