 Katelyn checked her delivery logs one more time, and was delighted to see another Gerson shipment had arrived ahead of schedule. Every delivery Blake had sent with Katelyn's company had arrived on time, and the latest had made it to the distributor ahead of schedule.

"This could not have gone any better," Katelyn said to herself.

It had taken some doing to get Gerson to sign on with Katelyn, even on a trial basis. Her pussy tingled a bit when she thought how she had landed the account. It was definitely shaping up to be the most profitable blow job she'd ever given.

With the service going better than expected, Katelyn was ready to make the next move. A contract with Gerson would mean a huge commission for Katelyn, and it would mean that she had landed a client her company had been chasing for a long time.

She dialed Blake's office number, and when he picked up, she had already found her inner Katie.

"Hello, sweetie," she flirted. "Did you see another delivery went through? Isn't it about time you pulled the trigger on this deal?"

Blake was not a bad guy, just kind of boring. That hadn't stopped her from sucking his cock to help land the deal. She'd done what it took, and now she was ready to cash in.

"I just talked to my boss, and he wants to talk to you," Blake said. "Can you meet us for dinner tonight to go over the details?"

Katelyn knew Blake was a little smitten with her, and she played along. She'd already swallowed a load of his cum, so flirting may have been going overboard. But she liked having the power after so much time working on Blake.

She agreed to meet Blake and his boss, Cliff for dinner. Katelyn figured that Blake had gone to bat with her with Cliff, so she hoped the dinner meeting would be a formality. And because she was having so much fun now, she unbuttoned one of the buttons on her blouse, which gave anyone who cared to look a view of her bra and the large boobs contained therein.

The restaurant was on the other side of town, so she left a little early, telling her boss she was meeting a client. He had been thrilled with her landing a trial with Gerson, so he didn't say anything about her skipping out on the end of day sales meeting.

It was just after five when she arrived. Katelyn picked out Blake right away, but she was surprised to see two other guys at the table with him. She walked over to Blake, shook his hand and gave him a little wink.

"You brought friends I see," she said to Blake.

"This is my boss, Cliff," Blake said. "And this is Billy. He's a vice president in charge of operations."

"Nice to meet you both," Katelyn said.

"Blake wasn't lying about you," Cliff said with a smile. Actually, it was more of a leer, Katelyn thought.

Cliff was a big man. Not fat, but tall and well-built. She noticed how big his hands were when they shook. She could tell he was used to being in charge, and his confidence was a little intimidating.

Billy on the other hand was a fairly quiet younger guy. His handshake was perfunctory and not particularly strong, but even so she could tell both Cliff and Blake deferred to him. He was dressed stylishly and he had good looks that could only be described as boyish.

Katelyn sat down, and the three of them discussed business over drinks. Cliff said he was satisfied with the service thus far. Katelyn assured him that she was sure that the service would continue if they signed an exclusive contract.

"I'll bet you're sure of that," Cliff said suggestively. She was starting to think Cliff knew about the special presentation she had given Blake. And the fact that he kept stealing glances at her tits only heightened her conviction that he knew.

In fact, all three of her dinner companions had been sneaking peeks at her boobs. That was fine with her, because men often behaved more like boys in the presence of big boobs, and she was playing it up nicely.

The food arrived, and the conversation flowed freely. Katelyn let Katie direct the conversation, and the men seemed to enjoy the bubbly and flirty saleswoman. She was pretty sure things might be going her way, so she asked if they were ready to sign the contract with her company.

"It all sounds good," Cliff said. "Blake speaks highly of you, and Billy's dad likes to keep his business local, so we might be willing to work with you."

Billy's dad? Then it hit her. This was Billy Gerson, the owner's son. No wonder he got a VP title, she thought.

"But there's one more thing," Cliff said. "Blake said you had a sales presentation that really helped him make up his mind. I'd like to see that presentation as well."

So they knew, Katelyn thought. Oh well, it was too late to turn back now.

"Sure, I think we can set that up," she said, knowing what it would take to get the contract signed. In for a penny, in for a pound, she told herself.

"Well, it so happens I do a lot of business in my Escalade," Cliff said. "Should we retire to work out the final details?"

She was surprised he would be so brazen. And when she looked at Billy and Blake, she saw by their dopey smiles that they were in on it too.

"Sure thing," she managed. "Billy, Blake would you excuse us for a bit?"

"Oh, I think we'd all like to see the presentation," Billy said. "I know Blake would."

This was unexpected. She had thought she might have to suck a cock to close the deal. But now it was looking like it would be three.

Before she could protest, Billy got up to pay the bill. Cliff and Blake also got up and headed outside. Without really thinking about it, she followed.

As she walked, she figured she'd better try and get control of herself and the situation. Katelyn knew what she had to do, but she was going to do it on her terms.

"All right, you two sit in the back seat," she told Cliff and Blake. "Blake's already familiar with my technique, so I will demonstrate for you Cliff."

Cliff already had his cock out, and so she wasted no time taking it in her mouth. What they said about guys with big hands certainly was true in Cliff's case, as his hard cock was quite a bit bigger than Blake's. But she'd handled bigger, so it was not a problem for her talented mouth. Cliff groaned as she deep-throated him, and she knew it wouldn't be long until she had a load in her belly.

From the corner of her eye she could tell Blake already had his out and was stroking it. As she moved her head up and down Cliff's big dick, she heard the front door open and assumed it was Billy climbing in the front seat.

It wasn't long before her mouth and hands had pushed Cliff to the edge, and he grunted as he erupted in her mouth. She looked up at him and swallowed his cum, letting him see the delight she took in getting him off.

"Billy, how about you?" she asked. "Are you ready for my sales presentation?"

Billy stammered something about just getting married. She replied that Cliff and Blake were both married, and she wouldn't tell if he didn't. He stammered a little, so she moved on to Blake.

"Well Blake, how about another demonstration?" she said with a smile.

Blake eagerly agreed. Katelyn took off her top and bra, setting her double-d tits free. 

"There now," she said to the guys. "Now we're all comfortable."

As Blake nervously laughed, she took him in her mouth. Katelyn again considered what an unremarkable guy Blake was, and how his cock fit in with the rest of his unremarkable personality. But dollar signs danced in her head, and that gave her all the impetus she needed to get him off again.

She knew what Blake liked, so she took him all the way into her mouth and met his gaze. A few strokes, a few licks and some eye contact had him blowing his load down her throat, her second of the meeting.

By this time, Billy had taken his cock out and was stroking. She was having so much fun that she thought she'd take another run at him.

"You know, if you don't stick it in my mouth, it isn't cheating," she said.

He looked a little puzzled until she held her tits together, and then he got the message.

"You know, I guess you're right," he said.

Katelyn pulled him by his stiff cock into the very back row of seats. She stroked his stiff cock a bit, and spit on her hands to provide a little lubrication. Then she wrapped her boobs around his cock and started moving up and down on his cock.

It wasn't long before he started going with her, fucking her tits with wild abandon. Figuring she would leave no doubts with them about how much she wanted their business, she began talking dirty.

"Fuck my tits, Billy," she said. "I bet that little wife of yours doesn't have tits like this. This may be the only chance you ever have to fuck big titties like mine, so do it like you mean it."

Billy moved faster as Katelyn kept up the dirty talk

"Fuck my big titties, Billy," she said. "I love cum on my tits. Cum on them, Billy, cum on these big, beautiful tits."

That did the trick, and Billy's body clenched as his cum blow all over her neck and chin.

"Nice pearl necklace," Cliff said dumbly.

As she scooped up the cum off her neck and chin and spooned it into her mouth, she saw Cliff was hard again. Katelyn was having so much fun, so she upped the ante a bit, lifting her nipples to her lips and cleaning what was left of Billy's jizz with her tongue.

"You wanna fuck them too?" she asked in her most lascivious tone, as she looked into his eyes.

He did, and it wasn't long before his cock was between her tits.

"Goddamn, Cliff, this is a big dick," she said as he fucked her boobs.

The compliment was over the top, but she could tell he loved having his ego stroked along with his dick. She dribbled more spit between her tits to keep the friction at bay, and Cliff pumped harder between her tits. It wasn't long before he shuddered and gave Katelyn her fourth cumshot of the day. She cleaned herself up with her fingers and tongue and looked over at Blake, who was furiously trying to get his cock hard again without success.

Billy was having no such problems getting hard again, so she asked him if he was ready to go again.

"Suck it, Katelyn," he said. She guessed he had reconsidered his position on oral fidelity, and she was happy to oblige with the cutest one of the guys in the SUV.

She knew his second orgasm would not come easy. With her hands on his stiff cock, she looked up into his blue eyes and smiled before taking him all the way into her mouth.

"Mmm, you taste good," she said as she pulled off his cock. "Your dick is perfect!"

Katelyn thought she might be laying it on a little thick, but he did have a nice cock, and complimenting it certainly did nothing to discourage him.

Moving up and down on it with her hand, she gave him another intense session of eye contact before taking it back in her mouth. Now she began moving up and down, taking him further and further into her mouth with each stroke.

Everyone in the Escalade had cum but her, and she was dying to touch herself. She reached down with her hand and began rubbing her pussy as she sucked and licked his cock and balls. Billy seemed to enjoy watching her play with her pussy, and his cock twitched a little bit in her mouth.

"Not yet," she said. With that, she stood up and dropped her skirt and panties, revealing her completely naked body to the guys for the first time. She knelt back down in front of Billy, and began rubbing her clit furiously as she stroked his cock with her other hand. Katelyn wanted, needed, to cum, but she didn't want to do it alone.

She saw the other guys staring at her, dumbfounded. Cliff was spent after cumming twice, and Blake was still unable to get it up, but it wasn't for lack of trying. But they were sure as hell enjoying her show.

As she approached her climax, Katelyn took Billy's cock back in her mouth. It wasn't long before she felt him getting close, and she wanted to time her orgasm with his. She pushed her fingers in and out of her pussy, and it wasn't long before she began to cum. As her orgasm hit her, she moaned on Billy's hard cock, which pushed him over the edge. She felt his sperm hitting the back of her throat as he gasped, and she swallowed yet another cum load.

"Wow," Billy said, as he came down from his orgasm.

"Wow," said Cliff and Blake in unison.

"That was fun, boys," Katelyn said. "So, now that you've seen how I close a sale, can we get the paperwork done?"

She cleaned up as best she could, wiping herself off with her panties. Cliff grabbed a briefcase from under his seat, and she saw that the contracts were already written up and signed. He threw the contracts at her, and told her it was the best sales presentation he'd ever seen.

Fully dressed now, Katelyn smiled at the guys. 

"Pleasure doing business with you, and don't hesitate to call me if I can help you with anything in the future," she said with a smile.

The three guys laughed and helped her out of the Escalade. She was surprised to see that the whole thing had taken less than an hour, and it was still light outside. She climbed into her car with the precious contracts clutched tightly to her.

With this commission, she thought she might be able to put a down payment on a new car, she thought as she got behind the wheel and put her Britney Spears CD in the stereo. She realized it was the most productive hour of work she'd done in a long time.