 This was written a while ago. What was I thinking on Christmas Day???? This is erotic fiction and is for adults only. Depending on where you are, this could mean you must be over 18 or over 21. If you're offended by stories about consensual sex between men and women, please read no further. You have been warned!

COPYRIGHT: 25 DECEMBER 2002. May not be reproduced or distributed without written permission from the author.

INTRODUCTION 

This is a story in several parts, starting with F solo, FFM encounter, FFF, FFM and so on. Read them in sequence to get the best out of it! There are sections of narrative that build the characters and scenes. Don't skip them to get to the sexy parts because if you know the background, the sexy parts are even sexier! I would welcome comments from women as well as men, as both Jack and Jill went up the hill together! Send comments to the address in my profile.

*

Kath opened her post with shaking hands. She was anxious but not worried about the contents of the letter marked "Private and confidential." She knew who had sent the letter, and why; but she didn't know what detail it contained.

Kath was a healthy woman, in her prime. She wondered whether she was middle-aged or not. Was 42 middle aged these days? Sometimes she felt young and carefree and yet other days she felt worn and tired. She exercised regularly and enjoyed a good diet of fresh food and fruit. OK, she could afford to lose a few pounds around her middle, but she was in pretty good shape. Not particularly tall, she had a graceful elegance as she walked. Her legs were shapely; her bottom was soft and roundly curved but well proportioned for her height. Her breasts were those of a mother of two children, ample, slightly droopy and subtly veined. Nevertheless, they showed Kath was a real woman.

Kath enjoyed sex and had been quite adventurous with her husband. She often had solo sex too and masturbated just for the fun of it, as she had earlier that morning in her bath. She loved to torment herself with the slow build-up to orgasm using her showerhead to rain water down on her sex. It always gave a thrill, but lately it took ages to achieve her climax, even if she used her fingers to delve in her bushy pubic hair to find her clitoris to massage it more forcefully.

From the magazines Kath read, she knew that she was like many other women. For quite some time her body lacked the ability to orgasm with ease, and sometimes not at all. Sure, she tried all sorts of techniques either by herself or with her lover. But something either in her mind, body or spirit seemed to deny her ultimate pleasure. Naturally, being a sensible woman, Kath visited her GP who put it down to stress. The doctor didn't even examine her, but without too much thought, did ask questions about her sex life and general lifestyle. 

Doctor Stevens had been in practice for well over 40 years and was approaching retirement. Either he didn't care or wasn't trained sufficiently to read the signs that were causing poor Kath such distress. Actually, Doctor Stevens poo-pooed even the idea of the female orgasm and to him, a healthy libido was a dutiful once a month quickie that was more for the man's benefit than hers. This reflected more on his view of life than any current medical thinking. He hadn't read a medical or scientific training magazine for years, and most of his patients were men! Kath made a mental note to change her GP.

Kath was desperate because her recent low sex drive affected her marriage. Being bright, intelligent and in need, she asked for a second opinion. Stevens suggested the local hospital, but Kath simply became angry when that was suggested. She wanted action, and needed it now, not in 6 months or a year when the local hospital got around to her case! As a member of a private healthcare scheme, she demanded that Stevens referred her immediately to a consultant. Dr Stevens reluctantly agreed. He could not see any justification for all this private nonsense. His patients should wait for the NHS to creak into action. One patient was as important (or unimportant) as the next. But on Kath's insistence, he wrote to a Harley Street consultant gynaecologist called Andrew Maxim, whose name he grudgingly found in a medical directory. The letter she read contained the address and time of her appointment. 

On the day of her meeting, Kath entered the quaint and well furnished London consulting rooms of Mr Maxim and was greeted by Jayne, the receptionist and medical nurse who had joined the practice soon after graduating with honours at a major London medical school. Tall and willowy, Jayne was simply stunning with bright hazel eyes that set off her complexion and auburn hair. Kath gave her the once-over and estimated a long size 8 or 10, and her age to be early to mid twenties.

Jayne greeted Kath with a professional but warm and welcoming smile that spoke volumes. Kath couldn't understand what was being said subliminally, but she felt safe in this threatening environment. After all, Kath had received a few internal exams in her time, and none were enjoyable. The thought of her feet in stirrups and her legs open for display was distinctly unpleasant.

Jayne asked Kath to sit down across her desk and began to take details about Kath's history and referred to the notes and letter from Dr Stevens. Suddenly, Kath was overwhelmed with emotion and panic when she told Jayne about her intimate problem. Jayne tried to comfort her with kind words and explanations, but as she was speaking, tears welled up in Kath's eyes. She was desperate for a solution and told Jayne that it had been months since she had enjoyed a fast and strong orgasm. Jayne got up from her side of the desk and went to comfort Kath who was sobbing quietly.

"There, there", said Jayne. "You'll see that Mr Maxim will be able to diagnose the trouble, and maybe find a cure. He's very experienced and you'd be surprised how many women leave his care feeling a whole lot better. In fact, some ladies have a whole course of treatment lasting several months, and seem to be almost pleased to come back!" 

Whilst Jayne was talking, she had her arms around Kath's shoulders and gently hugged her. Kath began to feel comforted and sensed that the hug was perhaps more than just a sign of professional care. She also smelled Jayne's perfume and looked at her beautiful hands and pretty face and radiant eyes. Jayne smiled and Kath felt a warm shiver creep across her body. She had never felt this way before and was puzzled but strangely attracted to this new feeling. Jayne returned to her desk and Kath felt relieved and less pressurised. She relaxed visibly and as Jayne finished her notes, Kath read some of the magazines in the reception area whilst waiting for Mr Maxim.

Andrew Maxim was late. Having been at the gym, he ran up the flight of stairs that led from his parking space at the back of his office to his surgery. It was strange that Mr Maxim was called Mister, because only a few weeks ago he had been called Doctor. But now, as a fully-fledged consultant, his appellation changed. He chuckled to himself as he thought of the reason for this fast rise to becoming a consultant. He had pioneered a new method of curing a particular type of sexual dysfunction in women; and had studied hard and perfected his technique and his reputation had reached world status. It seemed the only medic who didn't know of his prowess was a quack called Stevens who just happened to be the GP of his next patient!

In the adjoining room, Jayne and Kath were chatting amiably, and gradually Kath became accustomed to Jayne's obvious caring and professional ways. Jayne explained that Mr Maxim would be ready soon and that she would often act as a chaperone as well as assistant to him. In that way, Kath could be sure that nothing untoward would happen. In the short time that Kath had been in Jayne's care, the two ladies had already established a rapport that was an additional comfort to the optimistic thought that at last, Kath would be able to fully enjoy sex. But in the back of Kath's mind was the question of exactly how Mr Maxim would be able to solve her problems. She did not enjoy pain, and was rather shy and did not relish the idea of even taking her clothes off in front of another person, let alone undergo an intimate examination. After all, what's so nice about a painfully stretched vagina during an exam?

Andrew stepped out of the shower in the private bathroom next to his surgery. As a fit 49-year-old at the peak of his career, the only flaw with him was his arrogant streak. But this blatant exhibition of power was justified as he was a brilliant physician and all his patients loved him as much as the results he was able to provide. He wasn't particularly tall, nor model-like slim and firm, but he radiated a magnetism that went far beyond the purely physical. He kept himself fit and although balding, he kept his appearance clean, sharp, youthful and handsome. 

He shaved closely and applied a special balm to his face that soothed and moisturised and smelled delicious. It was his own special recipe of patchouli, lavender and ylang-ylang blended into a non-greasy but rich vitamin E base. His face shone with health and he winked at himself in the mirror as he straightened his Italian silk tie that he had bought in Milan during a conference; across the collar of his Thomas Pink of Jermyn Street shirt. Yes, he looked dashing, and this was part of his charm. He exuded not power in an evil sense, but an established confidence that was incredibly attractive.

Andrew opened the door leading to the reception room and smiled warmly to Kath as he greeted her and ushered her into his consulting room. The room itself was well furnished with a desk, a couple of easy chairs, two sets of silk fabric covered screens and a white slide viewing light box on the wall. There were some pictures of mountains covered in snow with jagged peaks surrounded by cloud. In the corner of the room was a set of skis that were there to remind him that every now and then he needed to get away from it all and enjoy himself in a different way from the norm. The skis were a diversion for the patients to talk about, because really Mr Andrew Maxim enjoyed his work completely and couldn't imagine a better time and place anywhere on earth, even half way up a mountain in Courcheval. Kath fidgeted in her seat whilst Mr Maxim read her notes and considered his best course of action. When he spoke, his voice was rich, bold, strong and confident. He told Kath that he knew, really knew and understood what was making her so sad. She could hear in his tone that he had the answers and she fell under his pleasant spell. But she still feared the process itself. Although she had no real idea about the treatment, she knew that she would certainly reveal herself fully to his power.

"You seem a bit worried," said Mr Maxim. "What's on your mind?" "It's just that I really want to have an orgasm easily but more often than not, lately with my husband I can't, no matter what I do or what gets done to me. Now I'm here in this room with a strange man and I know that I shall have to take my clothes off and submit to an internal examination," replied Kath.

Andrew grinned and said, "That's OK. I hear the same worries from most of my patients, and I've devised a special way to take away your fears. The first thing I do is explain what I will be doing to you, and if you want Jayne to hold your hand whilst I do it, then that's fine too. I can help you and give you a mild sedative to ease you, or we can try a gentle hypnosis. But really, you must believe that all I really want to do is help you find pleasure as soon as possible, and the ability to continue to have pleasure for the rest of your life." Kath smiled and felt more secure. "Yes please, I'd like Jayne to be with me, and I'm too wound up for hypnosis, so I'll try the sedative."

Andrew picked up the telephone on his desk and spoke with his receptionist and requested that she joined them in the consulting room. Whilst she was coming in, Andrew prepared a syringe with a mild narcotic that was effective, quick, virtually painless and rendered the patient compliant but awake and aware of stimuli. But it also affected part of the brain's memory system so that the patient recovered fully and well but was unable to remember clearly what had gone on before if it had been stressful, but would make a positive and lasting memory if the patient enjoyed the experience. 

Jayne sat next to Kath and held her hand as Andrew explained. "Of course I will have to take a look at you. That's the only way I can diagnose the problem. But I'll be as gentle and quick as I can be. Especially, I will be looking for your ability to lubricate, because this is often a cause for discomfort. I'll do this by inserting a finger or two inside you, and gently circling your clitoris with my thumb. I may even use a vibrator to help things along. I will try to bring you to orgasm and if it works, that's fine, but if not we'll have to schedule another appointment for some more intensive treatment. When I've done that, we'll have a chat about the next step. Any questions?" 

Kath shook her head from side to side and looked deeply into Jayne's eyes. The nurse smiled reassuringly, patted her hand and said, "Don't worry, you'll be just fine." Kath smiled, but her heart was pounding and she was still apprehensive.

Andrew then spoke to Kath. "As this sedative takes only a few seconds to work, please go behind the screens and take off your clothes." To Jayne and Andrew, it was a simple request... but to Kath it was an order and she had no option but to obey. She rose to her feet and was guided to one of the screens behind which was a small dressing table and a coat stand with some hangers on it, ready to receive Kath's garments. Jayne told her to take everything off, and to put on the paper panties and gown that was neatly folded on the dressing table. The gown had no buttons, but thin ribbons of paper to tie the front to preserve Kath's modesty. She chuckled to herself at this ridiculous one-size-fits-all attire and disrobed. Her breasts were soft yet firm, and as she thought of what was to come, her nipples hardened. She looked down at them and thought "not bad, not bad at all. I hope he likes them! Mind you, he sees boobs all the time so he probably won't be that impressed." Kath was confident with herself about her body and yet shy in front of others. 

She knew every square inch of her breasts as she caressed them at least twice a day, as a prelude to deeper masturbation on the quest for an orgasm. She knew how squeezing her buds with just the right amount of pressure would alter her breathing, how a gentle but firm rub would make them swell. She went back into the main part of the room and sat down in the chair where Andrew and Jayne were waiting for her.

"Now, to explain. First, I shall give you the sedative and then take you through the other screens to my treatment room. There's a special examination chair in there for you, and I don't want you to be alarmed when you see it. It's not a conventional examination couch because it has straps attached to it and is connected to a computer console. It's a bit space-age, so I wanted to warn you not to be freaked-out by it! I use it for a variety of treatments, depending on this first examination." Kath was impressed by the doctor's honest and direct approach and felt that she could indeed trust him to provide the answers to her problems.

"So, now you know. Do you have any questions?" asked Mr Maxim.

"Yes" replied Kath. "Will Jayne be there with me, because I want her to hold my hand?" 

"Of course" said Andrew. "So, let's get started. First, I'd like you to sign a form agreeing to the examination and possible treatment, then when you're ready, you're going to feel a little prick whilst I sedate you, so just relax." Jayne and Kath tutted to each other at the hackneyed joke, and Andrew simply smiled. He'd used that line a thousand times before and always had the same reaction. He passed Kath the form which she signed without hesitation. Then, as Kath's attention was elsewhere, Andrew deftly slipped the needle into Kath's arm and gently applied pressure to the syringe to sedate his patient. Kath hardly felt anything whilst she was helped through into the adjoining room and into the chair.

Within a few minutes, Kath's head began to swim and she felt that she didn't have a care in the world. She could see, hear and speak clearly but it was as if she was floating six inches off the ground. The chair itself was a bit like an old dentist's chair that moved up, down, forward and backward and reclined into the horizontal. But the clever part was still hidden. At the touch of a button, the lower part of the seat split apart and moved wide, forcing open the legs of the occupant. But although apprehensive bells clanged in Kath's head, she couldn't have cared less. 

Andrew asked Kath if she was comfortable and Kath nodded affirmatively. Andrew then offered Kath a relaxing massage to help her dispel any trepidation she may still have. Kath smiled in agreement. In fact, she was so relaxed that she closed her eyes and she was quite enjoying all the pampering she was receiving at the hands of her consultant and assistant. She felt hands open her gown and caress her beautiful body as she lay almost naked with legs spread apart in the examination chair. She thought that the hands were soft and gentle, and quite unlike any man's hands she had encountered before. They actually felt more like her own hands, but they couldn't have been because hers were safely at her side. She opened her eyes to find that the hands holding, caressing and kneading her neck, chest and breasts belonged to Jayne. She wasn't angry or upset with the doctor's assistant, but simply luxuriated in the warm and cosy feeling and smiled at her in gratitude. 

Meanwhile, Andrew was working elsewhere and began to rub Kath's mound and apply pressure to her pubic bone. This made Kath feel even better and she sighed pleasurably. She could remember feeling this way before, a long time ago, when her marriage was new. That was years ago, and although sex with her husband was still a pleasant rarity, the shine had worn away. But all she knew was that she wanted these feelings to continue and grow, with Andrew and Jayne. Every time Andrew pushed down, Kath pushed her pelvis up to meet him. 

Andrew was searching through Kath's hair, trying to find the gateway to her soul and the answer to her problems. But her growth was rich and thick and he couldn't make the progress he needed. He asked his assistant for the razor, bowl and warm towels. Jayne left her massage duties and went to a cupboard for the equipment the consultant ordered. She returned a few moments later and after Andrew had deftly removed her panties, Kath experienced the delights of first the buzz and vibration from the electric shaver, then the warm water and shaving oil that would leave her shaven smooth as silk, open and vulnerable. Kath liked feeling this way too... a delicate mixture of wondering and basic lust.

Andrew began to masturbate his patient. He applied lubricant to his latex-gloved hands and gently caressed the outer folds of Kath's newly shaved sex. He used his knuckle to stroke the outer parts of her vulva and examined her carefully whilst doing so. Kath sighed peacefully and Jayne noticed how her breathing had slowed down and deepened. She reported her findings to Andrew who replied, "Thank you, nurse." Although Jayne had seen a woman being manipulated in this way many times before, it was still a real turn-on for her and she too began to lubricate, so much so that her panties soon became slick with her juices. As Andrew continued his ministrations, playing his fingers up and down the folds of her labia, Jayne continued the breast massage, concentrating on Kath's now rigid nipples. 
