 Well, I called Gail a couple days later as you might imagine. I was just so sure I was going to fuck this pretty little country girl the next time we got together. I went over to the little rental house they had on Hatteras st. and met her mother and little sister. They both seemed to like me.

We went out for a drive and I took her down to Hollywood, figuring a girl from small town Americana would be impressed. Of course, the reality of it was Hollywood stunk like pee by the late sixties. The glamour days? Long gone! Anyway, we checked out the footprints in front of Grauman's Chinese theater and walked around a bit.

When we got back to her house Gail led me to the back yard where the previous tenant had left an old VW Beetle up on blocks. Maybe a '61. We got in the thing and started kissing right away. Gail liked me and wasn't shy. She loved to french and would stick her tongue sensuously into my ear. I got her bra off and she seemed to enjoy getting her nipples sucked. I was hoping for some pussy action and eventually shifted my attention down south. Gail was reluctant to allow me to touch her vagina.

"I...I was so stupid back home." She breathed in explanation. Story of my Life. Girl does something stupid back home and I have to pay for it. I unzipped my pants and placed Gail's hand on my turgid cock.

"Could you just touch it a bit Gail...?" I urged her. "Help me out here." Gail did as I'd requested and began to stroke my cock, soft and slow at first and then picking up speed. She spit on her hand and used the lubrication to increase my pleasure. Up and down she stroked me. Now I really wanted to fuck and pleaded my case to her but she just whispered,"Not Yet!"

"Suck my nipples!" She gasped and I eagerly did so, enjoying the feeling as they stiffened in my mouth. I still hoped to get into her pussy tonight and actually managed to slide my fingers into her panties where I briefly touched her pubic hair. Gail moaned and redoubled her efforts on my cock.

And then my time was there and, with a grunt, I began to spurt come all over her hand. She cooed in appreciation as she saw my sperm splashing out into the air. "You were horny!" She noted. "You came a lot!"

Yes, I was wondering how she had become such an expert on amounts of jism that men produce during orgasm and couldn't help but ask later, "Gail, what do you mean 'I was so stupid back home?'"

Long pause. I was pretty sure she didn't want to tell me about this but she knew she needed to come up with some explanation for her reluctance to have sex with me. After all...I was a mature man! With my manly needs! Finally she began to speak.

"I grew up in a small town. That means everyone knows everyone else from kindergarten through high school. My graduating class was only 14 kids. Eight girls and six boys. So...so I knew those boys really well. We used to hang out in the summertime. It was hot in Minnesota in summer and the mosquitos! Oh my God, we had to row out into a lake to get away from them! We were too young to drink but we found ways to get a few beers and we'd hang out and drink them, sometimes in 'The old Sea Captain's House.' We called it that but it was just an abandoned shed adjacent to Captain Bill's house. No one ever saw this guy but everyone called his house The Old Sea Captain's house. We could have some privacy there, as long as we were quiet, and at least the bugs couldn't get us. 

"One night the boys, there were three of them that I hung out with, the guys were all giggling, like they were all in on some kind of joke. I finally asked what was so funny and Kenny, the oldest, well, he told me they'd read a magazine article that described a 'Circle Jerk.' Of course I had no idea what that was and they were all giggling and punching each other and finally Bruce, my next door neighbor, explained it to me. He said the boys sit in a circle and the girl has to go from boy to boy and give them all a hand job until they come. It wasn't hard to figure out what they wanted from me. Of course, I refused."

I knew there was more to the story so I prompted her. "C'mon Gail, you know you wanted to jerk them off!" I teased

"I did not!" She insisted, smacking me on the shoulder. "OK, well, I was curious to, you know, see them...do it." I was nodding my head now. Of course you wanted to see them spurting come so...

"So I stupidly let them talk me into this 'Circle Jerk' and Kenny opened his pants. They had brought a couple of pats of butter for lubrication and I got some on my fingers and started to slide my hand on his cock. He kind of helped me while his buddies looked on in eager anticipation. They couldn't wait for their turn! It wasn't long before Kenny closed his eyes and his face got all funny. Then I felt his penis begin to swell and then jets of white stuff came shooting out all over my arm! Bruce and John began to cheer as he finished up. Not cheering Kenny's performance mind you, they were cheering because he was finally done! 

I moved to Bruce and got some more butter and went to work on him. I must admit, it was fun to see and feel my next door neighbor's penis! Bruce was big and hard and ready when I first touched him and, again, it wasn't a long drawn out affair. He kind of raised up his butt cheeks moved himself directly at me. I made a little circle with my thumb and forefinger and rubbed a little harder. Then I felt his cock swell and he shot his come directly at my tits, managing to get some of it on my shirt. I made him use his handkerchief to clean me up. 

"Last was John, who I secretly liked. I think he liked me too. His cock just felt wonderful in my hand right away! He gave me a little smile when I touched him. I didn't get any extra butter and just used what was left on my fingers from the other boys to pleasure him. John laid back and invited me to move closer until we were laying together like lovers sometimes do My hand softly stroking his stiff penis as I watched his face. 'That's so nice Gail!' he whispered and began to shove himself right into my hand, taking charge of the situation. I wished the other boys weren't there right about then. I'd become aroused myself and wasn't sure if I could have resisted him if he'd made...advances on me. I could imagine us in that dimly lit little shed, him strokng my panties until I let him take them off. Then the two of us...

"Just then John groaned and said 'Oh, here it comes!' I gave his cock a gentle squeeze and pulled softly and then he erupted! I reached down to cradle his ball while he sent his sperm splashing all over my hand. We shared a lingering look while his buddies cheered at his sizable emission.

No wonder she gave such good "Hand" I found myself thinking. She got lots of experience! Still, I found myself thinking: "It's a pretty salacious encounter. I mean she had sex with three guys, but nobody actually fucked her. She wasn't that stupid." I knew there had to be more to the story.

I had to be content with a hand job and some titty action that night but we make plans to go out the next night. "Tomorrow's the night!" I thought to myself.