 Another boring business trip. John was unpacking his bag in his hotel in Munich. This trip had been organized at the last minute to meet with a new prospective client that he knew he had little chance with. But the company had sent him anyway. Still, he had never been to Munich before so it was an opportunity to explore a new city, and one with quite a reputation.

It wasn't long before John was sitting in a taxi asking the driver to take him somewhere exciting. 

"You mean girls," asked the driver. "We have several clubs in Munich." 

And with that he was off to the nearest club. Arriving there, John quickly discovered that it would be a $300 charge. This was not outside his budget but given that it was already late and he had an early start, he did not want to blow his cash until tomorrow when he would have more time to savor his $300. So John asked the driver to take him to a bar where he could just get a drink and enjoy the local ambience.

When John stepped out of the cab, he looked up and down the brightly lit street full of bars and set about deciding which one he would go in. He noticed an adult shop. It had been a while since he last visited one and John decided to go inside and look around. The shop was quite busy inside – mostly men browsing the various magazines and videos lined up against the side walls, but there were also a few women, with their boyfriend or husband, checking out the vibrators. John noticed one particular dark haired beauty floating around the shop with an older man accompanying her. They giggled at the various displays and moved quickly from one section to another, her knee high black dress swaying from her hips as she sashayed from one display to another. John started browsing the videos with the most explicit covers, mostly big cocks and gaping pussies. 

"So do you like that then?" asked a voice behind him. 

It was the dark haired beauty who moved to stand beside him. John looked at her briefly, but blushing, he turned back to the video display. 

"I like that one," she said, pointing to a big black cock ramming a white girl from behind. 

And then she slipped a finger along John's ass and gave him a gentle squeeze. John was stunned. Nothing like this had ever happened to him before, and he felt his cock begin to harden.

"I quite like that one," John said pointing to a photo of a blonde with her mouth gaping oozing copious amounts of thick white cum. 

And with that, he rubbed his hand over the dark haired beauty's ass and slipped his finger down towards her pussy. She gave him a smile. She looked around her and then turned slowly towards John and opened up the lower part of her unbuttoned dress revealing a shaved pussy. John's eyes just opened up wide, shocked and excited at what he saw. "What about this?" she asked. "Do you like?" She smiled again and then walked away.

John desperately wanted to adjust his cock which was straining against his pants and threatening to embarrass him. He slipped his hand in his pocket and nudged his cock to a safer place within his pants so it would be less noticeable. He looked around for the mysterious girl. Oh how he wanted to ask her to join him in a video booth and fuck her brains out. What would she say? Would she be as forward then as she had been at the video display or was it just a one-off? But she was nowhere to be found and must have left the store. 

"Damn," he thought. "Why can't I ever act in time?"

Frustrated, John browsed the store for a short while and then left, heading back to the corner he had been dropped off at, having decided to skip the drink and call it a night. No sooner had he come to this decision than he noticed his dark haired beauty some 20 yards ahead of him on the other side of the street, walking with the man she was with earlier. He made up his mind instantly and walked briskly to the couple.

"Hello," he said when he caught up to them. They both turned round. 

"I just wanted to say that what you did in the store was one of the sexiest things I have ever seen". 

"Diane," the girl announced smiling at John. 

"And this is my boyfriend Vic," pointing at the older man next to her. 

"John," he replied. They shook hands. 

Diane moved closer to John and looking him in the eyes she said "I like to have sex with two guys." 

John just stood floored by her announcement. 

"Do you want to join us?" 

This didn't require much thought from John. 

"I would love to," John said trying to be as casual as possible as if this happened to him all the time. 

In reality it had been three months since he had last had sex and he would have jumped at the chance no matter what Diane looked like. The fact that she was actually a very good looking mid thirties woman with a knockout body was too much to believe. 

"Let's go for a drink to get to know each other a bit," Diane announced walking on to the bar just ahead of them.

Seated at a table in the bar they ordered a beer each. It turned out that Vic and Diane had been together three years and were from England. Vic was clearly older than Diane and looked out of place to be with such a beautiful girl. 

"Maybe he can't satisfy her," John thought. 

They chatted for a while but John couldn't keep his eyes off Diane. His knees were in contact with Diane's and she casually placed her hand on his knee as they talked. John rubbed Diane's thigh and pushed gently trying to encourage her to show him her pussy again. Diane knew what John wanted. Looking around the bar to make sure no one was looking she moved her knees apart and pulled back her skirt. Her bald pussy again came into view and she smiled that gorgeous smile at John. John's cock instantly hardened and was visibly creating a bulge in his pants which did not escape Diane's attention. She reached up from his knee and "accidentally" brushed across the tip of this cock. By now, Diane's bald pussy was being noticed by others around them in the bar. Two couples standing to our right were staring openly at her with big grins on their faces. 

"C'mon, let's get out of here and go to our hotel," said Diane.

Their hotel was in easy walking distance. Inside Diane excused herself to the bathroom. 

"Let me get more comfortable." This left John and Vic to make small talk as they waited for her. 

"You're a lucky guy Vic," said John. 

"I know," replied Vic. "Isn't she great?"

Diane emerged from the bathroom dressed only in a red teddy and matching panties. Wow, she looked stunning. Walking up to John she immediately kissed him full on the mouth , her tongue extending to enter his mouth. John responded in kind and started to kiss her back, locking lips and licking her tongue and mouth, running his hands along her sides and pulling her ass to him. He unbuttoned her teddy and slipped his hand inside to massage her tits, reaching for her nipples. He squeezed and pinched each nipple in turn as he continued to tongue duel with Diane. And what nipples! Dark and hard as rock, they were the longest hardest nipples John ad ever seen, let alone had the pleasure fo fondling. He had to taste these and bent down to lick and suck on each in turn. 

Diane finally pushed him back. "Get undressed." 

John didn't need to be asked twice and started to undress as quick as he could. By the time he was naked, Vic had dropped his pants and had his cock deep inside Diane's mouth as she knelt before him. When she saw John was ready she left Vic's cock and moved over to John's.

"Hmmm..nice cock," she said taking it in her hands and rubbing it until it was fully hard. 

John smiled. He knew that Diane would not be disappointed with his 8" and he was at least 2" bigger than Vic. Diane licked the crown of his cock and moistened it with her saliva, gradually licking around more and more of his cock. She was very liberal with her saliva before she wrapped her warm mouth over the head of his cock. 

"God!" John exclaimed as he slipped his fingers into Diane's hair pulling her to him. 

He felt more of his cock slide into Diane's mouth, she started to bob up and down his thick shaft. She pulled out an licked up and down the bid rod looking up at John and giving him that smile she had given him before. She stuck out her tongue and slapped his cock against it. Blowing out a thick glob of spit onto his purple head she returned to devouring his cock taking him as deep as she good. This girl was good, and a damn good cock sucker. Vic looked on from behind her, sat on the bed, now naked and stroking his cock. John felt Diane pause two thirds down his shaft, open her mouth and then push down to take him fully to the back of her throat.

"Wow," John exclaimed. "No one's ever deep throated me before." Diane pulled back and gagged spitting saliva and precum over John's cock , a thin trail extending from his cock to her mouth. 

"Hmm," she said rubbing his cock up and down with her hand. Her other hand reached for his balls and massaged them before sliding a finger under them to his ass, searching for his asshole and gently pushing in. John knew he could not last much longer and pulled Diane back onto his cock. She took him instantly in deep and swirled her tongue around his shaft as she sucked him. This was too much for John and he let out a guttural cry as he shot his load into her mouth. Diane continued sucking his cock as John shot spurt after spurt, cum leaking out of her mouth and dribbling down her chin. John couldn't remember when he had lost shot so much cum.

"She's good isn't she"? John had almost forgotten about Vic. 

Diane stood up and kissed John on the mouth pushing his cum into his mouth. John had never tasted his own cum and overcoming his initial temptation to pull away, he was surprised that it tasted, well, not bad. Diane removed her teddy and turned to Vic on the bed. Climbing on , she crawled between his legs and took hold of his semi erect cock, taking it in her mouth, and working it to full erection. John watched her ass gyrate invitingly to him and moved up behind her. Amazingly his cock came back to life even though it had only been a couple of minutes since he blew his load. He ran his hand down her back and slid his fingers into her panties, sliding them over her deliciously curved ass. She helped by lifting her knees one by one so he could remove the sodden panties. She looked back at him and spread her knees apart opening up her pussy to his gaze. She smiled invitingly at him before resuming on Vic's cock. John bent forward and sniffed her ass, kissing it and gently biting. His tongue probed her pussy, gently licking the delicate folds. He dipped inside her wet hole relishing her sweet taste. She was very wet and he loved it. Diane pushed back at him trying to push his face into her dripping pussy. John smiled. This girl loved sex and he would make her cum. But this was not the time for the long drawn out love making he wanted. She needed to be fucked. But first he would make her cum with his mouth. He kissed her full on her pussy lips thrusting his tongue into her. She gasped, letting go of Vic's cock. John pulled her ass tight to him as he savaged her pussy with his tongue, licking all around her wet snatch before attacking her clit. Her clit was as hard as her nipples and almost as long. John started lapping at her clit with quick strokes, Diane squirming on the bed and pushing back at him. He grabbed hold of her pussy and pulled it wide apart and caught her clit fully between his lips. At this angle his nose was buried in her pussy, he flicked furiously at the hard clit in between his lips. This was to much for Diane and she started to buck.

"Oh, oh....aahhhhhyyyy," she screamed. John held her tight and kept his hold on her clit as Diane came hard. "Fuck, God, fuck me. Yes, yes ," she continued to shout as she came in a long wave. "That was incredible!". John smiled knowing her had given her as good as she had given him.

Vic had still not cum and was semi erect again. Maybe this why she wanted other men thought John. He didn't care. All he wanted now was to sink his meat into her wet pussy and fuck her hard. Without waiting to be invited he pushed Diane's face back down into Vic's cock, lined up his stiff cock against her pussy and pushed in shoving his cock deep into her slippery hole. Diane let out a gasp. 

"Fuck me with that big stick of yours. Fuck me hard you bastard."

John grabbed hold of her ass and started to fuck her. 

"Harder," she ordered. John picked up speed and started to ram her cunt. 

"Don't worry about me you slut," John told her feeling brave with his words. He had never dreamed of calling anyone a slut but it felt appropriate here. "Stick your mouth where it belongs on Vic's cock and let me do the fucking". 

"Just fuck me you fucker. Fuck this slut." And then Diane turned her attention back to Vic's cock and sucked him hard trying to extract his cum whether he wanted to cum or not. The dirty talk had turned Vic on and he did not last long, even though he did not get fully hard. He came with a grunt into Diane's mouth and moved aside giving John the room to push her face down on the bed and fuck her hard. Vic moved to Diane's side and looked at John. 

"Fuck this bitch John," he told him. "She needs a good fucking. Slap her ass." And with that he slapped her ass with his hand. She yelped as her cheek turned red. Amazingly John felt himself harden further. This was all new to him. He slowed.

"Nooooo...," yelled Diane. "Fuck me. Don't stop." Vic spanked her again, three, four in quick succession. "Ahhh," screamed Diane. 

"Go on," encouraged Vic pointing to her red ass. "Give it to her."

John pulled his hand back and tentatively spanked her. 

"Harder," Vic urged and spanked Diane hard. 

John spanked her again, this time harder. She yelped. He spanked her again and then again. He had the gotten the hang of this now, and also the taste for it.

"Fuck me you bastard," screamed Diane looking back at John. 

John rammed his cock into her as fast as he could, pistoning into her. Vic spanked her as John fucked her and Diane started to cum and cum continuously. 

"Ahhh, ahh...ahhhhhhhhyhyyy," she screamed. "Don't stop, don't stop". 

John pumped into her and felt his balls tighten, his release imminent. He fucked her harder and then let out his own scream as he pumped his hot cum deep into her pussy. 

"Yes, oh yes, fuck me. Cum inside of me". And with that Diane came again. John pumped rope after rope into her hungry tunnel. At last he stopped, the three of them, exhausted, collapsed on the bed. John smiled - this trip wasn't quite as boring as he had originally thought.