 It was another Friday night at happy hour at our local bar. The place was crowded this evening and it was the weekend before another group session. I had met Jennifer and Jerry there as well as a lot of regulars. Holly and Nick arrived a little later than normal. Holly had relatives in town and brought them along for dinner in the restaurant section of the bar before wandering over to the bar side and the music.

Our group was feeling fairly descent by the time Nick, Holly, and her family had finished dinner. Nick introduced Sandra, Holly's younger sister, her husband Dennis, and their daughter, Katie. Sandra was attractive, but Holly was still the hotter of the two sisters. They were in town from Indianapolis for the weekend. Dennis was a builder and owned his own company in Indianapolis while Sandra was a stay-at-home wife and mom for most of their marriage. Katie was twenty-four at the time. She was their only daughter and had taken time off from her job in Chicago at a television station to make the trip with her parents to see her favorite aunt and uncle.

Holly and Nick were still dressed like they had come from work, Nick in a suit and Holly in one of her business suits with the jacket and blouse form fitted to show off her ample cleavage and awesome shape, and her skirt short enough to let you know that she had some killer legs. Of course, she always wore high heels, and tonight was no difference.

Dennis was dressed business casual, dark jacket, dark slacks, white polo shirt and loafers while Sandra was dressed in a teal sweater dress showing off her shapely form, with a pair of matching high heels. Katie was wearing a pair of blue jeans that showed of her fantastic shape, a light gray blouse, and a dark grey blazer with black high heels. Her hair was up on a high ponytail and she sported a pair of large glasses, ones similar to the style worn in the seventies.

We didn't get to chat much. I did see the family resemblance between Holly and her sister. First impression, Katie was very cute in the librarian sort of way. Drinks, some dancing, and it was soon time to call it an evening sometime around ten that night. There was no play with Holly and Nick this evening and I didn't know if I would have the company of Jennifer or Jerry tonight. I'd have to wait and see.

Nick, Holly, and her family left just before ten. Holly gave me a kiss on the cheek and grabbed my inner thigh moving her hand up to my crotch for a quick feel. She leaned in and whispered, "I'm sorry we couldn't play this weekend. We wanted you. Don't forget, we're grilling out tomorrow. Have sweet dreams, dearest."

I was confused. "Wait, isn't it too cold for a grill out tomorrow?"

Nick, a diehard and dedicated grill out cook responded, "Not too cold for me to grill out steaks. We'll eat inside."

I smiled and shook Nick's hand as he gave me a wink. It had become his way of saying what Holly had whispered. Then Jerry and Jennifer smiled and said that they were on their way home. Jennifer's mom was at the house with the kids this evening. It appeared I was on my own. I finished my drink and left right after Jennifer and Jerry.

My Saturday's were mostly a routine. Regardless, I would find myself at the grocery in the late morning. Sometimes, I would find my way to have some of my favorite wings for lunch at the Quaker Steak and Lube, one of my "bar and grill" favorites in Pittsburgh. Sometimes, I'd meet up with Nick and Holly there with some of their clients. Today's first stop was the grocery store knowing that we were grilling out this afternoon.

I grabbed my cart and began my Saturday trek through the aisles finding myself at the meat counter. I looked to my left to see the backside view of a nice pair of tight jeans on a woman, maybe five foot two inches tall who was wearing black heels, a black sweater, and shoulder length hair bent over picking through packages of steaks. She pulled a package and stood straight up with the package in her left hand and her right hand on her hip slightly cocked and tapping her right toe, in deep thought.

I couldn't resist a quick quip. "That is one special package of steaks where you have to concentrate so deeply," I said with a smile.

She turned her head to look over her shoulder and smiled, "Trying to find what I think my aunt and uncle would like at a barbecue."

In moment, I thought she looked familiar. But I turned to the steak selections and began looking them over myself responding, "It can be a bit difficult. Too big, too small, too much fat..."

She turned and moved closer. I could sense her peering at me. "You don't remember me, do you?" She asked.

It took a moment before it sank in but she beat me to the punch, "I'm Katie, Sandra's daughter and Holly's niece. I met you last night with Jennifer and Jerry."

"My, you look very different this morning. No glasses?"

"Well, I wear them when my contacts bother me. I could put them on if you like the studious type?" She had wit. "And, you look a different this morning too. You are coming over to the grill out later, aren't you? I remember my aunt saying you, Jerry, Jennifer, their kids, and a few others would be by later."

I actually had thought about not going to the grill out with them up until now. "Sure I am. Looking forward to it."

She smiled coyly. "I do have a few questions for you too, if you don't mind me asking some?"

"Well, don't ever ask a question that you don't want to hear the answer, you know?" I smiled back at her.

She turned to the meat again, picked up a second package, placed her right hand back on her hip and began tapping her toe before speaking again. "I happened to stay in the bedroom downstairs in the basement family room area. And, as I was getting ready to turn in, I overheard a, well, very interesting conversation between my mom and Aunt Holly. They were sitting on the sofa, with the stereo on and sipping some wine, a little girl talk between sisters."

I looked at her but she didn't turn to face me. I couldn't read her face from the angle.

"Let me say, I never hear my mom say things like, "my pussy's tingling" or "oh damn, one of my favorite fantasies" and "I could never get Dennis to do those things." In my life, I never thought of my parents as sex objects."

Now, she turned to me and smiled, "I believe my Aunt Holly was talking about you, Jennifer, Jerry, some group and a pretty in depth descriptive accounting of some wild sex acts that Aunt Holly told my mom she needed to try."

I know I must have had a shocked look on my face. This young woman was almost half my age and quite attractive telling me about her Aunt's sex life. Hearing her talk like that in the grocery store caught me off guard. "So what are you asking me?"

"I would love to have some time with you, Jerry, and Jennifer before I head back to Chicago. Not only was my mom horny as hell after listening to some of Aunt Holly and Uncle Nick's sexual escapades, I was throbbing where I had to make myself cum before I could fall asleep. And, best yet, I run into you here. I do like what I see."

I must have had that dumb struck look on my face because it prompted her to ask her questions. "Don't you want me? I have so many things I'd like to do with the three of you...do you think we can, this evening?"

I thought I had to pinch myself. This gorgeous young lady was asking me if I'd like to have her in bed along with my two friends. Like, "Duh." 

I looked straight at her, her deep blue eyes looking right back at me with that waiting for an answer look. "Well, I think you may enjoy coming over to my house this evening. I think I can let Jennifer and Jerry know that you are interested."

"I am, very interested. All I could think of was diving into Jennifer, fucking you and Jerry, watching you and Jerry...well, I see why my Aunt has enjoyed you all so much." She chuckled, "Bet my mom would even enjoy you all too. Well, she'd have to think about it a little bit more, but I do want to enjoy what you have done with my Aunt."

At that moment, I was very glad that there were no others around while we had our discussion. "So Katie, how do we begin? Would you like to come over to the house this afternoon before the grill out or would you like to drop by after?"

She picked up several packages of steaks and placed them in the cart before responding. "I think this evening will do just fine. I think mom, dad, Uncle Nick, and Aunt Holly had planned to go into the city this evening. I don't feel like it. So, let's say, nine'ish? It lets the kids get to bed and I will be where you all want me to be. All I need is an address."

I asked if she had a piece of paper and a pen handy in her purse. The pen and paper appeared almost as if it were a magic trick. I kept peeking at her as I wrote down the address to my house and handed it over to her. She smiled.

"I'll see you at the grill out. We start at two." She moved her cart past me and looked over her shoulder and smiled again.

I watched her strut away and down the next aisle toward the checkout counters, heels clicking away. She was cute last night. Now, she looked like a hot little vixen. She was a number.

It took all I had to concentrate on finishing my own grocery shopping. As I finally finished up, I pulled out my cell phone and called Jerry and Jennifer's number to see if there was anything they needed while I was out and to let them know of the interesting development with Katie. Jerry answered the phone on the second ring.

As I filled in Jerry on my conversation with Katie, he began to relay the information to Jennifer. The kids must have been out and Jennifer's mother must not have been in the room. When I got to the part of how Katie wanted to join us in the bedroom, Jennifer picked up one of the phone extensions to hear the conversation for herself.

Jennifer chimed in, "She was sure looking at you last night while we were in the bar."

"Really Jen? I doubt that. I don't think she was interested until she heard the conversation between Holly and her mother. Then, I bet she began to have thoughts. She is really wanting to enjoy your wares and she really wants to be double penetrated." 

"You know she's cute," Jen responded.

"Yes, she is actually very hot. I got to see her today and she's quite electric."

Jerry responded, "So, its settled. We all go over and enjoy the grilled steaks and pretend that there is nothing going on tonight and if she shows here, we play."

I didn't need to pick up anything for Jerry and Jennifer. I wandered up to the checkout counter and tried to concentrate on the afternoon. Katie did have my attention.

When I got home, I began to unload my groceries onto my kitchen counter when I looked over and saw that I had a voicemail message on my home phone. When I hit play, I was pleasantly surprised to hear Katie's voice on the message. "I took the chance to use my Aunt's phone to call you just to let you know that you really did catch my attention last night before I heard mom and Aunt Holly's conversation. Their conversation was a bonus. Looking forward to seeing you later."

That voicemail message made me smile. I put the groceries away and went about making sure the bathrooms were clean and made sure that I changed the bed sheets for play this evening. The phone rang at about one in the afternoon. Jerry let me know that Jen's mom would take the kids this evening after we returned from the grill out. That made things much easier for all of us.

When it was time to leave, I followed them over to Nick and Holly's house. When we arrived, Holly opened the door and gave us each a kiss and the kids ran in looking for a few of their friends who were already there. They enjoyed their time with Nick and Holly.

We walked into the kitchen and found Sandra leaning against the kitchen island watching Nick through the window on the back deck preparing the grill. She turned and smiled at us as we walked in. "Glad to see you all made it today."

Jennifer responded, "We wouldn't miss one of Nick's grill outs."

Dennis walked in the kitchen and asked what he could do to help. We had several more couples and their kids arrive while we pitched in to assist in setting up the food line on the counter. Some were Holly's friends from the realty office and some neighbors. Most everyone knew each other, as this wasn't the first gathering at Nick and Holly's. At least thirty minutes had past and no Katie.

As if by magic, Katie walked into the kitchen carrying some bags from the mall. She was still dressed in the same tight jeans, black heels, and black sweater. Her mom looked at her and smiled, "I thought you weren't going to make it back. Did you have a good time at the mall?"

Katie smiled back and responded holding up the bags with a smile on her face, "I sure did. Bags are full."

One of the bags was from Victoria Secrets. The others were from high-end stores in the mall. She spun around and headed toward the stairs to the lower lever and chimed, "Anyone care to see what good deals I got?"

Jennifer smiled back and said, "Sure, I would." Jennifer followed Katie downstairs.

Things were getting busy while we continued to prepare for the cookout. Both Jerry and I enjoyed our conversations with Dennis and Sandra, along with Nick, Holly, and the other guests. In conversations with Holly and Sandra, Sandra maintained a big smile, often whispering into Holly's ear resulting in a quick giggle and lots of smiles. I knew I would have to ask Holly about their chats. Sandra had a lot of potential. But, Katie had my attention today.

Nearly twenty minutes later, Jennifer returned to the group, a smile on her face, and whispered into Jerry's ear. Jerry smiled and nodded toward me and I knew he wanted to make a comment. Jennifer walked out to assist Holly, Sandra, and Nick outside as Jerry walked over to me.

"Jennifer likes the lingerie Katie purchased. She said Katie told her she was hot and looking forward to this evening. Jennifer said why wait. That led to a steamy kiss. Jennifer said she massaged Katie's tits, then unbuttoned her jeans and slid a hand down to pussy. Katie spread her legs and let Jennifer finger her until she came. Katie is gaining her composure right about now."

All I could muster was a wow and a smile. A few moments later, Katie walked back into the kitchen area, cheeks a little flush, but with a big grin. I thought she was beautiful and radiant.

We gathered around the grill as Nick grilled the steaks. Everyone had the opportunity to have theirs cooked to order. Sandra walked up to me and began to chat about the gathering and their trip. She filled me in on their night out to a play this evening with her, Dennis, Nick and Holly. Just as her steak was ready, she grabbed me by the arm and whispered in my ear, "I'm glad that Nick and Holly met you, Jennifer and Jerry. You put something back into their relationship that they were missing for a while." She smiled and gave me a wink as she walked off toward the kitchen and dining room area.

I knew that Sandra knew everything. Of course, Katie overheard the conversation between her mother and her aunt. It didn't seem to appear that Dennis was in on what was going on. According to Holly's conversations before I had the opportunity to meet them, she knew that Dennis would never ever condone her and Nick's sexual awakenings. I wondered what he would think about his daughter's desires let alone his wife's desires.

I grabbed my plate and my steak from Nick and walked downstairs to the recreation room in front of the big screen and found a place to sit on one of the overstuffed leather chairs. Before I knew it, Katie was next to me and asked if I minded if she sat down next to me. I smiled and told her I'd love to have her company. She sat on a stack of pillows next to the chair.

Kids running around, everyone busy eating and enjoying dinner, we chatted mostly about her job in Chicago and the trip with her parents. She was enjoying her time off and was looking forward to her evening. All I could say is I was looking forward to it too.

I excused myself to take my plate back upstairs when I ran into Jennifer by the sink. "So, what items did Katie happen to purchase at Victoria Secret today?" I asked.

Well, if you really would like to know, she picked up some stockings, a black garter, a black matching shelf bra, and a new black leather skirt with a sharp red blouse. Of course, there were more items but I believe that we are all looking forward to these." Her grin was huge.

I grinned back, "Yes, I believe we are."

"Oh, and if you are wondering about how hot she is, I can tell you she's very hot. I would have let you lick my fingers after our little interlude downstairs but I kept it to myself. She tastes delicious."

"I wish I was able to have watched."

"Don't worry." She replied. "We all will have good time this evening. She's a hot little number, that one."

I gave her a kiss on the cheek and moved back down the stairs to find Katie still there. I sat back down and he mother came by and asked if we needed anything. Sandra took Katie's plate and smiled as she moved around picking up after the kids and checking on the other guests.

The sofa came open and Katie got up and grabbed my hand pulling me over to grab a seat before it could be occupied again. With a movie on cable, she sat in close, leaning against me, taking my hand into hers and leaned her head on my shoulder. Her legs crossed, her one leg bounced on the other as she snuggled in. I was very comfortable. So was she.

When it was time to go and let Holly, Nick, Sandra and Dennis get ready for their night out, I gave Katie a kiss on the cheek to let her know I needed to move. She had fallen asleep on my shoulder. She stirred and opened her eyes; "I get more than a kiss on the cheek, mister."

She looked up and I leaned over to give her a gentle kiss on the lips. The second kiss, her mouth opened to share the sweetest tongue in a sensual French kiss. I didn't want to stop but knew I had to do so, especially before her parents came down stairs.

She smiled, "There's more for you later. I will see you at your house after they leave. I'll call and let you know I'm on my way."

I left her down stairs and walked up to say good-bye to those upstairs. I got a kiss from Holly and a handshake from Nick. Dennis was on the back deck. Sandra caught me at the door and gave me a kiss on the cheek. Her hand drifted to my ass and she rubbed it saying, "I would sure love to have what Holly's tried." I got a big grin from her.

"You know where I live. Somehow, I don't think your husband would like it all too well."

She tapped my ass as I walked out and mouthed the words, "We'll see."

I walked back to the car and began to back up when Jerry and Jennifer walked out and waived. I stopped and rolled down the window on my side and told them I'd see them when they were ready.

I had a couple of hours before I knew that Jerry and Jennifer would show up. I made sure everything was in order, shaved, took a nice long hot shower, making sure I was nice and smooth, and making sure my cock and balls were shaved smooth as well. I straightened up the down stairs, made sure the bar was set with everything I could think of and ready to entertain. I turned on the TV and surround sound and sat back to watch a movie to wait for visitors.

Jerry and Jennifer were over with a night bag at eight. Jerry and I had dressed similarly in a pair of khaki pants, loafers, and a Polo shirt. Jennifer had worn a black mini skirt, red stiletto heels, a red button down blouse that matched her heels and I knew she had on a garter belt with the hose but didn't know if she had on panties. I could see her red lace bra when she moved. She didn't have all of her buttons buttoned on the blouse allowing for an erotic view of her pert breasts.
