 Katie had broken up with her long time flame after catching him in bed with his mistress. She remembered exactly how it felt. Ethan was a fashion photographer and as a result spent long hours at the studio with some of the most gorgeous women Katie had ever seen. But she had never once doubted Ethan's affection for her. So it came as a complete shock to Katie when she came home one afternoon unexpectedly from an out of town business trip to find her own dear sweet affectionate and loyal fiancé shoving his cock into a beautiful blonde bombshell's pussy. 

The blonde was writhing and squirming under Ethan as he drove his cock into her tiny almost virgin like cunt. Katie was stupefied as she watched her boyfriend stumble off the bed in shock and the model, the blonde bitch who he had been fucking, cooed "Hello darling, you must be Katie, hope you don't mind me borrowing your baby's cock, It's just that I was so hot and bothered from a tiring day's work that I wanted so badly to be fucked, so Ethan offered to help my poor pussy out. You understand don't you, honey?'

Ethan wasn't so sure. Honey he said, "I can expl..." But she didn't give him a chance to complete his sentence. Katie stormed out of the house and went to her studio, she didn't want to particularly go there on a Sunday considering the orgies her partner Christian often held as weekend fiesta's but she had no place to go. She entered her office silently and sat down on her chair, devastated. What was she going to do now? Seems like her AD agency was all she had left. And Chris... the partner she hated, because of his constant liaisons with all their clients. Why she was even sure that he was in his office right now getting a blowjob from one of their models. As she sighed she heard the doorknob turn and Chris walked in. 

Hi, Kate he said. The guard told me you were in. He was of course lying, which Katie didn't know. Chris had hidden cameras in all prime points of the office where he loved to watch and jerk off at the expense of his unsuspecting staff. Katie was his favorite. He had been wanting to fuck her from the time her had set eyes on her two years back. But she was so uptight always loyal to that waster fiancé of hers. He had been watching her from the time she had stepped into her office. He and his friends were having a drink in his office when he noticed the tiny red light hidden discretely under his desk blink announcing the arrival of his favorite girl. He knew she was upset and he knew it was time to console her. He smiled at the thought of consoling beautiful, uptight, snobbish Kate. The woman with the loveliest set of tits he had ever seen in all his life. 

"What's up angel" he asked knowing fully well how she hated him using endearments on her. "You look sick"

Katie sighed. This was all she needed now. "No Chris I'm alright, I'm just a little tired that's all" Who was she trying to kid, if she was tired then she would be back home with her boyfriend sleeping in his arms.

"I don't think so" He said. "What is it? Ethan? Did you guys have a fight?" He asked coming closer to her and sitting on her desk. He let his eyes roam all over her body. She was wearing a white semi transparent button down sweatshirt with a deep V showing ample cleavage. It was obvious she wasn't wearing a bra. Her semi erect nipples stood out against the fabric making his mouth water. 

She seemed aware of his gaze and shifted awkwardly under his steel grey eyes. "No, We did not she said indignantly"

"Yes you did. You're a poor liar sweetie" he said his eyes now taking in the length of smooth naked leg that was propped up on the table. Her tiny flared mini skirt fell to reveal her thighs most seductively.

"Did you come here to turn me on?" He asked letting her know exactly where he was looking.

"God Chris I don't need this from you now she said tiredly, I just caught Ethan in bed with Deanna and I'm fed up. Stop flirting with me please. I just don't have the strength to deal with you right now"

"Then don't. Let me help you relax" He said moving to the back of her chair. He released her dark brown curls from their restriction letting them fall to her shoulders and started a slow sensual hair massage.

Inspite of herself, Katie felt herself relax. 

"So that's it is it? He asked "Lover boy was screwing away while you were out of town? But nevermind, I'm sure we can make up for that" His hands now went to her shoulders and he started rhythmically caressing her neck and shoulders. He knew that his two friends in his office were watching him seduce poor Kate. 

"I don't think so Chris" said Katie suddenly standing up and facing him. "If you are hinting that we make love just so that I get even with Ethan then forget it"

"Come on Katie, think of Ethan your precious love screwing that bitch, his cock pumping pleasure into that tight little cunt sending it into wave after wave of orgasms? Don't you wanna get even with that?" He asked his grip never leaving her shoulders.

Katie was breathing hard now, clearly aroused by the dirty talk her nipples now stood out a full 3/4 inch each. 

"Look at you lovely tits Kate" he said turning her around to face the full-length mirror she kept in her office. "Makes me wanna rip your blouse off and suck them good" Chris knew that Katie loved dirty talk and he was using it as much as he could to arouse her. Judging by her distracted face and rigid nipples he knew he was doing a good job. Thank you camera he murmured silently, for letting him in on Katie's deepest fantasies.

His face now brushed her neck as they both looked in the mirror. Katie's hands trembled at her sides. "Chris, I..."

"Shhhh Baby, relax and let me love you. Let me ease all that tension out of your sexy body. Let me help you get even with Ethan for fucking someone other than you"

That did it. Katie was totally submissive now. She watched as Chris' hands lightly brushed her nipples. 

"Oh fuck...Chris"

"I'm really sensitive there"

"Yes baby I know and that's exactly what I'm going to do to you now. Fuck you hard and long making your sweet little cunt cum for me and cream my mouth with your pussy honey"

"Chris" she yelled sharply as his fingers pinched her nipples through the fabric. "That feels mmmm" was all she could say.

She watched the mirror as he came in front of her and started to kiss her mouth rough and hard. She loved it. Then he kissed and bit her neck. She almost fainted when his tongue flicked at her tits making her wet instantly. She watched his dark head at the mirror suckling her nipples through the thin fabric. Then in one fast move he ripped the blouse from her body and flung it aside. She was taken aback but regained her pleasure when his tongue and lips retook their place at her tits. He squeezed and sucked and nibbled causing purple bloodshots all over her big firm tits.

"Touch me there Chris Please" she begged

"Where, say it? I wanna hear you say it to me, tell me Katie what do you want me to do to you? He asked his voice raw with sexual energy.

"I want you to put your fingers in my pussy Chris and fuck me" she whimpered.

With that he carried her up and laid her on the leather couch still in full view of the mirror.

"I've dreamt of fucking you in front of this mirror since the time I saw you"

"You want my fingers in your pussy, you got it"

" Not just my fingers but my cock also"

She moaned loudly. "Yes baby yes"

"Give it to me please" Katie was over the edge now, not caring about anything or anyone least of all Ethan.

She helped Chris pull her skirt off. 

"No panties" he whispered "What a beautiful pussy you have Katie" 

Her cunt was shaven clean and as a result of Chris' lovemaking it was wet and glistening with her cream. Her clit popped out of the folds of her pussy. It was large and round like a tiny peach and obviously very aroused.

She watched as Chris went down and rubbed his face in her pussy smelling her cunt like an intoxicated man. "God, Katie, I'm gonna eat you out"

With that he went to work. Katie let out a yell as the tip of his tongue touched her clit. She shivered in excitement as he licked it vigorously and then ran his tongue along the crack of her pussy. "You taste so good" he said softly

He stabbed his tongue in deeper alternating between fucking her hole with his tongue and flicking furiously at her clit. He was like a mad man, mouth fucking her crazily. "I'm cumming, God Chris yeah baby stab my hole with your hot tongue. Lick my clit for me. Ahhhhhhhhhhhh mmmmmmmmm she screamed as he continued his assault on her pussy. She came at last flooding his mouth with thick white creamy pussy juice. She rubbed her whole pussy on his face as her orgasm lasted a whole two minutes, bucking up and down on his eyes, nose, lips and tongue. He licked off every bit of her juice, relishing it.

"Now it's my turn to pleasure you" she said getting off the couch in a flash. "Look at that poor thing she said as she unbuckled his belt and pulled his jeans free. Then she took off his briefs and let his cock hit her in her face. Kneeling down by his dick, she caressed it and stroked it. "How big is it? She asked incredulously?"

"9 long thick inches" he answered proudly. "And all for your pleasure ma'am"

"9 inches of cock" she said happily taking it in her palm and kissing it. "I think I'm going to get intoxicated by this lovely thing.

She wrapped her hand around the base of his cock marvelling at the fact that it was so thick that her hand could not even go around it. The she licked the sides slowly then building up a frantic licking and sucking pace all around the sides of the giant cock in her hand. "aaaaahhhhh that's it you horny little bitch, suck me" he said catching her roughly by her hair and shoving his cock down her throat. 

She gagged at first then slowly adjusted herself to his cock, sucking and nibbling and then sucking again. She kept on and on devouring him hungrily until he wasn't able to hold on any longer. "Fuck I'm cumming" he said and shot his load into her waiting mouth.

"I'm gonna blow all over your face and tits my pretty little horny slut" he said and shot his second load all over her face and tits milking his cock dry as he did.

Then he collapsed over her hugging her to him as he did.

"I think I'm gonna fall in love with you" he said grinning.

She smiled at him contently wiping off all his cum from her tits and sucking her fingers dry. "Yummm" she said. "Delicious"

"You are so sexy" he said laughing. Get ready for the next bout.

"I already am" she said smiling. "Aching to get your monster into my tiny little hole" she said.

"I gladly will, you little fuck doll" he said lust coming over his face again watching her fingering her pussy.

She reached out and started sucking him again making him rock hard like before.

"Now in my cunt Chris" she commanded

He grabbed her by her waist and made her bend over on her knees. Then he started rubbing his huge cock on her slit making her tremble with anticipation.

She pushed backward as he rubbed her slit trying to envelop his cock.

"Wait you bitch" he said roughly. "You'll get it soon enough"

All the dirty talking was making her super horny. Her pussy cream was oozing out and dripping onto the bed. Rubbing the monster on her clit now she was almost crying with desire.

"Please" she begged "please"

Slowly he pushed an inch inside her trembling cunt and then another and slowly another as she violently bucked against the intense pleasure. He was stretching her pussy so much it was hurting her and at the same time pleasuring her deeply. When he got the full 9 inches in her, she came trembling and dripping juice all over his cock.

"Fuck, fuck" she cried "I just came again"

"And you're gonna cum some more" he said pumping his cock in her pussy.

"So tight and wet"

"I love your hole Katie"

He built up pace as he kept pumping her doggy style fucking her pussy harder and reaching forward to squeeze her nipples all the time. Then he violently turned her over and pushed in from the front. With her lying below him both her legs in his hands in the air, he kept fucking her and fucking her till she came again and again. Leaving her legs he grabbed both her tits and squeezed one while he sucked the other. Still his cock kept up its merciless assault on her pussy. He drove her little hole in and out tearing it apart with his big hot cock knowing every minute that she loved every bit of it. "I'm gonna cum Katie" He whispered hoarsely. "Where do you want it my horny baby?"

"In my pussy" she screamed. "Give it to me in my pussy Chris, all of it".

"Ahhhhhhhhh" he screamed releasing jet after jet of warm creamy cum in Katie's pussy. The last few drop he milked across her slit making it glisten with cum.

"Mmmmmm" he said. "Do you think Ethan had this much fun?" he asked her

"No way" she said laughing "he doesn't have a cock half as big as yours honey"

"Ready for round three" he asked grinning

"Only if you promise to give it to me in the ass" she said wickedly dipping her fingers in her pussy and sucking his cum from her fingers.

"Delicious" was all she said. "Now I know what to do when I'm bored in the office"

Chris smiled at her. "Do you think you would like to get gang fucked Katie?"

"Gang Fucked" she said.

"Yes, there are 2 of my friends in my office and trust me they have cocks as big as mine. How would you like us all three to pleasure your horny lovely cunt?'

"Oh Chris. Yeah baby one in my ass, one in my pussy and one in my mouth. I love it" she smiled 

"Can we do it now?" she asked

"Yeah c'mon babe. Lets get your pussy gang fucked" he said pulling her up and taking her out of her office.

To be continued...