 Katie gets a pussy full: Chapter II: 

For those of you who haven’t read the first chapter of “Katie gets a pussy full” there’s a brief outline below

Chris looked at Katie’s face. It was flushed from the fucking he had just given her. They were partners in the same AD Agency and Christian had been wanting to bang little spoilt rich bitch Kate from the time her had first set eyes on her. She always wore the most expensive clothes and was so prim and proper that it frustrated him. All he wanted to do was get between her legs and pump her hard and fast and make her beg for him, she who thought she was too good for anyone other than her asshole boyfriend Ethan.

Chris was horny by nature all the time and I mean all the time. The man could keep going for hours and more and plus he was hung like a horse. As a result of his ever raised cock that needed instant satisfying Chris had set up Hidden cams in all the prime locations of his studio. The ladies dressing room, the loo, the studio, and of course Kate’s office. Many times he had watched Kate bring herself off using her many toys which she kept well hidden in her desk. He knew she had particularly sensitive nipples cause he had seen Ethan bang her in that very same office and squeeze her tits till she came. And she always came more when he squeezed or sucked on her nipples. he also knew she got off on dirty language. 

This day had been his lucky day. Kate had come back from a business trip and caught Ethan screwing Deanna one of the very hot models who he had been photographing that afternoon. As a result Katie had come to her office very upset and devastated. Christian had of course made use of the situation and fucked Kate to his hearts content. Now she was still hot and horny and ready to go. So he persuaded her to join him and his 2 friends (who had been watching them fuck all along, through the cam in Katie’s office) for the gang fuck of a life time. 

Katie couldn’t wait……….

“Oh Chris” she said “this is so wrong and against my principles that I love it” She had just stepped out of the shower in her office and was watching Chris stroke his cock slowly. Her body was lovely. The water had made her long auburn curls cling to her skin seductively. Her tits were a big 36c, with big dark pink aureoles that stretched 3 inches across her tits. Her nipples were large and still rigid from the sucking they had received. When they were erect they stood out to a full 1-inch. Her waist was slim and her ass was just perfect. Two firm tight fleshy globes of fair meat that moved seductively as she walked. But the thing that Chris loved the most about her was her lovely clean-shaven cunt. It was perfect. Smooth and soft and it smelt of fruits from the bath gel she had just used. Even her big clit stood out proudly from the folds of her cunt like a delectable little peach. He loved licking and sucking that.

She sensually crossed moving her long never-ending legs to breach the distance between them. 

“Not now Chris” He told himself. “Save her for the gang bang”

“So are you ready to fuck 3 men Kate?” he asked he still stroking his cock

“I was wondering why we were waiting” she said with a grin on her face.

Fuck she was hot he thought to himself. He got up and swept her up in his arms and carried her out of her office. 

“You are one horny bitch Kate” he told her. “And my buddies are gonna love fucking you”

He walked into his office, the two of them stark naked. He then proceeded to carry her into a room behind the bar that he had in his office. She had never noticed this one before. After entering a secret code into the security system on the door panel the wooden panels split into two and she was taken into a room that was filled with TV’s and controls and stuff. Two very attractive guys were watching her and Chris fuck on the large screen. She was sucking his cock as his fingers were pinching her nipples.

“Welcome to my secret abode Katie” He said. “I have hidden cams in all rooms and I have been watching you all the time” he grinned at her.

She looked shocked and she made a mental note to ask him about it later. The two men who were sitting on the king size bed came over to her and greeted her.

“Hi” the tall blonde said in a deep husky voice that made her tummy and pussy tingle. “I am Kevin, and I think you are so hot”

“Forgive my bad manners” said Chris coming to them. “Guys this is the lovely Kate you had just seen me bang”

Katie felt warm liquid seep into her pussy when Chris used her like a common whore. She loved it.

“And Katie, this is Kevin and this is Devon”.

Both men shook hands with her warmly. Devon was a stunner. He stood six feet 3” and had the lithe body of an athlete. His tight brown curls clung to his head and made him look like cupid. He seemed more adventurous of the two as he came forward and cupped Kate’s left tit in his hand. 

“Wow, lovely and heavy” he commented. “Check out her nipples, they are fucking huge”

Katie couldn’t hold back any longer. She took off Devon’s shirt and unbuckled his jeans and ripped them off too. Kevin wasted no time in doing the same to himself. Meanwhile Chris had gone off to shower and left the three to get aquainted. Devon threw back his head and moaned as Kate’s hands roughly ripped his underwear off.

“Wow” she said “You are even bigger than Chris”

“You like big cock baby?” he asked her. “well, you’re gonna love my ten inches of steel then”

His cock wasn’t as thick as Chris’ but it was thick enough to satisfy any woman. She turned around and caught Kevin by his cock and pulled him towards her. He too was big but not as big as the other two. But he was wonderfully hard, like a diamond.

Now she had two rock solid cocks in her face as she squatted and inspected them. 

“Oh fuck” she said “I’m gonna enjoy you both” There was a little fear in her eyes at the thought of being ripped apart by three huge dicks in all her holes but It also thrilled her immensely.

“No, we are gonna enjoy you baby” said Kevin leading her onto the bed and pushing her onto her back lightly. “Close your eyes” he said in his deep sexy baritone, “and enjoy us”

With that they both started. Kevin was kissing her lips softly, licking her lips and not quite fully entering her mouth, while Devon’s fingers found one of her hard nipples and was tweaking them between his forefinger and thumb. He pulled and twisted her nipple roughly causing her to arch her back off the bed in sweet agony. Kevin deepened his kiss exploring her tongue with his as his right hand played with her other free nipple squeezing it and pulling it. Both men knew she loved it and they started doing the same thing. Her pussy was dripping juices now. She was very aroused and her thick white cream was glistening like snow on her swollen clit beckoning them to suck it off. But both of them teased her tits still. Devon reached down and started sucking her nipples. He first kissed the sides of her tit and then bit them gently. Then he laced the tip of his tongue all over the dark aureoles as Kevin still roughly pinched the other nipple while he kissed her roughly. Kate was gasping for breath between Kevin’s kisses and Devon’s tongue at her tit. She arched her back trying to force him to take her nipple in his mouth fully.

“Wait you bitch. He will suck your tits at his own pace” said Kevin squeezing her nipple roughly as punishment. She loved it and arched even more as Devon finally took her teat in his mouth and sucked noisily and hungrily. He bit her and sucked as she bucked her tit in her mouth thrashing her legs together. 

“I’m gonna cum” she cried clenching and unclenching her thigh muscles as both men kept up their assault on her tits. 

“Ahhhhhhhhh fuuccccck” she screamed as Kevin squeezed intensely and Devon sucked harder on her tits bruising them badly. She came all her juice oozing out of her pussy. Her body shook violently as Kevin thrust his cock in her mouth and started fucking her mouth.

“Eat me you horny slut” he said “Show me how much you love cock”

Katie didn’t waste anytime as she took the smooth velvetty head in her mouth as reached for Devon’s cock in with her hands. She was squatting on the bed now with both men on their knees and their cocks in her face. She licked Kevin’s shaft as she pushed the foreskin off Devon’s cock with her hand. Quickly and hungrily she took the whole length of Kevin’s hard prick in her mouth and formed a tight seal around the head of his prick with her lips. She sucked him off as he moaned and guided her head to his cock. Her hand left Devon’s cock momentarily as she dipped it in her pussy coating her hand with her cream. Them she proceeded to jack off Devon keeping the same tempo with her mouth on Kevin’s cock.

“Get on you knees slut” she heard Chris’ voice behind her. She tried to turn around but Kevin forced her back to his cock.

“Suck me you fucking cunt” he said. Kate’s pussy was dripping now. She loved them using her like a prostitute. Obediently she got on her knees as Chris pulled her by her waist to a doggy style position. She was now kneeling with her ass high in the air and her mouth clamped on Kevin’s cock and her hand furiously beating Devon’s meat.

She felt Chris run his tongue down the crack of her ass and she trembled in anticipation. He spread her butt cheeks and groaned with pleasure at the sight of the tight little pink asshole in front of him.

“Fuck guys this is the tiniest asshole I have ever seen” he said “And I’m gonna love puncturing it with my cock”

He pushed his tongue into the folds of her asshole making her whole body shake. He licked it and pushed his tongue into it. Then he got up and pushed his finger into her pussy and trailed it all the way to her asshole. Slowly he inserted the well-lubricated middle finger into her ass. She tried to move away but was held down by Kevin and Devon. 

“Fuck her ass Chris” “Rip that tiny hole, this slut wants it” said Devon

Kate had shifted cocks now. Devon’s was in her mouth and Kevin was in her hand. Chris rubbed his cock along her pussy slit coating it with her cream as Devon pumped her mouth. Then he took it to her ass and slowly inserted the tip in. Kate let go of both cocks and screamed in pain. The tiny pink hole gave way as the smooth head went into her asshole, then another inch, then another and soon the full 9 inches was buried in her little asshole. The tiny hole was stretched so wide and Kate was screaming in agony. Slowly Chris started to pump her ass pushing in and out of the hole then building up tempo. Kate was starting to enjoy it now and loved hearing the sound of Chris’ Stomach slapping her ass as he banged her from behind. She continued her assault on Kevin’s cock, sucking it and nibbling on it till she felt that familiar tremor in his prick and he shot load after load of cum into her throat. Hungrily she lapped up and swallowed every drop of cum as Chris still pumped her ass.

Chris pulled out of her ass with a loud popping sound and turned her around onto her back. He started sucking and squeezing both her tits, as Devon started to lick the crack of her pussy. His tongue slid along her slit not touching her clit at all.

“That’s it baby” she screamed “lick my pussy please” she begged

Devon started to poke into her pussy and stab her hole with his tongue. Kevin adjusted his head next to Devon near her pussy and with the tip of his tongue flicked her clit, while Chris sucked her tits and Devon fucked her hole with his tongue. 

She cried out violently as all three men assaulted her body. “I’m gonna cum you fuckers, please don’t stop you bastards” she cried

Kevin started to lick and suck her clit foriously while Devon poked in and out tongue fucking her, and Chris pinched and squeezed her tits. 

“Motherfuckersssssss” she screamed “ahhhhhhhh fucccccck, fucccccck, fuccccckkkkk, I’m fucking cumming” she yelled and came her pussy juices flooding Kevin and Devon’s mouths as Chris moved down to lick up his share too. The sight of three heads taking turns licking her cum drenched pussy was too much for her. 

“Come fuck me now” she said, fever in her eyes. “I want all three of you in every hole now”

The thought of three big monster cocks in every orifice was too much for her to bear. She had to have it now. She pushed Devon on the bed and jumped on top of him straddling his cock and guiding it into her pussy. He thrust into her violently stretching her pussy as Kevin came from behind and started tonguing her asshole lubricating it well. Then he shoved his cock into her ass, which was now well stretched by Chris’ cock. Both men sandwich fucked her as they found a tempo between themselves. Chris pushed his cock in her mouth.

“Suck me off bitch” he said. “Do you like it?” he asked her “One cock up your cunt another in your tight little ass and another in your mouth?”

“mmmmmm” she said amidst sucking his cock

“The slut loves it guys, fuck her brains out” he told Devon and Kevin as all three of them started fucking her harder.

“This bitch had a furnace for a cunt” said Devon in between breaths. “She’s holding my prick so tight I can’t hold off any longer”

“Her ass is also fucking hot” said Kevin fucking faster.

Kate’s tits were being bruised against Devon’s chest as Kevin pushed her onto Devon fucking her from behind. Their bodies were sweating and making slapping sounds against each other as they fucked.

“I’m gonna cum” Kate screamed and her body convulsed into spasms shaking violently as she felt the two cocks pound into her only separated by the thin membrane between her ass and her cunt. Both the cocks were rubbing each other. Her mouth deep throated Chris as her orgasm lasted wave after wave of intense pleasure.

“She’s milking my cock” screamed Devon “This bitch is hot, her cunt muscles are clenching and unclenching my prick, I cannnn’ttt” he cried

He shot his spunk into her pussy. Devon’s thick hot white cum burned her pussy sending her spiraling into another orgasm as Chris shot his load on her face and in her mouth. Kevin took two seconds after the other two and jets of spunk shot into her ass.

All three of them lay exhausted on the bed with Kate nestled between Devon and Kevin both their cocks buried in her cunt and her ass. She still held Chris’ cock in her hands.

When they pulled out of her she sealed her legs tight. 

“I wanna keep all this spunk in me” she said sexily

“I’m gonna go home now and fuck my unfaithful boyfriend and show him that I have been fucked too. I want him to taste all your cum in my holes”. “You boys have been the best” she said. “Hope we can do this again soon”

“Thank you Chris” she said.

“You are one heck of a horny slut Kate” he said “And I love you”

To be continued………………..

Watch out for part 3 of “Katie gets a pussy full” where Katie goes home and fucks the shit out of her unfaithful boyfriend. Coming Soon………..

I’m already wet guys and I need to go fuck now. I’ll be seeing you all soon. Ta ta….

chocolate_ice (Sharon)