 If you haven't read Chapter 1 then you might wish to read it before continuing. It's just a suggestion. If you're more into the erotica, you didn't miss much, however if you crave more background of the characters you may wish to check it out. 

So here I was sitting poolside watching the two young French girls frolicking in the pool. Both Sophie and her friend were dressed in skin-tight one piece bathing suits and their nubile young bodies were making it very difficult for me to keep my attention on my book. 

Every so often they would glance in my direction and giggle. This made me think that Sophie had informed her friend of the incident in the hallway that morning.

The book I was reading, "The Hite Report on Male Sexuality", was getting fairly interesting as it was starting to talk about the penis. And as that was my favorite part of my own anatomy, I had not looked up at the girls for a while. When I did, I noticed that they had completed their swim and had vanished from my sight.

Just then, Christine appeared from the pool house fresh from the shower with a towel wrapped around her. She was holding her suit in her hand and I realized that this meant she was naked under the towel. It was a large towel but wrapped around her as it was, it barely covered as much as the bathing suit had previously. Instead of immediately heading back to the house, she walked over to me and planted herself face down on the pool chair beside mine. This caused her towel to ride up and revealed her bare bottom.

As I mentioned before, Christine was very slim and practically flat-chested. Her ass however, was the most lusciously and perfectly formed of any butt I've ever seen. I couldn't help but stare and Christine was very aware of my gaze. I could tell that she knew well the power her ass had over the male libido.

She asked me what I was reading and it was immediately clear that she had a better grasp of the English language than did Sophie. I told her the title of the book and at her prompting explained a little about the contents.

"So what part are you reading now?" she asked.

"This section is all about the penis."

"Oh, this is my favorite!" she exclaimed.

At this point, Sophie exited the pool house and joined us, sitting down on the chair beside her friend and unfortunately obscuring my view of Christine's ass. Sophie was also wrapped in a towel, but was covered up much more modestly than Christine. There was a brief exchange of French between the two of them, which resulted in another beet-red blush from Sophie.

"So what does this book say of the penis?" Christine enquired of me.

I told her of how it talked about the male erogenous zones and how most men preferred to be stimulated. She seemed quite interested and as she listened she turned on her side. This caused her towel to ride up further and fall forward off her hip. I mentally cursed that Sophie was blocking my view of Christine's pussy and tried to catch a glimpse of it around the curve of Sophie's hips. Even though I was trying not to be obvious about it, it was easily apparent from the smiles of the two young girls that I was not succeeding.

Frustrated, I went back to the book, reading to them about how the small flap of skin on the underside and immediately below the head of the penis was particularly sensitive in a lot of males when Christine cut me off.

"I do not understand," she said. "Per'aps you can show us?"

"I don't... " I began.

"It is not fair that Sophie gets to see and I don't." she interrupted. "You 'ave been trying to see what I am like down there... so maybe we should see you."

"To show the book part," Sophie added and then blushed again.

At this point I decided 'What-the-fuck' and countered. "If I take off my suit then the two of you have to take off your towels."

Christine whipped off her towel before I had even finished my sentence. As I had previously noticed, she was completely flat-chested. Her breasts were small round mounds with tiny areolas, atop which rested two large fat erect nipples. As I have always been a bit of a nipple man, I was immediately entranced by the sight of them.

Sophie hesitated a moment before getting to her feet to remove her towel. As she stood up I got my first look at Christine's pussy and it was a perfect match for her lovely ass. She had shaved most of the hair off leaving only a brief vee of hair above the pussy itself. I found it amusing that she had shaved her pussy almost bare and yet she didn't bother to shave her armpits. I smiled.

My attention was torn from Christine's lovely crotch by Sophie grabbing me and pulling me to my feet.

At this point I was getting a bit nervous. I could see where this line of activity was leading us and I wasn't sure whether or not we should go there. I had echoes of my mother's voice saying, "Mustn't fuck the help... mustn't fuck the help..." over and over in my head. I even had a brief flash of my father in a closet with his cock buried in a hotel maid. It was enough to cause my semi-erect cock to wilt.

I shook it all off and while Sophie nervously unwound her towel, I took a deep breath and pulled my damp suit down and kicked it off.

Christine's eyes immediately dropped to my cock and she exclaimed, "Oh, I did not know you were Jewish!"

As I sat back down on the chair, Sophie finished her removal of the towel and sat down on my deck chair beside my legs. Thus giving me an unobstructed view of both naked young girls. I had just taken in the sight of Sophie's beautiful breasts which were larger than they had seemed in her suit and had an almost imperceptible sag to them that made them incredibly sexy, when the import of Christine's comment sank in.

"I'm not Jewish," I replied.

"But you 'ave no... no... " she mimed a long cock with both her hands and then cupped her hand on top indicating a foreskin.

"Foreskin." I supplied.

"Oui, foreskin," she repeated.

At this point I explained that many gentile men of my age had had our foreskin removed just after birth due to the belief by some doctors (since been proved wrong) that it was healthier in the long run to have it removed. As I was trying to make myself understood, I was again struck by the humor of the situation. Here I was completely naked, sitting with two beautiful naked women who were staring at my prick and the topic of conversation was my lack of foreskin.

"I 'ave never 'ad love from a man wit-hout a foreskin." Christine said.

I was about to follow up that statement with an offer when Sophie asked, "Does it feel different without it?"

"I don't know, as I was less than an hour old when it was removed." I replied starting to laugh. 

Christine joined in my laughter and when the full import of the question sank into Sophie's mind she started laughing as well. For the next few seconds we were all laughing like maniacs and when it finally died down, we all found ourselves much more comfortable in our nudity.

"So now... where is this flappp?" Christine brought us back to the topic at hand (so to speak). She leaned across the gap between the two chairs and brought her face close to my cock. I reached down and lifted it, pushing it up against my belly.

"Right there." I pointed to the area.

She reached out and rubbed the flap gently with her finger. 

"This?" she asked.

"Yes." Her finger touching my cock so lightly was causing some inflation to occur.

Sophie ducked her head down for a closer look and due to her wet frizzy hair, I lost sight of what was happening down there. I pulled my hand away from my cock to shift to a more comfortable position and it was quickly replaced by someone else's. 

The girls started to talk back and forth in French and another hand joined the first on my cock, which in response to all the attention it was getting was on its way to a full-force erection. One of the girls started stroking it and it wasn't long before I was fully hard.

"So thees stimulation can be different kind, no?" Christine asked and before I could answer I felt her tongue licking the underside of my cock. I was almost out of my mind. Not just with the sensations rushing from my cock but from the sheer mind-boggling idea that two young beautiful women were amusing themselves while playing with it.

Although I couldn't see much of what was happening at my crotch, I still had plenty to look at. Christine had moved over from her chair to mine and her amazing ass was right in front of me. At the same time Sophie had risen to her hands and knees and had straddled one of my legs. I could see her tits hanging down as she bent over. Her nipples were stiff and surrounded by dark-pebbled areolas. She settled down with her pussy against my calf muscle. I couldn't reach her tits so I rested my left hand on the cushion beside me and placed my right hand on Christine's ass.

More French flowed between the two of them and Christine raised her head to look at me just as Sophie bent her head down and took the other girl's place, lightly flicking the small flap with her tongue.

"Is her first cock," Christine whispered to me as if to avoid disturbing what Sophie was doing.

What she lacked in experience, Sophie was more than making up for in enthusiasm. She started to lick my cock with abandon, running her tongue up and down the underside as I started caressing Christine's ass. Christine shifted slightly allowing me access to her pussy. I brushed my hand over her butt and slipped it down between her legs and along her cunt lips. She sighed and turned over dislodging my hand, but when she had settled in her new position facing me she pulled my hand over and placed it back between her legs.

With Christine's new position I now had the perfect view of Sophie as her tongue bathed my hard cock. I also had a complete view of Christine's naked body with her legs spread and my fingers rubbing up and down her wet pussy. She leaned towards me. I wrapped my left arm around her and pulled her face to mine. I crushed her beautiful lips with mine and slipped my tongue into her mouth. She responded with her own tongue.

With my eyes closed, I reveled in the sensations. I briefly isolated each pleasurable feeling. The wet slipperiness of Sophie's cunt rubbing against my calf, the tingle running through my thighs as her hard nipples brushed against my thighs and the rush caused by her hand and tongue on my aching cock. To these sensations I added the feel of Christine's soft lips on mine, her hard nipples pressing against my bare chest and the amazing feel of her juicy cunt as I ran my fingers over her clit and down through her wet pussy lips to briefly tease her cunt opening before sliding further to press ever so gently at her puckered anus.

Sophie's tongue was working its magic on my not-so-Little Willy and her hands were stroking the base of my cock and my balls. I could feel the pressure beginning to build in my balls and I quickly pulled away from Christine.

"We should stop now," I said to her, "I'm too close."

"Oh, you are to... squirt?" she asked.

"Cum," I corrected, "Yes, I'm going to cum."

"We must see it... no?" she turned to Sophie and spoke rapidly.

Sophie stopped her efforts and sat back up. Christine turned around and once again my hand slipped from between her legs. The two girls bent back down and Sophie started stroking my cock again. I watched her hand sliding up and down my shaft with the two girls' faces so close to the throbbing head. The sensations were amazing!

"You don't want to be too close." 

The girls moved back from my aching cock ever so slightly as the waves of pleasure intensified.

"Oh... I'm gonna cum!" I warned as my hips bucked up off the cushion and the head of my cock spewed a large glob of cum into the air. Sophie continued to stroke as my cock rapidly jetted more large streams of cum. Some of it falling on the girls faces and hair but most of it landing on my stomach and chest.

"C'est magnifique!" Sophie exclaimed still pumping my cock as if to coax more fluid from my slowly softening member.

"It is wonderful, is it not?" Sophie asked Christine.

"C'est vrai." Christine agreed.

"We should clean up this mess." I said.

"But Sophie 'as not tasted the cum." Christine explained. She leaned over and wiped a small glob from Sophie's cheek and brought her hand to Sophie's mouth. Sophie looked at me and blushed. Then keeping her eyes on mine, she slowly opened her mouth and licked the cum from Christine's fingers.

"It is so... slippery," she struggled over the English word. She took her hand and gathered a glob from my stomach and raised it to Christine's lips. Christine grabbed her hand and sucked Sophie's fingers into her mouth. The two girls then proceeded to lick up all the cum from each other's hands and body and then all the residue from my stomach and chest.

Once they were finished, Christine turned to me with a mischievous glint in her eye and asked, "What else can we do from this book of yours?"

"I only just started the book yesterday so I don't know what else is in there." I explained. I continued to explain that I had read the previous book by the same author on female sexuality and how it talked about sex from the female point of view. I mentioned that it talked about fantasies from various women and I asked, "What fantasies do you have?"

Sophie was looking puzzled and Christine spoke briefly to her and her face beamed. Once again I was hit by her amazing smile. In the looks department Christine had Sophie beat hands down, but when Sophie smiled you felt like you were drowning in her beauty.

"I would like to 'ave a man do...," she stuck out her tongue and licked at the air, "to me down there," pointing at her pussy.

"I would like to offer my services to you, if you would like?" I asked.

She blushed, dropped her eyes from mine and nodded.

She looked so sweet and innocent with her eyes downcast. Yet at the same time she was incredibly sexy sitting back on her heels, her pert nipples erect and her legs slightly spread. I could feel my cock rousing itself again.

"First we should wash up a bit," I suggested, "perhaps a bit of a swim?" 

It would give me a chance to rinse the remains of my cum from my crotch and give the girls an opportunity to get the same out of their hair.

"Last one in's a rotten egg." I cried as I jumped up off the deck chair and ran for the pool. Both girls followed and soon the three of us were splashing about in the shallow end. 

"What is zis 'rotten egg'?" asked Christine and I explained to her about English figures of speech.

We splashed about some more and Christine used the excuse of horseplay to fondle my cock several times. I took up the challenge and goosed her back once or twice. At one point I grabbed one of her almost non-existent tits and caressed her large nipple with my fingers. She started and pushed me away.

"Please," she said, "I do not like zis."

I apologized and she smiled and told me it was alright. Just then Sophie swam up behind me and reached around and grabbed my cock. I turned, took her into my arms and kissed her on the lips. I pressed her closer and as my tongue found hers I felt her hard nipples press against my chest. Her hand started to stroke my cock and as it responded to her actions, I let her go.

"We should rinse off." I suggested.

She let go of me and followed as I led the way to the steps at the shallow end and we climbed out of the pool. The shower in the pool house was barely able to fit the three of us, but as we could hardly keep our hands off one another there was never even a suggestion of showering individually. Unlike Christine, Sophie loved having her breasts fondled and her nipples teased and I made the most of it as we rinsed the chlorine from our bodies. Both girls found opportunities to stroke my hardening cock and I took the advantage and explored the folds of their delightful pussies.

When we finished and had dried off, I walked back to the deck chairs but before I had reached them Sophie grabbed my hand.

"I am not ready for you to... to..." she stammered blushing red again. "We go to the 'ouse and get some drink first?"

"No problem." I said. I took her hand and walked over to the chairs. Once there I grabbed my and Sophie's suits and towels (I would've grabbed Christine's as well but she beat me to it) and still holding Sophie's right hand, the three of us walked up the path to the house. 

When we got to the patio I had a brief moment of hesitation when I caught sight of our reflection in the patio doors and realized that the three of us were still completely naked.

Ooops, digression time again. At this point in my life I had been an avowed nudist for many years. Since before puberty, as my father owns a cottage on a private island up in Canada and no one wears clothes there (on the island that is, not Canada). It was a bit of a shock to my first high-school girlfriend when she came up for the summer holidays, but she soon learned the basic difference between nude and naked. The difference, one I had learned at a very early age was that naked is a sexual thing, whereas nude is just the absence of clothing.

As we got to the house, I realized we were still naked as was immediately apparent by the boner I was sporting. I quickly shook off the hesitation as I knew that nobody was at home and wouldn't be until school let out later that afternoon.

We went inside and I offered to fix a drink for the girls. Both of them asked for a plain coke and I took three cans from the fridge. 

"How do you want to do this?" I asked Sophie as I passed the cans to the girls.

"Not now," she replied, "I am too... nervous."

Not wanting to push her into anything she didn't want to do, but on the other hand not prepared to stop the sexual playing, I suggested watching an adult film. I had bought some on tape a while back and figured that they might serve to relax Sophie.

"Qu'est-ce que c'est?" she asked.

"A pornographic film," I explained, "just like a regular film except there's people having sex in it."

"Oh, yes. Please show us zis film," Christine interjected.

I told Sophie to take Christine to the den and I'd find the films and meet them there. Then I ran upstairs and rummaged about my room trying to find them. I finally found two films; "The Opening of Misty Beethoven" and "The Erotic Adventures of Candy." I quickly grabbed them and hurried downstairs.

When I entered the den I found the two young girls sitting on the couch talking rapidly in French. Both of them were still naked and I was struck by the sexiness of their pose. They were sitting beside each other on the couch with their heads close to one another and their lack of clothes charged the atmosphere with an aura of sex. One of Sophie's tits was pressing into Christine's arm and both of the girls displayed erect nipples. I could feel my cock swelling in response.

I took the tapes over to the cabinet and I found to my dismay that my mother had replaced my Betamax machine with a brand-new VHS machine and I wouldn't be able to play the tapes for the girls.

Sophie noticed my frustration and quickly rose and opened a door off to the side of the cabinet. Inside was my old Beta machine. It took me very little time to haul it out and hook it up to the TV.

We settled back onto the couch, myself wedged between the two naked girls, and began to watch "The Erotic Adventures of Candy."

This was back in the days before there were video stores on every corner and so I had purchased these copies and they weren't in the best shape even then. But for our purposes they were fine.

I wrapped one arm around the shoulders of each girl and lowered my hands to cup a breast of each. Sophie seemed okay with this position, but Christine once again objected to my fondling of her tit.
