 "Hey there," the voice behind her said and she turned. "I'm David, hope you're settling in okay here at Fairmont High."

Katie turned and looked up to him, stunned. And confused. She had been here for four years. With him.

"Oh...Katie?"

"Yeah."

"Oh, ha. Um...you look...," his eyes raked over her again, "different. Um."

"Um," she replied as she watched the blush grow on his embarrassed face. David oh my God Palmer, embarrassed by her. 

"Um. Yeah, so I thought I would say hi to the new girl, but I guess..."

"Well, that's very nice of you, David."

"Okay, Katie, I...guess I'll see you around." He stepped back and looked her over again. "See you."

Katie shook her head as she watched him depart.  That was weird.  

That night, Katie studied herself in the mirror. Did she look different? She looked like she always had, light brown hair, medium chest, healthy curves, maybe more than healthy. Granted she hadn't seen him since last year, but she thought she looked pretty much the same. New hair style, kind of. She shrugged, baffled at the strange interaction with him. Handsome David Palmer, saying hi to her. She had liked him for years, but they didn't move in the same circles. She entertained the idea of being the new girl and having David show her around. Would be nice. She shrugged again and pushed that thought out of her head. Besides, she didn't have time for a boyfriend anyway. Maybe in college.

Senior year was hectic, rushing around, visiting colleges, running the newspaper, keeping the grades up. David was doing great in football. When she got her acceptance at her dream school, it felt like a weight had been lifted off of her shoulders. Packing up after AP History, Adam came over.

"Hey," he grinned, running his eyes over her, "Great job on that answer. Looking good!" He gave her a wink and left her staring at his back as he left.

Katie stared at his back in confusion.  Looking good?  Was that supposed to be a pick up line? Adam was F-I-N-E fine, tall, black hair, and broad shoulders. Why did he complement her out of the blue like that? That night, Katie studied herself in the mirror again. She had never considered herself ugly, but also had never thought she was particularly pretty. Looking good?

One Friday, Adam slipped her a note asking her to meet him at the weight room after school. He had been friendly over the past few weeks, and Katie took a moment to freshen up and spray on some perfume, wondering what was going on. She had obviously never been to the weight room, as it was strictly reserved for the athletes. Maybe he had a hot tip for the newspaper. She walked down the deserted back hallways to the room, checking herself one last time in a mirror. Finding the door closed, she took a calming breath and knocked lightly on it. A moment later David opened the door.

"Hey, Katie, glad you could make it," he said as he ushered her in.

"Oh, hey, yeah, I mean...," she smiled, catching sight of Adam in the back room, adjusting a weight bench. She gave him a little wave

"Here, let me help you with that," David continued seamlessly, taking off her backpack and hanging it on the wall.

Katie took a moment to look around, the smell of stale sweat permeating the room. Music played in the back room where Adam was. Weights and equipment were stacked along the walls, benches and racks strategically placed. It was like being in a temple of masculinity and she felt a little out of place.

"I've never been in here...," she started.

"Yeah, well, you know we kinda keep it private for just our little group. We try to keep it up also," he smiled as he motioned her to the display case. 

She smiled and nodded in feigned interest as he spoke about some of the trophies in the case, her eyes catching Adam's as he nodded at her, still working with the bench. David led her over to him.

"Hey Katie, welcome to our fun house."

"Thanks, so what's up?"

"Desire."

She paused and stared at him for a moment, his face expressionless. She glanced at David, hoping for a clue and finally his eyes flicked up. She looked at the ceiling, and their in big letters over the bench was the word 'DESIRE'. The guys chuckled and she grinned with them.

"Yeah, I wanted to put up something more like, 'feel the burn, maggot', but..."

"Bro here couldn't figure how to spell 'maggot'."

"Ah. Well," she started. "So, is that what you wanted to show me?"

"No, you asked what was up. So now you know our little inside joke."

"Cute. So why did you ask me to come here, Adam?" she asked, starting to wonder what was going on.

"Why not?" he grinned.

"What guy wouldn't want to spend a little time in the company of cutie?" David added, a sparkle in his blue eyes. Katie couldn't help but blush a little at the compliment. 

"So, I heard you got into Boston University?"

"Yeah, looking forward too it. Got a sweet scholarship too."

"Brains, looks, personality, you got it all."

"Thanks. So I heard you got to...," she trailed off, not actually sure where he was going.

"Football scholarship to Syracuse."

"Nice. And...," she smiled, turning her head to look at Adam. Standing between the two big guys, she felt small as she looked up at them.

"Fordham offered, but I'm still...," he started, but then his head popped up. "Oh, hey, this is my groove, yo!"

Adam started to dance, moving closer to her. He rotated to right in front of her, fists up over her head as he swiveled his body. Katie choked off a giggle and glanced at David. Feeling awkward for Adam, she started to move a little with him, but then he moved even closer. She loved to dance, but here and in this situation was just...odd.

"Yeah, baby, that's it, get into it."

"So glad you're here," David said from the side, "I hate it when he does that to me."

Katie gave a little laugh and looked up into Adam's face. She continued to dance for a few seconds before stopping. "Okay, that's enough," she grinned, stopping and putting a hand to Adam's chest. Adam didn't stop at all, still grooving, now pushing his chest against her hand.  My God he is solid  she thought. 

"See, my man," David said, "I told you your dancing ain't no good, not even for a dork like you."

"No, stop it," Katie grinned, glancing at David. "You're not a dork," she said to Adam, running her eyes down is still moving body. 

"Here man, let me show you," David said and pushed Adam away. Before Katie could react, he had her in an embrace, his hands on her hips, smiling down at her as started to rock side to side. With his hands guiding her hips, she couldn't help but move with him. She looked up into his blue eyes and for a moment had difficulty believing she was actually slow dancing with David freaking Palmer. Her heart fluttered. Her hands had been caught between them, so she pushed them up and settled on his shoulders. 

"See," he grinned softly to her, "This is how you dance with a lady. Hold her gently, rock back and forth with her. Tell her how beautiful she is. You're beautiful, Katie."

The blush came back with a vengeance. The song ended and she pushed back a little. "Okay, um, I think...," she started.

"See man? That's how you do it," David said as he let her go and backed up. "You try."

Adam stepped forward and took David's place. He smiled softly at her as his hands settled on her hips. 

"Like this? Is this better?" he asked her.

At a loss for words, she finally just nodded with a small smile. Her hands settled on his shoulders, once again noticing how solid he was. She lost track of herself for a moment, falling into his brown eyes, rocking quietly in his arms. His head tilted down ever so slowly and she instinctively leaned back to accept his kiss. Instead, his lips found her temple and gently kissed the side of her head. Her stomach flipped, her body starting to warm. Suddenly she didn't want their dance to ever end. She stared up at him, mesmerized by his face, and smiled again. 

She jumped as David came up behind her and placed his hands on her hips and started to dance with them. She glanced over her should at him, shocked at being sandwiched between two guys. He leaned forward and gently kissed the side of her head.

"Hey, you always smell this good?" he asked quietly as he inhaled. 

She nodded with a smile and reached back to hold his bicep for a moment. Adam moved forward and inhaled her scent. His hand slipped up under her shirt to caress her waist and she turned back to him, her skin tingling. Her hand fell to his forearm as if to pry it off, but instead she paused. Something brushed her bottom and she wondered if their reason for inviting her over wasn't on the up and up. The thought seemed too enormous to comprehend. Adam leaned forward to kiss her temple again, only this time on the skin. She opened her eyes again just in time to feel David kiss her neck. She quivered and melted into him for a moment. The guys moved closer and this time the was no denying they were getting hard. The pit in her stomach became bottomless. Hands were now under her shirt on both sides, stroking her back and sides. The room felt way too hot. David murmured sweet nothings into her ear. In a moment of clarity, she gathered herself.

"Okay, guys, stop," she protested weakly, squirming between them. 

"Hey baby, it's okay," David whispered in her ear, still holding her between them. "You're completely safe."

"Katie, you're in complete control," Adam purred into her other ear, a hand stroking her hair. "You're actually safer with two guys, did you know that? Cause I won't let David do anything to you, and he won't let me do anything to you."

"Yeah, baby, that's the truth. You're my friend, I'll make sure Adam doesn't get out of control."

"Thanks, guys, but...," she struggled against them again, feeling a bulge pressing into her bottom. .

"Here, let's prove it to you," David said and stepped away. "Let Adam make out with you and then tell him to stop."

 That really isn't what I had in mind  she thought as David left and Adam continued to stroke the skin of her back. His forehead bumped her and then his lips slid to her neck and kissed her there. Katie squeaked in response, a tremor running through her body. The heat emanating from his body seemed to envelop her. He dragged his tongue along her neck and she shuddered in pleasure. His hand drifted down to squeeze her butt and she rocked into him, distinctly feeling his cock against her belly. He leaned in and suddenly his lips were on hers. They kissed for a few seconds and then his lips parted, enticing her mouth to open, and his tongue slipped into her mouth. They kissed for awhile and then she grabbed hold of herself and struggled.

"Okay, stop," she moaned, pushing weakly on his chest, but he didn't move and instead licked her neck again.

"Hey, man get off of her. Com'on," David said as he pushed Adam away, "She said stop." Adam let her go and backed up.

"See Katie, just like that. You say stop, David stopped me. You're in complete control." Katie looked at him, slightly dazed and breathless, but happy that they listened to her. His next words were unexpected. "Now practice with David."

Katie barely had time to turn her head before David wrapped her up in a hug, only this time one of his hands went directly to her ass. 

"Hey! Um...like...," she protested

"Hush, we're just showing you how in control you are. Let David make out with you for a moment."

"I..." she started but her complaint was cut off by his lips pressing against her.

Katie's eyes slammed shut and she slumped as he kissed her, softly at first, his hand still firmly squeezing her butt. The fires in her belly intensified and she started to relax. His lips parted and his tongue ventured out. She accepted him into her mouth, her second kiss in mere moments. His other hand stroked the skin on her back and she melted into him, grinding her hips against his cock. The song finally changed, snapping her out of her moment. She pulled back and broke their kiss. 

"Okay, stop," she whispered to him.

Adam moved in immediately and pushed him off, causing her to stagger as her support left. Adam simply caught her and took David's place.

"See baby, you're in complete control. We'll both take care of you," he smiled, and before she could think his lips captured hers again.

Katie's eyes closed as she accepted his kiss, squirming against his hard body and his hardening cock.  Is this really happening?  she wondered. David moved behind her and began lifting her shirt. With her hands raised to Adam's shoulders she was already in position to have it removed. As she wondered for a moment if she should stop them, her top cleared her head. Adam only broke their kiss to allow the shirt to clear, and then resumed immediately.  I'm making out with Adam! And David! Oh my God!  Hands explored the newly exposed skin on her back. 

"Let me have some of that," David growled from behind.

David took her chin in his hand and turned her back to kiss her. A hand found her breast and cupped her through her bra. She moaned into David's mouth as a finger began circling her hardening nipple. Adam was now kissing her exposed neck. A hand slid down the front of her tummy and swiftly undid the button and pulled down the zipper of her jeans. 

"Oh! Guys..." she started, but was cut off by Adam recapturing her mouth in a kiss. 

Katie's head was swimming, caught up in the rush of emotions that had been suppressed for far too long. Why had she never had a boyfriend? This was so...amazing! But so wrong, she had to stop them. But why? She tried to push one boy's hand away, only to have another replace it. The tension in her bra released as a hand slid down under her jeans. The air left her as her most sensitive spot was stroked. Through a haze she realized her bra was being taken off. The recognition jolted her.

"Guys, stop, I...," she managed to get out.

"Am I hurting you, baby?" David whispered into her ear.

Before another thought could cross her mind, both her nipples were being tweaked as another hand rubbed her clit.

"No, but...guys, oh my God, please..."

"Please what, baby? That feel good? Katie, you're so beautiful."

She squirmed again, her body on fire, bringing her thighs together. The net effect was simply to cause her jeans to fall to her knees. Another hand slipped down under her panties to cup her ass. David pulled her back by her breasts and kissed her again, her jeans continuing to fall to her ankles. Adam stepped back and removed his hands from her pussy. Her dazed eyes drifted to his as he stared at her bare breasts with raw lust. He practically ripped off his shirt, exposing his muscular torso and flexed at her. Bringing the fingers he had used on her to his mouth, he made of show of licking them and then pushing them into her mouth. He pulled her to him, her bare breasts flattening against his burning chest.

"Fuck, Katie, you have a fine ass," David growled from behind her, taking a firm grip of her bottom. "Why you wear such baggy pants all the time?"

Things were happening too fast for her. Her mind battled with her body as two of the hottest guys in the school played with her body. David had removed his shirt also and pulled her back against his chest as his hands cupped her breasts.  This is so wrong  she thought to herself even as she debated allowing them to continue. Adam's hand slipped under her panties and groped her as he licked her neck, craned back as she kissed David. She tried to push away, but stuck between the two hulking guys and with a tongue in her mouth, she was easily overcome. Besides, it felt so good. She felt her panties slip to her hip and struggled anew, her sense of decorum finally winning out.

"Guys...oh God...stop...I...oh...stop..."

Adam stepped back and a moment later David did also, her skin chilled by their sudden departure. She stumbled out from between, her ankles still trapped in her jeans, holding her hand out to keep them back. Their panting filling the room. They were so...big, and they had her cornered. She tugged her panties back into place, her respectable mind battling the crying needs of her body. She knew she had to make them an offer to get out.

"I...I'll suck your dicks..."

"Oh yeah, that sounds nice."

"No, I mean, I don't want to have sex." The guys exchanged mystified glances.

"You okay?"

"Yeah, but..."

"Katie, I had no idea you were a little tease."

"I'm not, I'm...I'm sorry, I'll just...um...I'll give you blowjobs, okay?"

The guys paused and looked at each other for a moment.

"You know what to do?"

"Yeah," she nodded, lying. She'd read about it in some of her teen romances, how hard could it be? "Is that okay?"

"Tell us what you're going to do, baby."

"I...I'm going to suck your dicks. Until you come."

"And then what?"

"I'm going to swallow. Please."

"Fuck you have a great body. Okay."

Katie looked at them and wondered what was supposed to happen next. Adam squared up in front of her and push down lightly on her shoulder. She sank to her knees in front of Adam and undid his jeans. She swallowed nervously as she saw her first cock. She gently reached out and touched it before wrapping her hand around its girth. She glanced up at him in awe before returning her attention to it. She leaned forward and kissed the engorged head before engulfing it in her mouth. Her eyes fluttered shut as she moaned and sucked him in. The world faded out, just her and a cock in her mouth. Adam grabbed a handful of her hair and set her pace and then let her work as she moaned again. Not having a boyfriend had been the worst idea of her entire life. This was just amazing. She used her tongue to trace the veins on his thick cock, slurping as much of it as possible into her mouth. Lost in her own world, she happily bobbed on his dick in a sexual haze. Minutes passed, the sound of her slurping and his heavy breathing added to the music playing in the room as she reveled in the salty taste of his cock, the smell of sweat from his skin.

Suddenly, without warning, he pulled out of her with a groan. She opened her eyes in disappointment just in time to see David putting his dick into her mouth. She sighed in contentment and learned about his cock, thicker, not as long but every bit as delicious. Her body was on fire, her senses reeling. It was wondrous. David pulled back slowly, leading her over to the bench. She obediently followed him, crawling up to the bench. The new position exposed her ass, and she moaned as Adam stroked her pussy through her panties. 

She completely lost track of time, just focused on trying to give the best blowjob possible as Adam slid off her panties. She couldn't help but flinch as he touched her lightly between her legs and then slid a finger in to finger fuck her. Overcome with dueling sensations of Adam's fingers and David's cock, she almost fell off the bench as David suddenly pulled out. Katie was left gasping for air for a moment before Adam took his place. A stray thought wandered through her mind, wondering why they hadn't cum yet. She hoped she was doing it right, but that though melted away as David's fingers found her clit. She moaned around Adam's dick as she worshiped it, taking him as deep as she could and still not getting him all. 

Adam's breathing became more ragged and he started to cuss. Moments later his hands tightened around her head and his cock stiffened even more. Blast after blast of his hot bitter cum pumped into her mouth, filling her with a sense of accomplishment for making him feel so good. He pulled out and, as she looked around for a trash can, David positioned himself in front of her. She quickly swallowed, choking down the bitter load, and took him into her mouth. The fog of lust in her mind had somewhat lifted, and she wondered for a moment where Adam had gone, leaving her naked body unattended. Maybe he was getting a condom on? Katie moaned in anticipation. She tried to spread her thighs even more, wriggling her hips to entice him, . Nothing happened, though, and minutes later David groaned out his orgasm, filling her mouth with his seed. Katie swallowed again and collapsed forward on the bench, legs sprawled on either side as she tried to catch her breath. 
