 She thought about finding her own guy, but then thought again of Adam and David. Letting them use her for their pleasure. Why trifle around with some other guy when maybe Adam and David would agree? It was absolutely crazy to think about, losing her virginity in a threesome. Had anyone ever done that before? And with the two hottest guys in school, the potential seemed unreal. The headlines practically wrote themselves 'Nerdy Newspaper Editor Loses Virginity in Epic Threesome.' 

She fantasized about how it could have been, laying on the bench as they took turns mounting her, or maybe bent over the bench as she took them from both ends. She wished she could go back in time and change her actions in the gym, but that chance had passed. If another opportunity was to present itself she would have push things along. She also knew her window of opportunity was closing fast, with graduation just weeks away, after which she might never see them again. And so, finally, she approached Adam after class and slipped him a note.

Chapter 2

That night she went to bed, so anxious over his lack of reply she didn't even masturbate. Late at night as she slept fitfully, a text came in. She jerked out of sleep and looked at it, her eyes widening.  Meet outside.  

Katie stared at the message in shock. Outside? Where? She slipped a hoodie over her night shirt and briefly considered pulling on sweats before deciding not to, the hoodie was long enough to be a dress. She slipped out of her room, carefully avoiding the two creaky steps as she crept downstairs. She peeked out the front but saw no one and went to the patio door. The motion detector hadn't kicked on, but she thought she might have seen someone in the back yard. She kicked herself for not thinking of slippers as she ran over to turn off the security system. She then hurried back to the patio door and turned off the motion detector light before she slowly slid the door open, careful not to make a sound. 

Her eyes strained against the darkness, trying to see where they were. She held up her phone, practically blinding herself, and sent him a quick text. A flash of light at the back of her yard revealed his location. With a guilty glance up to her parent's darkened bedroom window, she snuck off the deck and trotted over to him, her heart pounding in her chest. 

"What's up," David asked.

"Desire," she snickered, glancing at Adam.

"Nice. So I got your note," Adam said.

"Yeah."

"What did you have in mind, exactly?"

"I mean, like, you're two guys, and, like I think..."

She swallowed nervously. She was still half asleep, her brain trying to catch up. She could barely make out their heads in the darkness, but she could feel herself blushing furiously. She could also feel the yawning pit in her belly and a certain wetness developing between her thighs.

"You think what?"

"We could...ah, go a little further maybe?"

"A little? What does that mean? Have you over to get jerked around again?"

"No, I mean, like, we could...I wouldn't stop you."

"So what you're trying to say is you want to go all the way?"

"Yeah," she agreed. "That."

"Katie," David interjected, "you need to stop playing around. We need to hear you say it so that this time there is no misunderstanding."

Her belly clenched.  Oh my God they want me to actually say it! Why can't we just meet up and let it happen?  

"I...uh...want to go all the way this time."

"You want to have sex."

"Yes." A pause filled the air. "I want you two to have ...sex with me." Her knees weakened as she heard the words she had just spoken. Thinking those nasty thoughts had been one thing, actually hearing it out loud was another.

"As I recall, you said you weren't comfortable with that. What changed?"

"I...I don't know. I just...it just was happening so fast and...like I had a chance to think about it."

"I don't know, man, I don't want to get jerked around again."

"No, I won't, I'll...I'll do whatever you want."

"You won't say no?"

"No. I mean I won't say no. Promise."

"Whatever we want?"

"Well, uh...I mean...no anal."

They grunted. Or was a laugh? She fruitlessly searched their silhouettes for a clue. The guys were silent for long moment and Katie shifted in her wet socks on the grass. She glanced back to the house, her parent's light still out.

"We'll need a down payment."

"What?"

She was about to ask what he mean when Adam reached out and gently pushed on her shoulder. Katie slowly sank to her knees, the meaning becoming clear to her. She reached out to his waist, glancing again back to the house.

"Okay, but don't pull out, I have to get back in," she whispered as she fumbled with his button. 

His hardening cock flopped out in front of her and she wasted no time taking it into her mouth, a small moan escaping her throat. This is what she wanted. David tapped her arm and then pulled her hand over to hold his cock. The two guys shuffled closer together and she popped off of Adam's cock to engulf David's. With both hands occupied with cock, she wished she had a third hand to finger herself. She bobbed between her two lovers, stoking one with her hand while she sucked the other one. Her knees complained as they sank slowly into the lawn, but she still she persisted. Finally she heard Adam mutter and focused all her attention on him as his hand tightened on her head. She was rewarded moments later with rope after rope of hot cum into her eager mouth. She swallowed as he backed away and turned her attention to David, working him hard until she satisfied him also. She swallowed down his seed sank back to her heels, her hoodie suddenly way too warm. The guys towered over her. 

"Saturday evening. My place, I'll text you with a time. You know?"

"Yeah, that would be great," she nodded, wiping her mouth.  My God I am going to come so hard I get back to my room 

"Oh Katie, one more thing," David said. "Don't come until then."

"What?" she giggled incredulously.

"No coming until then. Will you do that for us?"

"I...I mean I..."

"Be a good girl, Katie. No comey come comes, okay?"

"Uh, okay?"

She stared in shock at their retreating silhouettes, her body shaking in need. Don't come? Seriously? Finally she pulled herself together and slipped back into the house for a long night of restless tossing and turning as she obeyed his direction and tried to ignore the hunger gnawing in her pussy.

Saturday. Three days. Three endless nights. A desperate need filling her mind, day after day, hour after hour. She was walking around school in a sexual daze, stopping at the restrooms after every period to try and pull herself together. Adam and David both stopped by to talk to her, and it was all she could do to avoid begging them to advance the timetable. Her knees almost buckled when David asked her if she was being a good girl, and she darted right to the restroom after she admitting she was. 

Saturday finally came and Katie awoke at dawn like usual, but now with endless hours to fill before their date. She showered and primped and tried on her entire wardrobe twice before settling on a cute outfit. Or at least cute for her, given her limited options. A pink tee with a blue skirt, not particularly sexy but the best she had. She had, however, gone out and bought a sexy pair of lacy red lingerie to wear underneath. She loved the way the bra showed off her breasts and the heart cutout in the back of the panties was super cute. She wasn't a big fan of how much of her bottom the panties showed, but she figured that after David had complemented her ass she ought to show it off for him. Besides, she understood that her lingerie probably wouldn't be staying on long anyway. 

Dusk had just set when she knocked on his door, her heart pounding and her pussy already wet and ready. Years of being focused on her studies had paid off, her mom hadn't even batted an eye when she said she had to go work on a project. She could tell her nipples were hard and it was all she could do to keep from drooling. She felt like there was a huge blinking red sign over her head 'fuck me now!' David opened the door and she almost melted as she stepped in before her ardor was doused in freezing water as she came face to face with his elegantly dressed parents.

"Oh, hey Katie, you going to watch the game with the guys?"

"Uh...," she stuttered, trying to pull herself together, glancing at David, "Hi Mrs. Patterson. Yeah, the...uh...game."

She struggled to made small talk with them for the few moments before his parents left, closing the door behind them. 

"You look good," David smiled, looking her over and causing her to smile again. He stepped close to her and planted a kiss on her lips before embracing her. Her lips parted and their tongues battled even as she heard the car start in the driveway, his hand drifting down to cup her bottom. After a few moments he broke the kiss and stood nose to nose with her.

"Katie, I'm so glad you came over. I want you to know that you're perfectly safe here, I'll make sure no one gets out of control. This is a judgment free zone, and what happens here stays here. You remember what you promised that night?"

"I...uh...," she started nervously. "That I wouldn't come until today?"

"Well that, yeah, but the other thing."

"I...I said I wouldn't say no."

"That's right. And so let me be clear, Katie, you can say 'no' any time you want. But you made a promise and I expect you to keep it, okay?" She nodded weakly. "That's my girl," he smiled, and move forward to kiss her again. They made out for awhile and then he pulled back, the fires raging again in her loins. "Basement," he continued with a jerk of his head, leading her down by her hand.

Katie followed on wobbly legs, her panties already soaked. They entered the basement and she saw Adam and...Devonte? Why was he here? Adam called out a greeting and Devonte said hello as David led her over to them. Katie couldn't help but look at Devonte in surprise. Another football player, he was headed south on scholarship to play. But why was he here now? They couldn't possibly expect her to have sex with all three of them, could they? Besides, he was black. The stark racism of her instinctive thought threw her off. She wasn't racist, not even a little. Black people were her friends, but she had never even considered... Her thoughts trailed off as she tried to reconcile her reaction to her beliefs. 

"Hi, uh, Devonte. What are you doing here?" she asked before she could catch herself. 

The guys exchanged glances and confident smiles.

"Katie," David started, that dazzling smile on his face, "the question isn't why is Devonte here. The question is...why are you here?"

His comment hung in the air for a pregnant moment as Adam started the music. Just moments earlier she had promised that she wouldn't say no, but now she was feeling a little panicked. Adam walked up to her and pulled her into his arms, starting to slowly dance with her, just like they had at the workout room. She settled into his arms with another worried glance at Devonte, just standing there, relaxed and grinning. Adam turned her ever so slightly as they rocked, blocking Devonte from her view.

"You look beautiful today," he smiled. 

"Thank you," she smiled back, twitching a moment as his hands slid under her tee to caress the bare skin of her back.

She tried to focus on the sweet words he was saying to her, on his gentle caress, but the whole time her mind kept coming back to Devonte being in the room. She knew him of course, they had even teamed up in Chemistry last year. She had gotten along great with him, it's just that...  It's just that what?  All she could come up with was that he was black. The room felt way to hot, her heart was hammering away in her chest as she forced herself to smile at Adam. 

The song ended with Adam standing nose to nose with her while stroking her back. Adam stepped away and David stepped in, taking over where Adam left off. She couldn't suppress a glance at Devonte again before David turned her. His hands were more active, caressing her skin up to and over her bra strap as he held her close. His hips ground against her and she thought she could feel his excitement, her mind reeling as she tried to wrap her head around the added dimension of another guy. And he was...she forced the thought out of her mind. Devonte was a perfectly nice guy, it's just that... While she was wrestling with the enormity of the thought, David leaned in and kissed her. She let him lead, parting her lips and letting his tongue in. Her body responded immediately, her tongue dancing with his as his hand roamed her complacent body. 

David's dance ended with her tee bunched up around her armpits, her face flushed as he broke their kiss and stepped back. And just as smoothly, Devonte stepped up and pulled her into his arms, his hands scorching her skin.

"Hey," he smiled.

"Hi," she squeaked, trying to relax.

And with no further preliminaries, he pulled her tee up. Katie offered no resistance, simply extended her arms to allow him to pull it off of her. He handed it back to David and pulled her into his arms again, his hand freely roaming her half naked body. He leaned in and kissed her, and she suppressed her nerves to allow herself to fall into it, her eyes slamming shut. Her hand slowly settled on his massive shoulders as they kissed, feeling the hard muscles under his shirt, smelling his skin. They made out for awhile and then he broke the kiss and leaned forward.

"You're a good kisser, Katie," he murmured into her ear.

"Yeah she is," Adam agreed as joined them, embracing her from behind.

Katie whimpered and twisted her head, eager to feel his lips on hers. Adam kissed her as Devonte found a sensitive spot on her neck, causing her to moan lightly in her kiss. Hands roamed her front and back, leaving her breathless. Devonte stepped away, replaced by David. She lost herself in his kiss as hands caressed her everywhere. Hands cupped her breasts, found her nipples through her bra. She held on to her men as if worried they would step away and allow Devonte back in. Her skirt loosened and then fell to the floor where she stumbled out of it, all the while guided by their hands. Adam stepped back and a moment later David let her go, moving back to look at her.

Katie found herself surrounded by the three big guys, all still dressed, while she stood there panting, wearing only her bra, panties and sneakers. She felt totally exposed. Her hands instinctively rose to cover herself, then awkwardly fell to her sides, her shoulders still scrunching in a futile attempt to make herself smaller. Butterflies filled her belly.

"You're beautiful, Katie," David smiled appreciatively. 

"Thank you," she giggled from nerves.

"Yeah," Adam agreed from behind her, "Great body."

"Nice underwear," Devonte added. "They always say the quiet ones are the freaks."

"Why don't you turn around for me, let me see that ass."

So Katie did, turning in slow circles as the guys silently watching her with hungry eyes. She could feel their eyes on her, devouring her, desiring her. She was almost giddy with need. As one they converged on her and suddenly she was awash in sensation as hands caressed her and David kissed her. Her bra was opened and quickly discarded, hands grabbing her breasts and pinching her nipples. Her panties went next, pushed down and off. Someone's finger found her pussy and slid in, to be replaced moments later by someone else's and then again. She was holding on to David in her best attempt to stay upright as she whimpered between the guys. 

David stepped back and she opened her eyes to find herself in Adam's arms. He led her over to a rolled arm chair that Devonte had just pushed in front of the sofa. He sat in the chair with his legs spread and guided her down to her knees with his hands on her tits. She noticed that the other guys had gone to sit on the sofa behind him. 

"Why don't you suck my dick," he smiled as he pulled her a little closer.

Katie nodded and reached for his waistband. She glanced to the sides, seeing Devonte and David sitting with game controllers as she heard the game open on the big screen behind her. Adam raised his butt to help her and soon his cock sprung free. She looked into his eyes and gave him a few appreciative strokes as she marveled at its growing hardness. The last two times she hadn't been able to truly appreciate him, but now she had time. He nudged her and she relented, leaning forward to take him into her mouth. She could hear the game start, cars racing, as she stared into Adam's eyes and reacquainted herself with his cock. Based on the height of the arms of the chair, the other guys wouldn't actually be able to see her sucking him off, but they would be able to see her head bobbing and her bare lower half as she worked. Adam's attention shifted from her to the TV and back, idly stroking her hair and praising her as she bobbed up and down on him. 

She settled into her task, savoring the feeling of his hard cock as she sucked, looking up into those dreamy eyes as she made him feel good. She started experimenting, trying some of the naughty tricks she had read about and seen on the internet. Suddenly he pushed her off and pulled up his sweats. She looked up at him in alarm, scared that something had happened, but David came over as she noticed the game was playing the start music again. He bent down and smacked her ass, grabbing a thick handful for a moment.

"Damn you have a fine ass."

She leaned up to kiss him but her dodged her as he sat. 

"No, babe. Bro code. No kissing after where those lips had been."

She pouted at him for a moment as he opened his pants and tugged them down. She eagerly leaned forward to take his cock in her mouth. 

"God, Katie, that's so good. You're so beautiful. Yeah, that's good. We're going to play two more rounds. God, so good, I don't know if I'm going to last."

He leaned over her cupped her breasts, forcing himself deeper into her mouth as he fondled her nipples. He talked sweet nothing to her as she sucked him as best she could, savoring the concentrated smell of manhood in her little space. She panicked momentarily as she heard the end-of-race music and sure enough, David pushed her away and stepped aside as Devonte walked over to take his place. He wasted no time in opening his pants and pushing them down, allowing his dick out. Katie swallowed apprehensively as she stared at his black cock, thick and hardening. She did not want to do anything with him, but after sucking both Adam and David she felt trapped. She couldn't turn him down without revealing herself to be racist, and she knew she wasn't racist.

"Come on girl, that dick ain't gonna suck itself."

She tore her eyes away from his cock to look at him, seeing him smiling at her expectantly. Katie nodded and glanced over to David, who seemed to ignore her and focus on the game. She braced herself and closed her eyes as she tentatively took him in her hand for a few strokes and then leaned forward and gently kissed his dick. It's just a dick, she told herself, trying to rationalize that with her eyes closed she could imagine it was David. He gave a grunt of approval and let her set her own pace. She steeled herself and leaned forward even more to take him into her mouth. 

"Yeah girl, that's it," he said as he gently cupped her face with his hand. 

Katie couldn't believe the effect it was having on her. Though her eyes were closed, her mind kept flashing to how she must look sucking on a black dick. It felt wrong, but she couldn't admit the reason why. It also felt so incredibly erotic, being used like a sex toy with no say in what was happening. She familiarized herself with his dick, now fully erect, using her tongue to learn it's contours. 
