 I'm your typical middle aged man. I have a wife, two kids, live in the suburbs and work as a contractor for a local construction firm. 

To get away from it all, I usually hang around a group of guys made up of work friends, old college buddies and people I met from my pool league. They are great guys and we always have fun together, even if it typically involves just going for drinks at our favorite local bar, Schooly's.

Of all the people in my circle, only one was female: Katie Thompson.

You could say that Katie was one of the guys and she loved that special attention. She was introduced to us by my her then boyfriend Phil, though, we quickly found out that she had also dated our mutual friend, Tom, when they were both in high school. 

Eventually, Phil and Katie broke up, but Katie still hung around us, which was fine because Katie, by any standard, was a smoking hot babe. She had long, curly brown hair that came down all the way to her trim waist and her voluptuous boobs were a serious temptation for any man.

She was really open about sex too, and after a few beers it wasn't hard to get her to discuss her brief lesbian encounters in college and what she liked and didn't like about giving blowjobs. Still, she remained distant enough that none of us ever asked her for any special favors or made a pass for fear of alienating the friendship. 

That Summer, the guys were planning to go up to Phil's cabin for the July long weekend. Katie, being forever the tomboy, naturally wanted to come along too.

There were seven of us traveling in two vehicles, so we did have an extra seat. Katie was happy to be included. 

"God, I thought I would be doing laundry all weekend." She said when I picked her up early the following Saturday. She threw her duffel bag into the trunk and got in the back seat. Looking at her in the rear view mirror, my eyes lingered over of her tight green tank top and cream colored short-shorts that barely came down over her milky thighs.

The Jeep that Phil was driving had already left , with Ted, James and Mick, and though I had picked up Will and Katie, I still had to get Jim.

When I pulled up to Jim's house, he wasn't ready. I waited five minutes before honking the horn. Suddenly, Jim's door opened and I saw him come out with a knapsack and a cooler. His wife was behind him and he turned to give her a quick kiss as she waved goodbye from inside the door. "Have fun." She said, waving goodbye.

Katie immediately busted his balls when he got in beside her. "You're ten minutes late." She laughed. "Getting a last minute blowjob?"

"I wish." Jim frowned. "The only person my wife sees naked anymore is our nine month old baby."

Mick's cottage was about three hours North of the city and located on the cusp of Raider's Bay, which was an old exchange spot for bootleggers in the '20s. The bootleggers got bold enough to build luxury cabins up there that got seized and were re-sold on the cheap. Phil's Great Granddad had bought one in the thirties and it had been in his family ever since.

As we found our way deeper into the countryside, I turned the vehicle off the highway and headed down a dirt road through overgrown brush. The sedan bounced through the bumpy trail and we all groaned whenever we struck a deep pothole in the road. I started to realize why Phil took the jeep instead of his other car.

Finally, after about a fifteen drive into the brush, we came out into a wide clearing where Phil's cabin sat overlooking a sandy beach and crisp, drifting lake.

Although it had been built over seventy five years ago, Phil's cabin was nothing if not extravagant. 

As we all carried our bags inside, we were surprised to discover a large living room equipped with a big screen tv, a full kitchen and two sofas. In fact, it almost seemed like a normal suburban living room had been transplanted into the wilderness. There was even a satellite dish and a bar in the corner, along with a downstairs bedroom and fully integrated kitchen with steel countertops and an island in the center.

The upstairs was one large open concept loft with a full King sized bed in the middle of the room that was draped in a mosquito net. A large bay window cast sunlight through the sheer fabric, giving the bed a warm, yellow halo. 

I went downstairs and sat on one of the two couches. "Where are we going to sleep?" I asked Phil who was passing out beers from the fridge.

"Well, I figured I'd take the couch, and I told you all to bring sleeping bags. I'm taking the downstairs bedroom, two people can have the couches. Some people will either have to sleep in a tent outside, the jeep, or if you're feeling especially brave, under the stars. It's supposed to be a warm night and the mosquitoes aren't that bad in the high summer."

"So, who gets the upstairs bed?" Ted inquired.

"Well," Phil continued, "We might as well give it to Katie."

"What?" Said Mick. "Why? Because she's a woman? Fuck it. I say, I get the bed." We all laughed, not realizing Mick wasn't trying to be funny.

"It makes the most sense for Katie to take it." Phil continued. "She'll need her own changing area anyway."

We all agreed to give Katie the bed and she took her luggage upstairs. 

"Fuckin' double standard." Mick grumbled under his breath.

Everyone dispersed. Mick and Phil decided to collect firewood, Will, James and Ted went directly for their fishing rods while Tom and I figured we'd take a quick dip. Katie decided to take a quick nap upstairs and read.

After about thirty minutes of swimming, I figured it was time to dry off and get another beer. When I entered the cabin, no one had returned yet, but I heard someone upstairs. 

I walked up the wooden staircase to the loft. 

Katie was on the bed reading a novel.

"What's going on?" I asked her. "Not enjoying the great outdoors?"

"Well," She smiled. "I'm just taking a breather. All you guys are so eager to get out there and do stuff, while this is just a nice relaxing weekend away for me. It's great to get out of the office and just breathe some fresh air."

I smiled at her as she lay reposed on the bed. God, she was a sexy woman. It was hard for me not to get aroused, watching her long legs, playing with each other delicately.

"So Katie," I said, sitting on the bed beside her. "Why didn't your boyfriend want to come?"

"Oh, we broke up." She told me flatly, putting her book down. "It just wasn't working out. He's a big partier and couldn't get grow out of his little boy mode. I figured it would be better if I left him alone to sow his wild oats so to speak."

Although she pretended to be a rough tomboy, Katie was, like any woman, a nurturer at heart. She always got involved with bad boys she wanted to save. 

"You know Katie, it's nice that you think you're one of the guys," I said, "but you know you're really not, right?."

She didn't know how to respond to this. "What do you mean?"

"Well, guys have cocks, right?"

"What are you getting at?" She asked, worriedly.

"Well, you don't have a cock."

She paused. "You're geniuinely a strange guy Chris. The sun must have melted your brain already, because I don't know what you're getting at."

"I'm just curious about what's under those shorts." I told her.

"It's none of your business what's under my shorts." She warned me. "And I think you need to learn some self-respect."

She picked her book back up, as if trying to ignore me. I pulled it out of her hands and put it on the nightstand.

"Hey!" She protested.

"You know Katie," I began, "It's really nice that you feel really 'safe' around us and that you think of us as your bros and dudes, but don't think that because we treat you like the rest of us that we don't think about fucking you."

She was shocked.

"The reality is, we've all discussed what we'd do if we could fuck you."

She shook her head. "No way! I mean, I dated Phil and Ted, but that was years ago, when we were in college. I don't think they're still interested."

"Well," I smiled, "They seemed pretty interested when they told us all about what a great cocksucker you are a couple of weeks ago at the bar."

"No way!" She blushed. "Are you kidding?"

"Let's just say deep throating is a special talent."

Katie took off the glasses she was using to read.. "So what? I like to suck cock."

I put my hand on her creamy leg. "Well, maybe I want you to suck mine."

"I suck cock, not straws." She laughed.

"Does this look like a straw to you?" I asked, unzipping my fly and fishing out my large dick. 

"What are you doing?" She said, almost laughing as I showed her my thick, erect penis.

"Come on Katie, I won't tell anyone."

Katie looked at my cock with a shy smile. "Fine!" She said, finally giving in. "But don't tell any of the guys about this or you're in serious trouble!"

With that, she took my penis in her hand and started licking the head all over with her luscious tongue. It felt so moist and warm against my tender cock.

I gently held her head as she bobbed on my penis. Little by little, I encouraged her to take more, until she was taking over three-quarters of my cock in and out of her pink little throat. At 30, Katie was the perfect cocksucking age and I loved reaping the benefit of her talents.

I closed my eyes as Katie vacuumed my dick. When I opened them, Will, James and Ted were standing at the foot of the bed.

"Well, well, well." Said Will, "Look at what we have here. And I thought we caught a big fish!" The others laughed while Katie, taking my dick out of her mouth, turned to them, looking like a schoolgirl caught stealing candy.

"You guys aren't an item now are you?" Ted asked. "Because remember, I taught that slut everything she knows!"

The guys laughed as I gently took Katie by the head and brought her mouth back to my cock. She was on all fours on the bed, her mouth hovering over my dick, when Tom went to unbutton her shorts. She tried to protest but forgot about it as the shorts were pulled past her knees and discarded. Everyone could already see that her pussy juices had soaked through her pearl panties.

James, always a breast man, went directly for Katie's rack. I helped him pull her t-shirt off over her head as he unclipped her cross my heart bra. It fell from Katie's shoulders as I pulled my cock out of her mouth and rubbed it around her lips.

I could see Ted put his face between her rump, which was easy access for him. Katie smiled at me. "He remembers exxxaaaaactly where to go...." She slurred, glassy eyed. I drew the hair back from her eyes and lifted her off my dick. I kissed her mouth; my tongue touching hers. Our kiss was electric as fondled the breast that James wasn't sucking.

"Fuck, she's already soaked." smiled Ted, pulling his face back. "You taste as good as ever Katie!"

Katie moaned her appreciation on my cock She sucked me for a few more moments until I shot my load into her throat. She swallowed with a smile and Will replaced my large cock with his slightly smaller one. Katie had no trouble deep throating him. I went behind Katie to watch Ted eating her pussy. He licked her slit like he was trying to win her back. She unloaded copious amount of pussy juice over his face and I could see his chin was slick with it. The smell of her pussy filled the loft, infusing it with a primitive lust. The guys all stripped and I did the same.

There was a noise like a door shutting downstairs and soon, Phil and Mick appeared.

"Well, there's a familiar sight." Phil said watching his ex suck Will's cock. "Has anybody tried her asshole yet?"

Tom took his head out from between Katie's buttocks. "What do you mean?" He asked Phil.

"Oh, don't you know she loves getting it back there?" Phil asked surprised. "I fucked her shithole all the time."

Tom looked disappointed and slapped Katie's ass hard. She accepted the blow with a moan.

"You slut!" Tom said, getting up and walking around to face her, his rock hard cock dangling out in front of her face. "Why didn't you let me have your asshole?"

"Well," Katie said, blushing as she took her mouth off Will's member, "I thought I didn't like it, until Phil made me one night. I don't know why I let him, I guess I was really, really horny. And now I'm pretty good at it."

She squirmed as Phil squirted lubricant he found in the nightstand right into her asshole. "Don't worry, Tom, you'll get it today." Phil said, pushing his fingers up the slick cavity; his digit sliding easily into her poopchute. 

"Wait!" Said Katie. "I have to poop before you put anything in there."

The guys thought it was a reasonable request and Katie went downstairs and out into the open wilderness. The guys followed her into the woods where they watched her dig a little hole and squat over it. "You guys don't really want to see this, do you?" Katie asked. The guys nodded yes so she turned her back to them so she didn't have to look as she squatted over the latrine, squeezing out her poop.

Her asshole quivered and contracted as log after log of shit was expunged from her bowels. The guys all stroked as they watched, more turned on by Katie's naïve embarrassment than her shit.

When she was done her bowel movement, she turned back to us and smiled. Her face was bright red. I don't think she had ever done that in front of anyone.

"Feel better?" Phil asked.

"Yes, but I just realized I forgot toilet the paper!" She frowned. 

I held a roll up for her, having grabbed it from the car on our way to the woods. "Here you go Katie." I smiled.

"Thanks Chris!" She smiled. I approached her, telling her to bend over. She did and I unwound the soft tissue, wiped her clean. 

"Sorry it's a bit smelly!" She giggled as I wiped her anus free of dirt. I threw the toilet paper into the latrine and Katie kicked dirt over it with her sandal. Then we went to the lake and, taking a bar of soap someone brought from inside, Katie lathered herself up. 

Of course, our cocks were rock hard while we watched her bathe. Her pose was reminiscent of a modern day Greek Goddess as she washed her breasts and pussy. 

When she decided that she was cleansed, she walked back to the shore. "Ok guys look. I'm not going to be gang banged for the next 48 hours, so I'm going to put a pen and paper on the downstairs coffee table and you can each book thirty minutes with me. I won't have every one of my holes triple penetrated for the entire rest of the trip. I shouldn't even be fucking you. I mean, some of you guys have wives and girlfriends, even kids."

The guys started to complain when she stopped them. "Wait, wait, wait, I didn't mean that I'm not going to do this, I mean that what happens here stays here. Got it?"

She sighed and crossed her arms. "You know, I was looking forward to some swimming and hiking this weekend, but I bet I won't even see the outside of the cabin."

The guys grinned and told her she was damn right as they brought her back into the cabin. The warm sun had already dried the droplets on her silky skin.

As promised she took a blank piece of paper and a pen and made a list of times, getting the guys to book their session. "My pussy closes at 10:30 tonight guys. I'll need some sleep you know!"

Everyone thought this was fair and starting putting their names down. I was first.

We went upstairs as the guys cheered us on. Katie took a digital stopwatch Phil had given her and programmed it's alarm to go off in thirty minutes. 

"Ok, big boy," She said, putting it on the nightstand by the bed. "The clock's running."

I spent most of the thirty minutes fucking Katie's mouth, trying to make her gag. She was pissed, but I thought she seemed so cute with her mouth stuffed with my big dick. I also had her lick my asshole which my girlfriend never does. 

Katie didn't seem to have a problem with giving analingus and judging from the feeling of her tongue working my hole overtime, it was obvious she was a born ass-licker. I told her as much as she blushed. 

The timer went off and I left as Phil came into the room. I checked the sign-up sheet and wrote my name in the 3pm and the 10:30pm slot. All the other times were booked solid. Some of the guys had even signed up for tomorrow already.

At 3:30, I came back for my second fuck. Katie's pussy was red and swollen from all the cocks and cum leaked out from between her legs.

She had a damp cum rag someone had brought her and used it to wipe away the shiny sperm glistening on her thighs. I concentrated on fucking her ass this time and really enjoyed it. Her butt had been widened by the others, so it was almost easier to slip into her shit hole than her pussy. When I was done, I made her ass-to-mouth my cock and then came in her face as extra surprise. I had cum about four minutes early so I used the extra time to just chat with her. 

She wanted to wipe my cum off her face, but I told her not too. It was hard to concentrate on what she was saying with my spunk all over her nose, but she sure looked sexy.

For the rest of the afternoon and evening, I went walking, fishing and read an old copy of Maldoror in a hammock just outside the cabin. I could hear Katie's moans coming from the loft window all day long. Ah, sweet summer days.

At 6:30, I brought Katie some b-b-q chicken I cooked up for everyone and fed it to her while Mick fucked her asshole. 

At 10:30, it was time for my third session and the last of the day. Tom was in there, finishing his time up. As I walked up the stairs, I could hear them both speaking softly.

"Why did you break up with me?" Tom asked. "I really loved you in high school. I wanted to marry you, but instead, we both ended up single.!"

Katie groaned. "Oh, Tom, that was a long time ago. Besides, our relationship wasn't really working out. I mean, you were so busy with school, and so was I."

"But," Tom said, "I love you. I always have."

"Well, you can fuck me with the other guys." She said. "But I don't think we'll be together again."

I figured it was time to break this up. "Ok, Tom," I said, walking into the loft and announcing my presence. "You had your time. Now I'm going to finish her off."

Tom looked at me with jealous eyes.

"You've just got to learn how to share Tom." Katie chastised. "I'm a slut, but I love it. It feels great to try different cocks inside me."

He walked off in a huff. 

"What was that about?" I asked Katie.

"Oh, just some ancient history." She smiled. "I think watching me get fucked like this is upsetting his image of me. I mean, we were in the 12th grade when we dated."

"And you did break up with him didn't you?" "Yeah. And he was so pissed I never gave him anal. He fucked me there really roughly for both of his time slots today and tomorrow he'll probably do the same."

I laughed. "Probably."

"Would you check to see if my bum is bleeding?" Katie asked, rolling over.

Her asshole was a big red plum, having been fucked to the point where it was terribly swollen. I asked her if it hurt and she said it just felt numb, but that for the rest of the weekend it was closed for business except for Tom because she felt she owed him. 

"I'm so sore" She said, "My jaw, my pussy, my ass... I mean, it feels really good, but I think I've overdone it for the day."

She had been getting fucked all day, so I wasn't surprised she was a little on the worn side. Still, the rules were rules and I still had 28 minutes on the timer. She pleaded with me not to use her holes so instead she jerked me off, occasionally licking and sucking my balls and cock. She also let me suck her nipples which she also said were tender.

I told her I wanted her throat for a minute and though she complained at first, she grudgingly accepted my cock back in her throat. Her eyes watered as my full length plunged into the depths of her throat. I noticed her blowjob technique was much smoother since our first session. I wondered who taught her that.
