 Note: Theres a small element of male-male contact in this story because it's something that really turns me on and I write for my own enjoyment as well as for others. So please don't mail me to object. 

Although he's not 50-50 bi, my husband has a strong streak of it in him and it's one of the things that attracts me to him. I've seen the amount of added enjoyment he and the men who have participated with us have derived from a more open experience.

------------------------------------------------

She'd done it! Katie's heart was pounding and the urge to get up and flee was almost uncontrollable. But, as always, the draw she felt to things taboo was even greater - and so she sat, staring ahead at the screen, waiting for her eyes to adjust to the dark around her.

She had no idea who was nearby, if anyone at all. It wasn't subtly lit, like an ordinary cinema. She had groped her way in and felt her way to the second row from the back and was sitting a couple of seats in from the aisle. She knew that, when her eyes had adjusted from the daylight outside, the light from the screen would be enough to illuminate what she knew would be a very small space.

For a couple of minutes she was absorbed in watching the larger-than-life images on screen - three men who had picked up a girl hitchhiker and were beginning some very unsubtle moves on her. 

So this is the where Gary spends a couple of evenings a week, she mused. He was very open with her about it and always took great pleasure in describing the films to her. She felt a little guilty, taking his absence on a two-day business trip to decide to try it out herself. And at 11 in the morning, too - it seemed so much more daring to her than if it had been in the evening. 

She had been making the beds that morning after driving her two-year-old son to the nursery, and had discovered that Gary had left his cinema pass card on the bedside table, and it hadn't taken her long to make the decision. She hadn't even changed from what she wore to do her early morning chores, a casual teeshirt, summer skirt, and panties - not even a bra. Despite feeding the baby earlier, she still felt the pressure from the amount of milk she was producing and she found that going without a bra was easier on her. 

She had quickly asked Brenda next door to look after the baby, and had jumped in the car and driven straight over. On the way she had been analysing her behaviour which had been uncharacteristically rash, and she put it down to the incredible surges of sexual desire she had experienced since recovering from the birth of her baby girl two months before. Gary had been delighted, especially as she was breast feeding and her breasts were constantly engorged. In contrast, all of her friends had experienced a reduction of desire after birth. Katie smiled to herself, remembering how Gary had teasingly told her that morning that he needed this enforced one-night break from her demands.

Gradually, the outlines of the cinema emerged from the gloom ... the poorly illuminated exit sign on one side, a door next to the screen, then three shapes in the rows in front of her that she assumed were patrons. She strained her eyes to see. They were, and from the shape of the heads, all three were male. She had expected nothing else.

Katie loked around her and got a shock when she saw a figure from across the aisle get up and move across to the end of her row, just two seats away. She started to panic. She had almost known she would get attention but had assumed it would take a bit of time. She glanced again and the flickering light from the screen revealed an unattractive, unkempt man in his forties or fifties. He was smiling at her and, although Katie didn't look at him directly after that, she could tell from his arm movements that he was masturbating. The smell of alcohol mixed with slightly stale sweat revolted her. Her face must have said it all, because, after a few minutes, muttering and swearing under his breath, he got up again and moved back to his original seat. About a minute later he got up again and staggered out of the cinema, still muttering.

This was such a mistake, she told herself and was considering leaving herself - but it was the possibility of the drunk thinking she was following him that made her stay put. The she noticed that one of the two guys in front of her who were sitting together had ducked down and, judging from the other's reactions, was sucking his cock. Katie strained her eyes in the gloom, intrigued to be witnessing something that had always excited her imagination. In fact, Gary had confessed that he had let it happen to him a few times in here; that it was a great sensation to have a warm mouth caressing his dick while he watched the porn. He'd asked her if she minded and said he'd stop it next time if she did, but she didn't and had wondered if he had ever done it himself, to another guy. He had said he hadn't but his expression had suggested that maybe he had.

She was still half-watching the two guys and half watching the screen, when there was a movement behind her and she tensed again. She had completely forgotten the back row! She half-tuned her head and saw a figure move out of the row and then enter hers, but this one quietly slid along to the seat next to hers and sat down. Katie was just about to get up and leave, petrified that this was the drunk who'd slipped back in while she was distracted. But then a warm, deep voice said:

"Morning, Katie" 

Katie spun her head round and couldn't quite make out the face at first. All she could see was a stocky, well-built figure and the shape of a head that suggested a receding hairline. Then a smile. Oh God, she thought, who IS it?

The scene on screen changed and there was suddenly more light. Katie gasped audibly: "Don!" 

It was Don Jeffries, their bank manager. Not only that, he was a lay preacher at their church and, although Katie and Gary were in their mid-twenties and Don and his wife Helen were in their early fifties, they had been friends since they had moved into the town five years before - not close but friendly enough to visit each other's houses about two or three times a year.

"Sorry, " he whispered. "I didn't mean it to be that much of a shock!"

Katie just stared, her mouth slightly open, aghast - not only that he should have seen her in this place but that he was here also. 

He looked briefly at the screen and then back at her. "Really, I knew you'd be surprised but not this much. Gary told me you knew he came here quite often. I just assumed he had told you that we often see one another in here?"

Katie shook her head, still unable to speak. Oh GOD, she thought. "Why did I do this! Don in here! And catching me in here!! What must he think of me?"

Don placed his hand on her arm to reassure her. "Katie," he whispered. "You're shaking!" 

She was. She just wanted to be away from here. "Don..." she hissed. "I've got to go... I have to get home."

Don's hand squeezed her arm gently but firmly. "But Katie, you just arrived."

Oh, God, even her lie was exposed! In her panic she hadn't considered that he was probably already there when she'd crept in.

"But I must..."

Don smiled at her warmly. "Katie, honey, please don't just because of me. If anyone should leave, it's me for putting you in this position. I shouldn't have moved."

"No... no, Don. I'll go." The last thing she wanted to do was spoil his fun.

"Katie. Honey. There's no need for either of us to leave. I realise you came to check this place out. It's a shame not to, now you're here."

Katie relaxed a liitle.

"And now that I'm sitting here, honey, you won't get any more drunks pestering you!" He looked at her and winked, and she smiled for the first time. Also, she realised that Don. too, now he knew that Gary hadn't mentioned him to her, must also be a little embarrassed.

They sat for a couple of minutes of still awkward silence, their eyes the screen. The plot was now well advanced and the three men had the girl spreadeagled on the hood of the car and they were taking it in turns to fuck her. Although Gary had bought some adult films to play at home, they were very few and were all softer than real porn and the detail and closeness were new to her. She found herself getting aroused. The soft moans of the guy being sucked noisily just two rows in front of them added to the whole atmosphere and, as it was gradually getting closer to lunchtime, a couple more guys in business suits had entered the cinema.

Don was still holding Katie's arm - he hadn't moved his hand but the grip was more relaxed now. She felt his one finger stroking her bare skin and when he spoke she realised how close he was because she could feel his breath on her cheek. "Well, what do you think, Katie?" he whispered in her ear. "Can you see why Gary likes coming here? Kinda hot, isn't it?" 

Katie nodded slowly. She didn't want to lie to him and felt a sort of comfort that he was there with her now. Her mind kept telling that it couldn't be that awful being caught in here by Don, this pillar of the community who obviously had been enjoying it for years. And he was taking care of her now.

She turned and smiled at Don and he smiled broadly back. Unexpectedly she felt a very warm sensation pass through her as she realised how handsome and sexy he was, and she realised that she had probably always thought that but had never actually acknowldged it ... after all, he was bank manager, churchgoer and friend! She felt him press closer to her, her bare arm now pressed against his suit. And he smelt so good, his cologne fresh compared to the rather stale air in the cinema.

In front of them, they could see the head of the guy who was sucking, bobbing in and out of view now and the other guy had his hand on his head as he lolled back, and in their diagonal view, they could see his face, creased with pleasure.

"They seem to be enjoying themselves," Don whispered, chuckling softly, totally easy about it. Katie suddenly realised that one of the guys who sucked Gary could well have been Don! And maybe Gary had even sucked Don! Was this why he was drawing it to her attention? She looked at him again and he smiled and winked.

Katie was sure that was why!  She just HAD to know.

"Do you ever ...?" She stopped, suddenly chickening out. How could she ask him that?

"Do I ever...?"

She looked away, embarrassed.

Don leaned right in, his lips touching her ear. "Do I ever suck-off guys in here? Is that what you were thinking?" He waited for for her to answer but she couldn't. 

"Yes, I do, hon." He paused. "And, what you really want to know is whether I've ever sucked Gary, don't you?" Her expectant look confirmed it. He grinned again. "Yes I have."

Katie's mind raced, picturing the two of them in here, then meeting up in church, or at the bank, having this intimate knowledge of one another! It really excited her to think about it and, sitting there with Don in such a blatantly sexual situation, she felt herself being drawn into it.

He was caressing her arm more obviously now and he kept his mouth close to her ear as they both watched the screen.

"Gary tells me how sexually adventurous you are, Katie." The low tones of his voice sounded so sexy. "He's often quite descriptive about what you two get up to." She looked at him and he smiled and winked at her. " Don't be embarrassed - I think it's wonderful. Gary's a very lucky man to have found a young woman like you." There was a pause. "You know, I think you and he should chat about this place some more. A few guys sometimes bring in their wives or girlfriends and then it can get really hot." His lips brushed her ear and she felt a tingle race through her. "Imagine it, sweetheart ... imagine the sexual tension. Arriving here and not knowing what is going to happen, but realizing that something's definitely going to take place." 

Katie turned to him, her lips parted. She was breathing deeply, her eyes shining, and she nodded. He looked into her eyes and could see his excitement at telling her this. Suddenly she felt one of the fingers of his hand on her arm had extended and was gently stroking her the underside of her breast. She closed her eyes in extacy as it found its way to her erect nipple and toyed with it.

"My God, your tits are fabulous, sweety" he murmured in her ear. "Gary said how big and full they are at the moment ... you know, what with feeding the baby and all that. They're superb, baby, they really are!" Katie squirmed in her seat, and the movement made her realise how wet her pantie crotch had become.

"Look... " Don whispered, looking briefly at the screen. "Look how much that girl's enjoying being fucked by those guys. Isn't that beautiful, honey? Doesn't it make you r#horny?"

Katie squirmed in her seat, gazing at the screen. "Ohhh yessss," she breathed.

"Do you like seeing those fat cocks in her pussy, baby?" he continued, teasing her ear with his tongue tip. "Can you imagine what that feels like? A really thick cock?" 

"Oh, Don, yesssss"

He pinched her nipple and she jerked her head round and pressed her lips against his neck, moaning. She felt him slide his hand down her body to her leg and then slide up underneath it to her panties. He hooked them aside and his fingertip found her moist pussy lips and stroked them. His finger was broad and and expertly used, and she loved it. She quickly spread her thighs and his finger slid into her wet cunt.

"Ohhhh GOD, Don!", she moaned into his neck. "Oh please... please...stop!"

"Why, honey?" He kissed the top of her head. "Don't you like it it?"

"Mmmmmmmmm," she purred. "Oh yes, I do... but...Gary..."

"Gary would love to see you like this now, darling. I promise you." Don gently continued to finger-fuck her expertly. She gazed into his kind eyes and his lips found hers and he kissed her softly, his tongue gently playing. He turned more directly to face her, his kiss lingering, and his other hand now slid up under her teeshirt and found her naked breast. He kneaded it lovingly until his forefinger and thumb foud her erect nipple and tweaked it gently, making her stretch out with pleasure. "Fuck, your tits are absolutely incredible, baby

God, she thought, what must I look like? Don's head obscured her view but she could imagine everyone looking at them. But shockingly, she found that thrilling.

Eventually, Don's lips left hers and he sat back in his seat, sucking on the finger that had just been in her pussy. His nearest arm was now round her shoulder and her teeshirt still up abover her breasts which his hand still fondled. Their skin was so smooth and white that they seemed to shine in the half-light.

He wrestled to unzip his suit trousers and then took her hand and placed it on the open fly. Katie needed no prompting, she slid it inside and found his briefs. She could feel the swell of his cock but sought the waistband and slid under it.

"My God!" she gasped. 

"Like it?" he grinned. 

Katie giggled. "God yes ... it's huge!" Don helped her to tug it out, it was so stiff, but eventually they got there and it sood out of his fly, an extremely thick, veined log of a cock, it's foreskin pulled back over the glistening head which gleamed in the light from the screen. She couldn't get her fingers round it - even near the whole way round. Katie stared at it in awe. Don placed his hand round hers and urged it to stroke him, moving it away once she had started.

There was a sharp intake of breath from behind them and Katie glanced to see a young man in glasses leaning forward to see it. He didn't notice her looking, absorbed as he was by the sight of her hand stroking that huge cock.

"Fuck, Katie," Don moaned. "Your hand feels so good, baby. Don't feel you need to be careful... it can take a lot of punishment."

Don moved his arm from round her shoulder and returned to her pussy, Katie spreading her thighs readily. "Sheeesh, your panties are really wet now," he smiled at her as he pulled the crotch aside again and slid two fingers into her flesh this time. "My God, sweetheart, I want that cunt of yours so badly!" he hissed, plunging his fingers in and out, and curling them when inside, to feel her warm moist flesh. "I hear you're a really wild fuck."

Katie's head was pressed against his shoulder as she stroked his cock - but she looked up at him and their lips met again in a long kiss, both of them breathinghard through their noses. Out the corner of her eye, Katie could see that the young guy behind them was now standing and peering over. "Fuck yeah," he hissed. You gotta fuck her, man!"

"Suck me sweetheart," Don whispered. "Taste it."

Katie was too far gone now to worry about anything or anyone. She shifted out of her seat and clambered between Don's thick thighs, her pale-fleshed tits reflecting the murky light. She knelt down and, taking his cock in her hand, kissed and licked the head. Don moaned and reared his hips up so that she could tug his pants down a little. She was now able to reach in and lift out his balls - lovely fat hairy ones that wer like warm, slithery puppies in her hand. Holding his cock upwards, she kissed them and licked them like a cat with long sensuous strokes, before returning to his cock and sucking about one third of it into her mouth which was totally stretched by it, and she felt her eyes watering. 

Don's occasional moans and the slobbering, slurping treatment that Katie was administering, gradually attracted more and more attention and now three guys had moved to the row directly in from of them, and had turned in their seats to watch. Don was in heaven and he reached up to take the cock of the young spectacled guy, massaging and stroking his straining tool. Another guy, a powerful black man, dressed like a personal trainer, moved across to the seat next to Don and was leaning down to finger Katie's cunt. His fingers were huge and she squealed aroung Don's cock as he felt around inside her. The panties were constricting her, so she levered herself up, not releasing the cock from her mouth, so that she was bending from a standing position and the guys in the row were presented with a view of her ass and her cunt where the panties were pulled aside. With a grunt, the black man tugged them down to her ankles and then grabbed her ass, pulling her round so that it faced him better, and dived in with his mouth, slurping on her cunt and asshole.

This was too much for Katie to bear. Releasing Don's tool, she moaned loudly: "Ohhhh fuck yes! Eat my pussy! Eat my ass!" She resumed sucking but now her moans and groans were constantly sending vibrationss down his cock.

The black guy's tongue was curled and hard and was getting right inside her. Suddenly, sensing her reactions and how her cunt clamped on his tongue, he placed his mouth over her pussy and sucked hard. Katie gurgled round Don's cock and then cried out as she shook and bucked, and came into the black man's sucking mouth. His deep booming moans of appeciation coupled with his noisy lapping filled the cinema and now everyone was gathered round.

Katie sank onto Don's knees, still holding his cock. Don pulled her towards him, his hands cupped her tits and he asked: "Enjoy that, sweetheart? "  She nodded breathlessly but she certainly wasn't finished and was rubbing his leaking cock against her pussy lips and clit. "You want that, don't you darling," he grinned. "You want Daddy Don's big cock!"

She grinned naughtily at him, leaned forward, kissed his forehead, and moaned: "Oh yes Daddy. I need your fat cock." Her fat tits lolled against his chest and he briefly leaned forward to lick them sensuously.

"I thought you did, baby," Don grinned. "Well put it then." 

There was whispered encouragement from all sides as the gathered men masturbated frantically.
