 I'm one of the few male teachers at St. Matilda's Academy for Young Ladies, an expensive English private school. I'm early thirties and still single, and for me it's a voyeur's paradise. I teach a final year class of about twenty girls aged eighteen to nearly nineteen and all very much aware of their ripening sexuality. They all seem to be trying to outdo each other in showing off their wares in the thinnest most boob clinging school uniform white blouses they can squeeze into, and displaying as much bare or sheer black nylon clad leg as possible in the shortest school uniform skirts they can get away with.

Needless to say most of my young beauties performed regularly in my masturbation fantasies, but I'd never had any of my lovelies in the flesh. Then came that never to be forgotten school trip.

Together with two of St. Matilda's rather frumpy women teachers I went away with a bunch of my eighteen to nearly nineteen year olds for an end of summer term trip to the hills of the English Lake District. We stayed in a field studies centre, a big old house divided up into dormitories and meeting rooms. As the only man on the trip I had a dormitory to myself with a single bed in which to enjoy my girls in my dreams.

I'd been out on the hills all day with the girls. The scenery of hills and valleys around us had been magnificent. But the hills and valleys I'd been most interested in had been the hills bulging under my girls' tight tops and the valleys between their bum cheeks under their curve clinging skimpy shorts and jeans.

I'd hardly been able to keep my eyes off two of my girls, sweet little dark haired Rebecca, and blonde Amanda, both just a few weeks off their nineteenth birthday. Rebecca had the best filled blouse in my class, a sweet young face, big glasses that gave her a look of innocence, and legs which were a man's dream even in her respectable length skirts. 

Amanda was a beauty with blonde hair loose to her shoulders. She was also one of those girls who seem to have "whore" written all over her. She was constantly being disciplined for her microscopically short skirts, though I'd certainly never complained! The upskirt views of her white schoolgirl knickers Amanda's short skirts treated me to in class often featured in my wanking thoughts.

The girls were having an hour or so of chill time before lights out at ten thirty. In a moment when no one else was around Amanda came up to me and said softly:

"I've noticed how you look at me. You want me, don't you? If you want some fun come to dormitory three after lights out." 

As Amanda spoke she snuggled up against me so close that her breasts bulging under her tight shirt brushed against my arm and her bare thigh below her brief tight shorts pressed against my hand, leaving me in no doubt about what kind of fun she had in mind. I'd promised myself a good hard bedtime wank but I certainly wasn't turning down an invitation like that from a girl like Amanda. 

Back in my dormitory I stripped and changed into new clean briefs, a pale grey speedo style pair. Looking at myself in the big wall mirror I saw they were just big enough to cover my sex kit with my penis already up in anticipation. I decided I looked good in them. I put on my shirt and trousers, then just after ten thirty I made my way as silently as I could through the dark corridors to dormitory three, and tapped softly on the door.

The door was opened by Amanda. She was just in a tiny black bra and panties scarcely big enough to sling her hefty breasts and cover her cunt. St. Matilda's school regulations said that girls' underwear must be "white or pastel, modest and opaque." Amanda's underwear was anything but that. I'd had some trepidation about knocking on girls' dormitory doors after dark but seeing Amanda dressed like that I knew I was in the right place. She quickly closed the door behind me as soon as I entered. 

What I saw inside was amazing. Sitting, kneeling or just sprawled on the beds were five more of my girls: Barbara, Helen, Jane, Linda and Rebecca. Helen and Jane were topless, just in panties showing off big young breasts. The others were in bras and panties. Only Rebecca was in white underwear but her skimpy bra and all but see through panties showing the shadow of a dark bush beneath certainly weren't modest and opaque.

"I told you he'd come," Amanda said. "Men can never resist sex." Then turning to me, "Welcome to our panty party sir."

A laptop was on one of the bedside cabinets. It was showing a porn movie. On the screen a well hung naked guy was standing between the legs of a nude blonde sitting on an office desk with her legs wrapped round him and her big boobs bouncing as he gave it to her for all he was worth. On another cabinet were a few wine bottles and some plastic cups. Amanda poured me a drink. 

"Look, he's already up hard," a girl called out. There was a chorus of giggles and another girl cried "Show us your cock, sir."

That set them all off asking me to show them my penis. I decided to play this for all it was worth. I took my shirt off and tossed it onto one of the beds, accompanied by squeals and excited "ooooooh's" from the girls. I'm well muscled with a hairy chest and a decent tanned six pack. I fingered the zip of my trousers.

"Let's see your tits, girls, before any more comes off."

A moment later all the remaining bras were off, displaying a superb selection of firm young breasts, bouncing, swinging and quivering with the girls' excited movements. Even innocent young Rebecca took her bra off, though she shyly held her hands over her breasts trying to cover them. With breasts as big as hers it needed more than her hands to hide them from my lustful eyes. The big firm round breasts I'd so often ogled through Rebecca's blouse were every bit as appetising as they'd been in my masturbation fantasies.

I slowly unzipped and peeled off my trousers leaving me just in my briefs. My cock was up hard and the girl's eyes were all locked on the thin taut cloth showing the outline of my shaft, my rounded penis head, and my balls in detail, with my dark pubic hair showing at the sides. But for a few excited giggles the girls were silent with anticipation. I decided to keep playing with them.

"No cock before cunt, girls," I said. "Let's see those sexy young pussies."

The girls' breasts bounced and swung as they slipped off their panties, treating me to a voyeur's feast of young pussies ranging from Amanda's smooth shaven mound, through neat landing strips and trimmed tufts to full bushes. Most of the girls dutifully spread their legs wide. Barbara modestly kept her legs crossed at first then seeing the others she spread her legs widest of all to show off her lightly furred pussy. Only Rebecca bashfully held her hand over her full bush of dark cunt hair.

"Now girls," I said, and I saw the grins as the girls waited for my next question. "Who wants to take my pants off and have first feel of my hard up dick?"

There was a pause as the girls looked around at each other. Then Linda called out. 

"Go on Rebecca. You're still a virgin."

That suggestion provoked squeals and giggles of approval. Poor Rebecca looked embarrassed and her face turned red.

"I've seen my elder brother's dick when he had no clothes on," Rebecca said as if in protest.

The girls squealed and laughed in mock shock. "Was he wanking?" one of them called out. I wondered if Rebecca even knew what wanking was. She looked embarrassed and her so innocent face turned red. She was kneeling wide legged on the bed, showing off her magnificent boobs but still holding her hand cupped over her cunt. 

"Go on Rebecca, let him see your cunt. We're all showing him ours," Helen said, swinging her long legs even wider either side of her brown fur ringed slit as an encouragement.

Smiling bashfully Rebecca took her hand away from between her legs and spread her thighs a little wider. Her vagina was pulled open by her spread thighs, showing her pink labia peeping through the full dark bush I'd slid my penis through so many times in my lustful dreams. Inside my briefs my erection strained a notch harder. I stepped in front of Rebecca so the apex of the cone of stretched cloth bulging over my cock was pointing straight at her gently swaying big round breasts.

"Don't be shy Rebecca," I said, trying to encourage her. 

To squeals of encouragement Rebecca leaned forward, hooked her thumbs over my briefs and in a single smooth movement pulled them down round my thighs way below my balls. I let my briefs drop, kicked them aside and spread my legs, thrusting my erect dick at Rebecca. Released from constraint my penis bent up as far as my belly button from my thickly haired balls and swayed stiffly right in front of her. 

The girls cheered and applauded and gathered around to watch innocent Rebecca's first feel of a naked man's cock hard up with lust for her. I shoved my hips forward so my big soft penis head was brushing against Rebecca's belly button. 

It was like showing her my naked dick blew away Rebecca's shyness and embarrassment and awoke all her suppressed lust. In an instant her soft young fingers were all over my shaft and balls, ruffling my pubic hair, between my legs reaching up to my bum and wrapped round my shaft stroking and tugging. Rebecca's breasts were on my cock next. She rubbed her by now aroused nipples along my shaft, tickled my penis head with them and squeezed my shaft between them. She was kissing my naked front all the time. Droplets of pre cum appeared on the tip of my penis.

"Is that semen?" Rebecca asked excitedly.

"No it's pre cum. It means he wants to fuck you." One of the girls replied.

Then Rebecca's tongue was franticly licking my penis and balls while she continued to finger me between my legs. I could have taken any amount of that, but suddenly even better came. Rebecca's lips slid over my penis head and gently squeezed. I felt her tongue massaging my knob, then she slid her soft moist lips tightly and smoothly up and down my rock hard straining shaft so far my coarse pubic hair was tickling her freckled nose. 

While Rebecca explored my sex kit with her fingers, breasts and lips the other girls crowded around us. Girls' naked bodies brushed against me, their hands caressed my bum and thighs, and my hands explored them. Linda, a slightly plump girl with neat dark hair, a big soft bum and big soft breasts was standing next to me. With my hand round her waist I pulled Linda against me so her big soft breasts pressed against my arm and her lightly furred pussy was against my thigh. As I enjoyed Rebecca's lips on my shaft I fondled Linda's breasts and slid my hand down her back to fondle her big young bottom. The other girls squealed excitedly and cried out things like "Suck him off Rebecca!" and "Wank him Linda."

I was fighting not to cum in Rebecca's mouth. Mercifully she stopped and looked up at me with her big innocent brown eyes.

"Was that nice? I saw them doing that in that dirty movie."

Then Rebecca leaned back till she was kneeling with her legs even wider than before. She fingered her cunt and I saw her dark bush was glistening wet with juice.

"Touch me between my legs!" Rebecca gasped, and she reached up to pull my hand down between her legs. "Play with me! Bring me on!" 

"Like when you pleasure yourself Rebecca?" A girl called out. 

Rebecca's face went red but she grinned mischievously, her face telling me that innocent as she was she'd discovered the delights of masturbation.

"Naughty girl Rebecca. I thought you were so innocent," Jane laughed.

"She's not so innocent any more." Helen called from behind me.

"Ohhhhhhh! I'm hot too! I want a finger fuck when you've done Rebecca!" Barbara sighed, pressing her naked body against me.

Even a lecherous bastard like me has some principles. I'd decided I would never take one of my girls' virginity or risk getting a girl pregnant. From what I knew of them and what I'd overheard in corridor conversations I guessed most of them had at least hand jobbed a boy. But I didn't see any harm in treating a girl to a finger fuck. Various women had helped me perfect my skills at fingering a woman to orgasm before I gave her another one with my thrusting shaft. As a teacher I'm always pleased to give one of my pupils the benefits of my expertise. 

Rebecca moaned with sex pleasure and nuzzled her hairy cunt against my hand when I cupped my palm over her juice wetted mound. I started the way I'd found women like, tickling her navel, the inside tops of her spread thighs and her groins before my fingers slowly worked their way toward her pussy. Then I started gently stroking her juice lubed vagina lips rhythmically up and down with my fingertips, getting her firm young breasts quivering with the rhythm of my hand. 

As if one person pleasuring her wasn't enough, Jane got onto the bed behind Rebecca and began to caress Rebecca's bottom and tickle her down between her bum cheeks. Then Jane slid her hand under Rebecca between her spread legs to tease Rebecca's arse, pussy and inner thighs from behind as I fingered Rebecca from in front. 

"I love it when my boyfriend fingers my bum and pussy from behind," Jane said. Rebecca's excited squeals and her face showed she loved it too!

Rebecca's frantic gasps and cries and the way she was squirming against my hand told she was rising to orgasm. She was whimpering with arousal, her pussy was sodden with her juice and her labia were gorged when I slid my fingers to the juice lubed little peak of her clit near the top of her vagina. I started to circle and criss cross it with my fingertip in the time honoured way, with Jane still teasing Rebecca's pussy from behind. 

Rebecca didn't take long to climax. She gasped, her head fell back with her mouth open as if in a silent scream. Her back arched swinging her big breasts up and out as she thrust her pussy against my hand. She cried out, her breasts bounced as she shuddered in the pulses of her orgasm and she rammed her cunt hard against my hand. As her explosive orgasm faded she stayed kneeling wide legged on the bed panting, with my hand between her legs cupped over her throbbing mound.

"Oh that was so good!" Rebecca sobbed.

I was standing with my rock hard straining penis aimed at Rebecca's belly. Linda was still standing next to me fondling my inner tops of my thighs and my balls. Her hand smoothly transitioned to being wrapped round my shaft with her forefinger and thumb closed in a ring just below my cock head. Anticipating what was coming I spread my legs, thrust my hips forward and braced myself for pleasure. Linda began to wank me and the moment she started I realised that she was a past mistress at hand jobbing boys.

"Is that how you do a hand job?" Rebecca asked, still so innocent.

"That's it Rebecca," Barbara said. "My boyfriend's cock is so big I can hardly get my hand round it," she boasted, followed by "but he has no trouble getting it up me."

Linda had lubed her hand with hand cream, and she stroked and tugged my shaft rhythmically full length, squeezing my tight muscle just the way I like. As Linda wanked me I held her against me by her big soft bum and I fondled Rebecca's breasts. Rebecca's eyes followed every move of Linda's pumping hand up and down my cock. 

Linda certainly knew how to make a guy wait, and how to make sure he thoroughly enjoyed the wait! As Linda wanked me girls snuggled against me, and Helen slid her hand right under me from behind to tickle my inner thighs, my arse and my balls. After ages of Linda's fingers giving my cock her expert treatment my cum started to rise. I grunted, gripped her bottom to pull her against me and thrust forward. I guess Linda also felt my cock harden in her hand. She slowed her stroking and took me through deliciously slowly with just her thumb and forefinger circling my shaft till I jerked my load. 

I was gripping Linda's bottom with one hand and another girl's bottom with the other, pulling both girls against me. In my orgasm thrust my cock head poked Into Rebecca's soft belly. Rebecca squealed with glee as my semen splashed over her belly button and trickled down her front to catch in her pubic hair. A strand of semen was dangling from my still half erect penis. To excited squeals from the girls Rebecca leaned forward to lick it off the head of my cock.

"I'm a big girl now," Rebecca said proudly.

By then it was nearly midnight and the effects of the wine were showing. The girls had to be up at eight next morning. I had to be realistic so I urged them all to get to bed. I left them and headed back to my own bed. After all that I dropped straight off to sleep without a wank. But that wasn't the end of it.

I was awakened at seven next morning by the door of my room opening. In the half light I saw it was Amanda. She was in a nightdress ending below her knees, white, modest and opaque as required by St. Matilda's rules. It had been a warm night so I was sleeping naked with just a sheet over me. The moment the door closed behind Amanda she lifted her nightdress off so she was nude: firm young breasts, slim figure, legs, smooth pussy and all. She snuggled under the sheet and wrapped herself around me.

"They're all still asleep," Amanda said, referring to the girls in her dormitory. "We drank all that wine and stayed up till the small hours watching porn." She ran her fingers over my hard up cock and my balls. "You gave it to Rebecca and Linda wanked you. It's my turn now."

I've shagged plenty of women but nothing beats the feel of the smooth soft flesh of a naked teen girl in my hands, her naked body pressed against mine, her long smooth legs stroking my thighs and bum and her light fingers on my rock hard penis and balls. She told me she wasn't a virgin and she was on the pill. For good measure she handed me a condom. As we wrestled passionately on the bed she stretched her supple young body into spread legged, breast thrusting poses for my hands, lips and tongue to explore and excite. And she gave as good as she got! 

I worked her hot with my fingers, then I got my head down between her spread legs to kiss and lick her smooth young mound and vagina lips. She was so excited she clamped my head between her thighs and thrust her pussy against my face for me to take her to the brink of orgasm using just my tongue on her labia and clit.

Wild with arousal she released my head from between her thighs. She spread and folded her legs up exposing her gaping juice glistening vagina in all its glory, and reached up toward me, whimpering. I knelt between her spread legs and lightly fingered her excited pussy as I gently wanked myself to rock hard erection before I pulled the condom onto my cock. I got on top of her as I slid my shaft into her. I was so frantic I started thrusting straight away. 

The condom was so thin it felt like my penis was naked inside her. Her young vagina was deliciously tight and well juiced. Amanda was so aroused and sensitive from me finger and tongue fucking her she came quickly, while my hard hungry cock was still pumping her. She cried out, squirming and thrusting her hips up under me, clawed my back and gripped my thighs with her heels. 

After she'd climaxed her body relaxed under me but she held me tight with her arms and legs. I kept going with firm rhythmic thrusts till I came, thrusting my hips hard up between her spread legs. I don't often use condoms, but filling that condom was as every bit as exquisite as filling her vagina. I lay on top of her briefly, then with my penis still half erect I slid out of her, rolled off her and lay beside her on the narrow bed, panting.

Snuggled against me with her leg over me she told me her boyfriend was no good at sex, that he didn't know how to finger her and he came as soon as he got his dick into her, too quickly to give her an orgasm. She said she'd wanted it from a man who knew what he was doing with women and most of all she wanted to climax while a man's dick was in her fucking her. 
