 Author's Note: This story was composed from the following request that I received via e-mail. All character names are fictitious and all characters are at least 18 years of age. I have placed the e-mail request at the end of the story so as not to tip off the story line. This story could have been placed under any one of several literotica categories.

BACKGROUND AND INTRODUCTION

Charles Kensington lost his wife to a terminal disease when he was 38 years old and for years he did not date any women. Charles traveled internationally extensively and on one of his trip he met a beautiful Japanese girl named Katsumi which in Japanese means victorious beauty. At the time they met Charles was 48 years old and Katsumi was only 24. Charles continued to see her each time he visited Japan and one day he decided he just had to have her for his wife. Katsumi accepted immediately as she was anxious to live in America and she knew Charles was very wealthy.

After the death of his wife Charles had sent his son Blair to a private boy's high school. After graduating from high school Blair went to a prominent small men's college. As a result of his limited exposure to coeds, Blair was not comfortable with girls in general. He had sex a few times and the girls he dated liked playing with his impressive cock but they were never very pretty and Blair was uncomfortable being seen with them. It was the summer following his junior year in college that Blair became infatuated with his Japanese step-mother.

Katsumi was an Asian beauty with a storied past. She had been raised by an aunt and uncle who had abused her sexually. Later she spent time entertaining Japanese business men before being employed by an escort service. Katsumi liked working for the escort service as she got to entertain American and European businessmen. Katsumi liked the larger cocks possessed by the American and European men. She liked playing with the large cocks with the soft mushroom heads and she liked skinning back the uncut cocks and driving the men wild.

She was a very shapely young woman with a 34-22-34 figure. She was 5'4" tall and weighed just over 100 pounds. Her silky hair was jet black and hung over her shoulders. Katsumi was very experienced sexually including anal sex. Most of her anal experience had been with the Japanese men who she entertained but once a Frenchman took her anally and she could just about handle his long thick cock. The pain was extreme and it hurt as much as the time she had lost her anal virginity.

Katsumi had found a job with a technology company and she left the escort business. She worked as a receptionist at the company and it was her stunning looks that had got her the job. She greeted many a foreign businessman most of them were enamored with her beauty. It was there that she met Charles Kensington. Charles had invited her to dinner and after that they went out every time he was in Japan. They eventually had sex together and Charles was overwhelmed with Katsumi's love making skills. When he asked Katsumi to marry him she accepted without hesitation.

Blair didn't get to meet Katsumi until that summer following his junior year in college. He was stunned by her beauty and he was very polite to her but there was no way he could think of her as his mother. She was only four years older than him and she was a knockout. He knew that she married his father for the money and lifestyle but if she made his dad happy Blair was cool with it.

KATSUMI BECOMES A VOYEUR

The Kensington house was a stately residence with a very private well landscaped yard. There was a large swimming pool in the backyard along with an impressive patio complete with all furnishings and a hot tub. Katsumi loved the backyard and she often sunbathed in her bright pink bikini. Her beauty and figure did not go unnoticed by the gardeners and other workers who maintained the property and the house. Everyone kept their distance from her as they knew they would be fired on the spot if Charles ever caught anyone near his trophy wife.

When Blair finally arrived home from college and met his new stepmother he was blown away. He liked what he saw and he was envious of his father. Katsumi liked what she saw too. Although Blair was less experienced with girls than he would have liked; he was a handsome fit young man. He had swam competitively in high school and kept in shape swimming at college. Blair stood at 6'3" and weighed a fit 190 pounds. He had short brown hair, hazel eyes and Katsumi was impressed with him.

Katsumi immediately wondered if Blair was well endowed. Her husband Charles was shorter than his son, not as fit and he possessed an average size cock. It was easy for Katsumi to keep Charles satisfied but she often longed for the large cocks she used to get when she was an escort. Still she was married to Charles and she was not going to risk losing her new found life style. 

In the coming weeks Katsumi and Blair became very close and they were more like friends that stepmother and stepson. Blair loved being out by the pool with Katsumi and seeing her bikini clad body. Blair purposely wore his skimpy Speedo swimsuit that showed off his package, something that did not escape Katsumi's watchful eyes. She liked the fact that Blair wore the skimpy Speedo and she envisioned what was in there. Still the two of them remained on their best behavior and just fantasized about each other. 

Katsumi often wondered why Blair didn't have girls over to the house to use the pool and why he didn't date. He did go out with his buddies from time to time but Katsumi never knew if Blair was having sex with any girls. One morning after Charles left for the office Katsumi peeked in on Blair to see if he was awake. She never expected to see what she did that morning.

Katsumi stared at her stepson who was masturbating that morning. Blair had not seen the bedroom door move as he had his eyes closed. He was stroking his impressive cock fantasizing about Katsumi who of course had no idea that she was the object of Blair's self indulgence. She could not take her eyes off of Blair's cock and she quickly assessed that it had to be close to 9" long and it was very thick. Katsumi knew it was easily more than 5" around and even thicker at the spongy mushroom shaped head. 

Katsumi continued to watch her stepson as his hand flew over his shaft. Then his hand slowed and Katsumi knew he was close to cumming. He stopped stroking his cock and squeezed it tight just before he ejaculated and when he released it, gobs of semen shot into the air. Katsumi watched as six powerful streams shot into the air and landed on Blair's chest and abs. He wasn't done however and three or four smaller amounts shot out and landed on his pubes. Blair then let out a big sigh and let go of his shaft allowing it to rest in a pool of semen on his belly. Even in that state, Blair's cock looked ominous to Katsumi.

She slowly back away from the bedroom undetected and then she realized that her pussy was dripping wet with desire. She rushed back to her own bedroom and got in bed to masturbate and as she did she imagined Blair's big dick filling her womb. Katsumi got off in minutes as she was so turned on. She thought about Blair's cock and she was reminded that it was just the size cock that she liked. Katsumi got out of bed still wearing her robe and went back to Blair's bedroom this time to act like she was waking him up.

When she arrived at Blair's room she heard him grunting and she peeked in again. He was back at it, jerking off his big dick. Katsumi watched Blair cum a second time and it was almost as much as the first. Katsumi got chills thinking about that cock filling her mouth and then her pussy with buckets of semen. From that day thereafter, Katsumi looked in on Blair every morning in the hopes of catching him jerking off.

One morning Blair caught her watching him and instead of being afraid that he had been caught, he decided to give her a show. Blair then took it a step further and let Katsumi know that he was thinking about her as he masturbated. He called out her name as he jerked his cock and when he ejaculated her said, "Oh yeah, take it all Katsumi." She was surprised but pleased to hear her name as his cock fired the powerful cum shots into the air. Katsumi knew that she just had to have that cock in her so she laid out her plan. Charles was traveling next week and although he usually took Katsumi with him on business trips she decided that she would fake being ill.

For the remainder of the week Katsumi would peek in every morning at Blair and catch him masturbating. Blair sensed when she was there and then he got vocal calling out her name as he jerked off. Each morning Blair would jerk off at least twice and spray his body with massive cum shots. Katsumi would also masturbate and fantasize that she was receiving Blair's cum in her mouth and pussy. Katsumi also recalled how she missed the sensation of semen shooting into her rectum but she thought that she would never be able to take Blair's monster in her ass.

THE SEDUCTION 

Charles was disappointed that Katsumi would not be traveling with him to New York as he loved to show her off. He knew that she must really be ill because she loved New York and always looked forward to the trips. Charles would have rescheduled his business trip if his son had not been home. However Katsumi assured Charles that she felt safe with Blair in the house. Charles left early on the following Monday morning and later that morning Katsumi made her move.

Katsumi had no idea that Blair was anticipating her presence to watch him jerk off and he was prepared to give her another show. Blair's balls were aching that morning and he wished that there was some way that he could have sex with his stepmother. However Blair would never come onto Katsumi at the risk of upsetting her and potentially his father. 

Knowing that he was being watched Blair called out in a raspy whisper, "Oh yeah Katsumi, stroke my cock. Get me nice and hard for that tight little pussy of yours."

That's what Katsumi was waiting to hear and wearing only a silk robe over her naked body, she entered Blair's room. Blair saw her and quickly closed his eyes acting as if he didn't know she was there. Katsumi approached the bed and she felt her loins stir with desire. Blair's cock looked even bigger then before and it was so swollen. Katsumi sat on the side of the bed and reached for Blair's cock with her petite hand.

"Oh my God," Blair blurted out when he felt her soft hand on his cock.

"Let Katsumi do that for you, make you feel good. Then you make me feel good too," she whispered.

Blair remained still as a hand other than his own touched his cock. He was about to cum and he could feel the buildup in his testicles. His ball sac was taut and sensitive and his cock throbbed with desire. Katsumi ran her fingers lightly over the thick hard shaft and lightly scraped his testicles with her fingernail. Katsumi smiled as Blair's cock moved of its own accord and lifted away from his belly.

Katsumi was convinced that Blair's cock was longer than 9" and she made a mental note to measure it some other time. Katsumi kept stroking his proud cock keeping it hard. When Katsumi lowered her mouth to his cock, Blair went wild. No one had ever sucked his cock before and he couldn't believe how good it felt in her wet soft mouth. Blair was torn between the taboo act performed by his stepmother and how good it felt to have his cock in her mouth. The cock sucking won out and Blair let Katsumi have her way with him.

It took less time than Katsumi expected before Blair came in her mouth. Stream after stream of semen shot into Katsumi's mouth and she had to swallow as quickly as she could. She drank down every drop of Blair's juice much to the amazement of her stepson. Blair couldn't believe that his stepmother sucked his cock dry. Then Katsumi stood up and dropped her silk robe and Blair stared in awe of the woman who was now naked before him. Blair took in all her curves and he loved what he saw, so much that his cock was hard again in no time. Katsumi never sunbathed in the nude so she had distinct tan lines which emphasized her cute tits and curvy ass.

Katsumi's pussy was throbbing with desire. She would teach Blair later about eating pussy but right then she wanted his big thick meat in her. Katsumi wanted him to be tender and gentle with her. She lay on her back on Blair's bed and opened her legs and arms encouraging Blair to come to her. Blair's inexperience showed as he moved between his stepmother's legs. Katsumi took the big cock and guided it to her pussy and then she controlled the penetration. When Blair felt his cock first enter Katsumi's moist hot cunt he wanted to thrust his cock in all the way. Katsumi had anticipated his uncontrolled lust and she kept her hand on his cock to control him. 

"When you are with me you must be gentle. Take your time and ease into me with your big cock," Katsumi whispered.

Blair's hips bucked almost involuntarily and then Katsumi told him to move slowly when he was in her. Katsumi released her hand on his cock and she gasped as the rest of it filled her womb. Blair moved slowly as he was told and he really got into fucking his stepmother. Katsumi told him to keep his weight on his forearms so that he didn't crush her underneath him. Katsumi was as hot as a firecracker by then and she felt her orgasm building.

"Oh this is going to be so big!" she exclaimed.

Then her orgasm hit her and rocked her body. Katsumi wrapped her legs and arms around Blair and held him tight as her body shook with her release. Katsumi groaned, moaned and thrust her hips at her stepson as the intense orgasm ripped through her. Blair held still as Katsumi fucked herself on his cock. He had never seen any of the girls ever orgasm like that. 

Blair was still rock hard and he instinctively began to move again. He really liked the feel of his cock sliding in and out of Katsumi's moist pussy. He had already cum once that morning but he felt like he could cum all day. He picked up the pace and developed a steady rhythm fucking his stepmother. Katsumi could feel her juices running again and she knew that she was in for another orgasm. As it turned out Katsumi had several orgasms with the last one being mind blowing and she felt she was close to passing out. Blair stayed at her in search of his own release but Katsumi stopped him as she could not take his cock against her clit any longer.

"Blair, you stop for a minute. I turn over," Katsumi begged.

Katsumi got on all fours and Blair just stared at her lovely body as she moved into position. "Do me from behind. Put cock back in pussy and fuck me from behind," she directed.

Blair got behind her and eased his cock back into her pussy. He was thrilled to watch it enter her from the rear and he loved watching it slide in and out of her. Blair then paid attention to Katsumi's ass and he liked her curvy round buttocks. He caressed her buns as he fucked her and he liked the way they jiggled when he entered her. Blair looked at Katsumi's nether hole and had the urge to touch it but he didn't dare. He felt like it was dirty to touch her there and besides she might not like it. The sight of Katsumi's gorgeous ass set him off again and he flooded her womb with his seed. Blair thrust into his stepmother and shot streams of cum deep into her pussy. Katsumi felt the discharge and the force of the semen in her.

Blair stayed behind her with his cock in her pussy and he showed no signs of going soft. He stroked her buttocks as he fucked her again. After cumming a third time his cock finally softened and slipped from her pussy. Blair stared at her pussy and watched as some of his semen trickled out and ran down Katsumi's inner thighs. Katsumi rolled over on her back and held her arms out to Blair who collapsed along side her. Katsumi held her step son tenderly and caressed his face.

"You make Katsumi very happy today. You are good lover and I will teach you many more ways to please Katsumi," she whispered.

"What about my father, your husband?" Blair asked.

"No tell him. This be our secret. We enjoy each other. Don't worry about father, I will keep him happy too," Katsumi replied.

"This enough for morning, we get washed now and make more love tonight," Katsumi said as she swung her shapely legs out of bed.

The two of them showered separately, got dressed and then ate a light breakfast. It was a beautiful day so they decided to sit on the patio drinking tea and coffee and looking at the newspaper. After lunch they sat by the swimming pool sunbathing and taking an occasional dip in the pool. Blair was already recovering from his three ejaculations that morning and he was looking forward to sleeping with Katsumi that night.

A WEEK OF INCREDIBLE SEX

That evening Katsumi came to Blair's bed and they made love for hours before an exhausted Katsumi called a halt to their activities. She slept with Blair in his bed that night and in the morning Blair was back at his stepmother as he could not get enough of the beautiful Japanese woman. Katsumi would teach Blair many things that week about sex and she would also do something that she never thought herself capable of doing.

Katsumi took control of Blair that Tuesday evening as she sensed that his initial excitement had subsided. Now it was time to teach him more things to do to please a woman. Katsumi would continue enjoy Blair's cock but she would also use him in other ways. The first lesson would be for Blair to learn to eat pussy.

"Now I am going to teach you how to eat pussy, Blair," Katsumi announced.

Katsumi stretched out on her bed and spread her legs. Her hands went down to her pussy and she stroked her quim and opened it for Blair to see. Blair just stared at her in all her beauty lying on the bed. Her black silky hair spread across the bed, her firm tits and hard nipples stuck up in the air and her voluptuous body with the tan lines was splayed before him. Katsumi held her arms open to him and then guided him to her body as he leaned in toward her.

Katsumi coached him through every move of his first oral sex experience. Blair buried his tongue in Katsumi's pussy shoving it in as if he was fucking her. Katsumi directed the action and she soon had him nibbling on her clit while he fingered her pussy. Blair was really getting into the action particularly because of the way he had Katsumi squirming and tossing on the bed. Katsumi moved her legs over Blair's shoulders and pulled his head closer to her pussy. Blair held on to Katsumi shapely buttocks and squeezed and fondled her firm ass cheeks as he ate her pussy.

"Oh, so good, you so good, oh!" Katsumi cried out.

Blair continued to eat her pussy as he held her ass tightly in his hands. He then moved his hands up to her tits and found her hard nipples. Blair massaged her boobs and twirled her nipples in his fingertips as he continued to munch on her pussy and clit. Katsumi was tossing and thrusting her pussy into Blair's face and calling for him to eat her. Katsumi stiffened and gasped aloud as she came on Blair's face. Blair held on to her with his mouth glued to her cunt. He felt the waves of orgasm rock Katsumi's body and his face was flooded with her cunt juice. Katsumi kept humping his face until the last of her orgasms passed and she flopped back on the bed.

Blair slipped his finger from her pussy and his hands found her breasts again. He stroked her tits and nipples as he gently licked her pussy dry of all her juices. Blair finished eating her and then sat up kneeling between Katsumi legs. Katsumi decided it was time to teach Blair about anal love making and she thought to use a bath to introduce him to her ass. Katsumi did not know that Blair was already infatuated with her ass; he just didn't know what to do about it. He would soon learn.
