 Prologue

16 years ago

Samantha Raney took a deep breath and followed her DSS caseworker into the group home. She shoved her fear deep down and told herself over and over again that this would be a better life, even if she was passed around the system. Her mother died from a drug overdose a year ago and left her in the hands of her junkie boyfriend, Earl. Her mother was never going to win mother of the year, but at least she made sure that Sam had something to eat and clean clothes to wear. Earl was always gone and Sam had to fend for herself, which was difficult since no one was going to give an eight year old a job. She ate as well as she could on the free lunches at school and did her best to make it through the weekends without shoplifting a piece of fruit here and there. She finally reached her wits end and turned herself into the Department of Social Services.

As she stepped through the doors, the noise assaulted her first. She took in the drab but fairly clean living area and scrunched up her face at the smell of feet. A pair of little boys who looked to be about five were fighting over which cartoon to watch and a pair of pre-teen girls were chasing each other around the room squealing and laughing.

Sam sighed and stood quietly while her caseworker introduced her to Ms. Smith, the home director. She was shown her bed, which was in a large room with about 8 other girls. She immediately curled up with a book and tried to block out some of the noise.

About a month later, she walked into the living area and found that the incessant noise was louder than usual.

The majority of it was coming from a boy of about 10 who was yelling at a harried, defeated looking Ms. Smith about it not being his turn to wash dishes.

"This is bullshit! I shouldn't have to wash fucking dishes or sweep floors or any other chores you want to throw at me. You people get paid to work in this hell-hole."

"Derrick Watts, you watch your language, young man! You know that the chores are rotated. That's just how things work. If you don't watch it, you're going to get moved again, and there aren't many places left. Do you want to end up some place where they keep you sedated and make you live in isolation?"

"It would damn well be better than this shit!"

Sam had heard enough. She marched over to Derrick and yanked him away from Ms. Smith.

"Let's go," she said fiercely.

*

Derrick was flabbergasted and didn't resist when she dragged him in the direction of the kitchen.

"I'll wash, you dry," the little girl said.

He stood frozen for a moment before his speech came back to him.

"Who are you?"

"Samantha Raney," she said, holding out a now-soapy hand, "but you can call me Sam. I'm 8."

Derrick looked down into bright green eyes and wondered why such a fierce little thing was in a place like this. At her look at the dishes and then back at him, he automatically started drying the dishes as she passed them over. He didn't know why he was following her lead...he didn't follow anyone's lead, but there was just something about her.

"I'm Derrick."

"Yes, I gathered that from your lovely conversation with poor Ms. Smith, as well as every other yelling match you've had with just about all of the adults here."

Derrick actually felt a pang of guilt and looked over his shoulder to find Ms. Smith. Ms. Smith was watching and actually smiling. A warm feeling started filling him up. He was always the bully. That was his insurance that someone actually saw him. Maybe that was the wrong tact.

He looked down into Sam's green eyes and gave her a slight smile. She grinned back and bumped his hip with hers.

*

It wasn't an instant transformation, of course. Derrick's bullying tendencies still came out and Sam would have to reign him back in, except when he was protecting Sam herself, which he did need to do occasionally.

The years passed and Derrick was never moved again and Sam requested not to be moved into a foster home. It worked for both of them. At 18, he went to a local community college and got his own apartment. Sam spent almost all of her time there. They loved each other like brother and sister and supported each other in all things. When she turned 18, she moved in with him and started college herself. If their feelings for each other started to change, neither mentioned it.

Chapter 1

Present Day

"Ugh," Sam groaned as she walked in the door at 3am on Saturday morning from Friday night's shift. Her feet were killing her after bar-tending for eight hours at club Jade, a local GLBT friendly hang out. She collapsed on the couch and reached for the TV remote.

She heard the telltale creak of Derrick's door before he appeared, yawning and scratching his stomach. Derrick's appearance had changed drastically since they were kids. He had funneled his bad-boy tendencies into his appearance and was now covered in tats and piercings. Body art was as far as it went though, and was quite at odds with his job as an English professor at a local university.

"Long night, Sammy?" he asked before making her scoot over so he could stretch out next to her on the couch. She immediately cuddled into his embrace and sighed.

"Yep. It was packed in there tonight and the new guy quit, so I was by myself."

"Asshole. Meet any hot bi-guys or girls?"

She elbowed him and giggled. "Meet them? Yes. Was I interested in any of them? No."

"Where's Annie tonight?" she asked. Annie was Derrick's girlfriend of about six months. Unfortunately, Sam's tactile relationship with Derrick scared off potential partners for the both of them. Annie seemed to be the exception though.

"I'm right here," Annie replied as she padded into the living room and launched herself right on top of Derrick and Sam. At no more than five feet tall and 100 pounds, Annie was a pixie personified. She accepted Derrick's relationship with Sam for what it was...two best friends that grew up together who were like brother and sister. She occasionally detected undercurrents of something more serious, but didn't feel threatened. She loved Sam and enjoyed spending time with her and Derrick together. In fact, she seemed to be developing feelings for Sam on her own.

She nuzzled into Sam's neck and playfully licked her. "Mmm, beer."

"Ugh, that reminds me. A very drunk twink tried to come behind the bar and walked smack into me with a full glass. I need a shower." She wriggled out from beneath the warm bodies. "Be good, you two!"

Derrick snuggled with Annie and threw a throw pillow at Sam. "Go away," he said teasingly.

Annie started nibbling on Derrick's ear and slipped her fingers into his boxers, lightly teasing his balls.

"Mmm, it's like that, is it?" Derrick ran his hand up her tiny body and tweaked a nipple before sneaking into her panties and rubbing lightly over her clit. "Damn, baby, you're wet already. Did laying on top of Sammy turn you on?"

She wriggled and thrust her hips into his hand and took his lips to avoid answering. Their tongues twined together and Derrick entered her with two fingers, pegging her g-spot immediately. She whimpered and rubbed against his erection with her hip, making him groan.

"You want some of that, baby?" He continued to torment her with his fingers as her hips bucked into his hand.

"Please," she said with a groan, feeling her orgasm approaching.

Derrick quickly removed her panties and his boxers and moved so that he was over Annie, looking into her eyes. He teased her clit with the head of his cock and grinned when she wrapped her legs around his hips and squeezed with a surprising amount of strength, forcing him into her channel.

He groaned and dropped his head to her neck, licking and biting the soft skin he found there. He started thrusting slowly, being sure to grind into Annie's clit every time he bottomed out.

Annie's whimpers turned into grunts and she feverishly moved with him, fucking herself onto his cock. "Come on, baby. Give it to me. You're gonna' make me come and you've gotta' go first." He reached back and teased a finger into her anus while biting her just below her left ear. Annie's entire body stiffened and she screamed silently as spasms wracked her body.

Derrick slammed into her twice more and came with a long, deep groan.

Neither realized that the shower hadn't started yet.

*

Sam's room was adjacent to the living room and she could hear everything through the paper-thin walls. She panted from her own orgasm as she heard Derrick come, wishing she could find someone to connect with. Her BOB wasn't the best companion. At least she always had plenty of sound-track to get off to.

Chapter 2

The following weekend, Annie used her key to enter Derrick and Sam's apartment. "Hello?" she called.

"In here," Sam's voice called from the kitchen.

Annie wandered in to find Sam cutting veggies for a salad, wearing nothing but panties and a bra.

"Mmm," she said, slapping her hand over hear mouth when she realized what had escaped.

"I've got enough for two; want some?"

Annie sighed with relief internally, realizing that Sam thought she was talking about the salad.

"Ooh, yes please."

"You're so lucky to be so tiny. No matter what I do, I can't get rid of these damn hips."

Annie ran her gaze along Sam's body. "Sam, you're gorgeous. Your hair is long and shiny, you have incredible curves that I would kill for, a flat stomach and eyes that anyone would love to get lost in."

Sam sighed, holding out a piece of yellow pepper. "You're a sweetheart. You're the gorgeous one, though."

Annie snorted. "Please, I'm flat as a board in the front and back. I have to look up to everyone and will be carded until the end of time."

Annie took the offered pepper and popped it into her mouth before dragging over a chair and climbing up onto it and then the counter to reach the bag of Oreo's that Sam had put out of her own reach on top of the cupboards.

"Dammit, Annie, I could have gotten those for you."

"Eh, such is my life. I'm part spider monkey."

She climbed back down, sat on the counter and took a bite out of the heavenly chocolate and cream cookie. "Want some?"

"No, that's why I put them where I couldn't reach them. And damn you for asking," she replied with a smile.

"Here, just a little taste."

She surprised Sam by pulling her forward and pressing her lips to Sam's. Sam gasped and stiffened.

"Annie," she whispered, "what are you doing?"

Annie looked into Sam's eyes and then focused back on her lips. She slowly leaned in again, giving Sam a chance to pull away.

*

Sam's head was full of contradiction. On one hand, Annie was so delicious and sweet that she would do anything for another taste. On the other hand, this was Derrick's girlfriend and most likely his ONE.

She must have taken too long to try to decide because Annie's lips were again on hers and this time, her lips were being laved by a soft tongue.

Sam groaned and opened her mouth, losing herself in Annie's sweet flavor. She ran her hands up Annie's back and into her chin-length, dark hair, tugging gently. She nipped at Annie's lips and ran her thumbs along soft cheeks. Annie was making the sweetest whimpering sounds and Sam was about to lose her mind. She felt her clit throbbing in her panties and she pulled Annie off of the counter, her hands supporting the pert little ass as Annie's legs wrapped around her waist.

"Honey, I'm ho..whoa!"

Sam tore her mouth away from Annie's and almost dropped her but lowered her gently at the last second. She covered her face with shaking hands and felt the tears start to pour out. "Derrick, I'm so, so sorry. It will never happen again. Oh my god." She ran frantically to her room, threw on clothes that she could wear to work that night and ran out the door. A part of her knew that she was being irrational, but the bigger part was terrified that she had just fucked up the best thing in her life.

She drove recklessly to her friend Ben's house and pounded on the door.

Chapter 3

Derrick stood speechless in the kitchen, his mind running rampant. He walked over to the kitchen table and sat down heavily.

"Derrick?" Annie asked hesitantly.

He looked into Annie's tear-filled eyes and tried to work out what he was feeling. He didn't think it was jealousy. He was aroused, sure, but what male wouldn't be?

"Why, Annie?"

Annie slid into his lap and he didn't resist.

"Derrick, what do you feel for Sam?"

"How can you even ask me that, after everything?"

Annie rolled her eyes. "This is not jealous Annie asking. I guess I'll start by telling you how I feel about Sam. Do you remember last night when you asked me if my laying on top of Sam made me wet?"

Derrick nodded. "I wasn't being seri..."

Annie stopped him with a hand over his mouth. "The answer is yes. But it wasn't just Sam. It was you and Sam. I know what your relationship is with her and I respect and admire it. This isn't just sexual. I've started to feel about Sam the way I feel about you."

"So, what are you suggesting?"

"We, and by we, I mean you, Sam and I, are already best friends. We're already affectionate. I want to be with both of you. Unless I'm wrong and you aren't in love with Sam as well. You think you hide it, but I see the way you look at her. I see how you smell her hair and bury your face into her neck."

Derrick started to shake and put his head on her shoulder. "How long have you known?"

She grinned at him. "Since the beginning."

"But why..."

Annie cut him off. "Because you're worth it. You're both worth it."

"What if it doesn't work out? I'll lose both of you."

"It will work out. Think about how we are when we're all together. We have more fun and never run out of things to talk about. She makes us complete."

Derrick felt the hope start to well up in his chest. He'd been hiding his feelings for Sam since he was about 16. She meant more to him than anything else in the world and thought that being her friend was the safest way to keep her in his life forever.

"How do we convince Sam?"

"We show her," Annie replied with an impish grin.

*

Ben Bradley opened the door to a nearly hysterical Sam. "Oh my god, Sugar, what happened?"

Ben's partner, Alex, walked up behind him and gasped. Neither had ever seen Sam cry. Sam was everyone's rock. Alex, being the big muscle-man that he was, scooped Sam into his arms and walked her to the couch, where he sat her between them.

"Sam, talk to me."

"It's over. I can't believe after everything, it's over." Tears and snot were running down her face and Ben motioned Alex to get her some water and tissues.

"I know it's hard right now, but I need you to try to take a deep breath and tell me everything."

Alex returned and wiped Sam's face before giving her a hand-full of tissues. Sam took a deep, sobbing breath and a sip of water.

"You guys have met Annie, right?"

"Yes, she's a sweetheart."

"I kissed her tonight, and Derrick walked in. Well, she kissed me, but that's beside the point because I didn't stop her."

Ben looked knowingly at Alex. "How was the kiss?"

"It was mind-blowing. Her lips were so soft and she was so responsive...wait, what does that have to do with anything?"

"How did Derrick react?" Alex asked.

Sam paused. "I don't know. I ran out."

"Sweetie, how long have you been in love with Derrick?"

"Why are you guys asking these questions? I kissed his girlfriend, hell, his almost-fiance!"

"Bear with us, sweetie. How long have you been in love with Derrick?"

Sam let out a frustrating sigh. "I don't know, since I was a teenager."

"And why didn't you ever tell him?" Alex asked.

"What are the chances that we would have lasted? We've been best friends for more than two thirds of my life. Nothing, and I mean nothing is worth taking a chance on destroying that."

"And how do you feel about Annie?" Ben asked.

Sam hiccuped. "No one has ever made me more serious about exploring my bi-sexuality. She's everything I look for in a woman. She's so special and she and Derrick deserve each other."

"Honey, have you ever seen how Derrick looks at you?"

"What do you mean?"

"I think Derrick feels the same way about you." Alex said gently.

Sam growled. "But where does that leave Annie?"

Ben sighed and pushed the hair out of her face. "You'll just have to talk to them about that."

"So, you don't think it's over?"

"No, sweetie, I think you completely overreacted and you need to talk to them. And by overreacted, I mean jumped off the deep end."

She sniffled and laughed. "I guess that was pretty out of character and hormonal, wasn't it?"

Alex laughed his deep laugh. "Oh yeah, you rivaled one of Ben's tantrums with that one."

"Oh shut up, you!" Ben said, endearingly.

"Now, you get all dolled up for work and we'll go in with you. We were planning on heading to Jade tonight anyway. We'll dance with you on your break. And Sam, you deserve them, too."

"Thanks, guys, I love you."

"We love you too, sugar." Ben and Alex both kissed her on the cheek and swatted her butt as she left the couch.

Chapter 4

"Are you sure about this?" Derrick asked Annie as she put the finishing touches on her sparkly makeup.

"Yep, we both love her and we're going to get her."

Derrick took a deep breath and refused to hope too much. "Okay, let's go."

Annie ran her hand over Derrick's ass. "All of the boys are going to want to eat you up in your leather pants."

Derrick snorted out a laugh. "They'll have to get in line, then."

The drive to club Jade was filled with tension and anticipation.

The bouncer waived them to the front of the line and through the doors with a wink. Sam was loved by everyone and they received special treatment by extension.

The music was throbbing through the club and it was packed. Derrick looked for Sam behind the bar, but found Ben instead. Ben caught his eye, winked and tilted his head, looking in Sam's direction.

Sam's eyes were closed and Alex gyrated behind her with his hands on her hips. A bolt of jealousy shot through Derricks gut. For one thing, Alex was one hundred percent gay and for another, Derrick had never allowed the jealousy to come to the surface before. He felt shaken up and out of his comfort zone.

Alex made eye contact with him and smiled. He waved Derrick over with his head and smoothly transferred Sam's arms from around his own neck to Derrick's.

For the first time, Derrick truly reveled in the press of his body to Sam's. He tipped his head down and spoke directly into her ear."

"Hey, Sammy." He punctuated this by running his hands over her perfect hips and grinding his erection into her ass.

He felt Sam stiffen. "Just dance," he whispered. He pushed her hair aside and nuzzled her neck. He felt her hands begin to massage his scalp and couldn't help but groan.

The song changed to something more slow and sultry and he gently turned her around and put her arms back around his neck. He noticed her red eyes and kissed each one. He gently slipped his hands under the back of her shirt to feel her warm skin and nuzzled her temple.

"Why?" he heard her ask.

"Why what?"

"Why are you here? Why are you doing this? Where's Annie?"

He looked directly into her big, green eyes. "I'm here because you ran out of the house. I'm doing this because Annie finally brought to my attention that I've had deep feelings, more than brotherly feelings, for you, for years. And Annie is over there waiting for us to make up before she comes over."

"What if it doesn't work?"

"What if what doesn't work?" He knew exactly what she was asking, but wanted to hear her take on things.

"Whatever we're doing. What if it doesn't work?"

"If, and that's a huge if, whatever we decide to do doesn't work, we were friends first and will be always."
