 At the beginning of a weekend with their parents out of town, which was two weeks after twin sisters Lynn and Kay became lovers when Lynn blackmailed her twin with a sex tape of her and boyfriend Brad in the living room and kitchen, they were sunbathing nude after having oiled and made love to each other. It was their daily ritual that kept them sexually satisfied and free of tan lines, and on this day as Lynn used her hand to finger fuck her sister's sweet little cunt while asking the question she had been dying to ask for the longest time.

"Kay, sweetheart, when do you think you'll tell Brad about us so I can have my turn with him? I would like to have a taste from the source rather than just the load of cum you let him deposit in your pussy and ass for me to taste. And maybe if he's okay with it we can have a nice group outing."

Kay was surprised at this question and answered, "That's sounds interesting. Let me think about how to ask him the next time I see him. I don't want to say outright that it's you who wants him, because I don't want to scare him away."

Lynn smiled and already had an idea that she needed to give more thought, but in the meantime she leaned over and gave Kay a deep kiss before rolling over and straddling her in a 69 as they ate each other to a shattering orgasm. Kay then pushed her off because she had to get ready for her date with Brad, which left Lynn to her own devices and imagination, which included dreaming of being fucked by Brad and Kay in a threesome that brought her to an orgasm which led to falling asleep in the hot sun. 

An hour later, Brad knocked at the door but got no answer so decided to open the door and inside saw a nude body on the deck and believed it to by Kay, and so decided to surprise her for a nice quickie before going to dinner. He undressed to release his hard cock and walked outside to stand over her and startle her but said, "Don't stop on my account, baby. I'm just here to watch."

Lynn stayed still for a moment, conflicted over whether or not to tell him that she wasn't Kay, but as she watched him stroking his large cock she could resist and resumed finger fucking her pussy while licking her lips and moaning, "Yes Brad, fuck my pussy with that big cock of yours! Please, lover, cum inside my pussy as I cum too!" Her hand went faster and faster while he stroked his cock in time as they both got closer and closer and finally went over the edge as her body arched off the lounger while he aimed towards her and covered her sweating, oiled, and exerted body with his cum. And she noticed that he was still hard and was willing to let him fuck her because she was so turned on that when she removed her hand she saw his face turn from erotic to shocked.

"Oh, shit! Lynn? Why the hell didn't you tell me it was you and not Kay? She can't find out about this so don't say anything!" And with that he ran inside and Lynn just laid there in post-orgasmic bliss as she scooped up his cum and licked it from her, wondering what gave her away. And looking down she saw her completely shaved pussy that she knew was the reason, and just started laughing as she laid back and started masturbating again remembering how magnificent Brad's cock was up close and how she was going to tell Lynn about her sudden realization about Brad, and what it was going to do to their relationship.

Brad slammed the door shut and threw on his clothes, hoping that Kay didn't notice anything tonight and that Lynn didn't say anything. Damn she was sexy, he thought, as he remembered every inch of her body as if it were Kay, which it somewhat was since they were twins. And if she hadn't been shaved, he would've fucked Lynn and probably gotten caught, so he was lucky that she was and hopefully Kay wouldn't find out. Moments later, he was brought out of his memory by the sound of Kay coming downstairs, and looked up to see her standing in front of him looking sexy as hell in a strapless black cocktail dress, black stockings, and black fuck me heels which was what he wanted to do to her right over the table. But he knew she wouldn't with Lynn right outside, so he went up to her and gave her a long, deep kiss and escorted her out to his car.

Kay knew the dress would get him and after seeing how sexy he looked standing there she was just about to say forget about dinner and they should just stay in for the night, but she didn't want Lynn to get any ideas and spoil everything. Plus, Kay wanted her relationship with Brad to be about more than just sex, so they went out, but as the night went on she noticed something odd about him. The amorousness he showed in the kitchen started waning all night as she felt like he was someone else who was less interested in her and wouldn't make much eye or physical contact, unlike other times when he would almost be possessive and pay compliments all the time. When he brought her home, he didn't want to sleep with her for the first time ever, saying he was tired and went home with barely more than a kiss on the cheek.

Inside, Kay found Lynn in a much more amorous mood, but because of what happened with Brad didn't want sex either. In her room Kay just dropped her clothes and lay in bed looking up at the ceiling and wondering what happened tonight. Then a light went on in her head and she stormed into Lynn's room and solo session with a large dildo.

"What the hell did you do to my boyfriend!?" she yelled at Lynn.

"What do you mean? I didn't do anything to him," Lynn responded, backing into a corner of her bed out of range of her sister's anger, fearing that Brad told her.

"He wasn't himself tonight, as if he was ashamed of something. I couldn't figure it out until I just remembered what I had heard before I came downstairs to find him looking all flustered in the kitchen. I heard you moaning and yelling his name, and then a separate lower moan that I didn't remember until now. Did you fuck him?"

Lynn realized that now was the time to tell Kay what happened, and after she did her twin sat on the bed in shock.

"So that's why he was acting strange; he felt ashamed and felt that he betrayed me. Why didn't you tell him who you really were, instead of leading him on?"

"You know how I am. I was really turned on, his gloriously naked cock was sticking out not five feet away from me, and it got away from me and I was hoping that he would fuck me."

Kay looked at her suspiciously and asked, "So why didn't he?"

Lynn spread her legs and pointed to her shaved pussy, which sent Kay into a fit of hysterics.

"What did he do when he saw that you were bald as a baby's bottom?"

"He got this horrified look, emphatically told me that you should never know that it happened, and then ran inside as I got myself off thinking about a few things."

"And what were those things?"

"I replayed how glorious he looked naked and how lucky you are. Plus, he is madly in love with you, and I think you feel the same way about him. Can you tell me I'm wrong?"

Kay sat there, thinking about what Lynn said and came to the realization that she was right about being in love with Brad. And she also knew that if he was in love with her he would accept Lynn in that way also, which he probably did considering what had happened and he was trying to avoid telling Kay so she wouldn't be hurt. But Kay knew that he was probably attracted to Lynn, and so decided on what to do, and went back to her room without telling her sister her plans about how to finally get out of the subterfuge she had been giving to Brad.

The next morning, Brad came over after receiving a phone call from Kay, and as he sat sheepishly on one end of the couch with Lynn on the other, both of them were focused not on each other but Kay, who was standing only a few feet away from them.

"Now listen, this morning is where we are going to clear up a few things between the three of us. Brad, I know about what happened yesterday before we went to dinner," and as he looked at Lynn to blame her for telling Kay he was interrupted by her. "No, Lynn didn't tell me. At least not voluntarily. I put together the pieces and forced her to tell me everything."

"Kay, I don't know what to say except I'm sorry and..." he stammered out, trying to explain things from his point of view, but she cut him off.

Kay knelt in front of him and put her hands on his knees and looked into his eyes. "You don't need to explain things. Stop me if I'm wrong, but after I told Lynn everything that happened between us last night, and then she told me what had happened, I realized that apparently you were trying to protect me from what happened. And then she told me something else, which I want to ask you: Brad, I'm pretty sure that I'm in love with you. Do you feel the same way?"

And as she waited for his answer, Brad himself came to the realization that he was and instead of telling her in words, he leaned down and deeply kissed her longer than any other time before. And when he pulled away, he asked her, "Does that answer your question?" She smiled and then knew that it was finally time to lay everything on the line before their relationship went any farther, and sat on the couch between him and Lynn and held both of their hands as she surged forward.

"Brad, I have something to tell, and I might as well tell you now so you can decide where our relationship is going from here. You see, shortly after we started seeing each other, Lynn and I became lovers. And since I love you both, I was hoping you might want to go along with Lynn's suggestion and join us?"

This last statement came as a completely unexpected blow, and he could only utter one word after staring at both of the attractive women smiling in front of him as Kay still held both of their hands: "Bullshit." This caused the two women to look at each other and Kay released her handhold of them and turned to Lynn and enveloped her in a deep, sexual French kiss that went on for over a minute.

When they separated from their kiss, both women looked at Brad to see his reaction, which was slack jawed and unresponsive for a very long time. Eventually Brad snapped out of his trance and pulled Kay to him to deeply kiss her, then pulled Lynn down and did the same with her, signaling that he was game and the three of them wasted no time and went up to Kay's bedroom. Here they stripped nude and Lynn was now able to have an up close and extended look at Brad's strong body without fear of reprisals from being discovered by Kay, while Brad was able to look at their bodies and see how similar they were to each other. Kay and Lynn then brought Brad forward and turned to each other and embraced in a kiss, which forced his cock to be crushed between their breasts while their hands, along with Brad's, grabbed onto each other's ass and the twins moved back and forth to jack off Brad until he came into their jiggling flesh.

When Brad was finished and he was able to pull out of them, he sat on the bed and watched the girls pull away from each other to show their breasts covered with strands of his sticky white cum, which they proceeded to bend over and lick each other's bodies clean. They then turned to Brad and his re-hardening cock and slid up on either side of him and the three of them took turns kissing each other while the girls slowly stroked him while he fingered their wet, tight pussies from behind. And as all three of them nearest their cresting point, they decided to slow down, since they had all the time they needed without the rush and didn't want to finish too soon. To do this, they moved into a group shower and had fun using the soap in every crack and crevice of each other's bodies, and keeping each other on edge as the girls stroked his cock with both their hands and then single and double tit fucking him, all while each girl he enjoyed being finger fucked in her tight pussy and even tighter ass by both Brad and her twin either singly or in a double team.

The three of them stayed in the shower for so long that the hot water ran out, and when they all got a large dose of cold water they knew it was time to dry off and hit the bed again to let Brad finally fuck them together, as well as watch the girls have each other. This last prospect excited him just as much as wanting to fuck Lynn, so he leaned back against the headboard and stroked his cock while telling them what he wanted.

"After everything that's happened tonight, I can't get the image of you two fucking out of my head. So before I fuck either one of you, I want to watch you with each other," to which the girls happily acceded to his wishes.

They started out by lying on the bed side by side with their heads at the far end and making out while they began rubbing, squeezing, and pinching each other's breasts, causing each other to moan in painful pleasure. Soon their hands began moving downwards as their legs spread open to reveal their wet cunts ready for each other, and as soon as their hands reached them, they immediately began fingering each other while moaning and sucking on and intertwining their silky tongues. They were so hot at this point, with Brad watching making it even hotter, that they soon exploded in orgasm together, which was also too much for Brad and he got to his knees and blew his load to cover Lynn's body. Kay immediately pounced on Brad's cock to lick him clean before moving over to lick up every drop off Lynn and move up to share with her sister.

When they finished sharing, Brad was against the headboard again trying to get hard again, so they decided to give him a little help as Lynn lay on her back and Kay lowered herself onto her twin and they proceeded to devour each other's pussy until they screamed in a dual orgasm. Then, holding onto each other around their waists, they rolled over until their positions were switched with Lynn on top and they feasted again until rewarded with another happy pussy meal with each other's special sauce. When Kay rolled off Lynn, they found themselves confronted by Brad's hard cock that looked ready to burst and they decided to have pity on him.

"All right Lynn, I guess it's time Brad got in on the action. And since it was your idea to tell him about us and get him in a threesome, I guess it's only fair that you lay back and let him rock your world with his cock. I'll be happy enough to watch and clean up the slushy combo when you guys are done."

Brad's cock twitched in anticipation as he heard this, since he was itching to finally fuck the twin beauty of his girlfriend, and now as she lay spread before him Brad aimed himself towards her slick pussy. He paused at her opening and when she smiled at him he let himself go and dropped on top of her body so that his entire shaft fully impaled her and he groaned as she screamed loudly at his full and sudden penetration. As Lynn lay there absorbing his cock for the first time, he raised himself off her on his arms and then started rocking his hips as he slowly started fucking her with long, deep strokes that soon had them both moaning in pleasure. Soon he started to increase his tempo until they were both rutting hard and fast until he suddenly froze, and with a low groan shot his seed into her womb again and again until he was empty and rolled off her. Lynn couldn't move but was pleasantly surprised when her legs were then forced open and his cock was replaced by Kay's tongue and lips that cleaned out Lynn, which was shared between the two women in a long, deep kiss.

When they separated, the twins found Brad had fallen asleep due to all the exertion they had put him through, and pulled a blanket over the three of them for the night with Kay between Brad and Lynn as the girls fell asleep in the same way. When they woke, the morning sun was streaming through the windows and Kay and Lynn were having their pussies alternately licked and fingered by a reenergized Brad who now had a raging hard on and when they woke he immediately moved over and began to make love to Kay, as Lynn placed her pussy over her sister's face and began making out with Brad as they made a love triangle that soon brought them all to a climax together, and Lynn leaned down to clean Brad's cock and Kay's pussy of their combined juices. The three of them then moved downstairs to the outside shower, where Brad took advantage of the slick soap and water to bend each girl over and fuck her in the ass before they all dried off, oiled each other, and did some sun tanning.

The sex filled weekend continued non-stop until about ten minutes before Kay and Lynn's parents returned the next day, and for the rest of the summer Lynn and Kay continued as lovers, as did Brad with both girls either together or with just one at a time. But in the end, they all loved each other and had as much fun as they could for as long as they could until college in the fall beckoned and they all went away, rekindling when they could see each other.