 After the successful close of some business in Destin, followed by a failed attempt at relaxation, I was happy to return home to Sarasota. The intended post project vacation ended just shy of two days with a bizarre and troubling conclusion and under the circumstances I was glad to be back at work.

I had left several messages for Kay James, a new acquaintance of mine and the daughter of two dear and recently deceased friends. At the time we met, she had expressed a desire to winter here in Florid. After some consideration, I thought that I may have come up with an equitable solution for her. 

Since I now own a fine furnished second home that I don't live in, and the fact she's a real fox, well you get the picture. Anyway, I'm at my office desk going over some future projects when my cell rang and the caller ID indicated Boston MA. Knowing that it had to be her calling, I answered: "Swiftt." Pretending to be both super busy and of course, very important.

"Peter!" ... Kay James ... How are you? Is this a good time?" Her voice rang in all happy and clear with those questions.

"Real good Kay and I'm doing great." I answered: "Listen, I am glad you got back with me, I've been thinking about you ... I remember you telling me that you might be interested in wintering here and since your parents left their home to me I was wondering if you might want to stay there the months that you intend to be down." I offered.

"Well Peter, Father had told me just prior to his death that you did a lot of fine upgrades on it. I haven't seen or been in it for years, let me ask you ... What were you thinking price wise?" She questioned.

"How about the cost of the difference in electric and water that I'm billed for the months that you are down here?" I asked.

"You can't be serious!" She replied: "During the desirable winter season, with that home's size, location, the in ground pool and spa ... You should be able to get well over a hundred times that all winter long!" She exclaimed: "I know, because I have been looking in that area." She explained.

"Kay, there's a couple of things involved here. One ... I'm sure that your folks didn't leave it to me to rent or lease out. They thought far too much of their home, the contents and their neighbors for that. And two ... You're their daughter. I know that you will keep it up and everything in it nice out of respect for them. Besides, I don't need the money or want the worry and aggravation associated in dealing with tenants . It will also make me feel better about this whole inheritance situation if I involve you." I explained

"Well Peter, I am interested but like I said, I haven't been in it for many years. I would like to take an extended weekend and fly down to see and maybe go through it and drive the neighborhood. I'd like to check out the stores and other conveniences that must have developed up around that area over the years ... Would that be alright? Will it work for you?" She asked. 

"Sure." I answered and to keep her on the hook I added : "Tell me what weekend you were considering and I'll Just take a look at my calendar here."

"I have a deposition tomorrow ... Give me a second." And she put me on hold: "Ok ... Peter I'm sorry about that ... Is next Thursday too soon? I have nothing that whole following week." She explained and my male hormonal imbalances and sexual desires kicked in and then went into overdrive.

"Kay, why don't you plan on coming in that Thursday then and you can stay at the house. Kick the tires so to speak. You know, try it out and get a feel for the area like you suggested." I offered.

Then I added: "I was planning to take my boat out for a sail down to Key Largo that following Monday. That should take ... Oh, depending on the wind and weather, the better part of two days, maybe more if we do it up right. Would you like to plan that into your trip and join me?" 

To my surprise and without hesitation: "That sounds super!" She responded: "I'll text your cell when I pick up a rental car and we can meet up somewhere."

I said: "Better yet, text your flight information and I'll pick you up at the airport, I just had your Mother's car detailed, I go by and start the two of them periodically to keep the batteries up. It just sits in the garage and it needs to be driven."

And she sounded just like her Father when she responded: "Done." 

This actually sounded too good to be true. I knew that once I got her out on my boat and she experienced that lavish lifestyle she would put out. There has always been something about women being out on a boat that causes them to go all frisky. Most will pull their tops off once we're out of sight of land. I have even had a couple of them strip down nude right on deck. 

Though Kay mentioned when we met that she is in her early fifties, I thought that she must have the same gene that her Mother had. The one that caused her to look so many years younger. The first time that I saw Kay she didn't look a day over thirty five and now I was feeling anxious and really wanted to get her on that boat.

Believe it or not, she was able to book a flight into Sarasota Airport rather than Tampa and that took over two hours off of my total drive time. Her flight arrived on time, right at four forty five and I was sitting in the cell lot anxiously awaiting her call. 

Twenty minutes later she text to let me know that she had retrieved her bags and was headed toward passenger pickup and I text back: "On my way ... White Escalade."

When I saw her up ahead I flashed the lights, pulled over, put it park and when I jumped out she hugged me and we loaded her bags. 

Kay is very pretty, much more so than I remembered her. It is still a little unsettling to me that she looks so much like her Mother, but Kim was a real beauty too so: "Why not?" I reassured myself. 

"You look gorgeous." I told her: "How was your flight?"

"It was fine." She answered: "A bit of a delay taking off out of Boston but they were able to make up the time." She told me.

"I was thinking if you're hungry we can stop at 'The Ale House' and grab some dinner." I offered. "Then I'll run you by the house. I put some wine in the rack, some fresh cold cuts, milk, eggs and beer in the fridge and a loaf of bread and pound of coffee in the pantry." I told her.

"Wow, thanks!" She exclaimed: "Sounds like you've thought of everything, and I can really use a beer now, let's do The Ale House."

"Yes" I thought to myself: "I have thought of everything, if you only knew." 

Dinner with her was fun. We took our time and had a couple of craft draft beers before we ordered and she asked about the boat trip down to the keys: "I generally pack for a couple of days." I confidently told her: "We could possibly make it down in one but that's rushed. If you have the time, it's beautiful the entire way down and back. It's advisable to take the time and enjoy the trip. I stow all the wet and cold weather gear needed and as warm as it is, you won't need a lot of clothes. You will love it." I explained, while fantasizing about getting her all naked and fucking her cute slender frame on board my boat.

Then it happened. The dreaded part of the conversation that most men hear given this set of circumstances: "Peter ... Do you mind if I bring my friend?" 

Let's take a minute to cover the dreaded 'Feminine Peer Pressure thing,' where it comes from and why it exists. If I had to guess, Kay had told a female colleague, a friend or a neighbor about my boat trip offer. Probably with great anticipation, a proud smile on her face and a twinkle in her eye when this forgotten busybody of a skank told her: "He just wants to get you out there for sex! You need to take someone along with you to serve as your safety net." Or shades of that type of jealous female stupidity. 

You see ... History tells us that misery likes company and you can bet your ass that this woman, whom ever she was, never had an offer to get laid on a seventy two foot sailing yacht or any other similar exciting rendezvous offer.

For some unknown reason, this type of demented thinking is only inherent in less desirable older women with low self esteem. 

Now before my critics go all sexist on me, consider this: If the offer was reversed, the man would grab his toothbrush, some lube and a clean pair of jockeys and pray that he gets his lights fucked out. Kind of makes the whole Hillary/Obama equality thing reason out to why a real man is now sitting in the White House running our country the way it was intended to be run ... Now doesn't it?

"Well sure Kay, the more the merrier." I smiled and responded, though I was thinking to myself: "Fuck that!" 

"She's a friend of mine, she's flying down tomorrow to spend a day or two with me. She's a lot of fun and you will love her." Kay said. We finished our dinner and I drove her to the house. 

I took her in, walked her through and basically showed her where everything was and I handed her a key to the house and a set for her Mother's car. We shared a bottle of wine and I told her: "Enjoy the rest of your evening. Be sure that you and your friend meet me at 'Marina Jack's' off of Bay Front Drive Monday morning for breakfast." I told her: "I will arrange for their skiff to take us to my boat when we're ready to get underway." 

Kay kind of gave me that 'Gee I wish I hadn't had fucked things up by inviting someone else to come along' look, kissed my cheek and said: "Thank you Peter." And I told her to call me if she needed anything and I drove to my home in Oyster Bay.

Friday evening I went to Saint Armands Circle to pick up some new boating clothes at 'Tommy Bahamas' and I stopped in at Marina Jack's for dinner, a drink and to arrange the breakfast for three and the skiff transport. 

Sunday afternoon Kay phoned and told me that her friend had made it in as planned, loved the house and they were both looking forward to the boat trip. 

She asked if I would care to join them for dinner and a swim that evening and I told her that I would have, but I had a few things to attend to and that they should pack for two days, dress accordingly and meet me at the marina about seven a.m. I guess I was still pouting.

Monday morning I was sitting by the window overlooking of the boats docked right outside and talking with the owner over coffee when they walked in. To my surprise, the girl with Kay looked much younger than I had envisioned. 

She was about a head shorter than Kay, very shapely aan little plump in all the right places in a real sexy looking sort of way and I would be hard pressed to believe that she was even thirty. She had short black hair, a quick smile and piercing blue eyes. 

They were both wearing the sexiest little fitted sun dresses and rolling their travel bags behind them, looking so attractive that they could actually pass as two beautiful anchor ladies from the Fox News Channel. 

"Well, this completely blew my previous busybody skank 'safety net' argument away, didn't it?" I thought. 

I heard Kay say: "There he is." And they walked over and Kay introduced her friend: "Peter this is my friend Dunbar. Dunnie, Mr. Peterswiftt."

After my brief introductions of them to Jack (the owner) he excused himself and sent our server over: "Dunbar ... That's an interesting name." I remarked and she told me that it was actually her last name, that her Father was an attorney in Kay's law firm and that everyone had always called him that and since she palled around with him from the time she was a child, it kind of stuck with her as well and yada yada yada.

They each took chairs facing the glass, the sun on the boats and the dock and while looking over the menu, Dunbar glanced out again nodded and asked: "Wow, they're all so beautiful, which one is yours?" 

I answered: "Mine is moored out in the bay not far from here. Their skiff will take us out to her after breakfast." And they sat chatting about flip flops, swim suits, sun screen and boats until our breakfast arrived. 

The skiff was tied off steady and the girls had no problems stepping out on to her after their bags were handed in and stowed. As we rounded the bend from the cove to enter the bay, they saw three to four sizable sailing vessels mixed in with a spattering of smaller ones. 

There were audible signs of both disbelief and approval when we motored up to "Heart of Joy" where I had anchored her adjacent to "The Legacy" and Dunbar actually clapped when I hit the fob remote and the stern platform and boarding ladder started descending her bow. 

As the operator held the skiff steady, I jumped to the platform and tied it off at the cleats fore and aft and helped Kay out and started her up the ladder and then I assisted Dunbar.

I could sense that the poor young skiff operator was totally jealous when I held the ladder steady with my nose barely inches from each ladies shapely ass with my eyes looking directly up their sun dress as they climbed to the deck. Once I was up, he handed up their bags and with an approving nod, knowing grin and a wink, he untied, pushed off and was on his way back to the marina. 

"My God Peter! I didn't expect anything like this!" Kay exclaimed: "This is beautiful." And Dunbar just stood grinning from ear to ear as they looked around the shiny high gloss mahogany main deck.

"Let me bring the platform and ladder back up and we'll go below and get you girls situated in your staterooms and I will show you where the facilities are. I'll give you a quick tour of her before we weigh anchor." I suggested, and just under an hour later, I had the sails uncovered and their motor winching them into place and as they started to fill with the warm sea breeze we were underway.

I took her out slow at first to keep her wake down but once we got out to where we were clearing the bay and entering the gulf, I added more sail at the center and front masts and she took off. "There's Dramamine in the cabinet above the sink." I called down: "But drink the bottled water. The fresh water in the holding tanks has always tested good, but I never trust it for drinking." I explained.

"So you think we'll get seasick?" Dunbar giggled as she came up the ladder wearing only her bright blue bikini. And if I hadn't been a mature gentleman, I would have let my jaw drop, because she was over the top sexy.

"Not while were we're traveling like this, the gyros keep her motion efficient, but once we stop for a day at anchor, if you're not used to it, the constant motion tends to sneak up on the unseasoned sailor." I told her.

"What's that?" Kay asked in more of an announcement that she had just stepped back up on deck and when I looked past Dunbar, mature or not, I felt my mouth fall open. 

There she stood in all her radiant beauty like a goddess! Pale white complexion, light auburn hair and the shiniest metallic looking teal green micro bikini that I had ever seen. 

My eyes darted uncontrollably between her slightest indication of a camel toe and the protruding nipple prints created from her lovely melon shaped breasts and I had to force myself to look at her beautiful face.

"I was just telling Dunbar that it would be wise to take a Dramamine now in order to have some in your systems before we stop for the day, and you young lady, in fact both of you need to get under some sunscreen. You're from Boston and we're in tropics now, a lot closer to the equator and neither of you want to spoil this trip with a bad sunburn."

As I sat behind the shiny stainless wheel I looked back and Kay had started applying some over Dunbar's neck, back and shoulders, then over the tops of her large round breasts and by the time that she had made it past the small of Dunnie's back and started down the backs of her thighs, I was getting an erection.

Though I can lock the wheel in certain rudder positions, there is no real autopilot on my boat and I'm not comfortable with that concept anyway. I rely on the hull perimeter radar to avoid any smaller craft that her long length and taller hull keep out of my line of sight and I like to keep my hand on the wheel. That being said, it was everything I could do to keep my eyes off of them and on what lied ahead.

"If you two are making a 'Girls Gone Wild' show out of applying that sunscreen, at least come over here where I can enjoy watching it." I blurted out over the sounds of the wind and sea.

"Hey!.. You just keep your eyes on the road Mr." Kay squealed and they both burst out laughing.

"Yeah, and when I get done with Kay, she can take the wheel." Dunbar said: "You're next." But to my disappointment, that didn't happened. I never got my turn. 

It was a little after five when I recognized the everglades up ahead and I knew that we were getting close to the deepwater bay just on the other side of them. It's beautiful, near the Key Largo Resort and Yacht Club and I like to anchor there for the night. 

Thirty minutes or so later, I had the girls keep the wheel steady and watch the compass heading and I dropped most of the sails and prepared to coast for a while before motoring her on in: "Wow, we made great time." I thought

The Heart of Joy is a site to behold on the open water and even more so as she approaches a resort area. Her high gloss dark navy blue/black hull topped with that eight inch bright red perimeter stripe crowned with her glowing white gunwales that wrap over the top and down the inner side to her polished mahogany deck sets her apart from all the newer fiberglass and steel models. The sleek shape of her hull with three extremely tall masts makes her look more predatorial, kind of like a legendary old world gunship than the high end pleasure craft that she remarkably is. She boasts a real and unmistakable presence of prestige and elegance even more so when seen up close in a Bay like the one we were laying into. 

We were all ready for dinner when I locked her in at anchor fore and aft and the girls graciously offered and made the salad as I sautéed the baby spinach in olive oil, butter and garlic to steam the fresh clams, mussels and shrimp in. 

There is something about fresh seafood from our gulf waters here in southern Florida causing it to be unsurpassed when compared to any other, anywhere in the world. Now I know both girls came in from Boston, a legitimate state who thinks it knows the subject well. On numerous business ventures I've even been to the radical extreme leftist sub world known as California who consider themselves to boast the best. But with the exception of a too close to call decision from the state of Hawaii, no one even comes close enough to compare theirs with ours. Florida provides the finest out of any of the waters, anywhere in the world.

Of course it doesn't hurt to have a receptionist work for you whose husband happens to be a commercial fisherman either.

We were on our third bottle of Pinot Grigio watching a most beautiful red sunset develop out over the water when Dunbar excused herself to carry down some of the dirty dinnerware and use the head. 

"Kay, I'm curious ... She's a lot of fun but she seems so young, are you two friends through her father at work?" I questioned, obviously fishing for answers.

"Her Father's how we initially met. The first time she looked into my eyes there was a chemistry Peter. Why do you think I never really moved back or even vacationed here much when my folks were alive?" She asked: "I knew that they wouldn't understand."  

She added: "Mother was always so prim and proper and Father being a doctor was ... Well, far too straight laced. I know they could never handle me having a relationship with another woman, let alone one half my age."

"How little you really knew them." I thought to myself: "Oh ... I wasn't intending to pry Kay, it's just that the first time we met I thought that ..."
