 She looked down on my large semi flaccid cock and ball sack stuck to the inside top portion of my left thigh from the drying secretions of our earlier lust and I instructed her: "Put your knees on the padded rail and without using your hands take me in your mouth and suck it all the way down your throat until your tongue is able to lick the bottom of my sack and make me cum again. If you learn how to do that, my answer to you will be yes, you will be included." 

I picked up my glass, closed my eyes and as I took my next sip, I heard her knees squeak on the leather foot rail, I felt her cool palms on top of my thighs and as her wet lips sucked me deep in the warmth of her mouth, my left hand held the back of her neck and I raised my hips.

Sometimes, life is good.

I woke in the comfort of my captain's chair from the first light of dawn that softly illuminated the wheelhouse. I notice the light pressure that I had been feeling in my dreams all night was the smooth little bare bottom sitting on the top of my right thigh. The back of her soft smooth thighs hung off over my left leg at her knees and she was all snuggled in with her back up against my chest inside the warmth of my silk robe. 

"And I thought the thing was too damn big when I opened the gift box." I remembered: "My mother had no idea when she purchased it for me, that Dunbar's firm little body nestled inside was all that was required to make it fit just right." I thought, but knowing my mother, I knew she would approve.

I slowly opened the front of it and looked down over her in the soft glow of the pre dawn morning light as she peacefully snored her cute little snore: "Damn!" I thought to myself: "What a petite little twenty eight year old beauty, I was blessed."

Dunnie was still asleep with her palms together down in between her legs near her crotch and the position of her upper arms caused her large firm breasts to press together and I just couldn't resist them.

I gently rubbed the top of her taught globes down across her large marquise shaped areolas and when the slightest touch of my right fingertips experienced her gorgeous plump nipples, I watched them instantly swell and become rock hard from my touch.

She slowly started to stir and without opening her eyes she brought her left arm up around the back of my neck, pulled my face toward her's, leaned her head back and openly kissed me on the mouth.

"Ooow Peter, good morning, you feel so nice and warm, I'm a little stiff from last night and your warmth feels so good." She whispered: " But I can use a shower."She added.

Knowing that I had cum in her mouth last evening and the fact that her warm little bottom had now seasoned in its own juices un-fouled by my sperm, since our breakfast at Marina Jack's yesterday: "I want to taste you first." Came out of my mouth. 

She replied just over a whisper: "Oh Peter, you are nasty, shame on you! You might want to make it quick before Kay wakes up." she giggled and within seconds I had her bare little bottom in the warm spot on leather seat cushion that I had just vacated and I gently lifted her legs up over the side armrests and I knelt on the padded rail in front of her. 

I exhaled every ounce of air to empty my lungs and breathed in through my nose as my face slowly approached her picture perfect crotch to find her scent astounding and arousing, it was magnificent.

I kissed down the inner part of her left upper thigh and as I licked the flat regions of her outer lips her fingers went in the hair on the back of my head. 

As the tip of my tongue centered in her warm little crotch, it swept up and uncovered her clit and I nuzzled it with the tip of my nose trying to sniff everything in while working my tongue slowly down between her warm inner lips. 

To my surprise it found a pool of her nectar hiding just inside her folds and I carefully scooped it out with my tongue, swallowing every drop as if it was a liquid manna from heaven.

Her concentrated scent and her pungent flavors were off the chart sexy and they made my morning firmness throb and my balls ache and as I sucked her now firm swollen clit in between my lips, she interlaced her fingers behind my head and pulled my face hard against her fragrant crotch. 

As she ground her pelvis against my mouth and nose, my middle left finger located her tight little anal rim and when I slowly pushed it in, she started to cum. 

I felt her right hand leave my hair to cover her mouth and I heard the pleasantries of her verbal reactions muffled by her palm and as that orgasm peaked, I slowly pulled my finger from her ass. 

I stood only inches from her crotch with my cock jerking wildly as it filled with blood and I placed my hands just above her open knees.

When she finally caught her breath, she took one look at my massive raging hard on and said: "Would you please use that to gently wake Kay? Peter, I'm sorry but I'm still a little tender from last night." 

I smiled, nodded, helped her up and we tiptoed to my stateroom.

Kay was the image of an angel as she lay on her left side in a sound sleep beneath the white satin sheets and as I slowly pulled them back to crawl in behind her, Dunnie was under the shower.

"Good morning Peter." I heard Kay say as she continued to lay motionless facing away from me. 

"Morning Kay, I come bearing gifts." I responded and she gently gyrated her firm little hips back against the tip of my aching manhood. 

"My God what a great peaceful sleep." Kay cooed: "I can't remember the last time that I slept so peacefully and I had the most marvelous dreams that you could ever imagine." 

"Ooowe, now that's quite nice." She remarked when her right hand reached back to confirm what she was feeling rubbing up against the small of her back.

"I know." I replied with my dick growing thicker from the feel of her warm little hand: "I love to sleep aboard this boat, it's a magnificent experience like that night after night." 

Supporting my head in my left hand I gently traced over her smooth shoulder with my fingertips, down over the side of her right upper arm to her cleavage and I slowly reached around, under and cupped her firm breast that was pressed between her right one and the bottom sheet. As I softly stroked and kneaded it she sighed and her breathing became deep. 

Releasing it, I traced down the soft slope at the side of her waist and my hand found her firm right hip where it cut into the top of her smooth thigh. As the thumb side of my right hand eased between the warm cheeks of her ass, she moved the right inside of her little foot up her left calf bending that leg at the knee to afford me better access to her lovely ass.

Now for my lady readers, here is where I'm compelled to request that you take note. Kay didn't reach back and push my hand away, she didn't ask: "Hey! What do you think you're doing?" Or, "Let me sleep!" She positioned herself to "afford me better access to her lovely ass." Please learn from her. Anyway, back to the story.

As my index and middle fingertips located and rubbed her smooth anal bud she brought both of her knees up toward her chest and my third and pinkie fingers found the moist folds of her inner lips.

I gently rolled her onto her tummy and I slipped myself all the way beneath the top sheet and I couldn't help but sniff those fingers. Their scent was overwhelmingly arousing like a fine Godiva chocolate and they immediately went into my mouth so I could taste her essence on my tongue.

With my knees straddling her lower thighs, I bent forward and softly kissed the back of her neck, then I worked my lips down the smooth curve of her spine and I licked and tasted the warm moisture from the crack of her ass just below her tailbone. 

While gently spreading those glorious firm cheeks, my tongue went in deep to find her moist fragrant inner lips and I intentionally brushed the tip of my nose against the smooth little rim of her hot pink anus that my fingertips had just experienced moments ago. 

My senses of touch, smell and taste found the total experience mind boggling beyond description, causing my total sensory arsenal to race into overload. 

Her scent and flavors were thick and creamy and heavy and their texture on my tongue was dense and chalky and yet so lightly mild and floral that I could have remained in them forever. The deeper my nose and tongue would explore, the more pleasantly mellow they'd become, almost almond like, nutty and smooth and I actually wished that I could bottle it and live in it forever.

But I knew that after this voyage, she would be my living bottle and like a fine wine, all of that would definitely improve with age.

Not moments ago my face nose and tongue were deep within Dunbar and though the sensations from Kay's flavors and aromas proved to be very much the same, they were still so totally different somehow, but like Dunnie's, so overwhelmingly pleasing that I just couldn't get enough and my loins actually burned as I longed for more. 

I straightened up tenting that sheet with my head and the bottom of my nose and upper lip were wet with her fabulous buttery cream and as she attempted to part her legs, I held her knees together with mine.

The sunlight from the early dawn filtering through that shiny white satin made her beautiful perfect anus and inner lips glow in her natural hot pink tone and the sheer sight of them in contrast with her milky white completion and my angry deep purple dick compelled me to go back in and taste all of her one more time.

I slowly rose once more leaving all of that glorious scent and flavor behind and as I reached under her taught lower belly, gently lifting her to her knees, I pushed my standing rock hard cock down to where the throbbing head could kiss her inner lips and the tension on it immediately went in search of their warm moist opening. 

Kay turned her head to her right, stayed down on her chest, reached back between her legs with both hands and softly grasped, rubbed and gently massaged my hanging balls and I slowly started to feed myself into her.

She arched her back slightly raising her hips to accommodate my advance and I know that we collectively felt her vaginal opening stretch up and over the bulbus head of my cock and her vaginal wall grasp my shaft as I continued to ease myself in.

In that position Kay was almost forbiddingly tight and as I ever so slowly continued that advance, she released the boys, pushed herself up on her forearms, arched her back and started a gyrating counter motion that I will never forget.

As I took hold at the front of her creamy smooth thighs in an attempt to pleasured her even deeper, my efforts were met with her inner muscles compressing and working my cock as if her vaginal canal was magically milking and sucking me in while forbidding me to leave and begging me to stay inside for more.

With every second of my total years of sexual experience, I tried to hold off but her determined gifted actions started to win and my brain wouldn't allow me to focus on anything other than the erotic sight of her and her arousing aromas and that glorious feel from what her vagina was now doing to my cock. 

When that strong familiar twinge form down deep inside my loins started, I knew that it was impossible for me to hold off and right when I started to cum, as if on cue, her head flew back, her chest produced a low vibrating guttural sound, her vaginal wall literally bit down hard around my cock, her "G" spot bulged against the bottom of my shaft, she became even more indescribably creamy and she started to cum at the very same moment that I ejaculated deep within her at the extreme bottom of my stroke.

Somehow through all of that I was able to stay firm and I continued humping until her lengthy orgasm concluded and I collapsed totally winded on my back, right up against the left side of her warm moist body. 

Breathlessly Kay whispered: "My God Peter, that was way beyond wonderful! My God man, oh dear God! Thank you!" and before I could thank her back, she dropped the question: "Where did you go last night? I wanted to wake up all gooey with your seed inside me." 

"Typical female skepticism." I thought: "Could she be fishing? Did she miss Dunnie sometime in the middle of the night?" I had no way of knowing.

Not wanting to risk any issue she might have had with my last night's solo visit from Dunbar, I cautiously answered: "You two looked exhausted and you were resting so easy and sleeping so peacefully that I couldn't bring myself to disturb you for that. Since you had just drifted off in a peaceful sleep, I decided to go to the wheelhouse for a brandy. It was warm and pleasant there with the rolling of the tide and I must have dozed off in the captains chair."

Before she could react to that, the head hatch opened, steam poured out and Dunnie stepped into the stateroom totally naked with her beautiful breasts bouncing and jiggling from the towel drying of her short black hair: "Kay I left you some hot water." She giggled: "Man that shower felt freaky great!"

Like a beautiful tall supermodel, Kay James gracefully crawled out from under that brilliant white satin and with her gorgeous, perfectly proportioned, slender, firm, nude figure turning to face me, she asked: "What are our plans for today?"

"Laying in this bunk all day licking the two of you dry." Came to mind, but I didn't dare say that out loud. 

"At seven a. m. the Key Largo Marina opens and if you two would like, I'll call then and arrange for a transport to take us ashore. There are a lot of small shops the two of you won't want to miss. We can grab breakfast and relax over coffee until they open and maybe stop for a late lunch and just spend the day on the Key. I'll even show the two of you where the movie was filmed."

"What movie?" Dunbar asked.

When I looked surprised, Kay laughed and said: "Peter you forget, she's only a baby." 

I laughed, agreed and informed them: "In the event that's what you two decide on, we should consider spending the night on board here again tonight and head back to Sarasota Bay Saint Armands in the morning."

Kay looked at Dunbar, they nodded at one another and they both beamed their gorgeous smiles and Kay said: "We're not scheduled to fly back to Boston Logan until Monday of next week. If it's all the same to you, we'd love to spend another night here together."

The "together" rang pleasantly in my ears.

I grabbed some clean clothes and went to the guest stateroom and showered while Kay used mine and I was up on deck arranging the transport at seven-o two while the two of them were still below getting all dolled up. 

I just can't tell you how marvelous they looked when they finally came up the ladder and stepped out on deck, but I can truthful say that they both looked gorgeous and perfect in every way.

A young girl who appeared to be in her late teens piloted the transport skiff. When Dunbar, kind of flirting with her, curiously asked her age she smiled and told us that she was twenty three and there was no doubt that she was experienced from the way she handled the boat. After motoring us to a dock where the girls could step right out with little trouble, she even recommended a sidewalk cafe where the three of us decided to have our breakfast.

The heads they turned and the looks we received from both men and women made me feel like some sort of a King or Czar and I was beyond proud to have them on each arm as we walked to the shops past the other sidewalk cafes.

The day was blast and before we knew it, it was early evening. I chose the Reef Lounge for our dinner so I could purchase and enjoy a fine cigar when it came time for our after dinner drinks. 

The girls couldn't believe it when Chef Kareem came out, called me by name, made some food recommendations that weren't on the menu and sat to talked with us for a while.

When I noticed that my ladies were starting to feel their wine, I suggested we get back, knowing they both still had to negotiate Heart of Joy's boarding ladder and the Chef thanked me and personally summoned the transport skiff.

Back on board, the evening was beautiful and we decided to sit on deck, relax with a drink and watch the sunset. I put on a soft selection of Sinatra, Martin, Bennett and Darin and opened their favorite white and we just sat and talked while I finished my cigar. 

When I thought the timing was right I came right out and said: "I want you both to know that I have had the time of my life with the two of you." And I focused on Dunbar: " I hope that if you two feel the same, the three of us can spend time together like this, each time you come down. Besides I need to get this boat out more."

Kay looked at Dunnie and back at me and said: "This isn't something that I had considered when I first decided to winter here, but in the event that you are serious, though I can't speak for Dunnie, what you are proposing is more than what I could ever have hoped for." 

Before I could react, Dunbar added: "The best of both worlds."

I have filed what followed that conversation in my memory banks forever. 

Though I'm about to detail it out for you to the best of my recollection, here is where my one critic who continually remarks "cuck shit" over and over to no matter what I portray, can now use his tired and previously misused commentary correctly, that is if he so decides.

I mean after all, what man would turn down the opportunity to sit back, relax, sip a good brandy and watch, smell, hear and experience two beauties like these get each other naked and make out together? Never mind, we all know the answer to that: "Only the incurable insane."

Again, back to the story.

After we were below for the night, both girls led me to my own stateroom and requested that I disrobe and take a seat. After pouring myself a brandy and very little consideration to if I was content to just watch, I complied. 

Sitting in the corner chair, I looked on them as they slowly undressed one another with as much physical contact as one could have ever imagined. 

I am here to tell you that the passion in their kissing and the way that they openly tongued each other's mouth was about the most arousing sex act that I had ever seen anywhere. 

Their soft fondling and slow touching and petting of one another's neck shoulder and breasts, their slow tonguing and tasting of each other's warm flesh as they bent and knelt to simultaneously work each other's shiny silk thongs up and into one another was so well orchestrated, you would think it had been choreographed.

The gentle sniffing, kissing, licking, tasting and sucking of the underarms, the base of the neck, behind the ears and over the throat, the under-breasts, navel and crotch in concert with their reactionary low moaning and cooing was like watching two fragile little human butterflies working to stimulate and satisfy one another and my prostate was pumping out precum like a fire hydrant. 

I love and crave sex as much if not more than the next man and though I have always felt it impossible to get my fill, I have made it my life's quest to get all that I can, but this? This produced perhaps the most stimulating sense of arousal I believe I have ever felt and I didn't even want to blink out of fear that I would miss something. 

Simply put, it was amazing and far, far better in person than any video could ever provide. 

But there was more. 

The exact moment that they beckoned me to crawl in bed between them, those two gentile little human butterflies morphed into two powerful very horny bitch pit bulls in heat and as they pushed me down on my back from either side, their lips and tongues were all over every square inch of my body. 

Kay straddled my left arm sitting directly on the my forearm bent forward and swept the inside of my mouth with her tongue as Dunnie grasped, manipulated and roughly massaged my balls.
