 Part 4 in the series. Sorry for the delay between submissions. Please read the first three entries before this one. There are portions that might not make sense if you don't. Enjoy.




Kay and Jenny drove together to the Barlow Hotel and Spa. They were going to spoil themselves this morning and then spend the afternoon at the beach.

Kay and Jenny entered the spa and went to the reception desk. At the desk sat a very beautiful black woman who appeared to be in her late twenties or early thirties. She smiled and said "Welcome to the Barlow Spa. I'm Stephanie. I see you haven't been with us before. I have to ask you to fill out these forms."

As it was their first time there, they had to fill out the necessary medical questionnaire. When they finished and were handing the paperwork back, Kay's new friend Donna entered the reception area. She hugged Kay. When introduced, Donna leaned in and hugged Jenny. 

"You are as hot as Kay said you were. Hotter." Said Jenny. 

"Well Kay, does my new best friend here know everything you know about me or just that you think I'm hot?"

"Every sordid detail hun." Replied Kay with a grin.

"Well then, we should all get along fine."

Just then, their estheticians called for them.

"We have to go Donna, we'll see you after our mani-pedis." said Kay. 

"Bye girls. See you in a bit."Replied Donna. 

In just over an hour they were finished their treatments. They had about 15 minutes until their massages, so they were relaxing in the lounge drinking some tea. The receptionist came in and said "Sorry Jenny, your therapist called in sick. But fortunately, another therapist had a cancellation. So Donna will be working on you if that is okay?"

"That will be fine. I just don't want to miss out."

"Well it's settled then, you will be called when the therapy rooms are ready."

"I hope she doesn't try anything on me in there." Said Jenny. 

"She won't. This isn't that type of spa. They are all registered therapists."

A few minutes later, Donna and another therapist, Susan came in to bring them to their respective treatment rooms. Another hour later, they were back in the lounge feeling truly relaxed.

Jenny said "Boy did I need that. I feel great. Donna is fantastic. She found every knot I had and worked them out. How did Susan do?"

"She was great too. We definitely have to come back again."

"Hell yeah."

Just then, Donna came into the lounge. "Hey guys." she said. "So Kay, tell me. Is Susan awesome or what? She is the only therapist who works on me."

"She is great. I definitely will be back to see her. Jenny says you aren't too shabby yourself though."

"Why thanks Hun." She said as she smiled at Jen. "So you two are going to spend the afternoon at the beach huh? 

"Oh yeah, we plan on drinking some wine are work on our tan." Jen replied. "We both bought new swimsuits yesterday."

"I'll make you a deal. If you wait for me while I finish a half hour treatment, I'll buy the two of you lunch."

"Hmm, let me think. Free lunch for half an hour wait?" Said Jenny, looking at Kay who nodded. "How can we say no?"

"Great, I'll see you in a little bit. I'll meet you in the restaurant."

"Okay, we'll see you." Replied Kay.

Kay and Jenny showered and dressed and were down in the restaurant twenty minutes. They were just about finished eating when Donna and the spa receptionist walked in. 

"Hey guys. You remember Stephanie from the spa? She's finished for the day too and asked if she can join us. I hope you don't mind. I grabbed a couple of bottles of wine and some water from the restaurant. So there's no worry about going short."

"I hope I'm not intruding on your plans." Said Stephanie. 

"No we don't mind. The more the merrier. We are just planning to do nothing but lie around and maybe go for a swim." Replied Jenny. Kay nodded in agreement.

"So we'll all take our own vehicles and meet in the parking lot."

"Okay. See you there." Said Kay.

Fifteen minutes later, they were getting their gear out of their cars.

"I managed to get a couple of blankets from housekeeping." Said Donna. 

"And I got some big fluffy towels from the spa." Added Stephanie. 

They gathered all of their gear and made their way down the path to the beach. When they got to the sign that marked the clothing optional section of the beach, they all stopped and looked at each other.

"Well, this easy for me." Said Donna. "I don't have a suit with me."

"Me neither." Said Stephanie. 

They started peeling off their shirts and shorts. Kay and Jenny followed suit. Donna and Stephanie were soon naked and stuffing their clothes into their bags. Kay and Jenny stopped at their thongs. Donna looked at them with a raised eyebrow.

"Hey, we just bought these. We have to at least wear them for a little bit."

"Well if you are going to wear them, give us a spin. Let's see how they look." requested Donna. 

They spun around and poked and shook their butts out at the others.

"You two chose right." Said Stephanie. "Your asses look great in them." She patted Jenny's rear and whispered. "Your boobs are pretty good too."

Jenny blushed and winked at Stephanie. "Okay you two spin around now. We get to check you out."

They did as ordered and Jenny stopped Stephanie mid spin. "Talk about nice butts. I bet I could bounce a quarter off yours."

"If you play your cards right, I might let you try."

"Okay, if you two have finished flirting, I'd like to get my tan on and some wine in me." Teased Donna.

They gathered up their stuff and carried on down the path. As they passed the thicket of trees where Kay first met Donna, Donna leaned in to her and whispered. "Hey, do you want to go in there and write a new chapter to our story?"

"I'm not sure if I can get up to anything without Mitch. Besides, Jen probably wouldn't be up for it."

"Are you sure? I would say those two are ready to rip each other's clothes off, if they were wearing any."

"Maybe you're right but let's take it easy for now."

They got to Kay's favourite spot in the dunes and laid out their blankets. Donna poured wine for everyone and proposed a toast. "Ladies. Here's to a great afternoon and to many more." 

They drank and then Jenny fished the sun-block out of her bag and squeezed some into her hand. As she spread it on her arms, Stephanie said. "Oh great, I didn't bring any, can I borrow some?"

"Sure." Said Jenny then handed her the tube and continued to rub her arms and legs.

As Stephanie applied to herself, she said. "When you're done, lie down. I'll get your back."

Jen laid down on her front and looked back over her shoulder at Stephanie who was applying the sun-block to her breasts. She has firm, what looks to be C-cup boobs with chocolate brown areola. She seemed to be to enjoying the application as her nipples were rock hard.

"Oh crap." Jenny exclaimed. "I forgot to do mine." 

As Jen reached for the tube, Stephanie leaned over and cupped one Jen's breasts and rubbed it. 

"I have extra on my hands. We don't want to waste it." She said with a devilish smile.

After Jen's breasts were both done, Stephanie guided her to lay on the blanket on her front. She got some more cream in her hands and started to rub it into Jen's shoulders. Meanwhile, Kay applied sun-block to Donna's back as she was lying down on the other blanket. Both Kay and Donna were watching intently, the game playing out in front of them. Stephanie worked her way down Jenny's back until she reached her thong.

"Okay gorgeous, lift your hips. That thong has been on long enough. I want to make sure you get full sun coverage."

With that, she pulled Jenny's hips up and pulled the thong down over her very white cheeks. She then proceeded to massage sun-block into them. Jenny reacted by subtly pushing back with her butt. Jenny seemed to realize that she was enjoying it a little too much and sat up.

"Okay, you need your back done before you get burnt too. Lay down."

Jenny then returned the favour. She covered Stephanie's back and rear. She seemed to take a little extra time on Stephanie's butt, ensuring all the sun-block was massaged in. Stephanie too, was enjoying the butt massage and was matching Jenny's strokes with her hips. Jenny looked over at Donna and Kay who were silently watching the show. She made eye contact with the both of them and raised an eyebrow. She gave an evil little smirk at them and then smacked Stephanie's ass hard enough to snap her back to reality but not hard enough to cause any lingering pain.

"You're done." She said with a laugh. And then stood up and ran toward the water.

Stephanie squealed and screamed "Get back here you bitch." And chased her.

Once the other two were out of sight, Donna said. "I could have sworn they were going to be fucking each other in another minute."

"Me too." Replied Kay.

"That was hot. I'm really fucking horny now." Donna then lay back on the blanket and looked at Kay. Her hands slowly slid down her stomach to her clit and started to slowly rub it. Kay removed her thong and spread her legs toward Donna. She propped herself up on her elbows. Looking her in the eyes, she took a sip of her wine and then dipped a finger into her glass and rubbed the wine into her nipples.

"I thought you weren't sure if you wanted to do this without Mitch?"

"What am I doing?" Asked Kay as she copied Donna. She stared into Donna's eyes as she rubbed her own clit. With her other hand, she pinched and pulled her nipple. She moaned. This made Donna moan. Kay fell flat on her back and buried two fingers in her pussy. She moved her other hand to her clit.

"Oh my god." Whispered Donna. "Talk about hot."

The two of them continued their eye contact while they each inched themselves closer to orgasm. They copied each other's movements. Finally, Donna broke the silence.

"Fuck it. I don't care if Mitch isn't here. We're doing this."

Donna crawled between Kay's legs and ran her tongue over her clit. Kay moaned and thrust her hips toward her. Without separating her tongue from Kay's skin, Donna moved up to Kay's right nipple. She sucked it hard and flicked at the end with her tongue. Kay moaned again and grabbed the back of Donna's head. She pushed Donna's head down towards her pussy. Donna got the hint and moved back to Kay's clit. Kay orgasmed almost immediately. She squirted all over Donna's chin, neck and chest. 

"Wow." Exclaimed Donna. "Did I do that?"

"No I did. You made me though. Don't fucking stop. I'm not finished."

Donna spun around and straddled Kay's face. She looked down her body toward Kay's face and said. "You may not be finished, but I haven't begun." She dropped her twat to Kay's mouth and buried her tongue in Kay's slit. Tasting pussy for the first time, Kay did to Donna, what she enjoys herself. She sucked her clit into her mouth and flicked it with her tongue. She slid a finger into Donna's pussy and found her G-spot. Donna came straight away. Kay removed her finger and pushed it against Donna's rear entrance. Donna pushed back and Kay's finger slid in to the first knuckle. She ground her pussy against Kay's mouth as she moaned into Kay's. Kay fingered her rear and continued to lick her clit until Donna came again. This made Kay cum again. They made each other cum a few times before they collapsed onto the blanket to catch their breath.

"Wow. That was fucking hot." They heard Jenny say. They looked over and saw Jenny looking back at them with half open eyes. Stephanie's face was buried between Jenny's legs. They hadn't heard the two of them return. Stephanie was sucking Jenny's clit. She reached up and played with her nipples. Jenny's hips were thrusting hard now. She screamed and grabbed Stephanie's head, holding her there as she came. Jenny fell back onto the blanket to capture her breath. As she laid there with her chest heaving, Stephanie crawled up and squatted over her face.

"I don't know what to do." Said Jenny.

"Just do what you would like done to you." Replied Stephanie as she dropped her pussy to Jenny's mouth.

Jenny took her advice and sucked on Stephanie's clit. Stephanie moaned in response. Jenny slid two fingers inside as she continued to suck Stephanie's clit. Stephanie began to grind her pussy into Jenny's face. Donna grabbed Kay's hand and pulled her up. "C'mon. Follow my lead." She moved to Stephanie's side and took one of her nipples in her mouth. Kay did the same. Stephanie was moaning loud now. Kay slid her hand down Stephanie's back and over her ass. She moved it between her legs and found that Donna had had the same idea. They made eye contact and seemed to know what each other were thinking. They removed Jenny's fingers and slid their own inside. The sensation of having two different people's fingers inside her drove Stephanie over the edge. She came with a scream and fell to the blanket. As she lay there catching her breath, Jenny rolled her onto her stomach and pulled her to her knees.

"What are you doing?" asked Stephanie.

"What I would like done to me." She then buried three fingers in Stephanie's pussy. She finger-fucked her for a few minutes and then leaned in and tongued her asshole. Stephanie moaned and rocked her hips. 

Kay looked at Donna and mouthed the words."Holy Shit." 

Donna nodded and noiselessly said "wow." She moved behind Jenny and pulled her up to her knees and pushed two fingers into her sopping pussy. Then she too leaned in and pressed her tongue into Jenny's sphincter. Jenny groaned loud and said "Please tell me you have a dildo you can fuck me with. I need something up my ass badly."

Stephanie had cum and collapsed on the blanket, to catch her breath.

Kay, who was just watching the scene in front of her, noticed movement out of the corner of her eye. She turned to see Mitch walking across the sand towards them. He was nude and already hard. He had a big grin on his face. Jenny hadn't seen him. She held her finger to her mouth to tell Mitch to be quiet. Kay replied quickly. "I have something better. Just let me get it ready." 

She pulled Mitch towards her and took his cock in her mouth. She took as much of him in as she could. Donna looked up at Mitch, winked and then continued to finger and tongue Jenny. Jenny hadn't noticed Mitch yet. Donna reached into her bag, keeping her fingers buried in Jenny's pussy and pulled out a bottle of massage oil. She squeezed some onto Jenny's ass and passed the bottle to Kay.

"Here use this." She said. Then got some oil on her fingers pushed two into Jenny's ass. They went all the way in with ease. Jenny grunted "oh my fucking god, that's great. Yessssss." 

Kay stopped blowing Mitch and squeezed some oil in her hands. She massaged it into his cock while Donna added more to Jenny's ass. Mitch lined up behind Jenny. Donna grasped his cock to help guide into Jenny's waiting ass. She couldn't resist giving him a few tugs. She said "Okay honey, you're going love this." Then she guided Mitch's cock into her. He pushed in halfway and paused.

"Oooooooooooh" moaned Jenny. "Did you bring a dildo with you?" She then looked back over her shoulder.

Mitch smiled and said "Hi."

Jenny grinned in return and pushed back until he was all the way in. She pulled off and pushed back all the way again.

Stephanie had been oblivious to what was happening. She has been laying there with her eyes closed. The sound of a man's voice brought her back to reality. 

"Who's this?" She asked. She realized quickly that someone knew him as he was very comfortably buried in Jenny's ass.

"This is my husband Mitch."

He waved at her. She smiled in return. She crawled over to get a good look at what was going on. Apart from the first push, he hadn't really done anything. Jenny was bouncing back and forth on his dick.

"Oh my god. That feels fucking awesome." She looked back at Mitch. "You're going to have to take over the work now Hun."

Mitch tightened his grip on her hips and took over at the same pace that Jenny had set. Donna added more oil without interrupting the action. Stephanie reached under and rubbed her clit. This set her off.

"I'm cumming. Aaaaaaaahhh!"

Mitch sped up and came in her just as she reached the peak of her orgasm. He kept thrusting until she collapsed on the blanket. Mitch sat back so he could catch his breath. "Well." He said to Kay. "I came down here to catch some rays with you and Jen. This was quite a surprise."

"That was our intention too. But...." She gestured toward Donna and Stephanie. "We got pleasantly sidetracked."

Stephanie handed everyone a bottle of water. "I'm sure we could all use some of this."

They sat around chatting idly for a while before going for a swim. They were splashing around and diving under the waves when Donna manoeuvred to Mitch's side. She reached under the water and grabbed his dick and said "So big fella, when am I going to get a ride on this beautiful thing?"

His dick hardened immediately. Before he could answer, Kay interjected. "Friday. Our place. Bring your hubby and.." she looked at Stephanie. "You better be there too. Bring your husband or boyfriend."

"What about my girlfriend?" She smiled. "She'll like you, Jenny."

"Great, bring her."

"Sounds like a party." Said Jenny. "Bob's out of town this weekend. He's going fishing with his dad. Sienna is going to stay with his mom. So it will just be me. Is that ok?"

"Sure. I'm sure you will be just fine."

Stay tuned for the next installment. I promise it won't be as long between stories. Unfortunately, life gets in the way of fun sometimes.