 This is a fictional account.

* * * * *

Kayla gunned the engine of her car to pass the slower truck as she raced up route 94 on her way to the family cabin in Door County. Her thoughts were on her boyfriend, or ex-boyfriend as it were, and she seemed to be taking it out on her poor car. Kayla had broken up with Chad a month ago after she caught him screwing his lab partner from his Advanced Chemistry class. He had tried to tell her it meant nothing but she was very hurt all the same and ended it. 

Snow was falling lightly as she drove north. It was a week before Christmas and she was on break from her senior year at Northwestern. She had told her parents she needed to get out of Chicago for a while to clear her head. A few days at their cabin on a lake in Wisconsin would help wonders, she hoped. Her parents had agreed as long as she came back for Christmas. It was bad enough, they said, that she was leaving the day after her twenty-first birthday. 

Northern Wisconsin had already had several early snowfalls and the weather looked potentially like more of the same the next few days. She wanted to get into the cabin and settled before any real snow hit. She would stop at the grocery store on the way and get her supplies for the four or five days she planned to stay. Her dad had said there was gas for the snowmobile so she didn't need to worry about that.

Kayla arrived around mid-afternoon with her groceries. She got the heat turned up in the cabin and unpacked pretty quickly. The most joy she had in a month was finally stopping at a liquor store and being able to purchase alcohol. She bought some vodka, wine and a few different mixers. She planned on having a party of one for several days.

The first night was uneventful. She made dinner and mixed herself several drinks afterwards. The satellite TV got HBO and she watched a good movie. There was a little sex in it and it just made her hornier. Chad and she had been going together for two years. She had gotten used to fucking and sucking with Chad and missed it now. The drinks helped dull her pain and she fell asleep in front of the TV on the couch. She woke at two in the morning and crawled upstairs into her bed. 

When Kayla woke the next morning, she showered and dressed. She made herself breakfast and ate at the table looking out over the lake. It had snowed fairly heavily at night and a beautiful white blanket covered everything. She decided she would get out of the house and go snowmobiling. The lake had a nice trail that took you completely around it. She had done it with her dad many times. 

She cleaned up her dishes and dressed warmly for her ride. The snowmobile was in the garage and she checked the fluids before starting it up like her dad taught her. He had purchased a new Kat last year and the new snowmobile roared with power as she started it. She pulled out of the garage and across the yard to catch the trail around the lake. 

The new snow was nice and powdery and several inches deep covering the older base. She hit the trail and cruised along enjoying the cool crisp sunny day. The new snowmobile had more power than the old one and she tested its speed several times when the trail allowed. 

Soon her thoughts, unfortunately, drifted back to Chad and her mood soured as she traveled along. Her speed seemed to increase too as she thought about her life. She had thought they would be married after they both graduated in the spring. At least that was what she had hoped for. Now, she only had graduation to look forward to. Her thoughts were occupied with her uncertain future as she sped along the trail.

She never saw the deer ahead until he jumped out across the trail in front of her. She swerved to avoid him but that was a mistake too on this narrow path. She left the trail crashing through brush and tiny trees, down a slight embankment and hit a small rock with her front runner. The snowmobile lurched to the left and turned on its side. It plowed through the snow into a sideways slide with her still on it down the embankment. Her body and the snowmobile plowed up snow before it. Her body bent down a couple little trees as she slid.

The snowmobile finally came to rest but with her right leg trapped under it. She was nearly buried in snow that had accumulated as they plowed down the slope. Kayla checked for pain but didn't feel anything too bad. Her back hurt from hitting the trees and her right leg was an unknown. It did not feel too bad but with the weight of the snowmobile she couldn't be sure. She pushed snow away and tried to move. Her leg was pinned fast and she could not budge it or the snowmobile. 

The reality of the situation hit her like a ton of bricks. She needed help and fast. She was dressed warmly but she would not survive too many hours trapped in the snow and cold under the snowmobile. Her hat was also gone and that was very bad. She had left her cell back at the house, a mistake she now regretted. 

Kayla dug out more snow from around her and fortunately found her hat. She put in back on but it was wet so it did not help much at first. She screamed help several times but she was at a part of the trail that did not have houses nearby. Kayla felt like crying but knew she needed to stay strong and think about how she could survive. 

Kayla tried to dig the snow with her gloved hands from around her leg and the snowmobile. It was packed down hard and she could not get too far with just her hands. She pulled her leg hard but her boot would not move and it was buried to deep under the snowmobile. She started crying then.

Kayla was sobbing when she heard the roar of approaching snowmobiles. She stopped to listen and there was no mistake - they were coming her way. She started screaming hoping they would hear her. She listened in horror as they passed right by fifty feet away up the hill without stopping. She could not see them nor could they see her over the side of the hill. As she listened to the sound of the motors fade, she started crying even harder. She was in deep trouble. She might die here.

Kayla was sobbing quietly when she heard voices. She listened.

"I'm telling you I saw snowmobile tracks going off the path," one voice said.

"Where?" the other said.

"Back here somewhere," the first said.

Kayla screamed help as loud as she could. She screamed several times then stopped to listen. She heard nothing and screamed for help again. Then she spotted them as they too saw her over the side of the hill. 

The two men ran towards her down the hill through the snow and brush. It took them only a few moments to reach her.

"You okay?" one asked.

"I'm stuck," Kayla said, "but I think I'm okay."

The two guys looked to be about Kayla's age. They came around the snowmobile and positioned themselves on either side of her. 

"When we lift up see if you can pull free," the slightly larger of the two said.

Kayla watched as the two got handholds on the snowmobile, and then lifted. The snowmobile rose up several inches and Kayla pulled. Her boot came free easily now and she slid back and out from under the snowmobile. The guys set it down when she was clear. 

"Oh, thank you both," Kayla said. "I thought I might die trapped under there."

"No problem, little lady," the taller one said. "My name is Sean and this is Brian."

"My name is Kayla," she said.

"Nice to meet you, Kayla," Sean said. "Can you move?"

"I think so," Kayla said trying to put weight on her freed leg. 

"Can you walk?" Brian asked. 

"It does hurt a little but I don't think it's broken," Kayla said.

"Lucky you," Sean said. "Here let us help you up the hill."

The guys took an arm each and assisted Kayla up the slope to the trail. She could put a little weight on the foot and it did not hurt too bad but it had gone numb under the snowmobile's weight. 

"Can you stand here for a few minutes?" Sean asked.

"I think so," Kayla said.

"Brian and I may be able to right your Kat. If we can, then we can pull it up with our snowmobiles. Wait here. You want to sit?" Sean asked.

"No, I think I can stand," Kayla said.

She watched the two guys move down the slope. They got to the snowmobile and took up the same positions but on the high side of the hill this time. She could hear them say one, two, and three. Then she watched as the snowmobile rose up fairly easily. The downward slope of the hill helped leverage the weight. In another second the snowmobile went over, rocked hard momentarily but stayed righted and came to rest. From where Kayla stood, it did not look too damaged. 'Might even run' she thought. 

The guys scrambled back up the hill. Sarah noticed they weren't even breathing hard. 

"There. We should be able to pull it up now," Sean said. "Our snowmobiles are around the bend."

They each took Kayla's arms and helped her walk around the bend to their snowmobiles. They had parked single file along the side of the trail. Sean and Brian helped her get on Sean's snowmobile. He then got on too and started the engine. Brian had his going next and they turned around to head back to hers.

As they dismounted Brian said, "You know you're very lucky. You picked the one spot to run off the trail with only a few large trees."

They had parked right by the downward slope and Kayla could stay seated and look down the hill to her Kat. As she looked down she noticed if she had left the trial twenty feet in either direction the outcome might have been much worse. Several stands of nearly full grown white birch trees would have been directly in her path. 

"I guess you're right," Kayla said taking in the significance of her luck.

Sean had removed a long rope he had stored under the seat of Brian's snowmobile. He tied it off to the back of Brian's snowmobile and then went around a large tree on the opposite side of the trail. Brian and he then went down the hill with the rope. They pushed the snowmobile so the front end pointed more up the hill and tied it off with the rope. Brian then stayed and waited as Sean came back up. 

Sean got on Brian's snowmobile and slowly gassed it. The rope went taut and pulled from around the tree and down to the Kat. The Kat lurched around and then started climbing the hill as Brian pushed. Sean moved down the trail pulling the rope and Kayla watched as her Kat climbed steadily back towards the path. It looked to be not too badly damaged. In another half minute the Kat came up over the crest of the slope and came to a stop on the trail. Brian untied the rope from her Kat and from around the tree. Sean came back and the two guys retied her snowmobile with a much shorter rope for a tow. 

Within minutes they were moving along the path. Sean was back riding with Kayla in the lead and Brian followed pulling her Kat. It then dawn on Kayla - where were they headed?

"Where're we going?" Kayla shouted against the wind in Sean's ear. 

"My house is not too far from here," he said back.

In another five minutes they pulled off to a side trail of the main path and in another few minutes came upon a cabin. Kayla reasoned they must be on the other side of the lake from her house. The guys killed the engines in the driveway. They inspected Kayla's Kat and it would need some work but not a lot to be trail worthy again.

Sean invited her inside. Their cabin was about the same size as Kayla's. She learned it was Sean's family's and Brian was a visiting college friend. They both went to Wisconsin and were also on Christmas break. The inside of the cabin was nice and the warmth felt good to Kayla. They shed their coats and boots as Sean offered to make her hot chocolate.

It troubled Kayla for a moment being alone with two strange guys in their house but after all they had probably just saved her life and they seemed friendly. She sat down in a chair and removed her right sock. Her ankle did not seem swollen at all but it hurt a little. Her leg had a few scratches and her jeans were torn in two spots on the lower leg. She had just about determined she would live when Sean brought the hot chocolate and Brian a plate of sandwiches. 

Kayla ate a chicken sandwich and drank her hot chocolate. The hot liquid warmed her inside and made her feel better. The guys ate sandwiches too and drank hot chocolate. Sean started a fire in the fireplace. 

"So, you guys are Badgers, huh," Kayla said referring to the mascot for Wisconsin. "I'm a Wildcat."

"Northwestern, huh," Brian grinned.

"Yeah, I think we beat you guys in football this year," Kayla said smiling.

"Maybe, but I think we're going to kill you guys in basketball and wrestling this year," Brian responded with a grin.

"You think so, huh?" Kayla challenged.

"Definitely," Brian stated.

"We'll see, we'll see," Kayla replied. "What grade are you guys?"

"We're seniors. And you?" Brian said.

"Same," Kayla agreed. "What's your major?"

"I'm math and Sean is engineering," Brian responded.

"You want to teach?" Kayla asked Brian.

"Yeah, I think so. I have always loved math," Brian said. "How about you?"

"International Studies," Kayla said. "I'd love to travel. Especially now!"

"Why especially now?" Brian asked.

"I caught my boyfriend cheating on me recently. I thought we might get married after graduation but that seems very remote now," Kayla lamented.

"That's a shame. Where would you like to go?" Sean asked joining the conversation after getting the fire going good. 

"I don't know," Kayla said. "I'd like to start in Europe and then maybe the Pacific Rim."

"That's cool," Brian said.

"It's getting hot in here now," Sean said. He took his sweat shirt off. 

Kayla nearly gasped. This guy was ripped. He had muscles on top of muscles. In the sweatshirt she couldn't really tell but now just in a t-shirt he bulged everywhere.

"I...I really should think about getting home," Kayla said.

"Where do you live?" Sean asked.

"The other side of the lake. My family has a cabin," Kayla said.

"You want to call them and tell them you're all right?" Sean asked.

"No, I was the only one up for the week. No one is there," Kayla said.

"Why not stay for dinner then," Sean said.

"I couldn't impose like that. You guys have already done so much for me today," Kayla said.

"No problem! It's better than eating alone with this guy," Sean joked nodding at Brian.

"Screw you too, Stick," Brian said smiling.

"Stick? Why did you call him, Stick?" Kayla asked.

"Just a nickname," Sean said quickly before Brian could answer.

"It's hot in here now," Brian agreed. He too removed his sweatshirt and was equally as built as Sean if not more so. 

Brian's t-shirt underneath his sweatshirt read 'Wisconsin Wrestling'. 

"Are you guys wrestlers or something?" Kayla asked.

"Yeah, Brian wrestles Varsity at 167 pounds. I'm Varsity too at the 177 pound weight class," Sean said.

"You guys really good?" Kayla asked.

"We were both Big Ten champs at our weight class last year," Brian said. "As a team though, we lost to Iowa by two points for the Big Ten Title."

"Wow," Kayla said. "Impressive."

"Thanks," Brian said. 

"How about it? Stay for dinner?" Sean asked. "We're having steaks."

"Well, since I'm with such celebrities," Kayla joked. "I guess I could."

"Great!" Sean said rising and going into the kitchen. 

"What about my snowmobile?" Kayla yelled after him.

Sean popped back out of the kitchen door and said, "We can tow it over later when we take you home. Is that okay?"

"Sure," Kayla said.

"How's your foot?" Brian asked.

"Not bad," Kayla said. "I'm a little banged up but I'm really surprised I didn't hurt myself worse."

"Yeah, you're one lucky lady not taking out one of those trees," Brian said.

"Don't I know it," Kayla said.

Sean returned. "Hey, you guys up for going in the hot tub?" Sean asked.

"Sounds good to me," Brain said.

"Well, I don't think so," Kayla said.

"Come on, Kayla. It'll be good for your small aches and pains," Brian said.

"Yeah, it will be soothing for you," Sean said.

"I ... ah, I don't have anything to wear," Kayla said.

"Who needs clothes," Brian joked.

"Shut up, Brian," Sean said. "I can find something of my sister's for you," Sean said. "Better yet, come with me."

"I like my idea better," Brian yelled as they walked from the room.

"Don't mind him," Sean said. "He's just trying to be funny."

Sean showed her upstairs to his sister's room. In her dresser they found several swim suits. 

"You can try these on here," Sean said. 

"They look kind of small for me. How old is your sister?" Kayla asked.

"She's nineteen now but I don't know how old those are," Sean admitted.

"Well, I'll try I guess," Kayla said.

"The hot tub will feel good," Sean encouraged.

He left, closing the door. Kayla pulled the suits out and looked at them. They were all bikinis. One looked old and small and she eliminated it right away. Another turquoise one looked better but she checked the bra tab and it said 32B. Kayla was a 36C so no way was she fitting into that. The last one was a pretty print of multiple colors. The bra was a 34B. It would probably be way too small but she thought she would try it on.

Kayla stripped off her clothes feeling tightness in all her joints. Her body was beginning to feel the ordeal it had been through. Her right leg hurt and her back too. They were right. The hot tub would feel good. 

Kayla tried on the bottoms and they fit okay. It was a tie at the hips old style and could reasonably fit for several sizes. The bra was very tight. She could get it on but not well. Her large breasts looked like they were bulging out and the strap dug into her back which was already sore. She decided to use her bra and one of the many t-shirts she could see in the open dresser drawer. She put one on that read 'ADoorAble', obviously a reference to Door County. It too was tight but not overly so. She put her sweatshirt back on and left her other clothes on the bed.

When Kayla came back down the stairs, the guys were on the deck removing the cover to the hot tub. Steam rose in the air when it came off. Kayla noticed they were both in Speedos. Sean had his back to her. He had a tight butt and muscular legs. His upper body was narrow at the waist and broad at the shoulders. He was cut like a body builder. He was definitely extremely strong and fit and close to six foot.

Brian was on the other side helping Sean set aside the cover. He was slightly smaller. His upper body looked hairless and chiseled just like Sean. He had a six pack that was well-defined. The muscles on his arms bulged as he helped with the cover. When he straightened up, Kayla saw the bulge in his Speedo. It was not huge but definitely pleasing to her eye. Brian was blonde and blue eyed. Sean was also blonde, almost red with a few freckles, and blue eyed. One might have taken them for brothers but that was not the case.

Kayla exited the house onto the deck and walked towards them. The cool air nearly took her breathe away. The guys spotted her and smiled as she approached. Both seemed to be looking her over.

Kayla was a package most guys would look at in double takes. She had thick auburn hair with natural waves. It ran down below her shoulders. Her skin was nearly flawless and very white. Her face was cute with high cheekbones and a petite nose. Her eyes were deep brown and inviting. Her lips might have been her best facial feature. At least Chad had thought so. Many people thought she resembled Jennifer Love Hewitt. 

Kayla's best overall feature was without a doubt her breasts. They were full, round and sat high on her chest. Her aureoles were rosy pink and larger than silver dollars. Her nipples were about the size of thimbles when erect and even redder. Kayla was not athletic but she did work out often and had a trim waist. Her legs were shapely and fairly long. She stood close to five seven, not much shorter than Brian. 
