 "Mum wants to fuck you," Brenda informed me over our lunch date, making me nearly spill my soup.

"Say that again? I want to make sure that I didn't hear you wrong," I coughed and sputtered a bit, my face a bit red as I reacted to her surprise announcement.

"My mother wants to do the nasty, the horizontal mambo, the beast with two backs ... she wants to shag you, love. Quite frankly, I think that you should go for it," my girlfriend of just a month told me while I ate my tomato basil soup and grilled cheese sandwich.

"But ... you and I, we're dating. We're a couple. You sold me on it, remember? Convinced me to date you. Admittedly, we never said that we're steady, you know, exclusive... , " I started to say as I drank my coffee, when Brenda put her finger to my lips as she gently interrupted me.

"Exactly. We never talked about monogamy. Was THAT your hang-up about dating me? You were worried that I'd push you to swear off the lasses? No, darling, if that was your worry, I can save you a lot of stress and anxiety right now. That was never my intention. Not at all. In fact, part of me dreaded having this conversation, but I guess that Mum gave me the perfect icebreaker for it, didn't she?

"I was horribly afraid that you'd want fidelity, and then I'd have to break your heart, love. I've enjoyed being your girlfriend, but monogamy's a deal breaker, darling. I'm no one-man woman, but luckily, it seems, you're no one-woman man. Best news I've had since you agreed to be my boyfriend," my English tart assured me before inserting plenty of tongue in my mouth.

"So, all you wanted was to date me and fuck me, then?" I probed the territory of her heart and mind.

"No, love. I want to be your wife. I should make that perfectly clear to you now, dear. I want to be your bride. That doesn't mean that we have to be faithful to each other. There's such a thing as an open marriage, after all. All I want is permanence. I want to know that we can fuck others like the sluts that we are, and then go home to give each other sloppy seconds, and nobody gives the other grief or hell about it.

"I want us to grow old together, too. I want to be sixty, seventy, eighty, and still turn each other on with the memories and stories of our adventures for each other's benefit. Besides, there's something, well ... steamy and dodgy about adultery, don't you think? It's the one sin that, off the top of my head, I haven't committed yet. I love the idea of you having a mistress, me having a paramour. It's sophisticated, worldly, Continental, even. You know, like the French and their easygoing ways about such things.

"Which brings me back to Mum. She wants to fuck you and I want you to do it, too, love. She's, well ... you know how she is. She's an older version of me and that should tell you volumes about why monogamy is a bad arrangement. There's a reason that she cheated on Dad repeatedly over the years. She's just ... not made to be faithful to one guy. She needs too much dick for that.

"Admittedly, he was justified in kicking her out for it, since they didn't have an open marriage at all. It was a bad deal. She kept assuring him that she'd have forgiven him if he cheated, and I do believe that she meant it. She kept urging him to fuck around, too, but at that point, it was too late. He was committed to his decision to toss her arse onto the street. Due to the family home being his by inheritance, he could and did.

"Besides, he's a bit more old-fashioned and believes that fooling around is something that you do before marriage, get it out of your system, but once wed, you're to be strictly faithful, man and wife alike. In any case, that situation convinced me that it was a foolish thing to try to give up the right to get my itches scratched when you're not around ... and the same goes for your needs when I'm unable to gratify you ... or there is one need to that no one person can provide, namely variety.

"Anyway, I want ... I'm pleading with you ... to do this. To sleep with Mum ... and no, this won't cost you my affections or my sexual favours at all. Quite the contrary. Just the idea of you screwing Mum, knocking her up... , " Brenda's face flashed red with obvious desire and I could smell the wetness of her pussy as she unburdened herself of her true intentions a bit.

"Knocking her up? She just divorced from your old man, didn't she? Are they ... you know, intimate at all? As in ex sex? Has she ever let your father back into her panties? I wouldn't be shocked if she did. I'd be more surprised if she didn't, in fact. Be honest with me, dear. Level with me, okay? I don't like lies," I insisted upon everything being upfront here between us.

"Um ... yes, dear. I respect that. I totally get that. Trust me. I shall endeavour to be as honest with you as I can, I swear. Mum and Dad have fucked several times since he kicked her out, even since the divorce became final. She's also been with other men, but... , " Brenda gulped a bit before she continued.

"She ... needs another baby, and she can't get that from Dad, since he always wears a rubber. He's determined not to pay her any child support, though he's been generous enough not to ask her to pay any to him for Julia. I suppose that he's rich enough not to think that he needs it to provide it for my baby sister. Plus, he fought hard for custody and I think that he doesn't want to make it even harder on Mum than it already is.

"Back to Mum and you, though ... she can't ask one of her usual partners to ... do that. She just doesn't trust them to be there for her. You, however ... you're her daughter's beau. You know that I live with her, so you know where to contact her and drop off any payments. And you should know enough by now that you'd realise that she'll fuck you good whenever you pay her the maintenance. She knows that you're the sort of man who wouldn't abandon his brats.

"Yes, I want you to impregnate Mum, strange as that sounds. Not just because I want her to have that baby that she wants, but also because I want a baby brother or sister, and I love the thought that your son or daughter will also be your brother-in-law or sister-in-law. And ... well, the whole idea of you fucking her is very hot, especially bareback that way. Mum is gonna use you regularly for sex and you'd have a long-term affair with the old girl. It's exactly what both of you need ... a lover.

"And then, once we marry, well... , " Brenda stammered a bit.

"Well, what?" I pushed the issue, eager to know what she meant.

"Well, you, she, and I would live together. All three of us. People would tease you about housing your mother-in-law, but she and I would share your body consistently and more than make up for any needling that you got for being seemingly underfoot or double henpecked or whatever. You could make up any excuse that you wished, but the truth would be that you would have another good twenty or so years or more, depending on how well she ages or whatever ... of her arse as well as a lifetime of mine.

"You would breed children on me whose uncle or aunt would also be their half-brother or sister. And when I'm too sore down there to give up the cunny after giving birth, you'd still have Mum's quim. Now, it's your turn to be honest, love. Does any of this scenario appeal to you, even a little?" Brenda turned the tables on me as she finished her club sandwich.

"Yes, but I have another question for you, babe. Is ... any part of this because I'm almost old enough to be your father, certainly old enough to be a younger uncle?" I was curious if my age was a factor.

"Well, yes in a way. You being an older chap does help with all of this. Yes, I have some Daddy issues, I guess, so sue me. I've always know that I'd never have the chance to ride Daddy's dick, but yours is perfectly fine with me. I've accepted what is and what can never be, with apologies to Led Zeppelin. I've made my peace with it. Still, getting to sit on an older man's lap and ride his cock, namely yours, that's the stuff of dreams for me.

"It helps with Mum, too. She knows that you'll treat her well, just as you do with me. So what if you're shagging your wife and mother-in-law on a daily basis, right? So ... by your own admission, you'd love to get into her knickers often. That can be all arranged. Think of it, love! One hour, you're inside her and the next you're inside me! Besides ... well," Brenda blushed again.

"Well, what?" I confronted her.

"I've had incestuous fantasies about Mum for the longest time. What do you think of you, me ... and her having threesomes? I'd love to eat her cunny or bum and lick your cum straight from either hole. You know that I'm bisexual, right? So is she, I'm sure of it! What's more natural than for the three of us to end up tangled in the sheets and my mouth to wander over to her fanny and start licking away? Imagine years of this, having Mum as our secret lover ... what do you say, darling, my sweet Yank?" Brenda straight-up offered me the ultimate male fantasy, making me rock hard even as I pinched myself, because this didn't happen for real, did it?

"And ... your old man? Where does he fit into this? What do you gals have planned for him?" I was curious now.

"He ... keeps sleeping with Mum and hopefully she talks him out of the rubbers in time. I don't think that they'll ever reconcile, but getting her cunt stuffed by his dick is an excellent alternative. They still crave each other, but Dad is afraid that she'll give him a social disease, you know. Hence the rubbers, between that and his fear of more babies. Granted, Dad's got a girlfriend now, but I think that Julia can play her role and discourage anyone more ... possessive for him ... for Mum's sake," Brenda let more of the plan slip out now.

"Her role?" I rose to the bait.

"Chasing off girlfriends if they get too jealous. She'll let them get just close to share his bed, but once they've shown signs of getting too territorial, she'll make it unbearable for them. No, she knows that he won't sleep with her any more than he'd sleep with me. That doesn't matter. She is to keep any relationship from becoming too entrenched, so that Mum can keep fucking him. The way she sees it, this is no betrayal.

"This is what he needs, a string of lovers who can keep him in good shape and happy, while not so controlled that he deprives Mum of his cock. That way, Dad gets more than one lady, because that's what he truly needs. If Mum gets to be lecherous, why can't Dad? This is just buying time, anyway. When we find the right sort of woman for Dad, then Julia will help her seduce him and stake her claim on him," Brenda confessed sheepishly as we paid the bill and left the cafe.

"When your mother tires of him or ... when you've worn down his defenses and ensured that the lucky bride, your future stepmother is the sort just wicked enough to let Dad have his playtime with his ex?" I inquired with a playful wink, making Brenda giggle a bit.

"Um ... the latter. Mum's never going to tire of Dad, no matter how old-fashioned he is. In fact, aside from that one issue, she loves that about him. If she could sell him on a reconciliation, she'd do it, too. But since she can't, it's best to handpick her successor, one that she can trust will look the other way when she entices him into bed. Until then, Julia's to give them just enough rope to hang themselves, and then spring the trap every time. At least that's the plan, anyway," Brenda assured me.

"And just what is Julia's end game, if I might ask?" I was rather intrigued by this point as we got into my truck and headed for her flat (dating a Brit has sometimes rubbed off on me).

"She's going to eventually end up in your bed, too, if she has her way. I'm open to it, to be sure. Right now, she's jailbait, but in just two years, she'll be legal and go for it, lover! The way that I see it, the other men are nice for a toss or tumble in the hay or the sack, but there's only two men worthy of the hearts and minds of the women of our family: you and Dad. Maybe that will change if I get a little brother out of this, in time, but for now, that's how it is. So, how about it, darling? Penny for your thoughts," Brenda encouraged me.

"Pay me in kisses. They're worth a lot more than pennies," I chuckled, and Brenda did just that, making out with me in the car before we got out, now that we were at her apartment.

"So ... I'm open to this, but I have to wonder ... which men do you have in mind for this for yourself? Do you have ... a guy already?" I was unsure about that part, if it was true or not.

"Please don't get angry, but I'm ... occasionally screwing my boss, Mr. Ruiz. He's married, so I've been eating his wife out on the side to keep her sweet about it. She's pretty yummy, too, that Angela. So ... any chance that I could just ... move in with you, Mum as well? Why wait for marriage, right? We're not old-fashioned prudes, after all. I know that it's a bit early, but you'd have two ladies hauling your ashes for the rest of your life. True, she's a bit slutty, just like me, but you don't mind that, do you? You love sluts. You just hate hypocrites, which I can respect," Brenda confessed, looking a bit flustered and worried as she unlocked the front door.

"Come here, you!" I told her with a deep tongue kiss as I took her in my arms.

"Oh, lover! Let's take this inside!" Brenda urged me, as I opened the front door to her apartment and carried her over the threshold, much to her amusement and delight.

Before I knew it, I felt kisses on the back of my neck and turned to see Miranda Roberts, her mother, who then planted a lip lock on me that left me certain that she craved me every bit as much as her daughter claimed. I wasn't being played for a fool at all. Instead, Brenda got my pants down and literally kissed my ass while her mother fell to her knees, her eyes pleading for my dick, which she tentatively licked to gauge my response. This was an ambush, I realized, not that I minded, as there was nothing bad about being seduced by my girlfriend and her mother.

I reached down and caressed Miranda's hair, even as Brenda parted my cheeks and started to rim me with a vengeance. As I felt the intense stirring of my lust, I felt something warm and wet, and looked down to see half of my cock buried in my girlfriend's mother's mouth. Her lips and tongue slathered all over my prick, swirling to add to my pleasure as her daughter and she held onto my legs for dear life. I nearly toppled over from the intense pleasure of Miranda's oral services, her hot mouth and slick tongue on my cock.

"Simon, Brenda, my darlings, let's take this to the bedroom, shall we?" Miranda encouraged us, and sure enough, we left a path of clothes on the way to bed.

What followed was distinctly something out of my wildest fantasies, but better than that or porn. It wasn't just rough sex, mind you, though it wasn't too tender. There was a good real of roughness, to be sure, but it was also quite loving, as Brenda showed as she smothered me with kisses the entire time I thrust in and out of her mother's twat. She also played with my ass more than a little, not to mention my balls. The effect on me was electric, to put it mildly, as I fought not to cum just yet more than once.

Brenda didn't exactly make it easy for me to stop from cumming, either, as she started talking wildly while I banged her mom. The more she talked, the hotter and heavier it got and the more Miranda pushed harder with her hips, working things better to get me deeper in her twat. I looked down at her face and she lifted her legs to above my shoulders to help me go longer and further inside her, closer to her womb. Her warm, wet cunt was just too slippery and inviting, and something was sure to bring me past the point of no return.

That something was Miranda screaming at me, "Don't you dare pull out, Simon! I want your fucking bastard in me and you're gonna put it in me or I shall never forgive you!"

I don't generally go for demands from women, but, hey, THAT one was flattering as hell and I shot my seed inside her so fast my own head should have spun.