 I had just gotten divorced and a few of my friends wanted to cheer me up, so they threw a party to get rid of my blues. I was not real thrilled to be going to a party and looked forward to Friday night with little enthusiasm. 

Friday night rolled around and I got directions to the party. I had never been to this house before but it was in the higher rent district of town. I drove past the golf course and turned into the lane of the house. It was something to see. I knocked on the door and when it opened there was a very pretty petite blonde woman standing there. She said "hello my name is Susan, and who are you?" 

I said my name is Stephen. She smiled and grabbed my arm and pulled me inside. 

"The guest of honor has finally arrived," she shouted and led me into her house and over to the bar. She turned and looked at me with a gleam in her eye and asked, "what is your pleasure?" I smiled and said a beer. She tilted her head slightly, smiled and leaned over to get a beer from the bar fridge, pushing her ass into my leg as she did. I did not move and felt the pressure increase slightly, until she stood up and turned to hand me the beer. She said, "it will be my pleasure to serve you tonight," and smiled a very wicked smile. Just as fast, she turned and went into the party.

I stood there a couple of minutes, thinking about what had happened. I took a sip of my beer, straightened my cock, which had started to get hard, and moved into the party, to see whom all was here.

A couple of the girls I worked with came over and said hi and hugged me and asked me to dance. I loved the attention and set my beer down and danced a fast with the two of them. Lots of bumping and moving was doing nothing to soften my cock. The dance ended and I returned to my beer. Someone put a slow dance on and I felt a tap on my shoulder. I turned and there was Susan. She smiled at me again and said, " I believe this dance is mine." I took her hand, put my hand on her hip and started to dance. She looked up at me and whispered, "hold me tighter," as she moved close and pressed her body next to mine. I move my hand to her shoulder and the other to the small of her back and danced. Someone turned the lights down and as they dimmed she ground her hips into my hard cock. I moved my hand down to her lovely tight ass and ground back. It had been a long time since someone had come onto me and I loved it.

The dance ended and as I let go her, her hand dropped and slid across my hard cock. Cock twitched as her hand moved across it and I saw her close her eyes for a minute, then turned and walked over to the couch. I followed and picked up my beet along the way. I sat beside her and took a sip of my beer. I asked where her husband was. She said he had died a couple of years ago. I expressed my sympathy and put my hand on her knee. She moved her leg close to mine so my hand could move to the inside of her leg. I squeezed it slightly and looked into her eyes. Someone shouted from across the room and broke the spell. I got up and went to get another beer.

Susan came up behind me and pushed me out of the way. She said, " I told you I would server you tonight, you are the guest of honor." I smiled and moved so she could squeeze past me. Instead of bending over to get the beer she kneeled down. When she handed me up the beet, she looked directly at the bulge in my pants, then up into my eyes. Before standing she rubbed her hand over my hard cock a couple of times. Now I may be slow, but I am not stupid and I could not wait for this party to end. I helped her up and she left to mingle.

Shortly, the party was coming to a close and people started to drift out. I was in agony waiting for every one to leave. When it was down to Susan, another woman, and me named Debra, I moved next to Susan in the kitchen. When Debra left to get some more dishes, I pulled Susan close to me, leaned down and kissed her. My tongue moved across her lips and into her mouth. She moaned into my mouth and pushed her hips into my cock. I heard Debra coming back and broke the kiss and moved to the counter. Susan took the plates and said that is that.

I thought Debra was going to leave, but she said, " I am going to bed and leave you to alone. Nice meeting you Stephen." She gave me her hand, which I shook and then she left Susan and I alone. I looked at Susan and said, "I guess I will be going so you can get to bed too." She moved close to me, pulled my down and kissed me, pushing her tongue into my mouth. When she broke the kiss, she took my hand and led me to her bedroom. "I am going to bed, but not without you." She said as she closed her bedroom door. I stood watching her as she turned towards me. 

I sat on the bed and told her to stop where she was. She did and looked at me. I moved up on the bed and I told her to strip. She smiled and began to unbutton her blouse. She pushed it off her shoulders and it landed on the floor. Her hands moved behind her to undo her bra and then slipped it off. Her breasts were not huge, but nice and perky and her nipples were hard. I smiled and while admiring her breasts told her to continue. Her hands went to the zipper of her skirt and as she slid it down her legs, she removed her panties at the same time. Standing she looked me straight in the eyes and could see my lust for her. 

She started to walk towards the bed, but I told her to stop. I wanted to admire her body. She blushed slightly as I looked from her tits down her flat stomach and to her shaved pussy. I stood and walked over to her. I lifted my hand and moved my fingers over her hard nipples and cupped her breasts. Dropping my hand down her stomach, I lightly touched her pussy then moved away. "Undress me." I said in a somewhat stern voice. She moved to me and pulled my shirt over my head. She then dropped to her knees and removed my shoes and socks. Looking up at me, she undid my belt and pulled my pants down and off my legs. Her hands went to my briefs and as she pulled them down, my hard 9-inch cock sprang out and bobbed before her face. 

She looked up at me and said, " I knew it was going to be nice." I put my hand on her head and pulled her mouth onto my cock. Her hands came up to cup my balls as she sucked my cock deep into her mouth. After a few minutes, she pushed me back onto the bed and crawled between my legs and put her mouth back on to my cock. Damn this woman could suck dick. For as petite as she was, she could swallow my entire cock into her throat. She played with my balls as she sucked and licked my cock and when I told her I was close, she shoved a finger into my ass. Never had anyone done that before. I shot over and over into her mouth, moaning as I came filled her mouth with six months worth of cream. She sucked me dry and then climbed onto the bed next to me. "I told you I would serve you tonight," she said as she kissed me.

"Now it is my turn," I said as I lowered my head and lips to suck her nipples. As I sucked her hard nipples I let my hand move down her stomach to her shaved pussy. Damn she was wet. I slid a finger into her and fucked her with my finger. She moaned and after a few minutes said "I want your cock in me." I move between her legs, lifted them onto my shoulders and pointed the head of my cock at her pussy. I looked into her blue eyes and slammed my cock deep into her with one push. She shouted, "Oh my G-d." as I fucked her hard and fast. 

She came quickly and afterwards I turned her on her knees. She looked over her shoulder at me and said, "my favorite position." I rubbed the head of my cock up and down her wet pussy lips before grabbing her hips and slamming into her again. It did not take long for to cum again. I did not remove my cock from her tight hot pussy, just waited for her to cum and then started fucking her again. She pulled forward a little causing my cock to side out of her pussy and up between her ass cheeks. She wiggled her ass back and forth as my cock lay between her cheeks. Nonverbal communication is great, so I aimed my cock at the tight opening of her ass and pushed. She squealed and pushed back. My cock sank into her tight ass.

Grabbing her hips, I fucked her ass hard. It was incredibly tight and it did not take long for me to cum. Pulling her ass hard onto my cock, I started to shoot another load into her ass. When I finished cumming, my cock slipped out of her ass and I lay down on her, my cock across her leg. She turned and kissed me and then got up and got a wash cloth to clean off my cock. It was warm and felt great and I found myself getting hard again. She smiled at me and climbed on top, slowly lowering her pussy onto my hard cock.

We fell asleep after fucking a few a more time. I woke up in the morning getting a blowjob. I looked over and saw Susan lying next to me, smiling. Looking down it was Debra sucking my cock. She looked up at me with my cock in her mouth and then at Susan. She did not stop until I came in her mouth and she swallowed it all. She crawled up and lay beside me. Debra on one side and Susan on the other and me in the middle. We drew straws to see which one of us would take you to bed first. I laughed and thought to myself, I am glad today is Saturday. The three of us spent the day in bed fucking and sucking each other. Talk about getting rid of the blues!!!