 She pulled into the warehouse of the delivery company she worked for, so she could park she van for the weekend. "Man, I need this week-end!" she thought as she went upstairs to drop her keys off and log out. This close to Christmas and the workload almost doubled for delivery people. People seemingly unaware that Christmas always comes in December, waited to the last minute and expected us to get it there for them.

"I will see you Monday, Sarah," she hollered as Sarah waved when she went by, finally heading for home. "Hey Kelly!" yelled her boss, Tom coming from behind her. Acting like she didn't hear him, she speeded up. "Hey Kel!" he said running to catch up with her, she stopped to look at him while he tried to catch his breath

"Kelly, I really need you to deliver this one package tonight," Tom said as her eyes narrowed from anger. "No can do, Tom, I am on my way home," she said as evenly as she could. "Please Kelly, I'll add an hour to your timecard," he said almost begging. "They paid extra to have it delivered tonight and it's on your way home!" Even though she really enjoyed hearing him beg, she felt bad for him; this was an even more stressful time for him.

"All right Tom, but you owe me big!" she said, hating herself for being such a softy." Thanks Kel, I knew I could count on you!" Tom said handing her the package. "Yeah, they'll be a spot in heaven for me," she muttered angrily, more at herself than Tom. Kelly got to her car and looked at the address on the box, "Well, damnit!" she hollered, it was clear across town from her place.

Finally finding the house, she was impressed at how big it was and a great neighborhood too. Going up to the door, Kelly rang the bell as it started to snow, listening to the chimes echo through the house. "Oh come on people, please be home," she was thinking as the door finally opened. "Hello, I have a package for Greg and Cindy Smith," she said. Oh, I'm Greg Smith, come on in", he said.

Walking in the front door, she got to look around a little, while checking out Mr. Smith. "He is a very good looking man, even though he's older than me," she thought. He was probably mid to late forties, very fit and tanned. His blond hair lay over his collar, ice blue eyes, that lit up when he smiled and a smile that could make you willing to do anything to get one.

"Excuse me!" he said, rather loudly as it jolted her out of her thoughts. "You must have been a million miles away," he said smiling. She blushed, having been caught checking this guy out. "Busy time of the year, guess I was sleeping with my eyes open," she said with a laugh. It was really warm in there, as the red crept up her face and she was standing there grinning like an idiot.

Greg was standing there looking at her, "She's so beautiful," he thought. Long dark hair, coffee brown eyes and lips that needed to be kissed. She was looking around at the house, while he checked her out. She was very sexy, full subtle breasts and legs that seemed to do on forever. "Are you done for the day?" Greg asked. "Yes I am sir," Kelly said. "It's so cold outside, how would you like to stay for a drink?" Greg asked. Kelly was looking doubtful as he hurriedly said, "Just in appreciation for bringing this all the way out here tonight?"

"Cindy!" Greg hollered, "We have company!" As she walked into the room, Cindy knew at once what Greg wanted to do. "Hello there," she said warmly to Kelly, extending her hand. Kelly shook her hand but was a little uncomfortable about drinking with a customer. Cindy was watching the array of emotions going across Kelly's face, noticing how pretty she was. "Probably about 23 or 24," Cindy thought, "but she is gorgeous."

Greg made drinks for all of them as they sat down to talk, making Kelly's a little stronger than theirs. Kelly was starting to feel more comfortable as she finished the drink, looking up she seen Cindy bringing another. Knowing she should leave but these were real nice people and they were telling jokes and laughing. Kelly thought Cindy was the prettiest woman she had ever seen. 

Blond hair, cut in a fashionable style, with green eyes, that were soft and comforting. Her smile made you want to smile back, very petite, although she had very full breasts and tiny waist and perfect hips. Kelly was starting to feel an ache in her crotch just looking at her. "Now, settle down you horny little twit," Kelly chastised herself, "She's way out of your league." But, damn she wanted her!

She was starting to get a little tipsy, while her favorite song came on. "Oh, I love this song, wanna dance, Greg?" Kelly said looking around. "Greg had to run to the store, to get more scotch," Cindy said giggling, "But I'll dance with you." "Okay!" Kelly exclaimed. It was a slow song. so they went into each other's arms, giggling. As they danced, slow and easy, Kelly started tingling in her crotch area.

They looked at each other as Cindy's mouth came down to capture Kelly's. Lightly at first, a little unsure, as they explored each other's mouth's. Licking and nibbling on each other's lips as their tongues intertwined together. Moaning into each other's mouths, they explored every corner of the other ones mouths. Starting to get excited, they kissed with more intensity, holding each other tighter.

Kelly started caressing Cindy's breasts gently, running her fingers around as if to trace them. They both started undressing as their breathing quickened and so did their hands. Rubbing against each other's naked bodies was so soft, so sensuous for both of them. Nipples to nipples, belly's to belly as Cindy grabbed Kelly's ass to pull her forward to grind her clit against Kelly's.

They sank to the floor as they both started to moan, music forgotten. Kelly bent over and sucked one of Cindy's nipples into her mouth. Licking and gently biting, Kelly savored each breasts, while Cindy's nipples got harder and harder. Cindy was really enjoying the assault on her nipples, as she let her hand trail down Kelly's belly. Kelly started licking down Cindy's belly as Cindy shivered in anticipation.

Kelly started licking her aroused clit fast and then real slow "Ohhhh yeah baby," Cindy purred. "You are so good at that, honey". "Mmmm, tastes so good," Kelly, said gasping as Cindy's fingers found her hard love button. "Oh baby, you have a swelling right here, turn around and let Cindy see if she can lick that down." Turning around so they could sixty-nine, both women dove into the other's aroused pussies. Licking up and down, sucking on each other's hard clit's while they thrashed around on the floor.

Kelly felt a hand on her butt, turning around she saw Greg had returned from the store. Kelly, feeling a little embarrassed at being caught with Greg's wife's clit in her mouth. With a smile, Greg said, "Honey let me have some of that," as Cindy rolled over a little and kissed Greg hard. Greg tasting Kelly's wetness on his wife's mouth was almost more than Greg could handle. He starting licking and nipping everywhere Kelly's juices were on his wife's mouth.

Kelly was looking up and saw Greg's hard cock just inches above her face as she rose up and sucked it into her mouth. Greg hips involuntarily jerked as he felt Kelly's sweet lips on his cock. He gasped into his wife's mouth as Kelly licked in circles on the head of his throbbing cock, then licking up and down his shaft. All of them were trembling with unreleased passion as they lick and sucked on whatever and whoever was closest to their mouths. 

Greg rolled over pulling Kelly on top of him as he stuck his tongue into her wet cunt as Cindy tongue fucked her ass. Whimpering as Cindy kept up her assault on her bum hole, while Greg drank from her pussy, Kelly started shaking and trembling and the other two knew she could not hold back much longer. Manipulating Kelly between them, Greg and Cindy turned Kelly on her side and raised her leg. Greg drove his hard cock into Kelly's hot pussy as they both gasped from the heat of it.

"Oh, it's so big." Squealed Kelly as Greg paused, so Kelly's wetness could accommodate his huge cock while driving his tongue into Kelly's mouth. He flipped her over, so she was top, never releasing his claim on her mouth. While Greg was pumping up and down in her hotness, Kelly whimpered as she felt Cindy's tongue on her ass again. Kelly thought she would pass out from the intense pleasure these two were giving her.

While Greg was driving his cock into Kelly's wet pussy, the smell of the sweet juices in the air as he fucked her hard was almost enough to send him over the edge. Cindy continued licking and tongue fucking Kelly's ass, she just loved the taste of it, always had. But that was not the only surprise they had in store for Kelly. Watching her husband fucking this young girl was so exciting for Cindy.

Kelly tried to sit up on Greg's cock but didn't want to give up the assault Cindy was giving her ass. She was getting so close to cumming that she could feel the pressure building as she gave and got fucked hard and fast by Cindy and Greg. Even in her passion filled delirium Kelly sensed rather than felt, something different as Greg held her tight.

Looking around, she saw Cindy standing over her and Greg with a two-headed strap on. Fearful at first, Kelly starting shaking as Cindy pumped the huge cock of the strap on, in and out of her own wet pussy as her head tipped back. in pleasure, Kelly was having so much fun that the sight of that excited her more.

Feeling Cindy's wet finger in her asshole consumed her with passion. Feeling the weight on her back, Kelly looked back just as Cindy rammed the smaller end into her wet asshole. "Aaaaahhhhhh Goddd," Kelly hollered as Greg and Cindy matched their rhythm together. Tossing her head back and forth while the two of them continued fucking her as she started to cum.

Feeling Kelly cumming, Greg and Cindy knew they could have their release soon as the continued pumping Kelly together. "Ooooohhhh yesssssss, fuck both my holes, fuck me hard," Kelly screamed as Cindy started cumming also, Right by Kelly's ear, Cindy was hollering, "I'm fucking your asshole baby, and you can't stop me." "Greg's fucking your wet little pussy and I'm fucking your tight little asshole!"

Greg hearing his wife's cum, could not hold back as he started shooting his load into Kelly. "Take us both baby, we are going to make us all cum while we fuck you sooo hard," He screamed while consumed with his cum. As they all finished their orgasms they collapsed into a heap, relishing in their afterglow.

After what seemed an eternity, they all got their breath back. Greg raised his head up and smiled at both of the women. "Who wants a drink?" he said as they all started to laugh!