 I absolutely had to get this true story down the first chance I had before I could forget any of the details. Not that I could easily forget the images that are ingrained in my mind after the surprise outing last night.

It was about six-thirty when my girlfriend Kelly arrived home and told me to wash up because she had a surprise for me. I love surprises so after my shower, I anxiously waited as she took hers and then spent an inordinate amount of time in the bathroom getting ready. When she finally appeared, I was more than a little pleased at the outfit that she had put on. She was wearing a black skirt made from some thin material that clung to her body and a red blouse that had the top two thirds of the buttons open. She had taken the time to put on make-up, which explained the delay in the bathroom, and was wearing what she calls her "ghetto fabulous" earrings. They are rather large gold hoops that I had bought her on a trip to the Middle East.

Overall, the look that she had going was extremely sexy and a little bit slutty. Just the kind of thing to get me going. When she bent down to put on her shoes, I noticed that the stockings she was wearing were actually thigh highs and ended in a tight lace band just above the bottom of her skirt.

I wasn't sure where we would be going with her dressed like that, but I couldn't wait to find out. I quickly grabbed my jacket and was about to put it on when she told me to hold on, we weren't leaving just yet.

"But I thought we were going out", I said.

"We are. . .in a little. Can't you wait or are you in that much of a rush?"

I had to admit that I really didn't care what we did, stay in or go out, I just knew I was almost jumping out of my skin with excitement over getting a surprise and getting to see her dressed this way.

"Why don't you have a seat at the table?" She asked.

I did as she suggested and watched as she got some of our liquor bottles off the shelves. I recognized immediately what she was making us even before she put the ingredients down in front of me. Irish Car Bombs are one of my favorite drinks when I'm trying to get drunk and I could see that she made mine extra strong with a double shot of whiskey.

"Here's to new things", she said as she raised her glass.

"To new things", I replied before we both dropped the shot glasses into the Guinness and pounded the resulting foamy concoction.

We ended up doing another one together, but after that, she had me do three more alone. I asked her if she was going to drink anything else and she reminded me that we were going out and she needed to drive.

"I just needed something to give me a buzz so I have the nerve for tonight, but I want you a little drunk."

I have to say that that statement intrigued me. We normally had our dirtiest sex when we were drunk, but I couldn't figure out why she would want to get a buzz on before leaving the house. Obviously we weren't going anywhere that served alcohol because after five car bombs with double shots, I was going to be pretty bombed myself.

I had drank them fast, so I was still pretty sober, but as the alcohol absorbed, I could feel myself getting light headed. I was quickly moving into that place that anyone who drinks knows and loves, where you've had just enough to feel really good about yourself with plenty of confidence, but not enough that you are sick.

"Alright, let's go," she said as she stood and began making her way out of the apartment.

When I got to the top of the stairs, I realized that I was definitely starting to feel the effects of the alcohol. Looking down, I felt a little unsteady and had to rely heavily on the railing.

Once we were in her car, I asked where we were going, but got no reply other than, "You'll see."

As we drove, I tried to figure out what our destination was going to be. I was very familiar with the area, but all the possibilities that occurred to me were quickly discounted. I was completely surprised about five minutes later when we pulled into an adult bookstore. It wasn't a place I had been to before, but had driven by it plenty of times. It was fairly large and advertised as having videos, magazines and novelties as well as private viewing booths.

As soon as we entered, Kelly went straight to the counter and asked for twenty dollars in tokens for the booths. These I could see were through a doorway near the back of the store. Ah-ha! So we're going into a peep booth! I've always wanted to bring a girl into one and have sex while the dirty movies played. Something about being in a semi-public place like that, watching porn, and having sex was raunchy enough to be a really big turn-on.

We walked into the dimly lit hallway that was lined on both sides with doorways into the booths. The sounds of poor quality porn soundtracks could be heard as well as the loud moans and groans that punctuate any video sex scene. As we passed a couple of the booths, the sounds of the occupant breathing heavily could be heard.

Kelly seemed to be carefully selecting a booth and we walked the whole length before going back to one that was close to the end of the hall, but not the last. It was next to an occupied booth and the one on the other side of it was open. As we shut the door I took in the surroundings. It was small, but still had plenty of room for two people to stand. There was a bench immediately adjacent to the door and across from that was the video screen. Kelly put about 5 tokens into the slot and immediately it lit up, first showing a gay sex scene. Using the scroll buttons to one side of the screen she went by a lesbian scene, a man masturbating, a couple having sex, a couple in foreplay, and then a woman in the middle of a gangbang.

This last one she left on. I had been turned on since about the time that we walked into the store, but when she turned to me and lifted her skirt to show that she wasn't wearing any underwear, I practically came. I took in the tops of her thigh highs and up to her freshly shaved pussy, but what really floored me was just above her slit, where her hair should have been was the word "SLUT" scrawled in what appeared to be black permanent marker. I had joked about her getting such a tattoo, even though I really wouldn't want her too, but had conceded that if she were to ever write it on herself that would be perfect. Whenever we had really dirty sex I liked to call her that, but it was an even bigger turn on when she called herself such names.

"So how do you like your surprise so far?"

"I love it!" And I really did. This was by far the most erotic thing that anyone had ever done for me and the fact that it was a surprise just doubled the impact.

"Well, I'm not done yet", she said as she reached for my belt.

As her hands opened my belt and then my fly I leaned forward to kiss her, but was rebuffed. "Why don't you watch the movie."

The way we were standing was perfect for my view. As she removed my cock from it's confinement, I could look over her shoulder and watch the girl in the movie as she now rode one dick while simultaneously sucking another.

Her hands were cool as she began to stroke my cock as she licked and sucked on my neck. She had rolled the skirt around her hips, so she was still naked from the waist down. After a few pulls on my dick, she finished helping me out of my pants. It was a struggle to pull them off over my shoes, but the sense of actually being undressed with only a cheap door between myself and anyone walking by was amazing.

The room had begun to move a little during the struggle to undress so I took a seat on the bench. I had enough alcohol in me that it didn't really matter to me that I was sitting with my bare skin on a bench in a peep booth with who knows what kind of germs on it. Everything was beginning to take on a surreal aspect as I continued to take in the sight of my sexy girlfriend showing off her hot pussy, the porn playing behind her and the various other sounds that penetrated the walls.

"Okay, here's your surprise," she said as she moved towards the side of the booth. In the wall about a foot and half in front of where I was sitting was a hole about four inches in diameter. I hadn't noticed it before, but I knew exactly what it was for. Kelly reached her hand through and I hear her snap her fingers to get the occupant on the other side of the wall's attention.

As she withdrew her hand, she explained exactly what my surprise was.

"I know you always fantasize about watching me with another guy, but I'm not sure I could do that. I would be embarrassed to approach someone I know and a stranger is too dangerous. So here's my compromise." As she was speaking, I saw a cock appear through the hole and move forward until the owner of it was pressed against his side of the wall.

"Surprise!" She half whispered in a husky voice as she reached into her purse and pulled out a bottle of lube. She squirted some into her hand and then rubbed her hands together simultaneously warming it and making sure both hands were slippery. "I'm not going to fuck him, but you're still going to get a show."

With that she grabbed a hold of the strangers cock with her left hand and began to slowly stroke it up and down. With her right hand, she reached for my cock and began rubbing it in tandem with the motion she was using on the other guy.

It seemed like I couldn't take everything in at once as my eyes darted from the screen playing behind her, to her hand stroking a stranger's cock, to the look of guilty pleasure on her face. I could barely wrap my mind around the idea of my girl acting so dirty. The slippery, squishy sounds that were being made each time she stroked to the tops of our dicks could be heard over everything else.

I could hear a rushing in my ears as I focused on her smooth hand gliding up and down a strange dick. Suddenly I knew I couldn't hold back any longer and I muttered "I'm cumming." Just before I began to squirt my cum up onto her hand and arm.

It was way more than a normal cum, probably because I was so much more turned on then normal. Semen was splattered almost all the way up to her elbow and the rest was overflowing out of her hand and running between my balls onto the seat. She slowly gave my cock a few more squeezes milking the last little bit out.

By this point, she had stopped stroking the other guy, but she now looked from me, to his dick, and then back again. "Do you want me to finish him off?" She asked.

"Please," was all I could croak as I gently removed her hand and began to stroke myself.

A flicker of uncertainty passed over her face as she looked at the globs of cum that covered her hand, but with a shrug of her shoulders she began using her right hand as well on the cock sticking through the wall. My cum quickly mixed with the lube that was already there to make a whitish froth appear between her fingers as she used both hands to manipulate him.

Until now, she had been leaning over in order to touch us both, but now with her attention focused solely on this stranger, she crouched down, putting his dick more at chest level.

As she began to stroke him faster, we could hear hard breathing through the wall. Suddenly she looked over at me and told me, "Quick honey. Pull my shirt up."

So standing, I used my clean hand to pull her shirt up until it was completely above her breasts. I continued to stroke myself as I stood there watching her jerking so fast that each time her hands hit the wall it made noise.

Suddenly, we both heard a loud groan and the cock swelled in her hands. She quickly moved forward so it was almost touching the area between her gorgeous tits. As the first stream of cum erupted and struck her smooth skin I too got to the point of no return. Too turned on to say anything, the splatter of my cum hitting the side of her face was her first warning and she turned her head with her mouth wide open to take the rest of it. It seemed like the stranger and I were synchronized as he continued to spray cum onto her breasts and I shot mine into her mouth.

Kelly was constantly moving his dick left and right getting it all over both of her tits. With a final grunt, the dick was pulled back leaving nothing but an empty hole. Kelly used her now empty hands to rub the strangers cum onto her breasts and used her mouth to suck the last drop of cum from my dick.

Pulling her mouth of my still had cock with an audible pop, she leaned back while looking up into my eyes and said, "I love you."

I took in the streaks in her make-up from the cum that missed her mouth, the semen of a stranger that coated both of her breasts and the droplets of it that had landed on her upper thighs. The word 'slut' could still be seen below her bunched up skirt and her whole body was flushed with her efforts. I looked into her beautiful searching eyes and said, "I love you too." And I meant it.

Pulling her up into my arms, I kissed her salty mouth and thanked her repeatedly for such a great surprise. Suddenly though, our peaceful moment after an evening of debauchery was broken by a knocking on the door.

"Kelly. . .Jason? Are you guys in there?"

I recognized the voice of my best friend. Despite the fact that I was startled that he was there, I couldn't help notice the color drain out of Kelly's face. Before I could ask what was up though, his next words explained her expression.

"I'm sorry I'm so late Kel, I know I ruined the surprise. But did just the two of you have fun?"