 I took a further two days off work and spent a lot of time playing and thinking about what I wanted to do next. It was one thing fantasising about these things, but the reality is something else and I so loved it. I felt that I could go further, but was I mad!! I had been degraded and used in the car park, allowed myself to be practically raped and I felt I could go further. How could I? Where would this lead?

I have always believed men were led by their pricks, now it was dawning on me that women could just as easily be led by their clits. Maybe not women in general, I was talking about me. I had never come across a woman with the desires my mind and body were expressing. It's like I had tasted the forbidden fruit and just wanted more and more. It was not the sex, oh no, not the sex at all, yes I loved the cocks the filling all of my holes. But it was the submission, the humiliation and the degradation and I knew that I could take a whole lot more of this.

On the second day, I arranged for some pampering at my beauty salon, I had my usual masseur, Julie a lady of about 45 years old, slim and well groomed, as you would have imagined in this business. As I got there I remembered my bruising, there was not a lot I could do. I allayed her fears that I had not been beaten and that my celebration of my divorce had turned out more energetic than I had intended. As I lay on the table her gentle ministrations to my aching body worked a treat and I soon was in a deep trance.

So deep that I started to dream of being kissed, stroked, pulled, pinched ..... my mind suddenly kicked in and woke me, I was on the table being massaged, and oh was my body reacting .... My nipples were erect and tingling, my pussy swollen and dripping. Julie smiled at me.

"Don't worry, your not the first to have been turned on by a massage and you won't be the last, although you're the first girl who has been after having been a client for so long. Let me help you"

She slipped her finger onto my clit and slowly manipulated it.

"I only do this for my best clients"

She bent over and ran her tongue, where her finger had been. I just grabbed her head and thrust my pubis into her face. It took seconds for me to cum. She put her hand over my mouth as she licked and sucked. I could only growl through her hands and buck my hips involuntarily.

As I completed, she continued the massage, turning me on my front.

"So tell me, why so horny"

I gave a censored version of the last few days, which she just listened to. When I mentioned that I was getting a piercing, she assumed my nipple. 

"No down there!"

I pointed.

"I look forward to seeing that."

She said, as her hand returned to my pussy and started massaging again, I lay back shut my eyes and enjoyed, although one of my hands slipped under her tunic, slipped inside her thong and began to administer my own touch to Julies, untrimmed, pussy. As both of us rubbed against the fingers of the other, our hips took over and soon we jointly came with deep guttural moans. This was not the screaming orgasm of earlier, but equally satisfying. Julie presented my lips with her fingers and I greedily licked them clean, like the cake mix from the stirring spoon. Whether she expected the favour to be returned or not I don't know, but I was not going to miss the opportunity of tasting her and licked my own fingers, tasting her juices, which were slightly saltier than mine, but tasty never the less. 

A suddenly there was a knock on the door, Julies next appointment had arrived. She kissed me gently on the lips, said goodbye and left me in the room to slowly get ready to go, pulling on my clothing.

I was determined now to further my experiences, my pussy had taken over my mind, I could think of little else than sex, spending hours on these days off, on the internet. The first thing to do was get my pussy pierced, so I could go back to the Gumshoe. I phoned the number of the piercer that Cathy had given me, to my surprise, he sounded old – 50 plus – and he invited me to his home, in Kensington, as he only practised for sluts of the Gumshoe, supplied by Cathy was how he put it. I was told to wear no underwear, a short skirt, flat shoes and pop socks, I am sure you can justify most of that, but pop socks!!! Still I had some white ones and a pair of black flat shoes. Oh and I had to bring the ring for my clit and was told where to buy it from. He could not see me for a week, by which time I would be back to work. His name was Mr Quin (I thought he said Quim but was soon corrected).

The shop selling the rings was in Soho and I felt no embarrassment making the purchase. I talked to the guy selling them about which one would be best and, when he realised who was doing the piercing, he selected a thick solid silver ring, with fine detailed carvings of breasts and penises, with a small dangling chain and a diamond on its end. I gulped at the price £1,250.

"Cathy and Mr Quin expect only the best and for that to be where it is going you don't want any old tat."

I could afford it and thought why not, it will be my secret, between me and my lovers ... well not lovers ... fuckers. I was a little concerned about the chain, but it was detachable.

Now I was ready to meet Mr Quin at his home. His clothing request had sounded a bit schoolgirl ish, so I went the whole hog and wore a black bra, tight white blouse, short pleated gym skirt, white pop socks, black flat shoes and no panties. Ok I would not have passed in any school I knew, except maybe St Trinians, but a bit of a tart ..... very much so.

So a week after my massage, I arrived outside his home at 15.00, he was on the third floor of an old but expensive Edwardian apartment block. I rang the bell.

"Kelly, I assume." Said a gruff voice.

"Before you enter my home, remove your coat."

I had worn the coat to protect my modesty on the underground, as I was here and facing the doorway there was no problem. I waited for the door to be opened for me, but after a few minutes the intercom turned on again.

"I said no underwear, I see you are wearing a bra."

"I thought you meant panties, I have not got them on."

"You should listen, either remove your bra now, or make a new appointment"

I then had to struggle with my bra, whilst not removing my blouse, it wasn't easy as both were tight, and I had to undo my blouse half way, but soon I was standing there, waiting for the door to open.

After a few seconds, I turned towards the CCTV camera opened my blouse and flashed.

"OK, can I come in now"

He laughed and the door buzzed, I entered, doing up my blouse. I went up the stairs, passing a very posh women on the way who gave me a look that would kill, then a smile. I reached Mr Quins door, it was locked and I rang the bell. The door opened on a buzzer, as I entered it was dark, dimly lit, there was a smell of incense, I walked along the hallway and entered the only room that was not locked.

Mr Quin was standing there, at least I assumed it was him. He was short and dumpy, with a scruffy beard, wearing what looked like and India pyjama suit. He held out his hand.

"How much"

I replied.

Gruffly he responded.

"Give me the ring to look at, you will not be paying me in money, now give the ring and sit"

Under a throw, was a wooden chair, if I describe it, it was de of solid oak, the seat tipped back slightly and ones legs went on two separate platforms, which spread your legs apart.

But my mind was racing at the thought of payment not being by money, surely not, by personal services.

I sat in the chair, aware that my pussy was spread apart and exposed, but then he was going to be down there soon enough.

My arms were on the arm rests and he moved close to me, standing with his legs either side of mine. I could smell his sweaty body and his crotch was at eye level with the outline of his cock clearly visible. It did not seem a bad size. I was waiting with bated breath to see what would happen next, I was feeling vulnerable. His hand reached down and deftly he pulled straps up either side of the arm rests, trapping my arms, his body pushed forward on my head and he pulled round a strap to keep my head held against the chairs head board.

"This is my payment!"

As I opened my mouth in protest, a ball gag was pushed in. To say I was scared is an understatement, but my mind kept on repeating Cathy would not let me get hurt .. would she? After all she did not really know me and she satisfied my fantasies what if this was his?

He went towards the dresser at the side of the room and I realised next to it was a camera on a tripod, with another 50 something man behind it. He smiled at me and said to Mr Quin.

"That's another fine bit of meat that Cathy has delivered to us"

The camera started clicking, the camera man took it off its tripod and came taking shots of my face, between my legs, my breasts.

"Look at her she's already wet and we ain't done nothing .. yet!"

Mr Quin came back over to me, his sweat smelling stronger, were my senses heightened by the tension I was feeling? He bent down, looked me in the eye, I could smell cigarettes in his beard, he opened his mouth, his tongue extended, as he licked my face, all over his tongue travelled, he licked up the drool that was seeping out from the side of the ball gag, I knew that my discomfort was being recorded.

He stood up and from behind him he pulled out a large bowie knife, before I had a chance to react, it slipped down my blouse, the blunt side cold against my skin, he pulled forward and my blouse was sliced through, my breasts fell out exposed. He pulled the string on his pyjamas and they dropped to the floor, now my eyes popped wide, what a cock, it was enormous ... 9 / 10 inches and as thick as a fist.. For a fleeting second my fears had been surpassed by lust, but they quickly returned.

"She liked what she saw Mr Quin, lets see if she'll be quite so happy later."

Mr Quin ignored him, he had said little since I had arrived. His sinister nature, his dirtyness was an incredible aphrodisiac. He leaned forward and began gyrating his hips rubbing his cock on my face, very soon, it was oozing pre cum and this made his rubbing easier. Soon my left side was covered. As he gyrated the photography stopped and the ball gag was removed. The pre cum was fingered into my mouth and I sucked the fingers clean.

"Ever sucked one this big?"

"No" I whispered.

The strap around my forehead was released.  For no reason I was slapped around my face, two three times. As the tears welled up in my eyes, my head was held back and this enormous cock was thrust in, the power meant I had no time to accommodate it and my throat was raped deeply, I could smell his unwashed pubes, as my gag reflex tried to operate. As my throat was violated, I felt my pussy being opened, something was at my pussy lips, something large opening and stretching me, but easing in to my well lubricated pussy. As both my mouth and pussy were being pounded, my excitement levels were rising.

Mr Quin stepped back, his cock left my mouth and I was able to gasp for breath. I could see the camera man between my legs, feeding a large black dildo into my pussy.  At some stage he had undressed - he was naked. As his dildoed my pussy his fingers played with my butt hole. As I reached climax, he stopped, I needed him to continue to finish me , but they allowed my orgasm to subside, leaving me unfulfilled.

"Please, finish me, please more..."

They laughed.

"You'll come my dear, but not yet, when we say."

He reached down and gently tweaked my nipples, before suddenly tightening his fingers, harder and harder, squeezing them like he wanted them to burst, the pain was awful, the squeeze then became a pull as he slipped strong nipple clamps on each of them.

Everything was captured on camera, but then the camera man came forward again, both men came close to my face, I could smell them, stale smoke, alcohol, their faces inches away.

"Filthy whore!!"

"Slut!!"

"Tart!!"

Then they both spat great globules of spittle into my face, much of it catching my lips.

"Drink it – not a drop should be missed"

My tongue extended and I drew into my mouth as much of their spit as possible.

A lever was pressed on the chair and the whole thing swung back so now it was if I was on my back with my legs in the air, still spread, but to both of the men my pussy and ass were exposed and more easily accessible. 

Mr Quin tugged at the nipple clamps, while the camera man smiled as he rubbed my clit, bringing on to me more painful ecstasy. As my bud grew and stiffened he pulled it, teased it, tortured it until that too was large enough to be clamped. I was now no longer able to tell if I was in ecstasy or being tortured.

My juices were flowing out of me, down my ass, over and between my buttocks. The camera man used these to lubricate my anus, first with his fingers and then he positioned his cock, my body told me this was no torture as the little movement I was allowed enabled me to thrust back at his cock as it gently entered me. At some stage and I can't really put a finger on exactly when, I went from being scared to being a rampant slut, it was like a switch had been flicked on and wherever a cock was I wanted to ride it and ride it hard. So I pushed back with my ass and squeezed tightly, I could feel him losing control and instead of gently shafting my ass, he was thrusting hard and deep., but he could not keep it up and he withdrew, just before exploding, came round to my face and while my tongue licked the head of his cock he tossed in my face till finally the explosion came over my face in my hair, I was covered. He ran his cock over my face, rubbing in his juices.

Mr Quin was playing with my engorged clit, rubbing it, stroking in it, pinching it, the camera man was teasing my, by now sore nipples, tugging on a chain between the clamps, that he had added. Mr Quins tongue, fingers and the dildo in my pussy and the tugging on my nipples drew me closer and closer to orgasm, but each time just before the point of no return, they let me drift back to "just" high arousal and then back up to orgasm, until finally the point of no return .. it had built up inside me and now was ready to explode, my whole body convulsed sharply, pain thrashed through my breasts as the nipple clamps were removed, I felt a sharp pain in my clit which only heightened the intensity of the orgasm and another in my nipple, how long this lasted I don't know, it was more than seconds, felt like minutes, during this time I had thought I had heard the door ring, and a buzz, but I was far too gone, far too spent to clearly think and understand anything around me.

As I came down there was a pain in both my clit and my nipple. During the orgasm my piercing had been done and my left nipple had been added with a small silver ring. The orgasm had been intense and I could barely look up, there was the camera man, Mr Quin both naked and erect, they stood there discussing my piercings and to my dismay they had been joined by two other men, both in their 50's both naked and both sweating like pigs, I was exhausted, there was nothing I could do. The remaining straps were removed and I was lifted bodily from the chair, every joint ached. I was carried into a room and laid on the bed face down. The four men surrounded me and I was raised, so I was on my hands and knees.

"Leave her cunt!!"

A cock was presented to my mouth, greedily I ate it up, sucking deep, as I felt my ass being entered again – something was being rubbed into my clit, reducing some of the pain from the piercing. My left hand reached out for a cock and I soon discovered what I was seeking, rubbing my hand up and down its length, the cock up my ass must have been one of the new men as he shot quickly and I was filled with more cum, quickly he was replaced while I continued to suck, only it was not my ass this time, it was pushing deep and hard into my pussy and I recognised the cock which was long and thick, I felt stretched. My ministrations to the cock in my mouth resulted in a gush of cum, which was sprayed into my mouth, on my face, in my hair on my chest.

Again I was lifted and Mr Quin left my pussy, he lay on the bed and I straddled his cock, half me and the rest them, I lowered onto his cock, it went even deeper, I had not thought I would be able to take it to the hilt, but I had, with the help of the others I rode it, pushing up and dropping down, orgasm after orgasm ran through my body as Mr Quin held my breasts, we both reached a crescendo, he fired his come into me, my body spasmed and jerked, I screamed as I came, I collapsed on him, my face buried into his beard, I felt his companions tossing beside me and felt as their cum shot into my hair and drifted into a deep, deep sleep.

I was woken by the intercom buzzing, I ignored it, but I looked around to see the others but the room was deserted. The voice over the intercom called my name, 

"Miss Kelly, I have instructions to take you home, please let me in"

The apartment was deserted, I was naked except for the socks, I pressed the buzzer expecting to be clothed by the time the caller was here. But I could find nothing and he entered the room.

"Nice job, he's a great piercer that Mr Quin"

He said as he entered the room, looking at my breast and then my pussy. He threw me my coat, which he had picked from behind the front door and pointed to my shoes. Thinking about it I realised that my blouse was ripped and the skirt so short not worth it anyway, so I put on my coat and found my hand bag. We left the apartment and went to his car.

I sat in the back of the Mercedes, it was gone mid night, I begin to drift. I was brought back to reality as my mobile rang.

"Hello?"

A familiar Australian twang came across

"My boys had a great time to night and say your jewellery looks good, how about you."

I could see in the rear view mirror this face of a blond, covered in dry spittle and cum, her hair bedraggled, make up smudged over her face, her tits hardly covered by clothing.

I contemplated, I had sore breasts, a nipple and clit that hurt like hell, there was semen oozing from my ass and my pussy and dried on my face and in my hair, not to mention on the rest of my body.

"I hurt like hell, I look like shit, I have been used and abused by old smelly sweaty overweight men ,I have had my clit pierces and my nipple without my permission......you ask did I enjoy tonight?............................. You betcha"

"Ok" She replied "You need to heal up, Jake and I are away for a month, when I'm back we'll I'll be in touch. In the meantime .. be good."

With that the phone went dead. I slept the rest of the journey and retired to my own bed for a deep and thoroughly deserved sleep.