 "Hurry up!" Jenna hollered up the stairs "we should have been there ten minutes ago".

Jill took a last look in the mirror as she chuckled at her friends impatience. Her natural 5'3" frame was disguised by the killer heels she had on. Her shoulder length, blonde hair was slightly curled and loose around her delicate neck.

Smoothing her skin tight, backless deep scarlet dress down to mid thigh, where it ended in a lacy trim, she turned and purposefully strode out of the room grabbing her matching clutch as she left. 

Jenna was waiting by the door dressed in a semi-transparent, black lace skirt that flowed out of a tight fitting lace corset accentuating her DD breasts and providing a cleavage that anyone would drool over. The outfit was finished with matching elbow length gloves Even Jill was turned on looking at her sexy friend waiting for her. 

Yes tonight was going to be good, not only did Jill feel sexy but she felt naughty as well and was certain she could find a bit of fun at the party. 

The party had been arranged by one of her work colleagues. As there weren't many others from her office going she had press-ganged Jenna into going with her, not that she had taken a whole lot of convincing, being almost as wild as Jill herself. 

The taxi was already waiting for them as they stepped out of the house. Jill waited while Jenna locked up, then taking her friend by the arm they got in the car and settled in the back seat for the relatively short ride to the party. 

The car pulled up to a large house set back from the road, behind a wall and gate. As the taxi stopped in front of the gates a man in a tux stepped out to check their invites before opening the gate for them. As the gates opened jenna raised an eyebrow at jill as if to say "you know and work with these people, I'm impressed!" 

The drive had several cars lined up in it from regular American models to expensive European ones and as the taxi pulled up at the large front door, it was opened by another impeccably dressed man in a tux. Both ladies climbed out of the taxi and handed the doorman their invites as he waved them inside. The lobby was the epitome of luxury and spoke of serious money. 

"I don't believe this is Rob's house" stated Jill in disbelief "there is no way he can afford this on his wage"

No sooner had she spoken the words, then Rob appeared from one of the rooms further back, where the sound of music and laughter followed him out before being cut off again as the door closed behind him. 

"Oh hi Jill, so glad you could make it, and you've brought Jenna along, fantastic," he enthused as he crossed the lobby to meet them, "it's good to see you again Jenna." He added taking her lace covered hand and kissing it before turning to Jill. Looking her up and down with a slight smile he said "and you look ravishing my dear" before moving in to give her hug and kiss on the cheek. "No," he answered the unasked question " it isn't my house, it's my Aunts, and this is her party, she just asked me to pass out a few invites!"

Taking both ladies by the arm he suggested he show them around the house. He led them down the corridor and through the door he originally appeared from. It opened out into what appeared to be large living room with around fifteen - twenty people talking and laughing in groups, some seated on the large sofas at one end of the room while a light buffet had been set up at the other end. One thing that stood out was that everybody, male and female, were gorgeous and not one of them appeared to be over fifty. Some of the ladies dresses left very little to the imagination and one in particular was wearing just her Victoria's Secret corset. 

"What will you ladies have?" he asked, as they passed a bar.

"Vodka cocktails would be good!" answered Jill almost immediately. 

"No problem, just come help yourselves when you want a top up." 

"Well I will have to leave you to explore by yourselves as I am needed back in the kitchen, hopefully we will get a chance to meet up again later, enjoy your evening ladies" Rob said as he headed back the way they came.

Taking their drinks Jill and Jenna continued further into the house to explore. As they moved deeper into the house it became more apparent what this party was about. 

Rounding one corner they were greeted by the sight of the lady in the corset bending over at the waist to suck on one mans cock as another man (both well hung) pounded her from behind. Pausing to watch for a moment or two, Jill could feel her pussy start to tingle, and looking at Jenna it was quite obvious the sight had started to get her worked up as well as she was looking slightly flushed and her breathing had sped up.

Moving on from the scene in front of them they started down some stairs where they could hear some loud rock music blasting out at them, both being partial to a bit of heavy metal they ventured down to see what was going on. To say they were surprised would be an understatement, as there in the basement was a full on S&M dungeon, complete with Master and Domme, both of whom were busy with 'clients'. One lady strapped to the wall was being fingered and licked by two ladies with collars and leads being held by the Master, while the Domme was torturing a man tied to a rack by playing with his cock while sitting on his face, every once in a while dipping down to suck his manhood into her mouth while snapping a riding crop in her hand. 

Not really being into the whole BDSM scene they quickly headed back up the stairs to see what other carnal delights awaited them. Being tied up didn't really appeal to either Jill or Jenna, but watching two girls pleasure a third had left both of them feeling extremely horny, so when they walked into what could best be described as a drawing room filled with people fucking, couples threesomes and more, they had to stop and watch for a while.

Jill could feel her panties getting damp as she focused on one man being ridden by a buxom blonde while he had his fingers inside two more blonde bombshells on either side of him. Without quite realising it she had moved her own hand down and was rubbing her pussy through her dress. Looking over at Jenna she was surprised to see her friends skirt rucked up and Jennas fingers moving in and out of her pantyless and hairless pussy. Before Jill could react, a hand reached around her waist and took over from her fingers and reaching inside her lacy panties started to strum on her clit sending jolts of pleasure through her body. She was so turned on from all the sights, sounds and smells around her that she just groaned and pressed back into the man behind her as a second man came in front of her and started to pull the dress from her shoulders in order to free her breasts from their constraint. At the same time the man in front started to nibble on one side of her neck while the man behind took the other side. 

In no time at all Jill was stood there in a puddle of dress around her ankles with just her thong left on. She had one man in front tweaking her nipples with his fingers while the man behind continued to play with her clit, her legs suddenly turning weak with all of the attention she was receiving, she started to lean into the man in front while fumbling with his trousers and trying to free his apparently large member from its confines in his pants.

When she finally freed the beast and started to stroke its length up and down, she marvelled at the thickness of it, and decided she just had to have a taste of it. So bending over at the waist, while pushing her rear into the crotch and hard-on of the man behind she took the cock in front of her, and licking around the head first proceeded to swallow the whole thing down to the root. The groan from the man in front told her how good it felt as she started to move her head up and down on his shaft, giving the head an extra suck and lick on the top of each stroke, cupping the man's balls in one hand while reaching around to his ass with the other to steady herself, she could feel him starting to twitch and throb with his impending explosion.

Meanwhile she had momentarily forgotten about the man behind her when suddenly her thong was moved to one side and a thick hard cock was slowly pushed inside her dripping and pulsating pussy, not stopping until she felt it hit her as deep as any man before. She paused and almost gagged on the cock in her throat as she groaned around him eliciting more groans from him. The cock invading her so deeply was suddenly caught between her spasming walls as she came suddenly and violently. Quickly removing the cock from her throat and mouth she let loose a groaning wail as she felt the dam burst and flood the cock and balls behind her. As she started to come down again the cock in her pussy started to move in rhythm with her breathing, slowly withdrawing to be slammed home once again. 

Recovering some of her wits she resumed her oral explorations of the cock in front of her while the man pounded her centre from behind. Suddenly the man behind started to move to the floor and pulling her with him, she found herself in a reverse cowgirl position still impaled on his cock. Taking a moment to look around her, while still stroking the cock that was recently in her mouth, she could see a couple more men approaching with their cocks in hand and predatory looks on their faces. The cock in her pussy was still pounding into her only with less force due to the position but still felt heavenly. She could start to feel it pulse inside her as the two approaching men surrounded her, and each taking one of her tits they both started to lick and suck her nipples as she rode the cock underneath her squeezing and rotating her hips on it. After enjoying the sensations on her nipples for a moment or two she told the newcomers to stand up, and taking one cock in each hand proceeded to rub them both up and down while resuming her oral assault on the first cock to sample her talented mouth. 

This time she was determined to make him come in her mouth, desperate to taste his seed. As she used her skillful tongue and mouth to best effect, she started to sense another orgasm approaching from the feel of the cock in her pussy. This just drove her mad and she started to slobber and gag as she deep throated the cock in front of her. Just as she felt the final spasms of his balls she moved her head up so that just the head was in her mouth, and using her tongue to circle the head, kept the suction going as she felt him cum into her mouth, spurting so hard it hit the back of her throat. At almost the same time she felt the cock in her pussy start to spasm as the man underneath her arched his back and came. She felt his seed blast up deep into her womb and the feeling of being filled drove her back over the edge, swallowing the load in her mouth she lent back and screamed as she came for a second time that evening.

After taking a moment to regain her senses she lifted herself up and down a few times making sure she took every last drop of his cream before attempting to stand. However the men whose cocks she had recently been stroking took her between them and started to kiss her all over, starting at her neck they worked down her body, pausing at her tits long enough to tease the hard nipples causing Jill to moan even more. Whilst still between the two men she felt a third mouth, this one soft and smooth, start to suck at her cum dripping pussy lips, then the tongue started to move inside to collect the nectar running from her body. Before she could give in to the feel of three tongues she found herself once again being lowered down onto another waiting, hard-as-steel cock. This time she found herself in a more normal cowgirl position only now she was face to face with a stunning blonde who was, she assumed, the girl who had just been licking her cunt. Leaning forward she kissed the stranger's lips, sticky with her own juices, and was met by the lady's tongue entwining with hers. While their hands found each others breasts. While she was riding the man's face Jill was very content riding his cock and whilst nowhere near as long as the previous two, it was deliciously fat and spread her wide open with each thrust up inside her.

It was while in this position that Jill felt something wet and firm push against her most private entrance. While not exactly an anal virgin it wasn't something she was overly experienced with, but the feel of this tongue on her rosebud was electrifying and as she was rimmed for the first time, her pleasure was brought to a new plateau. This four way fuck continued for a short while with everyone involved moaning their pleasure. Just as suddenly as it arrived the tongue at her ass disappeared, to be replaced a moment later by what she assumed was the head of a cock. Breaking her passionate kiss with the lady in front she moaned out "yes, fuck my ass as well, fill me up completely" and as the cock head slowly started to make its way inside her tightest of holes she leant into the woman in front who started to stroke her back, whispering "fuck, that's it sweetie take his cock in your ass, oh god that looks so sexy" and with that the blonde started to come on the face beneath her. Jill was now completely filled in both holes and could only whimper in response as she grew accustomed to the feeling of two cocks inside her.

The blonde in front of her was now grinding her pussy down onto the chin of the man below and appeared to be smothering him, which only seemed to make him buck up into Jill even harder, in turn driving her back onto the cock in her ass. It only took a few more minutes of this pounding to bring Jill over the edge into yet another stream of mini orgasms, one after the other, the feel of two cocks almost touching inside her overwhelming her senses. It wasn't long before she started to feel the man behind her tense up before shooting his load deep inside her bowels, making her feel even fuller if at all possible. As the man behind started to soften and withdraw from her ass she felt the cock in her pussy start to twitch, and concentrating on using her pussy muscles, started to massage and ,ilk it until it too exploded inside her.

During the final moments, Jill had been so distracted by the feelings coursing through her that she hadn't really noticed the blonde get up and move on elsewhere, and when she looked up and scanned the room she realised that a small audience had developed around them. However, far from being a group of voyeurs it seemed that everyone was fucking, sucking or feeling up the person next to or in front of them. She could see cocks and tits everywhere. She was just grinding her pussy down on to the cock below her, milking the last of his cum out, when she spotted Jenna bent over the arm of a sofa and appeared to be in the middle of an intense orgasm. Not only was Jenna being pounded from behind by someone familiar, but she also had her head in the lap of a man sat on the sofa with his cock in her mouth. It took Jill a moment to realise, but just as the man buried to the hilt in Jenna turned to look at her with a sexy and lust filled grin, she recognised her husband Paul. Momentarily stunned by the sight of him here she paused in her grind just long enough to realise that he was OK with what he had seen, and she was OK seeing him fill up her best friend. 

Lifting herself off her living toy she bent down and gave him a peck of thanks then keeping her eyes fixed on her husband moved over until she was stood next to him. Seeing Paul joined with Jenna made her weak at the knees with lust for him and her. Moving behind her husband Jill got on to her knees, and having been surprised at the pleasure of a tongue play with her ass she thought she would treat Paul to the same thing. leaning forward she started by reaching round to grab his balls, giving them a pull and squeeze, like she knew he liked. This elicited a groan from Paul as he thrust forwards with even more force into Jenna's shaved and dripping pussy. Leaning forwards Jill started to kiss and lick around his rosebud driving Paul wild. when she backed off with the tongue she started to use a finger while continuing to squeeze his balls tight. When her finger slipped inside his rear hole, Paul came with an almighty grunt. Jill could feel his ring rhythmically clamping down on her finger as she rubbed his prostate and he filled her friend up. Jenna for her part was still cumming, and bent over the arm of the chair with a cock in her mouth seemed to be enjoying herself immensely. 

Pulling Paul from Jenna and, without standing up, she turned him around so that she could clean his cock of her best friends cream. Jill was proud of her blow job skills and proceeded to lick and clean Paul's cock until it was once again hard and ready to fill her pussy. Quickly turning around she presented her ass to her husband, who needing no more encouragement placed the head of his member at her entrance, then in one movement buried himself as deep as he could into her soaking wet centre. Both of them were so horny with all the sights and smells around them that their coupling did not take long, and within a few minutes both Paul and Jill came together in an explosion of fluid and noise. 

Feeling completely satisfied and drained, Jill turned to Paul, and simply said "take us home"

As they collected their dishevelled clothes, Jill and Jenna giggled at the turn of events.

"Honestly Jill I didn't know it was Paul, I was watching you and getting extremely horny, when suddenly I was bent over the sofa and a cock was stuffed into me!"

"It's fine sweetie, I know Paul has wanted a piece of you since he first clapped eyes on you, so I'm not surprised that he took the opportunity you presented, although I was surprised to see him here, I'm not mad about it at all." Jill gave Jenna a hug to let her know that nothing had changed between them, then asked rather coyly "would you like to come back to ours for the night?"

"No" Jenna replied "not this time, I best get home to TJ, although our next party night might be interesting!"

As they walked out of the large house with Paul between them they were all feeling very pleased with themselves, outside their taxi was waiting and with a quick stop at Jenna's on route they were soon home.