 Sandy ended up that night with an old friend, April. April was married and chubby. This didn't matter to Sandy. It felt good dominating another woman after becoming a sub to Shannon. April's husband was in the hospital so her house was available. Sandy chased a naked April all over that house. She would catch her, do something to her, making her squeal, release her, catch her, make her squeal louder and so on. She was rough on April. April got angry but Sandy didn't care, she was enjoying herself. She left April with a buzzing vibrator taped in her vagina and her hands tied behind her back. April would get free; her legs weren't tied, but it would take some time.

Dan and Shannon arrived home at the same time. They went to the kitchen and had coffee.

"Well, Shannon, how was it?"

"Great, Dan, thanks."

"When do I get my dick wet with your juices?"

"Your call, but not right now, please."

"Do you have those tapes."

"Yes I'll get them for you. Kelly doesn't want you to watch them, you know. Don't watch them now or you'll end up going over there and jumping her bones. She needs some rest. I rode her hard last night."

"You didn't hurt her, did you?"

"Nothing she didn't enjoy. She came buckets."

"Yes, she's a juicy one."

"If you haven't done it already, you should try spanking her. She gets off on it and turning those pink mounds red, making them bounce, is a real treat."

"Sandy's been complaining about you; says you've turned mean. I don't know why she doesn't just put you over her knee and beat your ass.....a little thing like you."

"I don't either. I have been rough on her, but I'm new at this dom stuff. I've apologized to her and promised to let up some."

"Good, I don't think she could take much more."

"But it's so much fun. She hates it so. What would I have to do to get Kelly's pretty cunt again?"

"Well, you could move in with us next September."

"What about Sandy?"

"Pass her on to someone else."

"You want her?"

"She's my sister."

"I don't know about you, but I get off just making them do things. You wouldn't have to touch her. Or you could have her suck your peter now and then. She'd really hate that. I don't think that's incest, is it?"

"It would feel like it."

"If she moved in with us she could do the cooking and cleaning. Kelly's too lazy to do it. And we could have Kelly and Sandy put on some shows for us. It's not like they haven't done it before, even taped it."

"That's a thought, Shannon."

"What about between now and then?"

"Well, I'm planning on getting your trim little ass."

"You'll be my first, you know. But other than that?"

"Let's feel out the other two and see if it's feasible."

"Okay, lover. Where will we get together?"

"Hotel?"

"Fine, just let me know."

"Of course."

Dan finally had Shannon two days before Christmas. She wasn't as good as he'd anticipated, but, after all, he was her first man. One thing she excelled at was cocksucking. Her main activity with other women had always been giving oral sex. She had a talented mouth and she quickly adapted her techniques to a penis and balls.

He relaxed in a chair while she knelt between his legs, sucking and licking, bringing him to an orgasm. She swallowed and licked her lips. She found that she liked the taste of ejaculate. He performed oral on her and got her off satisfactorily. He liked her smell and taste. He fucked her asshole. He had thought that this might be an ordeal for her, but she'd had things in there that dwarfed his dick. She climaxed, but they weren't the mind-blowing experiences she'd had with women. He too felt he'd had better. He still looked forward to watching Shannon put Kelly and his sister through their paces. If they did all get together, she would be the dominant female.

Shannon eased up on Sandy and Sandy was grateful. Sandy expanded her control over April and included her husband Jack. She used a carrot and stick method to control them. Her money was the carrot. Coercion, a combination of blackmail and threat, was the stick. Jack was soft and slightly effeminate. She soon had them running around naked performing whatever stunts she ordered. One of her favorites was to have Jack get down on all fours and moo like a cow while she milked him. She would reach under his body, grasp his erection and jack him off. She made him quit his job and they became dependent on her. When Shannon and Dan approached her with their plans for the following school year she got them to include April and Jack. They figured the additional help with the chores would be good and sexually they would provide variety. Sandy would be in charge of the other servants. 

Kelly would occupy a special position. The object of everyone's desires, she would be the queen bee, pampered and cared for, but under their control. Kelly didn't care for the arrangement but she agreed.

They got together in various combinations that winter, spring and fall, Kelly most often with Dan. Sandy split her time between Shannon and her new subs.

They rented a large house in the small college town and all moved in that September. The servants got uniforms. The maids wore short skirts with aprons, garter belts and hose and no panties. Jack wore a standard butler uniform. All four women were on birth control pills. Sandy resented being included with the servants, eating meals in the kitchen and other indignities, but Shannon insisted. She had to be satisfied with being in charge back-stairs.

Dan had a freshman orientation event their first night in the new house. In his absence Shannon assembled the others in the large basement family room and had them undress. She picked up Kelly's discarded panties, put them to her nose and inhaled deeply.

"Ah, Red, one of your stronger days. Haven't tried out the shower yet, have you?"

"No, ma'am."

"If it was up to me, you wouldn't bathe so often. Well, let's have some fun. April, you take Red. Sandy, you get Jack. Get them hot, but don't get them off."

Sandy asked, "May I have Kelly, ma'am?"

"No, my slut, maybe later."

April had never had a chance like this with Kelly. She was diffident but eager. She started with Kelly's tits, sucking one and playing with the other, then switching. Kelly's nipples stood out hard and erect. April raised up and looked in Kelly's face. Kelly was impassive. On impulse she reached out with both hands and grasped both tits. She squeezed. Kelly gasped and tried to step back. Her hands came up and covered April's. April squeezed harder and pulled. Kelly quit resisting, dropped her hands and allowed April to lead her over to an easy chair. April released her tits and sat down. She grasped Kelly by the hips and pulled her close. She turned Kelly this way and that, inspecting her crotch and ass. She spread and sniffed Kelly's private places. She ran her hands over Kelly's ass and ran a finger through the valley between her ass cheeks and touched her asshole. From the front she ran her hand between her legs, forcing her to part them. She sawed the side of her hand up into Kelly's slit, spreading her labia, stimulating her clitoris. She pulled Kelly down on her lap, parted her legs, inserted two fingers in her vagina and moved them in and out. She took a tit in her mouth and sucked in a startling amount of Kelly's flesh. Kelly was ready to fuck.

Shannon asked, "Don't you want to taste her pussy?"

"I'm afraid she'd come, ma'am."

Meanwhile Sandy had grasped Jack's dick, played with it, and jacked it a few times.

"He's ready, ma'am."

"Come on, Sandy. You can do better than that. Get down there and suck on it some."

Sandy dropped to her knees, pulled Jack to her by his penis and took it in her mouth. She worked on it for a while then Shannon stopped her. 

"Okay, okay. Put a condom on him and bring him over here."

Sandy took Kelly out to the middle of the floor and bent her over. Shannon held Kelly to keep her from falling over

"Okay, cowboy, ride the pony."

Jack inserted his cock and began pumping into Kelly. Kelly groaned, then grunted as he slammed into her.

Dan came in.

"He'd better be wearing a rubber."

Shannon answered, "He is. Don't worry. Come here and look at this."

Dan and Shannon watched as the rigid cock, glistening with Kelly's juices, plunged in and out of Kelly's vagina. It pulled pink flesh with it on the out-stroke. Jack came and pulled his deflating penis from Kelly. Shannon released her hold and Kelly fell over. Her face was scarlet. Her hair was messed. Sweat coated her body.

Dan glared at her but Shannon ignored him. She placed a foot on Kelly's stomach and applied some pressure. Kelly pleaded with her to stop.

"You beg so nicely, you sweet cunt."

She removed her foot and spoke to April.

"Okay, finish her off with your mouth, lard ass."

April got between Kelly's legs and began licking as Shannon and Sandy each took one of Kelly's legs and bent her until her vagina was pointing straight up. The men watched. April licked up and down between Kelly's lips, sucked and licked her clitoris. She tongue fucked her vagina.

"Don't forget her asshole, lard."

April obediently moved to Kelly's puckered asshole. She licked it then probed it with her tongue. Kelly came in gasping breaths.

Shannon and Dan had removed their clothes. Shannon started to pester Kelly some more, but Dan decided to assert his dominance. He grabbed Shannon's ass and flopped her down on her back. He fucked her roughly as the others watched. 

After he had shot a load in Shannon, he used his sister sexually for the first time, making her clean his limp dick with her mouth. He kept her at it while he gradually regained his erection. He came down her throat as he watched Kelly eat Shannon.

Dan called off the party early since they had school the next morning.

Well here we are again down by the voting buttons. Like my story? Want more? Please vote. It's quick, easy and painless. Thanks....mmumbles