 After getting Brian out of her life Kelly and I had more time to be together. One weekend when my wife took the kids to her parents house I decided Kelly and I needed a road trip. We packed up the car and headed up the coast. This was the trip I discovered a wonderful place that would later become my retreat.

We settled into our cottage, unpacked, and had a quick fuck before we explored the grounds. The hotelier told me about a nice little golf course just up the road so I grabbed my clubs, rented some for Kelly, and we duffed away the afternoon.

Once back at the cottage, we showered (quick BJ under the water), changed, and went up to the main building for dinner. There was a thirty-minute wait so we went into the bar and got drinks.

As we sat by the fire a couple came up and sat with us. They looked to be in their early thirties, a typical California couple with blonde hair, chiseled features and looking like they just walked off a recruiting poster for the Hitler youth. They introduced themselves as Bob and Barbara and we quickly got to know each other.

The host seated us together for dinner and, over several courses of rich food and several bottles of wine, it became apparent that they were checking us out. Several glances at Kelly confirmed that she found them as attractive as I did. Bob concentrated on Kelly, while Barbara and I kept eyes on each other.

They invited us back to their room for after dinner drinks and we gladly complied. We all kicked off our shoes and relaxed over a great bottle of Armanac.

Bob was an attorney and Barbara managed a clothing store and they were both thirty-two. We told them we were both students.

"That sure is a pretty girl you have there, Joe." Bob said matter-of-factly.

"Barbara isn't exactly hard to look at, Bob."

"Thanks, Joe." He turned to his wife. "What do you think of Joe, honey?"

"He's a hunk, dear. Kelly, is Joe good in bed?"

Kelly blushed a little. She knew where this was going, but she was still young.

"Barbara, he's the best." She came and sat next to my girl. She put her hand to Kelly's head, stroking her hair.

"And you, my dear?" Barbara planted a kiss on Kelly's lips, checking the waters. Kelly responded in kind, returning the kiss with gusto.

I turned to Bob, who just grinned. "Shall we all get a little more comfortable?" he asked.

Kelly and Barbara continued their kissing. Barbara took Kelly's hand and placed it on her ample breast. My girl took the cue and rubbed it gently. Before long they were removing each other's clothes and were soon down to bras and panties.

"Some show, eh Joe?"

"You bet, Bob."

He looked down at my crotch, seeing my hardening cock. "Why don't you free the monster, Joe?" Didn't have to ask me twice. We guys took of our clothes and started stroking our cocks as the ladies got naked and into a wicked sixty-nine.

Bob was very buffed and his body was almost hairless. His cock looked like a good, thick seven inches sprouting from a bush of dark blonde pubic hair. Barbara naked was a thing of beauty. Slim except for a curvy ass and big tits.

"Shall we join the ladies, Bob?" He nodded.

Bob finally got to goat Kelly, who he had been staring at all night. He took her from his wife and led her to the bed. Barbara came to me and led me the same way by my cock.

We guys laid back and the ladies dove for our dicks. Barbara could have been a professional cocksucker. She licked me from balls to tip before slipping my nine-inch cock in her mouth. Amazingly, she managed to get it all down her throat. The sight of her nose among my black pubes was a sight to behold.

I looked over at Kelly as she wolfed down of Bob's shaft. Her ass was in the air as she bobbed up and down servicing the older man's penis.

"Hey Bob, you got condoms? I'm ready to plow your wife's pussy."

"Sure sport." He reached into the night table and pulled out a box of Trojans. He handed one to me and then slipped one on himself. "Here we go!"

Kelly and Barbara mounted us and bounced up and down on our cocks. I got my mouth around Barbara's beautiful tits as she rode me. Her pussy was tight, but nothing like Kelly's. The ladies cried out as they rode us.

I was first to change positions, putting Barbara on her side. As I thrust myself into her, I rubbed her clit and one of her jugs. She responded with a screaming orgasm. Bob had gotten behind Kelly and was fucking her doggie-style.

Both women yelled for us to fuck them harder, which we gladly did. The sight of my girlfriend getting fucked by a handsome older man was turning me on to no end, and I could tell Bob enjoyed the sight of his wife being taken by a young stud.

I saw Bob shift Kelly onto her back so I did the same with Barbara. We matched each other thrust for thrust as we pounded the ladies in the missionary position. I could see Bob slowing down, ready to come so I tried to time myself to blow with him. We each filled our condoms as the ladies rubbed our balls.

I rolled off of Barbara and took the condom off my cock, throwing it into the wastebasket. She cuddled up to me and I gave her a deep kiss as thanks for a great fuck.

They four of us lay there, rubbing each other. I felt Bob's hand reach my thigh, and didn't stop him. He looked into my eyes and moved his hand down to my cock.

"Barb wants to watch me fuck another man. Is that cool with you, Joe?"

"You ever done it with another guy, Bob?"

"No. Circle-jerked in junior high, but that's about it."

Kelly turned to Barbara. "It's really hot to see two guys go at it, Barbara."

"Bob loves to see me with another woman. I figured it was his turn." She took Kelly's hand and pulled two chairs up next to the bed. They girls started rubbing each other's pussies as Bob and I got down to it.

I started out, taking his cock in hand and stroking it to full erection. Then I started licking it and playing with his balls. Bob responded well to my ministrations, thrusting his ass off the bed.

"Jesus, Joe! Yes! Ohhhhh...fuck!"

I moved in for the kill as I started fingering his tight ass. If things went right, my cock would soon be reaming this virgin territory.

"Joe...I'm...oh fuck...I'm gonna..." With that, Bob blasted off in my mouth, filling it with his sweet cream. I swallowed all he had, and then licked his cock clean. 

The spell was broken as the ladies applauded our show. Barbara was filled with lust as she watched, Kelly not far behind.

"You want me to suck you off, Joe?"

"No, Bob. I want to fuck you in the ass. Game?"

"Yeah!" Barbara brought me a rubber and some lube. She sheathed my cock and greased it, as well as Bob's puckered asshole. After she guided me to his opening, she went around to him and kissed him. Kelly came behind me and massaged my balls as I gently thrust my cock into Bob. I worked it in slowly, letting him get used to being fucked. I had time and no desire to hurt him, so I took my time.

"How you doing, Bob?"

"Great. Joe. Keep going!"

Barbara started playing with her husband's cock as I started pounding his ass. He let out grunts and moans as I fucked him. Kelly stroked my cock as it went in and out of Bob, lubing up her fingers. When she sensed I was about to come, she thrust two fingers into me and I filled my rubber with sperm. Barbara's ministrations brought Bob to orgasm and he filled her hand with his cream.

I pulled out of him and Kelly removed the condom. Bob reached over and started stroking my cock.

"Like the show, Barbara?"

"Totally hot, Joe!"

I pulled Kelly to me and kissed her hard. Our hands started going all over each other. Once my cock was hard again she mounted me, slipping my dick into her dripping pussy. Over her shoulder I could see Bob moving behind her, lubing up his cock.

Kelly let out a little squeal as Bob drove his cock into her ass. "Oh God, Bob! That feels...so...good!" Not wanting to be left out, Barbara came around and shoved her pussy at my face. Kelly kneaded her ass cheeks as I ate the older woman out. Within minutes she flooded my face with her juices.

Bob cried out that we was cumming and emptied his balls into Kelly's bowels. He then pulled out and started stroking my balls as Kelly rode my cock. This added stimulation put me over the top and I filled her pussy with my own cream.

Kelly collapsed on top of me and I held her in my arms. I was exhausted and so was she. We fell asleep that way.

About an hour later we awoke, and our friends were going at it again. Bob had Barbara bent over the dresser and was fucking her from behind. Her tits shook with great rippled with each thrust and Bob's ass contracted as he plowed into her. Kelly and I watched them finish, then kissed them each before getting dressed and thanking them for a great time.

We went back to our room and went to sleep. A great start to our road trip!