 It was nearly time for summer break and Michael was ready to go home for the summer. First he had to make a call. 

"Hey, baby. How've you been?"

"Michael? Hey, sweets, I've been pretty good lately. It sucked pretty bad for awhile but then I managed to find a new playmate."

"Yeah, same here. You going home for summer?"

"Well, I'll be there for a week then I've gotta get back to start on some stuff for next semester. How 'bout you?"

"Yeah, and I'm bringing home a buddy, too." 

"Really, anyone I know?"

"No, some guy from upstate. His father is on vacation and he doesn't have any place to go for the summer."

"Well we'll be sure to give him a good time while he's there. So I'll see you when I get there."

"Great, Kell. I'll see ya then."

Michael hung up the phone. Poor Adam, didn't know what he had in store for him. God, it would be good to see Kelly again, it had been almost two years. He'd been with a few girls at the college, but none of them had held a candle to Kelly. Most of them had all been like his old ex, Melissa, too damn prudish to try anything new. But Kelly, yeah, she was one worth fighting for. And he should know, he'd literally had to once back in highschool.

"Hey, man, you ready to head out of this hole, or what?" Adam asked coming in carrying his duffel bag over his shoulder

"Yeah, just had to make a quick call. My old girlfriend from back home will be in for a week this summer and I wanted you to meet her. She's great."

"I'm sure she is, come on, lets go already."

Yeah Kelly would definitely like Adam. He was tall and muscular, like himself, only with blonde hair and he wasn't much of a partier. But people could change, Michael smiled and thought if anyone could do it, Kelly could.

"So you going home for summer," Brent asked Kelly as he lay beside her.

They were in her office where they had met and had sex almost every night since.

"Yeah, just for a week. I've gotta lotta papers to finish up here before next term starts."

"Going to see your ex while you're there?"

"Yeah, he called earlier. You're going home right, to your wife?" Kelly asked pointedly.

"Yeah, I suppose its time to go lay the old bitch."

"Now, now, she can't be that bad."

"No, but she's nothing like you, honey," Brent said huskily rolling over back on top of her. He easily slid back into her and began moving again.

"Mmm, not many are," she sighed. "Maybe I could have a talk with her sometime, to sorta help you out."

"Mmm, maybe. Shush now, let me fuck you so you'll have something to remember me while you're gone," he began moving faster.

"So I can remember you? Or you can remember me?" she asked laughing.

He spanked her on the ass, "I said hush," then he smoothed the spot he had just hit. Then he began kissing her throat and plunging deeper and faster into her.

"Oh yeah, baby, fuck me," she cried. 

"You like it when I spank you, don't you? Cause you're such a naughty girl."

"Mmm, yes, more baby, more."

"Hey, Michael," Kelly came into the small diner and sat beside him.

"Hey, baby," he turned and kissed and hugged her. "Missed ya."

"Me too. So anything new and exciting going on around town?" She asked as she picked up one of his fries and dipped it into the ketchup on his plate.

"Nah, same old," he smiled. "Damn but you just keep getting hotter every time I see you."

"Mmm, I see you've bulked out some more," she said as she licked the ketchup off her lip and ran her hand over his biceps. "I like," she purred.

"Easy girl, I've got company with me."

"Oh, your buddy, where?"

"He's in the john right now." Michael said looking around. "Ah, here he comes now."

Kelly turned to look at the man coming from the other end of the diner.

"Mmm, tasty. My where have you been hiding this one," Kelly purred into Michael's ear before she began to suck on his earlobe.

"Damn, woman, don't you know what that does to me?"

"Yes, I certainly do. What can I say, I've missed you, baby." She reached under the counter and gripped his rock hard thigh, sliding her hand up and down lightly. Kelly could see the muscle in his jaw twitching.

"Uh oh, looks like your little buddy has been detained by none other then Melissa.. Well that should keep him busy a few minutes. Meet me in the woman's room," she whispered to him before sliding off the stool and sauntering to the woman's room, leaving it unlocked.

Michael came in a few seconds later, latching the door.

"Come here, baby. Give me a kiss," Kelly said grabbing his shirt and pulling him towards her.

Their mouths fused and tongues met. He grabbed the bottom of her skirt and began pulling it up. He turned her around and moved her against the sink then plunged into her from behind.

"Oh, yeah, Michael. God, your great. Fuck me, baby. Only you can do it sooo good."

He began thrusting in and out, faster and harder with each stroke. He slide his hands up and down her thighs, she pushed back making him fill her more fully.

"Oh, yeah. Oh yeah, baby," and they both came explosively.

"We definitely need to get together more often," she smiled pulling her skirt back into place and fixing her hair. 

"Alright, there's going to be a party tonight up at Kessler's farm. You'll be there, then you can meet Adam."

"Sounds delicious," she licked her lips and blew him a kiss as she left the bathroom, then the restaurant.

"Hey, man. Where'd you disappear to. I think I ran into your ex. The one you were talking about," Adam said when Michael joined him back at the counter.

"No, that's one of my ex's, but definetly not the one I was telling you about."

"Huh, well so when do I get to meet this mystery lady?"

"Tonight, all in good time, my man. All in good time." Michael smiled as he looked out the window and watched Kelly drive away.

Later that night............

"Here ya go, you glass was empty again," Michael said handing Adam another mixed drink.

"So when does your chic get here?"

"Ah, Kelly? She's been here. She's just making the rounds, saying hi to everyone. Ah, there she is now. Over there with Brian," he pointed across the room to where his friend, Brian stood beside Kelly. 

The first thing that entered Adam's mind was, 'god look at those legs'. 

"Damn, that's her. Man, you're one lucky bastard. She's a real work of art."

"Yeah, come on. I'll introduce you."

As they made their way across the room Melissa squeezed in and blocked their path.

"Hello, Michael. Hello, Adam, remember me? I met you earlier today?"

"Yeah, I remember," Adam said nervously. 

Kelly just then noticed that Michael had been stopped in his tracks by Melissa and never one to be out done she decided to make her way to them. To help out, of course.

She moved towards them then squeezed between Melissa and Adam, then threw her arms around Adam and kissed him full on the mouth.

"Hey, babe. Where've you been all night. I've been looking for you two," Kelly then turned to Michael and laid a big kiss on his lips.

"You're such a whore, Kelly," Melissa hissed.

"Better then a prude nobody wants to screw, Melissa," she said sweetly smiling with an arm around both men.

Melissa walked away with her nose up in the air.

"Oh, well maybe one day she'll change. So you're Adam, it's nice to finally meet you."

Adam was still speechless from the kiss he had just received.

"Oh my, I didn't scare him did I, Michael?"

"No, hon, he's just a little shy. Here bud, have another drink," he handed the full glass to Adam, who promptly drank it in one full, long drink.

"Well, well, well. I hear there's a bedroom free upstairs, if you guys wanna get away from all these people. And the noise," she said as she smiled at Adam. The music was starting to get louder as the night went on. 

Adam took the drink out of Michael's hand and replied, "Sure, sounds great."

Once they were in the room Kelly locked the door.

"Don't want to be interrupted by people looking for a spare bed while we're catching up, do we? So have a seat. Michael, tell me about school."

As they talked Adam relaxed and drank some more of the drink.

"Mmm, it sure is getting hot up here. Have to get Kessler to check his ac next time I talk to him," Kelly said pulling off her sweater, revealing a see through tank top. She sat down beside Adam, "So Adam, what is it you do at college. What's your major?" 

"Biology," he said trying to swallow the sip he had just taken. But his throat seemed to have constricted the minute the sweater had come off and wasn't letting up since she was now sitting close enough to have their thighs brush.

"Mmm, I love biology. Especially the study of the human body. The body is a beautiful thing you know," she slide her finger down his chest. Slowly unbuttoning his shirt and felt the crisp hair there.

"Yeah, beautiful thing," he murmured, mesmerized by her and what her fingers were now doing to his chest.

She smiled sweetly continuing to stroke her hand across the plane of his chest and stomach, all covered in fine blonde hair.

"Mmm, that's nice, soft."

Adam was getting harder as she continued to stoke his chest, grazing across his now hard nipples. 

"Oh, Adam, it looks like someone wants to come out and see the world," Kelly smiled at him.

"Yeah," was all he could manage.

"Here, let me help you," she deftly undid his jeans and slide them down his thighs. He wasn't wearing anything underneath the jeans.

"Mmm, commando, huh? Did Michael tell you I don't wear panties either," she began to caress his thigh. "Would you like to see?"

"Yes, please," he gulped, barely able to breath now.

"Give me your hand," she took his hand and slide it under her skirt until it touched skin. "See, feel, you like?"

"Yeah," his hand began moving now of its own violation. Sliding up the inside of her thigh.

"Mmm, yeah, that's nice," she purred, then she moved down between his legs and took him into her mouth. As she slowly began licking his length Adam's hand went into her hair. Then she took him all into her mouth and began to slide his throbbing member in and out of her mouth. Up and down, sucking and licking. Kelly could hear his breathing change, she could feel his balls tighten, and knew his orgasm was close. He shouted as he began to come in her mouth. 

"Tasty," she purred moving to sit beside him again as she licked her lips and wiped her chin.

This time she didn't have to initiate, his hand automatically went to her thigh and he began to kiss her. His other hand holding her head through her hair.

"Slow down, cowboy. We have all night," she whispered pulling back a little. She slide his shirt completely off his shoulders and removed his jeans from his ankles. Then she took her top off but left her skirt on. She turned to Michael then and began removing his clothes as she kissed him. She pulled him up to the head of the bed and moved between his legs. She then took him into her mouth and began sucking slowly on him. With her ass up in the air, Adam took this as an invitation and slide behind her and into her. 

"Mmm, you're a big boy aren't you," she said then began sucking Michael off faster. As Adam slammed into her from behind it pushed Michael's dick further into her mouth. Just as she felt Michael's orgasm start she also felt her self building to climax. Just as Michael came in her mouth Adam began convulsing with his and Kelly peaked with his last plunge.

"Oh yeah, oh yeah, yeah," she panted as her orgasm hit her. She rolled over laying her head on Michael's lap. Adam moved between her legs and began licking her.

"Oh my, once we get you started you're like the energizer bunny, aren't you." 

Michael laughed as he fondled her breast, rolling her nipples between his fingers. Adam continued licking her then he started to zero in on her clit and she could feel herself climbing again. Then he plunged his finger into her as he continued to tongue her slit. She began bucking in time with his hand. Michael moved and was kissing her as she continued to climb higher and higher. 

"Oh, yeah, oh, yeah, yeah...." as she came all over Adam's face.

After a few minutes Kelly got to her feet and pulled on her top and sweater.

"I don't know about you guys, but I need another drink. And a cigarette too, if I can find one."