 Please let me know if you like my story by leaving comments! This is the first one I have submitted and would love to hear what you think!!

~~~~~

To put this all in context, let me start off with a description of myself. My name is Kelly, and I'm a 22 year old college senior. I would describe myself as cute rather than hot. I'm your typical 5'6" white girl with boob length brown hair and blue eyes. I have smallish B-cup boobs (sort of tangerine sized) that don't attract much attention unless I'm wearing an amazing push up bra, its cold outside and you can see my erect nipples poking through, or when a guy gets to see me topless and revel in all the perky glory that comes with having smallish tits. Where I do attract attention is with my amazing ass (I work hard at it) and with my sensually curving hips. Guys just can't resist grabbing hold of my hips and grinding on my ass when I'm on the dance floor.

Enough context, let's get on with the story of how I had my first threesome. As the end of my final semester at university was winding down, my friends Brad and Sean decided to host a party to celebrate our pending graduation. I needed to blow off some steam after completing an extremely stressful final, so I was excited for the opportunity to get sloshed with my friends... I might have also been excited to get the opportunity to hook up with Brad again. We had hooked-up a couple of times at other parties, but I had always stopped it from going further than some topless heavy petting and the occasional blow-job. Brad was hot at 5'10" with a lean but muscular build, chiseled jaw, and brown hair with an effortless wave that even movie stars would envy. He also has a magnificent 6.5" cock that is so thick it's a challenge to properly blow him. While I masturbated constantly to the thought of him fucking me, I just didn't want to date him so I never let it go further than third base. 

I arrived at Brad and Sean's house and was greeted immediately by Sean with a big bear hug. Sean and I had met during orientation and had been friends since then. Sean is a bit of a jolly giant. He stands right at 6'4" and is chubby with curly red hair. Sean had been a bit more distant this year since I started hooking up with Brad occasionally. I think he was a bit jealous that he wasn't the one getting to grind on me at parties. I decided since this was one of the last times we would all be together that I should have some fun dancing up on him even if I wholly intended to end the night with Brad's cock in my mouth.

I broke free from Sean and entered the living room of their apartment which had been turned into a dance floor with the dining room transformed into a beer pong stadium. I saw Brad was engaged in a super serious game of beer pong so I grabbed Sean's hand and dragged him to the kitchen.

"Let's do a shot!" I yelled doing my best impersonation of a sorority girl.

"Yeah! Let's get sooo wasted!" said Sean.

We both pounded down our tequila shots and then grabbed a beer from the fridge. We started spectating the beer pong game so that we could ensure that we got the next game up. Brad easily smoked his opponents with 7 cups left on his side. Sean poured in our beers and went head to head against Brad to start off. Brad easily won the challenge and started off the game. He and his partner Julia quickly sunk 4 coups putting Sean and I at an early disadvantage. On our 5th round, I finally made a cup so we at least wouldn't be skunked. As Sean grabbed his ping pong ball and was about to go, Brad stopped him.

"Hold up Sean. Let's make this interesting and get you some motivation to get back into this game. If you make it into the same cup as Kelly, then you get to go grind on Kelly on the dance floor during the next round. I know rubbing your cock against her rocking ass will be just the motivation you need"

Sean looked startled at the suggestion. He quickly stuttered out a response "Ddudde... not cool Bro"

I quickly cut him off. "Sean, I do have a nice ass and it's a shame I haven't shared it with you yet. I agree to be the motivation behind your next shot!"

Apparently it worked because he quickly sunk the ball in the cup I had just gotten winning us an extra cup. However, I think the thought of soon grinding against my firm ass distracted him or convinced him to loose quickly because we didn't make any more cups except for one that I hit. We finished off the beer from the round, and I grabbed his hand and drug him to the dance floor.

"A deal is a deal, let's get our dance on!" He seemed a bit awkward still so I didn't start of grinding on him. I wrapped my arms around his neck and looked up at him and said "I just want to have fun tonight. Don't worry about what the 'rules' are." 

I started making out with him as we swayed to the music. He was a bit of a clumsy kisser... though I'm not sure if that's from inexperience or the fact that he's 10" taller than me! As we danced to the pop song, I started to feel his cock stiffen up against my stomach. The playlist then shuffled to some EDM by Tiësto.

"Now this is grinding music! Though you're going to have to crouch down some to get the full effect. Otherwise I'll just be grinding on your thighs and not that cock that's started to get excited!" I said as I turned around. I started gyrating my hips in time with the music. At first Sean was a bit stiff with his moves, but he soon loosened up and heeded my advice and grabbed my hips and pulled them towards him. As we continued to dance, Sean loosened up even more and enjoyed it as my ass teased his cock through his cargo shorts. It quickly began to harden and lengthen and lengthen some more as it became more erect. I turned around and began making out with Sean again. He apparently was feeling much bolder because he reached down and started to feel up my titties through the tight tank-top I was wearing. He got a real treat because I decided not to wear a bra to the party so I could tease the guys with my perky nipples... everyone needs to be a little slutty every now and then :). As he felt me up, I decided to match his boldness and reached down and started to feel his cock through his shorts. I was amazed to find at least an 8 or 9" cock hiding in his pants! Things were starting to heat up a bit too much with Sean for a public dance floor so I pulled away to go get a drink and find Brad. Feeling up Sean's cock made me pretty horny and I wanted to make sure Brad was going to be free later... I had made up my mind I was finally going to fuck him.

I found Brad still going at it in the beer pong tournament trying to keep his run alive. I decided that he had ignored me enough so I went up behind him and started grinding on him as he made his final shot.

"Crap Kelly! You made me miss!"

"I know. I did it on purpose! You have been ignoring me and I wanted to pull you away to the dance floor!" I retorted.

"You looked pretty content with Sean keeping you entertained out there" he said while he winked at me.

"Haha, yeah it was a lot of fun dancing with Sean. I'm glad you made us do it. Though now it's our turn to continue where we left off at the last party."

"I don't think I can drop my pants for you to suck on my cock in the middle of the dance floor. My other guests would get jealous." He joked.

"That's not what I meant! Come dance with me!" I replied

I grabbed his hand and pulled him out to the dance floor. We started dancing and making out to the music. I couldn't keep my hands off Brad as I enjoyed feeling his firm muscles. Maybe it was the tequila or feeling Sean's unexpectedly long cock earlier, but I was extremely horny and feeling a bit slutty. I grabbed Brad's ass and looked up at him with the most innocent face possible and whispered "If you play your cards right and keep me having fun tonight, I'll finally succumb to my inner sluttiness and let you fuck the shit out of me tonight."

Brad's eyes widened and he reached down and gave my firm ass a squeeze and said "I'll do anything you want to finally get between your gorgeous legs."

"Awesome! You can start by going and getting us party people some shots to keep this dance floor going."

Brad ran off to the kitchen and started pouring shots for the people on the dance floor. While he was away, I surveyed the dance floor noticing that all the couples were really getting into it. The exception was poor Sean who didn't have a date for the night. He was getting his groove on by himself, but I didn't like to see him all alone on the dance floor. I caught his eye and as sexily as possible waggled my finger at him in the most "come hither" way possible. He shrugged and made his way over to me across the dance floor.

"I thought you had given up on me and went back to dancing with Brad" he said.

"Awww, there's enough of this booty to dance with the both of you!" I shook my ass at him playfully prompting him to grab my hips and pull me towards him. We were dancing when Brad got back with the shots. He passed them around the floor and turned to face Sean and me.

"Well I seem to have lost my dance partner. I guess I'll just have to do this shot alone he said with a fake pouty face.

"No silly! You're going to join us and we're all going to do shots!" I grabbed two tequilas from Brad, gave one to Sean, and downed one myself. "Oh man, that's not exactly top shelf! I'm going to need a chaser for that shot." I grabbed Brad and pulled him towards me and started making out with him.

Sean was unfazed by Brad joining us and made me into a Kelly sandwich. I relished being the center of attention of these two guys. My pussy started getting wet as I gave into the feeling of being stimulated from both sides by Brad and Sean. After a while of being a Kelly sandwich, I felt Sean's cock going hard again so I stopped making out with Brad and turned around and started making out with Sean. He must have been feeling the tequila because while we were in the middle of the dance floor he stuck his hand down my jeans and started rubbing my clit. Sean rubbing my clit and feeling Brad's thick cock rubbing against my ass was too much. My already damp pussy started to get drenched as I felt the pleasure of the experience run through me from my toes to my tits. I pulled away from the guys and caught my breath.

"Guys this is too much. I know I'm experiencing my inner slutty side tonight, but I can't have yall make me cum on the dance floor!" I exclaimed.

"Well then, why don't we go up to my room and finally fuck like you promised earlier" Brad suggested.

"Sounds like a plan" I replied and started following him up the stairs to his room. I turned around and saw that Sean had stayed behind and looked pretty disappointed. I ran back and grabbed his hand saying "come on Sean, you're coming with us too. I'm not going to be denied that surprisingly big cock of yours on a night like tonight!"

Once we were in Brad's bedroom, I started to alternate kissing between Brad and Sean to restart the mood. After a minute, I turned to Sean and said "I have way too many pieces of clothing on right now. Why don't you help me off with my tank-top and give my perky tits some attention."

Sean pulled off my tank top and paused a second to look at my boobs. "Normally I'm into girls with big tits" he said. "But damn! I think you may have converted me to a small titty lover!" He reached down and began kissing and sucking on my right boob. I turned and looked at Brad who was just staring at my tits and his roommate sucking on one of them. "Don't leave this one lonely!" I exclaimed pointing at my left breast. Brad leaned down and began to give my left boob the same treatment that Sean was applying to my right boob. I was in heaven with the attention! Never before had I experienced both my nipples being sucked on at the same time. It made my pussy completely soak my panties.

I turned to Brad and said, "I still have too many clothes on Brad. Why don't you help me with these jeans."

"Sure thing" he said as he released my tit and knelt in front of me. He slowly unbuttoned and unzipped my jeans and rubbed his hands across my hips and gave my ass a playful squeeze. Brad then grabbed my jeans at the waist and quickly yanked them down. It took a couple of pulls since they were skin tight. Once he got them off, he turned to my panties and slowly pulled them down watching as a strand of pussy juice clung between my pussy and my panties as he pulled them down.

"Damn Kelly, you are really wet!" Brad exclaimed as he began eating out my pussy.

I blushed and said "I know. It's not every day I'm getting such attention from two guys at the same time. In fact, this is the first time I have ever done anything as slutty as this! I'm glad I remembered to shave my pussy before I came over tonight!"

"Yeah, your landing strip is incredibly hot!" said Brad as he came up for air. He quickly returned to eating out my pussy. This time though he started putting his fingers into my pussy. First one to loosen me up and then two and three. It felt amazing and sent a chill up my spine. I pulled up Sean from my tits and began making out with him as he continued to fondle my boobs while Brad devoured my pussy. I quickly felt the onset of an orgasm. I dug my fingers into Sean's back as I began to cum with waves of pleasure resonating from my clit. I used Sean to steady myself as I felt my legs go weak as I was overcome with the orgasm. I pulled away from both Brad and Sean as the orgasm subsided.

"Well that was kind of amazing. Now I need to repay the pleasure!" I got down on my knees and pulled down Brad's pants. His thick uncut cock poked out of the flap of his boxers. I pulled down his boxers and took his cock into my mouth and began to bob up and down on his cock. Since it was so thick I was only able to get about 4" into my mouth even after I got it super sloppy wet with my spit.

I felt a tap on my shoulder and turned to Sean and saw him pointing at his shorts. I pulled off of Brad's cock and turned to Sean's cargo shorts and pulled them down. His cock was so long it was poking out of his boxer's waist band. I freed his cock and just sat back and admired his cock. Up close, it was definitely longer than any cock I had experienced before at a solid 9.5 inches long. However, his cock was on the thin side so I thought it would be okay to fit inside of me. I grabbed it by the base and began sucking on the top half of his cock. I grabbed Brad's cock and began jacking him off too so that he wouldn't feel left out. I alternated between the two gorgeous but very different cocks. I bobbed up and down vigorously on their cocks trying to bring them to orgasm too.

After about 10 minutes of this, Sean interrupted and said, "Wow Kelly, I'd never thought you would be this amazing at being a slut. Why don't you take it to the next level and see if you can deep throat me?"

I turned to Brad "Are you okay with me devoting some attention to just Sean? I know I'd never be able to deep throat that cock or yours."

"Sure" Brad replied. "It's going to be incredibly hot to watch you choke down that long cock of his."

I turned to Sean and took his cock back into my mouth and gave it a good slobbering to lube it up. My first few attempts at getting it down my throat were unsuccessful and just left me coughing and gagging.

"Stick out your tongue and slowly work it in" suggested Brad. "You might also want to lay back on the bed so that you have a direct path instead of a curved one"

I gave a sly look at Brad and jokingly said "How do you know such good techniques for sucking down a long cock?"

"You know, the internet and stuff" Brad mumbled in reply.

I just laughed and jumped up on the bed to try again. I hung my head back over the side of the bed with my mouth open ready to receive Sean's long cock. He obliged and put his cock back into my mouth. I spent a few moments sucking and licking the throbbing head of his cock just to drive him nuts. He then began slowly pushing his cock back into my mouth. It went well until it reached the back of my throat and I momentarily gagged. I had to stop for a moment to recover. I remembered Brad's advice and stuck my tongue out further which allowed Sean to slide his cock further into my mouth. Slowly I worked his cock back into my throat. Whenever I would struggle to take anymore, I would look over at Brad stroking his cock and the look of pleasure on his face from the sight of me devouring Sean's cock and gain the motivation I needed to go the extra step.

Brad's advice really helped and I was able to work all 9.5 inches of Sean's cock down into my throat a little at a time. Apparently he rather enjoyed it because he shot his load down my throat without warning. It was amazing feeling his load slide down my throat without having to swallow it from my mouth.

Sean pulled his cock out of my throat and sat down on the bed next to me. "Damn Kelly, that's the first time a girl has ever gotten my cock all the way down before. That was awesome!"

"I'm glad you enjoyed it!" I replied with a slutty smile. Now I need to finish off Brad before his balls turn blue. I took Brad into my mouth and sucked him off until he came inside my mouth in several hot squirts. I struggled to contain all of his cum as I furiously swallowed it down. I wish I could have savored the salty tanginess of his cum, but it would have come spewing out of my mouth if I hadn't swallowed as quickly as possible.

The three of us collapsed on the bed to regain our strength. I slowly stroked each guys cock to get them ready for the next round of fun.

"Now guys, it's time for the real fun. I promised Brad that I would finally spread my legs and let him fuck me. Well it's your lucky day because I'm going to let both of you fuck me."

I jumped up onto my hands and knees with my pussy at the ready. "All right Brad, come over here and fuck me!" He got behind me and grabbed my hips. He put the head of his dick against my pussy lips and started to push inside of me. "Slowly please!" I cautioned. "At least at first until I get used to this massive dick." I pushed back against his cock until it slowly filled my pussy. It was painful at first accommodating such a large cock. But once I got used to it, I rather enjoyed having my pussy stretched out. "All right, I think I'm ready for you to really fuck me now!"

Brad didn't need much prompting, he started going to town on my pussy. He started giving me the pound of my life. His thick cock was truly like getting hit with a pleasure hammer.

"Oh! yeah! Don't! Stop! Brad! This is AH-MAZE-ING!" I managed to get out between breaths as he pounded my pussy.

I had closed my eyes to enjoy Brad's thick cock until I felt something warm and heavy land on my face. I opened my eyes and saw Sean with his long cock draped across my face. I smiled up at him and gasped "So Sean" [gasp] "Oh that's good" [gasp] "You want" [gasp] "To make this" [gasp] "A spit roast?"

"Yes I do" he replied as he started to feed me his cock.

I slurped down his cock and started bobbing up in down on his head in rhythm with Brad's thrusts. Seeing his long cock stretch out in front of me was a challenge I couldn't pass up. I used the momentum from Brad's thrust to slowly start deep throating Sean again. Once I got Sean's cock buried in my throat, I took control of my spit roasting. I started rocking my body back and forth so that I'd alternate between pushing Brad as deep as possible into my pussy with thrusting Sean all the way down my throat. It was amazing being in control but at the same time being trapped between the two cocks that impaled my pussy and my throat. The guys saw how much I was getting into it and decided to make sure that I was going to cum. Brad reached down and started furiously rubbing my clit while Sean played with my nipples. This pushed me over the edge and I started to cum. Hard. I stopped my spit roasting motion and just let my orgasm rock through me. My drenched pussy was clenching so hard that it made Brad shoot his hot load of cum deep inside of my pussy. My eyes widened as I felt his cum splash inside of me. Apparently this was going to be my first threesome AND my first creampie. 
