 After a heady night's work letting it all hang out at the Berriga Pub's "Tits-Out Thursday", Libby and I were in trouble. We had been strolling through the carpark, utterly naked, our heads buzzing with elation after our lewd antics in the pub. We were ready to leap into my absent husband's luxury saloon and drive off into the night, most likely with our fingers buried deep inside ourselves, ready to masturbate with wild and abandoned fury as we relived our adventures.

But it was not to be. Walking back to where we had parked in a darkened corner of the lot, far from the pub, my heart was gripped with panic as we beheld a group of four guys standing around the car. They were huge, all of them big and bulky, each of them missing teeth and with scars on their faces... the very definition of ugly, unpleasant hillbilly hicks.

"Well hello, Libby," one of them – apparently their leader – spoke up. "How nice to see you again. And you've brought along a friend this time..."

I looked to Libby, hoping desperately that this was all just a joke; that perhaps she might smile at them in recognition, and they would break into laughter, the threatening air would dissipate and they would prove to be friends. Instead, Libby had stopped in her tracks, hesitant, trying to look brave though I could see she was fighting down her panic.

"Boys," she replied, curtly. "I hope we're not going to have any trouble tonight."

"You bet you're gonna have trouble," the lead hick promised her. "Your mate smashed my nose up a real treat, last time we met," he added, pointing to his ugly broken nose as proof; was he referring to my Tom? "When we heard you had come back tonight we rushed on over here, and straight away we picked this pimp-mobile as his. So where is he?"

"He's not with us," Libby told them, bravely. "If you've got some beef with him, you'll have to wait til next time."

"No no," the hick disagreed. "I'm thinking: if we can't take it out of his arse, we're just gonna have to take it out of yours. And a mighty fine arse to take it out of, too. Awful kind of you to leave it unwrapped for us." and his posse of hillbilly thugs leered their agreement.

"Who's your friend?" another one of the hicks chimed in, scanning me up and down with the most repugnant look on his face. Now more than ever, I wished we had got dressed before we left the pub.

"Get your damn eyes off her," Libby nearly snarled, her fists balling up instantly.

The ferocity of her reaction took them all aback – and me too – but only for a second before their ugly chuckles and unkind gazes came back to me. "Oho..." their leader saw. "She's a 'special friend' then, eh? Well well," he reckoned. He had been reclining lazily against the front fender of my husband's car, but now he stood up properly to saunter a few steps in my direction. "Hello there," he greeted me, with the most unkind intentions blazing in his squinty little eyes.

I felt the fear grip my heart as he walked towards me. I knew, without a shadow of doubt, that he was an animal; he would take what he wanted, he would not hear 'no' for an answer, and Libby and I were in trouble – me especially, as I saw his evil hunger locked unwavering on me. But before he could get any closer, Libby stepped protectively in front of me.

"You stay the fuck away from her," she hissed, dangerously and possessively.

"No I don't think so," the guy told her, though he did pause somewhat in his advance. "You and your buddy caused all of us a great deal of agony, you see; and it's just like they say: 'payback's a bitch.'"

"You've got to leave her alone," Libby told her, and now there was an edge of pleading in her voice. "Please. She's a mother."

"And a yummy mummy at that," the hick replied, with a few more chuckles and whistles of agreement from his posse as they rose and stepped up behind him.

"Please," Libby said again; and even as I saw her shoulders slump somewhat, I knew what she was going to say. "Please... do me instead."

That made them all stop. "Come again?" the lead hillbilly invited, most surprised.

"You can do me instead," Libby told them, though I could scarcely believe my ears. "I'll let you do it. I won't stop you."

"Libby... no..." I breathed, in sheer disbelief.

"What... all of us?" the second-hick-in-command piped up, with optimism.

Libby nodded her consent, most grudgingly. "But only," she added, "if you promise you won't touch my friend."

Terrifyingly, our aggressors looked dubious. "I dunno..." their leader mused. "I mean, she's an awful fine piece of arse there."

"She's done nothing to you," Libby reminded them. "My friend broke your nose, and I ran the rest of you over with his Porsche... but she hasn't done a thing to you. She doesn't even know him," she added, which was of course an outright lie; I was in fact married to him and had borne his children. 

I'd had no idea that Libby and Tom had faced down these guys before, and it amazed me that Tom had dealt with their leader so effectively. For as long as I'd known my husband I'd never seen him in a fight, though I'd also never seen him with a cause to fight for. How I wished he was with us now – but he was still ten thousand miles away, tooling around Europe exactly when I needed him to be with me.

"Look, just..." Libby went on. "Just do me. All of you. Go for it. Just please: don't hurt my friend. Okay?"

An awful smile had been growing on the lead hick's face as he grew to enjoy the idea. "Well, seeing as you asked so nicely," he leered, which made my skin crawl with horror.

"Libby, no!" I cried, finally finding my voice. "You can't!"

"Kells, I have to," she whispered back, as the hicks started laughing and arguing over who would get to do Libby first. "We can't beat them, and it's too far to run for help. If I don't do this, they'll rape us and kill us both. It's the only way I can protect you."

"But... but Libs..." I murmured, as tears started spilling from my eyes.

Tears of her own were gathering in Libby's eyes. "It's my fault we're here," she told me. "It's my fault we came to work here on Tits-Out Thursday. It's my fault these guys are angry. Shit, it's even my fault you started posting on Literotica in the first place. If it wasn't for me, none of this would have happened and you'd be safe at home with your kids. And... and I pushed you for sex so many times..." And I saw that Libby felt guiltiest over that, more than anything else; I wanted to tell her to stop, she had nothing to apologise for, but she kept talking. "I've got to do this. I love you Kells... please don't love me less for this..."

I could hardly speak, as her words sank in and broke my heart. "How could I possibly love you any less?" I asked of her. "I just... Libs, I don't want you to do this..."

She smiled at me: sad, scared, but decided. "I have to," she whispered. "If it will protect you... if it will keep you safe... then I want to. I'll take him, and them, and everyone in that fucking pub. I'll take a hundred cocks for you, if it will keep you safe. I love you," she whispered again as she took my hands in hers.

"Libby..." was all I could say, as she turned to go. There was so much I wanted to say to her. I wanted to thank her, but tell her no, don't do it. I wanted to volunteer myself in her stead, but I couldn't. I was too scared, I wasn't nearly as courageous as Libby.

"Here she comes, boys!" the leader declared, and the group whooped and cheered with evil delight as Libby approached.

She fronted up to them, standing tall, brave and noble in defiance of their ugliness; her shoulders back, breasts firm and proud, her arse pert and just so as she stood naked before them. "Who's first?" she asked, managing to sound casual to the utmost.

There was a general surge as all in the pack tried to get to her first, but their leader beat them back. "She's mine!" he growled at them. "Me first! You can deal with the 'sloppy seconds'," he leered, and they laughed in grudging acquiescence.

"Libby," I called after her, hoarse and squeaky as my voice failed me. She had walked around the car to get to them, and now she turned her back on them, bending forwards slightly to lay her hands palms-down on the bonnet of Tom's car. The animals banding behind her all whistled and whooped in ugly appreciation, as I imagined what they saw: her legs spread slightly and body leaning forwards, her pretty little pussy exposed, and possibly open...

"Look at that, boys," the lead thug cheered, even as he started at his jeans. Thankfully the bonnet of Tom's car was high enough that it shielded my eyes from the man's beastly cock. I could only look on in horror, unable to look away as he stepped up close, close as can be, closer than he deserved to be with my Libby; and I saw Libby flinch as he stooped slightly, his cock at the ready, its tip brushing against her unwilling lips, ready to push forwards...

...when there was a roar from behind us, and a flurry of gravel as a Porsche came barrelling around the corner, heading right for us all. Even before recognition dawned on me, I saw Libby jam an elbow into her would-be attacker's most delicate area, and as he crumpled in agony she jumped out of the way, barely moments before the Porsche hit the big sedan with enough force to shunt it forwards and knock all the hillbillies to the ground.

The Porsche revved its engine as it backed up. In a daze, I found myself wondering how it could still be running with so much damage to its nose, until I remembered that somebody told me Porsches actually have their engines in the boot. Who told me that...? 

"Tom..." I breathed, even as the driver's door opened and, impossibly, the very man leapt out with murder in his eye.

"Kelly! Libby!" Tom boomed. "Are you okay?"

"Tom, I think she's in shock," I heard Libby say. She was suddenly beside me, unhurt and free of hillbilly violation.

I was about to say something when I heard an angry yell of recognition: the impact had skittled the hillbillies, but as one they had risen and now had murder in their eyes for Tom. "You!!" their leader bellowed, his cock still swinging in the breeze. "You broke my fucking nose!"

Tom held his ground, even as they began to advance upon him: "I'll snap it off this time – your nose, and anything else that comes to hand," he added.

The hillbillies were almost upon him, their leader rearing back for a swing that would surely have been the end for my poor Tom, when we were all brought short by an unexpected explosion – the sound of a shot fired into the air. We turned and saw Agnes the publican, her toothless face set in a no-nonsense squint as she brought her shotgun to bear on our aggressors.

They didn't even pause – the hillbilly pack simply turned tail and fled. Agnes and her shotgun must have already earned a reputation.

"Oh shit," I heard Libby breathe. "Agnes, thank you! But I didn't know you owned a gun..."

"I own the gun," she told us, and with a cheeky grin she added, "but I only owned the one cartridge. You all had better get going."



Libby, Tom and I piled into the Porsche as advised; Tom cranked it into gear and tore us out of there. The broken-nosed Porsche was evidently still in working order; I was not so sure about Tom's 'big bruiser' and neither Libby or I were in much of a state for driving it home with us.

"Will your big car be okay?" Libby asked, perhaps reading my mind. "If those hicks come back they'll probably trash it."

"That's what insurance is for," Tom told her as we sped off into the dark. "Well then," he added, as we all sat back and tried not to let the reaction hit us too hard. "It might be an idea to find a new topless bar to work in, don't you think?"

I simply stared at him as relief, wonder and amazement all fought for control of my face. "Where the fuck did you come from?" I demanded of him. "Weren't you in Europe?"

"Babes: when you sent me those pictures of you and Libby, stripping each other down and getting all up-close and personal," he told me, with a grin, "I couldn't stay away. I cancelled the rest of my book tour and flew on home to surprise you. I found your mother minding the kids, she told me you and Libs had 'gone to the pub', and when she made some comment about Libby's itty bitty black skirt and red shoes, I put that together with the fact it was Thursday... and decided I'd better tear on out in the Porsche, see if I couldn't catch the end of the show," he finished, with a wicked grin.

"Well you got here just in time," Libby told him. "That guy's cock was so close... so close..." Tom and I picked up that particular note in her voice, and we both looked back to see Libby, in the back seat with nary a stitch on her, legs spread wide and her fingers plunged deeply into herself.

My jaw dropped. "Libs!" I cried. "That... that didn't turn you on, did it?"

"Are you kidding?" she rejoined. "The danger... the close call... the adrenaline... Tom turning up like a knight in shining armour to rescue us... mmm..." she added, needing to say nothing more.

I had to admit, the whole thing had me incredibly riled as well. We had escaped a very close shave indeed, I had little doubt now that those guys would definitely have pinned me down too once they'd had their fill of Libby. The thought of that definitely wasn't a turn-on, but the reaction, the sheer relief, and just as Libby said: the adrenaline of it all... I realised my moisture was making the leather seat beneath me fairly slick, my nipples were so incredibly hard they almost hurt, and a glance in Tom's lap revealed a similar state of arousal in him.

"You know," he began. "I think I'm gonna have to pull over..."

Hardly had he done so when I more or less jumped on him. It felt like it had been forever since I had last laid hands on him. It was like a lifetime ago, back before I had discovered Literotica, discovered Libby's pictures and Tom's encouragement of Libby in her work. The mere sight of the lump in his pants brought me to the boil, straight away, and as I kissed him he kissed me back, hot and heavy, our hands nearly colliding as we simultaneously reached for each other – as he reached for my tits and I for his cock.

Tom and I worked at each other, running our hands all over the other, and Libby watched us from the back seat, her fingers sucking and squelching noisily in and out of her pussy as she three-fingered herself with total abandon. Both Tom and I regularly glanced back to catch her show, even as we worked to strip Tom down to a state similar to our own. In no time at all his shirt was gone, his pants flew down and his jocks verily did scamper away from my ravenous efforts. And finally, finally I had him. No, WE had him: Libby and I finally had our Tom, naked with us, so close in the tight confines of the little sports car.

I heard Libby moan appreciatively as Tom's cock sprang into view. With barely a thought, I was on it, I leaned down and took it into my mouth, suspecting that I may have only just beat Libby to it!

"Oh Kells..." Libby moaned as she watched me suck my husband, as I sucked on Tom's rod long and hard and deeply. "Kelly, you're so sexy," she told me, her voice raising higher and flightier as she kept three-finger-fucking herself towards a frenzy. "Kelly, look at you sucking Tom's cock... sucking Tom's beautiful, long, hard cock..."

I looked shortly up at Tom, catching his eye as I grinned around a mouthful of meat. We both basked gladly in Libby's praise, Tom thrilling to hear another woman expressing appreciation for his long thick member, me thrilling to hear my friend lusting after that which was mine – thrilling also, to know that Libby was getting off on watching me please him, watching me sucking and slurping greedily upon my husband's bulging cock.

"Kelly, you're so beautiful..." Libby went on, as she kept on plunging her fingers, deep and merciless into her gorgeous little cunt. "Oh my god Kelly, you're so sexy, your tits are so big and so beautiful, your arse is so awesome, your curves, your skin... oh how I want you, Kelly," she confessed, her voice becoming deeper, guttural, growling and wanton as she voiced her desires. "I want you, Kelly. I want to have you... to touch you... I want it so bad, Kelly I want to make you cummmm..." and she trailed off helplessly, thrashing at herself as though she was so close yet so far to an orgasm of her own... as though she'd never get there, she wasn't getting what she wanted. She wanted to fuck me and she wanted me to fuck her and try as she might, she'd never get herself off while she was denied of me.

How I hated to see her, Libby, my best and oldest friend, denied of what she wanted. And how I wanted her too. There was no denying it now, I wanted her, I wanted to have her and to be had by her... and I wanted Tom to watch. I knew he loved the thought of bearing witness to girl-on-girl action. He had mentioned it many times before, always joking-but-not-quite... I knew what he wanted, what I wanted, and what Libby desperately wanted and needed.

So I paused in my ministrations upon Tom's cock, and looked up at him. "Well babe – whaddaya say?"

Both Tom and Libby merely stared at me, silent and agape.

"Tom's always said, I could hook up with a woman if I wanted to – but only if he could watch," I informed Libby, in a sultry purr of my own. "So then, hubby: what say you?"

Tom blinked rapidly, barely daring to dream that he had heard me correctly. "Are you serious?" he managed.

"Fucking oath I am serious," I told him – clasping his cock in my hand and pumping slowly upon it, up and down, to keep him on the boil. "Just look at her, Tom!" He gladly did so, drinking in her bare naked form, her tits so perky, her curves so tight and toned, her pussy dripping wet and prised open by her own fingers. Although he certainly wasn't seeing anything new; from all Libby had posted on the Literotica boards, and all he had viewed privately in this very car when they'd naughtily come on up for Tits-Out Thursday without me. Tom was definitely no stranger to Libby's finer features.

"Just look at her!" I said again. "Look how hot she is... I want her too, Tom. I want Libby too." I looked into Libby's eyes as I said it. She and I both knew it. We both knew we had long been holding out against a fiercely mutual attraction, though her eyes lit up with joy to hear me finally confirm it.

"May I have her, Tom?" I asked of him, turning back to him and pausing to run the tip of my tongue, slow and gradually and enticingly along the length of his cock, earning an exquisite little shudder out of my man – as though he needed to be swayed by the action. "May we do it? May we do it together, Libby and I? For you?"

Tom didn't even hesitate with his reply: "Fuck yes!" he cried.

I turned to Libby, to see her regarding me with surprise and growing glee – and we launched ourselves at each other, colliding with our lips and breasts and arms, enveloping each other as we met half-way between the front and back seats of the car.

Libby and I didn't hold back now. With permission from Tom, I finally felt ready. She could have me now. I was hers to take and she knew it. Her fingers flew down my body, whisking over my breasts, down my stomach, across my hips and suddenly she was in me. My best friend Libby, beautiful and feminine, whom I had known and loved for so long, finally had her fingers deep and hard in my willing cunt...

...and I screamed as I came, I gasped and screamed and came with pure unfiltered pleasure as she slipped her fingers into my depths, tickled my clit with her thumb, slipped her fingers out to run their tips over my clit, and then repeated the process, fucking me with her fingers and rubbing my most tender spot hard between each stroke; I came and I came some more, clutching her free hand to my tit as she nuzzled my neck and ground her own sex against my thigh, as I reached up to cup her wondrous breasts in my hands, kneading them roughly and mercilessly as I treated her roughly in my pleasure...
