 This is chapter 1 of a new series. It'll be a long one (18 chapters written so far), and at times it's more of a series of individual stories with ongoing characters. Read one or read them all. 

It's a spin-off from my Tucker's Studio stories. I enjoyed writing that series the most when the little redheaded porn star Kelsey was involved. A reader suggested I delve deeper into her relationship with her swinging parents and their friends, and this is the result. If you don't want to read the entire Tucker's Studio series first, you might want to read Chapter 13, Cinnamon Sugar, and chapter 23, Cinnamon Sugar In The Summertime. Kelsey is featured in many of the other Tucker's Studio chapters too, but those two would be a very good introduction to her, and to this new spin-off. 

I'm going to put all these chapters in the Group Sex category, but many different Literotica categories are touched on over the course of this series. Group Sex, Mature, Anal, Exhibitionist and Voyeur, Fetish, Loving Wives, Girl/Girl, First Time, Incest/Taboo, etc. Incest doesn't play a big part in most of the chapters, but it does sneak in occasionally, most often in the form of an undercurrent of incestual desire. 

As is usual with my stories, all people and places are fictional. All characters are over eighteen.


Kelsey's World.  Chapter 1.

It was warm under the white roof of the big arena, a record-breaking ninety-three degrees on that late May day. The graduates sat in row after row of metal chairs, sweat trickling down their faces from under their mortarboard caps. Some of the young women tugged at the fronts of their navy blue graduation gowns, pumping fresh warm air in to replace the hot humidity surrounding their underclothes.

Kelsey and her best friend Hannah were dripping with sweat, but they had no underclothes to soak it up. The polyester gowns clung to their bare, sticky skin. They tugged at them like the others, but it didn't help much. Kelsey could feel beads of sweat rolling down the front of her. The headwater of the trickling stream was under the thick collar of the gown. The topography of her petite body directed the wetness between her voluptuous breasts, down the center of her belly to her crotch. Some simple cotton panties would have done wonders to soak up the perspiration, but there were none. They were left behind in her bedroom, along with the bra that any sensible girl with tits as big as hers should be wearing. The sensible skirt and blouse were left in her closet, too.

Hannah was in the same boat, although her smaller braless breasts weren't nearly as blatant under her gown as Kelsey's big wigglers. Her moisture issues were the same though, with enough sweat trickling down her bare skin and gathering between her legs to make her think about the wet spot that might show on the back of her gown when she walked across the stage. It didn't worry her much. Being in the naughty naked nude under her gown was too much fun. Four years at college with Kelsey had transformed her, from the somewhat meek daughter of conservative Christian parents into a supremely sexual young woman who reveled in her nudity, small tits be damned.

The stifling heat in the stadium reached its zenith as the students filed across the stage. Hannah shook the chancellor's hand and claimed her diploma, waving in the direction of her cheering parents. Farther down the line Kelsey made it to the stage, climbing the steps onto the platform. As she waited her turn she adjusted her gown and tugged at it again, pumping some fresh air under it in a futile attempt to make it cling less to her sweaty body. It didn't help that her nipples were hard — being on stage and the excitement of the moment always did that to her. The dark blue polyester stuck to the top half of her big tits like shrinkwrap, culminating with the lovely poke-out of her nipples, after which it draped off of her in the more classic sense.

Her name was called — "Kelsey Jonston" — echoing throughout the big arena. She heard her mother whoop as she started the walk across the stage. Her big tits wiggled the way you'd imagine a porn star's would, and she smiled at the faculty and administrators as she passed them in their seats. They smiled back, although the women didn't look as delighted as the men. She paused when she reached the chancellor, long enough for her wiggling woman parts to mostly still themselves. As she took her diploma and shook the man's hand she rose on her tiptoes and kissed him on the cheek. She noticed a blush start to flush his cheeks as she walked away. No one else had kissed the important man, but Kelsey had always tended to let big moments take her where they wanted to go. As she descended the stairs at the other end of the stage, big tits wobbling again, she raised her hands toward the whoops in the crowd — her mom and dad, Tucker, Marsha and Liz, Chip and Andrew, Jamar and Latanya and Billy were all there. Many in the student section were cheering her on. Her smile was big and bright, but the moment was bittersweet. Her college days were over.

—

Kelsey felt a bit deflated the next day when she tossed her duffel bag on the floor of her childhood bedroom and flopped herself down on the bed. Her  years at college had been a whirlwind — classes, dorm parties that were often orgies, four years of making porn at Tucker's studio with the friends she made there, and a long sexual affair with her Digital Illustration professor. Not to mention the annual trips to Vegas for the adult video awards, which she won three times — Most Promising Newcummer, Best actress in a Gangbang and Best Blowjob. Settling into the rhythms of life at her childhood home with her mom and dad would take some getting used to.

"Aren't you warm, Honey?" her mother Kay asked, standing naked in Kelsey's bedroom doorway.

"You always beat me to it, Mom," Kelsey said, smiling at her naturist mother. She unbuttoned her shirt as her mother watched.

"Ooo, that's pretty, Honey," Kay said, eyeing the lacy bustier bra that was supporting her daughter's ample tits. "I like how your nipples show. They looked sexy under that shirt. You wouldn't even know you had a bra on. Girls like us who get hard easy should always let ‘em show, don't you think?"

"Yeah," Kelsey smiled. She loved how freely her mom talked about things. "Did you see that guy at the gas station when we went in for sodas? He was checkin' us both out."

"Men like hard nipples," Kay said, leaning languidly against the doorframe. "I do too." Right on cue hers hardened up, looking perky as all get-out on her big tits. 

Kelsey's little bustier was off and she stripped off her leggings and tiny thong. Kay admired her daughter's body, remembering when her tits looked just like Kelsey's. They were still very similar, but the years had lowered Kay's a bit.

"What do you think the man at the gas station would think of us now?" Kay asked, as she walked toward Kelsey. She took her hand and stood next to her in front of the dresser mirror. The two redheads looked each other over. Kelsey's nipples hardened just like her mother's. The two women looked like twins born nineteen years apart.

"I think he'd cream his pants," Kelsey giggled. Kay giggled too.

"Oh, Honey, we're gonna have so much fun," Kay said. "I know you'd rather live on your own, but I'm so happy you're here." She turned her head toward her daughter and kissed her — a warm, soft kiss on the cheek that caught the corner of Kelsey's mouth as her head turned. They both smiled at the awkwardness of it, but didn't pull away. Their mouths opened at the same moment, joining in a more serious kiss, one with some sexual heat behind it. Kay's tongue brushed tentatively into Kelsey's mouth and they both moaned a little. It was a good feeling, but an odd one. Sort of like kissing yourself.

"Hhhoof!" Kay sighed when the short but steamy kiss ended. "I'm gonna need your father at full throttle tonight. You...can join us if you want." 

It was new territory and Kay was always excited when she broke new ground. Bobby had always said he didn't want to fuck his daughter, but Kay wasn't sure she believed him. It'd be all right with her if it happened, she suddenly realized. Kelsey was a little shocked when she saw it in her mother's eyes, and the revelation made her tingle.

"Wow," she said quietly. "I shouldn't be surprised, but...this feels...big."

"He certainly does," Kay said, with a twinkling, mischievous smile.

"Mom!" Kelsey said, her own eyes twinkling above a shining, amazed smile. She couldn't help but think of her father's hard cock, the one she'd seen plunge into at least a dozen different women.

"Just...something to think about," Kay said. "Anything's fine. Right? Let's be the anything's fine house this summer."

"Anything's fine, huh?" Kelsey smiled. "My parents the swingers." She shook her head in wonderment and kissed her mom again, a more proper peck on the cheek.

"I was thinking you might like a bigger bed," Kay said, plopping her naked butt down on the pink chenille bedspread. "A twin isn't very...fun."

"Oh. Yeah, I guess," Kelsey said.

"Your father and I want you to feel comfortable having friends over. You'll need more room than this," Kay said, running her hand over the bumpy chenille. "I can still see you curled up here in your cheerleader uniform. Remember how exhausted you used to be after practice?"

"I think the men like my little pink bed and the pom-poms on the wall," Kelsey smirked.

"Oh, yes!" Kay giggled. "They probably do! Maybe I should get a cheerleader uniform!"

"Oh my God, you should!" Kelsey said. "You'd just about fit in my old one."

Kay giggled some more, pleased that her body had held up so well. Not many forty-one-year-old women were within an inch or two of slipping into a cheerleader uniform last worn by a petite seventeen-year-old.

"It's a small room, but a full-sized bed would fit in here easy," Kay said, looking around. "Maybe a queen. We could swap it for one of the party room beds, but I'd kinda like to keep those. We can shop for a new one tomorrow if you want, and when you get a place of your own you can take it with you. I like the ones on a platform. Then you don't have to worry about them no matter what you're doing. We've had...oh my gosh, eight maybe, on ours, and I've never thought about it."

Kelsey laughed. "Mom, nobody's gonna be thinking about that when they've got eight naked people on their bed."

"I guess not," Kay said. "It's just good to buy the best tool for the job."

Kelsey smiled and shook her head again. She was home.

—

"Oh, fuck yeah! Fuckin' give it to me!"

The words were muffled, but the walls of the big old house were thin. Kay's ears latched onto the sexy sounds like sonar. She turned the page of her book as she lay next to her sleeping husband, listening to her daughter being fucked in the next room.

"Oh fuck! I'd forgotten how good you feel!"

Kay smiled at Kelsey's words. The young man in question was Austin. Kay didn't know him well. She knew he was her daughter's first — she and Kelsey had talked about it once. But Kelsey hadn't brought him around as much as her other friends. Kay wished she had, because he was a beautiful young man.

"Oh God! Oh, fuck yeah! Give me that big cock!"

"Oh Kel! I'm gonna cum! I'm gonna cum!"

Kay closed her eyes and smiled when she heard Austin's grunts and her daughter's perfectly timed orgasm. She knew it was the real deal — Kelsey didn't fake orgasms. Kay rolled onto Bobby, kissed him awake and waited for his cock to harden in her hand. She slipped it into her wet pussy, imagining it was Austin's. It only took her a minute to cum.

—

"How'd the bed work?" Kay asked. She and Kelsey were at breakfast table, both of them naked, as usual.

Kelsey giggled. "Good I guess."

"Austin's so cute," Kay said.

"Yeah," Kelsey smiled. "You should have seen the look on his face when he heard you cum. I don't think he was expecting that."

"Oh no! Was it okay?"

"Yeah. I mean he knows about you guys," Kelsey said, "but the thin walls sort of surprised him, when he realized you had heard us, too.

"Oh, well, he'll get used to that," Kay said. "Maybe you'll think I'm horrible, but, would you want to invite him to a party sometime?"

Kelsey giggled when she saw her mother's nipples harden. "You wanna fuck the boy who took my virginity?"

"Why wouldn't I? I mean..."

Kelsey laughed again. "It's okay Mom. I get it."

"Oh. Okay. I won't...I mean I shouldn't..."

"Mom, I get it. I like to fuck your friends too, remember?"

"Yes, but...is it the same? I guess I'm not used to it yet."

"You will be," Kelsey smirked. "He thinks you're hot."

"Oh," Kay said, processing things. A smile grew on her face. "Good."

"Mornin', Sweetheart," Bobby said. His soft cock brushed Kelsey's arm when he kissed the top of her head. 

"Mornin', Daddy."

Kelsey couldn't help but think about his cock all hard again, the big swollen thing filling her mom's pussy, making her cum so nice while she and Austin listened. She assumed he had heard her and Austin in the throws of their own fuck session, but he'd been asleep and hadn't.

"Austin's nice. You should bring him by more often."

"Yeah. I like him," Kelsey said. "You don't mind hearing us?"

"Hearing you?" Bobby said.

"Daddy was sleeping," Kay said.

"Oh," Kelsey said.

"But no, of course we don't mind, right, Honey?" Kay asked Bobby.

Bobby put two and two together. "No, no. Of course not. That's the last thing I'd mind."

"Me too," Kay said to Kelsey. "I kind of...enjoy it. I know that's not very motherly..."

Kelsey looked at her mother and smiled a shy smile. "Mommy's insatiable," she said to her dad.

"You know, when your mom was pregnant with you and they told us you were a girl, that's the first thing that crossed my mind — Oh God, she's gonna be insatiable, just like her mother."

"A premonition?" Kelsey asked, smiling like she knew the answer.

"Fate," Bobby said.

Kay put two hot bagels on the table and poured more coffee.

"I think Raymond's coming home today," Kelsey said, glancing at her mom with a knowing smile.

"Oh, good. And Brie?" Kay asked, knowing Bobby would want to know.

"I don't know," Kelsey said. "Pretty soon I think. Her roommate's coming home with her. Her parents are in Europe or something. Brie said she's like a real strict Pentecostal or some weird thing."

"Nothin' weird about it, Honey," Kay said. "Everybody's different. Did Brie ever settle in at school?"

"No, but she stuck it out because it's a good school. Except for the classes she was really bored. She's glad it's over."

"She'll make a good teacher. Don't you think, Honey?" Kay asked Bobby.

"Brie? Oh sure," he said, remembering how tight her young pussy felt when he fucked her for two hours straight the previous summer. "She's a sweet girl."

"Do you think Pentecostals have sex?" Kelsey asked.

"Sure they do, Honey," Kay said. "But Brie's friend might not. We can all respect that."

"Oh, yeah, I know," Kelsey said, thinking to herself how awkward that would be. She sipped her coffee, looking across the top of her mug at her father. He was forty-one just like Kay, and his body was holding up nearly as well. Three days a week at the local gym with his best friend and partner Albert had worked wonders on his slim frame. Kelsey liked the way his temples were graying, and the gray that was creeping into his chest hair. Only coming home intermittently during her college years had let her see the changes in him more clearly. She liked the more mature look.

"You still wanna wait a couple weeks before you start work, Sweetheart?" Bobby asked. "Albert's got some projects lined up for you, but they can wait. It's up to you."

"Oh, yeah, I mean if it's okay. Everybody's coming home, and nobody's got jobs yet, so..."

"Yeah, that's fine, Sweetheart," he said.

"Your father's so thrilled to have you work with him," Kay said. "When you were little and started drawing good he said, "Wouldn't it be fun to have a family business.""

Kelsey smiled and sipped her coffee. She'd heard the story a dozen times but it still made her feel good. She knew how lucky she was to have a job waiting for her. All of her friends were going to be deep in the job interview process within a week or two. Designing the advertising ‘wraps' that go on the sides of city buses wasn't the most glamorous job, but it was a good start for someone with a commercial art degree.

"So what's Uncle Albert got for me?" she asked.

"One of the big city ballet's is doing some shows at the old Loews Theater this winter. He thought you could have fun with that one. Abstract bodies. Fluid motion. Sorta like that erotic project that got you in trouble at school, but without the naughty parts."

"Cool," Kelsey said. "Should I start...?"

"No, the deadline's way off on that one," Bobby said. "Take your vacation. I know what it's like right after graduation. You need some time to relax."

Bobby got up from the kitchen table, carrying his dish and coffee mug to the sink. He stretched his torso, elbows up and out at his sides, his ribs showing above his flat stomach. The salt and pepper gray in his well-trimmed pubic hair was more noticeable than Kelsey remembered.

"You gonna call him Uncle Albert at work?" he asked, with a little smirk.

"No, I guess I shouldn't, right?" Kelsey said. He wasn't her uncle after all, just a dear family friend who she'd loved as a child and fucked occasionally as an adult.

"He loves it, Honey," Kay said to her daughter, "but I think it might be better to be more professional at the office. Save it for when he's with you on your new bed. It'll be extra special for him," she winked. Kay knew Albert well, all the little things that turned him on. Kay and Bobby had been swinging with Albert and his wife Trinny for over a decade, and they'd all known each other for longer than that.

"Yeah, you're right," Kelsey said as she got up from the table with her dishes. "I'll call him Albert, and I'll call you Bobby." She gave her father's bare ass a squeeze and had another of the many revelations young people have when their lives are kicking into gear — being an adult was going to be fun.

It was Monday so Bobby dressed and got ready for work. It was a casual office with a flexible time schedule. As long as either he or Albert was there to handle the phone they were free to come and go as they liked, as long as the work got done.

Kay had gardening to do. Late May was a busy time in a big, unruly perennial garden, so she slathered some sunblock on her naked body and sauntered out to the barn.

"Kelsey, can you give me a hand with something?" she yelled, her voice carrying back toward the stately but tired looking old house. 

Kelsey walked out the front door as naked as her mother, following her father down the big steps off the porch, admiring the way the khaki chinos fit his ass. He walked toward Kay. Kelsey assumed he was going to kiss her goodbye, but the two of them headed toward the big, sliding barn door. Bobby grabbed the handle and put his weight into, finally getting the creaky old thing to move. Morning sunlight flooded into the dusty, dark old barn as it opened, lighting up a flash of gleaming bright red.

"Happy graduation, Honey!" Kay said, almost squealing with delight.

"Oh my God!" Kelsey said. Her eyes were wide as the bright red Jeep Renegade came into view.

"They didn't have pink," Kay said. As a child Kelsey had a pink Barbie Jeep that she played with more than any other toy.

"Fffuuckk!" Kelsey said, in an almost dis-believing whisper.

The Jeep sat proudly on the worn wooden floor of the barn, its rugged black fenders, padded roll bars and tall off-road tires making it look like it was ready for anything.
