 "Holy shit! We should post videos instead of photos!" Koop said.

Richie chuckled. With the camera held up to his face his mouth was the only thing visible, but it was enough. Kelsey loved the boy's smile. She could judge how hot her pose was by watching it. When it was open and looked amazed, curled up happily at the corners, she knew she was right on the money. Richie's mouth was a good barometer of sexy.

"Jesus," Koop mumbled, mesmerized by how Kelsey's tits moved in the new bikini she had on.

"You like it? It's some kinda new stretchy microfiber stuff," she said. She grabbed a tit with her hand and wiggled it. "I kinda love it."

Richie loved it too, but he didn't really care what Kelsey wore. He was just happy to be the lucky bastard who got to take the pictures. After the first time Kelsey had posed for him he wasn't sure he'd be able to do it again. His mother thought the images were way too sexy for him to be taking. It wasn't just the in-person camera work that bothered her, it was the hours he spent working on them on his computer. But she had to admit, the finished product was good. Richie's father convinced her to let the boy keep at it. It was good experience, he said, which was true.

The second time Kelsey posed at Koop's, Richie's mom stayed and watched instead of just dropping him off. She felt awkward, though, when she realized Kelsey was kind-hearted and polite. Richie was self conscious and had trouble working, so the next time she just dropped him off and let him do his thing.

The new stretchy bikini marked the fourth time they had worked together, and they'd developed a nice rhythm.

"How 'bout this," Kelsey said, squatting next to a Jeep, leaning her back against the big off-road tire. She put her hands on her wide-apart knees and squeezed her tits between her upper arms.

"Nice!" Richie said. The corners of his mouth were curled up happily as he fired off a flurry of shutter clicks. 

"That oughta do it," Koop said. "Just the two trucks this time."

Richie hated it when Koop called it quits. He could shoot pictures of Kelsey all day long.

"Come on in when you're packed up, Richie," Koop said, when he walked away. "I've got some money for you."

"How much does he pay you?" Kelsey asked.

"It depends," Richie said. "He gave me two-hundred the first time, because there was lots of pictures. These last few times it was fifty."

Richie looked excited to be making that kind of money for something that was so much fun. Kelsey watched him load up his gear in his well organized camera bag.

"It must be gettin' close to your birthday, huh?" she asked. She felt a little tingle when she saw the look on Richie's face.

"Saturday," he said. He wondered if Kelsey remembered what she'd told him the first day they'd met.

Kelsey remembered. She'd been looking forward to the cute boy's eighteenth birthday. "Looks like we got some partyin' to do," she said. Her tingle grew into a full-body affair, complete with hardening nipples.

Richie didn't know how to respond, so he just smiled shyly as he closed up the compartments of his bag. 

"You free Saturday night, or do you have to do family stuff?" Kelsey asked.

"No, I'm free," he said enthusiastically. "My mom's doin' a daytime picnic thing."

"Well then, it looks like you've got a date Saturday night. Should I pick you up, or would that not be good?"

"No, I'll figure something out," Richie said. "Can I meet you somewhere?"

"Sure. You live over by Gambo's Pizza, right? Wanna meet me there?"

"Yeah!" Richie said.

"Your mom'll be mad if you're out late probably, right? How early can we start?"

"Six?" Richie said.

"Oh, cool! That'll give us lots of time. I want you alone first and then I'm gonna introduce you to some of my friends."

Richie's heart was pounding so hard he felt like it was going to burst. He wanted to say thank you, but his lungs were all locked up.

"Give me a hug and go get your money," Kelsey said. Richie embraced her awkwardly. It was the first physical touch between the two of them. Kelsey's soft, warm flesh made him dizzy. He wondered what Saturday would be like. It was over a month ago when Kelsey had told him her plans for his birthday. He'd thought about it so many times he wondered if he was remembering it correctly, or if his mind was just playing tricks on him. The way Richie remembered it, Kelsey promised to bring him to "a party" with her "girlfriends." Supposedly they were "crazy about nice young cocks." It all seemed way too good to be true, but everything about Kelsey seemed that way to Richie. He held the awkward embrace outside Koop's shop as long as he dared. Kelsey smiled at two things — the nice long length of the hug, and the nice lump she could feel swelling in Richie's pants.

"Go, Honey," she said when he finally let go. "I'll see you at six on Saturday."

—

"Mom, when you were my age did you ever help any younger boys lose their virginity?"

A little smile overtook Kay's face as she stood in the kitchen. "Sound's like you've got a good story to tell," she said. "I hope he's really eighteen, Honey. Young people don't always tell the truth about that when there's something good on the line."

"Yeah, I've checked it out. I'm not positive he's a virgin, but I get that feeling, you know?"

"Yes, I know," Kay said. Her eyes twinkled as she thought about inexperienced young boys. "To answer your question, yes, there's been quite a few over the years. Your father used to encourage me. He got turned on thinking about me with virgin boys."

"Really? That's so hot!" Kelsey said. "I love learning these things about you and Daddy. So, do I know any of these lucky boys?"

"Yes, you do," Kay said, looking coy. "But I don't like to kiss and tell. I guess Olivia wouldn't mind though. You remember her son Marcus, don't you?"

"Sure," Kelsey said.

"He got home a day early from a camping trip he was on, and he walked in on Larry and me and Olivia and your father. We'd all had a few drinks and were playing in their living room. We were going at it pretty good when he surprised us. Olivia thought he might have had an inkling previous to that, but what he saw kind of overwhelmed him. We didn't know if he was mad, or shocked, or both. We got dressed, of course. He went to his room."

"Wow. Intense, huh?" Kelsey said.

"Yes, none of us knew quite what to do. Of course Olivia went to talk to him, but he was upset. Larry tried, but that didn't go well either. I'd always had a special relationship with him. He's a sweet boy. Do you remember him well?"

"Sure, Mom. What was he, four years ahead of me in school? I thought he was cute, but I was too young for him."

"Anyway, Olivia and Larry asked me if I'd talk to him. He'd just turned eighteen and still didn't have a girlfriend. They were worried that finding us the way he did would confuse him even more about girls. Of course I said I'd try. When they sent me upstairs Olivia said something like, "See if you can draw him out of his shell. We just want him to be happy." I could tell what she really meant from the way she said it and the look in her eyes. I looked at Larry and he nodded at me. Your father winked at me. I felt like I was on a mission."

"Wow," Kelsey said, fascinated by the story.

"I straightened up the clothes I'd just put on," Kay said. "It was just a sexy little dress with no undies. Do you remember the little white one with the blue stripes? I think I still have it here somewhere." She thought about it for a moment and continued. "I remember my heart pounding when I went up the stairs. After seeing me with his father the way he did I didn't know if he'd even want to talk to me."

Kelsey wanted to ask what position they were all in when Marcus walked in on them, but didn't. 

"I called to him through his door when I knocked on it and he opened it right up. He had an odd look on his face that I couldn't read. I thought it was because he'd just seen me naked and sexy. Boys are funny that way. Don't forget that with your boy, Honey. Every little sexy thing is a big deal."

"Yeah, I can sorta tell that with Richie," Kelsey said.

"Oh, it's your photographer boy? Oh, how fun! He's probably super horny for you."

Kelsey smiled. "So, what about Marcus?" she said, trying to get her mother back on track.

"We talked for a little while. I told him how much his parents loved each other, and how people with loving marriages can enjoy sex as a recreation. He seemed to understand, or at least he pretended to. He asked about me and your father. I was honest with him, like I always am, you know? It was a lot for him to take in, at his age, but I could tell he was appreciative that I was talking to him like an adult. I made sure he knew his parents were comfortable with me telling him everything. It was exciting, really. I was thinking about you, and the day when we'd have a talk like that. The whole thing sort of carried me away. I'd had a few drinks that evening, too. Anyway, one thing led to another and Marcus and I were kissing. We were already siting on his bed, so I sort of fell back in slow motion, taking him with me. We didn't talk anymore. Well, we did after a while, because I taught him some things, but at the beginning it was all silent. Hot as hell, I'll tell ya! Larry'd really gotten me going downstairs, so I was primed and ready! I'm surprised we didn't break Marcus's little twin bed."

"Wow. That's so hot," Kelsey said.

"Your father told me later that they could hear everything pretty clearly. Marcus's room is right above the living room. He said Olivia went all kinds of wild on him and Larry. I could hear some of it, but I don't know if Marcus realized what was going on. He was pretty focused on me."

"I'll bet he was!" Kelsey said. "Did you ever get with him again?"

"A few times, Honey. But he got a girlfriend, and he never seemed to want to join in any of the swinger play. He lives down in Florida now, did you know that?"

"No. That's cool."

"So what are your plans with your photographer boy? Are you gonna let him take pictures of you?"

"Yeah, if he wants to. That might get him in trouble with his mom, though. I was just gonna take him out to a country spot I like, and then over to Brie's for a little party. Saturday's his birthday."

"So he'll be just barely eighteen? I'm jealous. You really do like them succulent, don't you?"

Kelsey giggled. "I hadn't really though about it. It's not like I'm out looking for virgins."

"There's worse pursuits. Just make sure you get two forms of I.D.," Kay laughed.

Kelsey laughed too. It was a crazy conversation to have with your mother.

—

Kelsey stopped by Brie's house after work on Wednesday. Brie and Charity were making tacos, so she stayed for supper. Never one to be clothed when others in the room weren't, Kelsey was taking off her work clothes when her bra and panties came into view.

"Shit, girl, that's pretty!" Brie said. "Are those new?"

"Yeah," Kelsey said as she stripped them off. "I need to dress sort of conservative at work in case clients come in, but I like to feel sexy so I bought some new undies."

"Nice," Brie said. She picked up the panties, felt the fabric and gave them a little sniff. "I love this lace. Really pretty. So, we got the word today. My dad flies home on Sunday. But he's only here for two weeks before he goes again, so..."

"Sunday?" Kelsey said. "I was hoping we could do a little party Saturday. I'll help you clean up after."

"That's cuttin' it kinda close," Brie said. "But, he doesn't get home 'till Sunday evening."

"You know my cute photographer at Koop's I've been telling you about?" Kelsey said. "Saturday's his birthday. I'm hopin' to make it super special for him."

"He's gonna be eighteen?" Brie asked, her eyes big and excited. "Oh my God, let's do it. What did you have in mind?"

"I can have him here at eight. His mom gets pissed if he's out after midnight, but that'll give us plenty of time for fun. I'm pickin' him up at six. He's all mine for two hours."

"What kind of party are you thinking about?"

"Me and you guys and Trina. Austin. Maybe Donny and Sarah. I want plenty of girls for him, but I'd like at least a couple guys so he can learn and get the full effect of it all."

"Yeah, that'd be good. When you met him you said you thought he was a virgin. Do you still think so?"

"I never talked to him about it, but yeah, I think so. We can teach him good."

"Yeah we can!" Brie said.

Charity was at the stove, listening intently as she stirred the taco filling. She wondered if there was a similar conversation about her when she first arrived, as virginal as virginal can be. She guessed there probably was.

"Charity, you wanna fuck a cute boy on his eighteenth birthday?" Kelsey asked.

"Sure," she said. Her smile looked innocent, but she was far from it.

"You haven't met Donny and Sarah yet, have you?"

"No," Charity said.

"You okay, Honey?" Kelsey asked. "You're pretty quiet today."

"She's been quiet ever since we found out Daddy's coming home," Brie said. "Our little love nest is being interrupted."

"He's nice, Charity," Kelsey said. "You'll like him."

Talking about Brie's father just made Charity more nervous. She'd become so sexual so quickly over the last few weeks, she didn't know if she'd be able to hide it. She had a feeling he was going to take one look at her and think she was a skanky slut. It terrified her almost as much as the thought of going home and facing her father for the first time since her sexual awakening. And then there was the nudity. She'd quickly grown to love the naturist lifestyle. She and Brie never wore clothes around the house anymore. All that would have to be put on hold when Brie's father showed up.

"We'll have fun at my house when he's around," Kelsey said.

Some of Charity's nervousness melted away when she thought about Bobby. She'd put him out of her mind pretty successfully, but the mention of Kelsey's house gave her a warm, fuzzy feeling.

—

Kelsey put on some clothes late Saturday afternoon, after spending the day helping her mom with some things around the house. Her outfit was carefully thought out — she wanted to look more like a girlfriend than a sex bomb, so she wore a lacy bra and panties under a sleeveless button-up shirt and some cute linen shorts. She experimented in front of the mirror with how many buttons to leave open on the shirt, settling on three. Enough for her lovely cleavage to peak through without being too in-your-face about it.

"Oh, I envy you, Honey," Kay said, before Kelsey left. "You're gonna have such fun."

Kelsey drove over to Gambo's Pizza, arriving just before six. The place was busy, as it always was on Saturday night. She didn't see any sign of Richie, so she parked and went inside. She scanned the noisy crowd and saw him, waving at her from a booth against the wall. He stood up like a gentleman when she walked over to him.

"Hi, Honey," she said, kissing him on the cheek. She noticed he had an almost full soda on the table. "Were you thinking of eating or something?"

"Yeah," he said. "I wanna buy you dinner."

Kelsey smiled. She hadn't expected that, but it was sweet, and Richie looked so cute and nervous.

They sat and ordered garlicky breadsticks and slices of pizza. Mountain Dew was the beverage of choice. As they talked Kelsey noticed Richie's occasional glances at two different tables in the busy restaurant.

"So, do you come here much?" she asked.

"Yeah, sometimes."

"Are any of your friends here?" she asked, with a knowing smile.

Richie blushed. Kelsey smiled brighter. The waitress brought their food. They talked as they ate, about high school, photography and art. When they were ready to leave Kelsey glanced at the tables Richie was keeping an eye on. Three boys his age sat at one, and a girl was at the other with her parents. Kelsey took Richie's arm when they walked out, so everyone would know they were on a date.

"How'd you get here?" she asked when they got outside.

"My mom dropped me off."

"So, you're with me then," she said. Her smiling eyes held the promise of beautiful mischief. "You ready?"

Richie wasn't able to answer. His lungs had locked up tight again, the way they sometimes did when he was in Kelsey's presence. He followed her to the Jeep, mesmerized by her wiggling ass, wishing he was more of a ladies' man in those situations.

Kelsey's plan was to take Richie to the old abandoned barn in the country, so she headed that way. They'd only have an hour there because of the unexpected dinner date, but she'd still have time to fuck him nice, just the two of them, before heading to Brie's.

"Was that your girlfriend in there?" Kelsey asked as she drove.

"No," Richie said.

"You like her?" Kelsey asked. Richie didn't answer, but he smiled a little. She wondered about the boys at the other table, but she didn't want to embarrass him with too many questions. There were more important things to ask about. "Richie, I like you. I feel like I can be really honest with you. Is that cool?"

"Sure!" Richie said, thrilled that Kelsey felt that way.

"I'm a porn girl, Richie. I'm on a website. I don't do it anymore, but I've done a lot of it."

Richie didn't know what to say, so he sat silently, looking at the girl he'd had so many dreams about. He could hardly believe what she was saying. Most of the porn girls he'd seen had fake tits, and they didn't have sweet, freckly, girl-next-door faces like Kelsey's. Apart from her almost otherworldly hot body, the whole thing didn't compute.

"Does that freak you out, or...what...?" Kelsey asked. She thought Richie looked okay with it, but she wasn't sure.

"No! I mean, it's okay," he said. "Like, real porn?"

"As real as it gets," Kelsey smiled. "I'll write it down for you so you can watch it all. I hope you like it."

A small smile on Richie's face quivered into a bigger one. A porn girl? I'm on a date with a porn girl?

"So now that I've told you something honest, can you tell me something?" Kelsey asked.

"Sure," Richie said.

"Have you had sex with a girl before?"

"Yeah. I mean...just a little."

"Fucking, or just oral?"

"Both, but just...not very much. It wasn't...very good," he said, hoping Kelsey didn't think he was bad at it.

"Was the girl nervous?"

"Yeah. It didn't really go too good." 

"We'll fix that," Kelsey said, her eyes shining brightly. "If you want to."

Richie's shy smile told her he did. She turned onto the country road that led to the old abandoned farm. Neither one spoke as the evening air tousled their hair and the sexual tension grew.

Richie was surprised when Kelsey slowed and turned onto the overgrown driveway leading to the tumbled-down barn. She smiled at him like a sexy little angel, following her own tracks through the tall grass to her favorite little hideaway.

Richie followed her lead and got out when they stopped. Barn swallows flitted overhead, flying toward the silence of the old farm field. Kelsey didn't want to waste any time. She took Richie's hand and kissed him, soft and sexy. 

"I can only be your fuck buddy, okay?" Kelsey said. "I've already got a boyfriend."

Richie's eyes widened. "You've got a boyfriend?"

"Yeah. You'll meet him later. Don't worry, it's cool," Kelsey said. She could tell Richie didn't know how to process the new information. "Really. It's cool. You'll see, later. Me and my friends...sex is sorta like our hobby."

Kelsey kissed the bewildered looking boy and felt for the lump in his shorts. "Wanna unbutton me?" she asked, thrusting her stunning tits toward him. 

Richie's smile looked nervous and his hands were sweating. He started at the bottom, slowly opening the summery little shirt. He'd taken pictures of Kelsey in just a bra before, but having his hands so close to her and feeling her heat was a whole new thing.
