 Kelsey woke early Monday morning. It was the first day of her new job, and she wanted to have plenty of time to get ready. She was looking forward to the new challenge, working with her father at his advertising company. Bobby's friend Albert was his partner at the small firm, but they had more work than they could handle and Kelsey's commercial art degree made her the perfect person to hire.

She and Sharron converged on the coffee maker at the same time, eager for their morning fix. Sharon filled it with water while Kelsey scooped in the aromatic ground beans.

"I love how easy you fit in around here," Kelsey said, admiring Sharron's nakidity. 

"It wasn't hard," Sharron said. "I've always been pretty good at going with the flow. I gotta admit, going without clothes is kind of awesome."

"I know, right?" Kelsey said.

She split a bagel and put it in the toaster. Sharron scooped some fresh cut fruit into a bowl. She tucked into it at the table while they waited for the coffee.

"I called Happy last night," Sharron said, smiling as she forked a piece of melon into her mouth.

Kelsey smiled. "Was it good," she asked, looking like she already knew.

"We talked for an hour and a half," Sharron said, smiling some more. "I'm not gonna get carried away, though. I'm still married, for another couple months or so, but it'll be nice to have a male friend."

"A friend with benefits," Kelsey said. "They're awesome."

"Yeah," Sharron said. "I didn't think I was young enough for that kind of thing, but it's kinda great."

"Nice," Kelsey said, nodding. "I knew you guys'd be good together."

Kay and Bobby wandered in just as the coffee was ready. For the first time, Sharron didn't even glance at the cock swaying between Bobby's legs. She'd gotten thoroughly used to it.

"Sharron's got a boy-frieeend," Kelsey teased, the way little girls do.

"I know, Honey, isn't it nice?" Kay said.

"What did I miss?" Bobby asked.

"Sharron, Honey. She's got a date with Happy," Kay said.

"Oh, great!" Bobby said. "I don't wanna be a downer or anything, but you might want to keep it private until the divorce goes through."

"Yeah, we already talked about that," Sharron said. "I'm going to his place."

"Perfect," Bobby said. "He seems like a great guy."

"What do you think about Koop and Barbara?" Kelsey asked. "Do you think he's her type?"

"Did you decide to be a matchmaker now, Honey?" Kay asked.

"No, it's just a thought," Kelsey said.

A few minutes later, Kelsey was at the counter refilling her mug. "Tell me about the hooks and stuff in the blue room," she said.

"What do you want to know, Honey?" Kay said.

"Was that for you guys, or other people?"

"Well, there was a couple who used to come around, way back before you were watching us. They got some of us to try a little bit of bondage. There was some interest, so your father and Albert installed the hangers and we bought a few things. That couple drifted away from us and we've all sort of lost interest I guess. Do you enjoy that kind of thing, Honey?"

"Not especially. I did that one tied-up scene at Tucker's, but that's it so far. I know somebody that might like it."

"Oh. Well, it's all there," Kay said. "The hooks are good and strong. We've got cuffs and leather lashings and some buckle-on strappy things. There's some whips and things too, and of course the big swing. I'd have to dig it all out."

"Have you used that stuff?" Kelsey asked.

"We did, back in those days. It's been years. I liked it some. You father liked it. I think a lot men like to tie up their women and fuck 'em silly."

Kelsey giggled. 

"It goes both ways," Bobby said. "There's women who like to be tied up, and there's men who like to be tied up."

Both he and Kay were curious about which of Kelsey's friends might be into all that, but they didn't ask. Kay didn't tell about the time she was hung by her wrists and ankles on the swing and gang-banged by six men and five women. It was one of her most cherished memories, but she wasn't sure if Kelsey and Sharron were ready to hear about it.

—

"Hi Barbara!" Kelsey said.

"Oh, hi Kelsey. Didn't Austin text you? His shift got changed. He's on 'till nine."

"Oh, shoot! Oh well. Tell him I stopped, will you?"

"Sure. How did your first day go? Would you like a glass of wine or something?" Sharron asked.

"Sure, that'd be awesome!"

Kelsey stepped into the living room of the small house, taking in some more details that she missed the previous time.

"So? How was it?"

"Oh! It was so good! Daddy and Uncle...I mean, Albert, were so nice. They got me started on a project, doing a digital painting of ballet dancers. It's gonna be so cool. For the side of a bus, you know?"

"That sounds fun!" Barbara said. She walked Kelsey into the kitchen, took two glasses from the cupboard and poured some wine. "I was never creative. I envy people with that gene."

Back in the living room, Kelsey went right to the bookshelf with the family pictures. She picked up the one she'd seen the other day of Austin, bare chested, with the fish in his hands.

"Austin told me about your vacations. I was always jealous of my friends who did that kind of thing. New Hampshire, was it?"

"Yes. Near Wolfeboro. We went for quite a few years."

"I think it's so cool that Austin lost his virginity there. It's like something somebody'd write in a fantasy."

Kelsey was well aware that Barbara might not be comfortable with the subject. She liked pushing the envelope, and thought it might be a good way to get Barbara to loosen up and talk about sex a little.

"He told you?" Barbara asked, sounding surprised.

"Yeah. Mrs...Leblanc, was it? What was she like?"

Barbara fumed inside when she heard the name, but she didn't want Kelsey to think she was prudish so she tried to act civil.

"She was...very nice. We were sort of best friends for those two weeks each year."

"Was she your age?"

"Yes." Barbara fumed again. She wasn't sure if she could keep up the act much longer.

"What was her husband like? Was he hot?"

A smile slowly overtook Barbara's face. She laughed. "You have a way about you, don't you," she said, her eyes twinkling at Kelsey's. "Yes. He was."

"Big cock?"

Barbara choked a little on her sip of wine. "Oh my God, you are just..." She smiled a little and looked deep into Kelsey's eyes. "Yes. Yes it was."

Kelsey smiled. She had a feeling fucking the guy would have been the best revenge if Barbara was super mad at Mrs. Leblanc.

"Austin said things got weird. It sucks that people can't just enjoy sex, you know?"

"Yes," Barbara said, knowing she should have felt that way about Austin back then. "I know."

Kelsey knew things were getting good, so she went to the kitchen and returned with the wine bottle, pouring a fresh splash in both glasses. Barbara smiled at the headstrong, perceptive, sweet young woman.

"So, just between us girls," Kelsey said, "do you wanna know what happened out on the boat that night?"

Kelsey smiled a sweet smile. Barbara's mind worked feverishly. Of course she wanted to know, but did she want anyone to know that she wanted to know? She made the mistake of looking at Kelsey's smile again.

"Did he tell you?" she asked.

"He told me the whole thing. It's a big deal for a boy, you know? I get the feeling it was, like, perfect. If I had a son it'd be just what I'd wish for him."

Barbara was fascinated, but Kelsey's words saddened her. She'd been furious all those years ago when the incident happened. She didn't let Austin know that, but he sensed it, and things certainly did get weird after that night. There had been many times when she questioned herself about how it all went down, but sitting there with Kelsey was the first time she'd realized she botched things thoroughly. Adeline Leblanc probably was the perfect person to take his virginity. It was safe. She was clean. She was loving. Barbara felt like standing up and kicking herself 'till she was black-and-blue.

"It's a super hot story," Kelsey said.

She proceeded to tell Barbara about the crotch rubbing, the blowjob, the instruction in pussy licking, the way Mrs. Leblanc rode Austin on the seat, and...

"So they ended up doing doggy-style on the floor of the boat," Kelsey said. "Can you imagine? She musta cum like crazy with that big cock of his."

Barbara looked stunned. Kelsey suddenly realized she'd gotten carried away. "Oh, fuck. Sorry. I shouldn't have...got so detailed."

"No, it's okay," Barbara said, fighting for composure. "I'm his mother. I know what he...looks like."

Barbara's head was spinning as she thought about it all. No one had ever talked to her about her son the way Kelsey was doing, painting vivid pictures of him fucking a sexy older woman, a woman the same age as her. Kelsey knew some good ground was being broken, but she didn't know where to go with it all.

"I just...think it's kinda awesome that he got such a good education from somebody nice like that," Kelsey said.

"Yes," Barbara said, trying her best to sound casual about it all. "It took all these years for me to realize it, but you're right, Kelsey. Thank you. I'm afraid I didn't handle it very well back then. I wanted Austin to be my little boy forever."

"Yeah, I can understand that," Kelsey said. 

"But I'm over that now," Barbara said, sounding proud of herself. "He's very much a man."

"Yeah he is," Kelsey said, with a tinge of sexy in her voice. "It's funny though, he never got over the older woman thing. He's always checkin' you guys out."

Barbara didn't know how to respond. Her mind was flooded with imagery — Austin's big hard cock; Austin's big hard cock in Adeline Leblanc's mouth; Austin's big hard cock in Kelsey's mother's ass; Austin's big hard cock in her very own hand.

Talking to Kelsey was unlike anything Barbara had experienced with her other adult friends. It reminded her of the purity of conversation back in her teen years, but even back then sex hadn't been so openly discussed. Barbara was liking it, even if it was dangerous territory.

"More wine?" she asked, as she pored her glass full.

"You might have to drive me home," Kelsey smiled.

"Will everyone be naked when we get there?"

"Yup," Kelsey said, her eyes twinkling.

Barbara didn't respond. She filled Kelsey's glass, nice and full.

"What do you think of it?" Kelsey asked. "I always wonder what people think."

"About what?"

"Us being naturist. Not wearing clothes."

"Oh," Barbara said. "Well, I'll be honest with you. Years ago, when I first heard that your family...did that...I thought it was crazy. Just flat out nuts. But...I...don't think that anymore. It's certainly different, but... I don't know, it's not crazy. It's just different. I envy you guys. After seeing your mother and Sharron in the garden...it just seems so freeing."

"Oh, it is," Kelsey said. "And it's easy. It just starts with tryin' it."

Barbara smiled. "Why do I have the feeling you're going to suggest I take off my clothes?" 

"It's easy," Kelsey said, putting her glass down. "Really." She unbuttoned the nice blouse she'd worn to work, slipped it off her arms and draped it over the arm of the couch. Barbara had seen her in a tiny bikini in the driveway, but the way her big tits looked in the lacy bra took her breath away. There was no more breath to take away when the bra came off. The most perfect hard nipples in the world held Barbara's gaze much too long.

"Your turn," Kelsey said.

Barbara smiled. Kelsey's magic was sweeping her way. She put her glass down and whisked the white v-neck t-shirt over her head, spilling her hair into a lovely mess. She reached behind herself, wondering at the last minute if she was crazy. She tossed her bra to the floor.

"Yeah!" Kelsey said. "That's it! Now move. Make 'em move a little." Kelsey demonstrated, shaking her big ones from side to side. 

Barbara smiled wide and shook hers too. "You're crazy!" she giggled. "This is crazy!"

"Sit here for...fifteen minutes, and then tell me if it's crazy," Kelsey said.

Fifteen minutes later they were laughing and chatting without a care in the world.

"See? It feels good to have your tits out, right?" Kelsey said. "Pants now."

"Kelsey, I can't," Barbara said.

"That's a horrible word, Barbara."

Kelsey stood and stripped of the cute little capri's she'd worn to work. She had a tiny thong on underneath. Kelsey added it to the pile.

Barbara sat looking at her son's girlfriend's cleanly shaved pussy. It was a stunning sight, for so many reasons. She couldn't believe things had escalated to that point so quickly. Kelsey's eyes egged her on. She didn't know why she did it, but she stood and unfastened her jeans. She took them off and looked at Kelsey. The motherly panties had to go. She swept them off quickly. It was the only way.

"You've got a wicked body," Kelsey said. "I can trim you up if you want."

Barbara looked down at her thick, natural pubes. "Should I?" she asked.

"It's up to you," Kelsey said. "That's not really the fashion these days."

"Yeah, I... kind of knew that."

Barbara was wondering if she should shut the whole thing down. It was insane after all, relaxing in the living room with her son's girlfriend, both of them completely naked. But for some reason the answer was no. She didn't want to shut it down. She wanted to be naked, drinking wine with another naked person. It was exciting. It made her feel more alive than she'd felt in years. 

"Maybe later," she said, glancing down at her bushy pubes again. "How do you do it?"

"The first time it's best if a friend does it," Kelsey said. "Let me."

Kelsey got up out of her chair. Barbara stood up too. She didn't know why. Kelsey took her hand. It was an odd, floaty feeling for Barbara, like she wasn't in control. The next thing she knew they were in her bathroom.

"Have you got some scissors? And some soap and a razor?"

Barbara gathered what Kelsey needed. It all seemed strangely dreamlike. The next thing she knew she was sitting on a towel on the closed toilet seat and Kelsey was carefully snipping off bits of hair just millimeters from her clit.

"Have you done this before?" Barbara asked.

"Oh yeah, lot's of times," Kelsey said.

The young redhead brushed away the clippings. She wet her hand at the sink, spread the moisture on what was left of Barbara's bush, and rubbed a bar of soap on it. Barbara couldn't quite believe what was happening. Kelsey picked up the razor and started to shave her.

"Maybe we shouldn't be doing this," she said.

"Too late. Already started," Kelsey said, concentrating on her delicate work.

By the time she'd finished, Barbara was in an altered state, half confused and half aroused.

"Do you have some oil?" Kelsey asked. "Like baby oil or something?"

Barbara told her where to find it, in a closet just outside the door. She was still sitting, legs spread and feeling like she was dreaming, when Kelsey came back.

The oily massage did nothing to take her out of the dream. It was the first gentle, caressing touch she'd felt on her pussy in way too long.

"Ohhh..." Barbara moaned. "We shouldn't..."

Kelsey knew better than to stop. She knew how much Barbara needed human touch. The big, black, robotic dildo she'd seen stuffed in Barbara's pussy looked like fun to Kelsey, but she knew from plenty of experience that even the best of those tools paled in comparison to warm human flesh.

Barbara didn't want to stop either. She'd only said the words because they're what a boyfriend's mother would be expected to say in that kind of situation. But Barbara had seen enough of Kelsey's porn to know the girl was as talented and enthusiastic with women as she was with men. Barbara had never felt a woman's sexual touch before. She wanted to try.

"You're pussy's pretty," Kelsey said, gently massaging all the soft, freshly shaved skin. "Have you ever seen it like this before?"

"No," Barbara said. She looked at it, in all it's wavy-lipped, oily, glistening glory. Her mind flashed back to her youth, when she'd first fingered herself, before all the hair had started to grow. "It looks...young."

"It's nice, right?" Kelsey said. "Feel it. It's super nice."

Barbara smiled. Her hand joined Kelsey's, tentatively touching the slippery flesh.

"Nice, right?" Kelsey said.

Barbara could only smile. It felt so amazing she could hardly believe it.

"You've got one of the prettiest smiles..." Kelsey said. Her fingers nudged Barbara's aside, slipping between the slick pussy lips. The two women's eyes were locked on each others. A quick exhale of warm breath left Barbara's open mouth when she felt a gently moving fingertip on her clit. It was an expert's touch, right on the money, perfectly timed, with a delicate pressure that teased as well as satisfied. Another breath left Barbara's mouth, stuttery, through an amazed smile.

"Are you going to tell Austin about this," she asked. Her voice was breathy as she slipped deeper under Kelsey's magical spell.

"I can't really keep secrets from him," Kelsey said. "He'll love it, though."

"What makes you think that. Maybe it would bother him."

"All boys have things for their mothers."

"How do you know these things? You're just guessing..."

"A girl can tell," Kelsey said. "Austin makes it pretty clear. He'd think this was super hot." 

Kelsey's hand rotated. Two fingers slipped deep inside Barbara, curling against the front wall of her vagina. Kelsey's thumb took over on the clit. A series of gasping moans floated out of the older woman. Kelsey had her. She was putty in the redhead's small hand.

"You're super wet," Kelsey said, her voice soft and sexy. Her pale blue eyes had Barbara's locked in a hypnotic gaze. "I wanna lick you. I wanna make you cum."

Barbra didn't answer. Kelsey took it as a yes and knelt on the little rug Barbara kept in front of the toilet. Barbara gasped again when Kelsey's soft lips gave her pussy a wet kiss. There was no turning back. She took hold of Kelsey's head, short red hair splaying out between all her fingers, holding the girl's mouth tight against her bare, quivering pussy.

"God that feels so good!" she sighed.

"That's because all that mom hair's gone," Kelsey smiled, her lips glistening with Barbara's wetness. "It's all just woman now."

Kelsey opened her mouth and engulfed the brand new pussy, licking all around it and up through the slippery slit. It didn't take long for Barbara to reach an orgasmic state, but before she totally lost her mind she pushed Kelsey away.

"No!" Kelsey pleaded. "I want you to cum, Barbara!"

Barbara took Kelsey's hand and led her to her bed. Kelsey pulled her on top of her, into a steamy sixty-nine. Barbara had orgasm after orgasm, their bodies rolling after each one, from the top, to the bottom, and back to the top again.

A shiny chrome vibrator was brought out of it's resting place in the drawer. Kelsey wanted to ask about the huge mechanical dildo but thought better of it, not wanting to spoil the moment with an explanation of how she knew about it.

When the orgasmic flurry was over, Barbara snuggled on Kelsey's breast. Kelsey looked up at the heavy hooks on the ceiling.

"My parents have some of those hooks, in one of the party rooms. Do you like the dominant part, or the other?"

Barbara didn't know if she should answer, but there seemed to be no secrets around Kelsey.

"The other," she said quietly. She suddenly realized Austin might find out that the hooks weren't there for exercise.

"That's cool," Kelsey said softly. "My mom said all their stuff's pretty dusty, but maybe we can try it out, if you want to. Are you gonna start coming to our parties?"

"I don't know. Austin might not want me too," Barbara said. "I mean, I shouldn't, if he's going to be there. I shouldn't even want him to be there. The whole thing's crazy." She thought for a moment about who's bosom her head was cradled on. "He might never talk to me again, after this."
