 Sunday dawned gray-green. A thin fog enveloped Kelsey's town. Sunrise looked like a blurry, faded picture, but the sun was winning out, clearing away the mist.

"Morning, Sweetheart," Barbara said. She held her coffee mug up to her mouth, hiding behind it as much as she could. "Did you sleep okay?"

"Yeah, I guess," Austin said. He was shirtless and barefoot, wearing the baggy sweatpants he'd slept in. Barbara was naked under her robe.

"Your friends really know how to throw a party," she said.

"Yeah. You...liked it?"

"Mmm hmm." Barbara didn't want to gush about how wonderful it was just yet. "Thanks for letting me. I mean, I know it was difficult for you, having your old mother there."

"No, it was...okay," Austin said.

"Sorry I monopolized Kelsey," Barbra said. "She seemed to want to...sort of be my guide, I guess."

"She likes doin' that," Austin said.

"How can somebody that sweet be that wild?" Barbara asked.

"I don't know," he said, smiling a little. Barbara was glad to see it.

"Did it bother you to see me...tied up like that?"

"No. I sorta...already knew. The hooks in your bedroom. I've seen some stuff."

"My stuff?" Barbara asked, surprised.

"Yeah. So when did you, like, start getting into that?"

Barbara thought about it for a moment, and let the story flow. It felt good to talk, uninterrupted, without the awkwardness of discussing the party at Kelsey's. "My best friend when I was growing up, a girl named Josie, she tied me up the first time. I think it was the first time, I don't remember it happening before that. I did it to her, too. It wasn't sexual or anything, we were fully dressed. We were just kids, maybe eight, or nine. I remember being more excited than frightened. There was an old barn out behind our house. We were in the suburbs, but it was like an old leftover that nobody ever tore down because it was a good building. Us kids weren't supposed to go in it without an adult, but we did of course."

Barbara took a slow sip of her coffee and continued. "There were big posts inside, holding up a loft. They were old gray wood, like tree trunks, but kind of smooth, maybe from the farm animals rubbing against them in the old days. There was lots of old rope in there too, hanging in nice loops on the wall. It was real rough, almost prickly. I can still almost feel it against my skin. I remember giggling with Josie when she tied me around the waist to a post the first time. She did my ankles, too, and then my wrists, up above my head. She left me there while she played, pretending she was an old farm woman and I was an Indian girl that she'd caught. It became our game. It was the privacy of the old barn that made everything different. Nobody knew we were in there. It went on for years, right though middle school. It was like our escape from the world.

"One day she pretended she was the cowboy. There were a lot of old western movies on television in those days. So I was tied to the post, like I always seemed to be, and she kissed me. I was surprised, but she said it was what the cowboy would do in a story like that. I'd never been kissed by a boy. Josie hadn't either. It was like we were practicing on each other, although we never spoke of it like that. We never spoke of it at all. I can remember it like it was yesterday, the feeling of being kissed when I was tied up tight and couldn't move.

"We sort of knew tongues were supposed to be part of kissing boys, because we'd talked about it. So that was part of our practice too. I remember the first time it got sort of intense, because we both moaned. It was like a turning point. We were both developing at that point. You know, not girls anymore. We both kissed boys right around then. The barn became a place to smoke pot and fool around with our boyfriends."

"Mom! You smoked weed?" Austin asked, his eyes big with surprise.

"Yeah, too much. Your father was a big pothead."

"Mom!"

"Oh, don't act so surprised! We were young and trying things, just like you and your friends did."

"Did dad ever...tie you up?"

"Yeah. That's the thing. I was in the barn with him, alone one day. I didn't tell you how nice it was inside, when the light came in. There were cracks in the walls and the sunlight came in through them. Just like in the movies, you know? Like skinny beams of light that made stripes on the dirt floor."

"And?...Dad?"

"Oh. Yeah. I showed him the rope, and told him about the games I used to play with Josie. "You let her kiss you?" he said. I could tell it excited him. He wanted me to show him. I backed up against the post and put my arms up above my head. I remember how exciting it was when I felt that prickly rope go around my wrists. The look in his eyes was...it was the most amazing feeling I'd ever had. He did my ankles and then he kissed me. His hands were all over me. He pulled my pants down and...well, we hadn't gone all the way yet. He started with his mouth..."

"Fffuuck!" Austin said quietly.

"I don't know how much you want to hear," Barbara said. "It feels odd telling you this."

"Yeah, that's okay," Austin said. The story had swept him away, but it suddenly got very real when his father was about to make his mother cum. "So, it went on after that? He used to tie you up and stuff?"

"And stuff. Yeah," Barbara said.

"Did he ever hurt you? You don't like that, do you?"

"I like...a little. Just spanking I guess. And, well...I don't mind it when the rest gets...kind of rough."

"Shit!" Austin said. Some of the noises he'd heard the night before on Kelsey's porch were starting to make sense.

"I'm surprised you never heard us, when you were little," Barbara said.

"Yeah. No, I don't think I ever did. I mean I was pretty young when Dad left. Did that have anything to do with..."

"No. He just got stupid and decided to fuck anything that moved," Barbara said, her voice tinged with bitterness. "Maybe it's my turn."

Austin didn't know what to say. His mind flashed back to the night before, seeing her hanging from the medieval looking sex swing with a cock in both ends of her.

"So," he said, "was last night...all right?"

"Oh. Yeah," she said, choosing her words carefully. "It was better than all right."

The look on her face was beautiful — a content, lovely smile, with tinges of lusty mischief. Austin couldn't help but smile a little, too.

"How did we get here?" he said, shaking his head a little.

"You fell for a crazy little porn star," Barbara said, smiling wider as she thought about Kelsey fucking her with the huge double-ended strap-on. After a slow sip of coffee she asked the big question.

"Was last night all right...for you?"

"Yeah," Austin said. "I mean I...I wasn't gonna go, and I sorta freaked a little when I got there, but yeah, it...ended up all right. I want you to be happy. It's kind of cool really, that we can...share all that."

"You're not just saying that for my sake, are you?"

"No," Austin said. "It's cool. I'm gettin' used to it. You're like the coolest mom in town now."

Barbara smiled. "I think that honor goes to Kay, don't you think?"

Austin smiled.

"She told me," Barbara said, "how you were upset, on the porch. And how she and Trinny stayed with you. I hope you don't mind. She doesn't like there to be any secrets between anybody."

"Oh. Yeah. That's...good I guess."

"She said you could hear me. I could hear you, too."

A flush of heat blasted through Austin's bloodstream. His face blushed pink.

"Pretty impressive, taking care of two experienced women," Barbara said, smirking a little as she sipped her coffee.

"Mom!"

"What! We're either going to be open and talk about things, or we're not. Kay taught me that. That's what makes it all work."

"Yeah, okay, but maybe not all in one day," Austin said, sounding a bit overwhelmed. "I'm not askin' about Tyler, am I?"

"Tyler was with me. This is what I'm talking about, Sweetheart. If we don't talk openly about things like Tyler, it all going to get really messy really fast. Tyler was with me, and I liked it. A lot. He did too."

"Were you...tied?"

"Yes."

Austin didn't say anything. Barbara wasn't sure how to read his look.

"Some of your friends have pretty mothers. I'm sure you've thought about them, and they've thought about you."

"I know mom. I get it. I'll...get used to it," Austin said. "So, you're like, single. Does that mean you're gonna be inviting him over and stuff?"

"I don't know. I hadn't really thought about that."

"Just...warn me if you do, all right?"

"All right," Barbara said. A small smile brightened her face. The conversation had covered a lot of good ground, and she felt much better about things. "Want to go to church with me?"

"Church! Are you kidding!"

"No, I feel like it this morning. Life feels good. I want to be with people."

"Oh. No, Mom, I think I'll go see Kelsey."

"Okay. Tell everyone I said thank you for last night. It really was sweet of them to let me into their circle."

Austin was starting to realize life had changed. His mom was part of the "circle," as she put it. There would be more to get used to. More to see. His friends might even be coming to the house to fuck her. Just like his mother had done the night before, he thought back to when he and Tyler were little boys sitting at the kitchen table eating peanut butter and jelly sandwiches. The way life had twisted since Kelsey came on the scene was almost too much to comprehend.

—

"Morning, Honey." 

"Morning," Kelsey said.

Bobby and Kay were at the kitchen table, naked as usual, sipping coffee and eating bagels. Liquor bottles and empty glasses littered the counter tops. 

"You forgot to spank me, Daddy," Kelsey said as she poured her coffee.

"What's this?" Kay asked.

"Daddy and Uncle Albert were supposed to spank me. It's how we were gonna get the party going."

"When did you all decide this?" Kay asked.

"At work," Kelsey said.

Kay smiled at her husband. "You sit around the office talking about spanking pretty girls?" 

"Technically, it was at lunch," Bobby smirked.

"Technically, you're the horniest man alive," Kay said.

"That's why you love him, Mom," Kelsey said.

"You got that right," Kay smiled. "So, Honey, do you like being spanked? Does Austin like that kind of thing?"

"I don't really know, Mom. Some of the guys slapped my ass at Tucker's. I always liked that. I was thinking a real over-the-knee thing might be fun at a party, with everyone watching. You know, like a daddy/daughter thing."

"Yes, that would be fun," Kay said. "The blue room was certainly a big hit, wasn't it? That Barbara is just marvelous. I wish I could have been up there, but Austin was in need."

"Thanks, Mom, that was sweet of you and Aunt Trinny to stay with him. I loved hearin' you guys down there. You came wicked a couple times — did you get into the anal again?"

"Yes, we both did. Austin feels so good in there. I'm afraid you're Aunt Trinny might be in love with him."

"Speaking of which," Bobby said, "What have I told you about fucking on the porch? You really shouldn't have a twenty-two-year-old cock in your ass when the local politician comes around to shake hands."

"I know, Honey. But Austin didn't seem to want to be in the house. It was difficult for him. It worked out nicely, though. The blue room window was right above us, so he was able to get used to things with his mother. Sort of separate, but together. It really was kind of wonderful listening to her.

"Well, good," Bobby said. "Just be careful out front, okay?"

"Okay, Honey. Did the old bondage swing hold together? I was worried some of the old leather might be cracked and brittle."

"No, it was good," Bobby said. "You're right though, maybe we should oil it up a little. I'd forgotten how much fun it can be. Barbara loved it. She didn't want to get out."

"She said it was the best thing ever," Kelsey said. "We all got to give her lots of attention. She's makin' up for lost time, she said."

"Good," Kay said. "I'm happy for her. I hope she and Austin are okay this morning. It was nice seeing them leave together."

"I was kinda naughty having Tyler here, but it was super good," Kelsey said. "It's kinda like you and Raymond, Mom."

"I could tell it was a big moment, when she saw him," Kay said. "You are naughty. As if she didn't have enough going on last night."

"I know. I was pushin' it. But it worked out super good, though. I wish you coulda seen how hard she came her fist time with him."

"It was big," Bobby said. "I didn't realize why until now."

"That's part of why Austin was freaked, though," Kelsey said. "I shoulda told him."

"Yes, Honey, you should have," Kay said. "Couples have to have complete trust in each other for this to work."

"I know, Mom," Kelsey said.

"So, what kind of stuff did you do with the swing?" Kay asked Bobby.

"Oh, nothin' too fancy," he said. "Albert and I sort of forgot how to do some of the tricky stuff. How'd we have her, Kelsey? Legs and arms up, on her back. Doggie with her ankles wide and her wrists tied behind her. She really loved that. She's really into the tied-up stuff."

"We hung her upside-down from her knees," Kelsey said. "That was wicked cool. It was like a project, with everybody helping to get her set-up. Her arms were still tied behind her, so we ran a leather strap around her waist to hold 'em. Tyler ate her out forever like that while she sucked his cock. I wanna try that. It's like a whole new kind of sixty-nine."

"Yeah, I gotta admit, that was pretty nice," Bobby said. "She tasted sloppy sweet by that point."

"Did you eat some cum out of her pussy, Honey?" Kay asked. "I love it when you do that."

"Yeah," he said. "She was oozy."

"Sharron's a sleepyhead today," Kelsey said.

"Oh, she's not here, Honey," Kay said. "She went home with Happy last night."

"Oh, cool," Kelsey said. "I love that they hooked up."

"You may be right about Koop and Barbara, too," Kay said. "I saw a little spark there."

"Yeah, I thought maybe," Kelsey said. "That'd be nice."

"Our little matchmaker," Kay smiled. "You've got a way with it, Honey."

—

"Oh. Sorry, Brian," Charity said. She stopped in her tracks in the hallway at Brie's house, nearly face to face with Brie's father. She was glad she was wearing panties, but not so glad that was all she had on. She was exhausted and fuzzy from too much to drink at the party and very little sleep. Brian's eyes were blurry too, but clear enough to see the hard nipples he'd been daydreaming about.

"Morning, Charity," he said, trying to act casual. "You guys got in late last night. Did you have fun?"

"Yeah," Charity said. "Sorry, I should get dressed."

She ducked into her room, heart pounding. Brian was heading for the kitchen to get a cup of coffee, bare-chested, wearing sweatpants that were a little too small on him. Charity couldn't help but notice his manly lump, which seemed to grow almost instantly in her presence, like a switch had been thrown. Is he into me, she wondered? No, he wouldn't be. That's just the way any guy would react. God, he's sexy though! Fuck, Brie's gonna be mad that he saw me topless!

She threw on a t-shirt and headed toward the kitchen. She'd been in the kitchen with him before with a braless t-shirt and panties, so it seemed like an okay thing to do again. She was eager to look over his bare chest again, before he disappeared back into his room to get dressed.

"Sorry. I didn't know you were up," she said, apologizing for the topless display in the hall.

"Oh, that's fine. No formalities around here," he said. He was fascinated by the hard nipples still making themselves known under her little t-shirt. Do they ever soften, he wondered? Best not to stare, he kept telling himself. Brie might get mad.

"So what did you guys get up to last night?" Brian asked. "Out at the bars?"

"Oh. No, just...out," Charity said as she poured herself a mug of coffee. "Over to Kelsey's for a while. A few friends came over."

"There used to be rumors around about her parents," Brian said. "Wild sex parties and naked rompings. I doubt if any of it was true. It all seemed to fade away years ago."

"People talk about stuff like that?" Charity asked. She hid behind her mug, sipping slowly.

"Small towns are brutal with that kind of gossip. I'm not one to judge though. Not when it comes to sex."

"No? Are you open minded?" Charity asked.

"I like to think so, but it's hard to judge yourself. How about you? I know you're religious. Does that effect how you...think about things?"

"Sex, you mean? It used to, a huge amount. I was...a virgin when I got here." Charity swallowed hard. It was probably a crazy thing to tell Brie's dad, but the nice adult conversation, and her fuzzy brain, let it out into the world.

"Wow," Brian said, picturing the wild, naked orgasm she was in the middle of when he'd first laid eyes on her. He chose his words carefully. "So you've...come a long way."

Charity didn't answer. She was both proud and ashamed of just how far she had come from her deeply Christian, virginal beginnings. The pride won out most of the time. It was 2016 after all. Women in their twenties were supposed to enjoy sex. 

Brie walked into the silence, startling Charity just as she was stealing glimpses of Brian's nice chest muscles.

"Mornin' you two," Brie said.

"There's my beautiful daughter," Brian said. "Did you get some rest after your late night?"

"Yup," she said, pausing to kiss him on the cheek as she headed for the coffee.

"Charity tells me you were at Kelsey's. How are her mom and dad these days?"

"Oh. Yeah, they're good," she said, glaring at Charity. "How was your evening?"

"Oh, just work," Brian said. "I didn't tell you, I leave for Berlin next weekend. I've only got a week to get up on things."

"Daddy! You'll miss my first day teaching!"

"Sorry, Sweetheart. You know how it is."

"Fuck, Daddy," she said, showing her disappointment. "I'm sorry to use that word, but that's just a big fuck."

Charity chuckled with her mouth closed, trying to hide her amusement.

Brie took her coffee outside, to a chair next to the pool. Charity didn't know whether to stay in the kitchen or go with her. She decided to stay.

"Do you meet lots of women when you travel?" she asked, her voice a little quieter so Brie wouldn't hear.

Brian smiled. "A few. Berlin's...interesting."

Charity looked fascinated. "You've been there?"

"Yeah. Quite a bit. There's a big sex trade, but I try and avoid the professionals."

"You pick women up in bars?"

"Now and then."

"Do they wear leather? I'm picturing them wearing leather."

Brian chuckled. "Some, yeah. They're way more into lingerie. European women in general seem to be. They take pride in being sexy. You'd fit right in."

Charity smiled. Her nipples hardened again, even more than their normal pointy state.

"That's what I mean," Brian said, letting his gaze drift unashamedly down to them. "European girls are proud of them, too. They wear bras less and...just don't seem to worry about it. It seems that way to me anyway."

Charity was blushing, and her altered breathing drew even more attention to her horny chest. She was disappointed Brian was sitting at the table with her, because she couldn't see the lump she knew was growing in his sweatpants.

"More coffee?" she asked.

"Sure. Thanks."

She got up and brought the pot to him, positioning herself so she could get a look at his lap. There was definitely a nice long lump, but it was camouflaged by the thick fabric. She realized too late that her odorific body was within smelling distance of Brian's curious nose.

"Sorry, I stink, don't I."

"Do you work out in the morning? Is that how you keep that perfect shape?"
