 It was January 3rd and I was still on vacation from work. My boss had told me I had to take some vacation time or I’d lose it. Since the divorce, the only thing that I could get interested in was going to the job site every day. But he insisted I take the time I had coming, so here I was driving home after seeing a movie, by myself, in the middle of the day.

While heading down the back roads I saw a car in the distance, half in a ditch. As I got closer I could see a woman standing next to the driver’s side door looking down at the front wheels. I pulled past the car, parked my truck on the shoulder and walked back to see if I could help. Approaching the car, I could see someone else was still sitting in it.

“Can I help?” I asked.

The woman turned and looked at me. She was tall, probably five-nine or five-ten, had longish blonde hair, and was quite striking. She looked to be about thirty to thirty five years old and was dressed in jeans and a pea coat.

“Well,” she said, “I’m not sure if I’ll be able to get it out of here without a tow truck.”

“Let me take a look,” I said. As I started around the front of the car the passenger door opened and another woman got out. She was much shorter than her friend and at first glance seemed to be a quite chubby. However, I could soon see that she wasn’t really fat, she was pregnant. She had red hair and a very pretty face.

“We slid on the ice,” the passenger said, “and missed the driveway. This is our house.”

I saw that the right front tire had slipped off the pavement and was wedged into the culvert running under the end of the driveway. It looked to me like the only way to get that car out of the ditch and back up on the asphalt would be to pull it forward.


“I think I can probably pull it out with my pickup,” I told them. “It’s got four-wheel drive. But I don’t have any tow straps.”

The taller woman said, “There’s a heavy rope in the garage, but I don’t know if it’s long enough.”

The pregnant one turned and started walking up to the house. “You two work it out,” she said, “I’m getting cold.”

“I’m Sheri,” said the other girl, “and that’s Cathy.”

“I’m Paul,” I replied, “How’s it goin’?”

We started walking toward the garage to take a look at the rope. Sheri kept up a running commentary. She was either nervous or just incredibly talkative.

“I’ve never even come close to missing the driveway before,” she said, “and I’ve lived here for most of my life. This was my family’s house when I was growing up. I was the youngest of four kids and the last to leave. I was living in the city for about ten years before I moved back. After my father died last year, my mom decided the old place was just too big for her to handle. She called all of us on the phone and said she was going to sell and did any of us want it. No one except me was interested in moving back in. So I asked her if she wanted to trade for it, and she did. Now, she’s living in my condo in the city and I’m back here.”

I found the rope on the work bench and it looked plenty long enough and maybe heavy enough. I told her to coil it up and bring it with her while I went to pull my truck into the drive.

After positioning my pickup where I needed it, I got out and started back toward the sedan. Taking the rope from Sheri, I proceeded to get down into the ditch so I could tie off to the undercarriage, getting pretty muddy and wet in the process.

Sheri kept right on talking. I was now sure that she was nervous from having driven off into the ditch. She went on, “Then about four months ago, Cathy called me and said she was pregnant but her boyfriend was bailing on her. Well, we’d been best friends and roommates in college, and she sure needed my support. So I invited her to live here with me. And it’s been great having her here. I’m not so lonely anymore and I kind of like the idea that I’m taking care of her and the baby, too, whenever it comes.”

By this time, I had the rope fastened to the car and was climbing out to loop it around the tow hitch on my truck. I told her to get in the car, put it in neutral and keep the wheels as straight as she could. I got in the cab and pulled up until the rope was taut and then gave it a little more gas. I don’t know if it was luck or what, but the car came out just as nice as you please.

When I stopped the truck and got out Sheri was already out of the car and coming toward me with a great big smile on her face.

“That was great!” she said, “I don’t know how to thank you.”

“That’s okay,” I said, “I didn’t really do that much.”

“But you’re soaked,” she said. “At least let me help you get cleaned up.”

“Well, I guess I could use a towel,” I said, looking down at my sopping wet jeans.

“Come in the house and we’ll see what we can do,” she said.

We went in the house and I had just sat down to take my wet tennis shoes off when we heard Cathy coming down the hallway.

“Sheri, is that you? Did you get the car out of the ditch?” Cathy said.

As she came into the kitchen, several things became obvious. First, she must have just taken a quick shower because she had a towel draped over her head and was drying her hair. Second, she surely thought that Sheri had come in alone because she was stark naked. And third, she had the biggest tits I’ve ever seen in person.

When she heard Sheri gasp in surprise, she took the towel away from her head so she could see. That’s when she spotted me sitting at the table. She gave a little yelp and turned around to run back down the hall. The only problem was, she had misjudged where she was. She crashed into the fridge, bounced back and wound up falling on her ass on the tile floor. Sheri and I both rushed to her to see if she’d been hurt. I got to her first and reached down to help her up. I almost reached under her arms to help her to her feet but I had second thoughts about that. I didn’t want to creep her out by “accidentally” grabbing her huge knockers. So I gripped her by her elbows, held them close to her body and lifted her to her feet. I wasn’t sure if she’d be able to stand, so I moved my hands to her waist to steady her. She rocked forward and back once or twice and then stayed back and leaned into me. After a moment or two, she turned her head back to look up at me.

“Are you alright?” I asked.

“Yeah, I think so. Thanks,” she said, “I guess that was pretty stupid, huh?”

“Not at all,” I answered. “Hey, you were pretty startled, there for a second.”

“Yeah, well . . . ” She let her voice trail off and continued to look up at me as I stood behind her. I still had my hands on her hips as I gazed into her dark, green eyes.

I have no idea what possessed me to do it, but I bent my head down and touched my lips lightly to hers. Her eyes closed, along with mine, as I kissed her, ever so gently. It was over in a heartbeat, but she kept her eyes closed for a few moments. She moved her hands to mine where they rested at her waist. As she stretched up for another kiss, she moved my hands up the front of her body to her breasts. I again bent down to kiss her, this time deeply and open-mouthed. I held her amazing boobs in my hands and hefted their weight. Her nipples hardened under my palms.

“Oh, my god!” breathed Sheri as she watched her naked roommate wiggle her ass into my legs.

Cathy turned in my arms so as to face me. Her distended belly pressed against my crotch and, since I had developed a rather sizable erection, I’m sure she could feel my cock against her tummy. It didn’t seem to bother her as she rested her head against my chest. I held her as her arms circled around me. Glancing over her head, I spied Sheri stepping slowly toward us across the kitchen floor. She stopped just behind Cathy and just stood there for a moment. Then, much to my amazement, she wrapped her arms around the naked form of her housemate. The three of us stood there for what seemed like a long time, but could only have been less than a minute.

“I want to lie down,” said Cathy in a very small voice.

I looked at Sheri who was looking back at me. “My room is the first one on the right down the hall,” she said.

I had, by then, been surprised so many times, one more didn’t make much of a difference. I had only met these women about an hour before and it looked like I was about to go to bed with both of them. Things like this just didn’t happen to me!

We broke our three-way embrace and slowly walked down the hall. Cathy turned into the doorway on the left, which I saw was the bathroom. She shot an embarrassed glance at us both as she closed the door. I understood immediately. She was pregnant and probably had to use the bathroom pretty frequently.

Sheri and I went into her room. It was quite a large room for an old farmhouse. She had what seemed to be a queen-sized bed. She stood for a moment near the head of the bed as she pondered what to do next. Then, coming to a decision and she started turning the covers down. I went to the other side of the bed and helped her remove the spread and turn down the comforter and sheets.

Sheri sat down on the bed and kicked off her shoes. When she slipped out of her socks, I saw her feet were still red from the cold. I sat down beside her and patted my leg with my hand. She swung her legs up and rested her feet in my lap. I started gently rubbing her feet to warm them. I even bent down and blew on them the way you blow on your hands when they’re cold.

“Oh, God,” she sighed, “that feels wonderful.” After a few moments, she leaned back down on the bed, her eyes closed. When I could feel that her feet were warmer, I moved them off my lap and lay down beside her. She turned her head to face me, opened her eyes and gazed into mine. It seemed like the right time, so I kissed her. She practically melted into me. I had just kissed Cathy and now I was doing the same to Sheri. The whole thing was like a dream.

We were kissing and holding each other when Cathy appeared in the doorway. She was still completely naked.

“Hey, you two better wait for me,” she said, grinning. With that she scampered to the bed and climbed in next to Sheri.

“I don’t think that I want to be the only one here with no clothes on,” said Cathy. She reached out and started to unbutton Sheri’s flannel shirt. Soon the shirt came off revealing a sleeveless T-shirt underneath. I grabbed the bottom of the T-shirt and started pulling it upward. She lifted herself off of the bed a bit so I could take it all the way off. She wore no bra and her tits were now in full view. I couldn’t help but compare the two women. Cathy’s breasts were large and swollen, and swayed with every move she made. Sheri’s were smaller, but still quite nice, with smaller areolae but much longer nipples. She lay back onto the pillow between Cathy and me. I leaned across her and kissed Cathy quickly on the lips. Then we both turned our attention to Sheri.

We began by running our hands over her tummy and sides. Soon we were slowly stroking her breasts. She moaned as we palmed her nipples, which grew to incredible lengths under our ministrations. We couldn’t resist leaning down and kissing her wonderful knockers. I was soon sucking on her right nipple while Cathy did the same to her left. This, of course, left our hands free to roam down her torso to her jeans. I started rubbing up and down her legs, getting a little closer to her crotch with each pass. Cathy was wasting no time, however. She just started undoing Sheri’s button-fly pants. Once all the buttons were undone, we started pushing Sheri’s jeans off of her. She even helped us by lifting up so we could get them past the swell of her gorgeous round ass.

Sheri was left in only her cotton panties. I let her nipple slip out of my mouth and scooted down the bed a bit. I slowly put my hands under her panties and started sliding them down her long legs. As her pussy came into view, I could see it was adorned with only a small triangle of downy blonde hair. I couldn’t help thinking how it would be really nice to watch her trim herself down there sometime. I went back to running my hands up and down her thighs and Cathy resumed sucking on those long nipples. By the time I got to her pussy, Sheri was getting pretty worked up. I started stroking the full length of her slit and could feel how wet she was. I inserted one finger and then another into her cunt and started rubbing her clit with my thumb. It only took her a few minutes to reach her peak. She shuddered out her release and moaned loudly as Cathy moved up to her mouth and kissed her deeply.

Once Sheri recovered a little, the two of them turned their attention to me. Cathy pulled the bottom of my polo shirt out of my jeans and started tugging it off of me. Sheri went to work on my socks. Then they both started in on my jeans. I had gotten my pants pretty damp while working on the car, so my underwear came down too as they pulled my jeans down my legs. My hard-on, which had been feeling quite confined, sprang into view. Now I am not one of those “Then my eleven-inch dick swung up and hit her on the chin” kind of guys. I’ve just got your average six or seven inches. But I will say that, at that moment, it lacked nothing in rigidity. I felt like I could’ve cut glass with that thing.

Anyway, the girls knelt on either side of me and started stroking my cock and fondling my balls while I stroked both of their bottoms. Between the situation and their wonderfully soft attentions, I was becoming quite ready to shoot. I figured I didn’t want that to happen to soon, so I took their hands in mine and drew them both back down onto the bed with me, this time with pregnant Cathy in the middle.

Sheri and I started working her over. We stroked and fondled her belly, her huge breasts and her shaved pussy. In a matter of seconds, Cathy was writhing and squirming around like crazy. While Sheri bent down to suck on her friend’s turgid nipples, I scooted down between her thighs, held her firm rear end in my hands and put her legs over my shoulders. I started lapping at her already dripping cunt. Her clit was peaking out from under its hood and was quite easy for my tongue to find. I held it between my lips and flicked my tongue rapidly over it. At the same time I tickled her vaginal opening and her asshole with my fingers. It took only a few moments for her to start coming. And come she did. I had never before been with a woman who actually shot off when she orgasmed, but Cathy changed all that. When she started to come, my face and neck got drenched. As her spasms passed, I slowed down the pace of my licking, until I was slowly lapping her crotch from her little brown anus to the top of her slit.

I raised my head to see what Sheri was doing. At first, I couldn’t see her over Cathy’s big belly. I lifted myself up on my elbows just in time to see Sheri let go of Cathy’s big tits and move up to straddle her head. She positioned her pussy over her friend’s face and, staring at me the whole time, slowly lowered herself down to Cathy’s lips. Even before Sheri’s lovely cunt got to her, Cathy stretched out her tongue to get to it. Soon, Sheri closed her eyes and ground her crotch down onto her friend and started riding her way to her second orgasm of the afternoon. She leaned forward a bit and reached for Cathy’s tits again, mashing and rolling them together as she climaxed over and over again.

I moved up until my hips were between Cathy’s legs. She felt my movement, bent her knees and opened her legs for me. My cock was rock hard and pre-cum was dripping from the tip. I ran it up and down her slit until the tip of my dick was coated with her moisture. I couldn’t take it any longer and started sliding it into her. Her pussy was hot as well as wet. I knew I wasn’t going to last very long, but I also knew there was nothing I was going to be able to do about that. My movements must have been having some effect on Cathy, too, as she began moaning and whimpering into Sheri’s cunt. My pace quickened and I was driving in and out of her with my whole length. When I came in her, I could feel it all the way down to my toes. I must have unloaded into her for thirty seconds, although it seemed liked thirty minutes at the time. When my contractions finally subsided, I realized that I was holding myself above her swollen belly with my hands on the bed on either side of her. My arms were giving out and I tried to ease myself back, but instead wound up dropping down onto her. She wasn’t hurt but she did tighten up and the feeling on my dick was incredible. I felt myself being gripped by her velvet sheath and never wanted to move.

By now Sheri had slipped back down on the bed and was basking in the afterglow of her multiple orgasms. I finally lifted myself off of Cathy and lay back down between the two women again. Cathy rolled over onto her side and started kissing me. I could feel her big, soft boobs hanging down on my arm. I brought my other hand over to fondle them as we continued kissing.

I soon felt Sheri stirring behind me. She snuggled up to me and I could feel her long nipples digging into my back. She reached her left hand over my hip and started playing with my now flaccid member. Between the two sets of titties, the passionate kissing and the fondling, I was soon hard again. To tell the truth, I wouldn’t have been the least bit surprised if I had been unable to perform without recuperating for thirty or forty minutes, at least. But Sheri was bringing me to full hardness very quickly.

I left off kissing Cathy and turned over to pay a little attention to Sheri. She kept stroking my cock, which was still coated with her girlfriend’s juices. I started to palm her globes and bent my head down to take her left nipple into my mouth. Meanwhile, Cathy started stroking my ass and running her hand between my legs from the back until she could fondle my balls. And when Cathy’s finger rubbed over my asshole, I accidentally bit Sheri’s nipple. Sheri’s moaning increased in volume, so I figured that little bite must have felt good to her. I was soon tugging on one nipple with my fingers and gently pulling on the other one with my teeth. This seemed to be the right thing to do because she started crying out loud for me to keep it up. She was pulling on my dick, urging me to roll over and mount her. I needed little encouragement. I climbed between her thighs and lifted her legs up with my arms until her knees were in her chest. I held her legs in this position while I reached around and started twisting both nipples with my fingers.

I shot a glance over at Cathy and then looked down at my cock. She got the idea and took me in her hand and positioned the tip at the entrance to Sheri’s pussy. Cathy put her other hand back on my ass and held it there as I slowly entered her friend’s dripping cunt. I could hardly believe my good fortune. I had just screwed a hot little pregnant babe and now I was doing the same to her housemate.

I began sawing in and out of Sheri at a leisurely pace, keeping up my actions on her nipples. She started climbing her way to climax again very quickly. I knew I would be able to last a little longer this time so I started to vary my pace, speeding up for a while and then slowing almost to a stop. When Sheri started to orgasm, though, I stopped fooling around and started to put it to her. I was slamming into her like a pile driver and Cathy was finding it difficult to keep her hand on my ass. Sheri was almost through coming when I unloaded a second time that day, this time deep in the taller girl’s pussy. When I finally withdrew and rolled off of Sheri’s now limp form, I knew I was out of action for quite a while.

The three of us lay together on that big bed and stared at the ceiling. I reached out my arms and drew both of their heads to my shoulders. Their arms entwined together over my chest after Cathy had reached down and pulled the blanket over all three of us. I gave each of them a kiss and asked Sheri if she’d mind if I took a little nap before I left her bed.
