 Margie woke with a headache. It was the price she payed for the alcohol and weed fueled buzz that helped her get her clothes off the night before. Her first orgy had been a wildly exciting experience, but she wasn't a natural at it the way Kelsey and the girls seemed to be. Margie needed an extra dose of courage, and she got it from the bottle. Maybe it was just because it was her first time. The next time? Would there be a next time?

Ryan's eyes opened slowly. They were dry and blurry, but he could see that Margie was awake. "Hey, Baby," he said. The corners of his mouth curled up into a little smile as he remembered the party. "Are you as worn out as I am?"

Margie shifted in the bed, feeling her aching body for the first time instead of her aching head. "I feel like I got run over by a truck," she said. "A really good-looking, well-driven truck."

Ryan smiled. He always liked Margie's wry wit. "Did we do what I think we did last night?" he asked.

"Yup."

He smiled a little bigger. "So that dream I had of a redhead with big tits making you scream was real?"

Margie hadn't remembered that part yet. The first smile of the morning creased the lines on her tired face when she did.

"God. She's just......isn't she?"

"She is," Ryan said.

The reason Margie hadn't remembered her sixty-nine with Kelsey was Austin. She'd spent her first moments of wakefulness with her eyes closed, re-living the sensation of having Austin's huge cock in her mouth, and the feeling of him fucking her from behind. The combination of the biggest cock she'd had in her, his prodigious natural talent and stamina, and his physical beauty, made for the most memorable sexual experience of her life. Before Austin, she thought orgasms were smaller affairs. Pleasant, yes, but neatly controlled and quickly over, with a smile and a few deep breaths getting her back to normal. What happened to her when Austin fucked her was completely different. For the first time in her life, she'd felt the sexual animal within her. After thirty-eight years, the cage doors had been thrown open. She wondered if Ryan had notice how monumental it was for her, but of course he had. Everyone on the porch had noticed, stopping their own mind-blowing experiences to watch. Margie would be embarrassed if she knew all that.

"I guess I'm gonna have to up my game," Ryan said. "I've got my work cut out for me to satisfy you after all those young bucks last night."

Margie smiled, but she knew that worked both ways. It sounded like a fun project, though, and if better sex at home was the end result of such a reckless experience, she'd take that any day.

"Was it...okay?" Margie asked. She rolled on top of Ryan, kissing him softly. "You didn't mind...seeing me that way?"

"I loved it," Ryan said. "I love you. You looked so beautiful last night."

Margie found it hard to believe she looked beautiful compared to Kelsey, Brie and Charity. But all four men did seem to want to fuck her, and they all did so with wonderful enthusiasm, despite her thirty-eight years.

"I guess I'm holding up all right. Those girls are all so beautiful. I still can't believe I stripped with them."

"Oh my God that was sexy!" Ryan said. "Did you see the way the guys were all looking at you. I was so proud of you."

"Really?"

"Yeah, Baby. You were unbelievably sexy. All night long."

"Huh. I mean, I felt that way, but I didn't think I looked that way."

"Oh, God yeah!" Ryan said, kissing her again. "You were smokin'!"

Margie smiled. The boys did all seem to be into me, she thought. Did I really look that good? Is that why Austin fucked me into another world?

"You looked pretty good yourself," Margie said. "I never, in a million years, would have thought it'd turn me on to see you with another woman. But I gotta admit, it was pretty hot."

Ryan smiled. He knew a situation like that was thin ice, so he didn't say anything, lest he say something stupid.

"I think part of it's the girls, though," Margie said. "They just seem so...non-threatening."

"Yeah, they're interesting, that's for sure," Ryan said. "Where were all the girls like that when we were young?"

"Maybe it's the internet. Sex is everywhere now. Maybe kids think it's just...fun."

"It's damn fun when it's like last night," Ryan said. "Good God."

Margie smiled. "I know, right? Maybe we should invite our friends over and have a stripper contest."

"Our friends?" Ryan asked.

Margie giggled. She was still on top of Ryan, and felt him getting hard. "Let me guess, you're thinking about Alicia, right?"

Ryan smiled. "No comment." 

He rolled Margie onto her back and slipped his hardening cock into her. 

"Nice and slow, Baby," she purred. "I'm kinda sore."

—

Kelsey's phone rang a few nights later, her mom's cheerful voice on the other end...

"Hi, Honey. Do you want to come for dinner tomorrow night? Sharron's moving into her apartment. I thought we could have one last family dinner, just you and your father and his two wives."

Kelsey giggled. "Oh, God, Daddy's gonna miss having her around to play with."

"We both are, Honey. I'm so glad you brought Sharron to us. It's just been a wonderful few months."

"I know, she's a sweetie. Sure, I'll come. What time?"

—

"You guys are my family now," Sharron said, holding up her wine glass at the dinner table. Her eyes were welling with tears. "I don't even like to think about where I'd be without you all. Kelsey, you rescued me. Bobby and Kay, you gave me a new life. Everything about me is better now. Everything."

"We love you, Honey," Kay said, wiping away a tear of her own. 

"I'll second that," Bobby said.

"Don't cry, Sharron," Kelsey said. "You'll be with us forever, right?"

"That's why I'm so happy," Sharron said. She dabbed her napkin on her wet cheeks, and on her bare breasts where the tears splashed. "I'm a mess," she said as she dried herself.

"You'd be a mess if you had clothes on and were still living with your ex," Kay said. "Naked and single you're just beautiful."

Sharron giggled again, looking lovingly into Kay's eyes.

"Get a room, you two," Kelsey said. "Hey Sharron, I saw Joshy last week. I told him you were here."

"Oh, God! What did he say?"

"Josh from high school?" Bobby asked.

"Yeah," Kelsey said. "He was up at Sandgrass Pond with us guys when we first met Sharron." A big smile lit up Kelsey's face. "He fucked her in the ass in the moonlight."

"It was my first time," Sharron said, looking embarrassed about it. 

"We all had a first time, Honey," Kay said. "That one sounds marvelous."

"Joshy sure thought so," Kelsey smiled. "He couldn't stop talking about it."

"Maybe Sharron was his first older woman," Kay said.

"He's...big, like Bobby," Sharron said. "It was...memorable. More than that, really. The memory of that night kept me going for years, until Kelsey found me again."

"Do you guys mind if he comes over?" Kelsey asked. "I'll text him and see if he's around."

Kay smiled. "Oh my. Two big boys in one night? That'll be a real going away party!"

"It's fine with me," Bobby said.

Sharron didn't respond to Kelsey's question, but the look on her face said it all. A few short texts later, the night's entertainment was lined up. A nice little orgy at the big Victorian house Sharron had grown to love, with two big cocks for her two deep holes. She'd experimented with double penetration with Bobby and Kay, usually Kay's smallest dildo in her ass with Bobby fucking her pussy from underneath. She loved that kind of play, feeling Kay working the small rubber cock for greatest effect. What would it feel like with two real cocks, she wondered? They're both so big, would they even fit? Would the men want to be that intimate? Would their balls tickle each others if they were that close? Sharron's mind spun a hundred different scenarios as she waited for Josh to arrive.

Kelsey jumped up excitedly when she heard his car. "Joshy!" she said when she jumped into his arms.

"Holy shit, Kel!" he said, surprised by her exuberance and her nakedness. He was shocked to see Bobby, Kay and Sharron sitting naked in the living room, too. "Oh, hi," he said embarrassedly.

Sharron felt embarrassed, too. As comfortable as she'd gotten sitting around naked with the family, having someone clothed walk in made her realize how unusual it all was. But it was Josh after all, a young man she'd fantasized about hundreds of times since she was with him years ago, so she stood up with Bobby and Kay to greet him.

"Hi Josh," she said, her face looking like a teenager with a happy secret.

"Hi Sharron," he said, glancing at her body before hugging her. "You look so great."

"I was your older woman, and now I'm even older," she said quietly, near his ear.

"Josh, did you ever meet my mom and dad?" Kelsey asked. 

"Yeah, I think so," he said as he let go of Sharron. "Back in school, I guess."

"Hi Josh. Call me Kay, all right?" Kay said as she hugged him.

Josh hadn't seen her in as long as he could remember, and he was amazed at how attractive she was, more like Kelsey's older sister than the typical mother of a friend. Her hug was different than the typical mother's, too, a full body affair that didn't shy away from his quickly swelling groin.

"You've grown since I saw you last," she said, with a sly smile on her face.

"I'm Bobby, Josh. Good to meet you."

Josh shook hands with him, keeping his eyes up, but his peripheral vision took in Bobby's body. Josh was impressed.

"We're having a going away party for Sharron," Kelsey said. "She's been living here with us, but she got her own place. Can you stay and party with us?"

"Sure. Yeah. I'd...love to. Isn't Austin here?"

"No. He had to work. You wanna take off your stuff?" Kelsey asked, eying his clothes.

"Oh. Maybe...in a few minutes."

Kelsey smiled. "Did Sharron and Mom get you all hard?"

"Kelsey!" Kay scolded. "Josh, you can stay just as you are. Would you like a drink or a beer, Honey?"

"Yeah, a beer would be great."

"I'll get it," Sharron said. Josh's eyes were on her ass as she wiggled off to the kitchen.

"Go," Kelsey said to him. "You two have some have some catching up to do."

Josh nervously followed Sharron, feeling completely out of place with his clothes on. Sharron was bent down with her sexy tits hanging, looking in the refrigerator when Josh joined her.

"So, how have you been, Josh?" she said

"Good. Yeah," he said, taking a bottle of beer from her. "You?"

"Better than ever. Saying here has transformed me. I left my husband."

"Oh, yeah? Wow..."

"Yeah, it's a good "wow". My life is so much better now. It all started with you, you know."

"Me?"

"Yup. I mean that whole night on the beach was amazing, but it was the memory of you that carried me through and got me here. You and Kelsey, of course."

Josh looked surprised and curious. There were plenty of boys there that night. Why does she think that about me, he wondered?

"Kelsey told me you liked it too. I hope you don't mind that she told me that. I'm glad she did, it really helped my self confidence at a time when I needed it."

"Oh, yeah, I mean I...of course I liked it."

"So, I was your first older woman. Have you been with any...others?"

Josh smiled shyly and shook his head. "Just you."

"Really? Are you lying to me about liking it, Josh? Was it that gross?"

"What? Are you kidding? It was awesome!"

It was Sharron's turn to smile shyly. Her whole body flushed with pinkness as she remembered Josh's big cock in her ass, and the crackling campfire, and all the eyes watching her. "Wanna do it again?" she asked as her face blushed even redder.

Josh smiled. It was all the answer Sharron needed. She took him by the hand and led him back to the living room.

"Oh, Honey! Somebody made you blush all sexy!" Kay said when she saw Sharron's full body tint. "Can't say I blame you. Josh is a cutie."

"So where are we doing this?" Sharron asked.

"Wow, you're not wasting any time, are you," Kay said. "We've got the biggest bed. Let's all go have some fun."

Josh was astonished. Did Kelsey's super hot mom just say what he thought she said? Are we all gonna...? Kelsey and her parents too?

The walk up the big staircase was surreal. Josh was surrounded by beautiful naked women, with Bobby bringing up the rear. No one said a word as they made their way to the master bedroom. Kelsey and Kay climbed onto the big king-sized bed.

"Kay? Want to help me get this young man ready?" Sharron asked.

Kay smiled and crawled to the edge of the bed. She sat while Sharron stood, and the two of them undressed him, letting his big, young cock bounce up toward the ceiling.

"Wow!" Kay said, with sparkling, happy looking eyes. "Kelsey, I'm beginning to think all your friends are beautifully well hung."

Sharron laughed. "It's true," she said. "There's something out of the ordinary going on in her group."

"So sue me," Kelsey smirked. "We like big cocks."

Josh groaned when Sharron sucked him in. "Oh fuck!" he moaned.

Kay started to retreat, but Sharron grabbed her arm and stopped her.

"Josh needs two old gals tonight, right Josh?" Sharron asked. She plunged her head onto his throbbing shaft again. Josh groaned.

Kay smiled up at the cute young man. She caressed his balls with her fingers, and let her other hand drift around his muscular thigh, up onto his ass.

"Did you play lacrosse, Josh?" she asked.

He nodded with another groan.

"So nice and muscly," she said.

Sharron was already lost in the blowjob. She was a master of the go-for-it-and-get-sloppy technique, and saliva was already dripping from the big shaft and her chin. Kay smiled. She loved watching Sharron suck a nice cock.

Sharron came up for air, handing off the throbbing meat for Kay to sample. Josh groaned again.

The horny scene was too much for Kelsey to just sit and watch. She reached for Bobby's cock and was soon on her knees next to him on the bed, sucking him into her mouth. It was the first time Kelsey had been intimate with her father in front of one of her Slut Club friends. She knew word would get around, but she didn't care. She was ready. Secrecy seemed pointless.

Josh watched as Kelsey deep-throated her father's big cock. It was a powerful visual, and with two women's mouths and hands on him it was all too much. He blew like a geyser, flooding Sharron's moaning mouth with salty, silky heat. Kay took over and sucked him clean.

Sharron swallowed and wiped her messy chin with the back of her hand. "God!" she gasped. "I'd forgotten how much you cum! That's a mouthful!"

Kay giggled. She liked a big load, too. "Must be these big balls," she said. "Look at 'em, they're beautiful aren't they?" She held his shrinking cock up against his belly and sucked them one at a time into her mouth, swirling them gently with her tongue. Josh moaned and started to get hard again.

"Oh, Honey!" Kay said when she felt him swell in her hand. "I know Sharron wants you in her ass, but I'm gonna have to fuck you first. Is that okay?"

"Mmm hmm," Josh moaned.

His eyes drifted up to Kelsey and her dad, their limbs entwined in a steamy sixty-nine. Josh couldn't see what Bobby was doing, but Kelsey's happy chirps as she sucked his big cock gave away his good technique.

Kay glanced at what Josh was looking at as she stroked him back to full hardness. "I hope you're not shocked by my family," she said, looking at his big cock and up into his eyes. "Looks like maybe you're turned on by it, huh? Wanna fuck me now, Honey? Fuck me while I lick Sharron's asshole and get it all ready for you?"

Kay let go of him and raised her legs as she lay back, spreading her pussy wide for his entry. He couldn't resist dropping to his knees to eat her first, his open mouth working hard the moment Kay's succulent scent and taste flooded his brain. Sharron climbed on the bed and straddled Kay's face, lowering her pussy down to the tongue reaching up for it. Josh's eyes darted around, trying to take in all the wild action. Why hasn't Kelsey invited me over here before, he wondered? This place is insane!

Kay loved Josh's searching tongue, but she really wanted to be fucked. She grabbed two fistfuls of his curly hair and pulled him up. He wasted no time lining up and thrusting home. Kay bellowed a happy welcome. Josh was at warp speed in no time.

"Oh, fuck yeah!" she cried into Sharron's pussy. "God I love you young guys!"

Her tongue went back to work, driven across Sharron's clit by Josh's pounding. Sharron squeezed her own tits and her eyes rolled. Everyone in the room was on the verge of an orgasm. Josh watched Kay's big tits quiver and gyrate. He couldn't believe how much she looked like Kelsey. When Kelsey came on her father's tongue, he looked at her otherworldly smile. Sharron was next to go, and Josh watched her — her muscles clenched tight, her mouth open, the sound of the earth moving gurgling out of her throat.

Josh was on auto pilot, fucking like a champ, glad he'd already cum so he could keep going. With Sharron's pussy almost smothering her face, Kay let herself go, with the tell-tale heat building all the way from her toes to the center of her feverish brain. It was a slow-burn orgasm that thrilled her — a new young cock making her soar.

When the women all settled back to a newly satisfied reality, Kelsey crawled to Josh's big cock.

"He's fun, huh, Mom?"

Kay sat up and helped her daughter clean up the sticky thing, taking turns with the sucking, both of them having fun showing off their deep-throat skills. Josh was in heaven.

Sharron had climbed on top of Bobby, and was fucking him slow.

"There's her pretty asshole, Joshy," Kelsey said, glancing back at Sharron's ass. "You remember bein' in there?"

"Mmm hmm," Josh moaned.

"Look at that big cock goin' in her pussy," she said. "Isn't that hot?"

"Sharron, Honey," Kay said, "we're all watching Bobby's cock sliding inside you. You look so beautiful."

Sharron moaned. The orgasm had heated her up something fierce, and Bobby felt amazing. All the eyes on her fanned the flames some more. As she fucked the beautiful man she felt like her whole being had transformed into pure, sensual energy.

Kelsey was thinking about sending Josh in for a double penetration when Sharron came again.

"Ooo, twitchy!" Kelsey said, watching her spastic looking thigh muscles. "I love it! You go girl!"

Sharron rolled off and lay on her back, her nice tits oozing off the sides of her heaving chest.

"No rest for the weary, Honey," Kelsey said to her. She had Josh on his back and was lubing up his cock with a tube from the bedside drawer. "Come here and sit on this thing."

Sharron giggled. She was still spinning down from her Bobby high. It seemed wildly hedonistic to go from that to having Josh deep in her ass, but that was what the Jonston household was all about, and anyway, she'd been dreaming about it for years. She regrouped her crazed brain cells and climbed aboard.

"The other way around," Kelsey directed. "We wanna see your pussy."

Sharron mounted Josh reverse cowgirl style and leaned back with her hands on his shoulders. Kelsey reached in with a finger and lubed up her little hole. She took hold of Josh's cock and lined things up.

"Down," she commanded. "Take him in you."

Sharron was overwhelmed by the attention. The room was quiet and all eyes were on her. She closed her eyes and remembered the beach as she settled down, ever so slowly, on Josh's throbbing shaft.

Sharron groaned and her hips started moving, slowly fucking the big cock deeper into her darkness.

"Fuck yeah," Kelsey said, watching from up close. When Josh was halfway in she took a few long licks up through Sharron's pussy.
