 "Am I your boyfriend?" Richie asked Erin.

"No. What makes you think that?"

"So, like, fuck buddies?

"Yeah. Why?"

"There's a girl in my neighborhood. I've always liked her. She just broke up with her boyfriend."

Erin looked at Richie funny. "You want me to give you advice on gettin' with another girl?"

"I just wondered if you'd be, like, pissed or whatever."

Erin's eyes twinkled mischievously. "Not if we do a threeway."

Richie looked surprised. "She's, like, really normal, I don't think...she'd be..."

Erin laughed. "Holy shit! I'm just kidding! But shit, Richie. What am I? Not normal?" 

Richie just looked at her, not sure of what to say.

"Don't answer that. I'm just messin' with you," Erin smiled. "I'm glad you found somebody."

She wondered how much Richie would tell a girl about all the sex in his life — the x-rated photography, Kelsey, all the other girls. He had one hell of a sex life for a guy who was eighteen years old and only a few months past being a virgin.

—

"Hi, Richie. What's up?" a sweet female voice said.

"Oh, hi," he said. "I didn't know you were up here."

"Yeah, just a few classes." Abby had a book open, and a notebook she was writing in. The Student Center at the community college was humming with the low energy of students studying and socializing. "How are you? I heard you're taking photography."

"Yeah. Some English and math, too, to help me transfer somewhere. What are you taking?"

"Some science stuff," Abby said. "I'm thinking about pharmacy, maybe."

"Oh, yeah, that'd be good."

"Sit with me," she said. "You ever see anyone from school?"

"Not really. Kevin and Razor once in a while. Most everybody left for college."

"Yeah, it sucks," she said. "My social life dropped to nothing."

"I heard you and Stig broke up."

"Yeah. He was leaving for school anyway, but yeah, it's over."

"You wanna maybe do something sometime?" Richie asked.

"Yeah!" Abby said. Her face brightened considerably. Word on the street at the time of their high school graduation was that Richie was a virgin. She thought that might be a little awkward, but she'd always liked him and was happy to have a date.

They met that evening at Gambo's Pizza. They sat in a booth and ordered garlicky breadsticks and calzones. Mountain Dew washed it down.

"I saw you here a couple months ago," Abby said, her face smirky but gentle. "You were with the best looking girl in the place."

Richie realized it was Kelsey she was talking about. "Oh," he said, looking nervous. "She's a friend of mine. She...took me out for my birthday."

Abby wondered if the girl was an escort of some sort, but Richie didn't seem the type. The 'friend' was certainly affectionate, Abby remembered, and stunning looking. "Did you have fun?" she asked.

Richie blushed bright red. Abby could see he was embarrassed, so she didn't press him for an answer. The rest of the meal was much less stressful for Richie, with pleasant conversation and laughter.

"Wanna drink some wine?" Abby asked when they were through. "My mom and dad just left for New York City. They're going to a couple of Broadway shows, so I've got the wine cellar all to myself this weekend."

"Wine cellar?"

"It's not as fancy as it sounds, but there's enough so they never notice when a bottle or two goes missing."

"Nice! I never knew you were so devious," Richie smiled.

"And I never knew you had dates with redheads on your birthday. I'm tired of having a good reputation, anyway."

"Why would you be tired of that?"

"Why? Why wouldn't I? You know, Richie. You're sorta the same."

Richie nodded. He'd gone through high school being a 'good boy', and it wasn't much fun. The reputation still followed him, even though he was having more sex than the town stud.

Back at Abby's house, it didn't take long for her to make her desires known. She wasn't a highly sexed girl, but she was in the middle of a dry spell since breaking up with Stig. Richie seemed like a nice, safe boy to maybe have a friends-with-benefits thing with. It wasn't something she'd ever tried before, but some of her friends talked about that kind of thing.

Ten minutes later Richie was behind Abby, fucking her with long, steady strokes. He'd learned from Kelsey and the girls how to maintain a nice pace for a prolonged period of time. Abby had never experienced such a long, relentless build-up, and after he'd been at it for a while she had an orgasm that warped her mind. Richie held her hips tightly, working his cock deep inside her while her body trembled and quaked. He loved the reaction — it was almost as wonderful as Charity's never-ending body spasms.

When Abby's shaking thighs and twitching body started to calm, he started fucking again, hoping to overlap orgasm number two right into the first one, the way he'd learned with the girls. It was too much for Abby.

"No!...No!" she said, pushing their bodies apart. She pulled one knee to her chest and held it with her arms, still trembling. "Fffuuckk!" she whispered.

Richie sat back on his feet, wondering if he'd hurt her, or done something she didn't like.

"Godddd!" Abby whispered breathlessly, glancing shyly up at him as another tremble racked her body. "Jesus, Richie! How did you do that!"

"Do what? Are you okay?"

"Do what? Fuck, Richie! I guess I know what an orgasm is now!"

"You've never...?"

"No, I mean I sorta have, but not like that. Stig always...couldn't really last until I..."

"So, it was good? I thought maybe you wanted to stop."

"Stop? You mean you're not done?" she asked. She glanced at Richie's cock, still mostly hard, bobbing up and down with his heartbeat.

"No, but we can be done if you want. I mean..."

"Richie, what the fuck. How come word never got around school about you?"

"You mean...about sex? You guys talked about that?"

"A little. About guys that were supposed to be good and everything. I never did anything about it, like some of the girls. They wanted to try all the guys who were supposed to be good. I never heard your name mentioned." Abby propped herself up on her elbows. She smiled and reached for Richie's cock. "What are you, like Clark Kent or something?"

Richie smiled. Having Abby Lindeman's hand wrapped around his cock was the stuff of dreams. "I wanna watch you," he said as he flopped on his back. He reached for Abby, pulling her up for a ride. She giggled as she settled down on his hardness, and proceeded to ride herself to a second, eye-rolling orgasm. Watching Abby's face was too much for Richie — he lifted her off his red-hot cock, grabbed it in his fist and blew like a geyser.

"Fuck, Richie!" Abby gasped. She reached for the hot shaft, stroking it with a nice squeeze as slippery cum oozed onto her fingers. "That was...unbelievable," she said, watching her sticky fingers slide on the warm, hard flesh. She smiled sweetly. "Please tell me you can do that to me every time."

Richie smiled. Abigail Lindeman likes me! And she's naked, with her hand on my cock!

Abby reached for some tissues to clean up the mess while Richie reclined against some big pillows. Abby smiled sweetly again as she wiped the mess off his shrinking cock. She lay down up against the side of him, with her arm draped over his chest.

"You're different than I thought, Richie. I've never just laid with a guy like this. Stig and me, we always...covered up after."

"Really? We can if you want."

"No. This is nice." Abby's smile flared up again, but Richie couldn't see it. "You seem really comfortable with yourself. I mean, you should be, you're really cute, but I didn't expect you to be so..."

"What?"

"Sexy, I guess," Abby said. "Do you have a girlfriend?"

"Not, like, a real one, no."

"What does that mean?" Abby asked, lifting her head to look Richie in the eye. "You don't have one of those blow-up things, do you?"

"No!" Richie chuckled. "Just, some...friends."

"Friends with benefits, you mean? Who, Richie?" Abby's eyes were inquisitive, darting back and forth between Richie's. "Somebody from school? Who hooked up with you?"

Richie smiled. "It's a secret."

"Good answer," Abby smiled. "That means you won't tell anybody about me."

"Oh, tryin' to trick me, huh?" Richie teased. His hand went to Abby's wet pussy. "Tricky girls have to pay."

"Pay?" she giggled. Richie's fingers went inside her, making her moan. "How much?"

Richie didn't answer. His fingers went to work the way Kelsey had taught him, curling inside to the G spot while his thumb squeezed Abby's clit.

"Ohh ssshiitt!" she breathed. Her body went limp, flat on her back. A heavenly heat built in her, working it's tingling way all the way out to the tips of her fingers and toes. "Richie...!" she whispered. "Richie...!" The words stopped and her mouth opened. Her back arched high off the bed as a deep, full-body orgasm washed through her like a tsunami. When it was over Richie rolled her onto her stomach and mounted her jockey style, spreading her small ass cheeks with his hands so he could watch his cock sink into her pussy again.

"Fffuuckk!" she gasped. "Richie...!"

Richie groaned as he started to fuck again. He felt like a real live stud for the first time in his life, in total control as he fucked his dream girl, using all the carnal knowledge he'd been amassing.

"Holy shit Richie...!" Abby sighed. Yet another orgasm was building. She huffed out hot breath, clutching at the bed sheets with white knuckles as Richie fucked her to a thrilling, gasping finish.

Abby could barely move afterward, but she wanted to do something for Richie. For some reason she couldn't fathom, he was still hard, so she took his cock into her mouth. She wasn't really a blowjob girl — Stig had only received them on special occasions — but Richie had done things to her she couldn't imagine. He deserved all she could give him. It went beyond that, though, once she got the sticky, fragrant cock in her mouth. The beautiful hard thing had unleashed something in her that day, a completely new kind of orgasmic wonderfulness, so she went a little wild on it with her mouth. She surprised herself, and kind of liked it.

Richie liked it too. He looked down at his cock in Abigail Lindeman's hungry mouth, let his mind go, and came. He held her head gently in his hands, grunting as his body tensed. Abby let it happen, hungry to taste semen for the first time. There wasn't much, due to his huge geyser earlier in the proceedings, but it was a good first taste, sexy and carnal and oh so naughty. She even swallowed, without really thinking about it, as she mouthed her new favorite cock to softness.

When it was all over Abby didn't know what to say. She lay snuggled with Richie for a while, reveling in the most extraordinary sexual experience of her life.

"I wanna know how you know so much," she said, breaking a long, relaxing silence. "Back in school you weren't like this, were you?"

"No," Richie said, deciding to be honest. "I met a girl, through my photography. My neighbor hired me to take pictures of her, for advertising, for his website."

"Let me guess, the girl with the red hair, from the restaurant?"

"Yup."

"And?

"And what?"

Abby propped her head up on her elbow. "She just taught you lots of stuff? I probably seem really inexperienced compared to her."

"No! You're awesome!"

"Good answer," Abby smiled. "So, how long have you known her?"

"Just a few months."

"Really? She must be a hell of a teacher!"

"She's got friends. I just...sorta fell into the middle of it."

"What do you mean? Like other girls you mean?"

"Girls and guys."

"Wait...like, sex friends, you mean?"

"If I tell you, are you gonna tell your friends?"

"No. You know me. I'm not like that."

"Her name's Kelsey. She went to our school, like, four or five years ahead of us I guess. They all did, except for Charity."

"How many of them are there?"

"I don't know. I've met, like, five girls and three guys I guess. There's more that they talk about."

"And they're all...sex friends?"

"Yeah. They call it a Slut Club."

"Holy shit! Richie! For real?"

"Yeah."

"And you're one of them?"

"Not really. Well...sort of, yeah."

"Do you have meetings?"

"What do you mean?"

"You said it's a club. Clubs have meetings."

"No," Richie chuckled. "It's not, like, formal or anything. They just all sorta...share each other."

Abby's eyes got big. "You mean they're couples? Like, swingers?"

"Sort of, I guess, yeah. Some of them. They're not married or anything."

"So, how many of the girls have you been with?"

"All of them."

"All of them? Holy shit, Richie!"

"It's not just me. I mean, everybody's sorta been with everybody."

"Wow," Abby said quietly, shaking her head in disbelief. "Richie, you're a swinger."

"I'm not a swinger," Richie said. Abby looked unconvinced.

"So does it happen at parties?" she asked.

"Yeah, but...it happens all the time really. It doesn't really matter who's around. Kelsey's sort of...just really into it."

"So she's the red haired girl, huh? She was super beautiful. Are the other ones pretty?"

"Oh, yeah."

"And the boys? What do they look like?"

"Good, I guess. Kelsey's boyfriend looks like a model or something."

"Really? I guess he would, with her looking like she does. And she just lets him...go with the other girls?"

Richie nodded. At first he was surprised that Abby was so interested. She never struck him as the type of girl who would be really into sex, but he guessed Kelsey and her friends were sort of new and different. He was so close to it all he didn't even think of them as unusual anymore.

"Wanna see her?" he asked. 

Abby looked excited. He took his phone from his pants pocket and sat back down on the bed. Abby sat behind him, leaning against his warm back, looking over his shoulder. He opened his browser and pulled up the Jeep photos from Koop's website.

"My neighbor sells Jeeps. These are the pictures I took for him."

"Oh my God," Abby said. "She's...oh my God."

Richie scrolled through all the listings, picture after picture of Kelsey in various tiny bikinis and vintage lingerie.

"She really likes you, Richie. I can see it in her eyes," Abby said. "God, she's amazing looking. I can't believe you... got with her."

"Yeah, me neither."

"Do you have pictures of the others?"

"No."

"She looks nice. She's got a nice-person face. Can I meet her sometime?"

Richie looked bemused. "You want too?"

"Yeah. Can I?"

"She's different. You can't really just 'meet' her."

"What do you mean?" Abby giggled. "Are you afraid she's gonna recruit me?"

"She likes girls, too, and you're..."

"I'm what?" Abby smiled.

"Abby, are you sure that's something you want to get into?"

"Do you not want me to?"

"No, it's not that. I mean, it'd be cool, but..."

"Don't worry about me, Richie. If you can do it, I can too. I just spent the last hour learning how backward I've been. I'd kinda like to maybe...try a little."

Richie was surprised at the turn of events, but excited by it. He'd always thought Abby was sexy, in a girl-next-door kind of way. She still looked that way, much more girlish than Kelsey and the others, but naked on her bed she was sexy all right. Her tits weren't too far beyond flat-chested, but somehow they looked perfect on her thin frame, and her tiny, bubble-butt ass was an eye catcher. Richie had a vision of Austin's huge cock cleaving Abby's small body in half, and he wondered if she'd become a screamer like Charity.

"It can get kinda...intense. The guys are..."

"Don't tell me they're better than you, because I won't believe it," Abby said. "If you think I'm not good enough just tell me. I'll understand. I mean, it's not like I'm experienced."

"No! I'll ask her. I'm sure she'll say yes, but I'll ask her."

Abby's face changed. Richie didn't see it because they were both looking at a picture of Kelsey in her favorite chartreuse-green bikini, but it was a look of quiet panic. Joining a sex club was the farthest thing from Abby's mind when she ran into Richie in the Student Center, and yet there she was, hurtling down a road toward casual sex as she'd never known it. Somehow, with Richie at her side, it felt right.

Richie's thumbs skittered across his phone.

"Are you texting her?" Abby asked. Her heart beat faster as she waited for an answer.

"Yup."

—  Can I bring a friend over sometime? She'd like to meet you.

— Sure honey. You don't have to ask. Unless...do you want us dressed?

— No. Just be you.

— Brie and Char have a teacher meeting tomorrow night. Wanna keep me company around 7? Austin might be here.

—  Yes. See you then. What's the password to watch your porn?

— tuckerslut69. Smooches honey :-)

"Seven o'clock tomorrow," Richie said. "Her roommates won't be home, but her boyfriend might be there. Is that okay?"

Abby tried to keep the terror she was feeling from showing on her face. "Yeah. I can't wait to meet her."

"So, she made porn when she was in college," Richie said. "I'm gonna write this password down for you, so you can watch it later. Her name was Cinnamon Sugar. She had really long hair back then."

"Richie! How can you say that so casually? Oh my God! She made porn?!

"Yeah. It's kinda wicked hot."

"Holy shhitt!" Abby said, leaping off the bed to get her laptop. "Show me!"

"God, she's...holy shit! Richie! She's...!"

Richie smiled. He had the same reaction every time he laid eyes on one of Kelsey's videos. "I know. She's awesome."

"Did she teach you...what you did with me?"

"I guess." Richie blushed and smiled a little. 

"Oh my God!" Abby said as she watched the scene. "Look at how cute that guy is!"

"I think his name's Billy," Richie said. "She worked with him a lot, but there's a lot more with other guys, too. She said they were all really nice."

Abby was wide-eyed as she watched Billy's huge cock slither all the way down Kelsey's throat.

"I can't do that," Abby said. "God! Think how far in her throat that must be!" She and Richie sat and watched, leaning against the wall next to Abby's bed. "I can't believe I'm watching porn with a boy," she said. She glanced up at Richie shyly. "Just sitting around naked like this is so different and nice. Stig was never this relaxed. I guess I wasn't either."

"You should be," Richie said. "You're so beautiful."

"You been drinkin'? I'm skinny and I need a boob job. I couldn't be more different looking than her," Abby said, as her eyes drifted back to the laptop monitor. The deep-throat blowjob was over. Kelsey was up on her tip-toes, bent at the waist so Billy could fuck her. A close-up showed the penetration.

"Ssshiitt!" Abby said quietly as she watched. Richie's cock caught her eye as it swelled and rose up into the air. "You're hard again?" she said. Her face showed her disbelief. 

"I wanna fuck you again."

Abby giggled with surprise. She'd never heard dirty talk from a boy, and she was amazed at Richie's horny prowess. "Okay."

She started to close the laptop, but Richie stopped her.

"Leave that on."

Abby giggled nervously again. When it came to sex, she'd never met a boy who was interesting before. Stig was boring and by-the-books, and her first boyfriend didn't have a clue. Richie was turning out to be fascinating and exciting, something she didn't really expect. She set the laptop on the foot of the bed, facing them, and giggled when she turned up the volume a little.

Richie took her thin waist in his hands and guided her to her hands and knees. They both watched Billy's big cock slide in and out of Kelsey as their own fucking commenced. "Ohh fffuuckk!" Abby sighed as Richie got into a rhythm. She had a feeling her life had changed.
