 "Check it out, you guys," Kelsey said, holding up a Playboy magazine with the centerfold opened up. "We need to study these. Us girls want you to do this kind of stuff with us." She had a box at her feet with two dozen Playboys from the '70s, classics that she bought on eBay. Richie and Erin smiled. They each picked up one of the thick, heavy magazines and opened it to its centerfold.

"We can't really do this without showing your faces," Erin said as she looked over a big, beautifully lit photo of a long-legged brunette.

"Yeah, we know that," Kelsey said. "We trust you guys. Can you just do it, like, as a personal project for us? Make us prints and then, like, destroy the evidence or something? We can pay you."

"No, you're not paying us," Richie said. "It'll be really good experience. And you already give us so much, just letting us hang out with you guys."

"Yeah, I think we'll pay you anyway," Kelsey said.

Brie and Charity walked in through the side door, dressed in their teacher clothes. "You got those magazines you ordered?" Brie asked, wide eyed with excitement.

"Yup," Kelsey said. "Check it out." She held one up with the centerfold opened wide, Miss December 1970. "You should do this pose, Charity. Her back arches wicked, just like yours."

—

"Oh my gosh, this is beautiful!" 

Barbara sat in her living room, holding an open folder on her lap. She lifted a luminous enlargement in her careful fingers, her eyes dancing cross the photograph, taking in all of Kelsey in all her glory.

"Wow," she said softly. "You're stunning. Just stunning."

She carefully moved the print to the bottom of the stack. Her face looked happy as she worked her way through the pile, smiling when she got to the images of Brie, and again when Charity's sexy innocence appeared.

"You girls are just amazing. You said these were done by student photographers? They're really good."

"Yeah. Richie and Erin," Kelsey said. "Richie does the pictures of me with the Jeeps on Koop's website."

"Oh, right! Koop told me he's a sweet kid. He laughed about how you latched onto Richie."

"I guess I couldn't help it," Kelsey said. "He's cute, and it was his eighteenth birthday..."

"Lucky kid!" Barbara chuckled. She'd worked her way through the pile and was back to the first photo of Kelsey again, the softly luminescent one of her on her back on satin sheets. A garter belt and stockings adorn her hips and legs, and Kelsey is looking at the camera, like a classic pin-up girl. "So beautiful," Barbara said.

"We've all been studying old Playboy magazines," Kelsey said. "The really old ones from the 1970s."

"I was born in 1977, Kelsey," Barbara said. "I guess that makes me really old."

"No! I didn't mean that!"

Barbara giggled. "I know, I'm just kidding. I'll never look like this again, though," she said, looking at a photo of Kelsey on her stomach, her perfect ass nearly glowing in the soft light.

"Barb, you look so good. You don't even realize it probably, because you can't see yourself the way other people do. I want you to let Richie and Erin take pictures of you. That's why I brought these to show you."

Barb looked surprised. "You want me to pose for them?"

"Yup. You'll love it," Kelsey said. "I know you like showin' off."

"Kelsey! Do I?" Barb looked surprised again, and a little embarrassed.

"Don't play innocent with me, girl!" Kelsey smiled. "You know you love it. I think it's cool."

Barbara blushed, because Kelsey was right. She'd always gotten a thrill from the little exhibitionism she'd flirted with, and it was part of why the bondage thing turned her on so much — being tied up, unable to hide from whoever happened along. 

"We could do it here, but they've been getting some lights and stuff and they're makin', like, a little studio in my basement. It's super cool. They do natural light stuff up in the bedrooms, too."

Barbara still looked embarrassed, but intrigued. "Could we do more of a lingerie type of thing?" she asked.

"Sure! Cool, Barbara!"

—

"Let me fix her hair a little." Kelsey jumped up, with a brush and a comb in her hand, and went to work. 

Richie and Erin both adjusted their cameras. They worked as a team, both shooting different perspectives, with different styles. The session had only started ten minutes ago so Barbara was still getting used to things, feeling very self conscious in her skimpy, lacy undies. Kelsey combed the offending clump of hair and fingered it into place.

"There. Isn't she hot, you guys?" Kelsey asked.

Richie and Erin nodded. They were both nervous, too, working with their first model that wasn't part of the gang, and an older one at that. Richie was surprised how turned on he was, seeing as how Barb was a little older than his own mother.

Barbara was glad they didn't gush insincere answers to Kelsey's question. She knew she wasn't hot, not in the Kelsey sense anyway, but it was nice to see appreciation in Richie and Erin's eyes, and extra nice to see the lump in Richie's pants that he was trying to hide.

Erin directed her into a new pose, conferring with Richie on how to properly light it.

"Whoa! Did you see that, you guys?" Kelsey asked. "Did you see how her bra opened up when she moved? That was hot. Can you get that?"

Richie had seen it. Observant men have a sixth sense for that kind of thing, sneaking glimpses into short-lived gaps in women's clothing. With Kelsey's help Barbara made it happen again, with her arm and gravity working together, opening a sexy view into the lacy little bra.

"That's so hot," Kelsey said.

Richie and Erin worked the scene, clicking shutters, pushing buttons, turning dials.

"Look at Richie, all hard for you!" Kelsey said. "You look smokin', Barb!"

Barbara giggled, making her tits jiggle a little. Richie blushed, but he didn't take his eyes, or his camera, off of her.

Erin called a new pose, and helped Barbara into it. It was one of the classics from the Playboy centerfolds — Barbara on her side, head in hand propped up by her elbow, with her other arm draped languidly on her curvy, hour-glass side.

"Give us those bedroom eyes, Barb," Kelsey said. "The ones that make me wanna make you cum."

Barbara smiled a lovely smile. Both cameras clicked off a flurry of shots. She glanced at the lump in Richie's pants. She was relaxed enough for the sight of it to hit her differently, and the look on her face was the one Kelsey loved to see. Barbara's deep-seeded lustiness was bubbling to the surface.

After a few more classic poses everyone was in the groove. Barbara and Kelsey had emptied a bottle of wine, and another cork was popped. Barbara was relaxed and felt sexy in front of the cameras. It was a delicious feeling.

"Can I pose her, you guys?" Kelsey asked.

"Sure," Richie said. He knew there was no one who understood sexy better than Kelsey.

She turned her attention to Barbara. "Get on your hands and knees, Honey. I love how you look that way."

Richie was pretty sure he was going to love it too, because Barbara was turning him on something fierce. He watched as Kelsey guided her, spreading Barbara's knees apart just the right amount. Kelsey looked at the lace covered ass, pushed Barbara's back into more of an arch, and ran her hand over Barb's sexy little panties. Her fingers went to the heat, playing a little in the dampness.

"God you're sexy!" she said, bending to kiss her. After the steamy little kiss Kelsey's hands swept across the smoothly arched back, stopping to unhook the lacy bra. "Tits out, Honey. You're ready."

There were no complaints. Barbara was ready. The lacy bra was tossed aside. Kelsey adjusted the sexy woman's elbows on the mattress, getting the 'ass up' pose just right. She paused and admired her work, and Barb's righteously hard nips.

"Fuck yeah," she said. "Your tits are super sexy. They hang nicer than anybody's."

Barbara knew it wasn't true, but it was a wonderful compliment, coming as it did from the nakedest, sexiest, tittiest woman she'd ever known.

"Can you guys work with that?" Kelsey asked.

"It was hot when you were kissin' her," Erin said. "Give us a few minutes with just her, though."

"Cool! You wanna do some poses with me?" Kelsey asked Barbara.

"Sure," she chuckled. "I'll show the pictures to the ninety-year-old men in the nursing home when I'm old. Look at me! That's me and a porn star!"

Kelsey gigged. "Cool! Should I put panties on? Maybe I'll put a bra on too, and you can take it off of me."

Kelsey scampered away. When her naked presence was gone, Barbara felt self-conscious again in front of the clothed photographers. It was exciting, though, just like she'd hoped it would be. When Richie asked her to drop her upper body down the thrill was intense. Ass up high, with legs spread more than lady-like, she felt almost supernaturally sexy. Her head was sideways on the mattress, so she could see him as he worked. She smiled at the angles he was capturing. He seemed rather taken with her well-toned middle-aged ass.

"Awesome! That's hot, you guys!" Kelsey said when she returned. "I wore panties like yours, Barb. I thought that'd be fun."

Kelsey had a bra in her hand, but Erin shook her head. "No bra. Just climb on like that."

Kelsey smiled and tossed it aside. "You ready, Honey?" she asked Barb. "Smoochie smoochie?"

Barbara giggled. She wished she'd known, when she was younger, how much fun sexy girls can be.

"I got a pose I wanna do," Kelsey said. "I want you just like that, but with me under you, with our tits smooshed together."

Erin and Richie agreed it sounded hot. Barb got up, had a big gulp of wine, and resumed her ass-up position on top of Kelsey.

"Fuck!" Erin whispered when the four tits all squished together, bulging the sides of them out.

"That's wicked!" Richie said. 

Kelsey spread her legs and inter-tangled them with Barbara's, making it even better. They gazed into each others eyes as the cameras started clicking, transitioning to a hot, steamy kiss as Richie and Erin worked the pose.

The heat built quickly. Kelsey's hands played on Barbara's thighs and smooth hips as the hot kiss burned on. Barbara couldn't believe how horny she was. She felt like electricity surged through her as Richie and Erin circled. Kelsey's hand slid under, inside Barb's panties. Fingers tickled pussy, squishing through the wetness. Barb moaned into Kelsey's mouth. Cameras clicked. Barb was flying. She was a porn girl!

It only took a minute or so for Barb to cum. It was nothing she expected, or wanted to do. It was something she had to do. Deep down in her subconscious, it was a moment just waiting to happen.

"Fuck yeah!" Kelsey softly praised. "Did I ever tell you how much I love makin' you cum?"

"You may have mentioned it once or twice," Barb smiled. She was breathless, her mind blurry from all the stimulus.

"Did you get her orgasm face, you guys?" Kelsey asked. "I love it. Isn't she just beautiful?"

"That was hot," Erin said.

"Let's do the undressing now," Kelsey said.

A hit of adrenaline surged through Barbara's bloodstream. She'd planned on lingerie, was already topless, and Kelsey wanted to drag the pussies out to play. It was way too thrilling to resist.

After another kiss, Kelsey rolled Barbara onto her back, nestling between her widespread thighs. Barb's chest was heaving and her eyes were wild with excitement. Kelsey kissed her way from tit to tit, and slowly down her belly. Erin and Richie captured every moment. Kelsey's mouth reached the panty line. She teased the lacy thing down, licking the pussy inch by inch as it was revealed.

"Ohhh, God!" Barbara sighed. Her clit was still fully charged from her orgasm. Every little tongue tickle made her body writhe. 

"Fffuuck!" Kelsey said softly, amazed at Barbara's sexuality. 

Kelsey lifted Barb's knees and whisked the panties off, tossing them to the floor. She dove in for some serious pussy eating. Barb had a monster of an orgasm that left her reeling. As she recovered, chest heaving, Kelsey kissed her way back to the top, stopping for a few moments for some nipple nibbling before resuming the hot kiss that had started it all.

"Sixty-nine me, Honey," Kelsey whispered in her ear. "Make me cum."

Kelsey rolled. She wanted Barbara on top, wide open to the cameras. 

Barbara pulled Kelsey's panties off, turned and mounted her. She was well aware that she was on display to two photographers as never before. She felt cool air on her spread pussy, and then the extraordinary heat of Kelsey's mouth engulfed it.

"Oh God!" she exclaimed, the words breathy but staccato.

She lowered her mouth and tasted Kelsey's essence, just as delicious as she remembered. Out of the corner of her eye she watched Erin and Richie circling. Richie zeroed in on the action out back — Kelsey's loving mouth on Barb's wet, glistening pussy. Barbara's hips started working when she knew Richie was there. Not because she wanted them too — they seemed to have a mind of their own, grinding her pussy hard against Kelsey's mouth.

Kelsey looked up at Richie. He was in close, so she reached for his crotch.

"Fuck!" she said when felt how rock hard he was. "Take that out. Fuck this girl."

Barbara moaned loud into Kelsey's pussy, vibrating it with the sweet sound.

"You heard her," Kelsey said to him. "Do it. Barb, you want Richie to fuck you, don't you?"

"Yesss!" she sighed, the lovely word all mumbled by pussy flesh.

Richie didn't need to be asked again. His cock was out and deep in his first older woman quick as a wink. Kelsey giggled at the way he and Barbara reacted, both of them instantly lost in the intensity of it all. Richie was fucking fast and hard and Barbara was just a few decibels from the screaming stage.

"Holy shit, Honey!" Kelsey said, watching Richie's furious fucking from down underneath. "She really turns you on!"

Erin was amazed, too. Richie seemed like he was in another world, his eyes rolling and his lungs grunting as he fucked the pretty woman hard. She tried to capture the animalistic essence with her camera, circling to the front so she could get his face and Barbara's in the same shot, both of them showing the wild, unbridled ecstasy of it all.

Kelsey rode it out as a close-up spectator, unable to get her mouth near the furious action. When Barbara's orgasm neared Kelsey twiddled the tip of her thumb on Barb's clit, launching her into orbit. Richie came with grunting ferocity deep inside her.

"Holy fuck, you guys!" Kelsey said. "Are you like starved for sex or somethin'? That was insane!"

Richie gasped for breath, still deep in Barbara, holding her nice hips in his hands. Barbara's head lay limp on Kelsey's pussy, giggling as she sucked for cool oxygen.

"Get a fuckin' room you two!" Kelsey said.

—

Richie and Erin worked on the pictures for a few days at Erin's apartment in the evenings. The sessions usually ended with some nice sex, sometimes with Kaitlin if she was home. Richie put a folder together of their favorite prints. He brought it over to Kelsey's, figuring she'd be able to get it to Barbara.

"There's about fifteen prints, and there's a proof sheet in there with some more that she might like. We can finish those for her if she wants them."

"Cool," Kelsey said. "I'll give you her address. She's not too far from your house."

"Oh. You think I should bring them?"

"Yeah, she'll wanna see you," Kelsey winked. "Ask her what the hook on her bedroom ceiling is for."

Richie looked confused. Kelsey smiled.

"You ever watch porn where the girl's handcuffed and stuff?" she asked. 

"She likes that?"

"Loves it, Honey. Loves it."

—

Richie's heart was thumping when he knocked on Barbara's door. The folder of enlargements was sweaty in his hand.

"Hi, Richie," Barbara said shyly. "Come on in."

Richie was too nervous for much eye contact, but what he saw intrigued him. Barbara's nervousness made her seem younger than he remembered. It was a look he hadn't seen in someone dressed like his mom and her friends.

"I'll get in trouble if you tell anyone, but, would you like a drink? I could use a little wine."

"Sure," Richie said. He had a feeling Barbara had already had a little.

They sat on the couch and looked at the pictures, Richie sipping nervously on his wine.

"Good Lord!" Barbara said, barely above a whisper. Her body was reacting to the images, her lungs huffing out air uncontrollably. 

"Are they...okay?" Richie asked worriedly.

"Oh. No, Richie, they're...kind of amazing. I can't believe it's me!

Richie sat quietly as she looked at more of the images.

"This one, of us together...you're such a beautiful young man, Richie. I feel like keeping this next to my bed."

Richie smiled. He liked that one too. He and Barbara were doggie style, slow and delicious, an hour after the frantic first fuck. Richie was holding Barbara's arms behind her. Erin had composed them in profile, their muscles working, their faces both lost in euphoria.

"I like the way..."

"What, Richie? You can tell me."

"Remember what Kelsey said, about your...tits hanging real nice?"

Barbara smiled. "Yes, I remember. Do you think so, too?"

Richie smiled, shifting his embarrassed eyes to the picture. Barbara noticed a growing lump in his jeans. 

"These are just amazing Richie. I think we should celebrate. Would you like to see my bedroom?"

"Sure," Richie smiled. He took a long drink of his wine, almost emptying it.

Barbara took his hand and led him to her room. She turned to kiss him and caught him looking at the hooks on the ceiling.

"Don't tell me," she smirked. "Kelsey said something?"

Richie tried to fight a nervous smile, but he couldn't hide it.

"I should have known," Barbara said. She sat on the bed and pulled Richie down next to her. "What did she tell you?"

"That you like...handcuffs and stuff."

"And stuff?" Barbara smiled. "I do, Richie. What do you think of it?"

"I don't know."

"Have you ever tied up a girl?"

Richie shook his head.

Barbara moved in close, kissing him softly, nibbling at his lower lip. "Wanna?"

Her hand squeezed the hard lump in his pants as her tongue went into his mouth for the kill.

While they kissed Barbara opened Richie's pants and pulled out his cock. She had it in her mouth moments later. In between mouthfuls she mumbled out her instructions.

"I want you to handcuff me... blindfold me... hang me from the ceiling... and then take my clothes off..." 

She paused, did some more serious deep throat work on the young cock, and then she continued. 

"When I'm as naked as how you want me... I want you to tie my ankles tight... and fuck me..."

Richie was wildly turned on. His cock was as hard as he'd ever felt it. He moaned when Barbara stopped the blowjob and got up to gather the necessary supplies. "If I get too loud, stuff this in my mouth," she said, showing him the gag. Her excited eyes watched Richie as she handed him the handcuffs. "Ready, Honey?" she asked. She smiled because she sounded just like Kelsey.

Richie tucked his cock in his pants, took hold of her arms and clipped the cuffs on them. He looked into her lusty eyes one last time as he put the blindfold on her, securing it with a velcro strap. He looked at the two hooks on the ceiling, choosing the one away from the bed. Charity had let him fuck her standing up one time, and he loved it; he wanted to do that with Barbara. He helped her up from the bed, tugging her gently into place by the long handcuff chain. The chair from her makeup table was within reach, so he pulled it toward him, stood on it and raised the already moaning woman's arms up over her head, securing the chain to the hook with a metallic clatter.

Richie wanted to ask her if she was all right, but decided that probably wasn't what she wanted to hear. He thought silence might be good, and his instincts were correct. Barbara was turned on by the quiet mystery of it all.
