 "Holy Shit!"

Ryan was almost speechless, but those two words made it out. He was gazing with twinkly, lusty eyes at Margie. She giggled and twirled for him, showing off the look she'd been working on for days.

"You like?" she asked, smiling beautifully. "I figured, if we're gonna be swingers..."

It had started on Monday, right after lunch, before Alicia's car had even made it all the way out of the farm's long driveway. It was all just thinking at that point, but Margie was formulating a plan. If the partner swapping swinger thing was really going to happen with Alicia and Joey, she wanted to show them that she wasn't just a granola-eating farm girl. That's who they loved, and it wasn't a problem, but Margie had always been a little jealous of Alicia's sexy beauty. She couldn't do much about the fact that her ass was bigger than Alicia's perfect one, not right away anyway, but there was plenty she could do, and she did it.

Ryan knew about a little of it. The new haircut was a big hit — it looked natural and sexy, and he loved how it framed Margie's cute face. The armpit and leg shaving he wasn't too sure about, though. It seemed like a big character shift for her, and he wasn't sure she'd be happy with all that girly maintenance. She held off on the pussy trimming until Friday, so she could surprise everybody over at Alicia's place, but she didn't go all the way and shave it bare. Just a healthy trimming that preserved some of her 'nature girl' look but made it easier for mouths and cocks to find what they were looking for.

A trip to the mall on Wednesday got her a free lesson in eye makeup at the cosmetic counter. The bagful of little containers that she left with made her feel more like a girly girl than ever before. That same mall trip netted her two new dresses, and a drawer full of sex undies.

As she twirled and showed off for Ryan, he was stunned by the transformation. In a way he was disappointed. Not about her new look — he loved the way Margie's new confidence lit up her pretty face — no, he was disappointed Joey was probably going to beat him to fucking the shit out of his brand new sexy girl.

The dress was simple and casual, but kind of stunning, especially the way it showed of Margie's lovely tits. She didn't wear a bra around the farm, so Ryan was used to that. He loved the way her nipples hardened under a dirty t-shirt when she was trying to hang onto a recalcitrant goat, but the way her tits looked in the little low-cut dress, all fleshy and loose and jiggly, it was like a whole new world.

"God damn!" he said slowly, drawing out the syllables. "Baby, you look amazing!"

Margie smiled. "It's not too much? I mean, am I still me?"

"Oh, you're so you. I love it."

Ryan suddenly wondered if Alicia was at home making herself look special for the night the way Margie had done. He could hardly wait to find out.

—

Alicia squealed with delight when she saw Margie's new look. Joey didn't squeal, but he looked as close to it as a guy like him is likely to get. Ryan was on the verge of embarrassing exclamation, too, caused by Alicia in all her I'm-sexy-and-I'm-showing-it glory. The two couples had been friends for years, but it was a casual friendship — barbecues, pizza and wings, beers and a board game, that kind of thing. Ryan had never seen Alicia in a dress, or high heels. She wore makeup daily, but not the kind of smokey, cat-eyed look that was currently taking his breath away. The high heels and tight waisted short dress she was wearing showed off her sweet body and eye-popping ass to perfection.

"I can't believe we're doing this," Alicia said quietly to Margie.

Joey heard her. "I think we could all use a drink probably, right?"

"God, yes!" Margie said.

"Wine always calms my nerves," Alicia said. "What would you guys like?"

"Let's wine it up!" Margie said. 

The men smiled. Neither one really new what to say, so Joey asked about the tractor repair they'd talked about a few weeks before.

"You know, that same hydraulic line blew a few days ago," Ryan said. "I was covered in oil before I got it sorted out."

"Did Margie wash you in the shower?" Alicia asked. Her eyes were big with the excitement of saying something like that, something she definitely wouldn't have said two weeks before.

"No, she was busy. It was a big job, though. It would have taken both of you."

Alicia felt breathless. Ryan looked so good in his perfect fitting khaki pants and linen shirt, she just wanted to throw off her dress and jump him. She hadn't felt so powerfully turned on since she'd met Joey all those years ago.

The wine flowed freely and the conversation moved easily between the sexy and the everyday. It was new and exciting, but it felt natural and unforced. Nerves were on edge, but they were good nerves, the kind that make you feel alive. Nobody was quite sure when things would move to the next level. The anticipation was intoxicating.

"Wanna play strip Tiddlywinks?" Alicia asked.

"Tiddlywinks! Oh my God!" Margie laughed.

"I found it at a garage sale a couple days ago. I thought it'd be fun."

Alicia had tried it when she got home from the sale. It was a surprisingly easy game, once you got the hang of it, so she was pretty sure clothes would be coming off rapidly.

"Yeah! Let's do it!" Margie said. She was well lubricated by the good wine, and more than ready to start rolling around with Joey.

"Let's sit boy girl boy girl and if you get a wink in the cup the person to your left has to take off a piece of clothing. If that person doesn't have anymore clothes, you get to ask them to do something."

"Ha ha!" Margie laughed. "I think you've spent some time thinking about this!"

"Maybe. A little," Alicia smiled.

"Who needs a top-up?" Joey asked, holding up the wine bottle.

"Me please!" Margie said. "The waiters are so handsome around here."

Joey filled her glass, and topped up the other three for good measure.

"Another fine bottle bites the dust," he said.

Alicia dumped out the pieces on the low cocktail table. "There's more to this game, you can try and block your opponent by landing one of these winks on top of theirs, but I was thinking that with a strip game that'd be kind of pointless. Maybe not though. It's up to you guys."

"I vote no blocking," Margie said. She smiled wide. The wine was clearly getting to her.

"Good. We're all anxious to see how much shaving you did, Baby," Ryan said.

"Oh my God!" Alicia said. "Did you do more than your legs?"

"You'll have to tiddle me to find out."

Alicia had always been fascinated by Margie's natural body. She was the only woman she knew who didn't shave her legs and armpits, and her soft, blonde bush was thick at Kelsey's party. There was soft hair under her pussy, too, on the tender inner thighs right near her asshole. Alicia found it sexy, although, on a night when she was learning all about loving a woman from scratch, she would have found anything sexy.

Joey thought the blonde hair all around Margie's pussy was sexy that night, too. Supremely so, in fact. It got to him on a primal level, in a way he didn't expect. When he'd first laid eyes on all the soft hair he wasn't sure what to think, but he ended up loving it. Of course, if Margie had in fact shaved more than her legs, he wasn't about to complain.

The game got underway with a round of misses, but round two had a hit for both the men. Both the girls took off a shoe. Round three saw a near miss by Margie, with the wink glancing off the edge of the cup. The men both scored again.

"You guys have been practicing," Margie protested, but she was secretly glad to be whittling down her wardrobe. With no more shoes and without stockings, the next thing to go would be her dress.

Ryan and Alicia both had a hit the next time around. Alicia took off a stocking, and Joey made the girls feel better when he bypassed his shoes, taking off his shirt instead.

"No fair you wore stockings," Margie said, smiling coyly at her friend.

Margie finally scored and Ryan did the gentlemanly thing by taking off his shirt.

"I'm glad the shaving didn't get too out of control," Alicia said, giving his manly chest a flirty look.

Ryan hit, baring Alicia's second leg. Alicia missed, and then all were aware Joey's shot was a big one. He took his time, lining things up carefully, and then backed off for dramatic effect.

"Shoot it already!" Margie protested, in the midst of a full body bout of the goosebumps.

Joey smiled at her and casually flicked the wink into the center of the cup.

Margie's whole body flushed with heat, and her face and chest blushed a lovely pink. "How did I get so far ahead," she mumbled as she stood up. She reached behind herself, pulled down the zipper on her new dress, and stepped out of it. The room was silent. Brand new tiny lace panties covered her newly trimmed crotch, but the rest of her was all goosebumpy skin. Her nipples hardened right up, adding to the super sexy effect.

Luckily the wine was doing it's thing, lowering her inhibitions, numbing her a bit to the fact that she was all but naked. She sat down and wondered how the game would go. Joey clearly had the hot hand. Being to his left, she would soon have to do what he asked of her. She wasn't sure she wanted to be that person at their very first get-together, but the thrill of the unknown was exciting as hell.

She took her turn and cost Ryan a shoe. For two full rounds the girls had the hot hands — Joey and Ryan were very close to losing their pants.

Alicia's dress was next to go. She thought about giving up her panties or her bra first, but the sisterhood prevailed and she gave up the dress the way Margie had. When she sat down she realized the magnitude of it — yes, she'd been to a wild orgy the weekend before, but she was still stunned by what was happening, sitting around getting naked with casual friends. It was the exact opposite of her life up to that point. The fresh air on her skin and Ryan's happy looking glances at her almost made her faint. With nearly trembling hands she hit her shot. Joey slipped off his pants.

Alicia nearly fainted again when she saw the tent in his boxers. That's when it really hit her that the swinging thing was really happening. Her husband's hard cock was making itself known, and she was about to let her friend play with it. It was insane, and yet...it was happening!

Joey took his turn — a comically casual shot that landed square in the cup.

Margie had been having some of the same thoughts as Alicia. Is this really happening? Go to our friend's house, have some wine and fuck for the rest of the night? It's crazy! After a deep breath, she wiggled her butt out of her new panties and tossed them on her dress.

"Whoa!" Ryan said, admiring his girl's well-trimmed bush.

"Do you all have to stare?" she asked, looking more than a little uncomfortable. She looked down at her hard nipples, her muscular, farm-girl abs, and her new trim job. She had to breathe deep to fight the dizziness.

"You look beautiful, Honey," Alicia said, sounding more than a little like Kelsey. Margie smiled shyly, and gulped half her glass of wine.

"You put most of the women in this town to shame," Joey said. "There's nothing sexier than a naked woman who can toss a bale of hay."

Margie giggled, and Alicia did too. "It's true," Alicia said.

"I've always hated my muscles," Margie said.

"No way!" Alicia said.

"Yup. You've got the body I always wanted."

"Wow," Alicia said. "I think I look like a wimp. I'd love to have some muscles."

"Are you thinking what I'm thinking?" Ryan asked Joey. "The two of them together..."

"Perfection," Joey said.

"Ha!" Alicia said. "Why do guys always want to be with two girls?"

"Look at you two," Ryan said, holding an open hand out toward each of them. "I rest my case."

"Well...that's a pretty good answer," Alicia said. "I guess you're off the hook." 

"Works both ways, doesn't it?" Joey asked. "Why do girls wanna be with two guys?"

Alicia blushed again. She had no good answer for that one. Not one she wanted to share, anyway. "It's your turn, Margie. Right?" she said, hoping her embarrassment wasn't too noticeable.

Margie took aim and bounced one in off the edge of the cup. She was thrilled. Ryan would join her among the naked. He slipped off his boxer shorts, adjusted his half-hard cock and tried to act like it was no big deal.

Alicia tried to look casual, but her heart was racing. She took aim. Margie was silently rooting for her, hoping Joey's boxers would be discarded too, but Alicia's nervous energy was too much — the wink flew right over the cup.

It was Joey's turn. Margie was dizzy again, wondering what he would ask her to do if he scored. She thought maybe a girl/girl kiss. Guys like that kind of thing. Yeah, that's what I'd ask for if I was him, she thought.

She heard the click and watched the wink fly. It was a perfect shot, the best yet, settling into the cup with barely a noise.

"I want you to fuck Ryan until you cum. Cowgirl style."

"Jesus, Joey!" Alicia gasped. "I meant this part of the game to sort of ease us into things!"

"We're not twelve-year-olds hoping to get kissed," Joey said.

"Whatever," Alicia said, shaking her head, surprised and a little perturbed at her man.

"What's cowgirl style?" Margie asked, her body in full-blush, tingly goosebump mode again.

"You've never heard that?" Alicia said. "Even I know that one."

"You know," Ryan said. "Me on my back, you riding..."

"Oh," she said, giggling embarrassedly. "I thought maybe it was like doggie style, but with the guy sorta hanging over you the way a cow does."

Everyone laughed. It was good timing for a little light-heartedness, to lighten the mood.

"Shall we?" Ryan said, offering Margie his hand. Everyone was astonished that there would suddenly be fucking on the living room floor. It was the final step into the new world, and Ryan seemed more than ready.

Margie took a deep breath and blew it out fast. Her heart was literally thumping, so loud in her head she was sure the others could hear it. If she was going to carry out Joey's request, she needed to do it right away, without overthinking it.

She straddled Ryan while he was still sitting, smiling a cute wine-drunk smile. He kissed her and it threatened to go on and on, but Alicia and Joey didn't care. They sat and watched with rapt attention and unblinking eyes. Margie sighed out a deep breath when the kiss was over, and pushed Ryan's shoulders down to the rug. She closed her eyes to shut out the room, lifted her hips and guided his rock-hard cock into her very wet pussy. They were off to the races.

Margie's eyes opened again, wide and excited, when the full-body sensations of a good fuck started to build. She was sitting up proud, with her hands flat on Ryan's belly, right between her legs. It had the effect of forcing her tits together between her arms, making them look even bigger than their already nice size. The muscles that both Joey and Alicia found sexy were working — her strong thighs starting to pump, raising and lowering her, and her abs starting to tense, moving her upper body like smooth ocean waves. It was sexy as hell.

Margie was way out there in no time. The situation she was in was just ridiculously exciting — her wine-addled brain was swept away in it. She noticed Joey and Alicia taking off what was left of their clothes. All she could manage was beautiful, breathy sigh when she realized they were done with the Tiddlywinks. The childish games were over.

Joey stepped up and offered Margie his fat cock. As strong as she was, her hands were small, and they didn't even fit around the big thing. She held it in both of her hands, looked up at Joey with meltingly sexy eyes, and took it into her mouth, moaning deep as she stretched her lips around it.

Alicia was the last to join, still tentative and nervous. She stood and watched for a few moments, astonished by what was happening in her quiet, conservative house. Ryan locked eyes with her. She was drawn to him by his invisible energy. It was as if she could read his mind. She stepped over his head, facing away from Margie, and lowered herself to a squat. She almost jumped out of her skin when her pussy touched his hungry tongue. She groaned loudly when his whole mouth latched on.

It didn't take long for her to get to that sweet place where Margie was, flying on a sexual high that went beyond the norm. She got up and turned around, on her knees to better control things, grinding her sweet, juicy pussy on Ryan's face, giving her husband the two-girl blowjob he was dreaming of.

It was explosive, and yet it all felt right. Both the couples thought so. Their minds were opened to a new way of living. The physical side of it was extraordinary — better orgasms than usual, and a whole lot more of them — but the rest of it was special, too. A new freedom and confidence in their bodies, and a new realization that sex can be more than just giggly fun with your partner in a private room. It was a long, luxurious night of hedonistic pleasures, and they were all hoping it was just the first of many.

—

"Hi Margie!" 

Kelsey was waving from the door of the screened porch when Margie roared past on the big farm tractor, pulling the wide lawnmowers behind her. Margie smiled and waved at the naked girl, her own tits jiggling loosely under her t-shirt on the warm autumn day.

It was Saturday. Kelsey and the girls were home, having a leisurely day after a busy week of work. On Margie's next pass by the porch, she slowed to hear what Kelsey was yelling...

"Wanna cup of coffee when you're done?" 

Margie smiled and yelled "Yes!", and rumbled off to finish the rest of the big yard.

"Oh my gosh, I love your haircut!" Kelsey said when Margie knocked at the door.

"Oh, thanks," Margie said. "I had it cut for last night. Ryan and I got together with Alicia and Joey."

"Together together?" Kelsey asked, smiling with curiosity.

"You...inspired us, I guess," Margie said, looking a little embarrassed about it.

"That's so awesome!" Kelsey said. "So, before the party here you guys had never...?"

"Oh, no. We were all very conventional. They're married and we're not, but no kids. We got together for barbecues, had a few drinks, that kind of thing. We became good friends, but, that was all."

"And now?"

"Oh, God! Last night was just...unbelievable. And last weekend here with them was..."

Kelsey smiled. She was thrilled that the party had started something so exciting. "That's so awesome, Margie! Think of all the fun you're gonna have now!"

Margie still found the whole thing rather unbelievable. She was standing with a stunningly sexy naked porn star, about to have a cup of coffee with her, reminiscing about her new life as a swinger. So much had happened over the last month — it made her head spin.

Kelsey poured two mugfuls and put a splash of milk in hers. Brie and Charity came down the stairs when they heard the guest. They both hugged Margie, pressing their warm nakidity against her. Margie briefly wondered what they'd been doing upstairs. In her more conventional world, naked girls meant sex, but, in fact, they had been grading papers for school.

"Margie was just tellin' me about Alicia and Joey," Kelsey said.

"Oh, I liked them," Charity said.

"Char's pussy's the tightest of any of us," Kelsey told Margie, matter-of-factly. "Can you imagine what it felt like with Joey's super thick cock in there?"

Margie giggled. Kelsey spoke the truth. Margie wasn't tight in a young girl sense, but even so, Joey filled her in an unbelievably thrilling way.

"You know, I should introduce the four of you to my parents," Kelsey said to Margie. "They'd love to have two new couples join their group."
