 The holiday season was in full swing. When Charity was at home in St. Louis for Thanksgiving, Kay and Bobby had their annual Turkey Leftovers party. It was a tradition they'd started a decade ago — a day-after-Thanksgiving orgy that always featured writhing naked bodies smeared with warm pumpkin pie filling, cranberry sauce and turkey gravy. Clean up was a bitch, but everyone always had a wonderful time.

Christmas rolled around quickly. Rick and Donna's daughter Ashley loved the holiday, and couldn't imagine spending it anywhere but snowy upstate New York. The company she worked for in Manhattan was closed Christmas day and the day after, so Ashley used some vacation time in order to have the whole week at home with her parents. She flew home Friday evening, right after work. Saturday afternoon she was firmly ensconced under a blanket on the couch, reading a book.

"Are you going to call your friends and go out tonight?" Donna asked her daughter.

"No, there's nobody around."

"Lying around all week won't help with your weight loss," Donna said. "You're doing so good lately."

"I know. We need to go for walks or something. I hit the forty pound mark the other day. Only forty more to go," Ashley said, rolling her eyes.

"You don't have to push yourself that far, Ash."

"I'm going to keep dieting until guys start looking at me."

"If you think men aren't looking at you, you're just not catching them at it. I know how men's minds work. They're looking at you, with all kinds of nice dirty thoughts in their heads."

Ashley doubted it, although she was well aware of her mother's knowledge of the dirty minds of men. When Ashley was younger and started to get interested in boys she had some odd suspicions about her parents. Donna sensed it, and had a quiet talk with her in her bedroom one evening, telling her about the swinging lifestyle they enjoyed. Ashley was fascinated but frightened by her mother's calm disclosure. As the years went by she realized it wasn't the end of the world. To the contrary — her mother and father seemed more in love than most of her friend's parents.

"If you catch a guy looking at me, let me know," Ashley said, smirking smugly as she buried her nose in her book again.

Donna went upstairs to her bedroom and called Barbara...

"Hello?"

"Barb? Donna. Hey, remember when we were talking about Ashley a couple months ago? I mentioned how she had a crush on Austin in high school, and how she could use the self esteem boost from being part of the group?"

"Yeah, I remember. What's up?"

"She's home for the week, right through Christmas and into next weekend. I get the feeling she's gonna lay on the couch with her nose in a book the whole time."

"Austin will be at Bobby and Kay's on Christmas evening, for their open house party. Do you think you could get her there? Are you guys going?"

"Yes, Rick and I go every year. I already thought of that, but there's no way she'd just go to that with us. We'd have to get her involved ahead of time somehow. With the youngsters."

"I told you before, if you put Kelsey on this, she'll make it happen. She's got a way with these things. Want me to call her?"

"No, I'll do it. Christ, I ate turkey gravy out of her pussy a few weeks ago, I guess I know her well enough to ask her this!" Donna laughed.

"Oh my God, wasn't that fun?" Barbara said. "My ass was so sticky. It was like a cranberry enema with the guys pumpin' it into me like that."

"That's what you get for being a dirty anal girl," Donna said. "I gotta say, that son of yours is like Mr. Anal these days, isn't he? Did your ex have a big cock like that?"

"Yup," Barbara said. "Identical."

"Jesus," Donna said. "Ashley's gonna freak if this works out."

"Let me give you Kelsey's number..."

—

"Hey you guys! Ashley's here!" Kelsey yelled. "Come on in Ash. God, I haven't seen you since graduation, right?"

Kelsey ushered the tall brunette into the living room and took her coat. 

"What are you drinkin'? We've got beer, wine, liquor and stuff."

"What are you having?"

"We've been on an Old Fashioned kick lately. It's one of those cool old cocktails. It's like whiskey with sugar in it."

"I'll try that."

"Awesome. We get all jiggy when we drink 'em," Kelsey smiled.

"So you're living with Brie?"

"Yup, and Brie's roommate from college, and Richie Nanty. He went to Hillydale, too, but he's only eighteen, so we didn't know him back then. Do you like jailbait? He's not, but he kinda looks like it. He's really cute. Oh, and Austin. You knew he lived here, right?"

"Austin Lowe?" 

"Yeah. Didn't your mom tell you he'd be here?"

"No. She conveniently forgot to tell me that."

Ashley's blood nearly boiled when she realized she'd be seeing Austin. She went to all his soccer games in high school and day-dreamed about him often back in those days, usually under a blanket on her bed with her fingertip flicking furiously against her clit.

"Hey, Ash!" he said with a big smile as he came down the stairs. "Long time no see!"

"Hi, Austin. Jeeze, this is like a reunion or something. I didn't know you'd be here."

"Yeah, this is cool!" he said, giving her a casual hug.

"Wanna drink, Honey?" Kelsey asked. "I'm doin' a pitcher of Old Fashioned's. Are my girls comin' down? And Richie?"

"Yeah, they're just puttin' clothes on."

Ashley's body locked up tight as she stood there. She knew Kelsey grew up not wearing clothes. Everyone at school knew that. Could that crazy way of life have taken hold in the farmhouse she was standing in, Ashley wondered? With all her roommates? With...Austin?

"We're pretty casual around here usually," Kelsey said, with a twinkle in her eyes.

Nervous laughter escaped from Ashley's mouth. It was embarrassing and she blushed. She looked at Austin and her mind had stripped him of his clothes. She felt like she could barely function. The drink Kelsey was making couldn't end up in her hand soon enough.

"Here you go, Honey. See if you like that."

Ashley took a sip. The sweet whiskey cut through her dry mouth and flared into a warm flame in her throat. Another sip slid down easier, sweeter, nice.

"I like it," she said.

"Yup," Kelsey said knowingly. "Suck a few of them down and you'll get jiggy."

Ashley had no intention of getting drunk, but the third sip was even nicer — warm and smooth, and the way her nervousness was melting away was like magic. Sips four, five and six were kind of awesome.

"Let me fill that up for ya," Kelsey said, pouring the amber liquid from a tall, thin pitcher. She noticed Ashley looking at it.

"It's cool, isn't it? We got it and a bunch of cool glasses at a really awesome antique shop. The woman said it was mid-century or somethin' like that."

Brie and Charity and Richie came down the stairs. "Ash!" Brie squealed. "Oh my God, it's so good to see you!"

Ashley was excited by the reunion, too, but Richie had caught her eye. As much as she was attracted to Austin, boys like Richie were more her type — cute, cherub like boys who seemed to have an inner glow of purity.

"Hi," he said, when they were introduced.

"Hi."

Charity was shy, too, but the cocktails soon loosened things up. She did feel a bit left out, though, with all the reminiscing about Hillydale High School.

"Where'd you go to high school, Charity," Ashley asked.

"I'm from St. Louis," she said.

"Char went to Bible school," Kelsey said. "It worked like reverse psychology or somethin', though, because now that she's out she loves sex more than anybody."

"Out?" Ashley asked. "Are you...gay?"

"Fuck no!" Kelsey said, convulsing in gales of laughter. "I just meant now that she's out of that fuckin' Bible school!"

"It was an okay place," Charity said. "It just wasn't for me. And...I could be gay, if I wanted to."

"Well, you like pussy, that's for sure," Kelsey giggled, "but there's no way you're givin' up cocks. Whats that old saying? Oh yeah, here's the headline...Charity Witbro gives up cocks. P.S. Hell freezes over."

Charity blushed. She'd just met Ashley a few minutes ago, and already she was being outed as a slut.

"How about you, Ash?" Kelsey asked. "What are you into? It's all good around here."

What am I into, Ashley wondered? Is she really talking about cocks and pussies?

"Oh. Just...regular," Ashley said. She took another big sip of her drink.

"We got the full variety here, Honey," Kelsey said as she filled everyone's glasses full again. 

The conversation veered away from cocks and pussies, and Ashley was glad of it. She was enjoying herself with her old schoolmates, and she hadn't had a nice alcohol buzz in quite some time. When she was heavier, back in high school and through most of college, she could drink a lot and it didn't affect her all that badly. Having shed forty pounds, though, and pounding the sweetened whiskey the way she was, it didn't take much longer for it to send her head spinning like she'd been hit with a sledgehammer. After an hour of reminiscing she was flat-out intoxicated.

"I watched your porn," she said. "Me and Cindy used to watch it."

"Cool!" Kelsey said. "Did you guys get each other off?"

"No!" Ashley said. "...but, we sorta did...on our own...like...in the same room." She blushed and a breathy whimper escaped her when she realized what she'd said in front of Austin and Richie.

"Nice, Honey! I love it when my stuff inspires people. Got any favorites? Which guys did you like watchin'?"

"The college professor one, with that Daddy McQueen guy. And the Dickie Bigger's ones."

Kelsey laughed. "I forgot about their names. That's so funny. They're Davey and Billy. Davey's the older guy. You like older guys?"

"I...guess."

"You ever get with one, Honey?"

Ashley shook her head and blushed a little.

"I could hook you up with Davey. You could do a scene."

Ashley looked horrified. 

"Billy's super awesome, too. He's a Bible boy like Charity. His mom's a pastor. He grew up livin' right in a church."

"No way!" Ashley said.

"Yup," Kelsey said. "Totally fucked his way right outta there. His mom did, too. She got in all kinds of trouble."

"She made porn?" Charity asked.

"No, just fuckin' around with, what do you call 'em? Parishioners? She was gettin' it on all over the place, I guess."

"Whoa! And she was the pastor?"

"Yup," Kelsey said. "I kinda love it. All that puritan shit just bores me. How about you Ash? Are you comfortable just havin sex? Like, for fun?"

"Yeah. I mean, I'm not a virgin, if that's what you mean." She glanced at Austin. The whiskey in her brain made him look like a glowing god. She smiled shyly, and he did, too.

"Yeah, that's cool, but I mean, like now, we could all just play and have a nice afternoon," Kelsey said. "Would you be into that?"

If Ashley was a guy she would have popped a boner. The whiskey, Austin's glow and Richie's cherub good looks conspired, and all of the sudden a wave of warm horniness flooded her bloodstream. Kelsey could see it in her eyes.

"How about if we get Austin and Richie out of their clothes? You ever watch any of that clothed female, naked male porn? I always wanted to try that with a bunch of girls."

"That sounds hot," Charity said.

"We outnumber 'em," Kelsey said. "They can't say no. I bet they'd be super hard with a new girl here."

Ashley was speechless. What Kelsey was suggesting was so out there, she didn't even know what to think. She was amazed that Austin and Richie didn't seem to be protesting. Richie looked a little nervous and fidgety, but Austin just sat there, sipping his drink, with quiet mischief in his eyes.

Kelsey waited a few moments for the idea to settle in, in case Ashley wanted to stop things before they started, but she didn't give her long. Kelsey was well aware that too much thinking was never conducive to free-wheeling sexy fun.

"We're strippin' you, you guys," she said to the boys. "It's playtime."

This can't really be happening, Ashley said to herself. It's not this easy, is it? Get two gorgeous boys in a room and just say we're strippin' you, it's playtime? She looked around at the others and wondered — why didn't anybody ever tell me this could be done?

Ashley's eyes darted between Richie, who Charity and Brie were undressing, and Austin. Kelsey was unbuttoning his worn-out flannel shirt.

"Do his jeans, Ash," she said. "He's probably commando under there."

Ashley didn't want to seem too eager, even though she absolutely was, so she waited until the other girls had Richie's pants down before doing what she used to dream about back in high school. Her fingers flipped open the brass button on Austin's jeans and she lowered the zipper. She already knew where his cock was, long and mostly hard inside his left pant-leg. The elongated lump looked positively huge to her, but she wouldn't be sure until it was out in the open. The fly spread open as the zipper went down, showing more of the short dark hair that started up near his bellybutton.

Ashley glanced at Richie's cock, out in the air and hard. Charity's hand closed around it and gave it a stroke or two.

"Pull 'em down," Kelsey said, holding Austin's wrists for added effect.

Ashley focused on Austin again. Her mind went blank for a second, overloaded by the enormity of the situation. Austin Lowe! I'm taking Austin Lowe's pants off!

And then it was there, just like that. A foot away from her face, almost close enough to smell. The cock that had been in all those dreams all those years ago. It was more like two dreams converging, smashing into each other like an explosion — the most perfect cock in all the world, and Austin Lowe naked. She honestly hadn't expected the former to be attached to the later.

"Whoa!" she said, loud and legible. Everyone smiled at the look on her face.

"Nice, huh?" Kelsey said. "You get the honors, Honey. Suck that baby."

Ashley's brain stopped working. Her mouth opened and she was on it, absorbing its heat and hardness like she wanted to be one with it.

"Yeah, the girl's hungry!" Kelsey said.

Austin moaned. Ashley just about melted when she heard it.

"Fuck yeah," Kelsey said. "You're gonna get a mouthful to swallow if you keep that up."

Ashley moaned. She wasn't a cum-in-my-mouth kind of girl, but Austin was special.

Ashley was beautifully enthused and Austin loved a new and different mouth. It didn't take long for him to let lose a gusher. Ashley groaned over and over as she drank in the silky warmth. 

"Fuck yeah, that's hot," Kelsey said quietly as she watched with reverence. "My mom thinks it's genetic, you know, how much a person likes sex and everything."

Ashley was still working on the huge, slippery shaft, sucking Austin, and herself, down from their high, but she was listening to every word Kelsey said.

"It's cool havin' you here, Ash," Kelsey said. "The kids of swingers, you know? My mom says your mom and dad have always been smokin' hot at the parties."

Ashley blushed. It was an odd feeling, blushing from hearing some words after being unfazed by sucking a cock in front of people. But her family secret was out in the open, and it was a shock.

"So, have you played with groups and stuff?" Kelsey asked. "Gettin' into the swinger thing at all?"

"No!" Ashley said. She held Austin's cock in her hand, just inches from her face. Her drunken mind wanted to suck him off again, and take another big load in her mouth. 

"You should suck on Richie's cock," Kelsey said, recognizing the hungry look in Ashley's eyes. "He didn't cum yet."

"Come here, Ash," Charity cooed from down between Richie's legs. "Help me with him."

Ashley scooted over on her knees, stumbling a little as she went.

"Let me taste the cum," Charity said, kissing her before she could do anything about it. It was a deep, wet, hot kiss, and Ashley moaned.

Charity smiled at her when it ended. A sweet smile with a bit of the Devil in it. She had Richie's hard cock in one hand and the back of Ashley's head in the other. She pulled the two together, smiling wide when Ashley's mouth opened, engulfing the hot young cock.

Ashley got so lost in Richie's gently writhing body and tender moans that she barely noticed when Kelsey and Charity and Brie took off their clothes.

"Hey," she said in a dreamy, drunk voice. "I thought we were keepin' our clothes on."

"Did you really want to?" Kelsey asked.

"No!...But..."

"No buts," Kelsey smiled. "Just naked ones."

"Fuck," Ashley said. "You guys are gettin' me in all kinds of trouble."

"Austin wants to take your clothes off."

"He does not!" Ashley said, letting her drunk eyes drift over to him. "Do you?"

Austin smiled. It was answer enough.

"Fuck," Ashley said. "You guys are way more fun than my friends."

She took another slow lick up the length of Richie's cock, stood up and walked to Austin, picking up her glass along the way.

"Be careful what you wish for," she said to him. "I don't look like them."

"Ash, to a guy a woman's a woman," Kelsey said. "Haven't you figured that out yet?"

Ashley's intoxicated mind pondered the thought. If it was true it would change everything, but it couldn't be true, could it? Was everything her fat friends had told her not true? Do guys really not care all that much?

"What about to a girl?" Ashley blurted out.

"Same thing, Honey. All pussies are sweet, as long as you take care of yourself."

Ashley's mind race with horrible thoughts. Am I clean? Am I too hairy? Coming here was the stupidest thing I've ever done!

Then she felt Austin's hands on her, and then his soft lips kissed her on the mouth, and then her racing thoughts spiraled to a place of warm equilibrium, like she was floating on softly bouncing air. When she realized his hands were unbuttoning her shirt as he kissed her, she nearly lost her mind.

"You on the pill, Honey?"

Kelsey's words echoed, blurry in Ashley's head. She nodded. Suddenly the gravity of the situation hit her, and the voice in her head grew loud. Is Austin gonna fuck me? Oh my God! Austin's gonna fuck me!

Her kissing mouth went a little wild, and she let her hands roam on the athletic, soccer player body from her dreams. The fact that he was completely naked was crazy and wonderful. Kelsey and her house and her friends were crazy and wonderful. Life itself was crazy and wonderful.

Austin freed Ashley's tits, buried his face in them, and Kelsey pulled down her stretchy pants. Kelsey wanted to ask her why heavy girls always wear stretchy pants, but there would be time for that later. She planted her face in Ashley's hairy pussy and licked up through the juicy gap.

Ashley was a goner. Her drink was still in her hand, so she downed what was left of it in two gulps. It gave her a warm headrush that amplified everything. The next thing she knew she was on the floor with Austin, riding him like a proud and wild cowgirl. 

"Yeah!" she moaned, riding the big long cock with full strokes. "Oh fuckin' yeah!"

"That's it Ash," Kelsey said. "Fuck that boy. Your pussy looks so nice on him."

That was all it took.

"Oh, Jesus!" Ashley said, the words hissing out through clenched teeth as her body furiously fucked it's way through an orgasm. "God! she whimpered.

After the orgasm she dropped her body down on Austin and luxuriated in the feel of his cock way up inside her. It was so delicious she could hardly stand it. She could have stayed that way forever, but Kelsey had other ideas.

"Richie's hard for you," she said.

Ashley felt hands on her hips, pulling them up. Austin's long cock slithered out of her, and another one took its place. "Fuck!" she whispered, just inches from Austin's face. She looked deep into his eyes and kissed him, moaning into his mouth as Richie started to fuck her. It was the dreamiest, most extraordinary feeling — lying on a beautiful boy's warm body, kissing him while another beautiful boy fucked her. Ashley wanted her whole life to be like that from that moment on — no more work, no more dieting, no more exercise. No more anything, just hedonistic whiskey-fueled pleasure with Austin and Richie, until the end of time.
