 The alarm clock showed a time of 11:38 p.m. as Wes turned out the lamp next to his bed. He and his wife Deborah had just finished making love, and she was already fast asleep, weary from the toils that come with being a secretary and a mother of three. He was bushed, too, from another day at the rat race that was sales.

Still yet, Wes could not fall asleep easily in the silence and darkness that enveloped the room. Something was missing. They had been married for twelve years now. During all those years, he had never strayed from his vows, even with all those trips on the road. To the best of his knowledge, neither had Deborah.

They had been fortunate that they had been able to keep the fire burning over the years. With a family and the hassles that come with a career, they had always managed to set aside time for satisfying their adult urges. But with time, the carnal had become ritual. He needed something to add a new blaze to it, but what?

Sexual fantasies of various kinds had passed through Wes' mind over the years, yet one stood out -- the possibility that he and Deborah might have someone join them in their sexual play. He never brought the idea up with Deborah, assuming that she didn't stray too far off the beaten path. What would happen if he brought up the idea? How would she react? If he didn't do it right, it could stir up insecurities and suspicion. He drifted off to sleep, spinning his intellectual wheels getting nowhere.

Wes' new notion would drift off into the background with the usual daily routine. He loved sex, but so many other things demanded his immediate attention; however, an opportune discovery was about to change all of that.

A few weeks later, it was a normal spring Saturday morning. Wes shuttled the kids to their morning sports practices, leaving Deborah at home to clean house. He planned to run some errands that Deborah had given him before picking up the kids and heading for home.

In a moment of absent mindedness, Wes had forgotten to take the to-do list that his wife had prepared for him. He figured that he would stop by the house and pick up the list.

He entered the house and noticed immediately a sound, and it was not that of a vacuum cleaner. Instead, he heard the moans of a woman in a moment of pleasure. It wasn't the voice of just any woman, it was Deborah.

He sneaked up to the bedroom door, which wasn't completely closed, and took a peak. Nothing could have prepared him for what he was about to see. His wife was on the bed, nude, in a prone position. She had a Nancy Friday book in one hand and the other touching her crotch. Her ass was up in the air with a thick dildo slid in deeply.

She was almost to her climax, and as she neared her point of no return, The hand with the book eventually let the book go. She rubbed her clit at a furious pace as she prepared to feel the first wave of bliss propagate through her body.

The sight aroused Wes, but he said nothing so that Deborah would not be startled. As she came, she let out the most animal growls he had ever heard from her. As she collapsed in total satisfaction, she was oblivious to her surroundings.

Wes sneaked up to her and kissed the small of Deborah's back, causing a minor post-orgasmic shock through her body. After the initial pleasure ran its brief course, she rolled over, startled. She didn't know what Wes would think. She had guarded her fantasies from him because she did not know how he would respond to her desire to have two men. The only time she indulged in her pet fantasy was in stolen moments when no one was home.

"It's OK, hon," Wes comforted Deborah. He could tell by the look on her face that she was fearful of what he was thinking. He lay down on the bed next to her and put his arm around her. He comforted her saying, "I'm glad you've found a way to take care of yourself. To be honest, I found the sight of you in such ecstasy quite erotic."

Having trouble believing what Wes was saying, Deborah responded with a breathy and joyful, "Really?" "Yeah," Wes replied. Although he had a pretty good idea of what she was fantasizing about, he asked her what story she was reading.

Blushing, Deborah cracked open the well-used paperback to the fantasy, one about a woman being penetrated by two men simultaneously. The ink was smudged on each page near the base where the pages met the binding. It betrayed her frequent re-reading of the anonymous woman's fantasy.

Suddenly, the notion that Wes toyed with recently came to the forefront of his mind. Now a sexual encounter with more than one partner didn't seem so unrealistic.

He turned to Deborah and asked her, "Is this something you've wanted to experience?" She hesitated for a moment, but then realized that there was no sense trying to cover. She looked at Wes, nodded, and said "Yes."

Wes took her hand and said, "Hon, our sex life has been great over the years, but lately I've wondered if there was some way we could add some spice. If this is a longing that has gone unanswered, maybe we should look into making it come true."

Deborah still hadn't totally convinced herself that this was reality. She pulled herself to Wes, and whispered, "I love you." They then realized the time and then moved on with their chores.

Deborah and Wes spent little blocks of time during the next week trying to figure out how to turn this fantasy into reality without risking their own health and reputation. Neither of them knew of any friends who were into swinging, so they really didn't feel comfortable approaching any of their male acquaintances. Yet, the prospect of coupling with an unfamiliar man seemed to be so dangerous.

Finally, they decided to go on line, putting up an adult profile on a web portal and posting an ad on an on line personal service. The replies poured in from all parts.

Most of the responses were simply unacceptable to either of them. First they weeded out the guys who were just plain weird. Then out went the guys who couldn't type two correctly spelled words consecutively. Next to be eliminated were guys whose responses didn't match well with the description. After a few more rounds, they were left with no qualified men and a lot of frustration.

After a couple of weeks, the initial flood of applicants began to slow, making the screening process a little easier. One applicant seemed very promising, so they sent him an e-mail indicating their interest. They wanted to meet him in a neutral setting without the promise of any sexual activity, just to get to know him better. He didn't respond. Wes and Deborah shrugged it off as someone who was after a one night stand.

A month passed, and another couple of leads were pursued, but they failed to show up for their initial meeting. Wes and Deborah would learn a tough lesson known by many swingers, some guys just get cold feet and fail to follow through.

Finally, they received an e-mail from a man named Evan. He was from a town about 20 minutes away and was very much interested in participating in a three-way group. Skeptically, Wes and Deborah set up a time to meet, and much to their surprise, he showed up.

The initial meeting took place at a local Italian restaurant. Evan was a clean-cut single guy, articulate and amicable. The conversation over dinner was surprisingly non-sexual as they discussed discreetly their interests and thoughts.

After the checks were paid, Wes and Deborah told Evan that they would be interested in meeting with him on a more intimate basis. Evan's face lit up and said that he was very excited to join them. They agreed on a time and place, a hotel room in town on Friday of next week.

The time in between passed by quickly, and soon Wes was getting the key for the room that he and Deborah had just checked into. Both of them were anxious, yet they had been through so much to get to this point they knew there was no turning back.

They called Evan on his cell phone to give him the room number, and he showed up at 9 p.m. sharp. The room had a jacuzzi, and Wes had filled the tub with hot water first thing after he and Deborah arrived. The three of them climbed into the tub with some wine to help break the ice. Deborah sat between the men.

After a few glasses, the inhibitions were starting to wear thin. Deborah made the first move, nonchalantly placing her hands on Wes and Evans cocks and massaging them. She could feel them come to life as blood flowed into them to make them erect.

The men responded by leaning toward her to kiss her cheeks. Evan fondled one of Deborah's full breasts as Wes started to caress her pussy. The ball was finally rolling.

Evan eventually changed from fondling to sucking Deborah's nipple as a moaning Deborah humped her hubby's hand to a small climax. After all of this teasing, she was ready for bigger things.

They climbed out of the hot tub and toweled off. Deborah admired the size of both men's penises, and they were still standing at full attention. She got down on her knees and took turns sucking on them.

Deborah was a master of the art of oral sex. She knew when to salivate, when to suck, when to pull, and when to look up. She plied her trade handily with both men, alternating every couple of minutes between the two cocks. While waiting for his turn, the other man would stroke himself in amazement at Deborah's skill.

After several rounds, Deborah took the both cocks and placed them almost head to head so that she could lick them with opposite edges of her tongue. Precum dribbled off of both their bulbous cock heads, and she savored each thick, clear droplet.

Deborah was clearly in charge at this point, with both men so lost in the pleasure that they would do anything. She decided she needed some more pleasuring, so she had Evan and Wes get down on their knees. She Wes lick her pussy and Evan lick her ass. The orgasm she felt from this was so intense she nearly lost her balance.

With each lower orifice lubricated by the saliva of her lovers, she was ready to take them for her own. She first had Evan sit down on a chair, letting his cock stick up in the air, like a flagpole. She then lowered herself onto Evan's cock while she faced Evan head-on.

Once she had slid down the length of Evans manhood, she leaned herself forward to expose her ass to Wes. Wes took the tube of personal lubricant and smeared a large amount all over his cock. This would be the first time that his cock would slide into Deborah's ass, and he would be gentle. However, given that she seemed pretty comfortable with a dildo up her ass, he didn't seem too worried.

Wes fitted the head of his own lubricant slathered cock into Deborah's ass. It took several minutes to slide it in ever so gently into Deborah. Evan waited patiently for Wes to enter Deborah, and he still remained rock hard.

Now that Deborah was fully impaled by two men, she uttered a very wanton "Fuck me" to let the guys know it was their turn to do the work. They obliged, starting at a slow pace and then gradually quickening.

Deborah couldn't believe that she was finally being fucked by two men at once, and it was even better than she had imagined it from the book she read. She writhed in pleasure as the mens' balls slapped against her body.

The sex continued for half an hour, and by then, the beads of sweat were forming on their bodies. The air was filled with grunts and moans an the three labored toward the shared goal of orgasm.

Evan demonstrated a great deal of restraint, holding off until Wes was ready to blow his load. When he heard Wes' pre-orgasmic gasps, he knew it was time to let go, too. Both men pumped their pearly white load into Deborah, who was moaning out of control, even moreso than during those stolen moment with her favorite fantasy book.

After the thrusting had slowed down, Deborah planted a grateful kiss onto Evan's face. Wes pulled out so that she could dismount her new steed. Deborah turned around and kissed her husband deeply, for she knew how important it was to remind him that she still considered him his true love.

They all retired to the bed to relax and enjoy the afterglow. After innumerable rejects, they had finally found a man who was willing to show up and help give Deborah the best sex she had ever enjoyed.

As the evening drew to a close, Evan washed up and said his good-byes. Both Wes and Deborah thanked him for his help in fulfilling a fantasy, and that they looked forward to additional meetings in the future.

With Wes and Deborah alone in the room, Deborah looked at Wes and thanked him with another kiss. Looking at him sleepily, she said, "Wes, dear, I'd love to do this again, but next time I'd like to have your needs met." Floored and enthusiastic, Wes hugged his wife and just smiled.

Sometimes you get what you want by giving first.