 We've developed a 'special' relationship with Kenny and it's becoming quite satisfying for all of us. My boyfriend James has been friends with Kenny for years. Kenny used to be in a band, he was the drummer and James has told me stories of the wild parties and willing women they encountered. 

Kenny's in his late 30's but looks waaay younger, his thick dark hair, muscular chest and tight ass (yes, I've looked) are complimented by his handsome face which is always tanned and usually curled into a big bright smile. Lila is 'letting herself go'...I've seen pictures of her when she was younger, draped around Kenny, shirtless and sweaty in most of them sitting amidst his drums. Lila seemed happier in the photos, now she just seems to eat and whine, oh and nag. Kenny is gracious and doesn't seem to ever complain. James has told me how much he loves Lila and how loyal and faithful he was after getting married although he had lots of opportunities. He stayed in the band part time after getting married, but when the kids came he quit altogether. Kenny is a successful business man and I love the way he looks in a suit. I love the way he looks in ANYTHING! 

Kenny had flirted with me a little over the years and I enjoyed the attention and found him attractive but since James and I were still in the first few years of our relationship I had no need to look elsewhere for anything. James is a great lover and we've had wonderful and wild moments together but James has been avoiding licking my pussy more and more offering excuses and finally buying me a VIBRATOR! I do like the vibrator but I also like to have my pussy licked.

One summer afternoon I got off work and headed to Kenny's house. James was there with some friends enjoying Kenny's swimming pool and great yard. They had a volleyball net and when I arrived I was pleased to see Kenny had a tight little 'speedo' on and he looked HOT! James had his baggy shorts on but I had to admit he was also a hottie. I greeted Lila who sitting in the shade with a large t-shirt covering her swimsuit which was obviously too small for her. She had a bowl of chips nearby and didn't stop munching until they were all gone. I suggested we go for a swim but she offered some excuse about being sensitive to sunlight and wanted to stay in the shade. As I walked to the house to change I thought of pictures of Lila I'd seen. Her deeply tanned slender body evenly matched Kenny's back then, but now as I glanced at Kenny's tight ass she's definately 'let herself go'. I shook my head wondering if Kenny enjoys seeing his wife naked.

I was in the bathroom changing into my bikini and although Kenny and I had flirted a little before nothing had ever happened...until that day. I was changing and Kenny 'peeked in' feigning an 'oops, sorry...' as he backed out, but I was in NEED of a pussy licking and well..I smiled and asked for some 'help' with my suit and we ended up having a HOT quickie right there. Kenny did lick my hot little cunt with his very experienced tongue before giving me a nice hard fuck. He bent me over the bathroom counter and I watched in the mirror noticing him glance through the window to the 'crowd' outside. We were enjoying our 'tryst' when suddenly James walked in on us! Both of us froze waiting for the reaction. James wasn't angry, not at all. Rather, he wanted to watch offering to keep an eye out for anyone while we finished. I couldn't believe it but since I was close to an orgasm Kenny continued pounding my pussy with his magnificent cock while James watched. Kenny was close to shooting his load and when he asked 'where should I cum?' we were both stunned when James answered...'in MY mouth'! He crawled over and took Kenny's cock in his mouth sucking and licking until he'd swallowed every drop of Kenny's load. 

He'd later told me he'd always wanted to suck another man's cock and decided to take advantage of the situation rather than get angry. I understood..a litte. Kenny had commented that James had given him the best blowjob ever and agreed that although he wasn't into 'guys' he would allow James to suck his cock as long as we all kept it secret. Kenny called me this morning suggesting a 'meeting' around dinner time. I called James at work to let him know and he was thrilled. 

I spent the afternoon pampering myself with extra special grooming time. I shaved my pussy neatly trimming the little patch while I pictured Kenny's head between my thighs. The man was a sex machine! He licked my pussy sooo good and actually seemed starved for it. He told me a little about Lila and how she'd become less and less interested in sex as she got older. He also told me how much he'd wanted to fuck me over the years and how he'd fantasized about it. I don't think anyone expected James to have such a fondness and talent for sucking cock. 

We were all getting what we wanted and as I heard the doorbell I felt my pussy getting hot and wet. I opened the door and greeted Kenny with a big hug inviting him in quickly so no one would see him. James wasn't home from work yet and as Kenny settled on the sofa loosening his tie I went and got a bottle of wine and as I reached up for the glasses I felt Kenny's hands on my ass cheeks. I was wearing a skimpy little nightie and a sexy pair of panties which were completely soaked. Kenny kneeled behind me and buried his face in my pussy rubbing his lips back and forth while his tongue darted in and out giving me waves of pleasure. I braced myself against the counter as Kenny continued to lick my cunt. Aaah, sooo good. 

We went into the living room and spread out a big soft blanket over the sofa since we were gonna get sticky! I began undressing Kenny slowly unbuttoning his shirt as I peeled it open exposing his tanned chest. I left his tie on and kneeled down to undo his zipper and let his pants slide to the floor. His cock was hard and I rubbed it through his boxers feeling the firmness beneath the white cotton. I pulled his boxers down slowly as his cock sprang up finally released. I took it in my mouth sighing as I began sucking and licking him while I fondled his balls gently. I reached down to tease his asshole with my finger and felt his cock throb. I hadn't done it much but James seemed to like it lately and had been asking me to rub and finger fuck his ass. I did enjoy it sorta...the feeling of power, the feeling of giving pleasure to someone. I had learned how to control it a little getting James close and then easing off before builing him up again. We had been exploring the kinky side of sex and although I'd never imagined I'd see James swallow cock I figured since I was getting my pussy licked why shouldn't he get to suck some cock.

I heard James come in and stopped sucking Kenny's cock long enough to greet him with a smile. He didn't say much as he began to get undressed. Kenny was naked aside from his tie and told James, in between moans and groans, that he didn't have much time and had to get home to Lila soon. James suggested I let him take over the cocksucking and crawled up behind me giving my ass a few little licks as he reached around me grabbing Kenny's cock as I stood up letting him crawl into position. I climbed onto the sofa and 'sat' on Kenny's face letting his tongue explore my pussy. He wrapped his hands around my hips and pulled me down keeping his face buried in my pussy. It was heaven! I could heard James slurping and sucking and Kenny was gently thrusting and I could feel his steady rhythm as his body moved. He kept his tongue on my clit long enough to make me cum and as I gushed and writhed on his face I felt James come up behind me and give me a good ass licking too! I was grinding between the two of them and thoroughly enjoying myself. James spread my ass cheeks and pushed his tongue deep inside my ass while Kenny continued to lick my clit sending me into another orgasm. 

I let my body go limp and felt Kenny's strong hands guiding me onto my back as I relaxed into the soft cushions. I spread my legs wide as Kenny stood taking his cock in his hand while James stood nearby his cock too gripped tightly in his hand while he stroked it keeping his eyes on my pussy. I began to rub my clit while I spread my legs a little more. Kenny looked to James and before he could speak, James told him to 'go ahead' since he didn't have much time. Kenny climbed between my legs pleased at the fact that James had not only approved but encouraged his friend to fuck me 'first'. Kenny rubbed the tip of his fat cock on my pussy a little before plunging it inside. I loved it! Kenny was obviously horny and pumped me with deep strokes burying his cock all the way inside me. I hadn't noticed James had crawled up behind Kenny and was now giving his pal a supreme ass licking. I felt Kenny's cock pulse and twitch and gripped my pussy muscles around it clenching tightly as I opened my eyes. Kenny was still thrusting but his eyes were closed and he was obviously enjoying what James was doing. I could see James' hands on Kenny's ass cheeks but not much more. 

I hadn't ever seen him lick another guy's ass and wondered what else he liked to do..knowing, but still wondering. Had he fucked anyone? I told myself he was simply exploring and focused on Kenny's cock which was now fucking me so fast and hard it was obvious he was close to an orgasm. He pulled his cock out of my pussy and turned to meet James' waiting mouth. He pushed his cock into James mouth deeper and deeper and before long he was letting his load go. James took it all seeming to savor it as he licked his lips after Kenny pulled his cock away. 

Kenny leaned back exhausted and looked to me before asking if I'd had enough. I shook my head 'no' giving each of them a little pout before reaching down to rub my cunt, legs spread like a slut. I smiled as James turned me over onto my stomach. Doggie position...I pushed my ass up in the air and felt James push his cock into my swollen pussy. He fucked me nice and slow at first but then his rhythm suddenly increased. He was groaning loudly and I looked around to find Kenny....on his knees with his face buried in James ass! He was giving a little of what he'd gotten and seemed to be doing a good job. I felt James cock throb a little and then the hot sensation of his semen filling my pussy as he let go giving me a few more little pumps before pulling his limp cock from my dripping cunt. 

I didn't like it when he came inside but since he'd begun 'cleaning up his mess' I wasn't complaining anymore. James got behind me and slurped and licked the sticky cum seeping out of my well fucked cunt. I didn't like the taste, but apparently he did. Kenny was dressing slowly but watched as James swallowed as I squeezed and pushed trying to get it all out. 

Kenny was standing there silent as James and I both collapsed on the sofa, naked. He had gotten dressed but his cock was still stiff beneath his dress pants. He shook his head before saying he'd never imagined we were so 'wild'. James looked at me and smiled. I looked up at Kenny and told him I was seeing a different side of James and that this was all new to me too. James blushed a little before explaining that he had always wondered if he really liked 'cock' and that now he had the chance to find out since we were all 'in this together'. Kenny smiled before assuring James he had been enjoying everything and although he'd never tried some things, he was willing and AVAILABLE...and definately able I thought to myself.

After Kenny left James and I had a few more hours of sex, enjoying the rush of our 'quickie' with Kenny earlier. James told me he might want to try letting Kenny 'fuck' him one time. He had his hand on my pussy and felt the gush at the same time I did. He asked me if I might like to watch him do that and I told him that I couldn't argue with my pussy and since I'd become increasingly wet listening to him tell me about how much he wanted to have a big fat cock deep inside his tight asshole. I had the biggest, longest orgasm ever and wondered after if I really did want to see James bent over taking Kenny's big dick in his ass. I decided I did. Hmmm...should be interesting the next time we all meet.