 Kay's visit with me in New York was coming to a close. We were comfortable with each other and after the first night, sex between us was natural; both of us hungry; our respective passions on overdrive. For the first time in a long time I had met someone who could match my passion and drive. But still, there was much more I needed to know about Kay. I wanted to push her instinctive boundaries further; to see if she could continue to meet my demands. And I had an idea how I would do that.

I wanted to show Kay that New York was not just a city; that the state had some beautiful natural resources. I owned a small farmhouse about two hours from the city and a few days before Kay was to return to Kentucky, we drove up to spend the night. 

We arrived late in the afternoon. Kay was amazed at how rustic the area was and, in particular, my farmhouse. It's a three bedroom, bi-level A-frame I had built about ten years earlier. I spend time there in the summer when my daughter visits and in the fall, during foliage season where the mountain views from my floor to ceiling living room window is spectacular. I also let friends use it whenever I'm not there, but it was early spring and the place had been empty for over a month.

It was cold inside and I immediately got the heat going and made a fire. 

"This is so beautiful, Frank," Kay said. "You really have the best of both worlds with your place in the city and here."

And I couldn't agree more with her.

Once we freshened up a bit, we drove into town; a village really where there are a few pubs and restaurants. Many New York artists had relocated here and as a result, decent food and drink followed.

We had a quiet meal at an Italian place. Kay seemed distant. I could tell something was bothering her.

"You okay, baby?" I asked.

She smiled at me. "More than okay, honey. It's just that I know we'll be apart soon and that upsets me."

I nodded. "I know. I'm going to miss you too."

"Really, Frank?" She looked at me. "You have so much here. Such an exciting life. Why would you miss me?"

I took her hand and squeezed it. "Believe me, Kay," I said, looking into her eyes. "You are special. I would hope you would know that by now."

"I guess I do, Frank. But you can't blame an innocent country girl for being a little insecure around a handsome, worldly big city gentleman." She batted her eyelashes at me and smiled.

"Innocent? I think you've disproved that notion, baby."

"Hmmm, maybe," she said and squeezed my thigh.

"Anyway, we still have this time together. I want to make the most of it," I said.

"That sounds more than wonderful, Frank," she said again squeezing my thigh...this time a bit higher.

We got the check and drove back to the house. The heat had come up and the house was toasty and warm. There were dim lights on in the living room. Kay commented on how romantic it looked.

"Come, baby," I said, taking her hand and leading her up the stairs but not to the master bedroom; to the second bedroom, smaller and spare with just a double, poster bed in the center, a big chair by its side, and a tall, antique dresser. There were candles lit around the bed.

"Candles...but how?" Kay wondered.

I grinned. "I have my ways," I said.

"Do they light themselves, or is it magic, Frank?"

"No, the magic hasn't begun yet," I said, again with a grin.

She grinned back. "I like the sound of that," she said.

"Good, now go, get undressed and come back here," I told her.

"Naked, Frank?"

I nodded. "Yes, that's how I want you here."

"Hmmm, this is getting interesting," she said with a curious look on her face.

"I hope you will find what happens here more than just interesting," I said.

She left with that puzzled look on her face. A few moments later she returned totally naked, her body glistening in the candle light.

"Now lie down on the bed," I said.

She did as I asked, still curious about what was to come.

I went to the dresser and returned with four velvet sashes. Here eyes were on me as I returned and sat on the bed. I took her hand wrapping the sash around her wrist and then tying it to the bed post. 

"Uh oh, Frank, tying me up?" 

"I am, Kay," I said. 

"This doesn't involve pain, does it?" She asked. "I trust you, but..."

"No physical pain, Kay. I don't believe in that."

"You said no physical pain. What does that mean? Will I be hurt in another way?"

I looked at her as I fastened her other arm to the post and then wrapped a sash around one of her ankles tying it to the front post. "Well that might be up to you, Kay," I said. 

"How you react to what's to come."

"I'm so confused, Frank," she said, a somewhat worried look on her face now. "Please don't hurt me."

I finished tying her other foot to the post. She tried to move, but couldn't. She was tied tightly, but not too tight to hurt her. I bent to kiss her. She kissed me back tentatively. I stood up and headed for the door.

"Where are you going?" She looked scared now. "You're not going to leave me?"

I knew that what she was about to experience would be even more of a shock to her than when I brought Derek home that morning. I also was confident that, when it was all over, she would thank me for the experience.

I went down the stairs and into the guest bedroom off the kitchen. She was sitting on the bed, her legs crossed under her reading. When I came in she looked up. "Is everything ready, Frank," she said.

"It is, Amy, thanks for preparing the room."

"You know I enjoy this," she said, putting the book down and getting off the bed.

She was Amy Loo, a young woman who worked in an art gallery in Chelsea. I met her at an opening about a year ago. She was an artist herself; Asian, diminutive in stature, pretty, and sexually outgoing. I was significantly older than she, but she had an intelligence and maturity, especially in things sexual, that made us a good match. We were lovers; our relationship mostly only sexual though we enjoyed each other's company especially when traveling in the art world.

I had invited her up to my country house other times and she knew where I kept my spare key. I told her about Kay and what I had in mind for her. Always up for an adventure, especially sexual, Amy was more than agreeable to participate. To make it a surprise, I had her take the train and then a taxi to the house, timing it so she arrived while we are out to dinner.

She was slim with silky dark hair she curled around her ears and cut just at her upper neck. She had a tattoo on the back of her neck and others around her shoulder and belly along with multiple piercings including a nose stud and a tongue stud. She came to me, got on her toes and gave me a kiss. She was wearing just a tank top and baggy sweats which she took off and tossed back onto the bed. She was now just in the tank top, her nipples prominent through the material and a tiny thong.

"Can I meet your lady now, Frank?" She asked.

I nodded. "Yes, let's go."

I opened the door to the room, Amy by my side as we entered. Kay's eyes opened wide when she saw the girl with me. "Frank...what..."

"This is Amy," I said.

"What's she doing here?" Kay's eyes were blazing now as she noticed how Amy was dressed and that I had my hand on her back.

"That's what you will soon find out, baby," I said to Kay.

"Don't 'baby' me, Frank. Untie me now." She struggled with the sashes but couldn't release herself. "I don't like this."

I looked at her. "You're going to give up, Kay? Not even going to give it a try?" 

"No...not this...not another woman." Kay shook her head.

"She's very beautiful, Frank. A real lady," Amy said, her eyes wandering over Kay's voluptuous body. "Frank talks very highly of you, Lady Kay. You are lucky to be with him." 

"He's a son of a bitch," she yelled with fire in her eyes.

"No he's not," Amy said and then walked to Kay, bent and kissed her on the lips. "He's a sweetheart." Kay tried to avoid the kiss, but Amy wouldn't let her.

She returned to me and I wrapped my arms around her as we both looked at Kay. "What are you going to do?" Kay asked; her eyes on both of us.

Amy turned and smiled at me. I moved my hand to her waist and pulled up her tank top. She raised her arms and I pulled it off her. Now my hand was just below her breasts as I pulled her into me. She cooed as I did that and turned to kiss me.

"Damn you, Frank. You're touching her. Kissing her."

"Uh huh," I said. "And I'm going to do much more than that."

"Please...." Kay cried from the bed. "Seeing you touch her like that is torture. Seeing your hands on her...and not me..."

I moved my hand to Amy's small breast and began to rub over her nipple. She moaned and pushed into me from behind. With my other hand I cupped her thong and then slid it down revealing her bald pussy. 

Kay bucked on the bed, again struggling with her binds. She cried out in frustration and rage and turned away from us; not wanting to look. I knew that wouldn't last and I slid my fingers into Amy, the sound slick as I moved them in her. Amy squirmed on them and moaned again and Kay turned back to us. This time she said nothing while staring at us.

I pulled my fingers out and Amy took them into her mouth, sucking and licking her juices from them. And then she helped me off with my shirt. As I lifted my arms, she kissed my chest. "Oh god, Frank," Kay whimpered from the bed. "This is so cruel."

Amy licked down my belly and then unbuttoned my jeans, helping me off with them. 

And then my briefs. "Frank has the most beautiful cock. Doesn't he, Lady Kay?" Amy said as she played with it. Kissing and stroking it lovingly.

"Ohhh, let me loose, please. I won't bother you two," Kay cried from the bed. "I just can't watch this."

"Yes you can," I said bluntly as Amy began to work on my cock, getting it thicker and longer in her mouth. I stared at Kay as my hand wrapped around Amy's hair, guiding her as she sucked me. Her eyes were on me, and then on what Amy was doing to me and she squirmed. I could see that despite her anger, she was getting aroused.

Amy worked on my cock more intently, bobbing her head, moaning onto it and then I pulled out my cock and held it rubbing it over her face as she tried to catch it into her mouth again. I turned her onto her back on the big chair next to the bed and she instinctively raised her legs for me, bringing them high up on my chest. Holding my cock in my hand I began to penetrate her bald pussy. She closed her eyes and moaned loudly as I spread her. Behind me, I could hear Kay moan and squirm on the bed. 

I began to pound into Amy hard, feeling her clench on my cock. She was sucking on her own fingers and I knew she was about to cum. I slammed into her hard and lifted her off the chair. Keeping my cock deep in her, she wrapped her legs around mine and screamed as she came. 

I let her down gently back onto the chair and pulled my cock out. I turned to Kay. Her eyes were glassy and she was panting as if I had just fucked her. She ran her tongue over he full lips. "Please, Frank. Untie me now. Please give me your cock. Fuck me. Fuck me like you fucked her. I need it! Please!"

I looked at her and then grabbed my clothes. I glanced at Amy. She nodded—a silent agreement between us of what she was to do next. And then I left the room, leaving the two women alone.

"Frank?" She said desperately through the door. "Don't go....please."

Kay told me later what went on in the room before I returned. How Amy came and sat on the bed with her, trying to calm her; to get her to stop crying. How she called me names...said she didn't want anything more to do with me. That she was glad she was leaving soon. Amy stroked her cheeks and tried to reassure her that I wasn't trying to hurt her; that I was just trying to open her to new worlds...to experience new sensations.

And as she caressed, Amy bent to kiss her again. Kay told me how she first resisted; insisting she was straight. But Amy just listened and continued to kiss, until finally Kay, in her aroused state, gave in and let Amy slide her tongue into her mouth. She recalled how she could feel Amy's tongue stud as it flicked on her own tongue and the strange sensation of kissing another woman.

Amy talked to her all the time, telling her how beautiful and sexy she was and then slid her lithe body onto hers. Kay described to me how it felt the first time another woman's breasts were on hers. How Amy's kisses on her neck were especially erotic. And then Amy's hands were on her breasts and how she touched and then kissed them were unlike anything she had ever experienced with a man. And while she played with her breasts, Amy slid her thigh between hers making the feeling even more incredible.

And then her tongue was dragging down Kay's belly through her dark thatch of hair. Kay admitted that by then, she was as hot as she could ever remember. Wanting more of whatever Amy had to offer.

I returned, wearing only a robe, to see Amy's head buried between Kay's legs and Kay arching up as far as the bindings would allow her, moaning loudly in pleasure. She was in another world and didn't even notice as I came to the bed and untied her wrists first and then her ankles. When she realized she was free, she first lifted her legs higher, wrapping them around Amy's upper back and with a free hand caressed and pushed on Amy's head. Her moans as loud as I had ever heard from her.

I took off my robe. My cock had grown quickly at the sight of Kay in rapture, and I moved back to her, my hand caressing her forehead and hair.

"Ohhh, Frank, this is amazing," she muttered, a dazed, almost drugged-look on her face. 

I bent to kiss her and she kissed me hard, moaning at what Amy was doing to her.

She positioned herself closer to me and quickly took my cock in her hand and then deep into her mouth. She bobbed on me wildly as I saw her turn that shade of red; cumming hard from Amy's expert tongue. 

She pulled off me for a moment to catch her breath. "Wow!" she panted.

Amy looked up from between her legs and smiled. 

"She's so delicious. So sensual, Frank," Amy said as she came up and kissed us both tenderly and then quietly left the room.

Without any talk, I spread Kay's legs wide and slipped my cock into Kay's very wet pussy. Those green eyes that were raging at me earlier, were now compliant, needy as I began to fuck her.

"Mmmmm, Frank," she muttered as I stroked in and out of her. "I'm so fucking hot and turned on now. How do you know? How do know how to push my buttons like this?"

"Ssshhh," I whispered. "No talk. Let me get to work here."

"Oh yessss, I love the way you work."

She wrapped her legs around my back, clenching onto me hard as she turned red, cumming violently once again.

She knew I hadn't cum inside her and insisted on cleaning my cock with her mouth again and then getting on her hands and knees.

"Fuck me from behind, Frank," she said eagerly. "I want to feel your balls slapping against me."

Who was I too argue? I slammed her from behind until, this time, both of us came in unison.

We collapsed together after that, falling asleep on the small bed.

I was surprised to see that Kay was not in bed when I woke up. It was morning. I was the early riser, usually waking up well before her. I got up, put on my robe and went to the bathroom. She was probably downstairs in the kitchen, I thought. I went down the stairs. The kitchen was quiet. And then I heard something from the side room.

The door was open to the guest room where Amy was staying. I peeked in to sees Kay poised between Amy's legs, her mouth suckling at Amy's bald pussy. Amy had one leg around Kay's shoulder and was moaning audibly, a hand on her own breast.

"Well, well," I said, making my appearance obvious.

Kay looked up from between Amy's thighs with a sheepish expression. "You're not mad, are you, Frank?"

I laughed. "Not at all. This was what I hoped would be the result of last night."

"I just had to taste her," Kay said. "To see what it was like."

"And what do you think?" I asked.

"Ohhh, god, amazing," she said.

"Thank you," Amy said with a smile. "But I was getting very close before you started talking so please go back to what you were doing, Lady Kay."

"Mmmm, gladly," Kay said as she lowered her face to Amy's pussy again and began to use that very talented tongue.

"I'll leave you two to your fun then," I said.

"No, Frank, don't leave," Amy said. "Your cock is always welcome, right, Lady Kay?"

Kay just nodded between Amy's legs and I moved to Amy who quickly began to massage and lick at my cock. Kay peered up and moaned into Amy's pussy as she saw what Amy was doing to me.

Amy pulled off my cock, arched her head back. "Oh gawwwwwwwd," she wailed loudly, Kay's ministrations driving her to a violent orgasm.

Kay kept licking at Amy who was still writhing on her bed. She reached down and pulled Kay up to her, kissing her hard. "Oh, Lady Kay," she said. "you are so beautiful..."

"Awww, honey, you're the beautiful one," Kay said. 

"Hey while you two are sweet talking, this cock is getting bored," I said with a grin, gripping my still hard cock.

"Ha, we can't have that, Frank," Kay said. "Can we, Amy?"

"Not at all. Do you want the pleasure of accommodating him, Lady Kay?"

Kay smiled. "Hmmm, I'll have that pleasure later, hun. Right now I think I want a little more of what you gave me last night. I don't know when I'll ever get that again."

With that she straddled Amy, moving up to her face and then over it, her hands in Amy's hair. "Mmmm, I think I have no problem with that, Lady Kay." And then Amy flicked her tongue up, fluttering it onto Kay's damp pussy. As she did, I moved between Amy's legs, Kay's back to me, and eased my cock into her. Her face was no longer visible from my position, but I could hear her groan as I spread her.

Kay's moans were picking up as well as Amy buried her tongue into her. While I fucked Amy, I reached out to Kay, and cupped her big breasts with my hands. She arched back into me, riding Amy's tongue as I pulled on her nipples and kissed at the back of her neck.

The three of us were on the bed, our sounds echoing throughout the quiet house. Soon the momentum built even more and Kay cried, her body shaking as she came on Amy's tongue. Amy sensing Kay's orgasm, locked her legs around me and I knew she too was close. Pounding into her, feeling the cum rising up my loins once again, I filled her with my seed as she clenched on my cock.

We showered, had breakfast together, took a long walk outside in the chilly early spring air and then got back in my car and drove back to the city.

After we dropped off Amy, Kay began to cry.

"What's wrong, baby?" I asked.

"I don't want to leave you," she said. "What will I do by myself without you? I've loved being with you. This has been pretty much the most exciting time of my life and I don't want it to end."

"It's not going to end, baby," I said. "There's no way I'm losing you. We'll make it work. I promise."

Still, Kay was melancholic the rest of the evening; our lovemaking uncharacteristically gentle. 

The next morning I drove her to the airport. "I'll never forget this time," Kay said as she waited in line at security. "You've made me very happy, Frank."

"I'm glad," I said. "But believe me, this is just the beginning."

She kissed me quickly and went through security. I watched her for a few moments and then went back to my car, wondering really where, and how this would all end.