 Hi everyone,

Sorry it's taken so long for me to finish this chapter. I've had it written for a while now, but between life and lack of motivation, it took a while to get it edited. Big thanks to signorecalcio for helping with the final edits, and of course Captain_Ron for writing the original story, and giving feedback on this one as well.

Enjoy!

*****

After that night spent in the backyard with the beach, I could tell Kevin was much more comfortable about interactions between the guys and I, and to be honest, I felt more comfortable as well.

When I first moved in with the guys, they all told me to make myself at home, but I really didn't. At my place, I would often wear next to nothing around the house, but with the guys, I usually wore the same kinds of outfits that I would wear when I left the house. In fact, I even put on makeup most of the time.

That all ended after the beach night. The very next morning, I woke up, took a shower, and made breakfast just like I would have at home. And by that, I mean that I didn't bother putting any clothes on. Of course the guys noticed. By the time I was done making breakfast, all of them were watching me, but I tried not to pay attention to them.

I also decided that there was no reason for me to take separate pictures for Kevin. The guys had seen enough of me that nothing I sent Kevin would be new to the other guys. So whenever I took a sexy pic, like after my shower, playing with my favorite dildo, or maybe even just lying on the bed with my legs spread waiting for Kevin, I sent them to the guys too.

Besides those two changes, nothing really eventful happened between the beach night and Jeff's call the next Friday.

"Alright, see you then!" I heard Jeff say, before hanging up the phone, as I came out of my room. I had just gotten home, and changed into a typical lounge-at-home outfit: my favorite white tank top and a pair of pink boyshort panties.

"Who was that?" I asked casually, sitting down next to him on the couch.

"Oh, just my ex," he replied. He pretended not to notice my lack of pants, but I caught him glancing at my legs.

"So you're going to be seeing her again?"

"Well," he said, hesitantly. "She said she's in town for a few days with her new boyfriend, and said she wants to hang out while she's here. So, I invited them over for dinner tonight."

The front door opened, and Matt and Shawn came inside. I waved at them, and they waved back.

I turned back to Jeff. I could tell he wasn't really into the idea, so I asked, "How do you feel about that?"

"I'm not really sure. I mean, we broke up on good terms, but I think it will be a little awkward. I haven't had a girlfriend since, but I don't want her to think I'm not over her or anything, you know?"

I nodded. I completely understood what he was going through. In the past, I had been through some similar relationships. I could tell that Jeff just wanted Sara to know he was over her, so they could get on with their lives. 

Shawn overheard our conversation, and said, "Wait. Did I hear that right? Sara's coming over tonight?" Jeff nodded. "And you're worried about her thinking you're not over her?" Jeff nodded again. "Well, I've got the perfect idea!"

"Yeah?" Jeff said, with a skeptical tone. Matt came over to hear what Shawn had planned.

"Yeah," Shawn said, taking a seat beside me. "What if you had a girlfriend for her dinner tonight?"

"Well, that would be awesome, but I've been trying to find a girl I like for a while. I don't even have anyone that I could ask if I wanted to."

"Sure you do," Shawn replied, looking at me.

Jeff didn't understand at first, and neither did I. He looked at me, and suddenly it clicked. "What? Elise can't be my girlfriend. She's dating Kevin."

"Yeah," Shawn replied, "but Sara doesn't know that. What do you think, Elise?"

"You mean pretending to be Jeff's girlfriend?" I asked, still a little confused. Shawn nodded. I thought about it for a few seconds. I did enjoy acting, and it's not like we'd be having sex or anything; it was just dinner. So, I turned to Jeff and said, "I think that's a great idea!"

"Would Kevin be okay with that?" he asked. He seemed surprised at my willingness.

"Oh, um," I said. I hadn't even thought about asking Kevin first. "I'm guessing he would be. We can ask him when he gets home."

I grabbed my phone and texted him, "Hi Babe :) Almost done?"

He texted back a few seconds later, "Yep"

I replied, "Cool! Come right home if you can. Need a favor."

He replied, "Sure. See you soon."

I turned back to Jeff. "He's almost done with classes. He'll be home soon." Shawn and Matt had already retreated to their rooms.

"Awesome," Jeff replied. "Look, Elise, you don't have to do this if you don't want to."

"What?" I replied. "Why wouldn't I want to do it? It's just a little acting."

"Yeah, I guess so," he replied, but he didn't seem too sincere.

"So, why did you and Sara break up?" I asked. I figured if I was going to be Jeff's girlfriend, I needed to know as much as I could about him and his relationship with Sara.

"Oh. She moved away for college, and didn't have a car. You know how those things are, right?"

I nodded. A similar thing had happened to me, in fact. When I left for college, I broke up with my boyfriend. Of course, part of it was also that I met Kevin, but my ex didn't need to know that.

We made some more small talk, getting to know each other as best as we could, until Kevin arrived. I greeted him at the door, with a hug, and led him into the living room.

"Hey, what's up?" Kevin asked, after taking a seat.

"You remember Sara, right?" Jeff asked.

"Yeah, of course I remember Sara," he replied.

"Well, she gave me a call earlier. She's in town for a couple days with her new boyfriend and wanted to see me, so I invited them over tonight." Jeff said.

"That's good, right? She was a good friend and we haven't seen her in ages. It will be fun to catch up on things," he replied.

Jeff sighed, "Yeah, it's good I guess. But she has a boyfriend now, and I don't want her to know that I've been single ever since the breakup."

"Well, you have a good excuse. You're in college. Just tell her you're dating around and don't want anything serious," Kevin said.

Jeff shook his head, "I don't think she'd buy it. She knows me too well."

"So what's this favor, what do you want me to do?" Kevin asked.

I figured it would be better if Kevin heard it from me, so I said, "Well, Jeff and I were talking and we thought that maybe I could be his pretend girlfriend for the evening while Sara's here."

He didn't really acknowledge what I said. Instead he looked back to Jeff and said, "Sara's cool, I don't see why you need to make up a story."

"I know she's cool, but I don't want her to pity me. It will be awkward and she'll worry that she broke my heart and I can't get over her. It's not true of course, but that's what she'll believe." Jeff explained.

"So you want Elise to be your girlfriend for a couple hours," he said. He didn't seem to be enjoying the idea.

"Come on, it will be fun," I said, trying to convince him. "Just like acting. You know how much I love acting. I was in the drama club in high school and everything."

Kevin shrugged, "Whatever, okay I guess." 

Jeff smiled as I clapped my hands. I was excited about the idea. Kevin didn't seem to feel the same, but at least he was receptive to it.

"This is going to be really fun," I said. "First we need to get our stories straight. Sara might ask us some personal questions."

Jeff thought for a moment, then said, "You're right. Okay, well we can just go with the story of how you and Kevin met. I was there so we can just replace Kevin with me."

"Yeah, good idea, that should work," I said. "Plus I've known you pretty much as long as I've known Kevin so there shouldn't be too many surprises."

Jeff and I worked out the details of the story, and a few other points about our fake relationship. Then, I turned to Kevin. "There's one more thing."

"Okay, what?" he asked.

"Well," I said. I was nervous about what I was about to say, but it needed to be said. "To be convincing we may need to be a little affectionate."

"Affectionate, huh?" he replied. He was very skeptical of the idea. "This is sounding more like Jeff is trying to make Sara jealous."

"Well, maybe a little bit, Elise is probably the prettiest woman I've ever met," Jeff admitted.

"Aww, you're so sweet," I said, placing a hand on his arm.

"So how much affection are we talking about here," Kevin asked.

"Not very much," I quickly said as Jeff nodded. "Maybe just a little hand holding, or a hug, maybe a quick kiss. Not too much. It will be no big deal."

Kevin looked back and forth between the two of us. After a pause, he took a deep breath, then said, "You're going to owe me big time for this."

Jeff smiled broadly, "Yes! You're the best friend a guy could ask for."

"Yeah, yeah," Kevin replied, "Don't make me regret this."

I got up and gave Kevin a big hug and kiss, then said, "This is why I love you so much. You really care about your friends. Tonight will be fun, I promise. Just pretend we're acting in a movie. I promise things won't get out of hand. Shawn and Matt are in on it too, so they will be playing along.

"They're going to be here soon," I said as I stood. "I better get dressed for my starring role."

When I got to the bedroom, I stripped out of the clothes I had just put on, and dug through my dresser. I picked out a bright red thong, and the matching lace bra. I put them on, then went to my closet to pick out the rest of my outfit.

First, I put on a black dress, but that felt too fancy. Then I put on a pink t-shirt and jeans, and looked at myself in the mirror. I wanted to be comfy and casual, but I also wanted to look good, so Sara was a little jealous. I decided to keep the t-shirt, but swapped the jeans out for a white mini-skirt that came down to about mid-thigh.

I looked back in the mirror and I was much happier with this outfit, but I noticed that I could see a bit of the red thong beneath the white skirt. I looked in my dresser for a white pair, but they were all dirty, so I sat down on the bed, reached up my skirt, and pulled the thong off. It wasn't like anyone would know anyways, right?

I took one last glance in the mirror, put my hair up in a ponytail, and applied a little more makeup, before returning to the living room. Kevin was sitting in the same spot, and Matt and Shawn were sitting nearby. Jeff was pacing, and looking at the clock.

"They'll be here any minute," he said to no one in particular.

Shawn and Matt were getting a kick out of Jeff's nervousness. "You must still be really hung up on this girl to be this stressed out," they joked.

The doorbell rang, Jeff took a deep breath and went to answer it. Kevin went with him to greet Sara. A moment later, they all came inside. 

Sara looked great. I hadn't ever met her before, but Kevin had talked about her a couple times. She was tall, with straight black hair that reached down to the middle of her back. I could see her long legs beneath the short sun dress she wore.

Sara's boyfriend followed them in. He was thin and rather average looking, but seemed friendly.

Jeff made the introductions. "Sara, Scott, these are my other roommates Matt and Shawn," he said motioning to the guys. "And this is my girlfriend Elise."

I welcomed Sara and Scott with a big hug. "It's so good to meet you!" I smiled.

Sara seemed slightly surprised that Jeff had a girlfriend, but returned the embrace and remarked, "It's great to meet you. Jeff's never mentioned you before."

"Oh, really?" I replied, looking at Jeff. "Well, he forgets to mention those kinds of things sometimes." I slapped his arm playfully, and Sara laughed.

Shawn and Matt said their hellos then excused themselves to the backyard beach so the five of us could catch up.

Sara sat on the sofa with Jeff, while Scott and Kevin each grabbed a free chair. I was ready to start acting, so I decided to sit on Jeff's lap. As I sat, I put my arm around him and smiled. I sat like that for a few minutes, but I was uncomfortable. So, I lifted myself a bit, and shifted a little.

As soon as I was comfortable again, I saw Kevin shoot me a quick look, before he stood up and asked if anyone wanted drinks. He took everyone's orders and left to the kitchen.

"You two catch up," I said, climbing off Jeff's lap. "I'll help carry in the drinks."

I followed Kevin to the kitchen and said, "What's wrong? You look annoyed. All I did was sit on his lap. That's completely innocent and I thought that's what a girlfriend would do, right?"

"Where are your panties?" he asked.

I blushed. I must have flashed him while I was adjusting. I hoped I didn't flash anyone else.

"It's not what you think," I said. "All my white panties were dirty, and I couldn't wear the colored ones because they'd show through the fabric and I really wanted to wear this skirt because it's cute but not too sexy."

Kevin didn't look like he was believing me, so I tried to convince him. "Honest," I said, holding my hand up as if taking an oath. "I'm not doing it for Jeff. Not directly anyway. I'll admit it does make me feel sexy and a little naughty doing it in front of his old girlfriend, but that will just help me be more convincing in my role. We're just acting right? I just want to be realistic for Sara. New girlfriends sometimes act jealous or possessive around old girlfriends and might try to show off."

"Okay, it's fine," he said, finally. "Just please be careful, you already flashed me once. I don't want the whole neighborhood knowing you're going commando."

I smiled, glad he was okay again. I decided to add some icing on the cake, just in case he was still upset. I turned my back to him, and leaned forward against the counter, bending over at the waist a bit.

"So I shouldn't do this?" I giggled, as I flipped up the back of my skirt, showing Kevin my bare ass. He looked at it and smiled.

Then I stood back up, grabbed a bottle of Kevin's high proof rum, and poured a shot. I felt the fire in my throat as I quickly downed it. "Wow, that burns," I said, wincing.

"Hey! Careful with that, you'll be blitzed before you know it," Kevin said, taking the bottle and putting it away.

"I just need to loosen up a bit," I said. "I think it will help me be more realistically affectionate. It feels really weird being with Jeff while you're sitting there."

"Yeah, well, let's not get too realistic. Watch the drinking," Kevin said.

I giggled again, and said "Don't worry. I'm going to have lots of fun tonight acting, but you're going to get all the benefits later."

We took the drinks back to the living room and I returned to my spot on Jeff's lap, this time being a little more careful with my skirt. After getting comfortable, I gave Kevin a quick smile before returning to the conversation.

"So, tell me how you guys met?" Sara asked. "I know so little about Elise."

Jeff started telling the story of how Kevin and I met, replacing himself for Kevin, and when he forgot some details, I filled them in. I wasn't sure if Sara and Scott were buying it, but we definitely did our best. 

When we finished, Sara smiled and put her hand on mine, and said, "That's so sweet, I'm so happy Jeff found someone like you."

I returned the smile, and asked, "How about you and Scott? How did you two meet?"

Sara blushed a little, before saying, "At a party, but our story is a little embarrassing to tell. I think I'll need a drink first."

"I know just the thing!" I said, and jumped off Jeff's lap again. I sprinted to the kitchen, and prepared another shot of the rum. I returned to the living room with the bottle and the shot. I handed the glass to Sara, and said "I was a little nervous about tonight too and I think this is helping."

Sara took the shot and made a funny face, "God that's awful."

I laughed, "I know, right!" then poured another glass and downed it.

We talked a bit more, and between the shots and the wine coolers, I was feeling much more relaxed. I had no trouble being affectionate with Jeff. I was trying to be careful with my skirt, but I think I may have flashed Scott a couple times by accident.

After a bit of talking and laughing (and drinking), I prompted Sara again, "Are you ready to tell your story yet?"

"Yeah, sure," Sara replied. It looked like the drinking was starting to loosen her up too. "So we were at this party my friend was throwing. She can be a little wild at times and likes to drag people along. She had her eye on some guy and decided to see if she could catch him with a party game. So she pulls up this app on her tablet and starts pairing people up to play. No one really had much say in who their partners were, my friend just grabbed people at random then took the guy she liked for herself."

Sara paused for a moment to take another sip of her drink then continued, "So anyway. I got paired up with Scott who I'd never met before. The game, I guess, was like a truth or dare game, you enter the number of people, their names, their sex, who they're a couple with, and then it automatically chooses a truth or a dare for everyone in turn."

So far, everything in the story sounded pretty tame, but I had a feeling I knew where it was headed.

"The game started innocently enough," Sara continued, "you know, little things like revealing your favorite sex position or kissing your partner for 10 seconds. Things like that. But there's a 'sexy' setting on the app and as the game went on, my friend moved it to maximum."

I was very intrigued by this app Sara was talking about. So I asked her, "What does maximum do?"

She blushed, before saying, "Well let's just say after enough drinks and enough rounds of the game people were naked and sucking dick in front of everyone and didn't care in the least, me included. I'm not sure if there's anything we didn't end up doing that night, and a bunch of it we haven't done since. Even after the game was finished and the party was over, we still screwed like rabbits until morning. It was crazy."

As soon as Sara said "naked and sucking dick" my mouth dropped open in surprise. I didn't close it until she was done. "Wow, I've never been to a party like that," I said, still speechless.

"After that," Sara continued, "Scott was kind enough to ask me on a date. He took me to a nice restaurant and we had a great time. We've been together ever since."

"What a crazy story," I exclaimed. "That sounds like such a wild party!"

"Do you want to see the app? Scott has it on his phone. We can do a round or two on mild if you want to get the idea of it."

"Okay sounds like fun!" I said cheerfully. I was very interested in this app. I had played truth or dare a couple times before, but everyone always chose truth, or gave lame dares. I figured the app would take the human shyness out of it, and make it much more interesting, even on mild.

"Before we start, I need to go to the bathroom," Sara said. Kevin stood and showed her to the bathroom. 

I followed him, and when he turned a corner, I said, "Isn't Sara great!" I think I surprised him a little.

As we walked back to the living room, he said, "Yeah, this game is going to be great fun." I could tell he was being sarcastic.

"Don't worry," I reassured him. "It's on mild. And if something is too naughty we'll just pretend to do it. That's what I told Jeff. Everything will be fine. No big deal, you'll see."

We returned to our spots, and a few moments later, Sara returned.

"Sorry, Kevin," she said, while Scott set up the app. "I know this won't be much fun for you since we're playing in couple's mode. We'll just do a round or two then stop so you don't have to watch us for long."
