 My wife, Melissa, is amazing. She is fun to talk to, really smart, and on top of that, she is smoking hot. I met Melissa during my third year of college. It was Melissa's first year, and she was letting loose. Our exclusive relationship didn't start until late in my fourth year. 

When I met her, she wasn't looking to be in a relationship. She wanted to experience as much of college as she could. Melissa wasn't what I would call a slut, but she definitely got out there with multiple guys, myself included. Toward the end of her second year she was calming down, and when I asked her to be exclusive, something finally clicked. We had already been dating on and off throughout her first two years, so it wasn't a stretch. 

Sex with Melissa was great, but as soon as I knew I was the only guy banging her, sex somehow got better. It wasn't that she was doing different things, though we did experiment. There was just an emotional connection that wasn't there before.

After I graduated, I stuck around to work on my graduate degree. It worked out perfectly that, assuming that Melissa and I passed everything, she would finish her bachelors at the same time as I finished my masters. 

We moved into an off campus apartment together. The road was rocky. Like every relationship, there were ups and downs. 

During our second to last semester, I went to a job interview out of town. If they liked my presentation, I would be offered an internship once I graduated. When I got back, Melissa threw her arms around my neck the moment I walked through the door. She immediately started crying uncontrollably. 

When I finally calmed her down enough to talk, she told me, "I screwed up real bad, Ben."

"What did you do?" I asked with a concerned tone. 

"I cheated on you. I got drunk at Tammy's house and..." was all she could get out before her sobbing returned. 

Anger welled up inside me as I listened to her stutter her way through her story. She had gotten drunk at her friend's apartment and had a threesome with Tammy and her boyfriend. 

"Please forgive me," she begged. "I don't want to lose you. I made a mistake." Tears were streaming out of her puffy red eyes and down her face. The rage that had begun welling up inside me started to fade. It was replaced by disappointment. I wrapped my arms around her and pulled her in. 

"Why would you do something so stupid?" I asked irritated and hurt. I didn't wait for a response. "I need to get out of here. I'll be back later." I let her go and left. I returned after an evening of heavy drinking, forgave her, and told her that she had better never do it again. 

Her family lived on the other side of the country, so, up until our last semester, I had never met them. Her parents were divorced and she had a younger sister she always referred to as "my kid sister." Melissa's sister, Felicity, was in her senior year high school when I met her and their mother, June. I had asked Melissa to marry me, so for spring break, we flew out to see her mom and sister to tell them the news in person. 

I was blown away by how much Melissa looked like her mother. June was a gorgeous woman, and it was obvious why Melissa was so good looking. Felicity was on her way to being a stunning young woman as well. The eighteen year old girl had a flirtatious air about her when we met. It was very subtle how she bit her bottom lip when she shook my hand. 

The good part of this story started when Melissa and June had planned a mother-daughter spa trip and weren't going to be back until the next morning. I didn't mind, because I had some work I desperately needed to get done for one of my classes. I was sitting in Melissa's room typing away at my laptop when there was a knock on the door. 

"What are you up to," Felicity asked. I turned around to see the young high school student in a bikini with a towel wrapped around her waist. Something about her slender form was very arousing. I stumbled a bit with my words for a moment. 

"Oh. I'm just working on this paper for school. I guess you are going for a swim?" I managed to finally get out. 

Felicity smiled knowing she had gotten the reaction she had wanted. "Yeah I'm gonna go lay out by the pool. Do you wanna come? It's a nice day out." 

"I uh...I may come out a little later. I really need to get this done." I coughed out. I wasn't sure what was going through my head at that moment, but I knew I needed to get my head on straight and stop talking like a bumbling fool. 

"Suit your self. I'll be out side when you change your mind," she said. Her choice of words had implied that there was no chance that I wouldn't join her. She was right of course, but I'll get to that in a bit. 

As I continued working on my paper, I could see Felicity reaching the lounge chair by the pool through the window. She unwrapped the towel from her waist and and draped it across the chair. I swore I saw her look up toward the window before she reached behind her back and untied her top. She lifted the halter straps up and over her head exposing her small perky tits. She knelt into the lounge chair and laid down on her stomach. The thong bikini bottom ensured she would have minimal tan lines. Her exposed butt cheeks were two small bubbles. My cock grew rigid in my pants as I watched my fiancée's kid sister lay out in the sun. I shook my head after about half of a minute when I realized I had zoned out. I looked back to my computer screen in an attempt to clear my head. Ten minutes passed. I came to the conclusion that I was not going to accomplish anymore at that moment. I had not written anything since Felicity had knocked on my door. I closed my laptop and changed into my swim trunks. 

Felicity sat up pulling the towel up with her as I walked up to the poolside. 

"Don't want tan lines?" I asked as I took a seat on the chair beside her. 

"No. Prom is in a few weeks, and my dress has a deep back," was her reply. She reached down to pick up her bikini top. Felicity spun in the seat to face away from me and let the towel fall in her lap as she put her top back on. When the strings on her back were tied she stretched out on the lounge chair. "So, you decided to take a break," she said. More a statement than a question. 

I reached behind my head and scratched. "Yeah. I really couldn't focus on what I was doing. I think my brain was starting to melt," I answered chuckling. Felicity laughed along with me. "What are your plans for today?" I asked.

"Well," she replied, "I don't really have anything I want to do this afternoon. My friend, Tiffany, is having a party tonight, so I'm gonna head over to her house around nine."

"That sounds fun. I remember high school parties. The ones I went to got pretty crazy," I told her, finally stretching out on the lounge chair I had been sitting on. "I was a wild one before I settled down."

"Oh yeah?" she said, her interest piqued. "Tell me about it."

"Well, I was a pretty heavy drinker, and when I drank, I did some pretty stupid stuff. I'm not very proud of it," I replied. 

"You should come with me. There's no reason for you to stay here in the house all alone. It's Friday. Staying in on Friday night is super lame," she prodded. 

I quickly replied, "I really don't think it's a good idea for a twenty-four year old guy to go hang out at a high school party. Besides, I have work I need to get done." I must have subconsciously formed an expression on my face that said, "Convince me."

"Tiffany's BF is in college. He is inviting a bunch of people he goes to school with, so there will be other older people there," she stated making her case. "Besides, if you are here all alone, I'll feel really bad. You don't want me to have a bad time at the party because I'm worried about you, do you?" She gave me her best sad puppy impression, and it was good. 

I paused for a long thoughtful moment before I groaned out, "I guess I'll come along." I followed it up with, "But, I'm only going because I don't want you to have a bad time."

"Great!" she exclaimed. "You won't regret it. We are gonna have a blast."

"Well, I'm gonna jump in the pool," I said standing up. I peeled off my shirt and dropped it in the chair before diving in. 

As I started doing laps, I saw Felicity taking the straps from around her neck and placing them deliberately across her flattened out breasts. She, apparently, did not want tan line on her shoulders either. I felt like if I had not been there, Felicity probably would have just been topless.

After I had been swimming for about ten minutes, the water around me started lapping over my head and up my nose. I stopped swimming and looked behind me. Felicity had jumped into the pool a couple of feet away from me. She emerged from below the surface and wiped water from her beautiful smiling face. She was laughing fairly hard, happy with herself for successfully disrupting my swim.

"Oh, you think that's funny, huh?" I said laughter in my tone. "What about this?" I used my arms to push a large wave of water at her face. She let out a scream of laughter and raised her arms to protect herself. 

We laughed and played and splashed around for a while. My fingers were just about to start to prune up when we got out. I let Felicity climb out on the ladder ahead of me. Her tight bubble butt looked even better up close. Her red thong bottom barely covered her asshole and pussy. I followed, climbing out after her. Felicity bent over to pick up her towel. Once again, giving me a full view of her sexy ass. She turned around catching me in the act of checking her out. She gave a sly smile and glanced down at the bulging hard on that was growing in my trunks. Her eyebrows arched as she saw what I was packing. I quickly wrapped the towel around my waist to cover up, and she did the same. We shared the awkwardly arousing moment in silence. As we gathered up our things and went back into the house. 

Felicity and I went back to our rooms to shower. When I was done getting dressed, I went down stairs and started cooking up something for the two of us to eat. Felicity came down dressed in a pair of short shorts and a spaghetti strap tank top. 

"And he cooks too? No wonder Melissa is so in to you," she said in an amazed tone. "Smells good."

"Yeah. Well, it's my mom's recipe," I explained. "It's one of the few things I can cook." She smiled and sat down at the island in front of me. We chatted while I finished up the food. We continued the conversation as we ate. We had a good time talking to one another, and when we finished eating, Felicity thanked me for making dinner. She headed back up to her room to start getting ready for the party. I had no plans to change out of my blue jeans and foo fighters tee shirt, so I just sat down to watch TV. 

About an hour passed before Felicity returned. "Whatcha watching?" She asked plopping down on the couch. 

"It's just this pawn store show," I told her turning to look in her direction. Felicity was wearing her long black hair in a ponytail with a styled bump just above her forehead. The make up she wore on her face was minimal, but made her look a few years older and really made her jade green eyes pop. Continuing down, she was wearing a cute girl-cut tee shirt with a brand name emblazoned on the front in rhinestones. It fit close to her figure nicely, and looked like she had forgone wearing a bra. The small mounds on her chest remained perky without it, and her nipples poked through the fabric slightly. My eyes wandered further down reaching the very short black ruffle skirt. There was a lace detail around the bottom that made her outfit look very cute. Felicity's long silky legs ended, very simply, with a pair of plain black flip flops. 

"If you don't blink your eyes are gonna dry out," she said with that sly smirk on her face once again. 

"I'm sorry. I zoned out there for a second," I said trying to recoup some semblance of my honor. Gawking at young girls was not something I did. 

"Well, Tiffany's house is about thirty minutes away, so we should get out of here," she informed me. 

I stood up and stuck my hand out. "Come on then. Let's hit the road." She took my hand and I pulled her up out of her seat. We went out to my car and headed out. The drive to the party mostly consisted of listening to Felicity singing along with the local pop station and dancing in her seat. 

The GPS said we were about five minutes away when Felicity asked, "Can we stop in at the liquor store up there?" She asked pointing up the road to a large neon sign. "Do you mind buying some stuff for me?" She pulled some money out of her little purse. "I've got cash."

I shrugged. "Sure." I remembered being under twenty-one and having to get older friends to buy alcohol for me. I turned into the parking lot. "What do you want me to get?" I asked. 

"A bottle of Absolute, and a bottle of grenadine," was all she asked for. I took her cash and went in to the store. 

When I came back out, there was a guy standing by the passenger door of my car knocking on the window. He looked like a middle aged homeless man. His white skin was filthy. He looked like he was trying to talk to Felicity. 

"Excuse me," I said in a stern and assertive tone. "Do you mind not knocking on my car door?"

"Oh. Hey there. Is this your car? That little lady you got in there looks mighty fine. I bet you do some pretty nasty stuff with that piece," he prodded. 

"Walk away," I asserted. "Walk away, now, or we will have problem." The man backed down as I stepped closer. He hobbled off quickly without another word. I opened the trunk and put the vodka and grenadine in a safe spot before I walked around to the driver seat. I got into the car and found Felicity with her arms wrapped around her chest holding herself tight. The man had obviously upset her. "Don't worry about him," I said putting a gentle hand on her shoulder. "Let's get to your friends house and have a good time." Felicity nodded and started to cheer up a bit. I started the car and pulled out. 

When we arrived at Tiffany's, we could hear music coming from the house all the way down on the road. Luckily, the house was just outside of town on a pretty big piece of land, so there was little chance of cops getting called to bust up the party. I grabbed the bag from the trunk. Then, I followed Felicity to the front door. Felicity just opened the door and walked in. 

There were roughly fifteen people in the living room sitting around talking, drinking, and dancing. There were a few couples making out. About the time we walked in and I took in the first room, I heard what sounded like half a dozen guys cheer. I peeked around a corner and saw two girls kneeling on top of the kitchen island doing some pretty heavy kissing. One of them was wearing a skirt similar to Felicity's and the other was wearing short cutoff blue jean shorts. Both had stripped down to their bra. Their hands probed each other's chest as they kissed one another. 

I looked back for Felicity in time to see her quickly walking to another room. I followed so as not to be the guy no one knows standing in the front room. 

"Tiff," Felicity said as she ran up and threw her arms around her friend's neck. 

"Hey Fee," she said looking over Felicity's shoulder at me. "Where did you find this guy, a magazine ad?" Tiffany asked looking me up and down. A surprised look appeared on my face. I'd never heard someone refer to me like that. I knew I was better than average looking, but I didn't think I looked like a model from a magazine or anything. 

"This is Melissa's Fiancé." Felicity explained, "They have been here this week for spring break. Mel and Mom went on an over night spa retreat. I didn't want him to have to stay home all alone, so I invited him. Tiffany, this is Ben. Ben, this is Tiffany." 

I shook Tiffany's hand and said, "Nice to meet you."

"Ditto," she replied cracking that same sly smile that Felicity had been using all day. Tiffany was cute. She wasn't as cute as Felicity, but she definitely had some great features. Where Felicity had a slender figure and small perky breasts, Tiffany had a curvy figure and larger, fuller breasts. She had full, pouty lips, dark hair, and almond shaped eyes with amber colored irises. "You can bring your drinks in here and put them in the fridge." She led them to the kitchen where the two girls were now laying on the counter, their bras on the floor. The girl on top had her hand up the skirt of the other. The girl in the skirt moaned between kisses. The guys watching continued to cheer and holler. "Woo! Get it girl!" Tiffany yelled. 

"How long have they been going at it?" Felicity asked.

"Maybe twenty minutes. Those two are such attention whores," Tiffany replied. 

"You want a drink before I put it up?" I asked Felicity. 

"Yeah make it a stiff one," she replied. Something about the way she used the word stiff was very sexual, and I felt my pants tighten a little. 

"Sure thing." I grabbed a couple of plastic cups and put a couple of ice cubes in each. I then poured a pretty liberal amount of vodka into the cups. I followed it up with some of the grenadine. I handed Felicity the drink. She took a drink and shuddered a bit. 

"Yeah!" She yelled. Then, she took another drink. We followed Tiffany back around to the living room where most of the people at the party were. I sat down on the arm of one of the couches and took a swig of my drink. It was stouter than I had meant to make it, but it was good. I watched as Tiffany and Felicity danced in the middle of the room with the other teens dancing around them. 

I finished my drink after a few minutes and set the cup down just about half a minute before a young girl fell against me laughing. I helped her back to her feet. She looked pretty drunk when she looked into my eyes. The girl leaned in and kissed me square on the mouth. I didn't have time to react before I felt her tongue attempting to penetrate my lips. I gently grabbed both of her shoulders and guided her back and away from me as inoffensively as I could. 

"You don't think I'm pretty?" The drunk girl asked. 

"You are beautiful," I replied. She smiled and tried to lean in again. I held her in place and said, "I'm just taken." I looked at a drunk guy almost passed out at the other end of the couch. "He told me," I said gesturing with my head to the drunk guy, "he thinks you're pretty." I let her go and she immediately drifted to the other end and fell onto the couch beside him. I looked back to Felicity when the two drunk teens started making out. 

While she danced, Felicity looked back over her shoulder at me. She smiled big and started to dance out of the crowd in my direction. When she got to me it was evident that the drink had given her a pretty heavy buzz. She reached out and grabbed my hands in an attempt to pull me off the couch. The little girl didn't have the mass to move me, but I just went with it. I was feeling pretty good from the alcohol in my system, and I was there to have fun. 

Felicity reached to hook her hands around my neck. I bent at the knee to sway with the music and put one of my hands in the small of her back. As we moved in time with the music, I pulled her closer. She ground her crotch against my thigh. I could see a look of growing pleasure on her face with each move. Caught up in the moment, I didn't back off. We kept dancing, changing up position occasionally, for another fifteen minutes. When our fourth or fifth song ended I stopped dancing. 

"I need another drink, gotta cool off," I explained. "You want one?" Felicity nodded. Sweat glistened on her skin after having danced in such close quarters. 

In the kitchen, I found that the two girls were now completely naked. The one that had been wearing the skirt was now doggy style on the island, but a guy was up there pounding away at her little teen pussy. The girl that had had the cutoff shorts was being taken from behind at one of the kitchen counters. She was sucking on another guys cock as he sat on the counter in front of her. The girl's hands were palms down on the countertop on either side of his hips. Each thrust from behind sent her diving down into his crotch. The guy's cock disappeared into the back of the girl's throat each time. The rest of the guys in the kitchen were standing around the room with their pants and underwear around their ankles stroking their cocks, I assume, waiting for their turn. It was like a gang bang porno I had seen on the internet. I had had no idea people actually did that. I shook my head in disbelief and fixed my drinks. 
