 I can't remember when I had slept so soundly, the last evening had really worn me out. Edith, 'Edy', had proven to be addicted to sex as much as Kiki was. My worry was that I'd never be able to satisfy the two of them as I would wish.

When I finally awoke it was mid morning and the room was filled with the aroma of coffee and the sound of much whispering and giggling coming from the kitchen. I rolled out of bed and put on a fresh pair of boxers before joining the two of them.

"Well, look who's joining the living," Kiki exclaimed as I entered the kitchen. "I was beginning to think I'd have to call the paramedics if you didn't show your face pretty soon." 

What a sight I beheld; the two women were just as naked as they had been the night before. Edy, the taller and thinner of the two, leaned against the kitchen counter while Kiki was half sitting on the edge of the breakfast table, each with a cup of coffee. Edy turned and poured coffee into a mug and held it out to me.

"I was just telling Kiki that you were every bit as good as she had told me. I haven't had such an enjoyable and satisfying experience as last night in my whole life. Jon, you really know how to treat a gal. Where did you learn all that stuff," Edy said, with a broad grin. 

I grinned back at her before taking a sip of my coffee, then, "It comes from too many years of experience." The sight of the two of them, naked, was having an effect on my nether region and I began developing a 'stiffy'.

Kiki noticed it right away and, with a laugh, "Come on, Jon, lose the underwear so we can see what's happening. We're not hiding anything from you." I slid the boxers down over my hips and let them drop to the floor, revealing my half erect cock. "There, that's better, lover. He doesn't look too bad for all the work he did last night, does he, Edy." 

"He looks gorgeous to me," Edy replied. "I don't know when I've had such a pleasurable time with such a nice cock. Oooh, look, I think he likes us," she exclaimed as my prick jerked to full staff. I took hold of it and stroked my hand back and forth a few times, enjoying the adulation my member was receiving. 

Edy put her coffee cup down and covered her small tits, pinching and pulling at her engorged nipples. "Is it me, or is it getting awfully hot in here," she murmured.

"No dear," Kiki laughed. "It's just you." For the first time I got a chance to really look at Edy. She appeared, and I later learned, to be a few years younger than Kiki. She had a slightly rounded belly, below which was a very prominent Venus mons, completely bare of any fuzz. Protruding from her cunt lips was her hooded clit. I licked my lips as I recalled how, as I licked and sucked on it, the bud had blossomed from that hood. 

"Stop drooling, Jon," Kiki laughed. "You'll get your turn with Edy again. Finish your coffee so we can get on with some really hot action."

"Yeah," I replied. "I'd like to watch you two jilling off, like you did last night. That'll get my balls working overtime so I'll be able to fuck both of you. Maybe I'll get another permanent hard-on." 

"That really turns you on, doesn't it," Kiki said, with a giggle. "Watching us take care of ourselves." I nodded in the affirmative as I gulped down the rest of my coffee, eager for the action to begin. 

In the bedroom the two of them stretched out on the bed and immediately began to pleasure them selves. I sat on the foot of the bed, watching Edy intently as she strummed her clit with one hand while she finger fucked herself with the other. Several times she would withdraw her fingers and raise her hand to her mouth to suck her juices off of them. All this time her eyes were closed and she was moaning softly. 

Kiki was taking the slow approach, languidly rubbing her clit with one hand and toying with her nipples with the other. Every so often she would glance over at Edy and smile. "She's really hot, isn't she Jon? I don't think you'd last a week with her alone, all she's talked about for the last few days is fucking you." 

"Yeah, look at her, I think she's cumming again," I replied. We both watched as Edy began thrusting her hips, a look of grim determination on her face. Then suddenly, her soft moaning turned into several "Uhn, uhn, uhn," and then a cry of release, accompanied with a stream of cum juice as she squirted.

After several minutes she opened her eyes and smiled at me. "God, but that felt good. I think I'll do it again."

"For the love of Mike, Edy," Kiki exclaimed. "Give it a rest. I think Jon's about to cream himself."

With that I stopped stroking my cock, I was getting too close. "No, I think I'll just cream Edy's cunt." Then, turning to Edy, I said, "How's that sound, babe?"

"Come on, man, slip it into me, drive me silly with that marvelous tool. Fuck me good and hard." I crawled up to between her parted legs, positioning her legs high over my shoulders, while she guided my cock into her hot, wet cunt. I drove my seven inches of hard meat as deep as I could. "Oh my god!" she cried. "Fuck me, Jon, fuck me." I had every intention of doing just that. 

Kik stopped ministering to herself and turned on her side to watch. "That's it, Jon, give it to her, give it to her good." She reached over and put one hand on my butt, as if to push me harder and faster. 

"Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god," Edy began crying out. Her arms were out stretched, hand gripping the bed sheet. "Oh god, yes!" As I pounded my cock in and out furiously. "Oh god, I'm gonna cum, I'm gonna cum. YEESSSS!" I leaned down to cover her mouth with a kiss to keep her from screaming anymore. I was sure the neighbors would think someone was being killed in my house. 

I drove my cock into her as deep as I could, holding it there and feeling her cunt's contractions as she attempted to milk my juices. I still hadn't cum.

We stayed like that for several minutes, straining against each other til the spasms in her cunt slowly subsided and her body relaxed. I raised back up and looked down at her as her eyes opened again and a dreamy expression swept over her face. "My god, Jon, each time is better than the last one." 

I pulled my still hard cock out of her soaked cunt and looked over to Kiki. "What about it, lover. Want to see if you can milk this thing?" Without a word, Kiki rolled onto her back, knees drawn up and spread. Still on my knees, I moved over to between her legs and lowered myself towards her pussy. She grasped hold of my prick and guided it to her puffy lipped cunt. She gave a sigh as I slowly penetrated her hot pussy. When I was not fast enough for her, she thrust her hips upwards till my cock was completely buried.

"Fuck me nice and slow, Jon. Make it last a long time." I was no where near cumming myself so it was easy to perform as Kiki wanted. Every once in a while, as I withdrew, she would wiggle her ass a little and then thrust up, as though she was afraid I would completely leave her. 

We fucked like this for what seemed hours, pausing several times to rest and then continuing. All the while, Kiki had a dreamy expression on her face, seeming to enjoy every moment of our coupling. Several times she would gasp and go rigid for a few seconds as she experienced small orgasms. "God, Jon, this feels so good. We've never fucked like this before and it's wonderful."

Finally, she could stand it no longer. She wanted the big 'O'. "Do it Jon, fuck me hard now, make me cum." I began pounding in and out as fast as I could and she began moaning loudly. "Oh yess..oh god...oh god, Oh my god!!" She was meeting every one of my strokes now with hard thrusts of her own. "Unh...unh...unh...yes...yes...OH GOD, YEEESSSS!" As she came, I pushed into her as hard and as deep as I could. She had both arms around me, her legs locked behind me as she strained to hold onto her cum as long as she could. Then, just as rapidly as she had come, it was over and she completely relaxed, panting hard to fill her lungs with air. 

As I withdrew, she rolled onto her side and curled up into a ball, seemingly exhausted. My prick was still just as hard as when we had started; I was developing a good case of 'blue balls' with what seemed to be a perpetual hard-on. 

As I lay on my back with my orick pointed at the ceiling, Edy, who had felt somewhat neglected, crawled over to me. "My god, Jon, doesn't it ever get soft?" she queried. I've never seen anything like this before in my life."

"Did you ever hear of the god Priapus," I muttered. "I think he's smiling on me for some reason. Or maybe he has the best interests of the two of you in mind." 

She laughed. "Who the hell is Priapus. I never heard of him before."

"He's the Roman god of sex, of the erect cock. Women in Rome used to fuck the erect cock on his statues. They thought it would help to make them pregnant." 

"Well, Jon, or should I say, 'Priapus', fuck me, but I don't think it's going to make me pregnant. I haven't worried about that for years. I just fuck for fun and because it feels good."

When I made no move, Edy straddled me and settled down on my prick. She bounced up and down on me for a few minutes, then rose up, freeing my cock, slimy with her joy juices. She took hold of it and when she settled down again, the head of my cock was at her rosebud ass. "I've always wanted to try this," she muttered, as my prick slowly disappeared into her bowel. "Oh, this is different," she whispered. "I like the feel of it." I made no move, letting her set the pace as she slowly rose up then lowered herself, again and again. 

After only a few minutes the heat and tightness of her ass began to take effect and I felt myself getting to the edge. I began thrusting at her, harder and faster. I had to cum and there was no holding me back. Edy sensed my imminent release and began working my cock with her ass muscles. "Come on, Jon, give it to me, fill me up with it, give me a cum enema." she cried. I gave one hard lunge upwards with my hips and came. My prick jerked uncontrollably as I sprayed her insides with my juice. 

Just as quickly as I had cum, it was over and my cock began to shrink. Edy sped up the process of my removal with the muscles of her ass, pushing me out, my cum dripping from her and running down my now deflated prick and onto my balls. 

Now it was Edy's turn to roll off and onto her side. "My god, I never thought I'd cum from having a cock in my ass. It sure was different. I could feel your hot cum everytime it spurted." I was beginning to think that Kiki had been right when she said I wouldn't last a week with Edy.