 CHAPTER TWO - INTRODUCTION

The year was 1963 and two people Penny and Walt met while attending night school at a New Jersey college. While Penny overcame her reluctance to date again, Walt did not allow himself to be locked in to one relationship. The story is told from two points of view, Penny's and Walt's. It is a fictional story that is based on an actual encounter that took place in the early 1960's. As always all characters are over the age of 18 years old. This is the end of the story involving Penny. Let me know if you want to hear more about Walt and his continuing relationships. 

WALT'S STORY -- A BUSY WEEKEND

I committed to having dinner with Astrid in the city Friday night and Penny was put out because she wanted me to take her out that Friday. I made up a story that I was going bar hopping with some friends in the city and that I would probably crash at one of their pads. Penny didn't want to go out Thursday night because she knew that I couldn't stay overnight. I finally reluctantly agreed to go out with her Saturday night even though I didn't feel like it at the time.

Friday evening arrived and I showed up at Astrid's apartment building complete with a doorman. Astrid had left my name at the desk so they let me go up to her apartment and they called her to let her know I was on my way up. Astrid invited me in and offered me a drink while she finished dressing. I had brought a clean shirt with me so I freshened up and put on a clean shirt as well.

"I hope you like Italian food. I made reservations at Primavera," she said.

"Of course I love Italian food, after spending two year in Italy, how could I not?" I replied knowing that she picked the restaurant for me.

We left the apartment and we walked the seven blocks over to the restaurant. We had an absolute incredible meal complete with wine, desert, espresso and after dinner drinks. We took a longer walk back to the apartment since it was a pleasant night. Once we arrived back inside her apartment Astrid had me sit in the living room while she poured us a night cap. I sat on the sofa and Astrid came over with the drinks and stood next to me. I noticed she was breathing heavily as she stood next to me.

"I need you to make love to me. I want you to undress me and play with me. Make me good and wet," she said in a sultry voice.

I slid my hand up her leg and I felt her tremble slightly. I let my hand ride up and down her stocking covered leg for a few minutes. Then I let my hand wander above her knee and past the top of her hose. Astrid shivered as my hand touched the bare skin of her thigh. I caressed both of her thighs and I could tell that she was getting hot. The back of my hand brushed against her panty covered pussy and I could feel that the panties were soaked with her excitement. Astrid moved her legs wider apart causing the skirt to tighten around her shapely ass. I rubbed her inner thighs between her legs and flicked my fingers over the material covering her vulva. Astrid jumped involuntarily when she felt my hand on her pussy.

"Your panties are very wet Astrid. Would you like me to take your panties off you?" I teased her.

Astrid nodded and gasped, "Yes, please take my panties off."

Astrid had worn her panties over her garter belt. I eased her panties down over her buttocks, past her thighs and then let them slide to her ankles. Astrid stepped out of them and I put them on the end table. I returned to fondling her ass and thighs and I soon had her squirming with desire. Astrid moved her body as if she were trying to get my hand near her pussy so I slid it between her legs and stroked the outer lips of her labia. Astrid squirmed under the touch and emitted a soft groan. I started to push Astrid's skirt up but she stopped me and then she took it off. It was a wrap around skirt and she had it off in an instant. She looked so sexy standing there leaning forward slightly on the coffee table. Her cute ass was framed by her hose and her garter belt. She actually looked hotter with her blouse and hose on. 

I ran my hands all over Astrid's ass, thighs and pubes feeling her wet pussy. I slipped my finger into her vagina and then added a second one. I took juices from her pussy and I pushed between the cheeks or her ass and massaged my finger into her nether hole. Then I fingered Astrid's ass and pussy at the same time. She was going wild with the double penetration and cried out to me.

"That's it finger me, play with me. Make me cum, please make me cum," Astrid pleaded.

I continued to work her ass and pussy and within minutes she had her first orgasm. Astrid held onto the coffee table with both hands as her body jerked and spasmed with her climax. I worked my fingers in and out of her holes as she clenched and relaxed her vaginal and anal muscles tightening herself on them. I pulled my fingers from her holes and I stood up behind her. I dropped my pants and briefs to my ankles and brought my rock hard cock to her buttocks. I let it rest against the hot flesh of her ass and I leaned over and whispered in her ear.

"Where do you want it first today? Do you want it in your ass or do you want me to fuck your pussy first?" I teased her and then licked her ear.

"Fuck my pussy you know that I don't take it in my ass," Astrid murmured.

I then eased my cock into her pussy and fucked her from behind until Astrid orgasmed once again. Then I fucked her for a short time before I unloaded my semen in her pussy. Astrid looked so hot leaning over the table with my cock sliding in and out of her pussy that I just couldn't prolong my ejaculation any longer. I leaned over her and exploded in her. My cock seemed to keep firing round after round of semen and I could feel my warm liquid surround my shaft as the semen filled her pussy. Astrid milked my cock dry until it softened and popped out of her cunt.

Astrid grabbed her panties and held them against her vagina so that the semen didn't leak on her carpet. She turned to go to her bedroom and told me to follow her. She headed straight for her bathroom and then returned to the bedroom with a smile on her face.

"That was quite some load," she sighed.

"I have been saving that all week for you," I replied with a laugh.

"Now I want you to really make love to me in my bed this time," she said as she sat on the bed.

I sat next to her and caressed her breasts, neck and arms, teasing her skin with my fingernails and tongue. Astrid made a low, drawn out sound. Deciding that I'd teased her enough for now I pulled up her blouse and started on her naked breasts. I remembered that licking her nipples had got a good reaction from her last week. As I sucked her warm flesh into my mouth and rolled it between my teeth, Astrid let out a moan of pleasure.

Astrid gently took hold of my cock and took me into her mouth, rolling my cock around and getting it wet with her saliva, while her hand worked my shaft up and down at the same time. Seconds later, she pushed me back on the bed to straddle me. Her hand wrapped around my now slippery cock and I felt the tickle of her pubic hair just before her soft flesh nudged my helmet and then it was suddenly engulfed by the heat and tightness of her pussy.

Astrid grabbed hold of the top of the head board on either side of my head as I held onto her hips. She rocked her hips back and forth, pressing downwards and working the walls of her pussy as I slid into her further. The next motion of her hips caused her to gasp in pleasure as my full length penetrated her. She began to work up and down, back and forth as she moaned in pleasure. She felt particularly tight in this position and the unhurried pace felt sensuous and wonderful. Astrid continued to ride me at a slow, even pace as I relaxed and let her take charge. As she fucked herself on me I could hear the smacking and sucking sound of her pussy as my cock moved around inside her. 

Her firm medium sized breasts jiggled as Astrid picked up the pace. She pushed her hips down until our groins met and then lifted up until just the swollen tip of my cock remained inside her. She seemed to know just how far to move so that my cock never slipped out of her pussy. Her thigh muscles felt firm and tight under my hands as she worked her body on me. The speed of our groins slapping together increased as fucked faster and harder. We really had our rhythm going now and I thrust up into her as she lowered herself on me. Her pussy contracted around my cock as her eyes fluttered and she emitted a high pitch scream. Astrid grabbed onto my shoulders as she rode out her orgasm. I ejaculated into her again flooding her cunt with spunk as she collapsed on top of me.

Astrid covered my face with kisses and then plunged her tongue into my mouth. As she kissed me she murmured softly into my neck and shoulders. She thanked me over and over as she held herself tightly to me.

"Oh my, I missed you so much this week. I couldn't wait for you to get here and make love to me," she cooed.

"I missed you too," I replied as I stroked her smooth skin letting my hands glide over her shapely ass.

Are you up for a bath? I need to soak my aching body," she asked.

"Absolutely," I replied looking forward to being in the tub with her.

Astrid ran a bath for us and we soaked in tub. She had added some bath gel and salts that proved to be very refreshing. Astrid leaned back against me and I reached around and fondled her tits lovingly. She cooed as she was in ecstasy and totally relaxed. After the bath we dried each other off with huge terry cloth towels and as she was drying me, my cock was at full attention. 

"Does that thing ever go down?" she asked as she dried it tenderly. 

"Not as long as I am around you", I said cupping her ass and then asked, "How about a massage?"

Astrid smiled as she retrieved a bottle of body oil from her cabinet and handed it to me. She crawled back on her bed and lay face down. I admired her shapely ass and I wondered if she would ever let me fuck her there. I wanted to save her ass for later though so I told her to turn over on her back.

"Front first," I said as I rolled her over.

I started at her feet and worked my way her legs and thighs but I did not touch her pussy. Then I moved my hands up to tits and twirled her delicious nubs in my fingers. I worked my hands back down her torso and this time I touched her pussy and fingered her gently as well. I located her clit again and rolled it in my oily fingers emitting a short gasp from her. Astrid seemed to have another small orgasm just from being touched.

"Time to do the other side," I told her as I rolled her onto her stomach.

I marveled at her soft flawless skin and shapely ass. This time I started with her shoulders and worked my way down to her ass, thighs and legs. She was so relaxed I felt that she might fall asleep. I paid special attention to her ass and placed a well-oiled finger in her bunghole. My finger was so slick and she was so relaxed that it slid in easily. I continued to massage her shapely beautiful ass and finger her hole. I added a second finger and although it was much snugger Astrid didn't complain. I pulled her up by her hips until her curvy ass was in the air and she lay with her head to one side on the bed. She was almost crooning as I continued to finger her asshole and then began to finger her pussy as well. 

I removed my fingers and eased my engorged cock into her pussy. I began to fuck her slowly and then added first one then two fingers back in her asshole. Astrid was on the verge on an uncontrollable orgasm and as she began to thrust and shake, I took advantage of her state and slid my cock from her cunt to her asshole. I managed to get the head in past the sphincter and then let Astrid do the rest. As she bucked and shuddered with an intense orgasm she impaled her ass on my cock. Only when she started to come back to earth did she realize that about half of my cock was in her ass.

"Oh my God you are in my ass. I have never done this", she said in a panic. 

"Relax," I told her "You know that I would never hurt you, trust me," I reassured her. 

I continued to ease more of my cock into her ass feeding her a little at a time. It seemed like hours before I was all the way in and began to slowly fuck her. I played with her tits with one hand and her pussy with the other. Soon I had a smooth rhythm going and I was sawing in and out of her ass easily. I felt my balls tighten just before I blasted an enormous load of cum into her asshole. I had never cum so much and my cock felt like it was twice its size in her ass. 

My semen was backing up out of her asshole and running down over her pussy and inner thighs. My dick softened and I eased it out of her asshole with an audible popping sound. I collapsed on the bed and Astrid lay next to me handling my softening cock. She blew me away when she slid down and took my cock in her mouth.

As she lovingly cleaned my cock with her mouth she kept repeating, "Thank you; oh thank you, thank you."

It was quite a sight to see this sophisticated lady, this regal beautiful woman, sucking on the very cock that just fucked her in the ass. We fell asleep and the last thing I remember was my cock in her mouth.

I woke up Saturday morning lying on my side next to Astrid who was also on her side. She was cuddled up in a spoon position with her bottom pushed into my crotch and my morning piss hard-on was tucked between the cheeks of her ass. I reached around and cupped Astrid's firm tits with my hands. Then with one hand I trailed it down her body and found her pussy. I inserted a finger into her quim and diddled her clit until she rolled to her back. Her pussy was soaking wet again as I mounted her and slid my cock into her. Astrid just moaned with her eyes closed as I began the ritual of fucking her with my morning hard-on. I fucked her through multiple orgasms as I had done in the past until she begged me to stop and let her rest. I pulled out of her and went into the bathroom with my erect cock pointing the way.

"Come back to bed after you go to the bathroom," she told me.

I relieved myself and then returned to bed as she had asked. Astrid had me lie on my back as she positioned her head near my cock. She then proceeded to give me one of her fantastic blow jobs. I was very turned on and I knew that I would blow my load quickly particularly with Astrid's skill at oral sex. 

"Let me know when you are going to cum," she said and then returned to sucking my cock.

I felt my orgasm building from my toes to my cock and I let Astrid know that I was really close. She took my cock from her mouth and stroked it with her hand. Her pace quickened as my cock seemed to get harder and bigger. Then with her other hand she cupped my bloated balls and fingered my perineum. That did it and my body stiffened as my spunk shot out of my cock. Astrid kept jerking me off as she watched rope after rope of semen shoot out of my cock and land on my chest and stomach. She kept working my cock until the remaining seed was just oozing from my cock head and trickling into my pubic hair. 

Astrid then sucked the remainder of semen from cock, licked off her hand and smacked her lips. "Wow that was some load. I had never seen you cum before and I wanted to watch when you would shoot the most. I'm not sure I could have taken a load like that in my mouth," she said almost pleased with herself.

"Come on let's get cleaned up and dressed. I want to take you to my favorite place for breakfast a French café down the street," she said.

We showered, dressed and then went out to breakfast. The café was very quaint and very French. I had a soft boiled egg and the bread was delicious. Astrid had a fruit plate and a serving of bed as well. The café latte was delicious as well.

"They bake their own bread twice a day," she told me. 

The very petite French speaking waitress smiled at me continuously as she served us and checked on us frequently. Astrid gave a dirty look a couple of times but the girl seem to relish in pissing Astrid off. Astrid ordered some bread to go including some for me to take to Renee. After breakfast we returned to the apartment for me to pick up my things and Astrid called for a car to take me back to New Jersey. We kissed goodbye and then I was on my way home. As I sat in the car on the way home I thought to myself that I could easily get used to this life.

PENNY'S STORY -- FRUSTRATION ENDS ON SATURDAY

I was really upset with Walt that we didn't go out for a short while after class Thursday. He said that he had to study for some insurance test that he had on Friday. Then he decides to go bar hopping with his buddies in New York instead of being with me. Why did he need to go out with his friends and chase women when he could be with me? Then he didn't even seem that enthusiastic about going out Saturday night with me and spending the night with me. But eventually he did agree. I made up my mind that I would give him something Saturday to remember and that he would always want to be with me after that. I just didn't know what I was going to do but I knew that I was not going to give up my ass. I knew that he loved my ass as he was always playing with it but after the experience I had with my ex there was no way I would ever allow anybody in there.

Walt called me early Saturday afternoon and told me that he was really tired. He asked if I would consider changing our plans. I suggested that we just stay in. call out for a pizza and watch TV. He went along with that so I went over and picked him up. It was after 4:00 PM when we got back to my house. Walt packed a pair of sweats to where while he longed around at the house. I put my sweats on as well and I was a little daring as I shunned the bra and panties. 

Walt and I cuddled together on the couch as we watched a college football game. I felt so good in his arms and I loved being with him like that. His wands wondered over my body and under my sweats to caress my skin. Soon we were both naked and I was sitting on Walt's lap. His cock stood up between my thighs and I caressed it as we kissed and he fondled my breasts. I was so turned on that I just had to have him in me so we went to my bedroom.

We got in bed and Walt sat between my legs and rubbed his cock around my vulva. He let it penetrate me slightly pushing passed my outer lips and then moved it around with his hand. Then he pushed it passed my inner lips and felt my wetness. He located my clit and rubbed his cock on it until I orgasmed. My body shivered as the first orgasm of the day ripped through me. Then he slid his shaft into my very wet vagina and began pumping into me. He was a master of keeping his cock in contact with my clit and soon he had me screaming as another orgasm rocked my body. I wrapped my arms and legs tightly around him and humped his for all I was worth.

It took him a while to cum and by the time he finally did I was a withering mess. I had countless orgasms to his one and I could hardly move. We lay together in my bed for at least another half hour before Walt suggested that we take a warm bath together. I ran the hot water and added some bath beads to it. The beads bubbled up and made the water slick with its oily solution. We both got in and I leaned back into to Walt as he wrapped his arms around me and caressed my breasts and played with my nipples. The oily water felt wonderful on my body as Walt's hands moved over me.

Walt reached between my legs and teased my pussy with his fingers. He then gently slipped one and then two fingers in me and moved them in and out slowly. He then rolled me over so that I was facing him as I lay between his legs. I could feel his erection pressing up against me belly as his hands ran down my back and covered my buttocks. He lovingly fondled my bottom and let his fingers dance over my sensitive skin. The sensation caused by his oily hands felt good on my bottom.
