 Somehow I managed to make it through the next several days. I was either fucking Edy or licking her cunt and she never went without an orgasm. My balls had been working overtime just to keep up with the demands I was placing on them. Of course, Kiki hadn't been left out either but she kept deferring to Edy. "Don't forget, she's going back north on Friday and she won't have anybody fucking her then. It'll just be her fingers and a dildo. I'll have you all to myself then."

By the time Thursday rolled around, truthfully, I was looking forward to taking Edy back to the airport. I was looking forward to the comfortable fucks that Kiki and I so enjoyed. 

While Edy spent the afternoon packing her bag for her trip home, I spent the afternoon napping, knowing that this last evening was going to be a real ball buster for me. In late afternoon we went out for dinner at a local diner. Edy wore the clothes she would be traveling in, jeans and a cutoff blouse, while Kiki and I were in our usual shorts and tee shirts. Sitting next to me, Edy kept putting her hand on my crotch, feeling my swollen cock. "I'm gonna miss this guy," she said with a grin. "I hope I haven't been too much of a drain on him." 

"Well, you have given him quite a workout," I replied. "He always seems to 'rise' to the occasion though, doesn't he." She laughed.

"You don't know how much I envy Kiki, she always seems to get the best."

Kiki joined in the laughter. "I told you he was the best, didn't I. With that nice cock and that very educated tongue, I'm telling you, a gal could die happy."

Leaving the restaurant, Edy got in the front seat this time. As I settled in behind the wheel, she said, "Open your pants love. Let's see that nice piece of meat. " When I did so, my cock standing straight and hard, she leaned over and brought it to her mouth. "I've been wanting to suck on this delicious lollipop all week. Now drive carefully while I get some joy-juice out of it."

I made it all the way back to the house and into the garage before she finally got me off, sucking and swallowing all that I could produce. "Umm, that was delicious, Jon," she said, as she sat back up. "I should have done that before."

"Maybe, but now it's gonna take me hours before I can get it back up again," I replied.

"No it won't, I'll just blow it up again and you'll be ready in no time. Now, let's get into the house and out of all these clothes. I don't want to be traveling in wrinkled things tomorrow." 

True to her word, Edy soon had my deflated cock in her mouth, not blowing but sucking on it. In minutes she had me hard again. "See, I told you it wouldn't take long. Now return the favor and give my pussy a good licking."

She just lay down on the living room rug, her knees up and spread. Her pussy lips already engorged in anticipation of the pleasures she was about to receive and which I never tired of giving. Already her milky white juice was flowing, running down towards her ass hole. I was already anticipating pushing my cock into her rosebud. 

I leaned down over her pussy and slurped up what I could before turning my attention to her cunt. I ran my tongue from her asshole up to her clit and back down again. The next time, Edy lurched her hips off the floor, forcing me harder against her pussy. "Do it, Jon. Make me cum. I need to cum."

I circled her clit with my lips and sucked gently while my tongue teased her now engorged nub. She began humping furiously, almost throwing me away from her joy spot. I reached up towards her little tits to pinch her nipples, only to encounter Kiki's mouth on one and fingers on the other. I covered Kiki's hand with my left hand and drew my right hand back so as to slip my thumb into Edy's cunt and a finger into her asshole.

Ohmygod, ohmygod," she cried out. "Oh my god, it's wonderful!" Then, "I'm gonna cum, I'm gonna cum, Oh god, don't stop, don't stop!" She grabbed my head with her right hand, holding me in place as her body tensed. "Ooohhh," she wailed softly as the orgasm took hold of her. I pulled my tongue away from her clit while I continued sucking on it. 

I held her on her high as long as I could but, like all good things, it came to an end. As soon as I felt her body relax, I returned my tongue to teasing her now shrinking clit. Immediately she began to wail and the humping began again.

Keeping my face buried at her cunt, I moved up onto my knees and then raised up, keeping her legs over my shoulders. Holding my cock, I aimed it towards her flowing pussy and guided it in. After two or three thrusts, I withdrew my now well lubricated prick and pushed it into her asshole. 

"Ohmygod, ohmygod," she exclaimed as I buried my cock in her. "Jeezus, but you know what I really like, lover." As I slowly fucked her ass, she reached down and sank two fingers into her juicy cunt. As I watched, her eyes slowly rolled back in their sockets and I knew she was reaching for her nirvana Her mouth formed an almost perfect 'O' in a silent scream. 

"Ohmygod, ohmygod" she cried. "He's doing it again, ohmygod, I'm cumming!" 

I pumped my cock in and out of her ass as hard and as fast as I could while she twisted her hand into her cunt, finally getting four fingers inside. Then, slowly, she worked her whole hand into her sopping hole, apparently reaching for her cervix. 

Kiki watched in amazement as her sister-in-law punished her cunt. "I never thought a woman could do that," she said. "Even my gyno can't do that to me and she's got small hands."

By now Edy was moaning loudly and her face was twisted in ecstasy but as though in pain. "I can feel it, I can touch it, I've got a finger all the way in! Jeezus! I've got a finger in my womb!" 

"For chris sake, Edy" Kiki almost yelled. "Get your hand out before you kill your self!"

"No! It feels so damn good. I can't stop cumming! Oh god, it feels so good!"

With that, I shot my load into her bowel. I couldn't help myself and it felt like I'd never stop pumping my cum. It felt like my balls were going to retreat completely up into my belly.

I'd had it. My cock shrank and slipped out of her ass and I fell to one side. Then Kiki and I watched as Edy continued franticly fucking herself.

After several minutes, a look of pure bliss on Edy's face replaced the grimace of orgasm. Slowly she pulled her hand from her cunt and her body relaxed. She drew her legs together and rolled onto her side, facing us. She smiled. "That was heavenly, I've never cum like that before in my life. My cunt felt so good. Now I'm so tired, I just want to sleep." With that she closed her eyes and drifted off.

Kiki and I went into the bedroom and picked up a blanket and pillow. Then, returning to the living room, Kiki rased Edy's head and placed the pillow under it while I covered her naked form with the blanket. We'd wake her in the morning. to catch her flight back North.

The saga of Edy's visit is purely from the warped mind of the author and has no basis in fact. Kiki's sister-in-law has never visited us in Florida and is actually some years older than Kiki. Of course these are not their true names and the author does have a relationship with a Kiki like person.