 After my years in the armed forces, I have found a relentless passion for computers and everything there was to know about them. Not that I am even close to the geek down the street, with a body standing 6 feet tall and not an ounce of fat, even at this ripe age of 39. It is in my nature to almost never sit quietly, thus keeping my body in shape at a 90% fitness average.

My greatest passion in life however has always been the female body, I just absolutely have a fascination with those gentle softness and of course, those sensual curves. Breasts have always been my favorite interest, be it softly caressing them, sucking the nipples or just laying my cock between them for a good tit fuck. Speaking of my cock, I guess I m one of those lucky guys with a good, solid 9" and 2" in diameter. It may be that I just have an over imaginative desire for sex, but I have never had trouble getting it up again after a normally exhausting banging.

This may sound kinky to some, but my greatest fantasy has always been to tie a lady up, and tease her right up to the brink of explosion before fucking the living hell out of her. And so, one day this fantasy all came true, but I got a fairly good tease myself.

It is all in a days work to do an average of 20 site visits a day, working for a company that has a well established customer base in both the corporate and domestic market. That particular day, I think it was about my sixth call for the day, I pick up the job-card and head to the home of one of our new domestic customers. I had just returned from another domestic customer, also a lady, and was pretty horny after leaving there. She was cooing around me all the time while I was doing my work, dressed only in a very thin see-through nightgown, no bra and some skimpy panties. I got quite a few glimpses of her firm b-cup sized breasts and couldn't help imagining those hard, erect nipples being sucked into my mouth. Come to think of it, I still cannot understand why I didn't just throw her to the floor and give her a good taste of my cock, since it was obviously what she wanted. Anyway, let bygones by bygones, I was now finding myself in front of this beautiful house in one of the better suburbs.

When I knocked on the door, I was greeted with a sight I never believed to exists. She was about 5'6, auburn red hair and a pair of the bluest eyes I ever saw. My eyes immediately caught that she was dressed in something resembling a bikini top (although I think it is really worn as a very casual "top") and she had a very tight mini-skirt on. Her legs seemed to go on forever, and I recall thinking by myself that wherever those legs met, must be heaven. When she spoke, I noticed a pair of full, sensual lips and the whiteness of her teeth was really striking.

"Hi, you must be the here to see what's wrong with my puter ..", she said in a brilliant, sexy voice. I couldn't get a word out, and just nodded as she invited my into the house. These people are obviously not poor, with thick carpets everywhere the eye could see, a lot of dark wood finishes and crystal chandeliers. It was then when I noticed a movement at the staircase, but couldn't quite make out what it was, since it disappeared to quickly.

She walked in front of me, up the stairs and the fragrance of her perfume reminded me of a bouquet of flowers. The skirt spun so tight around her body, that I couldn't help noticing that she was not showing any panty linings underneath. I found it extremely difficult to contain my arousal as she moved that beautiful ass right in front of me as we walked up the stairs. I might even have shown'tiny drops of sweat on my forehead, which I am sure are not the result of me getting to much exercise.

She led me into what must be the master bedroom. It was huge with a Victorian style king sized bed, complete with four posts and draped silk. A heavy, red-wood desk with a high-back leather chair and leather inset. There was also a divan in the opposite corner.

I sat down, and forced myself to concentrate on fixing the problem with the computer, but I kept feeling her eyes burning on me as she moved around behind he. At first I thought I was imagining it, but every now and then she would lean over my shoulder to show me something on the monitor, but I could clearly feel her hard, erect nipples pressing against my shoulder. Needles to say, but for someone with an obvious hormonal imbalance like I have, I soon found my erection grow to it s full capacity, screaming to be released from the tight confines of my pants. Not long thereafter my balls were so full, it hurt.

It would be difficult to describe what happened next, because the next moment I felt my chair being swung around 90 degrees towards where she was standing, and when I looked down, I found her kneeling between my legs, fiddling with my belt buckle. It couldn't have been more than two seconds before she had both my buckle and my zipper undone, frantically grabbing my huge erection with both hands. "Oooohhh my Goddd .. Ohhhh ohhhhhh", I moaned. It was a relief to feel some freedom from my pants, a shiver running through my whole body as she swallowed almost my whole length in one deep suck.

I looked down, and saw her luscious lips engulfing my monstrous cock, feeling the release of some pre-cum into her mouth, which she wicketly licked up with her swirling tongue. I felt her hand fondling my full balls, and she released her sucking and commenced on a luscious journey with her tongue. She hesitated at my cock s glistening head, licking in circles around it s swollen, purple head, then lodging the tip of her tongue into it s little hole. "Oooooooo my Goddddd ... ooooooo GOSH..." I couldn't help moaning loudly, as she licked down my throbbing hardness, taking each of my balls into her mouth, gently sucking on them. I grabbed her hair, and she frantically started sucking me again, this time taking all into her mouth, as I felt her throat relaxing.

I started bucking my hips, pulling her head towards me, holding her by her shoulder-long hair. "Ooooooh yeah baby, suck me .. Suck me deep!! .. Ohhhhh yeah!!". As I continued to mouth-fuck her, she fondled my balls until I felt like I wanted to explode. It wasn't long thereafter that I shot my first load of cum like a canon into her throat. "Oh fuck .. Oooooooooo .. Fuck fuck .... OOOOOOOOOO!!!!" White, creamy cum was drizzling from her mouth as she continued sucking, although I released my grip on her hair. It felt like she wanted to suck my balls dry.

She gave me another surprise, when suddenly she got up and passionately started kissing me. It was the first time I ever tasted my own cum, and I must say, it tasted kind of sweet, mixed with her saliva. I was now so over excited about what had happened to me, that my cock soon found itself in another massive erection, pressing against her supple body. Without much effort I picked her up and carried her to the bed. For some reason I felt like I wanted to punish her, like as if I felt she had just raped me.

I roughly threw her on the bed, and pinned her down with her hands stretched over her head, while I straddled her. She smiled at me me, naughtily, and I started kissing her deep and passionate, thrusting my tongue deep into her warm mouth and sucking her tongue in mine. It was like she already gave in to my assault on her body, which I was not content on accepting like that. I got up from her, and walked over to the walk-in closet, searching for some pantyhose. I grabbed a bunch and returned to where she was still laying stretched out on the bed. "Oooohhh yes .. Tie me up .. Yesssss", she hissed.

My cock sprang at full attention when I ripped of her bikini-like top to expose her silky, perky tits. They were so firm and her erect nipples were just too inviting to resist. "Ohhh myyy Godddd ...", she cried. I leaned down and suckled each one hard, when I shifted my concentration back to what I intended doing. I removed her mini-skirt in record time, when I noticed she was only wearing a black g-string panty. Her pussy bloated against her panty, and I thought that I have never seen such an oversized pussy, especially not on such a skinny lady.

I ripped my eyes away, and started tying her hands and both feet to each of the four bedposts, leaving her spread and totally exposed. What a sexy sight. I got back onto her, barely touching her body with my now naked ass, cupping her breasts with my hands, slowly starting to caress them, while I feast my eyes on those hard nipples. They felt so soft, almost like satin cushions, and I slowly started licking each nipple in a circular motion. "Ooooh babyyy .. YESSS .. YESSSS.. ", she moaned with pleasure and I continued teasing her nipples, hardly ever touching her tips, wanting to make her as hot as I possibly could.

After torturing her breasts for a while, I continued my onslaught down the valley between her breasts towards her navel, softly kissing, licking and sometimes sucking her soft naked flesh. Her body was trembling with excitement as I neared her panty-line, but I didn't go any lower. "Oooooh babyyy .. Yessss .. Fuck me now .. Fuck meeee .. I need you to fuck me ... NOW!!!! .. Oooooooo", she begged. Instead I started my ascent towards her breasts, kissing, licking and sucking.

I positioned myself in a 69 position on top of her, taking care to keep my hard, throbbing cock just out of reach of her eager mouth. She bucked her head to suck it into her mouth, and I pulled away just in time. I started kissing down her soft legs, my cock in perfect view of her hunger eyes all the time. I concentrated my kisses ever nearer to her pussy, noticing the dark stain on the lacy material. She let out a loud moan of pleasure when I flicked her panty with my tongue followed by kissing her drenched crotch through her panty. My cock was touching her swollen breasts and occasionally I would lower myself to brush her nipples with my balls.

I slid my hands under her panties to either side, and ripped then off in one single jerk, revealing her clean, shaven cunt. "Oh YESSSS!!!... YESSSS.." Her lips were so swollen, it looked like a nest, ready to be eaten. I ran my wet tongue down each lip separately, already tasting her wetness. "Ooooooooooo .. Ooohhh my Godddd", she moaned. She tasted like nothing I ever tasted before, sweet with a very strong flavor of sex. I used my fingers to part her lips, revealing her swollen clit, standing out between her wet lips. When I leaned down, I made sure just to touch her clit very lightly, curling it in circular motions without licking it. When she started bucking her hips wildly, I pulled back. "Oooohhh BABYYYYY .. Fuck MEEE .. Fuck me NOWWW!! .. Fuck meeee!!, she squealed.

I was concentrating so hard on teasing her, that I didn't notice Stephanie in the doorway. Stephanie is Kim s 18 year old daughter and had a towel wrapped around her, her hair wet and she looked very much like her mother. People would often mistakenly think of them as sisters. She must have seen the shock in my face and only smiled at me. It was only then that I noticed that her one hand was between her legs, obviously playing with herself. I turned around and looked at Kim and saw her smiling at her daughter. I started wondering if this whole thing had not been just a setup by the two to get me into bed, but I shifted that idea quickly from my mind. I was now as horny as hell and wanted to get laid badly.

Stephanie walked over slowly and sat on the edge of the bed, leaning over to kiss me soft and gently. Her young tender lips felt like fire on mine. When the towel slid from her body, she revealed even more beautiful breasts than her mom. Her nipples were smaller and pinkish, but very hard and erect. I noticed that she was cleanly shaven too, while she continued touching herself with her fingers, her legs slightly spread. I touched her young, firm breasts with my one hand, when she rocks her head back and lets out a rather loud moan. "Ooooooohhhhhh ... " My other hand was stroking up and down Kim s inner thigh and when I let my hand on Stephanie slide down her beautiful body towards her crotch, I found Kim s now trembling clit and started rubbing it with my finger. "Yessss YESSSS .. Fuck me with your fingerssss... DEEPER!! .. Faster!!!"

Stephanie parted her legs further, taking my hand and guiding it towards her hot and wet pussy. Feeling such young flesh in my hand, I couldn't resist but to explore her wet pussylips with my fingers, making her increasingly moan with pleasure. "Oh my God, you feel so tender and soft.. ", I told her, and she could only smile. By now I had inserted two fingers into Kim s dripping cunt, and was fingerfucking her furiously. Her hips were bucking wildly, and I started feeling like I would cum at any moment.

Stephanie had leaned over and was taking my cock s head between her sweat, tender lips, sucking lightly as she teases me with her tongue. She must have done this before, because she was sending signals of intense pleasure through my whole body. "Ooooooohhhh GOSH!!!! .. Ooooooo...", I couldn't help moaning. I felt some pre-cum welling up in my throbbing cock, which she eagerly licked, followed by taking more of my cock into her mouth, stroking me as she sucked.

I knew I wouldn't be able to withstand this pleasure for long, but held back as best I could, wanting to feel my cock slide into someone s wet pussy. When Kim s moaning became more intense followed by her soft squeaky moans and rapid, shallow breathing, I couldn't hold back any longer, I just needed to bury this throbbing cock of mine in her wet swollen cunt. I quickly stood up, sliding my cock from Stephanie s mouth, and guided it towards Kim s bucking pussy. "Oh yes baby .. YESSSS .. Fuck me .. Fuck me .. Fuck me hard .. Fuck me NOW!!!!", she almost screamed, her body twirling with lust.

My hands reached both under her, clenching her firm ass, as I thrust my cock deep into her pussy with one immense blow, hitting her top, while she screamed out. "OOOOOOOOOHHHHHHH GODDDDDDDD!!!!!" Her cunt was so tight, but I couldn't hold back to give her time to adjust to my thickness. I kept my cock deep inside her until I felt her tense body relaxing after my thrust. When she started contracting her muscles to squeeze my cock, I nearly came, and started to slowly wiggle my throbbing member in her pussy. I started to fuck her slowly, feeling every intense moment of pleasure as her swollen lips grabbed my hard cock. "Ooohhh Yeah .. Fuck me .. Fuck me", she continued saying. Her tightness made it feel as if she was milking my cock, and I really had a tough time to concentrate not to shoot my load to into her.

My body trembled when I felt soft lips pulling at my slowly swinging balls. When I looked back, I noticed Stephanie had positioned herself on her back, her face between Kim s legs and she was pulling my balls into her mouth while I fucked her mom. The sensation was unbelievable and I started humping Kim increasingly faster as I felt my nearing orgasm. "Ooooooo YEAHHHH!!! .. YEAH!!!!!.."

I was fucking Kim so fast now that Stephanie had trouble holding on to my balls, but I didn't care and just continued to slam my rock hard cock deep, fast and hard into Kim s pussy. What happened next was so incredible I find it hard to describe with only words. As I felt my cock swell with my hot cum, I felt the feverish spasms of Kim s contracting pussy on my pounding shaft, when suddenly Stephanie showed her finger deep into my ass. I blew my load so deep into Kim s pulsating cunt, it was such an enormous load, that it felt like my cum spewed past my cock from deep inside her pussy, covering my crotch and balls with a mix of her cum and mine. While I continually kept up pumping deep into Kim s slippery cunt, I felt Stephanie s tongue eagerly licking the gooey juices from my balls. Even after I had stopped and was laying on top of Kim, my breathing rushing like I just completed a grueling race, I felt Stephanie licking up the sweetness.

She must have been darn near crazy of lust and desire by that time, getting only what is left over from her Mom s pleasure. I slid down and untied Kim who was just as exhausted as I was. I was laying on my back next to Kim, when Stephanie positioned herself laying down between my legs, pressing her firm, tender breasts on my legs, and taking my slump penis with both her hands. It s head was very sensitive now, and my body puckered every time she licked her tongue over it. "Ooohhh .. Ooohhh!!"

She slowly started stroking me while licking off the cum from my shaft. It wasn't before long that I felt my erection growing again, and I placed my hand between Kim s spread legs and started smearing the dripping cum over her cuntlips and gently stroking her clit. Stephanie was now sucking my erect penis with full force, reflecting her urgency to be fucked. I moaned .. "Oooooh Gosh .. Oooooooo YES!. suck me you little slut"

Kim was starting to moan again too, hissing between her teeth every time I touch her sensitive clit. I pushed myself up and pulled Stephanie s face towards me, kissing her deeply as she pushed herself up and shifted over my body. She was straddling me and it was absolutely sensational when she sat her wet, tight cunt on my penis. I kissed her more intensely when she started squirming on my cock. After kissing for nearly a minute, she broke the kiss and lifted her cute ass to guide my pole towards her tight pussy. I fell back when I felt her tender lips touch my cock s head, feeling the pressure as she slowly impaled herself on my hard, thick cock, stretching her love-hole to accommodate what must have been a monstrous cock to her. "Ooooh my Goddddd ...". I felt her pussy relax, clamping down on my shaft when she tried to lower herself too fast. She arched her body while she was doing this and ran her sweet tongue over her opened lips.

When finally I felt her ass-cheeks on my upper legs, I knew she had taken in all nine inches of my monstrous cock. She placed her hands on my breast and sat still for a while, before slowly starting to twist her ass, curling her sensual, young body. I raised my hands and started to caress her perky breasts, pinching her tender nipples between my fingers, drawing circles and pulling gently. She moaned in a high pitch "Eeeeewwwwwww ..." This initiated a series of increasingly louder moans escaping from her mouth, hissing just like her mother.

She slowly started bucking on my shaft, and I could feel her warm juices running down my crotch, as I joined her motions by thrusting my hips to meet her rhythm. Since her young cunt was even tighter than her mother s, I could soon hear the squishing sounds of her juices, as she picked up her raid on my throbbing cock. I slid my hands down to grab her slim waist and helped her motions as she started fucking me in all earnest. My thrusts have increased their own assault on her luscious pussy, and I noticed Kim s hand on Stephanie s breasts, encouraging her daughters rise in excitement. I got the feeling she wanted to have her daughter experience the joy of having a decent cock between her legs, as she has had the pleasure of having earlier. "Oooooh Goddd .. YES .. Oooooo YESSSSS" , Stephanie moaned excitedly.

I noticed Kim getting up and then helping her daughter to turn around facing away from me, without have my cock slide from her hot pussy. Kim was now encouraging her daughter to fuck me as hard as she could and the sight of Stephanie s firm, white ass drove me crazy. I couldn't resist to run my hand down her crack, teasing her hole with my fingers. I was surprised to find her hole lubricated, and thought it must have been when she rode me and her juices flowed from her pussy. I started applying pressure against her hole while she fucked me like she was going insane. "Oooohhhhhhhh YESSSS... OOOOOOOOO!!!!!" Her moans had become screams, and I soon felt my finger push up in her ass. I started finger-fucking her ass as she rode my cock ever harder and faster, at one stage burying almost the whole length of my finger deep into her asshole. "I mmm ccccuuummmmmmingggg!!!!...", she screamed.
