 The night had started well enough, a quick shower and a light dinner, a little TV, but then the phone rang. It was Ed, wanting to go out and run a couple bars. At the time it seemed like a great idea but the future held several unexpected twists and turns. Fate was going to grab on with a tenacious grip and not turn loose until things were changed completely.

Penny had been thinking about what a long week she'd had at work and how she couldn't wait to relax in bed with her favorite porn magazine and her biggest vibrator. She didn't really feel like going bar hopping, but Ed was very insistent, telling her that she would have a good time once she got out and started dancing.

"I'll be there to pick you up in 45 minutes, Penny. Wear something that will knock 'em dead!" He hung up and Penny sighed, then walked into her bedroom and opened up the closet door.

"Good thing I've already had a shower and my hair is almost dry", she thought to herself.

She began rummaging through the hangers in her closet to see what she wanted to wear, pulling out several outfits and laying them on the bed. After picking up one outfit after another, she chose the one she wanted to wear, knowing how sexy she looked in it. It was a red sequin covered haltertop and a black spandex mini-skirt. Under it she wore a black thong. She slipped her feet into a pair of red strappy sandals. The ties on them ran up her calves in a Roman style, making her legs look even longer and sexier than ever.

She brushed her long blonde hair and then twisted it into a sleek braid, which hung over her left shoulder. She twirled in front of the mirror, thinking she looked pretty good.

"Well, he wanted "knock 'em dead"? I think this will do the trick!"

When the doorbell rang, she opened the door and Ed took one look and whistled...long and low!

"Wow Baby, you look great! I think going out tonight will be good for us."

Penny grabbed her purse and off they went. Ed, after helping Penny get into his Corvette convertible, walked around and climbed in himself, leaning over to pull Penny closer for a deep kiss. He ran his hand down her arm and moved it to her breast, squeezing it and then lightly pinching her nipple.

"Oh yes, this will definitely be a night to remember!" he told her as he started the car and they drove off.

Looking at him with a confused look, she asked "What do you mean by that? What's going to make it any different than any other night we've gone out?" "You'll see, Baby." he answered with a grin on his face.

The first bar they went to was called The Tumble Inn. The music was so loud they could hear it outside in the parking lot. They could tell the place was packed by all the cars. They went inside and the music pulsed around them. Penny just couldn't help moving to the beat of the fast paced song.

Ed ordered their drinks and they happened to spot a table very near the dance floor that someone had just vacated. After drinking their first one and ordering another round, Ed could see that Penny was itching to get out on the dance floor. He grabbed her hand and pulled her out on the floor. Moving to the beat, they made a striking couple on the dance floor and the crowd moved to give them some room. Penny's breasts were shaking and jiggling as she danced but Ed noticed that her nipples were getting hard. One of her breasts looked like it could pop out of her halter any minute now. He smiled broadly at her and when he looked around, he could see that a lot of the other guys were watching her too.

A slow song started playing and when Penny moved into Ed's arms, she could feel his manhood through his jeans, rubbing her tummy. She grinned at him, then whispered," You see something you like? Which one of these women did that to you?" She grinned at him and winked as she said this.

"Oh, Baby!! You know it's you... you look so hot. If you look around you might see a few more hard-ons because of you. There were a lot of men watching you dance."

Penny could feel herself getting wet, when Ed said that to her. She DID like to show off her body. She felt Ed's hands move to her spandex covered bottom, rubbing it and then giving her a light slap. Little did Ed know how much it turned her on to have him do that to her on the dance floor like that.

Ed felt a tap on his shoulder and when he turned around, he saw his buddy Jim, dancing with his wife, Carrie. "Hi Ed, wanna trade partners for awhile? Carrie told me that she would love to dance with you!" Ed looked at Penny and saw that she thought it would be a good thing to dance with Jim too.

Jim held Penny close as the music faded into another slow song. "Mmm Penny...you look ravishing tonight. Your face is flushed and I could tell you enjoyed Ed's hands on your ass while you danced. I know I sure enjoyed watching your ass move."

Penny's face went even more red, if possible, than it was before but she nodded and whispered in Jim's ear..."I am so horny I can't stand it." She winked at him and then turned and walked off of the dance floor and back to their table.

Flabbergasted, Jim just stood there watching Penny, until Ed and Carrie danced by and asked him what was going on. He told them what Penny said before she walked off. Ed just grinned and told them to go along with his plan and he too, walked to the table.


"Mmmm so you are horny huh? Jim told me what you said to him out on the floor. What would you like to do now?" Ed asked Penny. She looked at him and smiled..."Let's go someplace less crowded, Baby. See if Jim and Carrie want to join us."

"Sure, Baby! Anything you want..." Ed said over his shoulder as he walked away towards the other couple. Penny kept her eyes on him as he stood there talking to them...willing him to look at her. He glanced her way and laughed. She had her halter pulled up and was flashing him...and whoever else was watching. He must have told Jim and Carrie what she had done because they both turned to look at her but she had already let the halter drop.

The three of them walked towards her and she stood up, reaching over to pick up her purse. Her heavy breasts swaying under her top, nipples hard. She turned to them and smiled. "Where are we off to next?" as they headed out the door, to the disappointment of the people who had been watching Penny dance.

Jim and Carrie followed Ed and Penny to the next bar. They had noticed that Penny's head kept disappearing from the rear window and figured she was giving Ed a blowjob. Soon they saw Ed's turn signal come on and they followed him into the parking lot of a place called the Grizzly Bar. There weren't as many cars in the lot, only a couple of pickup trucks.

They went inside the dimly lit bar and when their eyes adjusted to the light, they walked past the pool table to the bar and ordered drinks before walking to a booth and sitting down. The bartender came over with their drinks and looked at Penny and Carrie from head to toe, undressing them mentally. Penny noticed the looks from the bartender and asked him for some change so they could play the jukebox.

"Is it OK to dance in here? I see you don't actually have a dance floor but we can push those tables back."

He looked where she was pointing to and nodded. "Sure, go ahead and be my guests." He smiled as he went back behind the bar. 

There were three other men in the bar. One was sitting at the bar and the other two were at a table near the pool table. She could feel their eyes on her, making her even hornier than before. Ed was right...this night was going to be loads of fun.

Penny wiggled out of the booth and shook her tush all the way across the bar to the jukebox, stopping along the way to pick up the quarters from the barkeep. She dropped some in the jukebox and chose a fast song...one sure to get the attention of every man here. The next song was a slower, more sensuous one, one that would play once all eyes were on her.

The faster song began playing and Penny pushed a table away to give her more room and started to move to the beat of the music. She motioned for Ed to come to her...beckoning him with her finger and smiling at him before licking her lips. He joined her swaying body, his eyes on her breasts, jiggling wonderfully under her halter. She was hot! She moved and danced as if she were alone...not caring who watched...but in reality she was very aware of the eyes on her excited, frantic movements.

Soon, the music slowed to a sexy, slow song and Penny moved into Ed's arms. His arms wrapped around her back and one hand wrapped around her braid, pulling her head back and he leaned to kiss her.

"You look like you are enjoying yourself. Do you know that the eyes of every man in here...including the bartender, are on your hot body?" Penny nods and smiles at Ed.

"Do you like to see me show off like this, Baby? Does it make you hard knowing that other people are turned on by watching me dance? By watching my boobs jiggle under my top?"

He pulled her against him for her answer, grinding his hard cock into her tummy. "You look so sexy this evening, Baby! Yes! I love watching you show off your hot body. Knowing that you are my woman, is probably driving these other men nuts!"

They returned to their booth where Jim and Carrie were waiting and had been watching. "God, Penny! How can you get up there and dance like that in front of strangers?" Carrie asked.

Penny laughed and said "Well, when you have strong enough drinks and enough of them, like I have...then I guess you tend to get a little uninhibited."

She wanted to dance some more, but this time she pulled Carrie up to dance with her. She put some quarters in the machine and started dancing. Carrie soon caught the mood and began to move to the pounding beat, too. The women moved closer and closer until they looked like they were going to kiss and Penny asked in a whisper..."Do you want to give them a show?"

Carrie smiled and nodded her head. Reaching out to Penny ,she pulled her close for a kiss...a long lingering kiss. A kiss that surprised Ed, but not Jim. They sat in the booth and stared. The ladies danced with each other in a way that was more sensuous than any of the men there had ever seen before...brushing each others arms and breasts...their nipples hardening under their tiny tops. Penny reached behind her and untied the bottom of her halter top, letting it hang loose. When she danced it flapped around her, giving everyone wonderful views of her breasts. Carrie moved behind Penny and wrapped her arms around her waist, moving them up until her soft hands were cupping Penny's full globes. It was obvious to everyone there that she was pinching her nipples and making them hard. Carrie reached up and untied the necktie of Penny's halter, pulled it away from her body and tossed it to Ed.

She continued squeezing and pulling on Penny's nipples while Penny gyrated her hips and shoulders to the music. The men could see her whisper something to Carrie and then move behind her. Her arms snaked around and pulled Carrie's blouse out of her jeans, slowly unbuttoning it from the bottom button up. Once she got to the top button, she peeled it off of Carrie's shoulders, showing everyone that Carrie wasn't wearing a bra either. Her nipples were hard and got harder when Penny moved around in front of her, leaned over and took one into her lips.

Several loud groans came from different directions in the bar. Penny looked around to see all eyes on her ass. By now her skirt was pulled up enough to show her round bottom with the thong strap going up between her cheeks. The ladies continued moving to the music and before they knew it the song was over. There was a rush for the jukebox as the two men at the table and one at the bar hurried to put some more quarters in it before the ladies were out of the mood.

Carrie and Penny smiled at each other and continued teasing the men, by fondling each other in front of them. Ed and Jim had joined them by now and were showing off the ladies by twirling them around to the music. The others in the bar started encouraging Penny and Carrie to "take 'em off...take 'em all off." Ed reached out and grabbed Penny's skirt by the hem and pulled it down, leaving her standing there in only her thong and sandals.

She walked over to the bar, asked the bartender something and he headed for the door, turning off the outside lights and putting the closed sign on the door after locking it. He turned to her and smiled, then nodded.

She walked to him and began dancing in front of him...her bare tits swaying and ass jiggling as she moved. She knelt down in front of him, began unbuckling his belt and unfastening his jeans, pulling them down along with his boxers. His hard cock sprang free and she immediately took it between her lips, sucking on the head. Everyone in the place heard him groan as he put his hands on her head and pulled her farther on to his cock. She swallowed him all the way to the base and fondled his balls while her head moved back and forth. It wasn't long before he was shooting his hot jism down her throat. She sat back and licked her lips, then looked around the room and asked if there was anyone else who wanted the same.

Ed came over, asked her if she was sure that this something she wanted to do and she nodded. "If I didn't, I wouldn't have asked him to lock the door." Since she was still on her knees, Ed pulled his cock out and stood in front of her. She took him into her mouth and began sucking and swallowing him until she knew he was hitting the back of her throat.

"Damn!!" she heard. "She really swallowed him deep into her throat. Mmm I have never been deep-throated like that...it must feel GREAT!" It was one of the other men who were watching. Ed said, "It sure does and when she's done, she can do you next! She is very good at it!" Penny swallowed and slurped until soon, Ed too, was cumming hard in her mouth. Everyone else in the bar could see her hands on his ass holding him in her lips. 

When he pulled away, the next fellow was right there, cock in hand...ready to feed it to her as it was obvious she was still cock-hungry. He was uncircumcised and when she pulled his foreskin back, she could see how big he was. "Yummy! A giant one to suck on...Mmmmm," she said, moaning as she swallowed him as far into her mouth as she could. He was bigger around than the others who had been there so far and her lips were stretched far beyond Ed would have thought possible. He moved behind her and started caressing her ass and then pulling her thong off. He motioned with his hand and Penny felt someone's body slide under hers and a tongue reaching up to lick her swollen clit. She stopped sucking for a minute and looked down to see who was there...It was Carrie who was down there licking and nibbling her button. Penny settled lower onto Carrie's face and resumed sucking the giant cock in front of her. Seeing the other woman under her, was all the fellow could take and he blew a huge wad in Penny's mouth, cum dripping from the corners of her lips as she struggled to swallow it all.

As soon as he backed away, Penny lowered her face into Carrie's crotch, smelling her excited scent. She told Carrie to lift her hips so she could pull her jeans off. Carrie had no undies on at all beneath the jeans and Penny wasted no time burying her face between Carrie's thighs...lapping her cunt from front to back and back again, her tongue flat against Carrie's sweet pussy. The two of them stayed in that position, surrounded by the six men until they both came and they collapsed. Penny rolled off of Carrie and they both sat up and looked at their audience...faces glazed with each other's juices.

Smiling, they each reached for a hard cock and knelt side by side as they took them in their lips. Their cheeks bulged as they swallowed and began sucking the two lucky men standing in front of them. Because of the show they had just put on for them,again it wasn't long before their mouths and throats were full of hot sperm. They sat back on their haunches and waited for the next hard cock. Penny looked up,surprised to see Jim standing in front of her and Ed in front of Carrie.

"I have always wondered what your mouth would feel like on me, Penny. Now, I'm about to find out." She grinned up at him and leaned to lick the drop of pre-cum already forming on the mushroom-shaped tip. She heard Carrie say almost the same thing to Ed, that she had wondered what he tasted like and from the corner of her eye watched her swallow him in one gulp. It was so exciting to see Ed's cock disappear into Carrie's mouth. Jim held onto Penny's head and soon he and Ed were matching each other stroke for stroke...fucking the faces of these two beautiful women on their knees in front of them. Ed yelled out that he was going to explode and he and Jim pulled out. They began cumming very hard all over Penny and Carrie's faces and hair...gobs of cum dripping down onto their breasts. Penny began rubbing Ed's cum into Carrie's skin, making sure to pay attention to her hard nipples. Carrie squirmed and wiggled, telling Penny that if she kept that up, she would explode again herself. Penny laughed as she put one hand between Carrie's thighs and the other hand continued pulling and tugging on her nipples, going back and forth between them, until she felt a gush of wetness erupt onto her fingers.

Exhausted, both women got up and wobbled back to their booth. After downing their drinks, they both went around, picking up their scattered clothing. The bartender asked if he could keep the thong and Ed laughed, saying, "Yes, keep it as a souvenier of Penny's night out."

The bartender laughed as he unlocked the door and let us out. "You are welcome to come back here and dance anytime you want to, ladies." The other men all agreed wholeheartedly.

Once outside, Penny looked at her watch and said, "It's still early yet, where can we go now?"

Carrie and Jim looked at each other and smiled. "Well, we know a small place not far away. It's a private club, members only and we are members. Want to try it?"

Penny and Ed looked at each other and shrugged. "Why not?" Penny said and they walked to their cars. On the way to this "private club", Ed and Penny talked about what had happened in The Grizzly Bar, about how hot she was while she danced and Ed said he couldn't believe his eyes when she and Carrie stripped together and then do what they did.

"Well&ldots;honey...you know that Carrie and I have known each other for years, right? That we were roommates in college?" Penny looked at him out of the corner of her eye.

"Yeah, I remember.."

"Welll,we were REALLY close&ldots;if you know what I mean?" She was biting her bottom lip now, a sign of nervousness.

"We worked at the same strip club in college. It paid good money for tuition and we had a nice place." Penny shrugged after she said this.

"But, we were very close because of living and working together. We both knew that we needed sex. After all, dancing made us horny, too. Between school and work, the only time left for anything else was in that 8 hrs that we had to sleep." Penny took a deep breath and continued. "Our bedrooms were across the hall from each other and we usually left our doors open. I came home from school one afternoon and when I passed Carrie's door...I heard a funny noise and when I looked in to see if she was OK, I could see that she had a dildo in her pussy. All I did was ask her if she needed any help and the rest is history."

"Why didn't tell me about this before?" Ed asked. "I think it's hot to know that you danced like that...I love to watch you show off your body!" He smiled at her and then turned into a parking lot behind Jim and Carrie. Penny nodded. "But you asked why I didn't say anything before?" Seeing his nod, she said "I wasn't sure how you would take it...My being a dancer. I didn't want you to think I was a tramp or something but I liked showing off my body. I still do."
