 It had been a couple of weeks since my girlfriend, Kim, and her eighteen year-old sister, Katie, had hooked up on Kim's couch. Katie left town for a couple of weeks to visit family in California, and Kim and I finally got to have some relaxing time at home without the stress that Katie's general laziness put on the household. Still, I couldn't help but miss seeing her cute little ass strutting around in tight cotton panties, or her perky 18-year old tits barely contained by a tight halter top.

Kim and I still hadn't talked too much about what happened with Katie. Outside of the heat of the moment, Kim seemed a little embarrassed or ashamed, and the one time I tried to bring it up she asked if we could talk about it later. I'm certainly not going to press her about eating her little sister's pussy; when she's ready to talk about it, we'll talk about it.

In any event, we returned to our usual routine, which in both of our cases involved a few long nights at the office per week. After a week of barely seeing Kim, I decided to surprise her on a Tuesday night when she was stuck working late yet again. Whatever brownie points I was going to get from surprising her, though, were preempted by a call from Kim's secretary, Rita, asking me to swing by the office around 7 pm. Great, all my planning went for naught. At least I already had flowers.

I rolled into the office a little bit after 7 pm, flowers in hand. Rita unlocked the office door and let me in. She was wearing her usual outfit - tight blouse showing just a hint of her ample cleavage, a pencil skirt that accentuated her curvy hourglass figure, some dangerously high heels, and no hint of a panty line. Her curly black hair was tied up in the back, with just a few strands hanging down the back of her neck. Rita's a tiny one at only about five feet tall, but with her heels and her shapely silhouette she has an imposing presence.

"Welcome, sir, we're glad you could make it."

"We?" I asked suggestively, kicking off our usual flirty banter.

"Oh yes, we. Kim's been stressed out, and it's making life more difficult for everyone, so believe me when I say I'm very, very happy to see you tonight."

I almost got a lump in my throat at her sultry tone. "Well, I assure you I am just as happy to see you as well." Might as well return the favor, and frankly I was getting more than a bit aroused at her breathy tone and sexy insinuation.

"Well, then, follow me right this way."

I blatantly admired her round ass sway as she walked away. As we passed a conference room, she quickly glanced to the side and caught my reflection in the glass checking her out. I know she caught me because she did a little wiggle of her ass, like a mini-twerk. 

I laughed. "That obvious, huh?"

"Quite alright, sir, I'm used to Kim's very obvious looks, so your attempt at subtlety is appreciated, if unnecessary. Oogle away."

"By your leave, my grace," I replied, bowing humbly and stopping my face just a couple of feet behind her firm buttocks. Rita laughed, slightly bending over to take the game to the next level. It was all I could do to keep my hands from running up her thighs and over the pencil skirt, stopping as they cupped Rita's round derriere.

"Well, let's not keep Kim waiting. She owes me, and I'm ready to collect," Rita said as she continued towards Kim's office. I wonder what that means? 

Rita walked right into Kim's office without knocking and waiting as she normally does.

"It's time, Kim. You promised, remember?"

As I walked in I saw Kim in her chair, finishing a draft of an email. She must not have met with any clients today because she's wearing basically yoga pants with a black tank top and a loose fitting blue sweater. Her shoes were casual pumps, and her hair was up in a quick ponytail. Kim hit send and spun her chair slightly to face us.

"You sure this is what you want, Rita?"

"Yes, I'm sure."

"There's nothing else that you'll accept?"

"Kim, quit trying to get out of this. I told you what I want for my silence, and I'm not negotiating!"

Kim stared at Rita for a good five seconds before her face took on a resigned expression. She looked down at her hands, clasped almost nervously on her lap. "Fine, on the condition that there will be no further threats. This is a one-time thing. You got that?"

"Of course," Rita replied. "And thank you. You know that I respect you and your relationship."

Kim flicked her eyes over to me. I was both nervous and excited, my heart beating a bit wildly as I tried to figure out what was going on. Was Kim in trouble? What did Rita have on her that made her negotiate from a position of obvious weakness? Why wouldn't Kim look directly at me?

"You tell him," Kim finally said. "I wouldn't even know what to say."

"Fine," said Rita, turning to face me. "I know what you two were doing here a few weeks ago. I know you've been fucking in the office for a while now. You're not even being that coy about it, really. I've even hinted that I've known for a while, and you didn't pick up on it."

Rita took a step towards me, a firm, commanding step that showed she was in control of the situation. "I have no power over you, sir, but your little girlfriend here? She's breaking the rules. How would the partnership respond knowing that she's making the office smell like sex? Would they like to know how Kim leaves her panties on the ground underneath her chair? What if a client saw that?"

"Damn," I thought, "I knew Rita saw Kim's panties on the floor the last time we fucked in the office. Gotta be more careful!"

"The price for my silence is simple," she continued with her steely gaze. "I want to suck your cock, and then I want to watch you fuck Kim."

I stood there in stunned silence. I have no idea whether I even bothered to close my mouth. Whatever else I felt, I felt genuinely surprised by this turn of events. I thought Rita would be after money or a promotion, but here she is just wanting to partake in the fun Kim and I have been having.

"And you're okay with this?" I asked Kim, remembering how she'd reacted to our little tryst with Katie. She nodded meekly, but she also had a very sly smile on her face. 

"Fine," I said to Rita. "On one condition."

"Careful, now," she replied, wanting to keep control of her blackmail.

"I want to play with your tits while you suck my cock," I said to Rita while staring at Kim. I gauged Kim's reaction, but it didn't take a genius intellect to see how she felt; Kim got a fierce look on her face as she licked her lips in anticipation. She wanted to see Rita's tits as well, and she wanted to see me play with them.

"Haha, of course! I was hoping you would ask." Rita seemed ready to push things even further, but I had to be careful not to be the one instigating too much because I don't want to hurt Kim.

I stepped forward into Rita, my lips meeting hers as my hands pulled her in tight to my body. I felt her fabulous tits smushed into abs, my hands naturally gravitating towards her relatively slender hips. I looked over Rita's shoulder and saw Kim watching intently, her hands clutched together and rubbing nervously. She seemed aroused and confused and intense and jealous all at once, and I loved the manic look in her eye as she sorted out how she felt about the developing situation in front of her.

Rita's tongue expertly flicked around my mouth and tongue, suggesting the pleasures to come. I savored the scent of her purfume mixed with her lust. Rita is clearly very aroused, her hips working frantically to push her groin into my hardened cock. Soft involuntary moans fill the space between the smacks of our lips as we explored each other's mouths.

I finally caught Kim's eyes and she gave me an excited smile. She's excited, which means I get to push the envelope a bit more. I flick my eyes downwards towards Rita's ass. Kim followed my gaze, and I moved my right hand down the left side of Rita's pencil skirt. I brought my hand around the bottom of her left ass cheek and gave it a little heft and squeeze. It felt magnificent. Soon my other hand cupped her other ass cheek, and I massaged those incredibly firm muscles roughly, groping her with my strong hands. 

Kim was loving it, her hands starting to wander up and down her thighs. I moved my head down to Rita's neck, exploring the warmth and scent of her body with my mouth. I tasted that little spot below her ears and was rewarded with her hands running over my shoulders and back, exploring my muscles and pulling me tight. I pulled back a little bit, my groin thrusting into her stomach. I grabbed the back of Rita's hair and gently but firmly pull her head back. Her doe eyes looked up at me with a raw passion that almost made me whip out my cock right then and there. But I resisted the urge. I wanted to play some more.

"Get up," I said to Kim. I need Rita sitting down right there. Kim dutifully got up out of her chair and stood to the side, awkwardly waiting to see what would happen next. I pushed Rita back into the chair, her mouth at about just the right height for my cock. Rita reached over for my belt, but I pushed her hands away.

"Not just yet," I said. "I told you I get to play with those tits."

Rita wasted no time unbuttoning her blouse, quickly going through all six remaining buttons and pushing open her blouse. She had a lacy black push up bra on, and it was probably a size too small judging by the way her boobs were overflowing the soft material. I reached down to slip each shoulder strap over her shoulder and down to her elbows while she reached back to undo the clasp. Rita ripped off her bra, exposing a pair of DD tits capped with dark brown, wide nipples. Her tits sagged a bit, giving them the weight and realism lacking in fake, perky boobs. 

I reached down a hand to give Rita's tits a nice little heft, and Rita moaned in anticipation of me playing with those gorgeous nipples. But I pulled my hands away and turned to Kim. "Take off your shirt and bra, Kim," I commanded. "Show Rita your tits. She's going to see them later anyway."

Kim hesitated for a minute, standing with her hands over her boobs, which were already covered by a sweater, a tank top, and a bra. It was a futile symbolic covering for a futile gesture; Kim was going to take her top off both because she loved being submissive to me and because she had to get fucked in front of Rita or face the possibility of losing her job. Her hesitation in the face of a mandate made her shyness all the sexier to me. I don't want her to do anything she does not want to do, but I want to push her boundaries as far as she's willing to go.

"Yes, sir," Kim said meekly, seemingly getting into the little role play. She slipped her sweater off and quickly pulled her tank top above her head. Kim was wearing a pretty plain bra, pink and sort of cute/girly. Her B cups were much smaller than Rita's, of course, but she really didn't even need the bra, a fact that she confirmed for Rita when she took off her bra and let her perky tits free.

I turned my attention back to Rita, who was absentmindedly playing with her tits while watching Kim strip. Rita was enraptured by the little strip show going on in front of her, and probably very satisfied with herself for her plan working out so well. Her legs were spread fairly wide, with her pencil skirt riding up her smooth thighs. I could almost see her panties, and I could see far enough up to believe that her olive skin was natural and not just the result of tanning. 

I walked around behind Rita and leaned forward play with her heavy tits. I worked a nipple at a time, roughly tweaking them and coaxing moans and shudders from Rita. Her hair pressed back against my cock, now almost fully erect behind the fly of my pants. Kim sat down on the desk in front of us, her hands frantically touching her tits as she watched the show in front of her unfold.

Rita turned her head, kissing the front of my pants over my cock and balls. I took off my shirt as she began to unbuckle my belt. Soon she had my pants unbuttoned, my zipper down, and was rubbing my cock through my boxer briefs. She roughly pulled my pants and boxer briefs down, revealing my now fully erect 8-inch cock, the tip a little bit wet from precum. 

"Fuck, it's beautiful," Rita exclaimed, licking her lips in anticipation. Because her face was so close to my cock, her eyes were almost crossed as she started at my dick. I almost laughed at the absurdity of it all, but her warm breath on my balls perished the thought. Rita slowly took a lick up my shaft, then two, then three. But she quickly moved her mouth over the tip, swirling her tongue around and tasting my salty precum.

Kim looked at me almost desperately, pleading for, what? Release? Permission? Permission for what? I made a mental leap, looked at her sternly, and told her, "You are not allowed to touch your pussy. Do you hear me?"

"Yes, sir," she replied, crestfallen. Her right hand, which had just slipped inside the waistband of her yoga pants, pulled out and resumed playing with her tits. 

"Take off your yoga pants, slowly," I instructed.

Kim did the rest, getting down off the desk and turning away from Rita and me. Rita flicked her eyes over just in time to see Kim bent over and slowly pulling her yoga pants down over her perfect apple ass. Her pink panties were pulled into her asscrack and up right against her generous labia, and she was clearly wet and aroused. Her lovely pussy scent filled the air, indicating how wet and excited she already was. 

Rita moaned around my cock, slipping it further into her mouth and beginning to bob her head up and down. Kim sat back on the desk and rock back and forth while playing with her little hard nipples, her thighs spread lewdly. I grabbed the back of Rita's head and gently fucked her mouth. As I did, I pulled her out of her seat and on her knees on the ground. She slid down, pulling up her pencil skirt up to her hips to allow her thighs to spread out beneath her. 

I sunk lower to the ground until I was kneeling, my butt on my heels. Rita was forced to push her head lower, bending over more and more and pushing her round bottom up in the air. Kim could clearly see her panties, if she was even wearing any, and I saw her gaze shift to Rita's ass. I saw Kim lick her lips and I knew it was time to let loose with the last part of my plan.

"Reminds me of your sister, huh Kim?" I asked Kim, staring into her eyes as I did. 

"What?" a clearly horrified Kim exclaimed? "I don't know what you're talking about!" But the panic if her voice was obvious.

"Don't be coy, Kim, you know why this reminds me of your sister."

Rita stopped her amazing cock sucking and popped her head up sharply. "What the fuck? You fucked Kim's sister?" My plan might be backfiring because Rita seemed pissed that I'd messed around on Kim. I had to fix this quickly.

"No, of course not! I love Kim!"

"Then what happened" Rita demanded angrily?

"Well, one thing led to another and Kim's sister, Katie, blew me while Kim at her out, and then they 69'd for a bit." I tried to say it very nonchalantly, but it's difficult to couch that information in innocuous terms.

"What the FUCK? Kim, YOU fucked your sister?" Rita's expression changed from angry to amazed.

"No, well, sort of, but it all just sort of happened and it was all a blur and I was just so horny and, oh my GOD!" Kim was bright red from her chest up.

"Ahahaha! Man, this just keeps getting better and weirder." Rita was clearly scheming her next play. "What is this secret worth to you, Kim? I wonder..."

"Anything, please you can't tell anyone! Please, I beg you!"

"Hmmm... I think maybe the limitations you put on me might have to go." Rita and Kim clearly had some background rules about our little playtime that I wasn't aware of.

"No, please, you can't fuck him, please! I'm not ready for that!" Kim was almost hysterical, but her "not ready" quip perked my interest. "Not ready" is not "no," it's "not yet." Maybe I can get a "ready" if I played my cards right. But I wasn't in control; Rita was.

"I think I have something else in mind, my little slut." Rita was now fully in control of Kim. "I want you to stay right where you are. I'm not going to watch you fuck today. You are a bad girl, and you don't deserve this nice cock. No, you're going to watch us fuck. You're going to watch his fat cock fuck my little asshole until he cums. Do you understand?"

Kim looked at Rita in shock, her mouth agape and silent. Rita smacked her sharply across the face. "Do you understand, Kim?"

After a long three-second silence, Kim responded with a glint of anger in her eyes. "Yes, Rita, I understand." Kim's petulance was obvious, and Rita took it in with a thoughtful look. 

Rita stood up and grabbed Kim's wrists, sitting her in the office chair. Rita then turned around to face me, her ass almost in Kim's face. "Stand up, sir, I want to get your cock ready for this ass." I dutifully stood up in front of her, but she pushed me back about two feet. The reason for this became immediately clear, as she bent over at her waist and resumed sucking my cock with abandon. Her tongue again swirled over my cock head, and she bobbed up and down expertly.

After a minute of her sucking, Rita popped up and looked over her ass at Kim. "Take off my skirt, slut, and give my ass some attention." 

Kim reached up and unzipped Rita's skirt, sliding it past her wide hips and down her thighs. Rita gingerly stepped out of the skirt one leg at a time. But then Kim hesitated. Bad move.

"I said, slut, give my ass some attention." Kim's eyes flicked up at me, then back to Rita's ass, barely covered in a black thong. I could smell her musk from where I was standing, so Kim must have been bathing in the scent, and it looked like she enjoyed it. Taking in a whiff, Kim bent over slightly to plant gentle kisses on Rita's round ass. Rita once again took my cock in her mouth, her throat making an occasional moan as Kim explored her ass more eagerly. 

Soon, Kim was kissing near the edges of Rita's panties, surely getting a little taste of her wetness. I couldn't take much more, and Rita must have sensed that I was going to cum down her throat if she kept it up.

"Not yet, stud, I want that cock in my ass." Rita looked back at Kim and commanded, "take off my panties, my little slut."

Kim did not hesitate this time, reaching her fingers into the waistband of Rita's panties and slowly pulling them down over her ass. I could see in Kim's eyes the moment Rita's tiny panties popped over her hips and suddently exposed her pussy. Kim leaned in and gave Rita's pussy a big wet kiss. I could see her tongue push between Rita's plump labia, digging around in her pussy for a wet, sloppy taste. 

"Mmmmm, yeah, my little slut, you love tasting my wet pussy, don't you?" Rita was firmly in control and clearly loving it. I walked around behind Rita, watching Kim eagerly eat her snatch, her mouth sucking on Rita's labia and licking up every drop of her nectar that she could. I also saw Rita's cute little asshole, and I wanted nothing more than to fuck her ass right in front of Kim. So as much as I enjoyed Kim's sapphic rampage, I reluctantly pushed Rita over the desk and pressed my cock against her backdoor.

"Wait, hold on just one second," Rita begged. I decided to see what she had in mind, and I was glad that I did when I saw Rita grab her panties from off of the floor and approach Kim. As she did, Rita repositioned her panties until the clearly soaking wet crotch was exposed.

"Open your mouth, my little pet," Rita instructed Kim. Kim opened up, and Rita pushed the crotch of her panties up to Kim's awaiting mouth. Kim eagerly sucked on them as Rita observed, "you love licking my panties, don't you slut? They remind me of your sister's panties, don't they?"
