 Chapter 01: Lynn arrives for a visit

You'll enjoy this more if you read "Kim and Me" first. If you like this, leave glowing public comments and votes of '5', please. 

BTW, I wanted to add a few words about the Kim and Me series for those people who've asked me. No, her name's not Kim (you'd guessed that one, right?). I've deliberately obscured a few important details about the character and blended a thing or two from several other people. There are a couple things that I've said in the stories that specifically aren't true, but I'm not telling you which ones. But other than those minor details.... 

This series has its roots in chapter 10 of Kim and Me. Lynn from Alaska was impressed with the way Kim squirted and asked if she could visit us and have me teach her to squirt. Kim liked this idea and so Lynn flew in to town for a weekend with us. This is what happened. 

Kim and I had been seeing each other for close to a month. We'd sleep together two or three times a week, though more often at my house than her apartment. A lot of it was the culinary arrangements: I did the cooking and would tend to wait on her hand and foot, which was easier to do at my house, where I knew where everything was and where I had a lot of those nifty little ingredients (and the wine and the tea things, of course) that made meals that much better. 

But Kim really did enjoy the other accoutrements of my house, too, notably the webcam. It was fun giving her an outlet for her exhibitionist side. We'd stop in on the reflectors a couple times a week and she'd gotten to know a number of the group on a first name basis. She was still enormously popular and would get watched whenever she appeared. People would even watch me when I was there and she wasn't on the off-chance that Kim would stop in and make a cameo. (This happened a couple of times and only served to reinforce the behavior.) 

Our sex life was still incredibly hot and squishy. As it happened, I had to renew the movies I'd checked out until the following weekend before we got around to watching them, but it had been fun when we did. Kim had really liked Candystripers, and had insisted on twice watching the scenes where the nurses were sitting at the desk and getting eaten out while I ate Kim out the same way. 

Kim and Lynn saw each other fairly frequently on the reflector and together they were unstoppable. Honeybare wasn't able to log on as much, but the three of them enjoyed each other's online company very much. Lynn told me at one point that Kim was one of the prettiest women she'd seen on the reflectors and that it was because she was very real and approachable. Kim, in turn, seemed to get off on Lynn and Honeybare's directness, which I said was probably something that had developed by being practicing exhibitionists themselves and that I could see Kim getting more like that herself. Kim was briefly concerned but was calmed when I told her that I didn't see a problem to having a hot, sexy woman who liked being direct about what she was after. As I recall, I got a smoking hot blowjob very shortly thereafter. 

But it had been about a month and Lynn was going to be coming to town for a couple days. She had double-checked that I was still willing to teach her to squirt (yes) and that it was completely okay with Kim (definitely; Kim got warm every time she thought about watching me teach Lynn to squirt right in front of her). We'd compared notes and all of us were abundantly safe as for as STDs were concerned: Lynn admitted sadly that it had been a year since her last blood test and a year and a half since her last fling. I promised her that this was probably something that we could fix for her. Lynn responded happily to that idea and said she was all that much more excited to see us. 

Finally, the big day had arrived. Lynn was flying in from Anchorage at 5:30 Friday afternoon, and we were going to pick her up at the airport. That day, Kim knocked off early from work and came over to my house. We drove to the airport in my car. I could tell she was nervous; Kim couldn't sit still. 

"Honey, it's going to be just fine," I said. "You've gotten to know Lynn yourself already and everyone's clear on the idea of boundaries, If anyone starts bumping into a boundary issue, we stop and talk about it and do whatever seems okay. Or stop, if that's it." 

"No, that's not it," Kim said. "I'm just nervous about if she'll like me in person. Will I like her in person? Have you met her in person?" Kim shifted in her seat again as we merged onto the freeway.

"Nope, but I'm not worried about it. I've gotten to know Lynn pretty well online and she's a very nice person. She's a very attractive person. She's definitely a world-class exhibitionist. And she likes the two of us individually for our winning personalities and also because we're also very pretty people. Relax, petal, you'll be just fine." I put my hand on her thigh and squeezed. 

Kim covered my hand with hers and squeezed back. "Oh, I know," she said, "but it's still worse than a first date. I mean, we're going to be getting Lynn and taking her back to your house and we'll be doing decidedly sexual things with her. Or you will, anyway. It's a little weird."

"It's out of the ordinary, I'll grant you," I said with a smile. "But it's a great first date if you want to think of it that way." Kim smiled at that. "If you feel uncomfortable with anything, speak up. It'll be fine and Lynn understands we're all breaking new ground. For all we know, she may be the one who feels uncomfortable." That got another, bigger smile. 

A few minutes later, my cell phone rang. I answered; it was Lynn.

"I'm here!" Lynn said. 

"We're not late, are we?" I said, glancing at the clock in the dash. 

"No, no, we're a bit early and we're still taxiing, actually. But they said we could turn our cell phones back on, so I wanted to call you and tell you I made it."

"That was thoughtful. Thank you very much! We're about five minutes from the airport still, so this will work out nicely. Have you much baggage?" 

"None, really; I packed everything into a small rolling suitcase, so I'll just walk out." 

"Excellent idea!" I said. "We'll wait by the Alaska passenger pickup; go down to baggage and out the door and we should be there." 

"You know what I look like? Oh, God, of course you know what I look like, that was a stupid thing to say…" Lynn sighed.

"Perhaps not as stupid as you might think," I replied. "We know very well what you look like naked, but neither of us is used to seeing you with your clothes on." I glanced at Kim, who was smirking. "So if you don't see us after a couple minutes, flash your tits at the crowd and we'll recognize you immediately." Kim and I both laughed loudly at this. I held up the phone so Kim could also hear Lynn's "Yeah, yeah, that's all you guys think about is how to get me naked!" 

There was a brief pause and then Lynn said in a much quieter voice "I just got the strangest looks from everyone near me, you know." Kim and I exploded laughing and I said "I think we'll recognize you, Lynn. Just stand by the passenger pickup and we'll swing by and nab you. If you're not sure it's us, though, you can ask them where your birthmark is. That'll prove something." 

"You two are just terrible!" she exclaimed. In a much sultrier voice, Lynn added "I can't wait to see you. I'm hanging up now. Byeeee!" 

I closed the cell phone and said to Kim "Sounds like she almost flew down here under her own power." Kim nodded and smiled. "But I do wonder what kind of look that last comment got her from her seatmates." 

Traffic was heavier than I'd thought as we got near the airport and it took me almost ten minutes to get to the airport off-ramp rather than the five I'd estimated. We successfully navigated the mixmaster on-ramps for arriving and departing passengers and shortly thereafter pulled up in front of the Alaska Airlines passenger pickup area. Lynn was already outside at the curb. 

I got out of the car and came around and gave her a big hug, which Lynn returned eagerly. We pulled back and looked closely at each other. 

"What do you think?" Lynn said. 

"I'm thinking that we'll go out to dinner and that I'm going to be looking forward to the night's entertainments very, very keenly. You're far prettier in person," I said. 

Kim had gotten out of the car and was standing next to both of us. Lynn took Kim in her arms and, much to my surprise, kissed her. Kim kissed her back. It was not a casual kiss and we got a few looks from people walking by. One couple clearly disapproved but several people looked shocked and then rather pleased, and one attractive woman around 35 eyed Lynn and Kim (still wrapped around each other) and then me and cocked an eyebrow. I smiled back and made a gesture to indicate that, yup, it was all three of us, which got me a smile. A moment later, a man spotted her in the crowd and hugged and kissed her. She responded, then over her shoulder gave me a look of "Damn, I'm sorry I'm not available myself." My, my, my….

I picked up Lynn's suitcase and put it in the trunk, then held the back door open. Kim said "I'll ride in the back," and got in. Lynn got into the passenger seat and we drove off. 

"Okay," I said, "I'm assuming that dinner is of interest to people. Where would you like to go and what would you like?" 

"Lynn, what would you like?" Kim said. 

"How hungry is everyone?" Lynn said. 

"Well, not quite hungry yet," I replied, "but sure to be hungry before too much longer." 

"Same here," Kim said. 

"How about this?" Lynn said. "I'm not terrifically hungry yet, either. And I wanted to suggest something." 

"Fire away," I said. "What'd you like?"

"I want to go to the hot tub place with you first," Lynn said. 

"Really?" Kim said. 

"Yes!" Lynn said. "There's nothing like that in Anchorage these days and I would love to get into really hot water and get the kinks out of my muscles after being cramped in that plane for the last three and a half hours. And…" 

"And?" I said. 

"And I think it would be a nice, relaxing way to get used to the idea of being naked together. We can soak in the hot tub and it won't feel forced." 

"I think that's a lovely idea," I said. "Kim, is this okay with you?" 

"I like it, too," Kim said. "But with the proviso that we go out to dinner afterwards." 

"I think we'll all be hungry by then," Lynn said. "It'll be seven or seven thirty by then and this is an hour later for me, so it'll definitely be a late dinner." 

"Have you got a cuisine in mind for dinner?" I asked. 

"I'm torn between getting a really good Indian meal versus something lighter that won't fill me up," Lynn said. 

"Wait and see which way you want to leap, then," I said. "Right, I'm going to try and get us on the freeway without getting us wiped out by Friday rush-hour traffic, so talk amongst yourselves." 

Kim, who'd been leaning forward between the car seats, put her chin on Lynn's shoulder and said "We were wondering what happened after you rang off with us on the plane." Kim reached her left arm around the seat and wrapped it around Lynn's tummy. Lynn giggled. She put her left arm down and interlaced her fingers with Kim's.

"After I hung up, the guy across the aisle was looking at me with the oddest look. It was clear that he wanted to ask me a question, though I wasn't sure which one of several he wanted to try." Lynn smiled. "I figured I wasn't going to see him again, so I said 'I'm flying down to meet an old friend and his new sweetheart.' This only answered one question for him halfway but I could see another couple of questions dancing around in his head. I didn't feel like telling him anything else, though, so I just proceeded to primp a little as we pulled up to the terminal. And I made sure that I was out the plane with in front of him with a really snappy step." Kim's fingers squeezed Lynn's and Lynn responded by patting Kim's hand with her other hand.

"I've been looking forward to this all week," she said. "Kim, you are unbelievably pretty and I love the way you kiss." Kim ducked her head in embarrassment and even in the dusky light, I could see that she was blushing heavily. 

"I haven't kissed another girl like that in over twenty years," Kim said. 

"But you had before?" Lynn said. "I hadn't but I'd never found a woman I felt comfortable enough to kiss or that I wanted to. You're both of those." Kim blushed harder and looked as embarrassed as I'd ever seen her. Lynn said in a louder voice "So, you two, do I look like what you thought?" 

"Gee, I dunno," I said. "I'm not used to seeing you with clothes on. Flip your shirt up and let's see." Much to my surprise, Lynn did. She had on a great looking white satin push-up bra, but a considerable quantity of the large freckled breasts I'd jerked off to in the past were visible. 

"You're going to give him a heart attack," Kim said. "Or get us all killed: John can't keep his eyes on the road when there's a great pair of tits around." And, to my absolute surprise, Kim pulled her shirt up and flashed her tits at both of us. Kim was wearing a black bra that covered but was the slightest bit tight. I sighed loudly and dramatically.

"You're right; it's very difficult for me to watch the road and your chests at the same time," I said. They both put their shirts down and smirked. 

The drive from the airport ended up being about 35 minutes, which was actually not bad for a Friday rush hour, but we were moving counter to traffic for most of it and we made fair time. We got to the hot tub place and went in. I rented a room for an hour and we all went down the hall. The clerk went through the ritual of showing us where everything was and even gave us extra towels seeing that there were three of us. She left and Lynn said "I need to hit the bathroom; those bathrooms on the plane really suck." She exited. 

I took Kim's hands in mine and looked into her eyes. "What do you think, Kim?" I asked.

"I'm all tingly. She's incredibly sweet and I love touching her." 

"Are you okay with the idea of me touching her, too?" 

"Oh, god, yes!" Kim said. "You love me, right?"

"Is the Pope a bear?" 

"I love you, too. I'm not worried about this changing that." 

"Good," I said. "Then I think we're going to have a wild time. And if I'm successful, you know…." 

"What?" 

"I'm going to have to do twice as much laundry." 

"Oh, YOU!" Kim said. She grabbed me and started kissing me and nibbling my ear. We heard a knock on the door about then and Kim opened it. Lynn came in and looked at both of us and said "Still clothed?" 

"Sorry, we've never done this before," Kim said with a grin. 

"What a load of horseshit!" Lynn said, smiling. 

"Actually, I need to hit the facilities, too. You two had better let me back in when I return.," Kim said. 

"I hadn't thought of that at all," I replied, "but now that you mention it…." 

"I'm taking the key, you jerk." Kim snatched the key from the hook and left. Lynn and I both snickered. 

"Come here, you scrumptious thing," Lynn said. 

"I thought that was my line." 

"It could be, but I want you here." Lynn wrapped herself around me and gave me an incredible kiss. I had to say that she was as good as Kim as far as technique, which was pretty damned good. Kim still had it over Lynn for the emotional content that went along with it, but I had no problems with how nice it was to kiss Lynn, either. 

I slid my hands down Lynn's back and cupped her ass. There were a lot of things about Lynn that were as nice as Kim and her ass was one of them. Lynn's breasts, larger and softer than Kim's, were mashed into my chest, which was a treat. An image of sleeping snuggled up to them came to mind and I smiled. Lynn felt the smile and stopped kissing me to say "What?" 

"You," I said. I thought for an instant and said very seriously "I think we should get undressed. Kim's going to be back from the bathroom soon and if she doesn't find us nude, she'll think something's going on between us." Lynn digested this for a second and then exploded laughing. We started unbuttoning shirts. 

"It's lovely to meet you in person at last," I said, pulling off my shoes. 

"You, too!" Lynn said. "And Kim's a treasure! I'm all tingly and my toes are curling." I looked down and, sure enough, Lynn's toes were scrunching up every so often. 

"That's about what she said," I said. "That she was all tingly, anyway, although speaking from experience, I have no doubt that her toes are curling, too."

"This is okay with her?" Lynn asked. She had stripped off her shirt and was unhooking her bra. I watched appreciatively. I'd seen it a number of times online, but it was far nicer to see it in person. The last hook released and her breasts came free of the bra. I wanted to cup them in my hands but I forbore; better to wait this first time until Kim got back. 

"It is. I told her that it was okay if she felt uncomfortable to say 'Hang on' at any point but I think she's so hot right now that it'd take a train to stop her. You're welcome to say 'This is too much for me at the moment,' too, you know." 

"I know that," Lynn said, "and I really appreciate that you're being careful about everyone's feelings. What about you?" She'd gotten her jeans unsnapped and was taking them and her panties off at the same time. 

Kim returned about then and said archly "What's all this, then?" 

"Why, nothing, dear, just two naked people in a room together, nothing out of the ordinary," I replied. 

"And one of them with a hard-on," Kim observed. Everyone looked at my cock for a moment, which was decidedly stiff. 

"Well, yes, but I figured it was only reflex," I said. 

Kim sniffed and said "If I didn't know better, I'd say something was going on." 

"Not yet, Kim, but I'm sure it could be," Lynn said. She was completely naked by now save for a little gold ankle chain. She molded herself to Kim and rubbed Kim's left breast and said "Unfortunately, you've still got too many clothes on. Would you care to join the party?" 

I stood up from the bench where I'd been sitting and stretched. Both women looked at my cock, which was feeling very hard by now. I rolled up the tub cover and set it in the corner by the drain, then said "I'm going to shower quickly." Kim was already half-undressed by this time. Lynn was watching both of us with anticipation. She was gently rubbing the top of her pubic mound with one hand while she did so. 

I got the shower adjusted and stepped under the spray. I pumped a few big squirts of soap from the dispenser and lathered up my hair, then started working my way down with the soap. My eyes were shut to keep the soap out when I felt Kim put her hand on my hip and I heard a couple more squirts from the soap dispenser… and then three more. Two pairs of hands started rubbing my chest and then working their way down my body. 

I spread my legs for stability and scrubbed at my scalp for a moment. I tilted my head back to wash off my hair and face. The hands were going all over me, tweaking my nipples, running down the flat of my stomach to my pubic mound and all the way out to the end of my cock, gently squeezing my balls, and running up between my cheeks. It was heaven! 

I got the last of the soap off my face and opened my eyes. Kim was on my left and Lynn was on my right. They saw my eyes were open and they smiled. I put my arms around their waists and held on. They finished soaping me and Kim said "Lynn's turn!"  

"Gladly!" I said. Lynn and I shifted positions so that she was now in the middle. Kim and I both got more soap and started lathering up Lynn. Lynn had her head back and was reveling in being touched by the two of us. 
