 Chapter 03: Kim and the Futon

You'll enjoy this more if you read Chapters 1 and 2 of "Kim, Lynn, and Me" first. If you like this, leave glowing public comments and votes of '5', please, and tell all your friends. 

It had been an evening like none other. In the last six hours, we'd brought someone new into the relationship, had sex in a dozen different ways and places, and I was now engaged to marry the most amazing woman I'd ever known. And the evening wasn't quite over yet. 

Kim and Lynn had headed upstairs after our session in front of the camera and left me to close up shop on the computer. Everyone on the reflector was awestruck. We'd broken so much new ground for most of them, we were in a new county. I sat down at the computer and typed a message to the group. :No, I don't have words for this, either.:

:You're all really in love, aren't you, John?: Betty said.

:Yes. What gave it away on that side of the screen?: I said.

:You're all so involved with each other.: Betty said. 

:Yes, I could see that, too.: André, a doctor in Belgium, added. 

:It's true. As a matter of fact, Kim and I are going to get married.: I typed, feeling quite proud as I did so. 

:Wow! When??: Betty said.

:We just decided earlier this evening, so we haven't set a date or anything yet.: I said. 

Congratulations flowed in from the group. I chatted for a couple minutes more, then said :I'm going to close down for the night and head upstairs. If I leave them alone together too long, God only knows what they'll get up to next.: 

:Phil and I are very happy for you!: Betty said. 

:Thanks! We'll see you online soon!: I replied. 

I logged out of the reflector and replaced the camera in its normal resting place so the cats wouldn't knock it off the edge of the desk. I scooped the towels up and walked into the other room to the washing machine. I chucked the armload of towels into the machine. There were more towels at the bottom of the laundry chute, so I pulled them out and fed towels into the washing machine until I had a full load. I started the machine and walked upstairs. Kim and Lynn had gotten two of the cotton kimonos and were sitting on the couch close to each other, talking about wedding plans. 

"Well, I know one thing about this wedding: we're going to have 'towels' at the top of the list on our gift registry!" I said. Kim and Lynn giggled. "I've got another load going. Remind me to go throw them in the dryer in an hour or so." 

"I like the fact that he's so well trained," Lynn said to Kim.

"I didn't have anything to do with it," Kim replied. "He came that way right out of the box." 

"He cooks and cleans and eats pussy like a champ," Lynn said. "You're one lucky girl!" 

"And he's cute, too; don't forget that. And I love blowing him." Kim reached for my hand and we interlaced fingers. I stood next to where she was sitting. She leaned her head against my thigh happily for a moment. 

"There's a lot to be said for all of that," Lynn said, smiling at me. "So, when are the two of getting married?" 

"Beats the crap outa me," I said. "I seem to be along for the ride here at the moment." I looked down at Kim, who looked up at me and squoze my hand. "When would you like to get married, sweetheart?" 

"I hadn't gotten that far, either," Kim said to Lynn. "I'm still swimming in the thrill of John asking me to marry him." 

"Truth be told, Kim, I think you sorta asked me first, but I did ask you to marry me, it's true," I said. "But it's one of the stranger marriage proposals there's been, I'm sure, particularly when you consider the accompanying dialog and the activity." Lynn dimpled at this. 

"You know, we could always ask for contributions towards a hot tub," Kim said thoughtfully.

I sat down next to Kim and put my arm around her. Lynn reached across Kim to hold my other hand. "I think we have a few things to talk about first, like, do you want to live here in this house?" 

"Yes, very much so, although I think we should plan on expanding the bedroom like you were thinking about," Kim said. 

"What were you going to do to the bedroom?" Lynn said. 

"Well, the bedrooms are all a little small and they don't have a lot of closet space, so John had been talking about joining two of them or pulling the back of the house out another six feet." 

"The more I think about it, the more I like the idea of pulling the house out six feet. We'll have that much more room and we won't lose a bedroom. And we can always use the other bedroom for a really good guest bedroom. Or an office for you, if you like," I said. 

"You don't want to share your office space downstairs with me?" Kim said.

"Well, as much as I love you, I don't work well when I'm sharing an office. I swear at the computer, I talk on the phone with people a lot, particularly when I'm writing magazine articles, and I can be really grumpy about what I'm writing. I think that sharing office space wouldn't work out really well," I replied. 

"Oh," Kim said thoughtfully. After a moment, she said "Can we still play in the office?" 

"God, yes, of course we can, honey!" I said. "I just don't think sharing an office will work. Sharing a playspace, particularly one with a fireplace in it, is entirely different." 

"Oh, that's much better," Kim said. "I understand about working styles and all that. I mean, we've worked at the same companies a couple of times; I know how you like to work. But I do so love playing with you in that office. I'd like to keep doing that." 

"I think you ought to get a piece or two of furniture in the office," Lynn said. 

"What, like a sex swing?" I asked. 

"No, you goose!" Lynn said, laughing. "Although you might want to get one for the bedroom." Kim tried to look thoughtful for a moment but she started laughing when she caught my eye. "I was thinking that you need something like a couch down there. Hey, how about a nice futon? You'd have the best of a couch and a bed and you could always move it out of the way." 

"I've never had a futon, but that sounds nice," I said. 

"I've had a futon," Kim said, "and I loved it. As a matter of fact, I got fucked on one a lot and it was very comfortable." Lynn and I both fixed her with a fishy stare. Kim looked at each of us and said "Oh, all right, I'll tell you all about this, but you--" she indicated me with a tilt of her chin "--need to go make tea for us poor, parched ladies." 

"I'll be glad to, princess," I said, untangling myself and standing up, "but let me go get a towel or two for the couch first." Lynn laughed and Kim looked a bit indignant.

"Do you think I can't control myself?" Kim said. 

"History has shown that this is the case, love," I said. "It seems that whenever we start recounting stories on the couch, towels are required." Kim sniffed. "So if you'll excuse me a mo, I'll get some." I walked down the hall to the closet and got one of the last towels in the cupboard, a brightly colored beach towel. I returned, handed the towel to Lynn, and walked into the kitchen to start tea. 

"Does IKEA sell futons?" I said from the kitchen. 

"I don't think so," Kim said, "but we could check. And there's always the futon store over on 65th." 

"Oh, that's right!" I said. "We ought to go there first, actually." I rattled around and got teacups and the pot and paused. "It's getting late; do you want caffeinated tea or shall I make an herb tea of some kind?" There were the sounds of brief conferring in the living room. 

"Herb tea, please!" came Kim's response. 

"Something orangey, please!" Lynn added. 

I pulled out some orange spice teabags and put them in the teapot. I walked back in the living room and knelt down behind the couch between Kim and Lynn. I kissed Lynn for a moment, then Kim, then stroked their hair. 

"I'm very lucky," I said. 

"You are," Kim said, "but we're luckier." She kissed me again for quite a while. Lynn finally cleared her throat pointedly. We broke our kiss and looked at her. 

"Can I get some of that, too?" Lynn said. 

The electric tea kettle clicked right then, so I stood up and said "Kim, would you take care of that, please?" 

"Of course! C'mere, you." Kim took Lynn in her arms and started kissing her vigorously. Lynn broke for just a moment to say "That's what I was talking about!" and went back to necking with Kim. Leaving the ladies on the couch, I walked back into the kitchen and poured hot water into the pot. I hooked three cups in one hand and the teapot in the other, and brought everything out to the living room. Kim and Lynn were still going at it. 

"All right, break it up, you two. Kim's got a story she promised to tell us." I set the pot on a couple of coasters and said "We'll let the tea steep for a few moments. You're on, kiddo!" I resumed my former position on the couch. 

Kim stopped kissing Lynn and said "Oh, very well! Is everyone comfortable?" There was a little shifting around on the couch and Lynn and I said "Yes." 

"Okay, here's how I know about how much fun futons are." Kim leaned back a little on the couch, took a deep breath, and said "I had graduated from college and was living in the studio apartment I'd lived in for my senior year. I wasn't doing anything that summer because I'd saved up enough money that I didn't need to worry about living expenses until at least October."

"Really?" I said. 

"Bear in mind that this was 20 years ago and I had a much lower standard of living than I do now. Rent for this place was $650 a month including the utilities, I didn't have cable, I wasn't planning on traveling, and about the only food I had delivered was the very occasional pizza, so I could live on $1000 a month. I had saved almost five grand over the last couple years and I was kinda worn out from my last year, so I wanted to just lounge for a while." 

"Ahhh, I gotcha," I said. 

"So the first couple weeks after commencement were spent sleeping and listening to music and reading for fun, things I'd almost forgotten how to do. I started running again, which was really hard at work because I was so out of shape. I would get winded easily and didn't have much stamina. Then I'd go home, shower, lie around, read, go to bed, sleep late, and do more of it the next day."

"Sounds idyllic," Lynn said. "Sounds roughly like being a big cat." 

"Oh, it was!" Kim said. "The only thing I didn't have was someone to pet me regularly." 

"You still had your little friend, though, didn't you?" I said.

"Actually, I had an even better one at this point. The one I told you about that I'd shown my roommate, Donna, had given up the ghost late in my junior year. The motor burned out and it wouldn't vibrate anymore." 

"It still was a nice shape," Lynn said. 

Kim smiled and said "The shape wasn't bad, but it was hard plastic and a little pointed and I didn't like the idea of risking getting vigorous with something that could poke or scratch. So I went toy shopping." 

"Where'd you go?" Lynn said. 

"There was a new adult store that was aimed at women that had opened up the year before. It was upscale enough but there wasn't anywhere near the level of products that you can find at Castle these days and it was years before the Internet was accessible by mere mortals. But I did find a really nice soft plastic dildo, a big purple one."

"Wait, is this the same one--?" I began.

"No, it's not the one that I've got now, but it's the same model. Some years later, when I wore that one out, I got another one very similar to it just because I'd liked it, but that's another story," Kim said. 

"So, back to the story," I said. "You were by yourself at the time and you had this futon."

"Yes," Kim said. "But I think I need you two to snuggle me a little more." She sighed and put her feet up on the coffee table with her legs spread. I looked at Lynn, who looked at me. We shrugged and snuggled in closer to Kim. On a whim, I started kissing her right breast. Lynn followed suit and soon we were both sucking gently on her nipples. Lynn looked up at Kim with her mouth still occupied and said "Mmmmmm?" Kim smiled at her and said "Well, since you two are doing such a nice job of snuggling…" 

"Okay, so it'd been two or three weeks of quiet time and catching up on my sleep. I was playing with the big purple dildo, which, in a fit of creativity, I'd named 'Big Purple--" Lynn and I both snorted--" but I started thinking I really wanted to get laid, good and hard." 

"What'd you do?" I said, then went back to suckling on Kim's nipple. 

"I didn't like the idea of just picking someone up in a bar and taking him home. It lacked finesse and the chance of getting someone who was just so-so was too high. I wanted someone who might actually be good at what he was doing."

"Like John?" Lynn asked.

"Yeah, like me??" I said.

"Pipe down, both of you!" Kim said. "I ended up phoning my former roommate, Donna. She'd gotten around quite a bit at the beginning of our senior year, as much for stress relief as anything else. I thought she might have a recommendation for someone who'd be good for a steamy, hot boffing. I phoned her and laid my plight out for her." Kim shifted a bit and inhaled deeply, arching her back. Lynn and I stopped sucking her nipples and kissed our way up and around her shoulders, then her neck, and finally started kissing her lips. Kim responded happily, but said "I need my mouth free to tell this story, you guys!" Lynn tucked her head on Kim's shoulder, while I lay my head in Kim's lap. "That's better," Kim said. 

"Now, as I was saying--" Kim said to both of us, pointedly "--I phoned Donna and asked her if she knew someone who might be available for something vigorous. Donna was greatly amused but sympathetic and said that she'd think about it. It'd been over a month since we'd last talked since we'd both been busy with finals before graduating and we hadn't been social at all."

"A couple days later, Donna phoned me back and said she thought she had someone in mind and could she come over and show me a photo to see if I was interested? That sounded like a great idea, so I told her 'Yes' and she knocked on the door. I made coffee and we sat down and compared notes on finals and the thrill of being graduated at last and what we were going to do and so on. After about 15 minutes, I said 'You said you've got a picture to show me?' 

"Donna laughed and said 'I was wondering how long you were going to wait. I bet you've been about to burst to ask me that.' I blushed and said 'Yes.' A moment passed and I finally said 'And are you going to show me the picture or do I have to take it off of your bruised and bleeding carcass?' Donna laughed even more and said 'You only had to ask, Kim.' I stuck my tongue out at her as she handed over a couple pictures."

"Jim was a pretty good-looking guy, I had to admit. The first photo showed him sitting next to a guy I knew from an English class and one I didn't. The second photo was of him playing a guitar at a party. I handed the pictures back to Donna and said 'He looks pretty good. Tell me more, please.'" 

"Donna said 'I met him in Chemistry class. His name is Jim, he plays the guitar as you can see, he has a nice voice and sings pretty well, he's fairly bright, and he listens well. He is also fond of plump women.' I asked her how they ended up in bed together and Donna said 'We were at a party at the mid-summer picnic last year and just hit it off. It wasn't anything special, but we were both looking for something nice. As a matter of fact, that's how I know he prefers plump women. There was a thin brunette in a little halter top at the picnic who was showing some interest in him and he was polite and pleasant, but he kept talking to me. The skinny brunette was disappointed but Jim was clearly interested in me and the way I looked more.' 'Oooooooh, that's really nice!' I said. 'Yup,' Donna said, 'it made points with me, too. So after spending several hours together, we left the picnic and he took me back to his apartment and we proceeded to really go at it.'"

"I said 'Tell me more, you're on a roll so far.' Donna said 'I liked him. He was very attentive and had good stamina.' She paused and I said 'Anything else?' Donna said 'I enjoyed sucking him off.' I said 'That's hardly a distinction for either of us and you know it! Anything else?' Donna smiled and said 'Noooooo, that's all I'm going to tell you,' and she grinned sneakily. 'You are up to something, girl!' I said. 'Possibly,' Donna replied, 'but you're not going to know what unless you invite him over.'" 

"Further prying was not fruitful. Donna was being catty and wouldn't tell me what it was that was special, except that she was sure that I'd like it, whatever the hell 'it' was. We talked for a while longer about what we were planning to do over the summer and then she gave me Jim's phone number and she left. I looked at it for a couple minutes and then I thought 'What the hell?' and phoned him up."

"Jim answered and Donna was right: he did have a nice voice. I introduced myself as Donna's friend and we talked a bit. We had a number of people in common and it turned out that we'd actually met at a mixer a couple years ago. After chatting for a few minutes, Jim said 'What can I do for you, Kim?'… and I was stuck. I hadn't thought this through enough to come up with a smooth, graceful excuse to get him over and the old 'could you help me with studying for this class?' bit wasn't going to work after we'd graduated." 

"That was silly," Lynn said. 

"What clever thing did you do?" I said. 

"I told him the truth, sort of. I said 'I was feeling like doing something tonight and I didn't feel like doing it alone, and Donna suggested I give you a call and find out if you'd like to do something.' It was truthful if not completely honest, but it was graceful enough that he could say yes or no, particularly if he was tied up with someone else."

"I assume he said 'yes,'" I said. 

"I think he had an idea of what I was really suggesting, but this may have been your typical guy-like projection, too." I nodded. "He was interested in doing something, so we bounced the list of something's off of each other. What I really wanted was to get the two of us alone, but I didn't want to just come right out and say that. We talked about movies, but we'd the disadvantage of being out of school was that we'd both seen most of the good ones already. We talked about foreign films, which Jim turned out to like, too, and we hit on having him over to my place (hurrah!) later that evening and I'd make chicken for dinner and he'd pick up "The Seven Samurai" at the video store and we'd watch that."

"You were a brain way back in college" Lynn said with a snicker. 

"Well, I, uh…." Kim started. 

"Oh, don't worry, honey, I love Kurosawa films, too!" Lynn raised her head off of Kim's shoulder and gave her a quick kiss, then snuggled back in. "Go on with your story of the forcible seduction of Jim." I turned slightly and buried my head face down between Kim's bare thighs. 

"Stop that!" Kim said and tugged on my ear. 

"Oh, gee whiz!" I said, but I lay down the way I'd been before. Kim patted my cheek and continued. 

"I baked a chicken and set out a pot of frozen vegetables and made a salad. The apartment was pretty clean already. I set the table and then took a nice hot shower. I washed my hair and scrubbed everything very carefully--if everything went well, I'd be getting extra attention. I got out of the shower and dried off while looking at clothes. I wanted to be interesting without being too obvious and I also wanted to leave an out in case we didn't hit it off for some reason. I chose a mid-calf length pleated skirt and a light gauzy blouse. The skirt would let me show off my legs and the blouse was open enough so that I could lean down in front of him sorta by accident if he needed encouragement." 
