 This is a true story of my first three way. I have always had fantasies, but never did any of them till now. Names and places have been changed for this story.

*****

I just had a bad break up with my boyfriend about a month before. I had decided that I was not going to have sex with him till I knew I wanted to marry him. That was a new concept for me since I had never had problems sleeping with my boyfriends in the past. It started with meeting a really nice guy and wanting to impress him by being abstinent. It never worked out with him but I then met another very nice guy. We started dating and I told him I wanted to wait for sex. He said he didn't mind and I was one happy girl! 

About seven months into dating was when things started to fall apart. He would work late, never pick up the phone, and always made sure his laptop was put away when I was around. I didn't care that much, but it was odd. After about a month of that, he came over to my apartment and left a box with the manager with all my things and the key I gave him. I was crushed! I later found out, after a couple days, he had been sleeping with one of his co-workers because I wouldn't put out. I was so depressed, thinking "if only I had fucked him, he would still be here". After about three weeks of moping around wallowing in self pity, I called one of my girl friends up and told her I wanted to get plastered! This is where the real story begins!

I ran out to Anna's car all bubbly with excitement! 

"Ready for a night on the town?!" Anna asked.

"You know it!" I said with a huge grin.

I was just excited to get out of the apartment and be all dolled up! Anna was a great friend to be on the town with! She was a guy magnet for sure! She's about 5' 5" with long blond hair, a nice set of C's and slim body to go with it. I'm a little different. I'm 5' 6" with long wavy dark brown hair, almost black. I had put on a few pounds since we were in college, I was now 29, but everyone said I got it in all the right places! Guys could never stop looking at my breasts or my ass. Thankfully my tummy was still flat. About a month before I had been measured for a bridesmaid dress and I measured out at 34C-24-38. My ass and hips got a little bigger then it was before I worked behind a desk, but the added weight to my boobs was not a problem, they were still nice and firm somehow. Anna and I wore some sexy dresses tonight also! She had on a stunning, short blue dress that showed off everything! I was a little self conscious at the time and had on a black, cocktail dress. I knew it was tight, but black always made me feel sexy and sultry and I didn't care! I was going to have a good time tonight!

We got a few drinks and we danced with a few guys and then Anna got distracted by this one guy and left me alone at the bar. I was starting to feel a little down and then a guy walked up to me and asked to dance. I figured what the hell, I kind of wanted to bump and grind and feel a guy ageist me. So we walked out to the dance floor and started to dance. He was a cute guy and he was getting me hot by the way he was touching me and rubbing my body. He couldn't have been older than 22 or 23, but I didn't give care! After about 10 minutes of rubbing and grinding his hard on into my leg and me rubbing my slit on his leg and feeling myself get wet, he leaned in and asked if I wanted to go back to his place. I had a couple more shots and all of my good judgment was gone and I told him yes. I ran over to Anna and told her I was leaving with this guy and her jaw dropped! I looked at her and said "I'm gonna fuck his brains out tonight!" And she just said "You go girl!"

His place was only a short walk and as soon as we got up to his apartment, which was nice, we started to kiss and kiss deeply. He ran his hands down to my ass and squeezed it hard and I then went for his belt buckle. He pulled my dress up to my waist and then moved his hands down to my slit and slid his hands in my panties and into my cunny. Oh god it felt so good to have someone else's hands there other than mine! I got his belt off and then started to drop his pants. We were still kissing and then primal lust took over. I got on my knees and pulled his boxers down with his pants and out sprang the biggest cock I had seen in a long time! I looked at it for a second and then engulfed it with my mouth! It was still getting hard, but it was still a good eight inches. I had learned to deep throat with one of my ex's and this guy loved it! As I sucked his cock, I felt him pull my dress up even higher, and over my shoulders. I still had my bra and panties on, but I could not wait to get this cock in me! 

"Honey, let's go to the bedroom. It's a little more comfortable in there". He said deeply. 

"Ok... I need to grab a condom from my purse, do you mind? I'm not on birth control." I asked.

"I don't care, I just wanna fuck your hot snatch!" He said grinning!

"I wanna it too!" I said with a huge smile.

As we got to the bed room, he got on the bed and laid down, waiting for me to make a move. Most of the time, I never made the moves, so this was new for me. I got on the bed and crawled on all fours to his cock and started to suck again. He was so hard now and I just couldn't wait anymore! I grabbed the rubber, rolled it on, and crawled up the bed just a little more. I pulled my panties over to the side and I looked right at him as he guided his cock to my pussy. He slowly eased his cock in and I just about came then, but held it off. He then unhooked my bra and slid it off my shoulders and started to suck my tits and squeeze and knead them hard. As he did that, I started to rock back and forth. I pushed him in all the way and just went wild and started to hump like I was a fucking slut! I pulled myself up till he was almost out, then rammed him back in. Again and again I did this, without any hesitation. It only took me about 10 minutes to cum and I came hard! We then rolled over, with his cock still in me and then he started to drill me hard! I was in such a state of ecstasy, I wanted more and more! After he fucked me for another 30 minutes, he said he was about to cum.

"Pull out! I want your cum!"

He looked at me like a deer in headlights, but then pulled out, and pulled off the condom. I took his cock in my mouth once again and just as I closed my lips as he blew his load in my mouth! I have to say, one of the biggest loads ever for me! I did it every now and then when I was younger and for some reason wanted it tonight. As I finished sucking and cleaning his cock, I made ure he could see me swallow it. After that, he plopped back down on the bed, exhausted. 

"Do you mind if I get myself something to drink? I need to wash this cum down with something" I asked. 

"Yeah... go ahead. There are drinks in the fridge." 

I walked out to the kitchen with nothing on but panties. I felt so liberated being nude in someone else's place. I then heard the door open and then close. I stood there in complete shock, now knowing he didn't live here alone. As I turned, I looked and saw another young man, about the same age and just as attractive. He looked at me and dropped his car keys on the floor, also in shock. I decided to take control of this situation and walked over to him.

"You must be his roommate?" I asked.

"Ahhh... yeah... Who are you?"

"I'm you friends fuck buddy for the night, wanna a piece of this ass too?" Having no idea how those words came from my mouth.

"Well that's a stupid question!" As he leaned in to start kissing me.

"Where's your room?"

"Oh... ahhh... over here..." He said, at a loss for words.

"Sweetheart, don't worry. I just feel like a slut tonight." I told him.

As we walked into his room, I told him to strip and get on the bed. As he got on the bed and laid down, I slid my panties off, and then got on top of him and started to suck his cock! I needed to fuck more and I didn't know why, I just needed it! He got hard really fast so I knew he wouldn't last long so I moved myself up and slid his 7 inch cock in my pussy! I was feeling like such a slut! Never in my life had I ever done two guys in one night! It was making me so fucking horny and made me fuck him harder! I drove his dick in me as deep as I could, not caring that he didn't even have a rubber on. As I was rocking back and forth, his roommate walked in.

"What the fuck Matt?! Shit man, I'm the one that got her here and now your fucking her?" He said.

"Oh fuck dude... she came on to me... Oh fuck... She's good Jake!"

"Well, what's stopping you from fucking me now?!" I could not believe I said that.

"Oh fuck yeah!! You sucked it once already slut, suck it again!"

He walked over and stuck his cock in my face and I started to suck him off! Here I was, the first time ever, with two guys. One fucking my pussy, one fucking my mouth! God I was feeling like such a whore, but I loved it so much and it just fueled my lust for more! I could feel his friend tensing up and I said "hell with it" as he blew his load in my pussy! As soon as he was done pumping his seed in me, I stopped sucking Jakes cock; Matt's dick flopped out, I slid down and started sucking it. Jake got behind me and shoved his dick in my pussy. Here I was sucking one guys cock, and getting fucked doggie at the same time, it was so surreal. I used to watch this shit with my old ex's, but never thought of doing anything like it. 

After another 10 minutes, I got Matt hard again. I looked at him and I pulled myself out of Jake to sit on Matt's cock. I started to rock Matt's cock again and getting into it. Then I felt Jake behind me. I was starting to sober up and realize what I was doing now, but for some reason I still was out of it. Then I felt Jake's cock on my ass check and realized what he was doing. 

"Jake, I've never done that before!"

"Well, there's a first time for everything isn't there!" 

"What's going on?" Matt asked.

As soon as he said that, Jake grabbed my hips, set his cock at my ass hole and started to push. I didn't know what to do! I had never done anal in my life and was scared about how much it could hurt! Jake took his hand pulled Matts cock out and scraped as much cum from my pussy as he could and lubed his cock and my ass hole. 

"Shit Jake! Your gonna fuck her in the ass?!"

"Oh yeah, and she's gonna love every minute of it!"

As he said that, his cock head popped in. Matt then slid his cock back in my pussy and my eyes rolled back in my head, not knowing if I liked it or hated it. He kept pushing and his cock eased in. I fucking came right there and my body tensed up so tight and made Matt cum in me again, as I came with him! 

"Holy fuck! Oh my god!"

"You like that?!"

"I don't know yet... Give me more and we'll find out..." Again, not knowing how this was coming out my mouth.

He started to pull in and out of me slow and steady, with Matt's cock still resting in me. My ass was being stretched and it was a little painful at first, but then pleasure took over. The thought of two guys in me, fucking me was making me want more! Jake started to get into it, his momentum got faster and faster! I didn't know what Matt thought off Jake's balls slapping his, but when I started to rock on his cock again, he didn't care! The feeling of two dicks going in and out, almost rubbing each other was such a hard feeling to describe.

"Wanna change it up Matt?" Jake asked.

"What do ya mean?"

"You gotta fuck her ass dude, its tight as hell!"

"Yeah, why not!"

"Hey... what the fuck is your name anyway?" Jake said laughing!

"wow... My name is Kimberly." Laughing, realizing we never did give each other our names. 

"Why don't you get up and sit on Matt's cock, so he can fuck you in the ass."

"Mmm... ok" I said as I got up.

"Oh... Hold on a minute!"

Jake ran out of the room, cock swinging. It made me laugh a little that we were still screwing like we were. Jake came back in with some pills for Matt.

"What's this?" Matt asked.

"Viagra bro! Gotta keep your shit up! We can't leave Kimberly wanting more and not being able to deliver!" He said looking at me with a wink and giving me a sweet little kiss.

"Well, I told my friend I wanted an exciting night... You guys have the day off tomorrow?" 

I didn't even know why I asked, but it just came out. They looked at me and both said yes. I just looked at them and said "good thing you got those pills!"

Matt took his pills as he still sat on the bed. I looked at him and then backed myself on top on him, pulling my ass checks apart, waiting for his cock to push in. As soon as his head was at my hole, I took a deep breath and pushed him in! It still hurt a little going in, but as soon as he was in it was all pleaser. Jake then came up on top of me and slid his cock back into my dripping pussy and started to fuck the shit out of me! Jake was ramming into me so hard that Matt didn't need to do anything for his cock to pull in and out of me! 

We did this back and forth all night and into the morning! I woke up at about 1pm, with a cock still in my pussy. I got up and took a shower since I was so coved in cum, but then Jake then found me and we started kissing in the shower. I just couldn't get enough and grabbed Jakes erect cock and inserted it in my dripping pussy! But I needed more and more! As he was holding me up against the wall, I could feel more cum leaking out of my ass hole from the night before and it made me hotter and hotter! 

"Jake, fuck my ass!" I said.

He didn't say a word, just pulled his dick out of one hole, and slid it in another! Fuck it felt so good this time! 

"Oh fuck me harder Jake!! HARDER!! HARDER!!" I sounded like a whore and was enjoying every minute of it! 

As we were fucking, Matt walked in the bathroom, he could tell we were going at it hard core. I looked at Jake and he knew I wanted more. He pulled out and stood me in the shower. I opened the door and pulled Matt over. 

"I need your cock... in my mouth... right now..." 

I bent over and started to suck Matt's cock, as Jake got behind me and slid back into my anus. Matt grabbed a hand full of my hair and pulled my head down to the root of his cock, getting it all in. I could tell Matt was about to blow and I just kept sucking, waiting for it.

"Oh fuck... keep sucking baby... oh yeah..." Matt whispered.

"Ready for some more?" Jake asked.

"Fill me up hun!" I said, with Matt's cock still in my mouth.

Right then he blew a nice big load of cum in my rectum. I could feel it oozing out as he kept pumping in and out, fucking me till his cock was empty. When they were both spent, I finished my shower and cleaning up. As I got dressed, I walked over to the guys and gave both of them a deep kiss and thanked them for an amazing fucking night. On my way out of the building, I called Anna to come pick me up. When she got there at about 4pm, I told her every detail. She didn't even believe I really did it, since I'm such a good girl. Even we good girls have crazy things we do. This just happened to be the first, in a six month, or so, stretch of me being a slut.