 This is a continuation of the first story in which Brian visits his cousin. After a football game and bar time, they share a bed. This story picks up the next day.

*****

After going to a college football game with my cousin, partying for a few hours at the bar and spending the night in bed with her, I woke up with a hang over. My head was pounding so I took some pain relievers and ran cold water over my face. It took almost an hour before I felt somewhat normal again. We packed up our belongings and checked out of the hotel.

On our way home from the hotel, Heather and I chatted, reminiscing about the football game and bar activities from the day before. When we recounted all the way back to her stumbling back to the hotel, our conversation hit an awkward pause. I didn't know if I should discuss the events that happened afterwards, if they truly did happen and were not a figment of my sleepy imagination.

Heather takes a deep breath and looks at the road as she navigates the wheel of the car. "Nothing about this weekend is to be spoken about to anyone else other than the football game and the bar."

I nod my head in agreement. "I agree completely. I wondered myself if anything else truly happened or if it was all just a great dream."

Heather's face changes from a blank stare to a large grin as she turns and looks at me. Her blue eyes are beaming. "Oh, it happened alright!"

When we arrive at her apartment, we make breakfast together and lounge around for most of the morning, leading into early afternoon. Heather is sitting on the couch, watching NatGeo with me when her cellphone starts to ring. She answers it with an enthusiastic voice and chats with whomever is on the other line for several minutes. She stands up and starts pacing back and forth as she recants college events over the phone. 

At the end of her conversation, she says, "Why don't you get whoever's available together and come over to my place for a little fun and don't forget to bring your bathing suit, unless you prefer to swim without."

My ears perk up. I am suddenly interested in her conversation. I turn away from the television and look at her. She is smiling from ear to ear. I watch her intently as she walks back over to the couch and takes a seat right next to me. She puts her arm around me and cuddles up to my chest. I am in suspense and wait anxiously to see if she is going to elaborate on who is visiting, before boldly inquiring.

"Are you ready to have a good time before you leave tomorrow?" Heather asks in a playful voice.

"Sure." I reply enthusiastically. "What is going on?"

"Oh, nothing much. Just a few of my college buddies are coming over for a little fun." she says slyly.

I don't know exactly how I should read into her comments, nor do I know exactly what she means or is implying by saying, "for a little fun".

Heather disappears upstairs for a little while. I go back to watching the tv for awhile until she returns. She has changed into a "Pink" ensemble. She is wearing a pink t-shirt that looks to be stretch material and a pair of black sweat pants that hug her curves. Her hair is also pulled up into a pony tail. She walks past me, swaying her hips back and forth and heads into the kitchen. I read her ass, which says "Pink" in pink letters across her butt cheeks. I cannot help but watch each cheek flex with each step she takes. I feel my groin stir with excitement. 

I hear dishes as she places them on the kitchen counter so I stand up and make my way into the kitchen to see what she is doing. We make some "weiner dogs" and nacho dip in preparation for guests. When Heather places the dogs in a crockpot, I push my hips up against the back of her and wrap my arms around her taut stomach. Leaning in, I place a few soft, quick kisses on the back of her neck, where her little hairs gather.

"You had better knock that off." she says to me, as she turns around and pushes me away. I notice that her nipples have hardened and are pressing against her tight shirt. I walk away smiling, knowing that my kisses have turned her on.

Around 4pm, the guests start to arrive. Heather's college roommates, Tracy and Susan arrive first. When the doorbell rings, Heather rushes across the apartment and invites them inside her apartment. I trail behind her and introduce myself. I shake Tracy's hand, while looking into her bright, green eyes. She has freckles all over her face and her bright red hair is pulled back into a pony tail. I do my best not to check her out while standing in front of her. 

Susan smiles at me and shakes my hand as well. I am able to catch a glimpse of her huge breasts as I turn away. Susan is wearing a light-blue pair of running shorts with pink outline and a blue t-shirt that helps keep her breasts in check. When she walks past me, I do my best not to let my jaw drop at the sight of her large, tight derriere. I am impressed, to say the least. 

Heather catches me checking her friend out and simply laughs. The girls are carrying backpacks with clothes hanging out of the top. We venture to the kitchen and mingle for a few minutes until the doorbell rings again. I take the opportunity to check out Tracy as she rushes for the door. 

She has average size breasts and not much of a butt to write home about. She does, however, have a gorgeous face and dick-sucking lips. 

Along with Heather, another girl walks into the room. Heather hugs her and introduces her as Samantha. "This is my bestie from my freshman year." She says before continuing. "We were flat mates in the dorm rooms long before we could ever legally drink."

"Not that that ever stopped us." Samantha chimed in. Everyone starts to laugh.

We chill out inside the apartment until the sun starts to set. Apparently, that is when the games begin. Heather pulls out a few shot glasses then opens a cup board door to reveal her stash of liquors. All the girls cheer. I am liking where this was heading.

We start playing a few drinking games including "High-Low" and "Up and Down the River". I start to get a good buzz after an hour or so. The girls are full of giggles and becoming touchy-feely so I assume they are feeling pretty good as well.

Heather goes back into the cup board and pulls out a green bottle of liquor. All the girls say in unison, "Pucker!" when Heather holds the bottle up into the air. I assume this is something that reverts back to their college days.

Heather pours a shot for everyone and I watch as Heather and Tracy do a shot simultaneously, then finish it with a seductive kiss. My eyes bulge out of my head. I can't believe what I had just seen, but I like it. Susan and Samantha pair up and repeat the actions. I can feel my testicles starting to churn and an erection beginning to form.

"Hmmm! Brian doesn't have a partner." Heather exclaims. "Any volunteers?" 

Tracy jumps forward in my direction and says, "I will."

I smile at her and relish in the opportunity to kiss her thick lips. We do a shot together and then our lips meet. Her wet lips taste like strawberries as I sucked on them, exchanging saliva. We must be kissing a little longer then normal because the other girls start to cheer. I hear one of them say, "Woah!".

Samantha throws out the idea of getting into the pool so the girls rush into the bathroom and quickly change. I don't have a swimming suit, but I decide my boxers will be about the same as swimming trunks. For the first half-hour we sit around sipping on a glass of wine. The girls are playing catch-up, sharing all that is happening in their life since they have last been together. I sat back and observe with pleasure.

We start playing a game of water wrestling, where one person gets on top of another persons shoulders and the person on top attempts to push the person off of another person's shoulders, into the water. 

I am nominated to be a bottom person for the first game. Heather climbs on my shoulders while Samantha climb onto Tracy's shoulders. I hold onto Heather's firm thighs, to steady her, as I walke toward the other two girls. Heather and Samantha are pushing back and forth, trying to knock each other into the water. Samantha starts falling forward and I begin to lose my balance, stumbling backwards. Samantha falls into us and pushes us backwards into the water. Tracy is dragged forward and falls on top of me as we become submerged under water. I am taken by surprise when I feel a hand on my dick.

I open my eyes and saw Tracy's hand wrapped around my boxers. She stroked me twice before letting go. We all scattered and raised our heads above the water. We were all laughing and having a good time. Tracy winked at me when her head popped out from under the water.

The next game, I was on top of Tracy's shoulders and Susan was on top of Samantha's shoulders. I took it easy at the beginning, not wanting to overpower Susan. We jostled with each other for a few seconds before Samantha reached in and shoved my shoulders with her hands. Tracy took a step back then came charging back. I grabbed her shoulders and did my best to shove her off of Samantha's shoulders. 

My hands slide off her slick shoulders and I fell forward. I attempted to grab onto Susan so that I would not fall forward. What I ended up with was a two hands full of Susan's breasts as I Tracy and I crashed into Samantha and Susan. 

When we fell into the water, I let go of Susan's breasts. Again, we all lifted our heads out of the water. We had drifted close to the shallow end and were only waist deep at this point. I looked at Susan and said, "I am sorry."

"Don't be." she laughed as I looked down at her breasts and noticed her nipples were hard, poking through her swim suit. I sat on the sidelines and watched the other four girls compete during the next round. I am not sure what happened between the time they fell into the water and a second later when they rose their heads out of the water, but Heather and Tracy's lips were locked in a passionate kiss.

Sonya was swimming under the water in my direction. A watched her thin body approach me until she popped out of the water, a foot away from me. To say she had a model like body would be an understatement. I watched her wet, black hair pop out of the water. My eyes gravitated to her firm, breasts which had to be a "C" cup. My eyes continued down to her muscular stomach and small hips. My head lifted when I felt her hands cup my face. I looked up to find her lips pressing against mine.

I wrapped my arms around her waist and pulled her against my body. I felt the bulge in my pants press against her body as she seductively sucked on my bottom lip. Her right hand slid down my chest and under my boxers. I gasp when her warm hand surrounded my manhood and started stroking me. I pulled away from the kiss for a second and looked into her dark, brown eyes. I was totally unaware of the other girls in the pool at this moment.

Unaware the other three girls had approached me, I felt my hands being restrained and my boxers sliding down my legs. Sonya wrapped her legs around my upper body as I was pushed back against the edge of the pool. Sonya grabbed my face firmly pressed her lips to mine once more. I tried to see what was going on around me, but her face and shoulders were blocking my view. My hands were pulled back by Heather and Tracy. I heard the girls laughing hard then suddenly I felt warmth surround my hard dick. Samantha had swam under Susan and wrapped her lips around my meat. 

I grunted into Sonya's mouth as I felt the lips move up and down my hard dick and feel hands cup my testicles. It was an initial instinct to fight the girls off, but I quickly gave in and let the girls have their way. The warmth surrounding my dick withdrew and I heard movement in the water, then I heard a gasp of air. A second later, I felt the lips surround my nether region again. 

Heather and Tracy moved in between my arms and body and started planting soft, wet kisses on my neck. I was not going to be able to take much more of this before I would explode. This lasted for another minute before Susan came up for air. 

"The steps." I heard one of the girls say. Next thing I know, my body is being dragged over to the corner of the pool. I am pushed down onto the middle of three steps, my hips are now only six inches under water. Heather and Tracy are still holding my arms so I cannot use them. I feel what must be Susan's hands begin to stroke my dick a few times before she holds it still.

"Ready!" I hear her exclaim. In what seemed like a milasecond, I feel Samantha slide down my body a few inches. Next, I feel my dick being maneuvered until I feel extreme heat surrounding it. I look down and see Samantha sitting on my pole. Her hips begin bouncing up and down. I moan hard and feel my hips start moving along with her body. I want to hold her hips and suck on her breasts, but I am bound by the two other girls. 

Much to my delight, I see Susan climb the steps and straddle my chest. She pushes my head back until it is resting against the concrete edge of the pool. She places her feet on the top step and lowers hips until I am staring at her crotch trough her wet swim suit. I can see the outline of her pussy lips. I thrust my hips forward into Samantha and moan loudly. I see Susan pull the material of her swim suit to the side and bury her pussy in my face.

I do my best to lick and suck on her pussy as she grinds it against my face. Her moans turn me on even more. I have a hard time focusing on Samantha riding my pole and Susan riding my face at the same time. My attention swings back and forth between the two events happening simultaneously. Raising my eyes, I see a pair of lips on each of Susan's breasts. I realize that no one is holding my arms any longer, even though Heather and Tracy are still in between them and my body.

I start thrusting my hips up inside Samantha harder and faster as I grow closer to an orgasm. I can feel my balls starting to shrink inside my sack as a rumbling fire travels up my groin. Both, Samantha and Susan are moaning wildly. My body goes into overload and I moan deep into Susan's dripping pussy. Her face is now grinding me with much aggression. I do my best to hold my tongue out as her clit grinds against my mouth. Over and over, I feel my dick spurt my come deep inside Samantha's walls.

"Oh my God." I hear Samantha exclaim. 

Samantha continues to grind her hips on my pole for another minute until I am almost too sensitive. I feel her walls clasp down hard on my dick. She whines and moans for several seconds, sending Susan into an orgasm of her own. I feel my face coated with Susan's cream as her pussy grinds hard into my mouth and nose.

Susan and Samantha fall back into the water and leave me lying on the edge of the pool, naked and uncovered. Heather and Tracy climb out of the pool and dry themselves off before heading inside her apartment building. 

I turn and watch their beautiful bodies as they disappear through white French doors. I climb out of the pool and dry off, feeling a numbing sensation from my orgasm in my dick. I look back and see Susan and Samantha chatting quietly on the opposite end of the pool. Susan looks over at me, smiles and winks, then returns to chatting with her friend.

Making my way inside to change clothes, I hear Heather and Tracy giggling upstairs. I start to make myself a drink when Samantha and Susan enter the kitchen. They have dried off and dressed. I am surprised at how quickly they changed clothes. Samantha is typing a message on her cellphone as they approach me.

"How was it?" Susan asks simply.

I grin ear to ear and try to think of a good answer. "More than I ever expected and worth ever second."

Susan leans in and kisses me on the cheek. "Good. We have to get back to our boyfriends at Samantha's apartment. It was very nice to meet you."

When she finishes talking, the two of them turn and head for the front door. Samantha turns back and says with a smile, "Maybe we will see you around again sometime." The two women wave goodbye and exit the apartment.

I take a moment to reflect on the events of the past hour as I sip my glass of vodka and orange juice. The girls are making a lot of noise upstairs, laughing, shouting at each other and making pounding noises that sound like they are jumping or falling to the floor. Wanting to know what they are up to, I make my way up the stairs.

Opening the door to one of the bedrooms where the noise is coming from, I see Heather and Tracy wrestling each other on top of a king size bed. The bed spread is falling off the edge of the bed. I step inside the room and watch the beautiful sight. There is something so attractive about watching two females wrestling around on a bed.

"Don't you want to join us?" Tracy says, laying on top of Heather and holding her arms over her head. 

Heather is not fighting back. I leap onto the bed, only to have both of the girls leap onto me. It is now two on one. It is at this point that I realize this has been their plan all along. Each woman wiggles their body between my chest and my arm. They each wrestle my arm above my head, while lying on top of my chest. I look up and see Tracy reach under the pillow. She pulls out a pair of blue handcuffs, wrapped in a blue fuzzy material.

I try my hardest to pull my hands away from them, but I am not strong enough to fight each of their bodies off of my arms. It only takes them a few seconds before my hands are handcuffed to a metal rung on the head board. Heather and Tracy high five each other and roll off my body.

"Really?" I ask.

"What?" Tracy asks, "Don't you like bondage?"

"Well, that depends on where this is going." I reply.

The girls reposition themselves on the bed until they are facing each other in a kneeling position, each on one side of my hips. I watch with interest as the two smiling women both lean in and start making out with each other. I feel my penis start to swell.

Heather breaks the kiss after a few seconds and looks down at my growing dick. She looks up at me and grins. I smile back at her just before she turns away and returns to her make out session with Tracy. 

"I never knew you were into girls, Heather." I say in curiousity.

The girls break their kiss and turn toward me. Without looking down and keeping her eyes locked on my face, Heather nonchalantly reaches down and wraps her hand around my swelling dick. She starts to stroke me softly as she begins speaking. "I didn't date for the first two years of college because I didn't want to get pregnant and was too busy partying and studying to focus on a relationship. You don't think I just masturbated for those two years do you?"

"Perhaps he thought you were not sexual during those years." Tracy chimes in.

I moan softly from the sensations of her warm, smooth fingers softly and slowly stroking my dick. I want to close my eyes and enjoy the pleasure, but I fight to keep my eyes open and focused on Heather. After a moment of silence, I hear Stacy's sweet, charming voice begin talking again.

"Four girls living in an apartment together and you don't think we would make out or experiment with each other? I know you men fantasize about such things and women say it never happens, but really it does...more than you men ever know. It starts out just looking at each other, then wondering if another girl's breasts feel like our own."

"Mmm." I moan as Heather's hand continues to please me. She is now making long strokes up and down the length of my hardened dick. My hips start to move along with her slow, teasing actions. I feel my body starting to heat up. 

"Touching turns into making out, which leads to wondering if being touched by a woman feels as good as playing by yourself." Tracy chimes in again.

"Next thing you know, you are fingering and being fingered." Heather says.
