 It had been a very rough year for Penny. A divorce eight months ago and then she lost her job three months ago. She had just finished another job interview and was turned down again. She even dressed a little sexier this time as she wore her black stockings and a little shorter black skirt and tighter black top. She was beginning to get really depressed as if she didn't find a job soon she would be evicted from her apartment. The beautiful thirty year old needed a drink and stopped at the local bar down her street.

When she sat at the bar she could feel eyes throughout the room staring at her but all she wanted now was a drink. A lot of them. She downed five quick shots of tequilla and was beginning to feel a lot better and relaxed. She looked across the bar and her eyes met the gaze of a handsome man sitting by himself at the other end of the bar. After a few moments the man began to approach her. She was nervous as since the divorce she had sworn off all men but found herself attracted to this man.

"Thirsty, are we?" The man asked her.

"Hard day. Needed a little escape." She replied.

"My name is Joe."

"I am Penny."

"Pleased to meet you Penny. May I buy you another?"

"You can buy me as many as you want."

So Joe bought her several more as they sat getting to know each other. Penny had told him everything that had occurred over the last eight months and Joe was a good listener. They were really getting along and Joe was constantly touching Penny on her knee and occasionally felt her thigh. She loved it as she hadn't had a man touch her in a long time. 

"Would you care to dance, Penny?"

"Yes." She answered.

So the two went out to the dance floor just as a slow song began playing. Penny held Joe close as she felt his hands work his way up and down her back. She was pleasantly surprised when he began to gently kiss her and she couldn't help herself and began to kiss him back. His hands still exploring her and making their way to caress her firm ass. She could tell he wanted her as she could feel his cock harden against her body. She wanted him, too. 

When the song was over they returned to the bar and they were quiet as they both felt the sexual tension between them. Finally, Joe asked.

"Would you like to go outside and get some fresh air?"

Penny had no objection as they went outside where the bar had a deck. When they made it outside they were the only ones there. It was getting late and the evening was getting cooler but they didn't care. Joe took Penny by the hand and they walked towards the end of the deck where they would have some privacy. When they got there Joe grabbed Penny and gave her a long hard kiss and Penny let his hands explore her breasts and her ass and anything he could get his hands on.

Joe spun her around facing away from him and pushed her up against the wall and began by kissing her on the back of her neck. Penny was moaning in pleasure as she loved the feel of Joe's kisses. He stopped and got down on his knees and started working his hands underneath her skirt. She didn't resist as Joe began pulling her black panties down and removed them. Joe could do anything he wanted to her. 

He started by burying his face into the crack of her ass and began eating her pussy from behind. Penny was in heaven as her pussy hadn't had any attention in a long time. Her breathing was getting heavier and heavier as Joe worked her pussy over and when she was about to cum Joe started licking her little asshole. This made her pussy explode as she had never had a man lick her ass. 

She quickly turned around and Joe stood up as she dropped to her knees. She took Joe's cock out and took it in her mouth. Slowly, she sucked his cock letting him enjoy the sensation of her warm mouth. Slow wasn't good enough for Joe and he picked up the pace and started roughly fucking Penny"s mouth. No one had fucked her mouth like this before but she was enjoying the sensation of Joe's cock hitting the back of her throat. The gagging sounds echoed throughout the night letting anyone with earshot would know what was happening. 

The bar had closed and Penny hadn't noticed the bar's owner and bartender had come outside and had witnessed the sight of Joe and Penny. The owner Bob knelt behind Penny and slid two fingers inside Penny. Penny was a little slow in realizing they weren't Joe's fingers. When she tried to take her mouth off of Joe's cock he wouldn't let her. He forced all of his cock inside her mouth and she couldn't object to Bob's fingers.

Bob helped Penny to her feet and slammed his cock inside her pussy. She wanted to resist but it felt too good. When Joe could tell she was enjoying herself he pulled his cock out of her throat and watched as Bob began fucking Penny as hard as he could. The bartender Wally came over and Penny hungrily took his hard cock in her mouth and let Wally fuck her mouth like Joe had. Joe was enjoying the beautiful Penny being fucked. He knew she would be his when she walked in the door.

"Let's take her inside. " Joe told the other men.

So they took her inside the bar and led her to the pool table. Bob climbed up on the table first and laid on his back and Penny followed him up and happily jumped back on his cock sliding up and down his cock like it was going to be the last one ever inside her. Wally resumed the position and put his cock back in her mouth. The two men continued to use her pussy and mouth and Penny couldn't get enough. After a few moments of enjoying the sight Joe climbed up on the table also.

The two men stopped as Joe climbed behind Penny and slowly slid his cock in her ass and stopped when it was all the way inside her. Penny was gasping for air as no man had ever fucked her ass before. 

"You love having my cock in your ass don't you?"

"Yes. I never knew how good it could feel." She responded with Wally's cock in her mouth.

Then in unison the three men continues the assault on Penny. She had never been with more than one man at a time and couldn't believe how good she was feeling as three men were fucking her. 

"Harder....Harder..... Harder...." Was all Penny could say.

The three men obliged her. The grunts of the men and the moans of Penny resounded throughout the bar. Penny screamed as she cum harder than she had ever before. Her body was shaking as the men continued to fuck her like she had never been fucked before. Joe was about to cum and Penny sensed it as she was ready to feel cum in her ass for the very first time. Joe fought the urge as long as he could and finally came inside her ass. Penny loved the sensation. 

Wally knew he wasn't going to last much longer and he took his cock out of Penny's mouth and moved behind her and took Joe's place in her ass. He fucked her ass for a few moments and then he fianally came in her ass. Penny felt like a dirty little slut as she savored the second load of cum in her ass. Bob knew he wasn't going to last much longer so he pulled Penny's pussy off his cock and moved behind her and slammed his cock into her ass. He continued to punish her little ass and lasted as long as he could and then he finally came in her ass also. Penny couldn't believe she just let three men fuck and cum in her ass. She loved it. She loved letting the men use her. 

She just sat on the table on her knees enjoying the sensation of the cum draining 

out of her ass and down her thighs. The three men each rubbed their hands up and down the inside of her thighs scooping their cum onto their fingers. All three let Penny clean their fingers off letting her taste her own ass. Joe knew she was his. 

Bob and Wally went and got dressed and before leaving Bob tossed Joe a set of keys. 

"Lock up when you are done."

Joe just stared as Penny was in a trance still thinking she was being fucked. Her body moving back and forth on the table. Finally, she stopped and looked back at Joe who was now dressed. 

"I can't believe I let that happen. I have never done anything like that before. "

"You enjoyed it, though didn't you?" You wore all three of us out. "

Joe could sense a little shame in Penny but enjoyed the fact that getting dressed never occurred to her. 

"I have a proposition for you Penny. You need a job and I am looking for a special assistant at my company. It pays fifteen hundred a week plus bonuses. Are you interested?"

"Yes, but what would I have to do?"

"I have clients and potential clients who fly in for visits. You would be picking them up at the airport and take them to a hotel and just make sure you get them whatever they need."

"You want me to fuck them don't you?"

"Honestly, yes. The last girl made over one hundred thousand dollars last year. You will love the bonuses and the tips my clients pay. You said it yourself that you are desperate for money. You won't make that kind of money anywhere. You obviously like to fuck so I don't see a problem. Here is my card. Think about it and call me if you are interested."

Penny got off the table, got dressed and left the bar, alone. She was confused and stunned at what she had done. She had lived a very conservative lifestyle and she just let three strange men use her. Her ass was sore but she knew deep down she enjoyed being fucked in her ass and she would want to feel that sensation again. 

When she got home she went directly to the bathroom and took a long hot shower and pondered over the propostion Joe gave her. He was right. She was desperate. She needed money and this was the only job offer she had after three months of looking. She was backed into a corner and she knew it. 

She finished her shower and paced her beautiful naked body back and forth in her bedroom all the while clutching her phone trying to work up the courage to call Joe. Finally, she called him.

"Hello."Joe answered.

"I'll do it. What do I have to do?" She asked.

"Just come down to my office Monday morning. Relax this won't be that bad. It's not like you will be fucking a different guy everyday. You will spend most of your time as my receptionist. See you Monday." Then Joe hung up. 

Monday morning arrived and Penny was very nervous as she walked into the building of her new job. She made it to Joe's office where he conducted his business. She walked through the door and was greeted with a smile from Joe and another man. 

"Hi, Penny, this is Jack Billings. Could you make us some coffee and bring it to my office when it is ready? Jack and I will be in a meeting for awhile discussing business."

Yes, sir. I will have it right away."

The two men disappeared into Joe's office and Penny went and made coffee. When the coffee was ready she knocked on the door and walked in. She placed the coffee on Joe's desk and quietly left. She could feel Jack's eyes staring at her as she left the room. Penny looked amazing in her tight and short black skirt and pink top. 

She sat out at her desk for the next hour all by herself with nothing to do. The phone didn't even ring once. Then the beep of the intercom on her desk went off.

"Penny, could you please come into my office." Joe asked.

So Penny walked into his office and walked to Joe's desk. 

"Penny I need you to go make some copies of the contract Jack has just signed."

When Penny reached for the contract Joe took her by the hands and pulled her towards him forcing her to be bent over his desk revealing her tight little ass for Jack. She knew this was going to be her first test.

Jack quickly moved behind Penny and raised her skirt revealing her pantiless ass. Jack couldn't get his cock out fast enough and without mercy drove his hard cock into Penny's pussy and started fucking her like there was no tomorrow. Penny screamed at the assault but it wasn't long before she found herself enjoying Jack's cock fucking her. Joe was proud of her and let go of her hands and began to take his cock out. Penny greedily took his cock in her mouth and Jack and Joe began fucking both ends as hard as they could.

Penny knew she was changing into a dirty little slut. She knew what she really wanted.

"Fuck my ass Jack. Fuck it hard."

Jack pulled his cock out of Penny's pussy and roughly forced his cock into her ass and began fucking her ass as hard as he could. Penny loved his cock inside her and kept urging the man to fuck her harder. Joe couldn't control himself as he enjoyed watching Penny's transformation into his own slut. Joe forced his cock as far down Penny's throat that he could and began to cum down her throat. She swallowed as much of it she could but there was so much cum that some of it was rolling out the corners of her mouth and down her chin. 

Jack knew he wouldn't last much longer after watching Joe cum in Penny's mouth. Jack picked up his pace and violation of Penny's ass and after a few moments came inside Penny's ass. Penny loved the feel of his cum in her ass even more than three loads of cum she enjoyed the other night. When Jack was finished cumming he pulled out and forced Penny down to her knees and made her take his cock in her mouth and clean him off. When she was finished Jack pulled his trousers up and shook Joe's hand and left the room.

Joe handed Penny an envelope.

"This is for you. It is from Jack."

Penny was still on her knees and when she opened the envelope she counted a thousand dollars. She sat there quietly.

"You did really great for your first time. Now get on all fours for a minute."

Penny could hear Joe rustle through his desk and when he found what he was looking for he came back over and knelt behind her. He gently pushed a butt plug into her cum filled ass.

"I want you to leave that in your ass until you get home. I want you to feel like a dirty slut with Jack's cum in your ass all day. You can go back to your desk. Oh, and you might want to clean my cum off your chin, also."

When Penny left Joe's office she found the restroom and was about to wash the cum off her face when she stared at herself in the mirror. She loved how she looked with the cum dripping out of her mouth. She never believed she would like the taste of cum like she was beginning to do. 

She cleaned her face and returned to her desk with the butt plug still in her ass. She had to admit it was very uncomfortable but she liked the feel of Jack's cum still inside her. 

The rest of the day was uneventful and at four thirty Joe popped his head out of his office and told Penny.

"You may go home Penny. There is nothing more to do today You did great today."

Penny just smiled and grabbed her things and started her way home. She had just enough time to deposit the thousand dollars in her account and when she got home sent off the check to pay her rent. 

She headed for the shower and when she got in she reluctantly pulled the butt plug out of her ass. She loved the sensation of gravity pulling the cum out of her ass and down her thighs as she enjoyed the hot shower. 

When she finished her shower she couldn't help herself and put the butt plug back in her ass. She needed to feel her ass being full. She didn't care if it was a cock or a butt plug or any other object that could be dreamed up. 

Penny fell asleep naked with the butt plug still in her ass. It was the deepest sleep she had had since her divorce eight months ago. She had dreams about the fucking that day and the fucking outside the bar a few nights before. When she awoke her fingers were inside her pussy and the butt plug still in her ass. She had made herself cum during the night.

She got dressed for work wondering what the day would hold. Would she get fucked today or would it be just a boring day at work. 

When she made it to work Joe was in his office going over paperwork.

"Come in here, Penny, please."

Penny entered his office and walked to his desk. 

"Come around to my side of the desk, Penny."

Penny did as she was asked wondering with excitement he wanted. 

"Turn around, Penny, with your ass facing me and bend over."

Penny did as she was told and Joe enjoyed the view of pantiless ass and the butt plug in her ass.

"I had a feeling the plug would be in your ass. You really love being fucked in the ass don't you Penny?'

"I never dreamed that would be something I would enjoy." She replied while still bent over touching her toes.

Joe stood up and pulled the plug out of Penny's ass. 

"Since you like your ass being fucked then every morning to start our day I am going to fuck your ass."

Joe pulled his hard cock out and started to fuck Penny's ass. This time he really wanted to enjoy her ass for as long as he could and slowly guided his cock in and out of her. Penny wanted him to fuck her harder but she let him enjoy her at a his own pace. The slow pace went on for a good twenty minutes when Joe started to fuck her harder and harder and harder. Penny was shoving her ass back to meet every thrust of Joe's cock and when Joe was about cum to he forced his cock all the way in and just held it there. Then he was cumming like a fire hose putting out a fire. 

Joe pulled his cock out and put the plug back in her ass. He pulled his trousers back up and then told Penny.

"You may go back to your desk Penny."

Penny did as she was told and spent the rest of the day at her desk with Joe's cum and the butt plug in her ass. It was a good day again.

For the next two weeks Joe was the only man who was fucking her. She really thought he would have had her fucking all sorts of men but so far Jack had been the only other man to fuck her. It was the easiest fifteen hundred a week she had ever made. 

She was sitting at home alone on a Friday night when the phone rang. It was Joe.

"Penny, this is Joe. I need you to go to the airport and pick up a client named Carl Johnson and take him to the hotel and get him checked in. I will be meeting with him Monday morning. His plane will arrive at eleven PM at gate B. It is flight number 215. See you Monday. "

Penny was a little nervous after hanging up the phone. This would be the first time Joe wouldn't be with her. Who knows, maybe, all she will have to do is get him to the hotel.

She arrived at Gate B fifteen minutes early. She looked stunning in her short little red dress. The little dress showed off every amazing curve of her sexy body. Eyes were staring at her from every direction in the airport. 

The plane arrived and after a few minutes the passengers began deboarding the plane. She wondered what Carl looked like while she waited holding a sign with Carl Johnson on it. She didn't have to wait long as a very large man began walking her way with a very big smile on his face. 

"You must be Penny. Joe said you would be waiting for me. You are even more beautiful than what he told me. This is Bill, Brian and Chuck. They are my associates. Are we ready to go?"

Penny hadn't noticed that Carl had company. All four men stood at least 6' 6" or better. Penny began to walk towards the exit and the four men followed never taking there eyes off of Penny's ass. They made it to the parking lot and they climbed into the company SUV. It was a very quiet trip to the hotel as noone spoke a word. 

They made it into the hotel and all the men were checked in. They got on the elevator and proceeded to ride it to the 40th floor. Carl was standing directly behind Penny and started to gently massage her ass causing Penny to moan a little in pleasure. Before she new it she had four sets of hands fondling her breasts and ass and she was in heaven. When the elevator stopped they all stopped what they were doing just as the door opened. 

They began to walk down the hall and when they were just a few doors away from Carl's room, Carl began to unzip Penny's dress from the back and it easily slid off her body falling to the floor. She was naked in the hallway where anyone could see her and it was making her wet just thinking about it. 
