 We slept late, all of us. Mark and Donna were the first to wake. When Wendy and I woke we were alone in the big bed, her laying with her back to me. I cuddled up to her in a spooning position and listened to her breathing. She stirred and rolled over to face me. I smiled at her and she smiled back. "I feel like last night was a dream." She whispered. 

"I know what you mean." I said. "But it's not a dream. Here we are in all this glorious flesh. Together, with so much to share and experience together. It's like a weight lifted. I was almost ready to accept that I would never find someone who could appreciate my true nature."

The smell of coffee overwhelmed us. "Let's get some coffee and we can talk more, okay?"

When we entered the kitchen Mark and Donna welcomed us with smiles. "And how are our two lovers this morning/" Donna asked. 

"Wonderful. We thought we'd get some coffee and talk for a while." I answered. It was a little strange but I was completely at ease taking the dominant role in the conversation even though I should have been the outsider here. After all, it had only been one night. Mark and Donna had showered and dressed but Wendy and I were still naked. 

"You might want to slip something on, it's a little chilly out" Donna suggested.

"That's a good idea. I'll get us some clothes." Wendy responded and disappeared to the rear of the house. Mark and Donna were seated at the breakfast bar. The kitchen wasn't large but it had an island with a breakfast bar and lots of cooking space. As I walked around the bar Donna rose and met me face to face and I felt her reach and cup my balls and caress my flaccid cock. She was looking me in the eyes and asked "Are you for real?" I understood her question to mean was I just working the situation to get what I wanted. Was I going to disappear and leave her friend hurt and alone again. 

"I understand your concern, both of you." I said as I looked from her to her husband. "And I know it might take some time for you to really trust this, but I promise you, I'm not planning on going anywhere."

They looked at each other, then at me and finally smiled. "Okay, we'll give you two some privacy. Then later maybe we can all talk some more." Mark suggested.

"That would be perfect.' I assured them. Wendy returned wearing a simple flannel PJ outfit. She also brought me some of the same. "These might be a little big on you but they'll keep you warm." She laughed. I liked her laugh. It was simple and genuine. I thought it told me that she was at ease.

"I love those PJ's.' I said. "They're sexy on you.

"Somehow I think that everything is sexy to you." She said laughing again. 

"Well, I admit I have a huge sexual appetite and varied interests, but not everything is sexy. I like simple things, things that aren't complicated. I think sexual communication shouldn't be a puzzle that someone has to sort out. It should just be direct. Like your PJ's, simple, uncomplicated by worrying over what they look like. Functional. That makes them look sexy." She did a fashion turn, showing them off, along with her breasts and her ass, then smiled and did a bow. "Fabulous" I said as I cupped a breast in my hand and gave her a kiss. "Would you like something to eat?" 

"Mmm, yes I'm starving." 

"Okay, let me cook us up something."

"You cook too?" She seemed surprised.

"Well, I'm not a chef, it's just breakfast." I laughed. 

I cooked us some omelets and we sat at the bar and ate and talked. We shared about our previous marriages and families and work history and all kinds of things. It wasn't sex talk but it told me a lot about who she was and that had everything to do with our sexual identities. I hoped she was learning as much as I was. Eventually we got around to the sex thing. My sense was that she was really shy, unsure about some of her sexuality. She had no reason no to be confident about her looks but like so many women I think she compared herself to all the wrong things. 

"So, Let me try some things I think I know about you and see how I do, okay" I asked her.

"I don't know if I know myself very well, really, but okay." 

"First, You like when someone else is in charge. I think it releases you from having to think or make decisions, makes it easier for you to just open completely up and let everything wash over you. You don't like to give yourself permission to do that. I think you think you don't deserve it, but you do, because everyone does. Second, everything revolves around your clit. You have a sensitive, strong clit that generates most of your pleasure. You love it sucked and fingered and rubbed and licked and just generally stimulated in every way. I especially love that, by the way. Thirdly, your nipples are connected to it as well, when I was pulling and tweaking them you felt it all in your clit. Even while fucking you want your clit to be stimulated. It keeps your arousal going longer. How am I doing?" She was blushing a little.

"You're right about most of it. I do enjoy the feeling of a cock just pumping me, but it sure adds pleasure when my clit is stimulated too." 

"See, you know yourself better than you think. You're just afraid to focus on things."

"Maybe."

"No maybe, lover. But we have a long time to work on it together, right?"

"You're really serious, aren't you? I mean, last might was amazing and all, but part of me thought that reality would set in this morning and it would have been a fun time with some incredible sex and that would be it. It's happened before. It's disappointing but ..."

"Well, you don't know me deep enough yet. How much did Mark and Donna tell you about the things we chatted about?"

"Not a lot. They try to be pretty protective of me because of an incident with a guy once."

"Yeah. They kinda hinted about that. But the thing is... well... I think you are beautiful." I realized I was being pretty serious so I thought I'd lighten it up a little. So I added "Saggy tits and all" with a smile. She smiled. Good, she got it. "and it was not only incredible, awesome sex last night it was more than that. Because the thing that takes it beyond incredible sex is that we were one. I felt that. I meant that. See, what I told Mark and Donna is that I am not impressed with casual sex, no matter how good it might be. Having a soul mate to share the fantasies and experiences with is life changing. It transcends physical sex. So, I am not planning on going anywhere. Unless you want me to."

We looked at each other for several minutes. I wasn't sure if she was trying to figure out what she wanted or if she was trying to figure me out. Finally she whispered "Okay."

"So when you're comfortable I really want to know all about you, what you want and what you think." I told her. "And if you want to know about me just ask, okay? Anything. So what would you like to do today? Do you have plans?"

"No, we can just hang out of you want."

"That would be cool. I'd really like to know more about your relationship with Mark and Donna. Unless it's a big dark secret."

"I'm sure they'd be fine with that. They'll probably want to drag us back to bed later anyway."

"So just how insatiable are they?" I asked. "I mean they said they had a pretty huge appetite but that can mean different things to different people."

"Truth?" she looked at me with a smile. 

"Yeah, of course. Always the truth."

"Well, Mark explains it like this. It's driven by Donna. He helped her come out of her shell a long time ago and when she opened up she just exploded with sexuality." She hesitated, then added "Do you think being slutty is a bad thing? I mean immoral?"

I leaned in and kissed her deeply. Looking in her eyes I answered "I believe being slutty is the most natural thing in the world." Though there was much more to say I wanted to let that sink in.

"Well, Donna is a true slut. Some people use the term nymphomaniac, but that implies being crazy. She's not crazy. She is just truly insatiable. She loves it, every bit of it. She never gets tired of it. Sometimes Mark and I make her cum all night, into the morning. Oh, not that we don't get our enjoyment out of it. It's exciting to be with her...and to share it all with her, with them, you know?"

"Yeah, like last night. " I interrupted.

"Yeah, and this morning. I woke up early to pee and I heard her coming. Mark was getting her off with his fingers and she looked at me with her lusty eyes, you know like you saw last night, and asked me to suck her off. So I did."

"Did you enjoy it?"

"Yeah, it's like, making others cum is a thrill, makes me fel powerful. It's almost as good as coming myself. Then I curled back up with you."

"Almost." I said

She smiled and agreed. "Almost."

"So what about you? How often do you let the inner slut come out to play?"

"How often do you?" she retaliated.

"Okay. Ten years ago I was on the verge of thinking I was addicted to sex. I wanted to fuck all the time. I had several contacts with couples that held swing parties. Some wanted threesomes with a guys. Some were all out orgies with lots of people. But the swinging scene is just a lot of people using each other. It's really not much about sharing anything. And I began to realize that having my cock in one cunt wasn't all that different from another cunt. I was having trouble figuring out what it was I really wanted. I spent a lot of time alone at night, fantasizing. So, I started a profile that spelled out some of the fantasies and I realized there were a lot of people out there who felt the same as me, who wanted more, but wanted to share it with someone. So I've met some cool people. Some I even stay in contact with. But no one that I felt really got me. Or shared the kind of thing we shared at the first instant. Now, it's about quality, not quantity. But when the quality is right, there is no limit. Well, not NO limit. You know, I'm not thirty anymore. Let's just say that when it is right, the desire is always there. Evert day is foreplay and every night can be playtime." I moved behind her on the bar stool and wrapped my arms around her and hugged her tight to me. I whispered "Bottom line...There is nothing I wouldn't do to give you every pleasure you want whenever you want." I spun her around and kissed her and looked into her eyes as I finished "and the more you want it the more it would turn me on."

"Well, I'm not as free as Donna is...yet."

I was thrilled she used the word yet. "Well, then I have a mission in life now, huh?" I smiled. "speaking of being turned on, How about we see what Mark and Donna are up to? You suppose she's still flyin high?" Her response was to stand and strip off her pjs so i did the same. My cock was almost hard, and it was dripping pre-cum again. I saw her looking at it. 

"So I guess the quality is right, huh?" she smiled. "If she's not, watching Mark clean that up will get her started again."

"So what do you suggest?" I asked her.

She slipped a finger through her slit, bringing it to our mouths to taste together. "Feed it to him. Wait."

She grabbed her cell phone and started to text. "Let's fire them up first." I leaned over her to see what she was texting. ("You two worn out yet.") We waited for a reply. It didn't take long. ("Been resting. Ready for round three? Donna's been ready for a while.")

"Let's go. Feed it to him and let her watch. She'll be on you two like a leech. "

"And you" I asked tentatively.

"I wanna watch too, but sitting on that huge one in there."

"Mmmm. And I'll be watching that too."

As we entered the sitting room we found Mark reclining on the sofa, his head laying back against Donna's shoulder. Mark had on a pair of athletic shorts, short cotton ones. Donna was wearing a cotton flannel shift. It was pulled up around her waist and she had one hand in her crotch, slowly moving back and forth. 

"So you two been turning each other on in there?" Mark asked.

"How's this?" I asked him as I approached with my dripping cock in my hand. The head was covered in silky clear pre-cum. I walked right up to the sofa and raised my right leg and forced it behind Mark's back on the sofa as I guided the cock right to his mouth. He welcomed it with a slurp, then pulled off it with closed lips to get all the leaking pre-cum, and right back on it to get more. I was watching Donna. Her eyes were glued to the sight of Mark's mouth enveloping my cock and she started rubbing harder on her pussy. Wendy had been right though, because after a few sucks she took some pillows and pushed them under Mark's head so she could slide off the sofa and join him on her knees at my cock. 

"God I love sucking cock with you, babe." She said, almost in a whisper. 

"I know babe" Mark replied as he fit my cock to her mouth. They were both good at what they were doing.

"You're a cocksucker, Mark. You're a filthy fuckin cocksucker. Cum eater, pre-cum licker. MMMm I fucking love it!" The alter ego was out to play again. I looked at Wendy who had removed Mark's shorts and was settling her wet slit down over Mark's large headed cock. We locked eyes as she hit bottom. She closed her eyes and moaned. As she rose up off it I reveled in the sight of her beautiful bald cunt lips clinging to the shaft. It made me want to eat it, to get my tongue in there and clean her cunt juice off it as she fucked. I told her ..."I can't wait to eat that up, Wen."

Her eyes were closed. "Mmmm. Let me get a couple of cums on it, get it filthy juicy for you, lover. Then when you get my clit I'll squirt for you."

"God, I've died and gone to heaven." I remarked.

Donna's reply had a guttural tone to her voice. "Heaven's nothing like this, Ran. This is too fuckin good."

"Yeah, you're right slut. Too fuckin filthy good." 

This was the second time Mark and Donna had double teamed my cock and balls. I decided I could get used to it pretty easy. Wendy was lifting up so far that Mark's huge mushroom head was coming all the way out of her pussy lips. Just before it lost contact with her pussy she would set back down so that the mushroom head would work against her clit on the way in. It was so large that it took a lot to get it in and that was the way she liked it. It put more pressure on her clit and when it finally slipped past her inner labia it almost made a pop, right on that clit. As I watched it I reached out and grabbed her right tit in my fingers. Her left one was closer to me but I had discerned last night that the right one was more sensitive, and I pulled it and let it snap out of my fingers. 

"Oh, yes. Yes. Do it again Ran." She was almost ready. I waited another couple of strokes and pops on her clit before taking her nipple again. This time I pulled it gently but firmly, then twisted it and rolled it in my fingers and she came.

"Yeah, yeah, pull it you fucker. Pull it again." She was getting there, almost as free as Donna. I decided right then she had every bit as much potential as Donna. I pulled it harder and rolled it again and she came again. 

"I'm sorry you two, as much as I'm enjoying this I need to get my tongue in that pussy."

"Of course you do, Ran. That's where you belong." Mark instructed.

I pulled my cock from the grasp of them both and knelt, telling Wendy to turn around. She spun herself without getting off his cock and lay back against Mark's chest. He was almost flat on the sofa now. Donna crawled up and sat on his face as I moved into Wendy and Mark's connection. Wendy was moaning with each stroke now. I wasn't sure how many times she had come but I knew the next one would be delicious. As she settled to the bottom, cock buried balls deep in her, I attacked her clit with mouth and tongue. I lashed at it with broad flat strokes of my tongue and then sucked it into my lips and sucked hard on it. Her lips were so fucking wet my face was covered in it and I savored the taste of her. Mixed with the juices I'm sure Mark was adding it was a nectar from the gods. 

And then it got even better. As I was sucking her lips she reached down and frigged her clit really fast. She started squirting. It splashed all over my face and I opened my mouth and tried to seal it over the source and swallow. I almost came myself from the pure joy of it. I was ecstatic. I was moaning my pleasure into their sopping wet fucking union, not able to ever get enough. Sucking and licking everything I could to get more. She must have squirted at least a half dozen squirts. I tried to get it all but somewhere in the middle of it all I realized Donna was there with me, eating, licking, sucking and slutting. 

I realized she had straddled my leg with her cunt so she had something to rub her clit on and she was completely lost in her lust. "Mmmmm, keep cuming on my husband's cock cunt. Give us more fuck juice. Gotta have more fuck juice. Make him cum for us. Need his cum. Suck his balls for him, get the filthy fuck off so we can eat that fuckin cum."

I did as she said eager to watch Donna eat Mark's cum out of that beautiful cunt. And then I felt the contractions in the fucking prickshaft. It pulsed and I knew it was plowing his cum deep into Wendy. Wendy moaned and came again when she felt it burst into her cervix. She was grinding it balls deep on every stroke and waiting for it to pulse again before riding back up the shaft. Donna and I were trying to keep up with the cunt cream and cum that was being pumped out around it. Finally he stopped pumping and withdrew his cock slowly. 

"Clean him up, I get the cunt." Donna said , almost a command. As soon as Mark's cock slipped out past Wendy's labia she dove for the open sloppy hole of Wendy's cunt. I took the cock in my mouth and cleaned it. I was jealous of Donna, but I could still taste the delicious cunt cream coating the cock. I fucking loved it. 

"I FUCKIN LOVE IT. LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE IT!" I think I was loud. I hadn't even cum but I didn't care. It was fantastically erotic, again. For the third time this awesome woman and her friends had unleashed the part of me I loved...and they wanted to share me too.