 Chapter 3 – Settling In

Ahh, the reality of age. I always arose early to use the bathroom and returned to bed, trying not to wake her so I could just watch her sleep and contemplate the events that had taken place. It had been three weeks since the evening we first met. Hardly an eternity. But there was an easiness in the way things had worked out. The first three days were an all-out abandonment to the pleasures we all shared. We slept all together in the big oversized bed. But, finally, on the third night, our ages caught up with us. We all realized we were just completely fucked out. That night Wendy and I retired to a smaller bedroom. I lay in bed waiting for her to finish a bath. She came to bed in a long cotton tee shirt, which I had learned was her usual attire for bed. Before she could climb into bed I stopped her... "Wait. Please, just show it to me?"

She stood and lifted her tee shirt above her waist, exposing her glistening bald pussy lips. I just loved looking at it. She had puffy lips that always appeared to be open, even when she wasn't particularly turned on. Her clit was small and never really protruded like some women's did. But it was still the center of everything as I had correctly discerned before. And when she was all revved up she secreted a flood of pussy cream that was the sweetest I had ever tasted. Silky, almost like male pre-cum. And sweet, really sweet. I never tired of it.

"Thank you, love. Now come to bed." I welcomed her into my arms with a hug.

"Are you okay tonight?" she asked. I assumed she was asking if I wanted anything at all. 

"I'm just fine. We can both use a little recharging huh?"

"Is that what you call it?" she asked. "I think we're just coming to grips with our ages." She chuckled.

"Well, that too. But I feel like a teenager again. Even now, in my mind I still want you but I know I couldn't."

"But we know it will only make it better by abstaining for a while. Right?" 

She was right. So we waited. We cooked together, we shopped together. We even spent time apart doing personal things. She lunched with some friends. I spent some time repairing some things around my own house. In the back of my mind I was trying to decide whether to approach the subject of her moving in or not. We hadn't talked about that yet. How would she feel leaving Mark and Donna's house. Would she even want to. She had lived there for almost five years. How would they feel about it? There were a lot of questions. We did a lot of talking about everything. 

On the following Saturday, after abstaining for the rest of the week we woke and ventured into the kitchen to find Donna making breakfast. "Hungry?" she asked.

"Starved." I answered. Wendy shook her head in agreement.

"I was just making some bacon and eggs. I put some more on."

"So what do you and Mark have planned for today?" Wendy asked.

"Just doing some shopping and then hanging out this afternoon, why?" Donna said casually.

"We'd like to talk with you guys about something." I responded.

"Okay. When we get back we can talk over a late lunch. That okay?"

"Perfect." I assured her.

Wendy and I made a salad and cooked some grilled chicken and surprised our hosts when they returned. We all sat at the patio table and ate as we talked. "We've been talking about where we go from here. Wendy and I, I mean. I've been repairing some things at my home. My house is on the market but I'm not sure whether to go ahead with that. I was going to downsize." I started

Wendy abruptly took over. "Whether or not we are married, we are certain that we are together, forever. We want to know how you feel about that. I've been with you both so long...and I don't ever want to lose what we have together... I guess it's kind of complicated." 

Mark and Donna were looking at each other with a knowing look. When Mark spoke it was softly, quietly but with conviction. "Wendy, you don't owe Donna and I anything. We want only for you to be happy. Whatever you two decide is your business. We would never presume to interfere with any of your decisions."

"But I feel like I'm part of you, like you're part of me."Wendy interrupted him.

"Yes, and we feel the same. But you musn't be afraid of reestablishing yourself, with Randall, you two as one. Donna and I will always be here for you both, for whatever relationship you want that to be. So, Randall, if you want to sell your house you two are welcome to stay here as long as you need. Hell, forever, if you want. I know it's unconventional, but we all know we are anything but conventional anyway. And the sex...well, it's no secret we would be disappointed not to be able to continue sharing that...but we will enthusiastically support whatever you decide to do."

"It's so much a part of our lives I don't know how I would live without it." Wendy said.

"Of course you can. If it's what you want. Donna and I have always wanted you to get to this point. And here you are...facing a future of happiness with a man you obviously love and are intimately compatible with...willing to share a future of exploring life with you...You only have to look at the options and decide what you want."

"You mean you would want us to live here? Together? All four of us?" She asked.

"Only if it's what you want, Wen. And no decision you make will ever change our love or our relationship with you. Okay?" he assured her.

Wendy looked at Donna. "Are you sure, Donna?"

"Of course, Wendy. You are like our own blood. We just want you to be happy." Donna smiled and hugged her.

"What about you Randall?' Mark brought me into the conversation.

I was ready with quite an answer. "A few months ago I was ready to give up. The prospect of finding a relationship such as this seemed to be impossible. Five long years of searching. Dozens of unsatisfying hookups, swingers parties, one night stands. All those people who just didn't get it. People who thought they were having fun but were merely treading time until they find themselves alone and unfulfilled. Guys who just wanted to stick their cock in one cunt after another. And women who wanted things they weren't capable of having, or keeping. Sometimes I wondered if I really was right about it all. Was I being too ...what's the word...metaphysical about it? Too cerebral. But I maintained my quest. To find a partner who believes in the same things I do, who is interested in a relationship on the same terms and for the same reasons as I do."

I paused a bit gathering my thoughts. They were silent waiting for me to continue. Of course there is more to life than sex. We both are certain of our love for each other and our desire to live as one. But I believe sex is the lifeblood of a relationship. And when it comes to sexOne: In the human existence.. sex is the single most real, alive, moving experience life has to offer. Two: That the imagination is the most incredible aphrodisiac there is. And three: That orgasms should be unending and most of all shared. And here you are. Wendy...my true soul mate. We share all that right? You and I?"

She interrupted me which was a surprise. "Not only do we share all that but we share other things too. Like believing that a woman's man is her king who she will always desire to please. And a man's woman is his queen who he will cherish."

"Exactly. And not only that but we have a supporting cast. You two (sweeping toward Mark and Donna) are in agreement, yes?" I asked. 

"Most assuredly." Mark replied. I think Donna was getting turned on, god love her. True to herself.

"Keep talking Ran, you're making me wet." She smiled. I knew it!

"Wen and I have settled on us. It's about freedom within the union of two. Freedom of expression and desire and need, but always within the concept of commitment and sharing. We will rarely engage in any one on one sex with anyone other than each other. We will, however, freely express and engage in any sexual activity that excites the arousal, increases our desire or enhances the pleasure of either, always with each other participating and sharing every glorious orgasm." I said this looking into Wendy's eyes and she into mine, with smiles. 

"So, you seem to be inferring that there might be room for four on this journey." Mark suggested.

"I am, rather, we are." I said.

"Well, Donna and I would be thrilled to accompany you both. We would love to join our union of two to your pledge. And since we are here, we think we should just stay here. Our home will be your home, a perfect home base, both to launch into adventures and to retreat for intimacy, both as our own couples and for sharing. If you would have us...we would most enthusiastically have you both. You have most definitely proven yourself, Randall. What do you say?"

It was just what we expected would happen, and what I wanted to happen. But the only thing that mattered really was is it what Wendy wanted to happen. 

"speeches are one thing...but it is reality we are talking about now...so Wen may need some time to decide. It's like you said Mark, it really is all about what Wendy wants."

She was all over it... "I don't need any time at all. I say yes. Yes to all of it. Yes to my lover and friend. Yes to my soul mate. Yes to my king. Yes to my wonderful supporters for the last five years. Yes to our dreams. Yes to our future together, all of us." She was crying as she finished and it almost brought us all to tears. Tears of joy. We hugged, Donna and Mark hugged. Then we all had a group hug. 

Mark spoke, to Donna but it was intended for us all. His words revealed a little more to me about a dynamic in their relationship that I had glimpsed but wasn't totally sure about. He knew Donna completely. He adored the slut she was at her core. He knew what caused her inner slut to wake up and demand attention. And he intended to give it attention. And this was one of those times. "Well, my sweet slut, looks like you're going to get to play again tonight." She kissed him with glassy eyes. Then he said to us "A honeymoon is in order, don't you think?"

"Come on Donna. Let's go prepare for our honeymoon with our Kings tonight. It will be a love feast." Wendy suggested

They went to bathe and shave and prepare for our evening. After they were gone Mark suggested another twist. He took me into the sitting room to discuss it. 

"It's time for a little disclosure, a perfect time really." He started."Something Wendy knows but was sworn to secrecy so please understand her not telling you."

"I understand if she made a promise to you she would never break it. That's not a problem." I assured him. I was curious where this was going. 

"Since we are going to be in this all together it is something you will need to know. Hopefully, you will be accepting of the situation. After all, what is a honeymoon celebration without friends and family?"

"Are you saying you want to invite friends in tonight?" I asked, not sure at all how I felt about that.

"It's more than that and not nearly as casual as that sounds." He was hesitating. 

"Just say it, Mark." I pushed him.

"Okay. There is a couple, a very special couple, whom Donna and I have shared with that we would like to include. It wouldn't be on a permanent basis but an occasion like this is a perfect time to include them. You see,... they are family." He looked at me questioningly. I didn't flinch.

"And you want them to be included tonight?"

"I know Donna would be thrilled. Wendy has met them, she played with us once but being the fifth wheel she always said she would prefer if we enjoyed our foursome. I have a feeling Donna is having the same conversation with her now."

"And they share our interests?" I asked calmly. I was really beginning to see this as a positive.

"Completely, sexually and emotionally and the entire package." He assured.

"You say they are family..." It was a statement but it was also a question.

"Yes, you see..." He hesitated again.

"Mark, it's okay. Just say it. Who are they?" I had bought in by now, I was interested.

"Our daughter Melanie and her husband Greg live about thirty minutes from here. It's actually very interesting timing because with the fasting we have been doing I knew that Donna would be coming out of her skin tonight. I think she was talking with Melanie this morning."He finally confided to me. He looked at me as if to ask my approval.

"Wow, Mark. That's incredible. Why were you so afraid to tell me?"

"You said yourself, things that are hot to some, may seem a bit weird to others. Hard to reveal, you know."

"Yeah, I did say that didn't I?" I had to chuckle a little bit. Even a confident slut still had fears of exposure sometimes. "I can understand that, Mark. But the truth is, I think it is totally hot and you're right. Tonight is a perfect time to include them. So, if Wendy is okay with it then I am all for it."

"That's great. You won't be disappointed. Thank you Randall."

" So how did all this happen anyway?"

"They were having some problems a few years ago. Melanie came to stay for a few days to sort things out and...well...I guess Donna decided to open up and set her straight on how to make a marriage work."He chuckled a little at that. "It really set them on a path to complete commitment. It worked so well that Greg came to talk to Donna to find out more about it and she told him he'd have to talk to me."

"And you gave him the total slut speech?" I asked with as smile.

"Oh, no. Donna had already done that. I gave him the cherish the queen speech." He was smiling again.

"Good choice, but..." I was waiting for the rest of the story.

"It was actually Greg who asked if they could join us. Melanie knew, of course. They had discussed it.

"Wow. You are so blessed. So does Melanie...ah, not sure how to ask this..." I stammered a little.

"She has here mother's genes, Randall. All of them. I think Donna always knew it. She is a true slut, just like her mother." It was not a judgement, but a statement of pride. 

"I look forward to meeting them both, if not tonight then soon." I said with a smile. I hoped Wendy had said yes.

Donna poked her head around from the corner of the hallway. Mark looked at her and shook his head yes. It was clear he was telling her my answer. She smiled and shook her head as well. This was going to be a great celebration. I could hardly wait.

"I better make a phone call." Mark said rising and heading for the kitchen. 

"Yes, please do." I encouraged him. "And I think I'm gonna to take a little nap. It sounds like I'm gonna need some stamina tonight.

I slept for a few hours. Wendy must have joined me for a while. I remember feeling her curl up with me. But when I woke she wasn't there. I was drifting off again when she came to wake me. 

"Ran. Ran, wake up. Melanie and Greg just got here."

"Ok. I'll be right out. What time is it?"

"I think it's party time." She laughed. "It's seven, Snacks are all out. There's a fresh pair of flannels for you right here on the bed. Everyone's waiting to eat. Come on lover." She kissed me lightly. "I'm ready. Are you?"

I was awake now, my eyes adjusting. She was radiant. She was really happy. She looked great in her pretty new floral flannels. Of course, I knew she wouldn't be wearing them very long. "Yeah." I whispered. "I'm ready too."

The others were already grabbing some snacks when we reached the kitchen. Donna sat at the bar on a stool along with Melanie. Greg and Mark were standing on the opposite side. 

"Ah, here they are. The special couple. Randall, this is Melanie, our daughter." She stood up and Wendy embraced her. 

"It's nice to see you again, Melanie." I reached to embrace her and she welcomed me to her. She was a chubby girl, wide in the hips that filled out the shift she was wearing. A little thick in the chest. I imagined her breasts were larger than either Wendy's or Donna's. She had a pretty face, she looked a lot like Donna. And she had her smile. I remember thinking that we sluts come in all shapes and sizes. And none of that mattered a bit.

"I'm really pleased to meet you, Melanie." I was going to kiss her lightly on the cheek, but she moved right into me with a lips open tongue kiss that set me on my heels. "I think the pleasure is going to be all mine.' She said. Straight faced and looking right into my eyes.

"And this is her husband Greg." Mark continued.

After Wendy and he hugged and greeted I moved to him and he pulled me into an embrace too. "Thanks for inviting us to your celebration, Randall." He said. 

I said "Your welcome." Feeling his hardon on my leg. I don't know what they had been doing or saying but these two were definitely charged up.

After we ateand talked more we settled into the sitting room paired off as couples. Wendy and I were on the love seat while Mark and Donna took the sofa and Melanie and Greg sat on the floor. We talked for a while getting acquainted. It wasn't long before Donna was laying back against Mark's chest and her shift had ridden up so her pussy was on display for anyone who was interested. We were all interested, but it was Greg who made the first move. 

"Your mom looks so good, Mel." He said as he moved toward the sofa. He didn't need to ask. As Donna saw him move towards her she opened her legs wide for him. "Mmmm." Was all he said as he began licking her cunt lips. The rest of us watched for a while just letting the heat wash over us. Melanie was the next to move and she went right for her father's meat. "Oh, your leaking Mark. Let me clean that up for you." She licked it off his cock head and then began a slow worship of the beautiful hard prick. She took his head in her mouth and sucked as she pulled off it. She must really like that pre-cum, I remember thinking. A girl after my own heart. Wendy and I continued to watch the display in front of us for another few minutes. Mel sucking her father, while her husband Greg ate his mother-in-law. It was hot. Wendy had opened her legs a bit, an invitation I knew to get my fingers into her wetness. I simply stroked her slit for a while, listening for the tell tale little moans that would tell me she was reaching the point where she could just let go. Donna was already there. 

"Angh, I need to cum, Lick it. Lick that fuckin clit." Greg did but he was also slipping his fingers into his wife's wet hole from underneath her. When Donna saw that she asked Greg "Let me taste it, please. Let me taste that fuckin cunt." Greg pulled his fingers out and brought them to Donna's lips as Mark reached for Melanie's nipples. Donna came hard as soon as she tasted Mel's pussy juice. 

"Mark spoke then. "Let's all get comfortable in the bedroom, shall we?"

When we got to the bedroom Mark had more suggestions. "Since Wendy and Randall are the special couple .. what would you like to get things started?

"it's really all about what Wendy wants. What do you think Wen?"

"Actually watching you all out in the living room gave me an idea. I'd like you all to just continue to do whatever you feel like doing while Ran and I roam between you all pleasing everyone together." She looked at me for approval. 

"Sounds delicious to me Wen. " I said. 

"In that case, bring that sweet ass here Mel. Let's get this cock in that chubby little cunt." Mark said it as he was sitting down on the edge of the bed holding his cock up straight and stroking it. 

As Mel sat on his lap Wen pulled me with her over to them and offered "Let us help with that." Mel sat back and opened her legs wide, even lifting them up higher to force her prominent, chubby mound out at us. I grabbed her legs behind her knees and pushed them back even further, forcing Mark back on the bed and giving Wendy and I room. She took the cock, I went for the sloppy pussy. Mel was soaking wet and tasted very nice. Her juices were different than her mother, richer, thicker and they lingered on my tongue. Wendy was licking Mark's shaft and pumping slowly on it with her hand. It was creating a stream of pre-cum to flow from the tip, which was exactly what she wanted. I pulled back and watched her for a minute then went back to the chubby lipped pussy. As Mel's lips opened more her clit began to grow out from under it's hood. As I licked all around the edges and up over the top of it to her mound it grew more. She began to rock her hips back and forth causing the clit to make little brushing contacts with the tongue that was teasing her. Finally she looked down and pleaded with me to suck it. By now it was huge, more than an inche in length, and full with the labia swelling all around it. It was beautiful. Wen must have thought so too because as I continued to suck on it she was licking all around it with me while continuing to pump Mark's shaft. Melanie was moaning now and we were committed to giving her her first orgasm together. I pulled back from the clit and let Wendy have it as I licked around Wendy's lips, tasting the sweet pre-cum from Mark's cock. Wen sucked the clit in and pulled it away with her lips and Mel moaned."Oh God. Oh fuck that's so fucking good. Keep sucking. Yeah, get it. Get it." I watched Wendy suck and lick it and encouraged Mel. "Yeah Mel, give it to her. Get your cum Mel. Let it go. Wen wants it. You want it. Let it go. Give it to us." Wen was moaning now as she sucked and licked that beautiful clit. Maybe she needed a little something extra I thought. I forced my tongue in under Wendy's head and swiped it around the pucker of Melanie's asshole. It was wet with her juices so I poked my tongue into it. I was surprised at how easily my tongue entered it. I had almost an inch of my tongue right up her asshole when she started creaming. "Oh fuck. Yeah, tongue fuck my ass. Oh fuck, oh fuck. I'm coming. Ungh, Ungh, Ungh." Wen waited for the orgasm to work it's way through before placing the head of Mark's cock at her cunt lips. Mark didn't need any instructions. He flexed his hips to get the head in his daughter's wet slimy hole while we continued to lick and suck. Everything. Cock, cunt, clit, balls, all coated with cunt cream and fuck juice. It was a moment I would look back on later, realizing how similar we were, Wendy and I. How much we loved giving other's that exquisite pleasure of being their fucklickers. That's what we were. Fucklickers. How we loved it, every minute of it. We could almost come just from the pure joy of it.
