 Chapter 4 - The night goes on!

True to her nature it was Donna who always seemed to keep the fires alive in all of us. Once she was ignited she was like a slow burning, never ending candle. She was truly amazing and inspiring. As we all lay resting for a while she was riding Mark's cock, still hard after his fuck with Wendy. Mark was aiding her by sucking on her tits and nipples. Casually, allowing her to continue to come. 

"God you are so fucking amazing mom." Melanie said finally, watching her mother writhe on her father's lap. "You are so beautiful together." Then she said to Greg "I hope we can be like that someday Baby." 

"What makes you think you aren't already like that Melanie?" I asked aloud. She smiled at me as if to say thank you. 

"I agree." Wendy chimed in. "It was you who really ignited our first session tonight."

"Being with you all just felt so right and..."Mel started but was interrupted.

"Yeah, Mel. You were so incredibly slutty, you inspired us all." Greg added.

Greg was playing with Melanie's tits. Tweaking her nipples and taking big handfuls of her 38C globes. I was right about those. They were larger than either Wendy's 36Cs or Donna's 34s. 

"So tell us about your wife Greg. I know she loves having a tongue up her ass. What else lights that filthy fire in her?" I looked at Mel and she was smiling at me.

"Mmmm. You filthy fuck, Randall. You got yours so fuckin deep in me. It was fantastic." Mel said.

"I could tell." I smiled too. 

Wendy spoke up then..."Yeah Greg, tell us what you've learned."

"Wow, you really putting me on the spot. We're not as experienced in all of this as you guys are." Greg was blushing.

"Well, there's no need to feel pressure, or to be embarrassed. That's part of this whole package Greg. All inhibitions should be off the table. And while you may not be there yet we will all be here helping aid in that process." He seemed to relax a little.

Again...it was Donna, the true slut, who tried to enrage all our hormones again. "She's a fucking slut. Aren't you Mel? Just like her mother. Can't get enough cock or cunt or cum. Oh god Mark, finger my clit baby. Gotta cum again."

Mark surprised us all by grabbing Donna by the hips and raising her up off his cock and slamming her back down on it, repeating it over and over while telling her "Never mind that clit, cunt. Feel this fuck meat in your cunt. Come on this fucking cock. We'll all get that clit later. Get it now my cunt. Get that fucking cum you want so bad." She did too. God these two were amazing together.

"See that's what I mean. He knows everything about her." Greg said lovingly toward his in-laws.

"But what you need to understand is her love for him. She would come no matter what he did." I told him.

Wendy spoke up then. "Patience Greg. That's the key. And time to learn. You two have plenty of time. You're only what...in your forties?"

"I'm forty-eight. Mel is forty-five." He responded.

"Well, when I was forty-five I didn't know any of this so you two are getting a great start." That surprised me. I hadn't been sure when she began the sexual relationship with Mark and Donna but I had assumed that she and Don, her first husband, had done some swinging. 

"So tell us one thing Greg." I encouraged him. "Just one thing you know for sure."

He took a breath and said confidently "She wants it airtight. Do you all know what that is?"

"Oh yes, Greg." Mark was smiling. "We are very familiar with airtight aren't we slut?" he said to Donna. 

"Donna was still writhing. "Air fucking tight. All three of my slut holes filled baby. Lots of cocks and lots of cum." She was slurring her words in her slutty haze. She was drunk on her orgasms.

"Is that true Melanie?" I asked her straightforward. "You want three fucking cocks filling you in all three holes?"

We all knew the answer. She had her eyes closed and she was frigging her clit. "Yeah." She finally said, still with her eyes closed. We watched as she opened her legs and slipped her fingers from her clit down below her cunt and buried two of them up her asshole. "In my ass. Cock in my ass." She was almost whimpering.

Mark had lifted Donna off his cock and laid her on the bed. He motioned for Wendy to go to Donna as he got up on his knees and crawled across the huge bed to Mel and Greg. 

"We have three right here, my darling daughter slut. Where would you like this one?" he asked as he held it out stroking it. God he was still hard. I wondered if he had taken Viagra or something. He was leaking again, and I knew it was covered in Donna's cunt juice. I moved toward them.

"In my cunt Mark. You're too big for my asshole . We haven't stretched it enough yet. Lie down and let me ride you, please."

"Of course, honey." He lay down but as Mel was moving to get above him I couldn't resist crawling in and taking it in my mouth. God it tasted so good. I loved cleaning it and sucking more juice out of it before releasing it and allowing Mel to sit down on it. I guided it in for her as she slid down and kept my hand in between them for a minute as she started to slide up and down. I would fondle his shaft as it appeared and flick her clit when it was buried again.

"God have you always been this incredibly filthy" she was looking me in the eyes.

I just smiled at her. "And your ass?" I asked her.

"You, you filthy fucker. Fill my asshole." I slid behind her. "Put it in for me Greg. Put his cock in my asshole. Watch it disappear up my ass honey."

I sensed this was something that was as much for Greg as it was for Melanie. I allowed Greg complete access to us and he took my cock and rubbed it all over the pucker of Melanie's asshole. Then he put it at the entrance and said "In." I pushed and was engulfed in a most amazing feeling. It was tight and soft and wet and fluffy all at the same time. And it rippled as I slid in. She was coming already. She started moving slowly on Mark's cock and whispered "Move with us Randall. Move that fucker with us."

I began a rhythm of pushing in when she went down on Mark and pulling back as she came off it. We moved that way for several minutes and she was smiling and coming. Mark was sucking on one of her tits.

I whispered. "One more to go."

"Come on Greg" she implored her husband.

"God baby. They look so good going in and out of you. I wish I could lick them." He said.

"Not now baby. I need you to feed me Greg. Feed me your cream baby. Feed your fucking airtight slut wife your cream." She was loving this.

"Okay babe. Right here it is." he said as he fed his dripping meat into his wife's mouth. His airtight slut wife. 

God how I loved this. Loved pleasing others who had this deep appreciation for what we were doing. There was nothing casual about this. We were all sharing inner desires with one another and it was so thrilling to be making those dreams come true for each other. I looked for Wendy, wanting to share it with her. She was there beside me. She kissed me and slid her tongue in my mouth. It tasted like Donna. She reached behind us and fondled both Mark's and my balls as we fucked. Donna had settled her pussy down on Mark's face as Melanie kissed her ass cheeks and slid a finger into Donna's asshole. 

"Oh fuck, sweetie. Yeah finger your slut mother's asshole baby. God I love it so much." When she came she almost drowned Mark with her juices. It set off a chain reaction. Mark and I were filling Melanie up and Greg pulled out of her mouth and sprayed cum all over everyone. I slipped out of that incredible asshole and Wendy and I began licking cum from Melanie's face and tits and from Donna's ass cheeks. Greg put his cock back in his wife's mouth and she was cleaning it as Mark continued to suck up the flow from Donna's cunt.

Time to rest again. I looked at the clock. 11PM I had a feeling there was more to come. Wendy saw me glance at the clock and cuddled with me as she whispered "This may be one of those all nighters." It wouldn't surprise me.

Everyone succumbed to the fatigue. The incredible sex plus all the emotional sharing was getting to us all. Even Donna slowed down. Her and Mark retreated to the head of the huge bed and Melanie and Greg followed. They all lay back resting and talking intimately with each other. Wendy and I slid off the bed and went to the smaller one across the room. We cuddled.

" Did you enjoy that?" she asked quietly. 

"You know how much I enjoy being the instrument of other's pleasure. Yes, I enjoyed it because she did." I answered.

"I know love. Donna and I enjoyed watching and helping too. It's so thrilling to be a pleaser." She added.

"Would you like that" Airtight I mean?" I was curious.

"Maybe someday." she said. "I like simpler things I guess. More intimate."

"Well right now it's just the two of us." I assured her. "Thank you for helping though. I was glad to share that part with you."

"I love sharing everything with you Ran." 

"Me too." We dozed off together. I think everyone else did too.

Around midnight everyone began stirring again. I awoke to hushed voices next to me. Melanie had joined us on the small bed. Her and Wendy were talking quietly, I presume so they wouldn't wake me. "What kind of dirty little secrets are you two sharing?" I asked with a smile.

Wendy leaned back to me and kissed me deeply. "Just sharing how blessed we are." She sighed.

"I was sharing with Wendy how much Greg and my relationship has grown since... well ..." she was searching for the right words.

"Since you accepted it?" I asked. 

"Yeah. You seem to know all of us so well after such a short time." She looked at me intently, questioning how that could be so.

"Well, it's because we are all the same. It's a kind of "been there -done that" kind of thing. We're all helping each other rid ourselves of inhibitions and fears and all the ugly shit we were taught about sex so we can truly and completely enjoy it, and share it with each other. We are all kindred sluts." The phrase just sort of came out. I hadn't said it that way before but I liked it.

"Yes I guess we are. Kindred sluts. Sounds so naughty and erotic. I like that." Melanie was smiling.

Wendy was too. "I'm just glad I'm kindred with this slut." She said wrapping her arms around me.

"Sometimes I still worry, though." I sighed almost to myself.

"You have nothing to worry about Ran." She tried to assure me. 

"But you haven't seen the worst of it yet. There will come a time when the beast in me is so powerful I can't get filthy enough to satisfy it." I told her.

She looked at me seriously and held my eyes for several minutes before she whispered "Trust me Ran. I will be there with you." I believed her. 

Greg had joined us and he had a message. "Mark would like to know if you all would join us on the other bed again. He says it's time for a coronation."

We weren't sure what that meant but after our nap we were ready for it. As we reached the bed I asked him "So what is this coronation you speak of Mark?" 

"Well, it is all about you and Wendy, Ran. Come and lie down here both of you. You two are the reason for this celebration, this honeymoon we called it. So it's time for the special honeymoon dance, so to speak."

"Dance?" we all asked in unison, laughing.

"So to speak" he repeated firmly. "An erotic dance if you will. Lie down here in the middle of the bed. We decided to play along so we lay down together and looked at each other. Wendy leaned over and began to kiss me deeply. I responded in kind. 

"Yes. You two melt into each other. This is all for you. Take your time. We are here to serve you. All four of us. Mouths and tongues and fingers and cocks dripping with cream. Pussies wet with juices all here for your pleasure. As you enjoy each other we will worship every part of you, wherever and whenever you desire. Your pleasure is everything." Now we understood what he had in mind...and we were glad we played along.

"Take me my king. Take your queen as our servants pleasure us." Her tongue was all over my mouth. Her hand was caressing my cock. It was already hard. I reached for her pussy and found it deliciously wet. I brought my juice coated fingers up to our mouths and she immediately licked them, tasting her own juices. "Mmm I love tasting myself on you everywhere."

"Would you like to taste this as well?" Donna asked. She brought her fingers from her cunt up to us and offered them. We greedily licked and sucked them clean.

"And this..." Melanie's juices were next. They were all getting into this servant role play. 

We continued playing with each other and feasting on whatever our servants fed us, sometimes sweet cunt juices from our mother daughter concubines, and sometimes silky pre-cum from our male servants cocks. Sometimes our own juices as well.

"Ride me my queen." I wanted to be inside her. She climbed up over me and our servant Melanie was there with her mouth sucking me and guiding me to Wendy's cunt. I felt Greg's mouth on my balls as Wendy began a slow ride, fucking herself on me. I took her nipple in my mouth lovingly licking it over and over. She loved that.

I heard Melanie tell Greg "Let me babe." Greg retreated and I felt Melanie's tongue wash over my balls but she had other designs. Her tongue went to Wendy's asshole and I could tell she was licking and tonguing it to get it wet. Wendy looked down at me as she said "Yes Mel, yes, do it." Wendy lay her chest down on mine to give Mel more room. "Yes, up my ass." She repeated. Mel finally got her tongue in it. I knew because Wendy told us. "Yes Ran, she's in me. She's got her tongue right up my fucking asshole Ran. It's so fucking good Mel. Keep moving it in and out." She was loving it. Mel was working it hard too. I could feel her cheek against my balls as Wendy slowly fucked my cock and Mel's tongue fucked her ass. Donna appeared above me, her and Wendy locked in a deep tongue kiss, No doubt sharing some of Mark's juices. Her tits were above me so I reached out over her back and pulled her down so I could get a nipple in my mouth. It made them break their kiss so Donna went down to Wendy's tits and suckled them one at a time. When I released Donna's nipple and lay my head back down I found a dripping cock hovering over my mouth. 

"More juice for the king." He said as he fed it to me. I licked and sucked it eagerly until it was clean. 

"More Mark." I said. "But coat it with pussy first. He was eager to comply and I was getting into the role play of being in command. We could have whatever we wanted.

Mark quickly slipped into Donna's cunt from behind and started fucking her slowly. Donna was only too happy to oblige. 

"Yes, fuck your wench slut Mark. Make her cum on your cock and feed it all to us." 

He fucked her slowly. No reason the servants should be denied some pleasure too, I thought. I could wait, knowing the treat that awaited me. I needn't have been concerned. It only took a half dozen strokes and we heard Donna moan. We all knew she was coming but she loved to announce it.

"Oh god that fucking huge cock head is so god damn good baby. Ahhh, coming babe."

Mark let her finish and then withdrew his cock and brought it to our lips. "Mmm. Share it with me love. Sweet cock covered in slut juice." Wendy and I double teamed it as Melanie's tongue continued slithering in and out of Wen's asshole and Greg tried to get to my balls. The sensations were incredible but I was determined to make this whole scene last a while. "Easy love, Don't make me cum yet. I whispered to Wen.

"I know love. It's so filthy good I want it to last too" She whispered back.

They pampered us for over an hour. Tongues everywhere. Sucking mouths. At one point I remember Mark and Donna each having one of Wen's nipples while I cleaned the fuck juices from Mark's cock again. Whether it was Donna's or Melanie's I couldn't tell but I knew it was coated with cunt cream. Finally I realized it was going to have to end so I thought I would orchestrate the finale.

"Turn around love." I said to Wen. She probably thought she knew where we were going and quickly spun around and lay back against my chest. But I had a surprise for her. I gently slid her torso off my chest to the side, placing a couple of pillows under her head."Melanie, dear. Kindly get into a sixty-nine with her please." I commanded. Melanie now had access to be our fuck licker. "Now Greg. Fuck your slut slowly so my queen can feast as well." Wen was now their fuck licker. "Come Donna. Give me that sweet cunt so I too can be a fuck licker." Mark needed no instruction. As Donna settled over my mouth I found that famiiar huge cock head looming for me. 

"Would you like to put it in with your tongue sir?" He was good at this role play stuff. 

"Why thank you Mark. A very slutty offer for your king." I replied. I slurped all around that head though it was already wet. Then I nudged it with my tongue up to the entrance to Donna's pussy and continued to lick all around it as it slowly started to penetrate those delicious lips. Then I went her clit. Her pussy started spasming again and juices started flowing. Melanie was all over Wendy and I. Her lips so soft on my cock and balls. Her tongue was everywhere. I was getting close but I wanted to be sure Wen got off her big final one first. 

She was slurping too. Her and Melanie inspiring each other at opposite ends of this glorious pile of flesh. "It was hard to talk but I gave commands anyway. "Her clit, Melanie. Get her clit." 

"Mmm. Yes my king." She lashed at it with her tongue and sucked it. I could tell Wen was about to explode with a huge orgasm because I felt her open her legs as wide as she could get them. Melanie was fabulous. Wen actually started shaking and quivering on my cock. Melanie went back to my balls but I wanted to come with Wen while she was still in orbit. "No, Mel, in it. Get your tongue in her and lick my shaft inside her cunt." It felt amazing for the second time. I didn't scream or grunt or anything. I just melted into pure orgasmic bliss. For a coronation...it was ...perfect.