 Chapter 5 - A New Adventure

(I am submitting chapters 5 and 6 together. Chapter 5 has no sex but contains the set-up to understanding the next adventure which comes in chapter 6. As always readers are encouraged to let me know their thoughts and/or reactions. )

*****

We had played far into the night. Far later than our sixty year old bodies should have. But it was worth it. The pleasures were so incredible. We finally all drifted away about four in the morning. Not quite an all niter but close enough. It was one in the afternoon before anyone awoke. It wasn't us. About two I opened my eyes. Wen wasn't there so I got up, slipped on some shorts, a t-shirt and sandals and made my way out to the kitchen. I smelled the coffee before I got there. It smelled great. I was starved.

"Hey, afternoon sleepyhead." Wen welcomed me.

"Wore you out, huh sport?" Mark asked. 

"Where do you get the stamina old man?" I asked him as I wrapped my arms around Wen. He was two years older than me. 

"I've always gone on four or five hours of sleep. I guess my body has just adjusted to it over the years."

"Well, you're in time for lunch." Donna added.

"Great. I'm starved. How you doin this morn...I mean afternoon?" I asked Wendy as I kissed her around the back of her neck. 

"Like I'm half awake. Should have stayed in bed and gone back to sleep." 

"Well, we can just hang out today and have an early night tonight." I agreed

Melanie and Greg appeared. Another sleepy duo.

"So how are all the kindred sluts doing this morning." Mel asked looking at me.

"You mean this afternoon, don't you?" Donna corrected her.

"Oh, yeah, I guess I do." 

"Kindred sluts?" Mark asked putting down his newspaper.

"Yes. Kindred sluts. That's what we are, right Randall?" Mel deferred to me.

"It fits." I said nonchalantly. I could see Mark was thinking it over so I added "Mel and Wendy and I were talking at some point last night and the phrase just sort of came out. We decided we liked it so ...we're all ...kindred sluts."

Donna turned toward the group, still working on whatever it was she was stirring up. "I like it too." She said smiling. "Kind of erotic and naughty, huh?"

"That's just what I said, mom." Melanie told her.

"Well then, I guess I like it too." Mark finally agreed.

Wendy spoke up too..."You know...I bet there are a lot of people out there who are searching for what we have. Makes me feel so ... lucky."

"If only there were a way to help them, huh?" I mused.

"I wish we didn't have to go home today." Mel whined.

"Stay. You can stay as long as you want, you know that." Mark told her.

"No, Greg has to work tomorrow and I have a meeting with a client too." Mel was into real estate I had learned. I bet she was good at it.

"Yeah, back to the grind." Greg added.

"Just remember, Greg. Don't get so caught up in the grind that you forget what's really important." I encouraged him.

"I won't make that mistake again. I promise." He was serious.

"Are those sandwiches you're working on Donna? Would you like some help?" I was still starving.

Donna and I finished making some great sandwiches and we all went out to the patio to enjoy lunch. Sandwiches, iced tea and fruit salad. Tasted great.

"I could just lie around and listen to some music for a while." I suggested. "How about it Wen?"

"Sure, as long as you don't need me to stay awake." She laughed. So we did. I think the others went for a drive or something. Sinatra put Wendy to sleep, almost did me in too but I always end up trying to sing along with him. Not too good really, but I enjoy the fantasy of that too. I must have napped a while too. We heard the others get back about seven.

"Anyone hungry in here?" I heard Mark ask. I grabbed the remote and turned down the music. Then I smelled the BBQ. 

"We picked up some take out BBQ for supper. Interested?" Mark asked again. Wen was awake now and smelled it too.

"Oh that smells great." She said

"Hell yeah!" I quipped with a fake country accent. Everyone got a laugh at that. We ate again and crashed for the night. 

Monday morning was back to the real world for a while. I met with my realtor to cancel my account. I had decided to let Melanie handle the sale. Did some final work on the house to ready it and got back to Mark and Donna's about four in the afternoon. Wen had just headed out to the supermarket to pick up some needed supplies for dinner. Mark was at the service station getting the car serviced. So it was just Donna and I.

"Want some coffee, Randall?" she asked me.

"Maybe just some iced tea. And it's Ran." I replied. She poured a glass and sat with me at the bar.

"OK. I've been thinking about something you said yesterday." She had a serious look about her. It was kind of different for her.

"You mean the kindred sluts thing?" I asked.

She smiled and her eyes got that twinkle. "You know I'm always thinking about that." She winked and snuck a feel of for my cock. Then she turned serious again and I knew there was going to be something different about this conversation.

"But beyond the phrase...what you said about being able to help others."

"Well, you and Mark have certainly helped Mel and Greg." I said.

"Yes, but like Wendy said...there must be lots of people out there like us...whose lives and relationships could be changed if... " she trailed off not sure where this thought was going. "What if there was some way they could contact us?" she asked finally.

"You mean like an ad or something?" I was starting to see what she was getting at.

"Maybe...or a profile on one of the swinger sites. With specific info about our...group. Our group of Kindred Sluts."

"I'm afraid we'd be inundated with all kinds of replies from crazies." I wasn't sold on the idea. "Maybe we could talk about it over dinner." I added.

"Actually, there's something else I wanted to talk to you about." She continued.

"Sure. What is it?" She hesitated again...like she wasn't sure how to say something.

"Come on Donna. Whatever it is it can't be that serious." I pushed her. I was interested because this was a side of her I hadn't seen before.

"She finally looked at me and sighed. I know. It's a friend of mine. Evelyn." She stopped, still looking at me like I should know.

"Oh." I thought I did know. "She...needs help?" I asked. Donna simply nodded her head slowly. "I see." I said cautiously, not really sure where to go at first. "Can you tell me about her?" I asked.

"I've known her for years, twenty or more probably. We met casually. We'd see each other at lawn sales and things and then we'd have lunch and it just sort of grew from there." She paused, gathering her thoughts.

"She lives here, near here?" I was more curious now.

"She lives in Culver. Near Melanie and Greg. I asked Mel if she'd seen her. She said Mom, she's so withdrawn. She said she sounded depressed the last time Mel saw her. So I called her today and she really is depressed. Their relationship is really ... struggling." 

"And you think...?" she knew what I meant.

"She asked one time about Mark and I and I shared a little bit with her. She was really interested in hearing about our philosophy and everything, and about the sex. She was really interested in that. But then she would pull back. What she shared with me about how she was raised in a strict religious family just made me think she was really repressing her sexual self."

"A familiar story, huh?"I asked her. "What about her husband?" 

"His name is Phillip. He's an engineer. He's a gentle man but is very non committal about things. That's the way Evelyn put it. And she's so unsure of herself that she can't seem to initiate anything intimately. She waits for him and he waits for her and...you know how that goes."

"Yeah, they both lose."

"Exactly. I was thinking...she'd be intimidated by Mark because she knows him. But maybe if I introduced her to you and Wendy... Maybe...you could help her or them or..."

"It would take a lot of investigation and preparation but ...let me think about it, okay?" I was intrigued with this development.

"Thank you. We can talk again when you feel comfortable. In the mean time I am going to re-establish a connection with her and try to get her confidence."

"That sounds like a good idea. I'll talk with Wendy about it too" the more I thought about it the more I liked the idea of at least trying. Who knows what might come of it.

Mark and Wendy had arrived home at the same time and both came through the door together. Mark was carrying the groceries Wendy had gotten.

'Whatcha got there buddy?"I asked happily. Mark had set the bags down and was checking out the contents.

"Looks like steaks and ... asparagus." Guess I better fire up the grill. With a look I wasn't sure of he asked "What are you two up to?"

"Deep dark secrets, my friend. Deep dark secrets." I was laughing, hoping to put his mind at ease. Finally he smiled and said "Yeah, right." He disappeared to the patio and his grill.

"Hi Wen. How was your afternoon?" She sat at the bar on a stool next to me and I kissed her on the forehead.

"Okay. Gave me some time to think. There's something I want to talk to you all about at dinner, okay?" I looked at Donna and she returned my wondering gaze with a smile. Do you suppose...?

Sure, Babe. We can talk about whatever you want. You know that."

"Just an idea I've been turning over in my mind. I'd like to see if you all think I'm nuts."

"Well, we know you're not nuts. But we'll wait to see what you have in that pretty little dirty mind of yours." I kissed her and slipped her some tongue.

"Mmmm. Frisky baby. I like it. Keep that thought for later, okay? Oh, I gotta pee .Be right back."

"I'll try to manage." I laughed again. I watched her go. I truly loved this woman. I had never really thought much about love at first sight. And it wasn't really. It was more about the complete ease and trust we had, knowing we are so connected in mind and body. We are so lucky to have found each other.

Mark appeared to get the steaks and went out to grill them so I decided to go out with him, even if just to think about what Donna had said. It was a gorgeous night, sunny but cool, low humidity. I sat on the patio as Mark grilled. I kept running scripts through my mind about how to communicate our thoughts to people who could benefit from them. People who would be open to them and would embrace the philosophy. It could only help people who had the inner desires that needed to be set free. It wouldn't help people who just wanted to get laid. Mark interrupted my thoughts.

'Whatever you got goin on in that mind of yours must be pretty deep to be so quiet over there." I wasn't sure if he was asking or just making conversation. I also wasn't sure if Donna wanted him to know she had mentioned Evelyn.

"I do have serious thoughts now and then." I went with humor again to try to avoid the other things.

"It's Ok, Randall. Whatever Donna has you thinking about I'm sure she'll tell me soon. But she sure has you working on something. I hope it's good."

"OK. You got me, Mark. What if I told you it's something that could involve us all?"I didn't want to risk alienating Mark. I told Donna to give me some time to think about it before we mentioned it. OK?"

"OK. Let's get these steaks off here shall we?" 

Dinner was quiet to start, a bit uncomfortable. So I finally asked Wendy "What was it you wanted to talk about Wen?"

"I was thinking about what we said before about being able to help other people like us." I looked at Donna and she was looking at me. Mark saw the look, I'm sure. What if there was a way people could come to us for help, I mean a way of letting people know there is an option?"

I looked at Mark and he was smiling at us. "So much for deep dark secrets, huh?"

"Okay." I admitted. "So what is everyone thinking.

Throughout dinner and beyond we launched an idea that would revolve around a website, linked from several swinger sites. That would allow people to send letters to us. They would be required to reveal explicit details about their situations, their desires, their expectations. It would be intended only for couples, minimum age of forty-five, up to 75. If chosen to participate they would be contacted by our group, Kindred Sluts. We all agreed that it was worth a try to see if we could help some people experience what we enjoyed. We formulated a simple plan and all committed to it. We would choose one applicant couple to start and devote one month to them and then re-evaluate. Donna even told Mark about her desire to connect with Evelyn. Mark gave his consent for Evelyn to be a project for Donna and Wendy and myself. We decided to begin with her while we waited for responses from the website. If it worked out he would support us all in finalizing arrangements with them. All in all it was an exciting evening. We ended it with a toast. We raised our glasses to ... The Kindred Sluts.