 Chapter 6 - Evelyn and Phillip

(Donna's friend Evelyn and her husband Phillip become the first students of the Kindred Sluts)

Evelyn is a sixty-one year old housewife. Donna had reconnected with her and invited her to lunch several times. She was able to convince her that there was hope for her and her husband Phillip, but that it had to be a mutual discovery process. She advised her to sit down and confront Phillip and convince him that their relationship could be so much better if they could just learn to communicate more openly in their intimate relationship. And if they were open to finding help that help was available. Apparently Evelyn and Phillip had decided to seek out the help that was offered. A few days later Donna received a letter from them.

Dear Donna,

Thank you for caring enough about me to help me to open my mind to the possibility that there is still hope for Phillip and I. We have talked at length about the things you have suggested and I am more encouraged than I have been in a long time. While we are still slightly apprehensive we have pledged to each other that we want more than anything else for each of us to be fulfilled in our relationship, especially in our physical relationship. We need the help you have spoken about. Please, we await your response.

Friends Always, 

Evelyn and Phillip

"I believe they are sincere and ready to learn. Donna informed us as we all considered the letter. "What do you all think?"

"Considering what we've been able to learn about them, it would appear that they have the potential to enjoy a very open and exciting relationship, once they learn to accept their own desires and not be afraid of them." I ventured.

"Evelyn has been much more open with me about sharing some of her fantasies since we began talking about them." Donna added. 

"If Phil has agreed to participate he must at least be open to exploring some options. It's always the man who responds to the woman anyway. Once a woman opens up to exploring those desires her man is usually thrilled about it." Wendy was right about that.

"So, I'll let them know that we are willing to proceed and set up a first contact meeting with them. Okay?" I suggested to Donna that she should inform Evelyn that she would introduce us but that it would be Wendy and I who would begin with them at first. I would let them know that it would require a hotel room, one with two double beds or one king size bed for our first meeting.

Evelyn was thrilled and said her husband was as well. The meeting was to be the following weekend. I spent the ensuing days formulating a plan of opening communications. When Saturday rolled around I hoped we were ready. It was actually Phillip who sent the email with the room location and number. It was at a very nice hotel, a good sign. We agreed to meet in the lounge for a drink before we retired to the room for the evening. 

As we entered the lounge we spotted them sitting at a secluded table. Evelyn is a slender brunette woman, six feet tall with plain features. Not unattractive but not what you'd call a beauty. She had a later-life spread ass and a slight tummy, something I actually found sexy. Her most striking feature was her clear, bright hazel eyes. She wore casual slacks with a simple cotton blouse that concealed her chest. Phillip was a year her junior, also slender, equal in height, also casually dressed in dockers and an oxford shirt. He had a small goatee, very dark. They looked like your average senior couple. They welcomed us with smiles as we approached. "How are you both?" we asked them. 

It was Evelyn who responded "Kind of excited." She said smiling. "Right Phil?"

Phil was still a little uncomfortable, but he managed a quiet "Yes."

Over drinks we shared a little bit about ourselves and how we came to enjoy what we have together, hoping to give them a sense of where they could go. We also assured them that this first meeting would be entirely about them and their pleasure, not ours. When I suggested we go up to the room they didn't hesitate. I did have one surprise for them and I wondered how they would respond to that.

Once the door was closed I informed them that from that point on there would be no clothing so they could go into the bathroom to prepare if they wished. When they came out they were a little timid but when they found that Wendy and I were lying naked on one of the beds they relaxed a little. Evelyn's tits were small, 34A's I guessed, with small areolas and small nipples. Phil's cock though was about 6 inches even flaccid. I watched them take glances at our bodies. I got up and took them by the hands and arranged them standing facing each other next to the bed. "I'd like you to just look at each other's bodies for a minute. Now, thinking erotically, touch your partner in the area that arouses you the most about them." She reached for his cock, he felt her slit. "That's a good start, both of you. Tell him what you're thinking using words you've wanted to say but were afraid to, Evelyn." She looked at me with apprehension. "It's alright, we're opening up new sensations here right?" "Look him in the eye and tell him. 

"I enjoy sucking your cock, Phil." She smiled. 

"How does that make you feel Phil?" I asked.

"Naughty."

"Naughty is good. Naughty is for sharing with each other." I told them. "Now tell her Phil. Be as naughty as you want to be. 

"I like when your pussy is wet. I like to feel it." 

"Have you ever tasted it Phil?" Wendy asked him. It shocked him hearing Wendy's voice.

"No."

"Why don't you see if she's wet right now Phil?" I suggested. He looked at us. "Go ahead, she wants you to don't you Evelyn?"

"Yes Phil, feel me." She was breathing heavily now and her nipples were responding. Finally he reached out and cupped her mound, drawing a finger up through her lips causing her to draw a sharp breath. Phil's cock was responding too, growing with each moment.

It was Wendy's turn again. "Would you like him to taste it Evelyn?" She looked at us again. Her eyes had taken on that smoldering look of lustful arousal now. Then she looked at Phil and told him "Yes Phil, I'd love for you to taste it."

"Ev, you're being so...dirty." 

"Yes, It feels so good Phil. Be dirty with me. Taste me."

Something occurred to me then...and I asked them "Do you orgasm when you make love Evelyn?" She looked at me with a puzzled look. I suspected she hadn't had an orgasm in a while. But I was pretty sure how to get her one.

"Go ahead. Phil. Taste her wetness."

Obediently he knelt and leaned in to lick her cunt slit. He started at the bottom and when his tongue reached her clit hood she exploded. She opened her legs a little and rocked her hips forward into his face and came, eyes closed, almost holding her breath. It was beautiful to watch. Wendy and I looked at each other smiling.

Finally she regained enough control to speak. "Oh, my God, Phil. That feels so wonderful."

After a few more licks he drew back and responded to her "Wow, Ev, I never imagined I could do that for you."

"Taste good Phil?" I asked. He licked his lips and through his mustache. 

"Yeah, it tastes really good."

"Have you ever tasted yourself Ev?" Wendy asked her.

"No."

"Would you like to?"

"Yes." She eagerly agreed.

"Coat your fingers in her juice Phil and let her taste it too." Wen was doing great with this.

When Phil presented her his fingers she closed he eyes and sucked them, savoring what we surmised was her first taste of pussy juice. We were pretty sure it wouldn't be her last. 

Wen kept pushing the limits. "There's several other ways to taste too, Ev." She hinted, waiting to see if she took the bait.

"Please tell me about them." Evelyn was getting pretty comfortable now. 

"There's lots of time for that." Wen said. "Would you like to have another orgasm Ev?"

"Oh God yes. Please" she was all in now.

"Tell Phil what you'd like, Ev. Remember, be as naughty as you like." I told her.

"I want you to fuck me Phil. Right here, just like this." she said clearly, no inhibitions left.

Phil was ready. He stood and moved into her. She pushed her hips out again and he slipped his cock into her and slowly started fucking her right there standing up. They were looking into each other's eyes and we encouraged them. "You two look very sexy together." Wen assured them.

Evelyn was holding on to her husband's arms, leaning back and working her hips as Phil was working his cock in and out. Wen and I got off the bed and surrounded them. Wen caressed Ev's ass and I reached between them and felt her small tits. Her nipples had grown to almost an inch. Very tempting. I had all I could to refraining from sucking. I decided I better concentrate on the mentoring before I got too involved for the first session.

"That's it, work together at it. You two are doing great. Tell each other what you need." I pushed them.

"Oh yes, pump me Phil. Pump it into me." Ev pleaded.

I pushed her a little more. "Where Ev? Where do you want him to pump it?"

"In my cunt." She said.

She said. I hoped she would. And it wasn't lost on her husband.

"Oh god, Ev. " He was moving faster in to her. "You're makin it so hot."

"Yes. Yes." Then she had her second orgasm. She stopped moving her hips and pulled herself up tight to him and hunched her cunt on his cock. As her orgasm subsided she looked at him and said "Keep pumping Phil, you need to feel it too."

"Feel what Ev?" Wendy asked her. "What do you want him to feel?"

"I want him to feel what I feel. Dirty, naughty. I want him to have his orgasm too." She said to all of us.

"Is that what you want Phil?" I asked him.

"Yes Ev. I want it too. Dirty, naughty sexy fuck. In your cunt." He was all in too.

"Get it together then. Help him Ev. Help him get his orgasm, his come." 

"Shoot it Phil, shoot it in me." Ev pushed him. That got him. He unloaded into her and she melted into him, loving it.

When they came down from it we allowed them to uncouple but Wen wasn't done yet. She was getting into the mentor role pretty good now and I loved it. "Remember what I said about other ways to taste it Ev?" she asked her. Evelyn just looked at her and smiled. 

"Now?" she asked Wen.

"Now would be a perfect time. Would you like that Phil?"

"Oh my god yes." He said enthusiastically. Evelyn knelt and took him in her mouth and sucked once. 

"Oh. It tastes good." She said softly. 

"isn't it delicious?" Wendy asked her. "I love doing that for Randall, cleaning him all off after."

"Yes. It's so ...wonderfully dirty. It's delicious." Ev continued until she had cleaned his cock completely of their juices. 

"Why don't we all relax on the bed for a while now?" I instructed.

When they were all settled back on the bed I asked them "Learned anything new?"

"Well, dirty and naughty can sure add a dimension to things we never knew existed." Phil revealed.

Wendy asked.

"I never had an orgasm like that before." Ev told us. "Ever."

"Well, there's no reason ever to go without one ever again Ev."

"How do you both feel about where this is going?" I asked. "We are here as mentors and helpers and we will take you as far as you want to go but it is all entirely up to you. What about you Phil?"

"I want for her to be happy and free. This has been so enlightening." He said.

"I want to go all the way Phil." Evelyn said to him.

"What does that mean Ev?" Wendy asked. 

Evelyn looked at each of us before she answered. Then she whispered "I want to get dirtier, all of us."

I asked Phillip "What about you Phil. How does that make you feel hearing your loving wife say that she wants to get dirtier?"

"I never would have believed it. I have always been afraid to get dirty because I was afraid you wouldn't like it or that you would think I was a horrible husband. All these years." 

Evelyn responded in kind. "I know Phil, I was always so afraid to tell you what I wanted. Afraid you would think I was just a slut. That was always such bad thing, to be a slut."

"Well, from now on it's a good thing Ev." Phil told her. 

"So can we do more?" Evelyn asked. "All of us?"

"We will if you still want to go further after this session. For now let's concentrate on you two." I said. "Have you experimented with different positions together?" I asked them.

"No, we have always just had sex missionary style." I had suspected as much. 

"But have you wanted to do other things?" 

"Yes." Ev said.

"I've thought about it." Phil acknowledged.

"Tell me, Phil. Do you masturbate often?" It was Wendy who asked though I was thinking the same thing.

He looked at Evelyn and then to us before answering. "Some." He said.

"Wen pushed him. "How often?" 

"A couple of times a week." He finally admitted. 

"And do you fantasize or watch porn when you do it?" Wen asked.

"Yeah, both a little I guess." He was clearly a little uncomfortable admitting that.

"And what do you fantasize about the most?" Wen kept pushing him. I was proud of the way she was handling our mentoring roles. She was clearly enjoying helping this couple.

"Well, everyone says all men like to fantasize about two women., you know. Isn't that true?" he offered.

"It's common,...but what really matters is what you find erotically stimulating. When you know that, each of you, then you can communicate to each other and help each other achieve that heightened arousal. Just like you just did here. Make sense?"

"Yeah." he said thinking about it. "I guess it does make sense, it's just that we never knew how to talk about those things."

"Well you aren't alone, Phil. There are thousands of couples like you. Especially those of us at our age, having been raised in a time when social morals were very rigid and unaccepting of any alternatives." I assured them. "That's what we're trying to break down here. Years of wrong thinking."

"I can see that."

"So would you like to continue or shall we wait till next time?"

"Continue." Ev said quickly. Then she thought to check with Phil. "Do you want to continue Phil?" she asked lovingly.

That's very important Ev, always be sure your partner is comfortable with everything. Never make assumptions.

"Whatever you want Ev." Phil answered.

"I don't know." Ev said, "I'm still so excited. And look at you Phil, you're still hard."

"Well, as long as it's mutual, why don't we get you two in a sixty-nine? Know what that is?"

They both shook their heads yes. 

"Wendy and I have gotten really excited watching you two. Does that excite you? Would you like us to join you?" I asked them.

"That'd be nice." Ev said. 

Evelyn crawled over Phil and lowered her silky down covered pussy to his mouth. Then she watched us get into the same position."You look so sexy with all you hair shaved off Wendy." Ev said.

"That's part of why I shave it, but it feels so good too." she told her.

We all sucked and licked for a while, watching each other and talking with each other about how good it felt and how sexy it was to watch. After several minutes Evelyn raised up and moaned "I'm gonna cum again. I want to fuck again Phil."

"Sure Ev." He said scrambling out from under her and positioning himself behind her. Ev's hips were right next to Wendy's head and she surprised them by reaching out and taking hold of Phil's cock. "Let me help you." She said as she fitted the head into Evelyn's pussy. I think Phil almost came at the gesture but he held on. He started stroking into Evelyn as Wendy went back to sucking my cock. Evelyn was looking right into my eyes as I sucked on Wen's clit. 

"Oh my god, this is so exciting. Let's all come together. Please. Let's all come together." She was moaning.

We almost made it. As Phil started pumping his second load into his wife she was moaning and coming on his cock which set Wendy off, me sucking that sweet little clit and being drowned in her cunt juice. Wen was still sucking my cock and licking my balls and I looked at Evelyn as she came down from her orgasm. Then she scrambled to turn around and went for her husband's cum an cream coated cock saying "Oh let me clean it for you lover." She devoured their mixed juicers and that got me. I unloaded in Wen's sweet mouth.

We all lie for a while coming down from our mutual climax. 

"I would say you've both earned an A+ for your first session." I chuckled. 

"Are you happy Phil?" Ev asked him. "do you want to go further with our exploring?"

"Yes Ev. I do." He assured her.

Ev looked at us. "I can't wait to go further with you. Do you think donna will be joining us?" That surpeised me.

"There will be plenty of time for that. That will be a learning tool for understanding how anticipation can also be a great enhancer. This first session has been very successful. Wendy and I are going to leave you to enjoy this beautiful room for the night and continue to explore what you've learned. We'll be in touch and schedule another meeting in a couple of weeks. Remember, don't be afraid of anything. Push each other to be completely open and honest about what else you want to learn. How does that sound?" 

Evelyn responded "Wonderful."

Phillip responded "Great."

When we were dressed Wendy and I turned to them and said good night. But Evelyn amazed us both with her last move of the night. Before we got to the door she called us back a minute saying "You know what you said about anticipation and looking forward to things being ...what did you call it ...enhancing?"

"Yes." We both answered not sure where she was going with it. 

"Does that excite you both too?" she asked.

"Very much so, why?" we responded.

Ev rolled back and opened her legs and asked us "So would either of you like a taste?"

Evelyn was proving to be an excellent student!