 Mark had always had a thing for MILFs. 

I mean, who doesn't? There really is nothing like the sweet taboo fruit of checking out an older woman, especially when she sports an hourglass figure. The summer after he graduated college, Mark felt an increased, palpable attraction to the multiple hot moms he had the pleasure of knowing, but he had no idea how to advance on them. 

Alas, such is the bitter, cock-hardening joy of MILF appreciation; whether they are aware of their hotness or not, there exists a perpetual social barrier between married women with children and the horny young men who lust for them. And Mark wanted nothing more than to smash that barrier and revel in the undivided attention of his six local model-quality moms. 

In his neighborhood alone, there were six bodacious mothers in their 30s and 40s, and he would sprout a generous erection whenever he saw one of them strut past him in their yoga pants, tight-fitting jeans or ill-fitting tops that barely contained their phenomenal tits (and we all know how much our hero Mark loves tits). 

Finally, Mark decided that enough was enough. He had always been wildly intelligent and incredibly adept at getting what he wanted – even if that meant dabbling in deceit and manipulation. He would come up with a plan to seduce these women – or better yet, to trick them into seducing him. 

The plan came to him even sooner than he expected. 

The Sexy Six, as Mark thought of them, were all housewives. While their husbands were at work and their kids were at elementary and intermediate school, they were usually home alone, running errands or exercising to maintain those flawless figures. He wondered if those lucky bastard husbands even knew what they had. Well, too late – because Mark was about to take it for himself. 

How? 

A yoga class that met in the middle of the day, three times a week. 

With Mark as its private instructor. 

As far as he was concerned, it was 100% worth it to learn yoga for a week or two before launching this plan – after all, weren't the untold sexual riches of six lonely, manipulated MILFs worth a little bit of his own time? Plus, here was the beauty of the situation: these women were not exactly the brightest bulbs. They were primarily trophy wives, and getting them to show up to his house in skimpy outfits and stretch their unbelievable bodies for his viewing pleasure would hopefully not be too difficult at all. 

This was only aided by the fact that each of the Sexy Six knew Mark as "the harmless neighbor boy" who occasionally mowed their lawns or watched their kids. They wouldn't expect any funny business from him, but unbeknownst to them, funny business was all he had to give. 

When he felt as though he was ready, Mark extended his invitation to the Sexy Six, reviewing his private lineup of bombshells as he did so... 

Sydney – Talk about an ASS. Sydney lived just down the street from Mark, and he never missed an opportunity, no matter how fleeting, to check out her buns. They were high, round and perky, and Mark had laughed with his guy friends about how much they just wanted to sink their hands and teeth into that soft, tight meat. 

Caroline – Caroline's booty was just as impressive as Sydney's but for a slightly different reason. It lacked some of the roundness and shape of Sydney's derriere, but it made up for it with extraordinary size! Caroline's ass looked like she had stuffed two cut-up volleyballs into her yoga pants, and Mark had drooled over her for several years now. 

NOTE: If you haven't noticed by now, Mark was extraordinarily excited by moms with big butts. He loved the wide hips, the slim waists and the explosive, meaty curves, and he yearned and burned to give them the attention their husbands were denying them. 

Emily – Emily was Korean-American, and her ass simply would not quit. Emily was known around the neighborhood by its male inhabitants as the one who seemed to be "dressing for attention" to be paid to her bottom, and she absolutely received it from man after slack-jawed man. 

Rosie – Rosie was Latina, and Mark remembered distinctly seeing her out running one day when he noticed something incredible – the bounce. Rosie had the sweetest, bounciest pair of butt cheeks Mark had ever seen, and he knew it was his destiny to have them bouncing and jiggling just for him. Like the others, she would be his prize soon enough. 

Vanessa & Amy – For good measure, Mark wanted to include two MILFs whose butts weren't anything to write home about. However, their huge busts always took his attention (and his breath) away. Vanessa and Amy were twins, raising their kids in houses next door to one another, and each of them had EE-cup breasts that they sported proudly in tank tops, sports bras and tight T-shirts while they toted their children to and from soccer practice. Mark's ultimate goal for these two was a double titty-fuck, to enjoy four giant knockers pleasing him at once while their husbands were hard at work and totally oblivious. 

Mark distributed flyers advertising for a new, free yoga class taught in the living room of his apartment on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at noon – prime time for husbands to be working, kids to be at school and hot-ass moms to be bored and desirous of attention. Of course, he made sure the flyers went right to the Sexy Six and no one else by simply placing them on their respective porches and ringing the doorbell before running off. 

Frankly, he would consider this a success if even two of the Sexy Six showed up on that fateful Monday. He advised them all in the flyer to wear "tight workout attire", so even two girls would be fair game for ogling and drooling over while they stretched and exercised for him. 

Needless to say, he was ecstatic when he opened the door on Monday at noon...to see all six ladies, dressed to impress and ready for action. 

Mark's eyes lit up and his jaw dropped as Sydney, Caroline, Emily, Rosie, Vanessa and Amy smiled warmly at him from his doorway. They were each dressed in small athletic tanks and skin-tight yoga pants that Mark could not wait to see from behind. What was more, they seemed excited to see him. These MILFs would be every bit as trickable as he thought. 

"Hi, Mark!" Vanessa bubbled, giving him a tender hug and allowing her enormous melons to smush perfectly against his chest. Mark savored the sensation. 

"So good to see you!" Sydney cooed. 

At the same time, Sydney stepped forward and gave him an additional hug. He tried to crane his neck awkwardly to see the swell of her unbelievable ass cheeks, but he gave up on that when yet another woman embraced him. Rosie inserted herself into the huddle, greeting Mark with a warm, snuggly hug all his own. He did his best to restrain his already-aching penis from scaring the trio off – if they were this affectionate just from seeing him as a neighbor, imagine what he could get done in the coming weeks!  

"It's sooo sweet of you to host a yoga class for us!" Rosie gushed. 

"Huh? Oh, uh – yeah, sure. Hey." Mark stammered out. 

He was barely paying attention as Vanessa, Sydney and Rose pulled away. He was distracted by Amy's gigantic MILF chest, as well as by Caroline's tremendous ass as she turned around to shut the front door behind them. Apparently, he was not done being lovingly embraced by this new group of "friends". 

Emily led the charge, wrapping her arms around him and allowing her face to drift closer to his. She addressed the other women in the squad with a playful tone. 

"Is that how you greet our neighbor and private teacher, girls? Honestly!" she giggled. 

With that, Emily did something that Mark was definitely not expecting: she leaned in and planted a moist kiss on his cheek. Mark's erection immediately sprung up, not just because of this kiss, but because of the promise of what was to come. 

"You're so right, Emily!" Amy agreed girlishly, stepping forward until her huge boobs were squished against Mark's chest, just as her twin sisters' had been moments ago. She kissed Mark on his other cheek, making a tempting "mwah!" sound. 

"Amy! Back off! You're gonna knock him over with those tits!" 

Caroline was teasing her from behind as she approached Mark and mimicked Emily and Amy's actions. All the girls laughed in response. Mark was almost too shocked to chuckle – they were already comfortable mentioning their boobs around him? This was almost too easy. 

Finally, the MILFs all set up their yoga mats in the space Mark had cleared out. He grinned to himself as he stared at Sydney, Caroline, Emily and Rosie's asses. Each was better than the last. Round, perky, bouncy and just plain BIG. Their spandex pants were ridiculously flattering, and it took all his self-control not to reach down and grab a hearty handful. 

"First of all, you girls look great. Excellent workout attire." he managed to say, hoping that wasn't too bold. 

"Aww, thank you, Mark!" Vanessa smiled, hefting her tits upward as she adjusted her bra. 

"We weren't sure what exactly to wear." Caroline admitted. 

"Yeah, none of us have done yoga before." Sydney shrugged. 

This gave Mark an inkling of an idea. 

"So, you aren't sure what to wear for yoga?" he confirmed. 

"Nope." Amy shook her head. 

"Ah. Well, then, just for future reference...tight shorts would be best. The shorter the better." 

Mark was starting to sweat. He was raising the stakes sooner than expected, and if he wasn't careful, these women would simply leave and dismiss him as a pervert. 

"Like...booty shorts?" Emily asked. 

Mark practically burst out of his athletic pants at the idea of Emily wearing booty shorts, but he had to secure this for next time – it was an absolutely golden opportunity. 

"Yes. Booty shorts. Tight booty shorts. They'll...uh...make you more comfortable." 

After a pause, the Sexy Six all began to nod. They seemed to be accepting this as legitimate advice. The next class would be fascinating indeed. 

"Sure, we can do that." Caroline smiled. 

"Awesome. Well, let's go ahead and get into our first pose." 

Mark had his breathtaking new students get on all fours and arch their backs, so that their bottoms were angled up in the air. This was one of the sights for which he was most thoroughly excited, and it did not disappoint. 

"Very nice. Just hold that right there. Keep those backs arched, girls." 

He loved calling them "girls". It felt like he really had power over them. And as soon as he wandered over to the back of the room, right behind Sydney and Rosie, he was extremely happy that he did. 

In that moment, Mark experienced an incredible sensation of joy. He gazed out happily over the six women, all of them willing to bend and stretch their bodies according to his every instruction. Sydney, Caroline, Emily and Rosie with their giant, perfect butts, and the twin MILFs Amy and Vanessa with their huge racks – this living room would be Heaven on Earth for the summer, and he planned on asserting his dominance on these malleable mommies as soon as possible. 

It was time to get a little bit bolder. 

Mark bent down by Caroline, bringing his gaze even closer to her incredible, enormous MILF ass. He licked his lips. 

"Caroline, do you mind if I help you with your positioning?" he inquired innocently. 

"Please do." Caroline replied. 

Mark's heart raced. His mouth was dry. He slowly, anxiously brought one hand onto the small of Caroline's back...and the other hand onto her sweet, round butt cheek. 

"How's this?" he confirmed. 

"Good." Caroline answered nonchalantly. 

And just like that, Mark had his answer. He adjusted Caroline's positioning, arching her back more steadily. In that moment, he took a few fateful seconds to tighten his grip and cop a nice, juicy feel of that nice, juicy booty. If only her husband could see him now. 

"Hey! What are you doing?" 

Mark's blood ran cold at the sound of Sydney's voice. He was caught. He was a MILF-hungry pervert. This was all over. 

"You have to teach all of us, sweetie." 

Sydney grinned at him from across the living room. Mark slowly exhaled and nodded at her. He headed over and fixed her pose next, making sure to place one hand on her perfect, perky ass and give it a nice squeeze. 

"Yeah, we all want private instruction, after all." Emily cooed, wiggling her bottom in front of him. 

Mark was fully erect now. He felt like he was in a MILF-lover's dream. Before moving on to Emily, Mark gave Sydney's luscious booty another tender rub. 

"Very nice." he said under his breath. 

"Did you just say 'very nice'?" Rosie called him out. 

"Uh...yeah." Mark stuttered, "Her body positioning, I mean." 

"You weren't checking out her body positioning, Mark." Vanessa laughed. 

"You were checking out that grade-A Sydney butt!" Amy stuck her tongue out. 

"No! I wasn't!" Mark protested, afraid that his cover was about to be blown. 

"Mark. It's okay." Sydney smiled warmly, "I want to learn yoga. And I know I have a great ass. I don't mind if you enjoy it." 

"Wha – really?" 

"Come do me next, Stud." Emily whispered, wiggling her booty in those tight spandex leggings. 

Slowly but surely, Mark maneuvered over to the Korean goddess awaiting him. He did the same thing with her, but his actions with regards to her bottom got progressively braver. At one point, he placed both hands on it, one on each cheek, and squeezed while lifting it up a bit. 

"How's this?" she asked flirtatiously. 

"Great. Really great." Mark breathed. 

"Honestly, this attention is really nice." Caroline shrugged, "Our husbands are too busy working to appreciate our bodies like this." 

"We're pretty proud of our butts. And it looks like you'll be the only one who gets to enjoy them." 

Rosie smiled, speaking in her faint Mexican accent. 

"I just didn't want to be – you know – objectifying." Mark said, letting the information cascade out of him. "But honestly, I've always been, you know...attracted to big butts." 

"Of course you have." Emily winked as he parted ways with her and moved on to Rosie. 

"Don't forget tits, honey." Amy giggled, sitting up straight and jiggling her boobs playfully. 

"I do love boobs." Mark admitted wistfully. 

"Well then, we have a little treat for you." Vanessa chuckled, sitting up and mirroring her sister's movements. 

"Looks more like four huge treats." Sydney teased. 

Mark transitioned from ass to tits for a few minutes and knelt down next to Amy. She thrust her chest out for him. 

"My husband stopped caring about my EEs a long time ago." she confided, "It'll feel nice to have someone give them the love they deserve." 

"And who knows?" Vanessa shrugged, causing her own melons to wobble, "Maybe they'll give you some love in return." 

Mark stared unabashedly at Vanessa and Amy's boobies, sporting impressive cleavage in their ill-fitting sports bras. Now that he really thought about it, these bras were not appropriate for public. These MILFs – all of them – looked downright...slutty. 

For him. All for him. Mark looked around to see Emily, Rosie, Caroline and Sydney closing in on him as he reached his hands out toward Amy and Vanessa – one palm on each of their amazing, supple milk jugs. He clutched them hungrily, acknowledging that this was his destiny. These hot moms had agreed to give him his playtime, and it was time to start reveling in it. The twins smiled demurely as he felt up their respective twins, cradling their enormous softness in his hands – they were almost too big for him to handle. He had very special plans for Vanessa and Amy. 

"This isn't about yoga anymore, is it?" he whispered. 

Upon hearing this, Sydney, Caroline and Emily all leaned in and began kissing his face with sweet, starved abandon. Rosie leaned in toward his face and breathed one lusty sentence in his ear. 

"It never really was." 

She kissed him. He turned his face and kissed her. His gaze turned toward Caroline, Sydney and Emily, whose fantastic MILF booties were stuck proudly in the air for his viewing pleasure as they smothered him with the warmth and affection they were denied at home. The whole time, Mark refused to stop groping Amy and Vanessa. 

In that moment, Mark knew that this would be an unforgettable summer. After all, how could it not be? 

On Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at noon, these were his MILFs now.