 My divorce wasn't quite done yet but things were starting to fall back into place in my life. I had started dating again and before long reconnected with a woman I had known as an acquaintance in school and we had both landed in San Diego. The fifteen years since we both graduated had been kind to both of us as we had taken pretty good care of ourselves, although she, Jamie, had certainly developed a lot of friskiness in her personality and a bit of nastiness in bed...both very good things. 

Thursday I was at work and got a call from Jamie. "Gary (that is me, by the way), do you remember me telling you about Deborah, my friend from high school and college? She and her husband are in town for a few days, staying at the Hyatt, and want to have dinner tomorrow night. You up for it?"

I had nothing planned as we would often relax on Fridays watching a movie with take-out, so this sounded great. And I did recall something about Deborah being a bit edgy in her younger years, so I was curious as well. 

"Great! You girls pick the place. Let me know timing and I'll be there."

Friday hit quickly. The plan was Jamie and I would pick them up at their hotel and we would go to our favorite seafood place, Jake's, on the beach.

Driving from Jamie's house I asked why I remembered Deborah. 

"She was my roommate in college for a couple of years. Great girl, very smart and attractive, but she went through guys by the dozens. Lost interest quickly, it seemed. Loved sex, talked about all the time and I found her vibing away several times late at night watching some erotic thing on TV. Never thought she would get married, so I can't wait to meet this guy. Apparently they've only been married nine months or so."

We arrived at the Hyatt. The valet let us park for a few minutes by the door and we walked to the lobby. Deborah and her husband, Steve were waiting. 

Well, if Jamie described Deborah as attractive, it was a massive understatement. Hot, but that sort of hot elegant that can be intimidating. Tall, slender but muscled body, ramrod straight, dark brown shoulder length hair, a chiseled yet feminine face and piercing brown eyes. Her slacks and turquoise blouse highlighted her ass and breasts. No wonder she could burn through men a few years ago.

On the other hand, Steve was attractive, well dressed, sported a beard and roughly as tall as Deborah with her heels on. Not bad but I immediately figured he either has a boatload of daddy's money or was hung like Secretariat.

Introductions were had all around, hugs and handshakes, and we were off to dinner. 

Dinner was great as always. Conversation flowed freely with the girls telling old stories. I contributed as there was space however Steve was interestingly quiet, turning to Deborah often as if asking for permission. When the desert menus arrived Jamie suggested we all go back to her house for desert and a "final final." Unanimous approval followed. 

At Jamie's we settled into the couch, nibbled on a few pieces of left over cheesecake and started draining wine bottles. Jamie asked Deborah if she and Steve would be interested in some cannabis gummies, now legal in California. Deborah, without a peek at Steve, replied "Yes. We'd love a gummy or two!" 

Soon we were all, on a double high. 

A bit later Deborah spoke, "Jamie, was that a hot tub I saw in your back yard? Why don't we put it to use?"

Jamie smiled, looked at me and replied, "Great. We have suits you two can use, or," she paused, "we can just get naked which is what Gary and I do."

"Naked it is!" replied Deborah and Jamie left to get towels and turn on the tub. Deborah and Steve were directed to the guest bedroom and Jamie and I went to the master. Soon we all emerged wrapped in towels. 

We walked to the tub, steam rising in the cool coastal air. Steve and I, being the gentlemen we are, allowed Deborah and Jamie to lose their towels and enter the water ahead of us. Deborah was all I expected, tight, fit body, incredible tits and a clean pussy, just as Jamie's was kept. 

"Do we pass the test, boys?" Jamie asked. "Uh, yep," I responded weakly. Then we watched them check us out just as we had them.

Jamie, noticing Steve's dick and balls were smooth and hairless, turned to Deborah and asked how she liked his hairless condition. "I love it," she replied. "After our second week of dating I instructed him to keep himself smooth. He even keeps his ass shaved. After a couple more drinks I may be able to talk him into showing."

An interesting comment, I thought as I settled into the steaming water and nursed my pinot noir. 

The conversation among the four of us got more and more erotic as more wine flowed and pot gummy worms kept finding their way to our mouths. The girls were sharing college exploits. Deborah passed me a gummy holding it in her teeth, a pass that naturally turned into a kiss as I felt her tits press against my chest. Steve sat up on the edge, trying to cool off a bit. It was clear he was not hung like Secretariat, but his cock was showing a bit of life. 

Deborah suggested we play "Truth or Dare," apparently the girl's favorite game from their college days. 

I forget how we determined who asked who questions, but we went through a bunch of "Truth" choices. We, or they, learned Jamie likes, actually loves, getting her asshole licked. We learned Steve shaves Deborah's pussy but he does his own cock shaving. They learned I had a threesome years back with my ex and an old guy friend of hers. 

Then we got the first dare, with Steve responding to Deborah as he still sat on the rim of the tub. 

"I want to see your cock get hard, but without touching. Jamie, slide over to Steve and get his cock hard with just your voice. You can whisper, you can talk out loud, but no touching."

Jamie has a hot sexy voice when she wants and can talk as nasty as anyone, so I knew where this was going. 

Jamie slid over as instructed, pushed herself up so she was right next to Steve and leaned toward his ear. She began to whisper. 

Three of us, Steve, Deborah and I stared at Steve's cock. Whatever was coming out of that beautiful, naked woman's mouth was working. Steve's cock began to shift a bit, straighten and grow. I could feel mine growing due to the pure eroticism in the air and it sure looked like Deborah's hand had moved further into her lap. 

Eventually Steve's cock was at full girth, solid and very functional. Deborah ended the exercise and instructed Steve to go to the kitchen and bring more wine, "And your cock better stay hard until you get back," she added. 

Steve obediently left the tub and walked to the kitchen, cock swinging with each stride. 

"Listen," Deborah whispered to Jamie and me. "The next time I ask Steve 'Truth or Dare' I know he will say "dare". He loved what you did for him Jamie, and he will expect something similar. But I will surprise him with something he has always wanted to do but hasn't. OK?"

We both were insanely curious but we could not pry anything from Deborah. Then Steve returned with two bottles of wine and a hard cock.

We rotated around a few times. I recall more "truths". I instructed Jamie to make out with Deborah, which turned into a minor grope-a-thon. Someone, I think Jamie, asked me to sit on the edge and stroke myself to full hardness, with the thinking the girls should be able to compare to hard cocks as well as two soft. 

Then it came to Deborah and Steve. As predicted, Steve chose "dare"

. 

By then we were all sitting on the edge. Deborah slid over to Steve and in a whisper loud enough that we could all hear, said, "Steve I want you to do something you have always wanted to but never had the courage, that we have talked about as I sucked you and as you fucked me. I want you to suck Gary's cock."

Instantly, all eyes were on Deborah, then on Steve, then finally on me. 

"I'm not sure..." I spoke. Then Jamie slid over to me and said "It's ok. I want to see it too. I want your cock in his mouth." Then she slid back into the water so her head was at the same level as my cock. 

Steve was paralyzed. He never suspected Deborah would ask him to do this. But his condition also told me he had spoken of it and was not repulsed by it.

Deborah slid him off the lip and into the water. She led him to me. She put one hand on the back of his head and with the other she took hold of my cock and held it out for him. 

She slowly pushed the two together. 

"You have wanted this for so long. This is when it happens, now, tonight, with Jamie and me watching. Open your mouth, now."

Steve's eyes shifted briefly to Jamie, then Deborah. He closed his eyes then opened his mouth. Deborah slid my cock between his lips. "Now suck," Deborah whispered. 

I didn't move as I felt his mouth slide over my cock. Debora's hand on had firmed it up but as I gazed at the two mesmerized women and the guy I had just met sucking me for them I grew rock hard.

I was surprised. It felt just like a woman's mouth except for the whiskers I could feel on my balls as he went deep. The sucking was good, but having two beautiful women inches from the action was hotter. 

"Oh, fuck," Jamie said. "I never thought this could be so hot."

"Thought you'd like it, Jamie," Deborah said, smiling. 

"How did you know he would do this, especially with us here?"

"Simple. He does anything I want...anything. Don't you, Stevie?" He nodded. "I knew it when we met. That was why I was able to get him to shave everything only two weeks after we met."

Jamie looked up at me, "How does it feel? Good?"

"Kinda' like a blowjob, only way nastier, and way more erotic with you two watching and discussing it so clinically."

"Are you going to cum?" she asked. 

"No" Deborah interrupted. "Since we have gone this far, let's wait. We have so much ahead of us."

With that, she pulled Steve's head back, his mouth leaving strings of saliva between his lips and my cock, now as hard as I could remember. Deborah handed my cock to Jamie who gave the tip a little kiss and the underside a slow lick, as if reclaiming it.  

"We are heading into the living room," Deborah stated, seemingly assuming control. "Steven, after we dry off bring the towels. We won't be needing them."

Minutes later three of us were walking naked into the house, as if walking together nude was normal, while Jamie and I had no idea what Deborah had planned next.

Steve, of course, trailed behind, gathering up the towels. 

When we entered Jamie's living room, Deborah instructed Steve to place a couple of towels on the sofa then fetch everyone fresh glasses of wine. I of course sat in the middle of the couch anticipating being bookended by the two lovely, naked, women.

Deborah had other ideas. 

"I want Jamie in the middle." Jamie, puzzled, sat as Deborah snuggled up on her right and I on her left. With Jamie's arms around the two of us she was somewhat pinned to the sofa. 

Deborah's fingers drifted from Jamie's lips, down her neck, across her breasts then down to her hip and thigh. I watched, mesmerized.

"You have certainly held yourself together, Jamie. You are as lovely and firm as you were in college."

Jamie, anxious and excited looked at me, began to respond, then stopped as Deborah's lips descended to her neck and began a series of slow, gentle kisses on her neck. 

Deborah reached for my hand and placed it on Jamie's left breast, then she continued to caress Jamie, lips, breast, nipple, stomach, inside of thigh, then back up. 

I followed. Jamie moaned and her legs inched slightly apart, her eyes closed. 

Steve returned, a tray with glasses and his hairless cock still hard. 

"Put the tray on the table there, Steve, then on your knees in front of Jamie," Deborah said. Jamie opened her eyes as Steve knelt. "Show him your pussy", Deborah whispered. 

We all watched Jamie's legs spread. She glistened, likely from her arousal, and her breathing deepened. She was the center of attention, and truly seemed to be reveling in our caresses and collective viewing of her spread lips. 

"Eat her, Steve," Deborah instructed, "Go slow. If she cums you will suffer"

Jamie slowly and deeply inhaled as Steve further spread her legs and lowered his mouth to her. As he engulfed her Jamie let out a deep, long, moan of excitement. Her eyes, which had been focused intently on Steve and her pussy, closed. 

Deborah smiled at me, allowed her fingers to caress Jamie's lips then slit two fingers into her mouth. Jamie allowed her to explore, then sucked on Deborah's fingers. The two moist fingers then left Jamie's mouth, traveled to her right nipple and began to first caress, then twist. 

"Are you enjoying yourself, little one?" Deborah asked. She received an affirmative nod of the head. 

"Do you want more?" Again, an affirmative nod. 

"Good." "Steven, lift Jamie's legs and lick her ass."

My wife's eye's opened. She looked at Deborah, then at me, questioning. "You wanted to see him suck my cock. Now we can all watch him lick your ass. You know you want it." Her eyes closed, her legs spread further and her head lay back to savor the tongue snaking around her hole. 

Deborah took my hand in hers, placed two of my fingers at the entrance to Jamie's vagina and slowly slid them into the wet, steaming pussy. Her hand then slid under mine to find Jamie's clit. 

Jamie moaned again, then let out an "Oh, God" as the sensations began to overwhelm her. The three most sensitive places on her body were simultaneously being stroked. Her hips began to lift, rhythmically, as if humping the collective fingers and tongue. A familiar flush appeared on her chest. Her breathing deepened yet periodically gave a quick inhale as Steven penetrated her or Deborah squeezed her clit. 

"Let her taste your fingers," Deborah instructed me. I pulled my two fingers out of Jamie and slid them across her lips. She licked her lips and then they opened slightly. My fingers went in and while they explored her mouth, she sucked her nectar from them.

"Tasty?" Deborah asked. Jamie's head nodded. Then, as my fingers returned to Jamie's pussy, Deborah inquired," Do you want to cum? Do you want to cum in front of all three of us?" 

"Oh, God yes" Jamie replied. "I really want to cum."

"Do you want us all to watch you?"

"Yes. Fuck yes," Jamie said, as her hips rose into Steven's tongue and our fingers.

Deborah brought her lips close to Jamie's ear. "Well little one...not yet. You have to wait until you have permission." 

"I...can't...wait! I really need it."

"Well, little one, let me think. If I let you cum, to explode right here, in front of all of us, what will you do for me in return?"

"Oh, God...anything," Jamie moaned as her body began to writhe on the couch. 

"Anything? Ok. I want to fuck your boyfriend. I want to fuck Gary. And I want you to help."

Jamie's eyes opened to look at Deborah and at me. I looked up at Deborah, wondering if I had heard correctly. Deborah winked at me as I contemplated fucking her rocket body. 

"Yes, I will help. I will watch. Just let me cum, please...please."

The two women looked at each other, Jamie's body writhing as her eyes pleaded for release. Deborah stared back, clinically, as a small smile emerged. She said nothing, savoring Jamie's torment. 

"Now, Jamie. Cum for us."

I felt her hips rise from the edge of the sofa. Her body tensed, her flat stomach rippling as her body straightened. A guttural sound escaped her lips. I was sure Steven got his tongue ripped out by her clenching buttocks or he slipped it out of her ass ahead of time. I kept my fingers inside while Deborah kept up her massage of Jamie's clit. 

It went on and on, in waves, as Jamie would shift from deep panting to another round of clenching. Eventually the waves declined, her panting became continuous and her body relaxed. It was over.

Jamie's eyes opened, she looked at me the Deborah as the woman slowly placed her lips on Jamie's and they kissed. Then I kissed Jamie and asked if she was OK. She nodded affirmatively. She then looked at Deborah. 

"Are ready to help me fuck your boyfriend?" she asked. Jamie again nodded affirmatively. 

"Excellent. You and Steven get between his legs and get his cock harder than it has ever been, whatever it takes."

I didn't think it was possible to get harder after what I had just witnessed, but they went to work on me nonetheless. After Steven had sucked me in the hot tub, this didn't seem quite so odd, but it still took some getting used to. I felt hands, fingers, lips, tongues all over my balls and cock, even a periodic trail down to my ass, which didn't feel too bad. I kept watching until Deborah tilted my head back, kissed me, and began to tell me what our fucking would be like. 

As good as the action on my crotch was, her words took things to the next level. 

"I don't just want to fuck you, Gary. I want to devour you. I want you to devour me. I can cum a hundred times, so I want you to fuck me where you choose, to eat my pussy and ass until I cum from each, to torture me then let me release. There will be nothing you have dreamed of I will not do to you, you just need to recover quickly after I let you cum because you will cum in my pussy, my mouth, on my tits and in my ass if you want to."

"Are you ready?"