 Kayla laid her arm across my chest and pressed her warm, sweaty body against mine, nuzzling her face into my neck. 

"That was great baby," she said, kissing me on the cheek. "Thanks."

"No need to thank me," I returned, wrapping my arm around her. "I think you did all the work this time."

Kayla let out a giggle as she snuggled closer. 

"Yeah, I think you're right. I even worked up a bit of a sweat."

"I'll say!" I exclaimed, half joking. "You're soaking wet." 

"In more ways than one," Kayla purred back, her voice dripping with innuendo.

I turned to look at my girlfriend, her beautiful face barely visible in the dim light of my bedroom. I could see her loving eyes staring back at me as she softly ran her hand over my chest. 

"You don't want to go again do you?" I asked. "Aren't you tired yet?"

"You know I can't get enough of you," she responded, propping her head up with her arm. "You're just too irresistible." 

Kayla's tone was a little exaggerated, but her comment was flattering none the less. We had been together for almost a year and I had never been happier. Usually by this time in a relationship I would be running for the hills, but it was different with Kayla. We had fun together, and the sex was great, not to mention the fact that she was by far the hottest girl I had ever dated. In fact, I could almost say she was perfect. 

"Hey, are you doing anything tomorrow?", I asked moving the conversation away from sex to give my poor penis a much needed rest. "I thought we could hit the beach." 

I loved going to the beach with Kayla. Her body was amazing and it was always an ego boost being seen with her in public, especially when if she was wearing a bikini. 

"No can do," she replied shaking her head apologetically. "I promised Hailey I'd go shopping with her tomorrow." 

I cringed as Kayla mentioned the name of her best friend. 

"Make sure she doesn't suck any dicks on the way to the mall," I blurted out sarcastically. 

"Hey!" Kayla scolded, trying not to crack a smile but giving me a light punch in the shoulder. "Don't talk about my friend like that."

"Sorry," I said, laughing as I tried to fend off more of Kayla's playful punches. "But she is a bit of a slut."

Kayla gave a look of shear surprise and intensified her attack, changing from punching to tickling. Trying to keep myself from laughing harder, I grabbed my girlfriend by the wrists, holding her at bay.

"So what if she's a little bit promiscuous?" Kayla stated, trying to remain serious as we wrestled. "She's still nice." 

"Promiscuous?" I spat. "She makes Jenna Jameson look like a nun!" 

"That's it!" Kayla howled, her eyes opening wide. "You're gonna get it!" 

She then lunged onto me, struggling furiously as I held her back. Rolling to the side, I slipped off the edge of the bed falling hard onto the floor, bringing Kayla crashing down on top of me. 

"Owww," I muttered, rubbing my head as she rolled off me onto the floor laughing. 

We both had a good laugh before Kayla regained her composure and hauled her self up to her knees.

"Seriously though," she said, looking down at me. "You shouldn't make fun of Hailey. You know I used to be a bit of a slut too." 

Her words shocked me and it took me a minute to process what Kayla had just said. 

"What do you mean?" I asked. 

"Nothing," she said trying to dismiss the subject. "Forget about it." 

"Hold on a minute. Are you trying to tell me that you used to be like Hailey?" 

Kayla looked down sheepishly at the ground and began to play with her toes. 

"Well...." she began, suddenly becoming very shy. 

"Well what?" I asked, pushing for answers. 

"I was younger. I did a lot of crazy things." 

I was a little bit jealous but also intrigued. I decide to find out more. 

"Like what kinds of things?" 

"I don't want to tell you," she said, blushing slightly. "Can't we just forget I said anything?" 

"Oh no, no, no," I pressed. "You can't bring up something like that and then not say anything. Come one. Spill it." 

"Fine!" she said finally. "But you have to promise not to get mad." 

"I promise. I promise. Just tell me." 

"Okay, here it goes," she said, taking a deep breath. "I did lots of stuff, but there's one thing that really stands out." 

I remained quiet, allowing her to take her time." 

"Remember the night we met?" Kayla asked, looking down at her feet. "At that party." 

I nodded. I remembered it like it was yesterday. It was the first time I had ever laid eyes on Kayla. She had been wearing a tiny little white miniskirt and I thought she was the hottest girl there. Somehow I had mustered up the courage to talk to her and ended up getting her phone number. We ended up going on a few dates and started seriously dating a few weeks later. 

"Well..." she continued. "After you left the party, I ended up going home with a couple guys." 

My stomach felt like it was full of butterflies.

"And...?" I asked tentatively. 

"And I ended up having sex with them."

"Both of them?!" 

Kayla nodded, her eyes till transfixed on the floor.

"At the same time?!"

Again she nodded, looking very ashamed and embarrassed. I was speechless as I attempted to process the information that was just given to me. My mind was suddenly assaulted by images of my sweet little girlfriend getting fucked by two guys. 

"Are you mad?" Kayla asked meekly. 

"No," I responded, actually surprised that I wasn't mad. In fact I didn't know what I was feeling. I had always suspected that Kayla had been kind of wild before we had started dating, but I never dreamed she had done something like that. It was a very strange feeling but I knew it wasn't anger.

"Actually," I began. "I think I'm a little turned on."

Kayla cocked an eye my way as her lips curled into a little smile. 

"Really?" she asked. "It doesn't bother you?"

I shook my head. I was holding my blankets over my lower body so she couldn't tell that I had a massive erection. 

Kayla still looked doubtful, but she was willing to let the subject rest. I, on the other hand was only getting started. I was about to continue giving her the third degree, when she hopped up from the floor. 

"I have to pee," she said, taking off towards the bathroom. 

As she left the room, I climbed back into bed, unable to dismiss the sudden revelation. I laid back, thinking about the situation, wondering about the details. Did they fuck her at the same time? What position were they in? "Where did they cum?"

As the image of Kayla pressed between two men burned it's way into my mind, my hand made it's way down to my dick which was growing harder by the minute. What was going on? Was I getting off on the idea of my girlfriend fucking other men? 

I was beginning to wonder what other kinky things she may have done, when she reappeared at my bedroom door. 

"What?" she asked cautiously, noticing me staring at her with an intent expression on my face. 

"Come here." I ordered. 

Still looking quite unsure of my reaction, Kayla slowly made her way over the the bed. When she was close enough, I reached out grabbing her by the wrist and pulled her onto the bed. 

"What the...?" 

Kayla was cut off as I pressed my lips to hers, tasting the warm sweetness of the inside of her mouth. At first she ws surprised, but she soon closed her eyes and began to moan softly as our tongues danced together. 

Forcefully, I rolled over pinning her to the bed, kissing her with even more passion as I pressed my aching dick into her body through the blankets. 

"Mmmm," she sighed, feeling the hardness of my throbbing cock between her legs. "What's gotten into you?"

With her arms pinned against the bed, I raised my head looking down into her eyes. 

"I want you to tell me more," I said. "I want to know everything." 

Kayla looked back up at me with a look of concern. 

"Damon, are you sure? I don't want you to..." 

"Tell me," I ordered, cutting her off as I thrusted my hips downward. "I want every dirty detail." 

I lowered my face and began to kiss her neck, a move that I knew turned her on. There was a moment of silence as our naked bodies writhed together, separated only by a thin cotton blanket. 

"I liked it," she said suddenly. "It made me feel so dirty but I loved it."

"Yeah?" I moaned, running my tongue up her neck. "You like feeling dirty?"

"Uh huh." 

I could feel Kayla's moisture through the blanket as she became more excited. Kissing my way down to her breasts, I released my grip on her wrists sliding my hands down the sides of her body causing her body to shiver with anticipation. I began to circle one of her nipples with my tongue as she continued her story. 

"I had been horny all night," she explained. "I was also drinking quite a bit and really wanted to fuck someone. After you left the party I started flirting with these two guys, Chad and Justin. They both seemed interested in me but I more into Justin." 

I closed my lips around one of Kayla's nipples, sucking it gently. My body was tingling as I listened to my girlfriend talk. Reaching down I began to press the palm of my hand between her legs, feeling the heat radiating from her steamy pussy. Kayla moaned in appreciation but continued her arousing tale. 

"The guys invited me back to their place, and of course I went. We had some more drinks and I started to get really drunk. I was being really flirtatious and we were all making really dirty jokes and stuff. Chad put on some music and I really wanted to dance. I asked the guys, but they said they wanted to watch me."

My heart was racing. The feeling was unexplainable. It was a mix between arousal and jealousy and it was getting stronger with every word Kayla spoke. Peeling the thin blanket off her body, I sunk two fingers into her soaking wet hole as she gasped in pleasure and spread her legs wider. 

"Mmmm, baby that feels good. So anyway, they convinced me to dance for them which I did. As I danced I began to get more and more turned on and my dancing got dirtier and dirtier. Soon I was taking turns grinding my ass into them and flipping up my skirt to give them little peaks at my panties. They were touching me all over, groping me and feeling me. I felt like a dirty little stripper, but it turned me on so much." 

My fingers were now sliding in and out of Kayla's tight little shaved pussy and her storytelling was becoming more erratic as she moaned and groaned under my touch.

"I started out just flipping my skirt up or pulling my top down top give the guys a bit of a show, but as I got more turned on, I started taking all my clothes off. Soon I was only wearing my skirt and heels with nothing on underneath. I sat down in Justin's lap and began grinding my ass into his crotch. I could feel his big hard cock through his pants and my pussy got so wet! He reached around and started playing with my tits as Chad watched. Then he put his hand up my skirt and fingered my pussy." 

"Like this?" I asked, sliding my fingers in and out, fucking Kayla's tight little cunt with my hand. 

"Oh yeah", she purred. "Just like that." 

I urged her to continue as I bent down gave her clit a few tickles with my tongue, adding a third finger to her pussy. 

"I was starting to feel really nasty, so I pulled his hand from my pussy and sucked his fingers off, making sure that Chad could see the whole thing. Then I spun around and kissed Justin, but he pushed my head down. I knew what he wanted so I dropped to my knees and pulled his cock out of his pants."

Moving down between Kayla's legs I buried my face in her pussy, licking and sucking at her sweet nectar. She had to stop for a second as she felt my tongue inside her, but soon regained her composure and continued her story. 

"I sucked his cock", she blurted out, gasping as I tongued her clit. "I sucked it as he grabbed my head pushing me down. Justin started calling me names. He called me 'slut'. 'Suck my cock slut!' he kept saying over and over."

"Did you like it?" I asked, lifting my face from Kayla's pussy.

"Yes", she responded. "I loved it! It made me so horny!"

"And then what?"

"He told me to lick his balls. And I did. I was licking all over his balls and sucking his cock like a little whore".

I was more surprised with every word Kayla spoke, but I was also becoming more and more aroused.

"Hmmm, you are a little slut," I said, crawling up Kayla's body. "Aren't you?"

"Yes!" she moaned, feeling the head of my dick running up and down her swollen pussy lips. "I'm a dirty little slut!" 

"Did you feel like a slut when you sucked his cock?" 

"Fuck yes!" she groaned, thrusting her hips upwards, trying desperately to get my dick inside her. "I was a whore. A dirty little cocksucking whore!"

I had never hard such filthy language from my girlfriend's mouth but it was driving me crazy! Parting her pussy lips, I pushed my cock inside her, finally enjoying the satisfying feeling of her hot wet little hole.

"Oh God!" she gasped as I entered her. "Fuck me Damon! Fuck me while I tell you what I whore I can be!" 

I desperately wanted to fuck Kayla hard and fast but in my current condition I thought it best to start out nice and slow, so as to make it last as long as possible. In fact if we had not had sex earlier I'm sure I would have exploded at the mere touch of her insatiable pussy. 

"You should have seen me Damon," she continued, becoming even more aroused. "Your sweet little Kayla on her knees sucking some strange guy's dick! He was holding me by the hair making me suck him. And then Chad came up behind me and started feeling me under my skirt. He was playing with my pussy, telling me how bad we wanted to fuck me, so I told him to do it. 

Kayla's legs were wrapped around my waist as I moved my hips up and down, forward and back in a slow deliberate flowing motion. My body was pressed tight to hers, rubbing against her clit with every thrust. 

"Chad pushed my skirt up and started fucking me. He fucked me hard too. He was slapping my ass and calling me dirty names as I licked Justin all over. Then Justin shoved his cock in my mouth and grabbed my hair." 

"Mmm", I moaned, "I wish I could have seen you baby. Sucking cock and getting fucked! I bet it looked so hot."

"Yeah? You'd like to see that?" 

"Yes." 

"You can if you want." 

"Oh fuck yes! I want to see it Kayla. I want to see you getting used by two guys!"

I was fucking her faster now, but still trying to prevent myself from cumming. 

"Fuck Damon, you should have seen it. Justin came all over my face and Chad pulled out and shot cum all over my ass! It was so fucking hot!" 

"Yes, I want to see it. I want to see it all."

Kayla grabbed my head and looked into my eyes. 

"You can baby," she said sweetly. "But first...Fuck your little whore!" 

I smiled back and began pounding Kayla's pussy mercilessly as she wrapped her hands around my body, clawing at my back.

"Fuck yes!" she screamed. "Fuck me! Fuck your dirty little slut! Fill me up!" 

Every muscle in my body contracted as my cock exploded inside Kayla's hot little hole, filling her insides with my creamy load. 

"Oh yessssssssss," she whimpered as she felt her pussy milking every last drop of cum from my dick.

The tense feeling in my muscles was soon replaced with a feeling of fatigue and relaxation as I collapsed onto Kayla's sweaty, prone body. Slowly, I rolled over allowing my flaccid cock to slip from her cum filled orifice. There was a moment of silence as we both tried to process what had just occurred. 

"Damon?" she asked, rolling over to look at me. "Were you serious about what you said? About wanting to watch me with other guys?"

I stared at the ceiling and thought about it. 

"Because," she continued. "I think it would be kind of fun."

I cocked my head to look at my girlfriend. Her blonde hair was sweaty and tangled, hanging down around her big blue eyes. I looked at her mouth, studying her pouty lips as her tongue flicked over them. I then imagined those lips wrapped around some other guy's cock, and that tongue lapping away at some guy's balls. 

"Yes." I said after some careful thought. "I think it would be fun." 

"Really?" she asked in an excited tone. "And you don't think I'm a slut?" 

"Yes I do," I said pulling her in for a kiss. "And I love it!"

       *     *     *     *     *   

When I awoke the nest morning, Kayla had already left. Lazily, I dragged myself out of bed, noticing a note sitting on my dresser. Yawning as I picked it up, I unfolded it and began to read.

' Damon, 

   Last night was amazing! I had to run, but I'll call you tonight. I hope you're not having second thoughts because the thought of you watching me get fucked turns me on so much! In fact I think I'll pick out a new slutty outfit when I go shopping today. Talk to you soon.

                       Kayla   XXX'

Smiling to myself, I folded up the paper and tossed it back on the dresser. She was actually going to go through with it! I was actually going to watch my girlfriend get double teamed! A million thoughts began to rush through my head and a tent began to form in my underwear. 

"Oh yeah," I thought. "This is going to be hot." 

For the rest of the day, I couldn't stop thinking about it. At work, at home, at the store, all I could think about was my sweet little Kayla on her hands and knees taking it in both ends. I even had to take a break at work and step into the bathroom for a little "release". It was about 11 at night when Kayla finally called me. 

"Hey baby," she greeted cheerfully over the phone. "Guess what?" 

"What?" 

"I talked to Justin today."

"And?"

"And he's cool with it." 

"Really?" 

"Yep. And so is Chad. They're coming over to my place tomorrow. Is that okay?" 

"Uh, yeah I guess so. I just wasn't expecting this to all happen so fast."

"You're not having second thoughts now, are you?" 

I thought about Kayla's question for a moment before answering. 

"No. No, of course not. Tomorrow's fine."

"Good. I'm so excited. I even bought a new sexy little outfit, if you can call it an outfit." 

Kayla and I exchanged a little bit more small talk over the phone before saying goodnight. After hanging up, I crawled into bed thinking about the next day. In fact, I had such a hard time getting to sleep I was exhausted in the morning. Work dragged on longer than ever as all I could think about that night. After getting home, I had a shower and a few drinks to calm my nerves before Kayla called and told me to come over. I quickly downed one more and headed out the door. I was on my way to see my girlfriend get fucked.

When I got to Kayla's place I noticed there was another car in the driveway. My heart began to race. Was it them? Did they start already? Cautiously, I made my way to the front door and knocked. A few moments passed before the door opened to reveal Kayla standing before me wearing a short, white bath robe. 

"Hey baby!" she said, giving me a peck on the lips. 

"Are they here?" I asked, stepping into the house. 

Kayla nodded, closing the door behind me. 

"They're in the living room. Leah's at her boyfriend's so I figured we could use the living room." 

My heart was beating uncontrollably fast. I wondered if Kayla was as nervous as I was. 

"Damon?" she asked, looking at me seriously. "Are you sure you're alright with this? I mean, I might do or say some things in there that you've never seen me do. I may not be able to control my self."

I smiled and gave her another kiss. 

"It's okay," I said, reaching around to give her pert little ass a playful squeeze. "Just get in there and show me what a little slut you can be." 

Kayla let out a giggle.

"Okay," she said, taking my hand and leading me into the living room. "You asked for it!" 
