 Kinky Nikki Part One: The Story of a Debauched Housewife in New Zealand

Meeting Ron

Well, I suppose you guessed by now that this story is about me, Kinky Nikki. I'm 28, married to Ron for the last three years, no kids. Should I describe myself? Well, I've got red hair, long and straight, wear a size 16 -- kind of plump but no stretch marks if you know what I mean, nice shaped legs, and I wear a 40DD bra. Big tits in other words. Oh, and I shave my cunt. Does that shock you? Na, didn't think so!

Sexual preference? None really, I like men, women, straight sex, kinky sex -- well they do call me Kinky Nikki (ha ha) oral, anal, group sex, B & D, wet sex you name it I'll give it a go. It's all Ron's fault, he debauched me. I need to tell you how we met I suppose...

I met Ron when I was in Palmerston North, working as an escort. I suppose I need to tell you how that came about -- I was born in England and came to NZ with my Uncle and Aunt when I was sixteen. I still have the accent of an eastender from London, but a lot of guys find that a turn on. Anyway, I left home when I was 19 to go looking for a job and wound up in Wellington. I got a job in a supermarket and worked there for a year before I left because the manager kept trying to feel me up out the back. I bummed around for a bit because I couldn't find anything else, and then I met a girl at the pub one night who said she made a bit of money on the side doing sort work.

I was no stranger to sex; in fact I loved bonking the boys when I got the chance, so I gave it a go. It wasn't too bad actual, because in NZ most of the guys who use escorts are traveling businessmen, and have some manners and in the main aren't too hard on the eye -- not too many fat and ugly ones! It took me a while to get used to it, but soon I was getting enough to live comfortably at least.

Eventually I moved to Palmerston North and got work with an agency there. They seemed pleased with me. One morning they phoned and said they had a client who wanted a morning session, and would I go to his motel. I got dressed in my work gear -- black bra, garter belt and stockings, no knickers (the clients always liked that) and a long dress. I noticed that one of my stockings had a hole near the top, but didn't have any others that were clean, and being in a hurry I decided to hell with it and wore them anyway. Then I set off for the motel.

Ron introduced himself and we had coffee and a cigarette. He explained that he was in Palmy on business, wasn't married, and moved around a lot so he didn't have time for girlfriends. He wasn't half good looking, six feet tall, well built, olive skin and beautiful brown eyes. I started thinking I was going to enjoy having sex with this bloke, and was beginning to feel quite horny. I asked him if he wanted to go through to the bedroom, but he said no, here on the couch was where he wanted to do it and would I take my clothes off for him?

So I stood up, put me smoke out and started getting out of my clothes. I slipped out of my dress and he went oooo when he saw my bare bum. I turned around a couple of times for him and then went and stood in front of him, putting one foot on the couch so he could look at my cunt. He ran his fingers along my leg and up to my crotch, sliding his fingers along the lips of my cunt having a good feel there. While he did that I took my bra off and cupped my tits in my hands the way guys like, and he commented on how lovely they were. He got me to sit next to him and bent down to suck my nipple into his mouth, giving it a good tongue lashing. He was obviously very experienced. His fingers were in my cunt while this was going on, and I was starting to get wet, which he mentioned. I told him I was getting turned on, and he said that if I came for him he'd be right pleased. What are you going to give me to do that with? I asked, reaching for his trousers. He laughed and stood up and stripped off, God he had a nice body. Firm, not too muscled but well shaped. He had a lovely cock, standard six but it was really fat. I love a fat cock. He stood in front of me and I played with it, sitting on the couch with my legs apart. I rubbed it on my tits for a bit before rolling the condom on -- I had to stretch it open to get it on he was that thick. Then Ron sat down on the couch and invited me to sit on it, which I did happily, gradually working it into my cunt, it felt so good, I started posting up and down on it as he continued to tongue lash my nipples. 

It wasn't long before I had a fantastic cum, I grabbed his head and pulled it into my tits I think I nearly tore his ear off. He was laughing happily, telling me I was a fantastic fuck and using all manner of filthy language -- you know, things like what a nice cunt you've got, God you can move that arse and wouldn't I like to fuck you there, that sort of thing.

Now I had done anal sex before, I had one old guy in Welly that paid me plenty to stick his slim little cock up my bum, but I wasn't too sure about Ron's being so big and all. But he had just given me a fantastic cum, and I was really turned on by this guy. So I said look, you get me nice and wet there and I'll let you. I'll pay extra, he said and I say go on -- you can have anything you want. Anything he says? Anything I say, still floating on a post-orgasmic cloud. Then I want this first, he sys. He lifted me off of him and sat me on the couch before going off to the bathroom. He comes back with a tube of KY and knelt between my legs. First he got me to sit forward with my bum on the edge of the couch, then he spread my legs and lifted them up, getting me to hold my knees to keep my legs up and apart. This way I was totally exposed to him, my hairy (but trimmed) cunt and puckered arse hole staring him in the face. He squeezed a liberal amount of jelly over my arse and pushed some of it into me, then put the nozzle of the tube up me and squeezed more inside. He'd obviously done this before. As I found out later, Ron is a real arse bandit.

Ron began working his finger into my arse, and as he did so he leaned forward and found my clitty with his tongue. He'd nibble at it for a bit, then lick along my crack a few times like that -- nibble lick, nibble, lick. -- He was starting to get me worked up a treat when he worked up another finger, and so now I had two of them in me. I was beginning to relax into it, and really enjoying it. His licking me was sending me crazy! I started mouthing obscenities like, oh fuck! Lick my cunt you bastard! Oh yes, stick your finger in my arse! Ron told me later that my pommy accent was a huge turn on for him. Again, it didn't take long before I was over the top and squealing with another orgasm, I must have come in buckets because when I recovered enough to look at him he was grinning up at me, his face covered in cum juice. I just stayed where I was looking at him as he got between my legs, pulled me a bit closer and began working his lovely cock into my arse. It took some getting there, I can tell you! But he was soon in me up to the hilt so to speak, and started fucking in and out slow and gentle, before increasing his rhythm. His lovely hands reached up for my tits and he pinched my nipples hard enough to make me squeal, but not so hard as to be cruel. The pain seemed to shoot straight to my cunt, which was gaping open in front of him. He put a thumb on my clitty and began making little circles with it -- I was in heaven! I'd never been fucked like this by any of my clients, God it was good. His rhythm began to increase and just as I came for the third time that morning, he groaned and arched his back as he came.

Ron stayed in me until his cock began to go down, and then carefully pulled out, drawing the condom out with it. He disposed of it somewhere and then leaned forward to kiss my cunt, licked his way up to my tits and then on to my mouth where he gave me a long and lovely frenching as I wrapped one arm around his back and fondled his lovely soft cock and balls with the other.

Eventually we separated and Ron lit us another ciggy. I lay back on the couch, my legs still apart, puffing and chatting with him. That's when he mentioned my stockings having holes in them. I told him I'd have to get some more, you blokes are hard on a working girls gear. He laughed at that and said he'd like to buy me some, I said that wasn't necessary.

'But I'd like to', he said, real serious. 'Look, do you have anything else on today?'

'No.'

'Then how about spending the day with me. I've got nothing else on. We'll go shopping.'

'Shopping?'

'Yeah, shopping. Get you some new kit and maybe some kinky toys, grab some food and drink and come back for another session. What do you say?'

'I don't know if I can. My agency doesn't allow us to socialize with clients. I'll lose my job.' I was tempted, but, because my agency was a bit strict and sometimes I felt like a prisoner. I could leave any time I wanted, but that would mean no more work and having to go private. I only lived in a bed sit and you can't entertain clients in a bed sit. I explained all this to Ron.

'Tell you what,' Ron says 'Phone them up and let me talk to them.' So I did, and Ron persuaded them that it was a business arrangement. He was paying for two sessions, and giving me lunch in between with a tip. They seemed happy with that and it was settled. So after getting cleaned up ands dressed we were off. Ron took me somewhere for a nice lunch and a glass of wine, which was a good thing as it turned out. We stopped at a supermarket and bought some more wine and some more food for the motel, and then Ron took us to a sex shop located in a discrete area of Palmy. You know the stuff, sexy lingerie, dirty movies, vibes and all that. There was a lady behind the counter, 40ish but with a nice figure, smiley face, and nice makeup. She asked us if we needed help and Ron says yes- need some nice stockings, garter belt type. And some interesting toys. So before long I had two new pairs of black stockings, a waspy (which I'd always wanted) a vibrator, a butt plug and some ben-wa balls. The woman kept looking at me in a funny way but she was very helpful. She sold us some special lubricant to go with the toys and then said that I really needed a better bra than the one I was wearing. So I say why is that then, and she said something about not enough support -- big breasts needed good support she says. Do you sell that type of thing though? Says Ron. Not here, she says, but I have a friend in the business. She named a street address, and Ron drove us over there. Little did I know my life was about to take yet another rapid change.