 My ex called late last night. He talks to these fake slaves online through video feed or the phone and so on. They have phone sex and he wanted to tell me all about it. While he was telling me we both got kind of horny.

So I role played as if I was added to the scenario. I would arrive at his house. Walk through the bedroom door wearing a PVC (latex) black lace-up corset that made my heaving breast ache as they were pillowed over the black lace trim. It cinched at my waist, my hips jetting out in an hour glass form. My milky white thighs encased in black fish net stockings. My calves concealed in lace-up knee high black leather boots with 6 inch spiked heels, forcing me to walk daintily. My back arched causing the corset to force my chest out. My hair now a soft auburn with brown locks forming around my face. I walked over to him. He being my dominant as I am my own master and take charge over those below me. He introduces me to the slave who's a mere 22 year old slender white girl with dark raven black hair. She's lying on her back her head propped on double pillows. Her knees up, thighs slightly spread, feet flat on the bed. She's wearing whatever he wished to dress her in. I look her into her eyes, as her brown eyes meet mine before she lowers them out of respect.

I crawl onto the bed, my thighs over her hips. Her knees gently graze my large mesh fishnet clad bottom. I kiss her neck. My lips take in her sweet slightly tanned skin. The scent of her perfume emanates off her warm flesh. I cup one of her heavy 34 D breast in one hand as the other supports my weight, my chest nears hers. He strokes my back, then follows the curve of my rump down my thighs. He draws his fingertips down my inner thighs, teasing my already damp pussy before tearing the crotch of my stockings. Startled, I jerk forward, causing me to rub my nipples over hers. He sees us both aroused as our nipples stiffen and swell with desire. His warped lust-filled mind dreams up a way to torture and pleasure us simultaneously. He pulls out a pair of large spring loaded clamps designed for a woman's neither lips. Pinching one onto my lips close to my clitoris with a chain link to the other, which he secures onto hers.

He pulls her hips close to the edge of the bed which yanks on my clamp. I mockingly whimper, deceived by my own juices dripping down. He pulls me into place, as again our nipples brush over each others. His cock is stiff and swollen, the veins pulsating under tight black curly hair. He aims his bulbous head at my slit, teasing me, rubbing its milky juiced head against the clipped edge to the base near my back door of my cunt, making me moan. Her hand brushes my hair off my neck so it cascades down. He then rams its full length deep inside me, its fiery hot shaft pressing into tender flesh. His hands on my hips, he pumps hard and fast. Each one causing me to lurch forward and draw back, pulling and shaking the clamps. She shuddered with each tug as it rubs her clit and sends waves of pain and pleasure through her body. Our nipples nearly raw from the constant friction of our breast crashing against each other. I'm close to cumming. He draws back once more. Nearly pulling the head of his monstrous phallus from my sopping wet twat before once last thrust, deeper inside me then I have ever felt. His hot seed spewing with such intensity I can barely contain in. My body quakes, an explosion of pleasure takes over. Each heaving breath, each shuddering wave drives the slave crazy as she cums seconds later. We feed off each others release till I collapse beside her. Droplets of sweat form over every inch of exposed flesh. He releases the clamps and we soon bathe each other in the shower. More to come the following day.

The Master wakes up sandwiched between the two sexy women as I find myself woken by his morning wood. His erect cock grazing my naked thigh as my leg wrapped around his right thigh. I could feel droplets of his milky white jism on my soft flesh.

He leans towards me, pressing his lips against mine hungrily taking in my full pouty lower lip. He gently nips at my lip till I open my mouth to allow his invading tongue to penetrate my mouth. Our tongues intertwine as we kiss deeply.

Meanwhile the slave wakes to our muffled moans. Her desire to relieve her master's swelling cock forces her to contort her body which had been spooning him in her sleep. She maneuvers her face over his rod, her lips hover over the tip of his bulbous head. She parts her ruby red lips taking in the hot jism that seeps out onto her tongue. Lapping at the cream like a kitten at a bowl of milk. Her master's desire increasing with each flick of her tongue, sending shivers through his body.

Directing his passion to his top submissive, he dives his tongue deeper into her mouth, tapping at her uvula. The slave starts to run her tongue down the length of his cock making him shiver with increasing pleasure and his desire to fuck his top sub till she squirms beneath his near bursting phallus. The bottom sub takes each of his hairy balls into her hot wet mouth. Rolling the ball around her tongue, cupping them in her cheeks. While sucking on her master's balls, she reaches over to find her Mistress's sopping wet clam. Dipping her middle finger deep into her Mistress's cunt.

I gasp at the intruding finger but my desire lays rest any indignity and I thrust my hips onto her pulsing digit. The moister forming around her finger allows her to add another digit now pumping my pussy. I decide I needed a final relief, as I look pleadingly into his eyes. Asking if I may finish with his impressive staff. He nods and I maneuver on top of him. She notices my movements and wiggles her way up to his lips. They start to kiss.

I'm now straddling his hips, my pussy inches away from his cock. He instructs the slave to straddle his face while I lower myself onto his shaft. I feel the hot tip fill my tunnel, stretching my insides as my lubricated twat rides his stiff shaft faster and faster nearing climax.

The slave twist her slender body to tackle my lips with hers. I order her to take my full swollen nipple in her mouth and kiss it tenderly.

Her master dives his tongue deep inside her pussy, thrusting his tongue in and out of her dripping wet snatch like a small, bumpy, flexible cock.

I am ridding up and down on his shaft nearing climax. My body drips with the sweaty liquid that trickles down my thighs. He pushes his slave off his face and thrust his hips high into the air, sending me into an explosion of pleasure. My pussy clamps down on his pumping cock, forcing him to explode with hot runny jism like a volcano. I slither off his shrinking cock, nearing exhaustion.

He decides to allow his slave to cum after her pussy is dripping wet with a mixture of her juices and his saliva. He lays her on her back, spreading her legs so his hand can penetrate her pussy. He starts off with a mere 2 digits, adding a finger one by one, until he's up to 5. His slave moans and groans, begging to be allowed to cum. He nods as he nearly fits his entire hand inside her, causing her to cum with a great intensity.

He lies next to my fatigued unconscious body as his slave passed out next to him.

The end.