 Terese sipped her drink and watched the party flow about her with hooded green eyes. Cheri slipped up beside her and put an arm about her waist.

"How're you doing, girlfriend?"

Terese looked at her friend since college. "This party sucks."

Cheri's eyes widened. "I thought it was rockin'. I've seen you chatting with at least half a dozen guys tonight."

The young blonde yawned. "If you mean by chatting, listening to them tell me how their favorite music groups rule, or what they can do with their cocks, or what they want ME to do with their cocks, yeah. Personally, I prefer conversation that has a little more substance to it than that." She took another drink. "Damn, if sometimes I don't wish I DID swing both ways."

Cheri grinned, "Hey, don't go getting any ideas like that unless I'm around. I've got dibs on you, you know."

Terese laughed. "Yeah, you will be the first to know." Her eyes roamed the room restlessly, came to a halt and narrowed. "Who left the old folks’ home door open tonight?"

Cheri's eyes followed Terese's glance. "Oh, him? That's one of Carly's buds from work. Devon, Darrin? Something like that." She grinned. "I think he's kind of cute."

"Yeah," Terese snorted, "if you like antiques."

"Ah, c'mon. He's not THAT old."

"He could be your father, Cheri...or my grandfather."

"Thanks," Cheri said dryly. "C'mon, let's load up again."

The two young women wormed their way through the crowd to the drinks’ table. Terese found herself standing next to the old man. She had to admit he did not look half bad. Tall, long hair--mostly silver grey--tied back in a tail that dangled between his shoulder blades, his body beneath the tight black t-shirt showed no fat, but hinted at ridged gut and hard pectorals.

"'scuse me, gramps," Terese said as she edged her way towards the rum and Coca-Cola.

The man turned slowly to her, his eyes a piercing blue. "I beg your pardon?"

Terese smiled sweetly at him and poured herself a drink. "Aren't you up kind of late? I thought you old types needed your rest."

Cheri watched, amused. She had seen Terese in this mode before and it usually rendered whomever she turned her savage wit on impotent in speech and, Cheri suspected, other ways.

Damn, no wonder the girl never gets more than one date with the same guy, Cheri thought.

The old man chuckled. "Why, it's still early for the big boys and girls. Do your parents know you're still out?"

Terese's lips thinned. "Beats the hell out of me. Why? Someone appoint you chaperone this evening?"

"No," the man admitted. "But the cops tend to frown on minors out after curfew. Sure you wouldn't prefer some milk and cookies and a bedtime story to that?" He nodded towards her drink.

"Hey," Terese shot back, flipping her ponytail. "I'm not a minor."

Oh, shit, here it comes, thought Cheri. Terese's pertly petite looks had long been the bane of her existence, making her appear years younger than she actually was. She watched the flush crawl up Terese's face.

"Hmm," the man mused. "Could have fooled me."

"I don't imagine that's very difficult to do for someone on the edge of senility," Terese shot back as she tossed off her drink.

"Hey, babe, you keep tossing them down like that and you are going to end up a puddle on the floor. Unless of course, you aren't potty trained yet, then you'll have to go find someone to change your diaper."

"My name is not "babe", Terese stated as she fixed another drink. "It is Terese. Got that? Terese."

"And I'm Devon," the man said, holding out his hand.

Terese stared at his hand like it was some sort of faintly disgusting small animal. "So, who gives a flying fuck?"

"Oh, how cute," Devon exclaimed in a mock old aunt voice. "She not only knows the word, she can use it in a sentence. The wonders of modern education."

The booze starting to hit her, Terese rocked back on her heels a moment, then stated slowly and succinctly, "Why don't you just kiss my ass?"

Devon grinned. "Drop your drawers."

Cheri noticed the group of people around them had grown larger, watching the exchange with amusement.

Her friend, on the other hand, did not seem to be aware of the attention she had drawn. "You don't think I would," she accused.

He grinned, but said nothing.

Terese stared at him a moment, then pushed her way out of the people around them, spilling a little of her drink. Cheri followed and finally caught up with her near the door. Behind them, they could hear the laughter and faint cheers as the party continued.

"Terese honey..."

"That son of a bitch. Who the hell does he think he is to make me look like a fool in front of all these people?"

Cheri bit her lip, trying very hard not to let her amusement show. Terese with a few drinks in her needed no help looking like a fool. 

"Well, two can play at that game," Terese declared. She finished her drink and took Cheri's, downed it and headed back into the room.

Devon was sitting on a low divan, talking with two guys and a girl when Terese marched over to him.

"Hey, asshole," she called.

Devon turned to look. Terese grabbed the waistband of her jeans and yanked them down, turning her firm, pink ass towards him.

Silence fell over the people while the music continued to play.

"Well," taunted Terese. "What are you waiting for? Can't you see it without your bifocals?"

Devon levered himself off the divan and walked over to her. He put his hand on the smooth mound and lightly squeezed. 

"Hey," Terese said, "kiss and get it over with. Don't need to be putting your hands all over the merchandise."

Devon kneeled behind her, throwing a grin over his shoulder.

"And I said," he reminded her as he put his fingers in the waist band of her thong and pulled it down suddenly, "drop your drawers."

Terese started to straighten up with a cry of indignation, but Devon's strong hand upon her back kept her in place. She felt his hot breath caress her buttocks as his finger reached between her legs to lightly trace her cunt. His tongue slowly drew a moist trail down the crack of her ass. Her body trembled with the rush of heat building within her. She tried to struggle, to get away from the fingers stroking along the channel between her inner and outer lips. But the more she fought it, the greater the desire that rose in her. She could feel her juices seeping onto those long, knowing fingers.

Devon’s mouth began to make a slow spiral around her buttocks, lightly biting. His fingers rolled Terese’s clitoris between them, moving up and down the stem to the aching bulb at the end. Very gradually, he began to prise her inner lips apart as his lips moved closer, ever closer to the dark rosette of her anus.

Terese felt her knees about to buckle when the old man’s breath teased the fine airs surrounding her tight asshole. His tongue flickered there once, twice, a third time. Then, with coordinated ease, he slipped his finger into Terese’s cunt as his tongue glided into her ass.

Her knees did fold then, but he eased her down to a kneeling position gently. His tongue probed and explored her spicy rectum with the air of a connoisseur savoring exquisite escargot. He slid another finger into her, and yet another filling her tightness with fingers that did not just move in and out, but caressed, reached, teased the inner ruby of her special spot until Terese felt she was about to pass out with delirious ecstasy.

Though she had read about rimming and talked it over with friends in late night chat sessions, with giggles, she had never thought the experience would amount to much of anything. Yet the moistness of Devon’s tongue in her anus, the way the nimble muscle teased her into ever stronger lust, felt incredible especially with his counter rhythm of fingers inside and outside her pussy.

Around them, Terese could barely make out a murmur of noise, not talk, but something else. Evidently others had taken a cue from the impromptu sex show and begun experimenting with a few variations of their own. Not that Terese cared…she wanted more, much, much more of Devon’s tongue, his hands, his cock.

Whimpering, she pushed her ass closer to his face only to feel that wonderful mouth disappear. Yet, it was but a moment and he was back. Terese shuddered with delight as she felt the silky flesh of his hard knob stroking along her cunt from behind. She arched her back, exposing the fullness of her swollen lips. 

Devon did not keep her waiting. His strong hands on her hips guided her back onto his shaft. Terese groaned; it seemed like there was no end to that thick, hard dick as she slid backwards for what seemed an eternity until she could feel the scratch of his pubic hair on her ass, his balls swinging just slightly to touch her body, the heat of his hips against her.

He is so damn BIG, Terese thought, her tight inner muscles strained to take in his full throbbing length. She squirmed against him, wishing there was more.

Then, suddenly, Cheri’s face was before hers, eyes bright with desire, face a glowing flush. Cheri put her hand in Terese’s hair and drew their lips together. Terese had long resisted Cheri’s bi-sexual tendencies, but the fever upon her wanted only to be fed and the body did not care from where came the fuel. Terese kissed Cheri back, hard, their lips parting, tongues slipping together in joyous dance of exploration. 

Devon slowly drew himself almost all the way out as he watched Cheri and Terese kiss. He watched, with only his cock head still within Terese as Cheri pulled off her blouse and held her breast up to Terese’s mouth. When Terese took the firm, pink bud between her lips, Devon rammed his throbbing meat into Terese, hard and fast and fully. He grinned as Both Terese moaned, and Cheri gasped at Terese’s sudden, involuntary deep sucking of her friend’s nipple.

Terese sucked Cheri’s breast as if drowning and trying to find air. Cheri writhed beneath Terese’s savage assault on her breasts. She broke away at last and stood, stripping off her jeans and thong. Sliding under Terese, she opened her legs to Terese’s lips, even as her own reached to find her friend’s cunt and the long, pulsing prick that filled it.

Though she had never before licked a woman’s cunt, Terese knew what SHE liked. And as Devon’s dick began to move in and out of her in rhythmic long strokes, she began licking Cheri in those special places only women know. Feeling each delicious shudder of her friend as she would find another, Terese gave full and careful attention to the way her tongue moved. There, just beside and a little above the base of Cheri’s clit, Terese discovered just barely touching it with her tongue sent her friend into a frenzy. And here, lightly sucking her way back and forth along the short stem of Cheri’s clit could cause her friend to all but scream with anguished pleasure.

Cheri felt she was going insane. She had felt desire for Terese ever since they were college roommates. Yet, she had respected her friends wishes “not to swing that way”. 

Why did I wait so long, Cheri wondered as she let her lips move along Devon’s dick and onto Terese’s swollen clit. Cheri probed between the meat of the man and the soft inner lips of the woman, thrusting her tongue deeper as Devon moved into Terese. Cheri moved her head and brought her lips to Devon’s scrotum, sucking his balls one at a time as he began plunging into Terese faster and harder. Terese’s tongue on Cheri’s cunt became like a last, then a bolt of lightning as she rammed it deep into her friend’s twat. Cheri felt herself teetering on the brink of orgasm, even as she felt the throbbing rhythm of Devon’s penis jump tempo, begin to spasm. 

Terese raised her head and cried out in the throes of pure mind blowing pleasure when Cheri’s lips found her clit once more and sucked it in even as she felt Devon ram into her so hard she almost was lifted off the floor. Her body quivered with release, feeling his hot jism spurt into her, forceful spurts of white hot heat as his hands gripped her ass and he shuddered his own delight against her.

And that was just the beginning. Time and again, Terese found other hands, other lips, other bodies pressed to her. She drank cum from men and women she did not even know, felt their tongues and cocks enter her as her tongue probed the new delights of female joy. Cheri also made the acquaintance of strangers on an intimate level and with Devon first experienced that peculiar delight of slowly taking a slick, hard cock deep into her ass.

When morning came, Terese and Cheri woke in each other’s arms among the scattered pillows and blankets that had been thrown on the floor. Terese woke to Cheri’s lips upon hers, and the sleepy smile of her friend.

“Damn,” was all Terese could say.

Cheri chuckled; she had never known her friend to be at a loss for words. But then again, could understand her tongue might be tired. She noticed Terese looking around.

“He’s gone,” Terese said. “Shit.”

“You mean Devon?”

“Yeah,” Terese asked. “You’d have thought he would have at least said good-bye.”

Cheri grinned. “Oh, but don’t you remember? He did say good-bye. In the best possible way.”

Terese’s eyes widened as she remembered the last encounter with Devon. He had picked her up by the ass and held her in mid air while fucking her until she felt she was flying.

Cheri ran her hand over Terese’s smooth back and stopped just short of her buttocks. She giggled.

“What?”

Cheri rolled over onto her back and laughed long and hard. Terese wondered if for a moment her friend had gone crazy. When Cheri could speak again, she gasped out, “Go look in the bathroom mirror.”

Terese jumped up and all but ran to the bathroom. She looked at her firm, well loved body still glowing from the night’s pleasures and frowned. What was it that had sent Cheri into such gales of laughter.

Then, turning, she saw on her right buttock a mark. Grabbing a hand mirror she held it so she could read better.

5555-0655 was written in magic marker and the words: Call me, Devon. P.S. Damn, girl, you might just make me believe in Viagra.

Terese laughed as she left the bathroom to gather up her friend. Maybe later they might just go do a little window shopping at the antique stores.