 WARNING - This story has some mild male to male contact. 

*

As it got late in the evening, Cathy, Mike and Carl were sitting around the living room talking, laughing and just having a good time. The conversation was light and easy, the laughter genuine but there was the undercurrent of sex just below the surface. They all knew what was going to happen next -- Carl was going to fuck Cathy in the ass. A short while ago, Cathy had taken Carl's virgin ass with her strap on, causing him to cum all over both of them, and now it was going to be his turn once he reloaded.

Cathy appeared calm but her pussy was wet with excitement. She smiled to herself as she looked at Mike and Carl. Two handsome guys, with very nice dicks, who seemed to be willing to do just about anything to please her. She knew she was in charge and the guys were just waiting on her word to get naked again. It had been a long day for the three of them and Cathy didn't want to wait too long and they got too tired but she had to wait long enough so both of the guys would be able to get their cocks nice and hard for her again.

Cathy excused herself. "I'll be right back," she said as she got up and went to the master bathroom. Once there, she stripped naked, grabbed a tube of lube and finalized her plan. She smiled at herself in the mirror as she put globs of lube up her ass with her finger.

Carl's cock will just slide right up here, she thought, won't have to waste time lubing him up, he'll like that. Cathy giggled to herself, of course he's going to like it, he's going to fuck my ass.

She had jerked off a lot of guys, couldn't remember how many. She had sucked off and fucked a good number of guys, too, but only a few had gotten their dicks in her ass. And every dick in her ass had been in her pussy first. For some reason, that just seemed to be the proper order of things. Cathy decided that she would have to feel Carl's cock in her pussy, even if just for a few minutes, before he entered her back door.

Cathy put on her bathrobe, left it untied and walked back to the living room. Mike and Carl turned to look at her as she returned. Her open bathrobe and the sight of her charms brought smiles to their faces.

"Do you guys think you can get your dicks hard for me?" Cathy asked with a smile.

"Oh, yeah," they both said at once as they stood up and waited for her to tell them what to do.

"Good. I thought you'd be ready by now. Follow me." She turned and walked to the bedroom with the guys following behind her.

Once in the bedroom, Cathy had Mike and Carl stand about two feet apart in front of the wall length mirror. She stood behind Carl, reached around him and unbuttoned his shirt.

"Does it turn you on to have a woman undress you?" she asked.

"Yes, a lot," Carl said.

"There is something sexy about it, isn't there?" Cathy said as she pulled his shirt off his shoulders and let it drop on the floor. She then undid the front of his pants and went down on her knees as she pulled them down. "To me, it's like unwrapping a present but I'm glad you guys aren't wearing shoes and socks. That's like having too much ribbon to fight."

She leaned her head against Carl's hip and watched his semi-erect cock get harder with each beat of his heart. Each pulse made it longer, fatter and stand up straighter.

Carl stood still, enjoying the feeling of his growing erection and the warmth of Cathy's head against his hip. He waited for Cathy to do what she wanted and to tell him what to do. He knew he was going to enjoy whatever she had in mind.

"I love watching a dick get hard and knowing I'm the reason for it," purred Cathy. "I am the reason, aren't I?" she asked as she stood up, rubbed herself against his back, reached in front of him and began stroking his hard cock.

Carl let out a slight moan and said, "Oh, yes, you are." He looked in the mirror to watch Cathy's hand pump his dick and see her face peeking out from behind him.

"Mmm, I like hearing that. Do you know what else I like?"

"Tell me and I'll do it for you," Carl said almost breathlessly.

"You just did. I like hearing you say you'll do anything for me." 

"I will. I'll do anything for you."

Cathy smiled and looked over at Mike. He was standing still, awaiting her words and staring at her hand pumping Carl's cock. She could tell from the bulge in his pants that he enjoyed the sight of her fingers wrapped around his best friend's dick but she wanted to hear him say it.

"Mike, do you like watching me jerk off Carl?"

"Yes," said Mike, shifting his gaze from Carl's cock to Cathy's eyes. "That looks so hot and I know how good it feels."

"Would you like to masturbate while you watch?"

"Yes," answered Mike breathing heavily. He was tempted to whip out his dick and start stroking it but waited on Cathy's words to tell him what to do. She was in charge this time around and he knew he was going to enjoy whatever she wanted to do.

Cathy admired Mike's restraint, she knew it must be almost painful for him to not have his fingers wrapped around his own cock right now. "Are you waiting for me to tell you what to do?" she asked him.

"Yes," he answered.

Cathy smiled and slid her hand up and down Carl's cock with extra long and slow pumps. "You guys are so good to me," she said.

She gave Carl's cock a gentle squeeze before letting go of him and said, "Sit in the chair, I'll be right with you."

Carl sat in the chair, which was sideways to the mirror and facing Mike. Cathy stepped behind Mike, turned him so he was facing Carl and began undressing him. "And now it's time to get you out of your clothes, you've been waiting so patiently," she said. In moments he was naked with his hard dick sticking straight out in front of him. Cathy stood behind him, reached in front of him and began stroking his cock. She heard Mike sigh contentedly and she looked at Carl sitting in the chair, his hands gripping the chair's arms and his pulsating dick standing straight up while he watched her hand slide up and down Mike's cock.

"Carl, do you like watching me jerk off Mike?"

"Yes," he answered. "You are amazing."

"Would you like to masturbate while you watch?"

"Yes," he said and almost instinctively started to reach for his cock but he stopped himself.

Cathy noticed his restraint and marveled that the promise of incredible sex gave her so much power over both guys. "It's okay," Cathy said softly. "Go ahead, wrap your fingers around your dick and masturbate for us."

Carl did as she said and began masturbating. He moved his hand up and down his dick at the same pace that Cathy was stroking Mike's dick. This was a little kinky, jerking off to the sight of Mike being jerked off but it did excite him and felt so good. He again thought how Cathy was able to take masturbation to such new heights of pleasure.

Cathy smiled at the way that Carl was pumping his cock the same way she was pumping Mike's. She slowed the pace of her hand on Mike's dick and Carl did the same with his. She sped up and so did he. She looked at Mike and saw that he was watching Carl jerk off. "Mike, you like watching Carl masturbate, don't you?" she asked.

"Yes," he answered breathlessly. "It's incredible that you can do this to us. If you keep jerking me off like this, I bet we'd both cum at the same time."

"I'm glad we all like the same things," Cathy said. "But I have more plans for your dicks before you cum." And then she let go of Mike's dick and watched Carl let go of his cock in mid stroke.

The guys turned their eyes to Cathy, still in her bathrobe, as she moved towards Carl and knelt beside him. She reached for his dick and began sliding her hand up and down the hard shaft. She turned to Mike and said, "Go ahead, Mike, masturbate while you watch me jerk off Carl. You wanted to before and now you can. Masturbate for us."

Mike was happy to hear Cathy say that and he immediately began stroking his dick at the same pace that Cathy stroked Carl's cock. It was a different but wonderful feeling to be jerking off to the sight of Carl's cock being stroked and doing it with the same movements.

"Carl, do you like watching Mike masturbate?" Cathy asked.

Carl turned his gaze from Mike's dick to Cathy's eyes. "Yes, you are amazing," he said as he felt Cathy's hand send waves of pleasure through his body.

"I think it's so hot that I can please both of you by jerking off one of you," Cathy said. Her pussy was dripping and she needed to have it satisfied but she liked watching the guys masturbate so much and there were a few more things she wanted to do first. She pumped Carl's cock slower and slower and watched Mike do the same with his dick. Finally she stopped moving her hand and Mike stopped, too. He kept his fingers wrapped around his pulsating shaft and anxiously awaited her next move.

Cathy looked at Mike and said, "I'm glad you like watching me jerk off Carl. I like the way you stroke your dick the same way that I stroke his. But now I want to you to take charge and show me how you'd like to see me do it. Show me how to jerk off Carl."

Mike gazed at Cathy and marveled at the ideas she came up with. His answer to her was to slowly move his hand up and down his hard dick. Cathy smiled at his response and mimicked his movements on Carl's cock.

"Does this feel good to you, Carl?" Cathy asked.

"Oh yes," Carl said with a moan.

"It's like Mike is jerking you off by remote control, isn't it?"

Carl's only response was another moan of pleasure. Mike responded by stroking his dick faster with Cathy following suit on Carl's cock.

"You're enjoying this, too, aren't you, Mike?" Cathy asked even though she knew the answer.

"Oh yeah. You know I love to masturbate in front of you and it's so hot to watch you jerk off Carl," he answered as he pumped his dick slower.

Cathy slowed her stroking of Carl's cock, keeping pace with Mike. "I like to think that you're the one jerking off Carl. I'm just your remote control helper. What do you think of that?"

Mike smiled. He knew that having Carl join them was a wild fantasy for Cathy and he wanted her to enjoy it as much as possible. He could see that this was making her hot and he wanted to get her even hotter. "I think you are one wild woman. What do you think, Carl? Am I giving you a good hand job?" he asked as stroked his dick faster again.

Carl was wide eyed as he watched Mike jerk off and felt Cathy's hand make the same movements on his cock. "Yes," was all he could say.

Mike knew he could cum in a minute if he wanted to and wondered if Carl would cum at the same time. He thought that if Carl came first, that seeing his huge load spurt on his chest would probably push him over the edge. "Cathy, do you want me to make Carl cum or would you rather have that nice hard cock inside you?" he asked.

Cathy smiled at the way Mike was playing along with her, he knew just what to say and do to please her. "I love watching you guys masturbate but I'm going to need a dick inside me very soon."

"I'm going to enjoy watching that cock fill you up," Mike said as he slowly stroked his dick.

Cathy let go of Carl's cock, reached for his hand and moved it to his pulsating dick. "Will you stroke your nice hard cock for me for just a little longer?" she asked.

Carl smiled at her as he started masturbating again and said, "Anything you want."

Cathy smiled back at him as she stood up and stepped behind him. She lowered her head to his shoulder, putting her ear to Carl's ear, making him look straight ahead towards Mike. She looked at Mike and saw he was looking at her. She indicated with a slight nod and a downward glance of her eyes that he should look at Carl's cock and smiled when he did. Cathy let out a low moan at the sight of both guys jerking off while watching each other and she couldn't help but notice that their strokes were synchronized. Her pussy was dripping and aching for attention but she had to watch this for just a little longer.

"Watching you guys masturbate together makes me so hot," Cathy said softly.

"You make us so hot that we have to," Mike replied.

"I'll jerk off for you anytime you want," Carl said.

"I like that," Cathy purred as she watched her two guys jerk off while staring at each other's dicks. She did realize that they were doing this for her and if she wasn't there they probably wouldn't be jerking off together, even though it was obvious from the strength of their erections that they were enjoying it. But, then again, Mike jerks off when he's home alone, either just thinking about me or looking at pictures and videos of me, she thought. And now Carl will jerk off while thinking about me, too. Maybe if they both get the same idea at the same time... Enough, I need to use their dicks before they cum in their hands.

Cathy stood up, stepped between the guys and dropped her bathrobe to the floor. Mike and Carl turned their attention from each other to her as they continued to masturbate. As much as she got off on watching the guys watch each other, she enjoyed being the center of attention even more.

"I think both of you guys are ready now," she said as she stepped in front of Carl. She leaned over him and said, "Let go of your dick, I'll take care of that for you now. But I want to feel you in my pussy before you slide it up my ass, okay?"

"Yes, anything you want," he replied as he stared at her gorgeous naked body. He just needed his cock inside her, at the moment he didn't care where.

"Thank you," she said with a smile as she turned her back to him, grabbed hold of the chair arms and slowly lowered herself toward his waiting dick. She stopped a few inches above her goal.

She looked at Mike and said, "Will you eat me out while Carl's cock is in my pussy?"

"You know I will," Mike replied softly. He knew Cathy was going to ask him to do that sometime during Carl's visit. He had eaten her out many times when she had a dildo in her and earlier in the day, Carl had eaten her out while he fucked her. He was a little nervous and very excited at the prospect. He knew how much pleasure this would give Cathy. He got on his knees in front of the two of them and got a close up view of the sex organs that were about to join.

Carl wasn't surprised at Cathy asking Mike to eat her out while his dick was in her. He saw how much she enjoyed it earlier in the day when he had licked her pussy when Mike was fucking her. It was the kinkiest thing he had ever done but he enjoyed making Cathy scream with pleasure. In the thrill of the moment he didn't even mind that his tongue and lips touched the shaft of Mike's big hard cock as it pumped in and out of Cathy's pussy. After all, it was impossible not to come in contact with his dick in that situation. And maybe, just maybe, he did give Mike's shaft a few extra licks. And when Mike shot his load of cum inside Cathy, maybe, just maybe, he sucked on Cathy's pussy just a little harder to get some extra flavoring. After all, he was doing it to please Cathy.

"Mike, will you please do the honors?" Cathy asked breathlessly.

Mike looked up at her inquisitively.

"Guide Carl's cock to my pussy. Yours is the only dick I've had inside me since we met and this would make me feel better about it and, well, I'd really like to see you do it."

Mike smiled when he saw the lust in Cathy's face. He turned his gaze to Carl's hard cock, poised inches from Cathy's pussy. He reached for the hard dick and instantly marveled at the feel of it in his hand. Familiar, he'd had his hand around his own dick countless times, but yet different because he didn't feel the sexual pleasure emanating from that touch. He couldn't help but slide his hand up and down the hard cock to see how that felt. When he heard the soft moans from both Carl and Cathy, he decided it felt rather exciting, even better than doing it by remote control, so he pumped Carl's cock some more, stroking it in a way he knew Carl would enjoy. He looked up to see Cathy staring down at him, wide eyed and mouth agape. "I just want to make sure his dick is ready for you. And I want to make sure you're ready, too," he said as he leaned forward and began licking and slurping at her pussy while continuing to stroke the dick in his hand.

Cathy could hardly believe but was overjoyed at what she saw. She expected Mike to grab hold of Carl's cock but she didn't expect him to stroke it. His lips and tongue felt fantastic on her clit and she could feel his fist slapping against her thigh as it moved up and down Carl's cock. She felt an orgasm building just as Mike stopped licking her.

"I think you're both ready now," Mike said as he looked up at Cathy. "Lower yourself and let Carl inside you."

Carl was surprised at Cathy's request for Mike to guide his dick into her but didn't have much time to think about it before he felt Mike's fingers wrap around his cock and stroke it. He let out a soft moan at the feeling of the first guy to ever touch him sexually. When he heard Cathy moan, too, the pieces came together and he finally realized that she got off on watching he and Mike touch each other. He also realized that he was really enjoying the hand job that Mike was giving him. It wasn't just that Mike had a good technique, it was also the kink factor. This was his best friend jerking him off in front of Cathy. He looked in the mirror and saw Mike's face buried between Cathy's legs, the look of ecstasy on Cathy's face and Mike's dick was a hard as ever, so he must be enjoying the kink factor, too.

Carl briefly wondered how far he would go with Mike just to please Cathy when it seemed all too soon that Mike stopped stroking his cock. He felt Mike's hand holding his dick still as Cathy slowly lowered herself onto him and he felt the hot, juicy, snug walls of her vagina surround his cock, inch by inch. Their thighs touched, they gave a push towards each other and he was balls deep inside her. He relished in the feeling of having his hard cock completely enveloped by this incredible pussy that belonged to such an erotic woman.

Cathy smiled down at Mike as she slowly impaled herself on the hard cock in his hand. "I love you," she silently mouthed as she felt Carl fill her up.

Mike was mesmerized at the close up sight of Carl's rock hard cock sliding into Cathy's sweet pussy. He leaned closer, stuck out his tongue and began lapping at Cathy's clit. He heard Cathy moan and felt the shaft of Carl's cock slide along his lips as it pumped in and out of her pussy.

Cathy was overwhelmed at the feeling of a cock and a tongue working on her pussy. Not only were the physical sensations fantastic, the big dick filling her up while the tongue worked its precision magic on her clit, but the imagery of it in her mind was awesome. Mike was eating her out while his best friend fucked her, his mouth had to also be touching Carl's cock. Yes, these guys will do anything to please her.

Carl moaned at the feeling of Cathy's snug, hot, juicy pussy surrounding his cock. He had limited movement with Cathy sitting on top of him but the long slow deep strokes sent waves of pleasure through his body. The feeling of Mike's lips on his shaft increased the psychological situation in his mind to the point where he couldn't think, he could only feel intense sensations of bliss.

For Cathy, the combined physical sensations and mental images quickly brought her to a screaming orgasm that sent lightening bolts throughout her body as she convulsed and shook. Mike struggled to keep his lips on Cathy's clit, to please her as much as possible but then he felt Cathy's hands on his head, gently pushing him away. She was too sensitive at the moment and couldn't take anymore, at least for a minute or two. She stopped moving and regained her breath as she sat impaled on Carl's cock. "You guys are fantastic," she gasped as the afterglow of orgasm flowed through her.
