 Part 1 of 3: The Unique Job Offer

It was her first time being called to the boss's office.

Katherine had been an intern for months with no correspondence during that time from upper management. Greetings had never been exchanged. Not even eye contact. Things were about to change, however. She had just been called into the office of Mr. Halper, a man who was highly regarded within the corporation, and who had a great deal of influence. Simply being his intern was a great resume booster itself, but she wanted more.

I'm finally going to get that job offer. She thought. Why else would a hotshot investment banker call me into his office?

The 27 year old intern made a quick stop to the bathroom. She dug into her purse to find whatever beauty products she could get her hand on. She touched up her makeup. Then she brushed her long brown hair, to ensure that any wayward frizz was tamed. After being satisfied with her looks, she took a step back to make sure that her outfit was wrinkle free. Her shirt was neatly buttoned and her office skirt was without a crease. Everything was classy. Nice, neat, and professional.

She quickly put her purse back to her desk and headed to Mr. Halper's office, which was several floors up. She had never been there before, but the directions seemed simple enough.

After speaking with the secretary, she was allowed to enter the office, and she closed the door behind her. Butterflies were in her stomach and she tried taking deep breaths to calm herself, and to appear confident; a technique she had been using for years to great effect.

The office was large and spacious. It was designed for someone of authority and power. Mr. Halper was the perfect fit for the office. He was a sharply dressed man in his 50's. He was handsome, but with a stern, emotionless look on his face. He sat behind his desk reviewing documents as she entered and closed the door behind her.

"It's a pleasure to finally meet you, Mr. Halper," she said, walking up to shake his hand.

Mr. Halper glanced at her and shook hands, not bothering to stand.

"Sit."

She did as she was told without hesitation, although she did not quite conceal the slight pause and flicker of a disappointed look on her face when the formal greeting was declined. She sat down nervously in front of his desk, with her back straight and her hands on her lap. This was going to be mildly awkward, and she knew it. Especially since her personality was bubbly and he seemed like such a serious person.

"You have a beautiful office," she said politely.

"Thank you, Kate. Or was it Katie?"

"Katherine, sir."

He shrugged it off, not caring. "I saw you in the lobby earlier this week and I wondered who you were. I asked around and I was told you're an intern here, correct?"

"That's correct sir."

"Why haven't we met before?"

She looked confused. "I'm not sure, sir."

"You never thought to take the initiative? If you want a permanent job, why haven't you gone straight to management? Which is me. Are you not motivated enough to do that?"

The words felt like a punch in the gut. Her entire body tensed.

"I...I am motivated, sir."

"Relax. I'm only giving you a hard time," he replied, cracking a rare smile.

Finally, the words she wanted to hear. Her body relaxed.

"Oh, that's a relief. You had me worried for a moment."

Mr. Halper looked down at a paper on his desk. "I have your resume here. It's impressive. Masters degree in economics. Good schools, good grades, lots of activities. Lots of internships. Yet you've never held a real job."

"Actually I've had a few jobs in my life," she clarified. "But I've mostly interned at different places since graduating from college. It's tough finding a permanent entry level position in this city."

"Then why come to the city?"

"Because I like it here," she said vaguely, which the boss sensed.

He gave her a sharp look. "If you want to work for me, you've got to be honest. Why the city? Why such a ruthless place? Be precise in your answer."

Deep down, Katherine knew this was her chance. If she was vague again, and if she didn't give the straight answer that he wanted, then she knew that the doors would soon be closed to her.

"Honestly," she gulped. "I've always wanted to be a big city person. I'm from a suburban area. I was never very popular. This is my chance to reinvent myself into something new. Something better. It's a long story, and I don't want to bore you with it."

"Good. I like where this is headed. You can tell me the rest once we get to know each other better. Now, how would you like to take the first step in achieving that goal?"

She raised an eyebrow and blurted out, "Are you offering me a job?"

The moment those words left her mouth, she instantly regretted it. Being so blunt wasn't normally in her nature, but the excitement had gotten to her, and she hoped that he wasn't put off by it.

"I've always had an eye for good talent. So yes, I'm offering you a full-time job. When I saw you this week for the first time, I knew you had potential. When I reviewed your resume, I was right. Our meeting only reaffirms my decision."

She was taken aback by the good news, but she tried to control her excitement. She didn't want to look like a fool in front of the boss.

"Thank you. This means a lot. I certainly wasn't expecting this kind of news so soon."

"We'll make a good team, Kitty."

"Actually, it's Katherine. But you can call me whatever you want. I'm used to mix-ups with my name."

"Then I'll call you Kitten. Your face reminds me of a cat. You move like one too. Do you mind if I call you Kitten?"

"Not at all," she replied, feeling a little annoyed.

But he did have a point though, with the cat reference. With Katherine's feminine features, sharp eyes, a small mouth, and a slightly upturned little nose, she actually did kind of look like a kitten, in a cute way. Those features had always made her popular with boys growing up.

"I knew you'd like that name. Kitten. It suits you perfectly."

The name made her slightly uncomfortable. It felt like a stripper's name. But who was she to complain? She'd just been given a great opportunity to work for the prestigious company. She politely nodded.

"May I ask about the job I'm being offered?" she inquired, hoping to shift the conversation to more practical matters.

"Does it matter?"

She looked dumbfounded. "It does. I'd like to know what I'll be doing."

"How long have you been an intern here?" Mr. Halper asked.

"Nearly 4 months."

"And you calculate numbers everyday, correct?"

"Correct."

"I don't think numbers suit you," he said confidently. "You don't seem like a numbers person."

"I have a degree in math and business," she pointed out, while feeling slightly baffled by the assertion.

"That's not the point. Do you know why I'm so successful? It's because I make deals with people. Face to face, mostly. That's what makes me a success. I don't punch calculators all day. I'll leave that to someone else."

"Then what would you like me to do?"

"Help me close deals," he said. "It's a special position made just for you."

She nodded. "You mean like a negotiator? Or do you want me to brief you on the financial implications on each deal?"

"You're not listening, Kitten. Forget the numbers. You'll be working with me to serve clients and partners. Do you like the sound of that?"

"I do."

"Good girl. But you have to understand, what we do here is extremely sensitive. There's a lot of competition. And there's a lot of money in the financial world, obviously, so the stakes are high. Do you understand?"

"I understand completely," she replied. "My father was a manager for a large multinational corporation. I used to work with him. So I understand the need to be discreet."

"Excellent."

"Are there any other details I should know about? Forgive me, but I'm still not exactly sure what you want me to do."

"Don't worry about specifics for the moment," he replied. "The details are still being worked out. It's frankly a simple job for someone like you."

"I'm up for anything. I'm just thrilled to be working here."

"Well you don't officially have the job yet. Remember, the material aspects of the offer have yet to be made, so it can still be revoked."

Her mood quickly sombered. "Oh."

"Do you live alone?" he asked.

"Yes, in a small apartment."

"Your address is on file. What time do you arrive to the office?"

"Around 8."

"I'll be there 7:30 in the morning tomorrow," he stated. "We'll go over the documents together. You'll need to sign some things before an offer can be made. If we come to terms, I'll give you a ride to your new office."

Her eyes widened. "7:30 sounds great."

"Our meeting is over. Please leave."

She stood up and graciously shook his hand.

"This really means a lot to me."

He nodded. "One more thing, Kitten."

"Yes?"

"Wear a nice dress for me tomorrow morning. You can change into your office clothes after we sign the agreements."

She hesitantly nodded, a hint of uncertainty present, but agreed. "Yes sir."

***

Kitten woke up early the next morning to prepare. She was smart enough to realize that the boss's request was inappropriate. Ordinarily, she would never have put up with it. Ordinarily, she would have filed a complaint. But she desperately wanted a job from Mr. Halper. There was also a part of her that was mildly attracted to him. There was also something about the scenario that excited her, aside from the upcoming job offer.

After a long warm shower, she dried her body with a towel, then she used a blow dryer on her hair. She remained naked in her small bedroom while she applied her makeup. Cosmetics was always strategic for her. She wanted to look formal and professional, yet she wanted to enhance her beauty. In her experience, being pretty was always a benefit. Even if nothing else, it demonstrated to others that she wanted to take the time to make herself presentable.

The hardest part was deciding what to wear. She picked out a thin black bra with matching panties. Then a black dress. Stockings on her legs. Not too revealing. Not too prudish. Just right.

Mr. Halper arrived exactly when he said, 7:30 am. He wore a nice suit, as always, and a strong cologne. He stepped into the apartment with a briefcase in hand, along with a confidence which made it seem like he owned the place.

She almost felt humiliated to let such a powerful man in her embarrassingly small apartment. But he didn't seem to mind.

"Lovely place," he said, looking at the interior design. "You've done well with it."

"Thank you. I've always had a passion for decoration."

"I can see that. But we're not here to discuss your hobbies. We're here to discuss your future with the company."

Mr. Halper put his briefcase down on a table, then opened it. They appeared to be contracts. Several different kinds.

"Sign the top document before we proceed," he ordered. "It's a non-disclosure form. It means you can never reveal the contents of this offer. I've had my lawyers draft it in plain English. Read it first. Then we'll proceed with the job offer, assuming you're still interested."

Of course she was still interested. She would always be interested in anything that Mr. Halper had to offer. She quickly scanned the document with her eyes. Then she signed in.

"There," she said. "What's the offer?'

"Your job will be to entertain my clients and partners. Make them feel comfortable. Make them feel at ease. Do whatever they want. Everything will be confidential. No one will ever know. In exchange, you'll be well compensated."

She was immediately taken aback by the sexual undertones which Mr. Halper was giving. She knew it was sexual. There was no doubt about it. She should have slapped him in the face. She should have cursed him out and shoved him out of her apartment. But there was something which appealed to her deepest darkest fantasies. Something she couldn't quite put a finger on, but it was there, somewhere behind her young professional facade.

But maybe this was all some sort of misunderstanding. Maybe a joke. Or a mistake. There was only one way to find out.

"Are you asking what I think you're asking?"

"Yes," he bluntly admitted. "I know what type of girl you are. I knew from the moment I first saw you."

"And what kind of girl is that?" she snapped, feeling offended.

"A pleaser. You've been the good girl your whole life. Haven't you. But of course, you're far more complex than that. Everyone has fantasies. Yours are a bit darker. More taboo. Am I right?"

Kitten froze. There was something about Mr. Halper's demeanor which was so alluring. It was like he was a mind-reader, delving deep into Kitten's psyche to uncover her secret fantasies and thoughts.

"I...I don't know if I can do this," she admitted. "This doesn't sound like something for me. I'm sorry."

Mr. Halper pointed to another document laid out on the table.

"That's your new pay," he said. "It'll be your monthly income. You'll earn bonuses depending on how good business is."

She looked at the number. It was enticing. It was far more than she had expected at her young age in the corporate world.

"What will I tell people about the money I'm making?"

"You'll be named my senior representative for customer relations," he said. "I'll have business cards printed for you. It'll be a nice thing to show your friends and family."

It made her feel uneasy to have her parents mentioned for such a conversation. But if she was honest with herself, the new job title was stellar.

"And if I can't...you know...do this? What happens then?"

"Then you return to your internship," he said. "Just the way it was. Maybe I'll decide to promote you someday... if there's an opening."

She shook her head. "I...I can't. I can't do this. This is too much for me. I'm sorry if you misunderstood. I won't tell anyone about this, I promise. But I can't do it."

"You can't? Or you want more money?"

"I can't," she replied. "The money is more than I could have ever expected."

He shrugged. "Maybe I misjudged you."

Mr. Halper looked away from her and proceeded to place the documents back inside of his briefcase. His face remained expressionless, and it was impossible to read his feelings.

"Will this affect my standing with the company?" she asked.

"Everything remains exactly the same. Have a good day, Katherine."

He took his briefcase and left. It was a strange moment for her. What just happened? she thought. She immediately second guessed her decision to turn down the offer. Even worse, she found herself feeling upset that she was no longer Kitten. She had become Katherine to him.

***

Katherine switched to her usual office attire. She ditched her usual high heels. She didn't take a cab that day. She needed a long walk in her comfortable pair of shoes. It took 30 minutes of walking through downtown before she reached the office. Nearly every moment was spent thinking about the job offer. Could I really do it? What would it be like? Are there other women in the office who do it too?

Mr. Halper was right about one thing: She had always fantasized about being the center of attention during a group setting. Being the one who everyone focuses on. Being the one who pleases.

Even while working in the office that morning, she thought about the offer. During her break, she went to the bathroom to relieve herself sexually. She sat on the toilet seat and played with her clit, thinking of sucking the different cocks of men in suits. Powerful and influential men. She thought of herself wearing expensive thousand dollar dresses. She imagined them worshiping her body and pleasuring her, fucking her, whatever you want to call it.

Then she came.

The hours passed. Sex was all she could think about. She kept her eyes on the clock, wondering if Mr. Halper had already forgotten about her. She wondered if Mr. Halper would make another offer.

She looked deep into the bathroom mirror during her last break. Am I replaceable? Is Mr. Halper going to make the same offer to another pretty girl? She looked at her reflection and she knew she was beautiful. She knew what she was worth. Most of all, she knew her own fantasies and desires, things which she never had the courage to explore in her seemingly ordinary life.

4 pm. Most of the employees were beginning to leave. It was arguably the biggest decision of her life. She had no clue what time Mr. Halper usually leaves the office, but she knew where his office was.

She grabbed her purse, said her goodbyes to everyone for the day, and took the elevator up to Mr. Halper's office. She was stopped by the secretary who asked if she had an appointment. After a few moments of discussion, and permission by the boss over the phone, the secretary allowed her to enter.

Mr. Halper sat behind his desk with his necktie loosened after a busy day. A far less formal appearance than normal.

"Is this a bad time?" she asked sheepishly.

He leaned back in his chair. "No."

She took several more steps in his office and stood near the front of his desk. She didn't sit because she hadn't been asked to sit. At a critical point like this, she didn't want to overstep her boundaries.

"Is the job offer still open?"

"Why do you ask?"

"I think I might be interested," she replied.

"You think? That doesn't sound like a firm decision."

She paused for a moment. "I am. I'm interested. I'd like to accept if the offer is still open."

"Well, what changed your mind sweet Katherine?"

"To be completely honest, I like the idea of, you know, the offer. You were right about me, I suppose. It excites me."

"Excites you where?"

She blushed, "Between the legs."

There was a knowing look on the boss's face. He was right. He was always right about things like this. He knew how to pick them. And once again, he had picked right. Katherine was tepidly ready to embrace her big fantasy.

"Remove your clothes."

Katherine's eyes widened. "What?"

"Take your clothes off," he repeated. "Everything. I want to see you naked."

"Now?"

"Yes, now. If you ask me again, the deal is off."

She looked at him with fearful eyes. Things weren't going to get any easier. Her fingers began the daunting process of unbuttoning her top. Their eye contact was never broken. She looked at him, and when her shirt was removed, she folded it neatly and placed it on the nearby chair. She stood in her black bra and office skirt. She did the same with her skirt. Her body then froze.

"And the rest?" he asked gently. "Take the stockings off too."

She removed her shoes and each stocking from her legs, standing barefoot in the office. Then she reached back and unclasped her bra, placing it on the chair, revealing her pert little tits with its delicate looking pink nipples. Then her panties, revealing her smooth, freshly shaved crotch and thin brown labia.

She was completely naked before the powerful Mr. Halper. Her hands were down by her side, which was difficult for her. She wanted to show him that she could be brave with her body. More importantly, that she could be reliable. Katherine stood with good posture, allowing her perky upturned breasts to stand proud.

"Excellent," he said, admiring her nudity. "About what I expected too. You are a jewel. Gorgeous in every way."

"Can I have the promotion?" she asked with a timid voice.

"Not yet."

"What do I have to do?"

"Touch yourself between the legs."

After a deep breath for confidence, she touched herself between the legs. She knew exactly what he wanted. It wasn't complicated. But it was difficult.

She masturbated herself while looking at her powerful boss. There was lust in the room. The tension was obvious. It was an exhibitionist and voyeuristic moment while she masturbated standing up, looking Mr. Halper directly in the eyes. She rubbed her clitoris in a circular motion.
