 This is a continuation of Part 1. To follow the story, the reader should read Part 1 first.

*****

After meeting in law school, Kittie and I got married when we graduated and both had successful legal careers in downtown law firms in a major city. She's a tall, blue-eyed blonde with plump breasts that ride high on her chest and beautiful long legs. 

We had a very active sex life starting in law school, but when we met I was relatively inexperienced and she was not, so she took charge. 

I never had any complaints, but after 12 years Kittie expressed a desire to broaden our experiences. We both work long hours. She said we should play as hard as we worked, and she wanted to find out what it was like to be fucked by two guys. As a result, I agreed to go with her to a club and let her pick up a guy. We picked up a tall handsome doctor named Jonathon, who it turned out had a monster, 11 inch dick. 

We spent the night fucking Kittie in all her holes, and when I woke up, Kittie was sucking my cock while Jon was leisurely fucking her once again, this time doggie style. Since it was Saturday, we stayed in the hotel the rest of the day and the next night, taking turns fucking Kittie, occasionally both doing her, and ordering room service and Chinese food. Kittie couldn't get enough, it seemed.

After that experience, Kittie and I got together with Jon about once a month, usually at his or our house. We would go out for dinner and drinks, then return to the house for a night and day of no holds barred sex. 

Kittie's favorite thing was to sit on Jon's big fat tool and then lean forward while I stuffed my meager 8 inches up her ass. Another thing she liked to do was to have Jon lay on his back and then sit on Jon with Jon's cock in her ass and have me fuck her pussy at the same time. She would also have Jon sit on a chair and then sit on his cock with her back to him so she could suck my cock and balls. She seemed to have no limits to her imagination as to what a woman could do with two men. 

As the holiday season approached, I was very busy getting ready for a trial. Kittie was also very busy. We were both working long hours, and had little time for each other. So when my scheduled trial unexpectedly settled the Friday before the holidays, I decided to surprise Kittie by picking her up at her office and taking her out to dinner. 

When I arrived at her office, I discovered that there was a holiday party in full swing. The main conference room had a large gathering of lawyers and staff. I knew most of them as I had been there many times, so I went in and was quickly fixed a drink. I said hello to a couple of people, and then walked down the corridor to Kittie's office. She wasn't there, but her coat was hanging on a hook on the door, so I assumed she was still around.

I went out of her office, and walked further down the corridor. At the corner was another conference room, but the door was closed. I could hear muffled sounds, but I couldn't make out what they were.

I opened the door and walked in. What I saw shocked me. There was a sheet laid out on the carpeted floor. Sitting on the sheet was Kittie. She looked startled. She was naked except for the pearls around her neck. She had a naked man standing next to her with his cock in her mouth. She had another naked man standing on the other side of her with his cock in her hand. She was sitting on another man who had his cock in her pussy. Finally, there was a fourth naked man standing over her with his cock also in her pussy. She took the cock out of her mouth, which incidentally belonged to Jon.

"Oh shit! Eric! What are you doing here?"

I was dumbfounded and incapable of making a sound. 

"Don't you know how to knock? Either take your clothes off and join us or I'll see you at home in about 4 hours!"

I was getting an erection, but I was too startled and surprised to join them. I was also speechless, I couldn't get a word out of my mouth, so I just backed out the door and closed it. As soon as it was closed I heard Kittie yelling.

"Goddamn it, I wanted to tell him! Not have him find out like this. Anyway, he knows now, so no use putting these cocks to waste. We've got three hours, so fuck me hard. I want all of you to slime my married, cheating pussy. Cum on my tits, too, and my tummy. Make me your cum whore."

I turned down the hall and walked briskly to the main conference room, put down my drink, and left without talking to anyone. I went straight home, and poured myself a stiff drink. My thoughts were a jumble. By the time Kittie arrived home about 4 hours later, I was drunk. 

"Eric, we need to talk, but not while your drunk. Come to bed and fuck me, I need more cock."

Kittie's pubic hair was matted with dried cum, and cum was leaking out of her pussy, but I was still turned on. She fucked me for about an hour before we both drifted off to sleep. The next morning, Saturday, I didn't awaken until about 10. I smelled fresh bacon and eggs. I went downstairs and approached Kittie. She had on a loose t-shirt and shorts. 

"Did you sleep well?"

"After what I saw last night?"

"Eric, it's you I love. And I can explain, but it's a long story."

"I'm listening."

"I've been fucking Jon for about two years. And I've been fucking Robert (her boss) for about 13 years. He was one of the other guys there last night. The other was another lawyer I know, Dom, and the last one was my ex husband, Jack. That was my first time with Dom."

"This goes all the way back to college. I met Jack at a fraternity party my sophomore year. He was an alum, and had belonged to that fraternity when he was in college. He liked me, and knew I was smart. He was a rich lawyer already, so he offered to pay my college and law school expenses if I would marry him and be his slut for five years. I did and he did."

"Jack is a pervert, liked to watch me fuck other men, and share me with them. Sometimes there were as many as six. He would have parties and I would dress in hose, high heels and a baby doll and not much else. I would end up fucking all the men at the party, often all at once."

"Sometimes he had parties with men and their wives. In those cases I would be upstairs in a bedroom, and the men would sneak up one by one to fuck me."

"Jack was true to his word. He paid for my last years of college and my law school. When I met you, I told him about it. He was actually pretty cool about it. He said if I stayed married to him until I graduated, and still fucked him occasionally, he would continue to pay my law school and give me a painless divorce when I graduated. But I liked the parties, I got off on the illicitness of it, and still did a few for him."

"He introduced me to Robert at one of those parties, and Robert hired me when I graduated. Robert had worked for Jack when he first got out of law school and they were good friends."

"Robert introduced me to his friend Jonathan about two years ago. They've been double fucking me ever since."

"When I met you I knew that you were relatively inexperienced. I didn't know how you would react if you found out I liked fucking lots of men. I didn't want to take a chance so I didn't tell you."

"But you and I love each other and have always gotten along so well. That's when I decided to bring you in. That was why I said I wanted to experiment. To bring you in gradually. I figured a three way with Jon was a good way to start. I was leading up to telling you all when you walked in on us last night."

"So you actually like doing what I saw you doing last night?"

"Like it, I fucking love it! You saw me with Jon, didn't you? I feel so free and unrestrained when I'm a slut for multiple cocks."

"How long have you been doing this?"

"It started my freshman year in college. I was known as Maggie then." 

"I was a lot like you were when I met you. I wasn't a virgin, but I had only fucked 3 guys, two of them boyfriends in high school. When I got to college, I found a new boyfriend, Todd, and we started fucking right away. We did it any time we had or could make free time. After the first semester, he pledged a fraternity. That's what got it all started."

"He invited me to a party at the frat house. When I got there, they had a couple of kegs of beer, and purple passions, which is grape juice with Everclear, I think. Anyway, all the fraternity members had dates, but my boyfriend was the only pledge with a date, me."

"I didn't drink much then, and I got pretty tipsy. My boyfriend kept saying he wanted to show me his room, so I finally agreed. We went upstairs, and he led me into his room. It had a bed, and a large mirror on one wall, but no desk, and no other furniture, which I thought was odd. Todd started kissing me, which I didn't think was odd, and which I expected. I was a little hazy, but also horny, so we were soon naked on the bed. I sucked his cock, and then let him get on top of me. He fucked me for about ten minutes, then came in my pussy. I drifted off, not sure if I passed out or fell asleep, but when I awoke I was being fucked. That's when I realized the cock in me was bigger than Todd's. I panicked and said 'Todd?' 'Todd's downstairs, I'm Jim.' Then Jim's cock started to feel kind of good, and I began fucking him back."

"The more I fucked back, the better it felt, and soon I had a big orgasm, yelling 'Oh god fuck me with that thing, Jim!' or some such thing. I could feel Jim's organ begin to swell, and he said 'oh god, I'm gonna cum.' Then he shot me full of another load of cum."

"When he was done, he got up and pulled on his pants. He had a t-shirt on the whole time. He went out the door. About 10 seconds later another guy came in and began taking off his clothes. That's when I realized that Todd had set me up as the entertainment for the party. I don't know if I was roofied or not. But I was awake now."

"I think I fucked seven or eight more guys that night. I have no idea if anyone fucked me after Todd and before Jim. Actually, I enjoyed fucking three or four of them, but they were all better at it than Todd. And I liked the idea that I was being a total slut. It was freeing. When I finished, I found my clothes, put them on and walked downstairs. There were still about six guys there, and they all started clapping. I actually took a bow, turned, and walked out the door and back to my dorm. I felt totally sexually satisfied, but I was furious that Todd had set me up like that."

"Anyway, Todd called me the next day. I told him I knew what he did and to go fuck himself. I also told him all his frat brothers fucked me better than he ever did and never to talk to me again. He pleaded with me that he didn't know what was going to happen, but I would have none of it."

"I actually kind of liked fucking all those guys, but not how it was set up. I was furious at that. So I called the president of the frat, Don. I asked him if he fucked me last night. He said he didn't know what I was talking about. I said we need to talk."

"So I met Don for coffee later that day. He was tall and good looking. 'Do you have a girlfriend?' 'No, we broke up.' 'You do now, or else I'll report you.' 'You don't have anything to report.' 'Try me.' So we came to an accommodation. He would be my boyfriend for the rest of the year, as he was a senior. In return, I would fuck him whenever he wanted if I was available, I wouldn't report the fraternity to the University, he would look after me at parties and I could fuck anyone else I wanted to."

"We sealed the deal by going back to his room at the frat house and fucking the rest of the day."

"Don asked me if I wanted him to blackball Todd from membership. I told him not on my account. I thought I would get more satisfaction if Todd stayed in the house and saw that I was Don's girlfriend now. My primary motivation was to get even with Todd. But I decided I was going all in. My first experience with Don was much different than anyone else I had been with, he was an experienced and gentle lover, and made sure that I had an orgasm. So I was cool with the deal I had made."

"I decided that I would go over to Don's at least once a week and fuck his brains out. I would usually do it when I knew Todd was going to be in the house. The first couple of times I called Todd before I went and told him I was coming over to see Don. His reaction the first time was priceless. 'Don? How do you know Don? And why are you coming to see him?' 'He's my new boyfriend. I'm coming over to fuck him.' 'What?'"

"Then when I came in the house, Todd was in the lounge area. So I said loud enough that everyone in the lounge could hear 'Hi, Todd, I'm here to fuck Don. You can watch if you want, but you can't touch.' I even asked Don if he could watch, but Todd never would."

"When the next party was scheduled, Don took me on a tour of the house. The room where Todd had taken me was called the Theater. Todd, being a pledge, had a room half that size and shared it with another pledge. Where Todd had taken me was called the Theater for a reason. The mirror was actually a window from the other side, and on the other side were four rows of theater seats, each row being higher than the one in front of it. People could go in the back room through a door in a closet and watch what was going on in the bedroom area."

"'So everyone was watching me get fucked by all those guys?' 'Yes. We usually assign a pledge to arrange for a hooker to come over for our parties. Do you know anyone that we can get to do that on Saturday? It's good money.' I was even more pissed at Todd now. He was supposed to get a hooker, and instead he tricked me into being the party whore. 'I don't know any hookers and I wouldn't do that to another girl. Why don't I do it?' I totally surprised myself when I said that, I had never willfully done anything of the sort.' 'You can't, you are supposed to be my girlfriend.' 'But I get to fuck anyone I want. And I'll do it for free.' He threw up his hands in disgust and left me standing there. But when Saturday night came around, he and I were at the party together."

"Don told everyone that I liked to circulate and meet new people, so no one thought it strange that I chatted up some of the cute guys. I found one that I liked, and told him to meet me upstairs, and told him how to get to the theater bedroom. Then I walked alone up the back staircase so that no one saw us go up together. Don was in the kitchen, and I winked at him as I walked by him and went up the stairs."

"Since I now knew there were horny young guys, and girls, behind the mirror, I walked into the room, wrapped my arms around the guy's neck, and waved behind my back at the mirror. Then I stood back, and shrugged off my loose fitting dress. I had no bra or panties underneath, and stood there in my red high heels and black thigh high hose. I was getting into it now, and the guy had a decent sized cock. I dropped to my knees and put my mouth on it. He came almost immediately. I swallowed his cum and kept sucking, pulling on his balls, and he stayed erect. I then laid on the bed, spread my legs and said 'Fuck my juicy pussy, I need some cock.' And he did. But he came again quickly before I could orgasm."

"I then proceeded downstairs and did the same thing all over again with another guy. Three more times, in fact."

"When the party was over, I stayed over with Don in his room. He said he watched all four guys fuck me, and that I was incredibly hot. He also said I was the best pussy he had experienced, and he did not regret our deal. He said all the other guys in the frat had seen me fuck at least once, including Todd, who kept saying what a slut I was. We both had a laugh over that. I said that was great, but I didn't cum even once."

"Then Don said to me, 'I think I can fix that.' 'How's that?' 'Fuck more than one guy.' 'I fucked four of them.' 'At the same time.' 'No way, I couldn't do that.' 'You're a natural. You like fucking and you can go for hours. Your kitty is ripe for the fucking of your life.' 'Ahh.' 'Tell you what, I'll set up something with three other guys from the frat. I'll be there.' 'No, not guys from the frat. I practically live here. They'll want it all the time.' 'I know some guys in another frat.' 'Ok, I'll try it.'"

"So Don set up my first gang bang. There was Don and three other guys. Don and I went to a nearby motel. We met there about seven in the evening. When the other guys got there, Don introduced them. We all had a couple of drinks. Then Don started kissing me and slowly pulled my jeans down. One of the other guys walked over behind me, pulled my sweatshirt over my head and unhooked my bra. Soon we were all naked and I had a guy sucking on each nipple, Don nibbling on my pussy, and the other guy's cock was in my mouth. I got very aroused. Then one of the guys, about seven inches, laid on the bed. I straddled him and put his cock in my pussy. Then I began riding his cock. God, it felt good. Don pushed me down on the guy's chest, and put his index finger on my anus and rubbed it very gently. It was very sensitive, and I jumped a little. But it felt really good. He put some lube on the finger and put it into my anus, pushing past my sphincter. Then he took two fingers, then three. He put lube on his cock and placed the head at my anus. I had never had anal sex before, but he had me so worked up I was ready for it now. He pushed slowly at first, working the head into my asshole. Then he pushed more, working about half his dick in me. He pushed it into me to the point in the middle of his cock where it was a little bigger around.

Meanwhile, the guy in my pussy was about eight inches long and was moving it in and out. One of the other guys lay down under my head and inserted his cock in my mouth. The last guy hunched over my head and put his cock in my mouth, too. So now I had a cock in my pussy, one in my ass, and two in my mouth. I was on sensory overload."

"Don pushed the remaining length of his dick into my ass, the wide part going past my sphincter, and got into a rhythm with the guy in my pussy. As they increased their speed, I started to cum. A wave of ecstasy rolled over me. That's when I got my surprise. I didn't stop cumming, I had wave after wave roll over me. I drank cum from both of the men in my mouth, and came continually until I had cum in my pussy, my mouth and my asshole. I had never felt like that before. I was totally wired."

"When they pulled out of me, I rolled over and passed out. When I awoke, about half an hour later, Don was there alone. 'That was fucking incredible.' 'I thought you'd like it.' 'When can we do it again?' 'The next frat party?' 'No, I can't do that. Will you marry me?' (laughter) 'No. I have plans after graduation, and a family would interfere.' 'K, but that was the most incredible sex I've ever had. I want to do it again.' 'It's your pussy, you can do it whenever you want. Tell you what. You can use the Theater whenever you want with whoever you want. Just call me at least 3 hours before.'"

"So that's what I did. I became a party slut. I started with the guys in the frat house. I told four of them they could fuck me in the Theater on the next weekend party if they did it together. Don was all for it. I did, and my guess is that the Theater seats were full to overflowing that night. Only this time I fucked the guys for four hours, in different combinations. I was totally addicted."

"Then the frat offered me free room and board to live at the house. I did. Soon the guys were saying that my pussy was available for anyone, and then they started saying 'Here, kitty kitty, wanna fuck?' I thought it was kinda cute, and I would usually say yes. That turned into them calling me Kittie, saying 'Kittie is going to put on a show tonight.' Pretty soon no one was calling me Maggie anymore, although not everyone knew how I got my nickname."
