 All Rights Reserved

Walking out of the elevator on the third floor of her new apartment building, Rose heads to the second door on the left and shoves it open with her foot. Dropping the box she carried on the floor, she looks around. 

Boxes are piled on all the furniture in the living room and she realizes that she is just half way to getting her new place set up to her liking. With only two boxes left in her car, she was dreading the unpacking that she would have to do by herself, but also glad at having the chance to move close to her new job at the hospital.

Pulling the door closed behind her, She headed back to the elevator and then down to her car. At her car she opened the passenger door, grabbed one box and placed it on the roof of the car, then bent back down and went for the last box.

Dave Carrington and Jim Porter were walking up the sidewalk and noticed Rose as she had bent over to get the first box and both approved of the way her pants tightened over her ass, as she struggled with the box. They were right behind her when she bent back for the second box and just stood there looking at her ass.

Jim said to Dave, “You know, when I wear shorts like that, it makes my rear end look huge.”

Dave laughed to himself and had to step back as Rose quickly backed out of the car with the box in her arms.

Dave reached out and took it from her and said, “Can we be of some assistance?”

Rose looked at him and said, “I’m just going up there to the third floor, I can get it, thanks anyway.”

“Well then, we’ll carry them for you because were going to the same place. I’m Dave, that’s Jim and we live in 301. You must be moving into 303, right?”

“Yes I am, my name is Rose, and thank you, I was getting tired of carrying these boxes all day.

On the way up in the elevator, Dave told Rose that he and Jim had been living together for about a year and that they also enjoyed the apartment complex because nobody bothered them. Rose was a little taken aback at the thought of these two good looking guys being gay. She didn’t let that bother her as she knew a lot of gay people and she let them live their own lives. Opening the door to her apartment, she let them drop the boxes on the floor and thanked them.

Over the course of the next few hours, Rose unpacked boxes and set up her bedroom, as she’d need it for that evening. After all that work, she decided to shower and just kick back with a frozen dinner and a book. While in the shower, she could hear Dave and Jim next door as they spoke.

Once in her room, food cooked and her book in hand, Rose sat on her bed and enjoyed the easy meal and her book, but she tired quickly and decided to get some sleep. Taking the food tray to the kitchen, she then returned to her room and slid under her covers and closed her eyes.

The silence was very nice, but it didn’t last long. Rose quickly found out that her bedroom was directly across from the bedroom next door and she could here Jim telling Dave how nice his cock was and how he loved sucking on it. Rose moved closer to the wall and listened intently as she heard Dave moaning while Jim was sucking his dick.

This was turning Rose on, she pictured in her mind what Jim would look like with his face between Dave’s legs, sucking on his stiff dick. The sounds of Jim slurping and Dave’s moaning, made Rose reach down between her legs and she played with her pussy as she listened. Rose almost felt like a peeping tom, but she couldn’t help herself.

Rose’s pussy was soaking wet and she shoved two fingers inside of herself and as she listen to Dave tell Jim that he was ready to cum. As Dave ejaculated into Jim’s mouth, Rose’s hips were bouncing up and down to meet the thrust of her fingers. Rose then heard Dave say, “Fuck me Jim, fuck my asshole.”

Listening to the bedsprings next door, Rose pictured Jim as he slid his cock into Dave’s anal passage. This thought was bringing her closer to her climax, as Dave was telling Jim to go slow until he was all the way in. Rose figured that Jim had accomplished that and was now moving in and out of Dave’s ass, as the springs squeaked quite loudly.

Rose continued to massage her pussy and her clit as the sounds from next door aided in her excitement. Knowing she was about to climax, Rose took a pillow and covered her face, so the guys wouldn’t hear her. Her orgasm roared through her as Jim continued to ream Dave next door and for some reason made her orgasm a lot stronger.

Once she finished, Rose just laid on the bed and heard Jim telling Dave that he was about to shoot his sperm all the way in his ass and the grunting sounds of that climax.

Rose thought that she may have to move her bed to the other side of the room, or she may never have a quiet night sleep. As she had worked hard that day, she did fall asleep pretty quick and woke up refreshed the next morning.

At nine in the morning, Rose finally rolled out of bed. It was Saturday, and there was just two days to get her place in order. After coffee she set to work to make the apartment look as neat as possible.

While working, Rose heard a knock on the door. Answering it, she saw Dave standing there with a small cup in his hand. Smiling at her, he said, “I’m sorry to bother you, but may I borrow some sugar? Seems like Jim forgot to get some last time he went shopping.”

Taking the cup from his hand, Rose invited him in and walked to the kitchen. She could feel his eyes glaring at her ass in her tight shorts. Thinking to herself, Maybe he’s Bi and not just gay? A grin appeared on her face as she put some sugar into the cup. Maybe he’d be willing to hang some picture for me, I’ll ask him.

Back in the living room, she handed him the cup and said, “Would you by any chance be handy in hanging some pictures and things?”

“Well, I’m no carpenter, but I think I may be able to help you out. Let me fix my morning coffee and I’ll be back to help you out.”

“Thanks, that would be nice.”

After Dave left, Rose went into her room and checked herself out in the mirror. When she dressed that morning, she just threw on a pair of cotton shorts and a sleeveless t-shirt, no bra. Not thinking she’d have anyone there, she wanted to feel relaxed. Now that Dave is returning soon, should she change? No, she better not, he may notice and feel bad.

Dave knocked on the door a short time later and he brought Jim with him. Both guys were in shorts and t-shirts and sneakers and each had a small tool belt around their waist.

Rose showed them what pictures she wanted hung and where to hang them and went back to unpacking boxes. As the day drew on, the heat in the apartment was making all of them sweat. 

Rose’s t-shirt was soaked in the back and under the swells of her breasts, and it made her breasts look more prominent, the nipples poking through the material. She looked over at the guys and they were covered in sweat too, so she went to the fridge and opened three beers and brought them into the living room.

“Here ya go guys, take a break,” handing each one a beer.

Dave said, “Looks like you need to invest in an air conditioner,” as his eyes dwelled on her shirt.

Jim said, “I don’t know about that, she looks good all sweaty.”

Rose blushed a little and said, “Okay you two, your as soaked as I am.”

“Yeah, we are, but it looks so much nicer on you than it does on us,” Dave said.

While they drank their beer, both guys decided to remove their shirts before returning back to work. Rose was now looking at two guys that were very nice physical specimens and she was starting to get wet between her legs.

“Now see, you two can walk around without your shirts and no one would say a word. If I was to take my shirt off I’d be called a loose woman.”

The guys looked at one another and at the same time said, “Won’t bother us, if it don’t bother you. This is your place and you can wear what ever you want.”

Looking at both guys, Rose wondered what they would do if she did take her shirt off. Her 36D breasts were hardly covered as it was, so she reached down and drew the t-shirt over her head and looked at both men.

Dave was licking his lips at the sight of her exposed breasts. The nipples were large and the areola’s were dark brown and the size of a silver dollar. Jim’s eye’s were popping out of his head.

Laughing, she said, “Okay guys, lets get to work,” as she turned and went to get things from the rest of the boxes.

As she bent to open a box, she pulled on the tape closure and the top flew open and hit her breast, causing a small cut from the edge of the cardboard on the side of her breast. A small trickle of blood showed as she yelled and grabbed her breast.

Dave and Jim turned to see why she screamed, and saw the blood from between her fingers.

Going to her, Dave said, “What the heck happened?”

Moving her hand, she let him look at the cut. Jim went into the kitchen, spotted a clean towel and ran some hot water over it and brought it to Dave. Dave took a corner of the towel and cleaned off the blood and saw the cut.

The feel of his hand on her breast as he cleaned it was exciting to Rose. His hand was soft and smooth, not rough and her nipple got even harder as he wiped the blood from her.

Joking, he said, “Good thing I’m not a vampire, I’d be sucking the blood from you instead of wiping it off.”

The cut bled a little more and as a joke, Dave lowered his head and his mouth covered the cut and he sucked on it. “HMMMMM, A positive, good year,” he said.

Rose was a little stunned at first, but his lips felt good on her and then she laughed at what he said. The laughter caused her breasts to bounce up and down as she grabbed her tummy and laughed.

Then without a thought, she grabbed both of them and brought their heads back to her breasts.

Both took a nipple into their mouths and they let their tongues swipe over the hardened nipples as she held their heads to her chest.

“God I’m such a slut,” she thought to herself, “But hell I need this too.”

Dave had dropped a hand and placed it on the cotton shorts and he kneaded her butt cheek through the material. Jim had put his hand on her back and was shoving as much of her breast into his mouth as he could get.

Rose had also grabbed their asses and was holding on to them as they suckled on her tits. She felt Dave’s hand slid between the cotton shorts and onto her flesh. His fingers sent goose bumps down her legs as his hand made its way to her anal passage, where his finger played with the opening.

Jim had also wanted to feel her ass, but he didn’t waste any time, he pulled the material down from her body, as Dave also helped in removing her shorts.

Standing between these two, her pants hanging on her thighs, she held these men to her. Jim’s other hand had felt her fleshy thigh and found its way to her wet pussy.

His finger spread her lips and her juices coated his hand as he slid a finger inside of her and he drew in deep inside of her tight tunnel.

Rose’s knees were weakening and she clung to these men just to make sure she didn’t fall to the floor. With her head between both of theirs, she said, "I want to see your cock’s, let me see them.”

Rose backed up a little and ended up sitting on the couch as she watched these men remove their shorts as they kicked off their sneakers. Rose didn’t know which to look at first, Dave or Jim, as her head moved back and forth as their shorts fell from their waists.

Dave’s cock was huge, at least eight inches long and three inches in girth. Jim’s was shorter, maybe a little over six inches. Both heads were pointing at her face and she had to stop for a second to see which she wanted first. Reaching up, she took a cock in each hand and ran it down the shafts, feeling the heated hardness in her palms.

Leaning forward, Rose took Jim’s cock into her mouth and shoved it all the way to her throat. Her hand on Dave’s cock was now pumping him, keeping him hard as she sucked for a few minutes on Jim’s nice cock. 

Looking into Dave’s eyes as she sucked on Jim, Rose’s hand also worked Dave’s scrotum and his shaft. Her mouth was moving up and down Jim’s shaft, tasting his pre cum and loving it. Without hesitation, Rose switched to Dave’s cock and tasted of him as she slid it’s length into her mouth. His mushroomed head was thick and it hit her gag reflex when she sucked it into her throat.

Backing off a little, Rose again tried to get all of him into her and this time it did slide into her throat and she had to breath through her nose or pass out from the fullness.

Pulling back from his cock she said, “Fuck me Dave, shove that hard cock inside of me, please.”

Jim had sat on the couch, next to Rose, but Dave moved her to her hands and knees and he got behind her and let his cock head slide along her pussy. Her juices glistening on his cock as he pulled back and let it slide into her.

Rose felt his cock on her pussy, as she drew her hand back and guided the cock into her love tunnel. Feeling the thick head split her and then enter was great. Rose threw her head back and then looked at Jim, sitting on the couch in front of her.

Moving forward, just a little, Rose managed to get Jim’s stiff cock into her mouth as she bobbed her head up and down the shaft, feeling the head of his dick as it hit the back of her throat. The cock in her pussy was now fully embedded and Dave’s balls were slapping against her.

With both ends full, Rose reveled in the thrill of the moment. Never before had she even thought of taking on two men at once, but here she was, thrusting her ass back onto Dave’s cock and then shoving Jim’s dick in her mouth.

Dave love the feel of her wet pussy on his cock. It had been some time since he was last with a woman. He and Jim have been living together for the last year and he enjoyed his sexual sessions with Jim, but he knew he wasn’t just gay either. He liked women to much to give them up. His cock slid nicely in and out of her dripping pussy and he felt each ripple of her love tunnel as he moved inside of her.

Jim’s hands were holding Rose’s head to his cock. Her tongue and lips felt so nice as she worked his shaft in and out of her mouth. She wanted his cum. She wanted to taste it, to have it flow down her throat and have that warm feeling. She also wanted Dave’s cock to explode inside of her. She was in the throes of a climax herself, when Dave’s sperm filled her pussy.

Both grunted and moaned as the nerves of their bodies tingled with the sexual release. Jim watched them as they climaxed in front of him and he too was ready for release. As Rose worked her mouth on his dick, Jim said, “Suck it Rose, suck my cock.”

His trash talk made her work harder and she brought her hand up and started to masturbate him while she continued to such his cock down her throat. This brought Jim over the edge and he shot loads of cum into Rose’s mouth.

Rose gulped down each shot of sperm as it fired off in her mouth, loving the taste and feeling herself climaxing once again. She almost choked on the last shot of sperm as she was in her own world and loving all of it.

Dave had pulled out from her pussy and his now softening cock just hung between his legs. He knew when Jim blew his load, he had seen that look before.

Rose’s removed her mouth from Jim’s cock and turned to look at Dave. His cock had a sheen from her pussy juice, so she moved and took his soft shaft into her mouth and tasted herself on his dick. Cleaning him with her tongue, she then leaned back on the couch, her back between Jim’s legs.

Dave sat on the couch and then pulled Rose up and sat her between the two of them. All of them had their heads thrown over the back of the couch, breaths coming hard to all of them, but a feeling of bliss over all of them.

Having regained some composure, Rose looked at both men, naked, limp dicks hanging between their legs and said, “After what I listened to last night, I didn’t think you two were into women.”

“These walls are kind of thin aren’t they, Dave said, as he reached across Rose to grab Jim’s cock. It’s not that we don’t like women, as you can tell we do. Just that we have enjoyed each other for the last year or so too.”

Rose watched Dave’s hand as it brought Jim’s cock to life, then said, Mind if I watch?”

Dave smiled at her and leaned past Rose and placed his mouth over Jim’s enlarged cock and began to suck on him.

Rose drew in a deep breath and got excited at the sight of two men engaged in oral sex, right in front of her. Her hand went to her breast and played with the nipple as Dave’s head was bobbing up and down on Jim’s lap.

Dave wanted to do it better, so he slid off the couch and knelt between Jim’s legs and while looking at Rose, he licked Jim’s cock, from the base to the tip and then slowly took him fully into his mouth.

Rose quickly moved her hand down to her wet pussy and began to finger herself as she watched. Being excited was putting it mild when it came to Rose’s feelings. Never had she ever dreamt to ever be involved in something like this, but here it was, right in front of her and she was loving every second of it. As she fucked her pussy with her hand, she continued to watch Dave suck on Jim’s stiff cock.

Dave brought a hand up and started to pump Jim’s shaft, as he licked and sucked on the purple mushroomed head, popping it in and out of his mouth. Dave then leaned in a little further and sucked on one of Jim’s balls and then the other, lifting the scrotum and tonguing the area under the sack, while he pumped the shaft up and down.

Rose watched and she knew that she was close to getting herself off and she wanted to see Jim shoot his sperm into Dave’s mouth, so she said, “I want to see him cum in your mouth, let me watch that.”

Neither spoke, Jim was just sitting there with his head rolling from side to side while Dave sucked him off and Dave’s mouth was to full of cock to say anything. As Dave pumped and sucked, on the delicious pole, his fingers felt the vein on Jim’s shaft tighten and knew he was about to let loose.

Dave backed off Jim’s cock with his mouth and just held the head at his lips so Rose could see for herself. Jim’s cock fired off a jet stream of cum at Dave and Dave let a little of it hit his mouth before he opened it and let it fly in. Two, three, four good loads of cum flew from Jim that Dave sucked down his throat.

“Oh Fuck, I’m cuming too,” Rose screamed.

Her pussy and body throbbed in one of the best orgasm she had ever had, as she still watched Dave and Jim as she climaxed.

Dave liked the idea of her cuming at the same time as Jim. When Jim finished cuming, Dave pulled on Rose’s arm and brought her to the carpet on her hands and knees. Dave got behind her and entered her quickly, his entire length.

Rose felt herself cum again as Dave’s cock filled her pussy. He was moving in and out of her quickly, like he was just about ready to cum. Looking back at him she said, “That’s it, fuck my pussy, fuck it good and hard with that big cock of yours.”

Dave’s balls were slapping against Rose with each thrust he made as he had closed his eyes and started grunting while his cock fucked her pussy. Jim was watching all of this as he regained his breath and saw that his cock was getting hard again.

Reaching down to Rose’s pussy, Jim collected her pussy juices as they dripped from her and he coated his cock with her juice. Then he went behind Dave and used the excess juice to coat his anal passage. Jim placed his cock at Dave’s asshole and slowly entered. 

With Dave fucking Rose as he was, it was hard for Jim to go as slow as he wanted to, so he pushed forward at each chance until his cock was buried deep in Dave’s ass.

Now Jim was fucking Dave while Dave was fucking Rose. The sounds of bodies slapping together filled the room. The grunts, the moans were all they could hear.
