 Damian and Kitty, having jumped into the swing of things, decide to get erotic photography done. Simple and quick story. No MM stuff in this one, so if you're coming from one of my other stories to get away from that you are SAFE. As always, love to hear about your ideas for future stories to write, and constructive criticism.

*****

"Okay, so you're going to stand here, with your foot up, and point your cock right at her ass," he said while trying to adjust my hips.

"Wait, wait, wait, I'm really just not feeling it," I answered, my stretching my leg and relaxing, "or SEEING it, you know?"

Kitty sat back on the chair and smiled, languishing out. The photographer snapped a few pictures of her from his spot on the floor and then moved and took some more from a different angle with both of us in the shot.

"Raphael, maybe it'd be easier for my husband if you showed him what you meant," Kitty joked.

"Oh!" he whooped, "of course. Here, take this," he said, handing me the camera.

Raphael stood up and Kitty resumed her position bent over the chair. He stood behind her and lifted his foot up onto the arm of the chair, holding one hand near her waist and resting the other on his hip. From this angle I could easily see Kitty's pussy spreading open, and I enjoyed as she curled and uncurled her toes as she wiggled her butt a bit. I snapped off a burst of shots by accident and they both laughed and pulled away.

"Okay, NOW I see what you mean," I said while handing the camera back to him.

He went to delete the pictures as he sat on the arm of the chair and Kitty leaned over to see them.

"Oh my god, you can see everything," she said while covering her face.

When she looked back at the camera she flung her hand out to stop him from deleting a picture, "Damian look!"

I moved over and we all looked at the image. It was a little blurry, but the movement and angle gave the perfect illusion that he was fucking her.

"Wow, that is hot," I said casually.

"Yeah, let's do some more like these in a bit," Raphael said, moving away, "I really like juxtaposition of the movement and implied sexual action."

I positioned myself in the new pose and we took some more shots before he went to do another setup for poses and lighting. He was adding filters and adjusting angles of his lighting rig, but I could tell that he had to adjust his bulge a few times when he turned his shoulders away from us. When he was looking at his camera and figuring out lighting, I leaned over to Kitty.

"Would you have a threesome with him?" I whispered while snuggling against her ear.

"Sure, but we have to make sure he is okay with it too," she replied while kissing me on the ear.

"Okay, we'll ask when we get there," I answered.

Raphael took a few more shots from a different angle, and I noticed that he had a sheen of sweat on his brow and his arms. This was probably due to the fact we had the heat on a bit so that our skin wouldn't get goosebumps during the photoshoot. While it was nice for us, it was obviously too warm for him in his clothes. He was ever-professional, but I could also see the bulge going down the leg of his pants had returned.

"Hey, why don't we take a break?" I said as I walked to the kitchen.

"Great, I am all contorted with those angles and controlled breathing!" Kitty laughed.

"Yeah, I agree," Raphael responded, pushing back his hair, "you two hold the poses so well, I forget myself."

I returned with a couple of bottles of water and handed them out, then sat on the sofa. As we were relaxing and talking, Raphael pushed his hair back again and wiped his sweat with a handkerchief. I knew it was the perfect time to make a move.

"Raphael, thank you for letting us run the heat," I said while pointing between Kitty and myself, "you look so uncomfortable though."

"Oh, it is no bother, this is a labor of love," he said while smiling.

Kitty chimed in, "we really don't mind if you undress, you will work your best when you feel more relaxed, I know I do."

A final bead of sweat on his brow ran down his cheek and he took a long drink of water, "you are right, Kitty. I want to do my best."

With that final word, he reached down and peeled off his socks. He stood up and flipped out of his shirt quickly and then unzipped his pants and stepped on his heels to get out of them. When he walked over to his camera bag to put his pile of clothes on top, he paused for a long moment and then pulled down his briefs. When he turned to look at us I saw his cock was flaccid but was hanging loosely, he had definitely been hard.

"You are right, I feel much better!" he said excitedly, "ready to get back to it?"

"Yes!" we answered in unison.

We tried another couple of poses, these ones ramping up in eroticism. I noticed that the more he posed us and dictated where our bodies went, the more photos he took, and the harder his cock grew between his legs. At first he tried to hide it, but when we never seemed to acknowledge it he grew more comfortable. At first he was merely allowing himself to stay hard, walking around with his cock pointed outwards as he spoke normally. Then I noticed in the window reflection or out of the corner of my eye that he would give it a few pumps when he thought we weren't looking at him.

To her credit, Kitty started to make moves of her own. When looking at pictures he was showing us, she would let her nipples brush up against his arm. When we would move around each other to get to a new position, she made sure to move or bend in such a way as to make her ass 'accidentally' bump into his cock. She always pretended like these things hadn't happened, as if it was so natural that there was no reason to mention them.

As Raphael became aware of my wife's actions, I focused my attention on how he too was making it easier for these happy accidents to come about. He took more pauses between photos to show us the camera, moving so that it was closer to me and Kitty would have to squeeze closer to him to see it. When she would need to reposition he would push his hips forward almost imperceptibly and let it linger ever so slightly when his cock bumped against her. I knew things were getting good when a string of precum extended from the tip of his cock to her ass after she lost her balance and he really poked her buttcheek.

Kitty and I both knew he was in for whatever we'd throw at him when he finally made an especially bold maneuver. Kitty and I were standing doggystyle, and he was planning on shooting from the floor. Instead of shooting upwards at us from between my legs, he laid down on the floor and had us step over him so that Kitty's face was pointed directly at his cock. If she moved down just a few inches she would have had it in her mouth. I admit this really helped get me hard for the pictures he was taking, and I did my best to continue chatting lightly like nothing was happening. I could see as his cock twitched, and I figured she must have been breathing on him to make sure he knew exactly where her lips could be, if only he had the courage to ask.

My cock ached at this point, especially from being so close to my wife's pussy but never able to actually penetrate due to the nature of the style of photographs he was going for with us. He had told us in the beginning that once you start having sex things get blurry and messy, so it is better to get done with all of the artistic posed photographs first, and then have sex at the end if desired. Raphael seemed to have lost a bit of his composure, even if he still had his excitement when we all stood up again. Kitty winked while standing behind him.

"Hey, do you think we can try that pose from earlier again?" I asked.

"Oh wow, I completely forgot to take them before moving to the next one," he said while slapping his forehead, "of course, of course."

He positioned us the same way as last time, organizing us together on the chair. I mostly did what he asked, but then would move when he was trying to take pictures, angling how I knew would be wrong.

"Hey, I'm sorry," I said, putting my foot back down, "do you mind showing me how to get it right one more time?"

He jumped up and took my place quickly, this time holding Kitty's hip and putting his legs much closer to her.

"It ah... it will be like this," he paused, his throat sounding dry, "you just have to keep your leg high on one side so that it can show uh... everything."

From my vantage point on the floor I had a front row seat to his cock pointed directly at her pussy. It was a fabulous sight and I held down the shutter button, automatically sending off a cascade of pictures. Kitty bounced backwards at the sudden loud noise and his cock slipped slightly inside of her.

No one moved, the moment teetering on the edge of either going completely wrong or down a rabbit hole that it felt like everyone was desperately hoping it would.

I snapped another picture.

Raphael's motion started slowly, as he grabbed her hips between both of his hands, leaving his leg high on the chair, making sure I could capture everything.

I moved in closer and took a few more before moving to take pictures from different angles. No one spoke, the moment feeling like it would evaporate if anyone said anything. The only sounds in the room were of Kitty's panting, the slap of their skin coming together, and the shutter as I took more pictures.

I tapped his shoulder and pointed at the couch, and he pulled Kitty backwards and down with him. She had the most seductive expression on her face as she spread her legs wide and grabbed his hands, leading them to her breasts. I continued snapping pictures as she lifted herself almost completely off of his cock and then buried it fully inside of herself, slapping down on him noisily with each thrust.

I could see the splotches on his skin and his toes started to curl as he got closer to climax. I dove down close and took a few more pictures before moving around to the top of the couch to get a picture of her hair swishing across her back. Having been in the moment with her, or focusing on another partner, I had never been able to experience this type of viewpoint. It was amazing watching her be my very own pornstar.

Raphael grunted, as if to alert Kitty that he was about to cum, but instead of getting up off of him she pushed her hips downward and reached her hand down between her legs, massaging his balls. They held tight together like that for a long time, Raphael flexing and holding Kitty's hips hard, and Kitty continuing her motions with her hands. As Kitty got up, I didn't miss a beat and kept taking pictures as a huge glob of cum dripped out onto his glistening cock.

She stood up and smiled at me, the cum now running down her leg, and Raphael finally made eye contact with me, unsure if what had just transpired was something that I was fine with after all.

"Oooh... okay, I think I got it now," I laughed.