 My name is Kitty and I'm an 18 year old student with a killer body and an insatiable lust for sex! I live with three older boys, which some people think is weird but I love it - all the attention excites me!

My boys (as I like to call them; their real names are John, James, and Chris) have to put up with a lot living with me because I just love to tease. I always walk to and from the shower in a tiny towel that barely covers my nice round butt and I sunbathe in my skimpy bikini as much as I can. Sometimes topless! 

Even when I have to wear clothes I make sure to wear the tiniest shorts that ride up into my ass and low cut tops to show off plenty of my impressive 34F cleavage. Even so I'd never slept with any of my boys, I just liked to tease them. That is, until the other night...

All four of us were squashed onto the sofa in our living room with a few drinks watching a film. I don't remember what it was exactly but there were plenty of steamy sex scenes and I found myself getting hotter and hotter. I could feel my knickers filling with pussy cream and after sneaking a quick glance downwards I could tell the boys were feeling similarly frustrated. Just then a scene started onscreen featuring a pretty busty redhead (though not as busty as me!) getting roughly bent over a desk by an older man. My eyes were glued to the screen and my knickers were practically dripping as I watched her huge tits bounce and listened to her sexy squeals as he pounded her. Chris exhaled loudly beside me, "Looks like she's enjoying that!" 

John laughed and added slyly, "Looks like our little Kitty is enjoying it too."

It was true, I could feel my face was flushed and my nipples were hard, poking through the thin material of my tshirt - of course I was wearing no bra!

"What do you think Kitty?" Chris asked with a mischievous grin, "Does that look like fun? Bet you'd love to be bent over and fucked like that."

I was a little taken aback. Chris and I flirted all the time but I wasn't expecting the heat behind his words, even though out of all the boys he was the one I teased the worst and thus the one who wanted to bone me the most.

"Sure," I giggled a little drunkenly, "She's one lucky bitch!"

"Her tits aren't anywhere near as big and bouncy as yours though," James observed.

I giggled again and blushed as the other two boys agreed seriously.

"Oh shush," I told them off jokingly.

"No way! You've easily got the best rack I've ever seen!" enthused John, "Much better than that bimbo on TV."

"I just wish we could see Kitty's tits as easily as that camera slut's," joked Chris, and I suddenly became hyperaware of his body pressed against mine on one side and John on my other side. I was feeling flushed and I was buzzing from the drink. I decided to take the tease a little further than I ever had before so I leaned forward to emphasise my impressive cleavage even more and asked flirtatiously, "How bad do you wanna see them?"

James and John looked at me like they couldn't believe what they were hearing but Chris grinned devilishly and said, "So bad I can't even say baby. Nothing compares to those amazing big titties you're always teasing us with."

I giggled, pleased with the compliment, and immediately pulled my top off, exposing my huge bouncing beauties with their perky pink nipples for everyone to see.

"Holy shit!" James exclaimed while Chris laughed delightedly and John shamelessly ogled my chest, declaring, "Those are the biggest goddamn titties I've ever seen!"

I shimmied my shoulders to make my boobs jiggle and the boys all appreciated it. Suddenly Chris reached out and grabbed a handful of my huge breast, kneading it and pinching the nipple as he said, "And they're real too, I always thought jugs this big had to be fake!"

His initiative set a precedent and even before I could exclaim in surprise the other two had their hands all over my exposed breasts, pinching and pulling and rubbing and making me moan in pleasure despite my surprise.

"She likes that," smirked Chris as John's fingers twisted my nipple and made me whimper breathily.

"Is that right? Do you like this baby?" James murmured, leaning down to fasten his mouth over my sensitive pink nub and nibble it until I squealed.

"Yes! Oh god yes! Yes I love it," I babbled as six skilled hands continue to grope my young body.

"You love being felt up by three big men?" taunted Chris as he ran his hands over my enormous tits then down my flat stomach until they reached the waistband of my tiny denim shorts, "You love our hands all over you? Teasing you like you always tease us with your slutty clothes and those giant pornstar knockers of yours."

"Oh yes," I moaned as he began to tease my slit through my shorts, which were practically jammed up inside me already anyway, "I love it. Make me pay for being such a little cocktease!"

The boys all looked at each other for a second then practically leapt on me, yanking my shorts and my tiny thong down my arse and leaving me lying on my back on the sofa completely naked! I had never been so turned on! My tight teen pussy was perfectly shaved and already drooling on the sofa, I was so wet. My enormous tits were red and sore where the boys had pulled and slapped and bitten at them and my nipples were swollen and sensitive but I still desperately wanted someone to suck on them.

"Well well well," grinned Chris, taking a deep inhale of my creamy wet thong before throwing it onto the floor, "So we finally get to fuck the cocktease. I'm gonna use you like the whore I know you really are!"

I moaned encouragingly.

"Hold her," Chris ordered and the other two grabbed my arms to restrain me. It was so hot I couldn't believe it! He dropped his pants and his cock sprang free, long and hard and proud. And pointing right at my gushing pussy!

"You better be nice and tight for me bitch," he growled as he pressed the head against my slippery lips, "This little whore pussy better make me feel good!"

I moaned again, incredibly turned on by the dirty talk and the threat of the other two holding me down. Finally he slid in and I squealed as he split me open, the other two boys cheering him on as his thick cock stretched my little pussy incredibly wide.

"You like that, you stuck up little tease?" He grunted, slamming into me again.

"Yes sir," I whimpered, "Please sir, teach this dirty tease a lesson!"

"I'll teach you a lesson alright," he threatened, pulling out, "Put her on all fours."

I shivered with happy anticipation as John and James manhandled me so I was on all fours with my hands on the arm of the sofa and plenty of room behind me. Then James stood in front of me, cock out and ready, while Chris instructed John to lie under me and forced me down onto his cock with a gasp.

"Man that's tight," John moaned with a couple of experimental thrusts into my young, barely used cunt.

"Fuck her mouth James," Chris instructed, and my lips were suddenly stretched around a long, hot dick. I was so desperate for more cock that I started licking and sucking him eagerly - cock sucking is one of my favourite things to do and I pride myself on how good I am at it!

"Ready to learn a lesson, you tight little whore?" Chris whispered menacingly as he dragged one wet finger over my exposed little arsehole. I wanted to whimper and pull away - I'd never been penetrated anally before! - but James had his hands tangled tightly in my hair and he was fucking my face with abandon, making me gag and drool too much to respond.

I suddenly regretted all the times I'd let my thong poke out from my shorts, all the times I'd bent over in a short skirt, every free flash of my skin I'd ever given to these men about to plunder my virgin arsehole!

But I was also undeniably turned on, and when Chris pushed his finger inside my most private hole I moaned around James's rapidly pistoning cock.

"Aww yeah," John muttered under me as I started to ride him harder, humping myself back onto Chris's hand, desperate to push his fingers deeper inside my hungry arsehole.

"Look at that slut go," observed Chris, feeding two fingers into my slowly stretching anus, "She loves it up the arse!"

"And she sucks cock like a pornstar," groaned James as I stretched out my tongue and lapped at his balls while his cock was still lodged deeply in my throat, a favourite trick of mine.

"I might have a go in her mouth later," grunted Chris dismissively, withdrawing his fingers and leaving me whimpering for more, "For now I'm going to fuck this sweet little hole and teach this dumb bitch a lesson. Have you ever taken a cock up your shithole before babygirl?"

I tried to shake my head no but with between James in my mouth and John still thrusting into my cunt I couldn't manage it. Chris seemed to understand though, because he laughed evilly and spanked my arse hard, making me squeal again around the cock in my throat.

As Chris's slick cock pushed past my tightest entrance it hurt so bad and a few tears fell from my eyes which were already watering from James's mouth pounding. But after the first few thrusts it started to feel amazing - better than I ever imagined it could! - and I was suddenly moaning and drooling even more around the cock in my mouth as I felt my orgasm start to build deep inside.

"Oh yeah baby, that's it," Chris moaned, "Fuck that slutty ass back on my cock, show me how much you want this!"

I had completely lost control of myself. I was riding John and Chris like a wild animal, desperately humping their dicks as my tits bounced and jiggled and saliva dripped down them from my full mouth.

"I want it baby, I want it so bad!" I panted while I could, not able to get enough of the feeling of having three thick hard cocks slamming in and out of my slutty young body.

"Tell me!" snapped Chris, spanking me again and leaving a big red handprint on my arse.

James pulled his cock out of my mouth again and started jerking off right in front of my face.

"I want you to fuck me in the arse! Fuck my little virgin arsehole! Make me sorry!"

Chris dug his fingernails sharply into my hips and sped up his thrusts, John matching him underneath me as James moaned and closed his eyes, aiming his cock at my open mouth. The two dicks roughly double penetrating me as well as the prospect of the one in front of my face going off at any second and coating me in hot, salty come was enough to set off my orgasm and I came so hard I nearly blacked out for a few seconds.

As I came my anal spasms milked Chris's cock dry and after a few more thrusts he collapsed panting over my back. John came almost at the same time, his seed spurting deep inside my hot cunt. A split second later James came with a grunt, spraying my face and hair with his hot semen, rope after rope of it splattering over my soft skin as I basked in the afterglow of my orgasm and the sweet, sticky coating of jizz all over and inside my young, used body.

It was the most intense orgasm of my life and as I lay there happily covered in spunk I knew from now on nothing would ever be the same between my housemates and I. Not now that they'd discovered I was their willing buttslut!