 All characters are 18 years of age or older. This is a work of fiction and any similarity to real live events is purely coincidental. Please—enjoy my fantasy, and as this is my first submission, I'd welcome any feedback.

*****************************************************

My parents are out of town for the weekend and apparently do not trust me to handle the house on my own. They've commissioned our next-door neighbor, the headmaster at my school, to keep an eye on me while they're gone. I don't fucking get it--I'm home alone every afternoon after school, it's not like it's the first time I've been in an empty house. Then again, I guess considering the things that go on in this house in the afternoons, it's no wonder--boy after boy has come to visit, with my parents never knowing. I have my fun, I toy with them. The boys at my school and I are fairly close. We'll say we've learned from each other.

I get home from school and drop my bags in the entryway--something that bugs the hell out of my dad when he's home. ("Put your stuff away in your room, Kitty!" haha, yeah right.) Without even bothering to change out of my school uniform, I flop down on the couch and turn on the TV. I made it abundantly clear at school this week I was expecting to be alone for the weekend, and so therefore am expecting company fairly soon.

The doorbell rings. I smile to myself--I knew it.

At the door stands one of the boys from school, Alex. I let him in and invite him to watch tv with me. We sit comfortably with each other, chatting about stuff from school, making fun of the program we're watching. His arm drapes protectively around my shoulders, and I lay my head snugly on his chest. He tucks a finger under my chin, lifting my face up--I lock eyes with him. Time freezes and I am suddenly acutely aware of how much I want to kiss him.

The doorbell rings.

I blink, and the mood in the room breaks. It's a terribly overcast day outside, and I turn on a lamp near the couch to further dispel the palpable tension. I leave to answer the door--it's Mike, another boy in my class, and Alex's best friend. I smile and invite him in as well. I can feel them both staring at me as I putter around, fluffing pillows and offering drinks, as though if they stare hard enough they'll see through the plaid skirt and white button-down collared shirt of my uniform. Though I'm short, I'm voluptuous—all curves, tits, and ass. And I know they want to do more than just look.

The three of us elect to watch a movie...some action flick with lots of violence and wanton sex scenes all over the place. I turn the lamp back off, leaving us in semi-darkness. I cuddle between the two of them--we are very comfortable together. I end up laying across their laps, my head on a pillow in Alex's lap, and my feet in Mike's lap. We turn the movie up nice and loud to take advantage of the theatrical sound system.

Before I know it, Alex is stroking my hair--subtly, so as not to catch Mike's attention. At the same time, Mike's hands have been slowly moving up my legs, running his fingers softly along my smooth skin. My fingers on one hand, beneath the pillow under my head, rub slowly against Alex's inner-thigh, scratching against his uniform pants--but I'm being careful not to go too far. Meanwhile, the other hand slowly hikes up the hem of my skirt--oh, I know Mike's looking. I'm sure he's noticed the inch or two of skin I'm purposely exposing. I love being such a distraction.

Alex's fingers stroke me behind my ear, massage the nape of my neck. I shift position slightly, and my hand beneath my pillow moves up between Alex's legs. I can feel his growing erection through his pants, and I love that it's because of me. I grope at the zipper--I want to play! I carefully maneuver my hand into his pants and massage his balls gently.

On the other end, my foot has moved to caress Mike's bulging hard on inside his pants as well, and I've moved one leg up so he can definitely see the cute little white thong I chose today. The one with the matching lacy brassiere that I neglected to wear. Oops. Bad Kitty. My nipples are growing hard as they brush against the cotton of my uniform shirt. Such a nice feeling, to be spending quality time with friends.

I suddenly decide I want a snack. "Mike--would you mind grabbing some drinks from the kitchen?" I sit up to pause the movie and Mike goes to the kitchen. Alex seizes the opportunity and kisses me deeply as I knock the pillow to the floor and bring his throbbing erection out of his pants, gripping it and stroking it deftly. He inhales sharply. His hand shoots up my skirt, pushing aside my thong and toying with the folds of skin around my pussy. He fingers me roughly, thrusting two fingers in and out harder once he's found how wet I already am.

I push his hand aside and get on my knees in front of him. His cock is so nice and thick, a nice average length but already rock hard for me. I lick his shaft playfully, running the tip of my tongue up and down the underside. I swirl my tongue around the head of his penis and he groans as I take him into my mouth, one inch at a time--first one inch in...then out. Then two inches in...and out...until I'm taking as much of his cock into my mouth as I can, sucking and licking. Mmmmmmmm...he tastes sooo good, like good cock should...

I hear a clink near my head and open my eyes to see that Mike's back with the drinks. He's set them on the end table next to the couch and is staring slightly open-mouthed at me with his best friend's cock in my mouth. His pants are already undone and he has his stiff cock in his hand, jerking off near my head, watching me and Alex.

Give us a show, Kitty.

He reaches out and begins rubbing my nipples through my shirt.

Forgot your bra today, babe?

I nod and give an extra hard tugging suck at Alex's cock and he chuckles.

Yeah, man, she did.

Mike starts unbuttoning my blouse with one hand. He's having a hard time of it, because his hard on is definitely a huge distraction, and I'm busy sucking on his friend's cock. He gets it only partly unbuttoned but wrests it to the side to fondle my breast--I moan around Alex's cock. This feels incredible. With friends like these--

"What the hell is going on here?"

I spin around, Alex's cock popping from my mouth, shocked to see the Headmaster standing with his hands on his hips. My parents conveniently forgot to mention they had given him an extra key. "Headmaster!! I--umm, we--"

My rumpled clothes damn me. The boys are hurriedly covering up, not sure what to do.

"You should be ashamed of yourself, young lady," he sneers. "You're far too easy, you little whore."

I am speechless. What the hell am I going to tell my parents??

"Yes, I know about your little trysts here in the afternoons, 'alone.' You slut. I'll wager you've never even had a proper orgasm. Stupid girl." He takes on a commanding tone.

"Lie down on that table, Kitty."

I glance at the boys, unsure of myself. They gape at both me and Headmaster, also clueless. I take a deep breath and do as he tells me.

"Gather near, gentlemen. It's time you were formally educated." I hear footfalls in the hallway. My eyes widen as I realize about a dozen other boys are in my house, and have followed our Headmaster here. "I took the liberty of summoning some other pupils of your class who are in need of tutoring. I was certain you wouldn't mind, Kitty, generous as you are."

I gulp, my mouth dry. I obviously have no say in the matter.

"Boys, it is time you understand how to use a woman's body correctly. Sexual acts will be far more pleasurable for you if you convince her that what you want is actually what she wants. Observe." His hand shoots up between my legs, dipping his fingers into the moisture seeping from my hole. "The wetness increases with her pleasure, therefore increasing your pleasure. Have a feel, gentlemen." The boys line up, each sticking his grubby hand up my skirt, wanting to stick his fingers in me. They rub me roughly, and it hurts, even though I am aroused by all the attention as I notice that every boy in the room has his eyes on me...and a stiffening erection.

Headmaster eyes me when they are done. "Did it hurt, Kitty?" I nod, imperceptibly. "Well. We shall fix that." He swiftly tears open my shirt, ripping the remaining buttons off. I whimper--the boys can all see my hard nipples. "Important erogenous zones are here, here, here, and quite obviously, here." He points out That Spot on my neck, my breasts, the space where my legs turn into torso, and my cleanly shaven pussy. "Go ahead, gentlemen--stimulate her."

The boys encircle me. Hands reach out from everywhere, rubbing me, pinching my nipples, groping and fingering. Some get the bright idea to take turns, so others stand off to the side to wait their turns, cock in hand, jerking themselves to hardness while watching. One boy keeps pinching and massaging at one of my nipples while toying with his own cock. Someone else begins kissing my body, licking around one of my nipples and brushing the very tip of his tongue against it. I groan. "Well done," Headmaster says. Someone else is licking the inside of my thigh, slowly dragging his wet tongue closer and closer to my honeypot. Finally he sticks his tongue inside me, tasting my wet pussy. He moves to suck at my clit, and as good as it feels, he sucks too roughly, numbing the sensation. Another boy knocks him over--No, you hafta do it like this--and begins lapping at my pussy, making me writhe in delight. My back arches and my mouth opens, forming an O of pleasure.

A velvety sensation crosses my lips. A boy whose name I don't know is offering me the head of his very erect cock. Make yourself useful, slut. Enjoy it. I greedily take in his penis, overcome by the sheer attention my body is receiving. My hands are each occupied with jerking off two other hard cocks, while my head, turned to the side, is eagerly sucking the nameless boy off. The boy whose face is eagerly nuzzling into my pussy is going to make me cum. There are so many rippling cocks around me, I hardly know where to go next! There is a tightening in my abdomen, and the boy eating me out can tell, so he licks even more eagerly and finally tongues my clitoris. I orgasm so hard, screaming around the cock in my mouth—"MMMHMMMMMHH!!"—that the boy in my mouth cums too, spraying it on my face. I try to get it back in my mouth to drink it up, but another boy's penis is already shoving itself into my mouth in his place. The boy who made me orgasm is grinning, jerking off with one hand and fingering me with the other. I let go of the cock in my mouth long enough to beg, "Fuck me! Please, all of you, anybody, I need cock inside me NOW!"

Our Headmaster chuckles. I finally notice he has been standing to the side, and his bulging erection in his pants is larger than any of the students'. He has a smug look on his face. "Can't stand it, can you, you little slut? Okay, gentlemen, you heard her--fuck her. All of you. Give her more than she can stand."

I am aware of the boy between my legs grunting as he shoves his long, skinny cock into my sopping wet pussy as far as it will go. God, it's so wet! he cries. This is the best pussy I've ever had! Eagerly he pistons back and forth between my legs, cumming quickly not only inside me but all over my stomach as well. He is quickly pushed aside by the boy in line after him. I am also still very occupied with sucking and jerking every available cock I can reach, and licking anything near my mouth as well. This second boy inside me is not as large as the first one, but has a strange curve to the left, and I scream as I orgasm against his thrusts.

Each boy has his turn, some even getting back in line for seconds, if they can manage it. My face, my breasts, my stomach, and my pussy are covered with cum. I do not tire. I want it, I need it, I let them call me dirty things like their whore and their slut and I even tell them how much I want their cocks and to swallow all the cum they can give me. I let them smear their sticky cum all over my nipples, relishing the sensation and cumming myself so many times that I lose count.

All the while, Headmaster stands to the side, observes my shameful behavior. I do not care--he started it, and I love the idea that I have an audience. I see that his pants are still exceedingly tented with an erection he isn't bothering to hide or adjust. I make eye contact with him as I cum and it makes me scream louder, and he smiles quietly, which encourages me that he enjoys my performance. He is silent, save for the small directives he gives the boys to pleasure me correctly.

Finally, they are done. "Class dismissed, gentlemen." The boys troop out of my house, Alex and Mike both sending glances back at me as they leave. Unexpected, I'm sure. We'll talk later, boys.

I remove my shirt and use the clean part that had been underneath me to wipe off my face and belly. Headmaster is watching me. He stands before me and my eyes lock with his. "Did you enjoy that, Kitty?" Silently, I bring one of my cum-covered breasts to my lips and slowly lick the cum up with my little pink tongue, never breaking eye contact. I nod. "I thought as much," he smirks.

He unzips his pants and his enormous cock springs to attention for me. It is longer and thicker than any of the innumerable cocks I have seen, bulbous and throbbing. It looks delicious. Wordlessly I sink to the ground in front of him on my knees and take as much of it into my mouth as I can and I use my hand to cover the rest. I am wearing nothing but my rumpled plaid uniform skirt, my full breasts are still slightly sticky from my ordeal, and my pussy is dripping. I want more.

He entwines my hair in his fingers, fucking my face. "You still want more, don't you? Yes," he says as he pistons his cock in and out of my mouth, "Yes, take it in, you whore, I know how much you need my cock." I suck eagerly, suddenly wanting nothing more than to please him. I am panting, I am horny, but I want to please my Headmaster. I slide a sticky finger between my legs to rub my clit. I love sucking his huge cock and I'm getting close to cumming again.

He pulls out of my mouth and I whine, disappointed. He pushes me to the couch on all fours, and comes behind me. His huge cock rubs against my pussy lips, and I arch my back into him, begging. He chuckles. The huge head of his penis slides wetly into my searing hot pussy, and I cry out in delight. I've never felt so FULL. He gives me a minute to adjust to the girth and then grabs my hips and mechanically, methodically fucks me. They are slow, deliberate thrusts, intended to have me feel every inch of his gigantic cock. I try to press back into it, grind into his hips, but he is in complete control and won't let me change the deep, rhythmic strokes. My nipples brush against the fabric of the couch as he fucks me, and I moan every time he pushes into me.

"Your pussy is exceptionally tight for such a wanton slut, Kitty. You need a good fucking, don't you?"

"Yes Headmaster! Fuck me please harder—please! I need it--I want it--I want your cum all inside me! Please make me cum oh god yes god OH GOD YES FUCK ME FUCK ME MORE YES HARDER GOD IT'S SO BIG!" I feel my legs trembling. Never before has anyone fucked me with such control--the boys thrust with reckless abandon, eager to have their fill, with next to no concern about me. Headmaster keeps thrusting slowly, deliberately, deeply; my nipples brushing obscenely against the couch to his rhythm. And I love it. I am babbling; my eyes roll back and I completely lose control. Orgasm after explosive orgasm rips through me, and still he does not stop, doesn't even seem close to finished with me.

I am in a haze of pleasure when he grabs my hair with one hand at the nape of my neck, pulling my torso up closer to him so he can pinch and roll my nipple with the other hand as he thrusts. I am moaning at the top of my lungs; good thing he IS the neighbor. He slides his hand down from my hair slowly, caressing my other breast and moving beneath my flipped up skirt to my hip before sliding his hand to my sticky cum-covered cunt. As soon as his fingers graze my over-stimulated clitoris, he thrusts deeply into me and holds, and I have yet another screaming orgasm, my pussy pulsing tightly around his huge cock. As it subsides he puts his sticky fingers in my mouth and withdraws his enormous cock from my dripping hole. I desperately want to be filled again and start sucking mindlessly on his fingers, which taste of my delicious pussy.

With a detached look on his face he pushes me down onto the carpet on my back. On his knees between my legs, he teases me once more, positioning his glistening and still hugely hard member at my pussy lips. I groan as he rubs it against my poor abused clit and he sneers. "Slut." He enters me roughly from on top, fucking me deeper than ever before. I can no longer coherently construct sentences, all I know is how much I need him to fuck me and fill me and cum inside me.

I wrap my legs around him and reach underneath my legs to tickle his balls. I massage them and feel them constrict, and finally Headmaster begins thrusting ever slightly faster and harder. I can feel him so deep inside me and I am entirely an animal, sweaty and rutting and craving that huge cock. "Yes, Headmaster, please, CUM IN ME, FILL ME OH GOD OHHHH GOD OHHHHHHHHHHHHH GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD!!" I orgasm violently one last time, stars exploding behind my eyes as he cums inside me, filling my pussy so much that I start to leak. I clench my tight cunt, milking every drop I can out of his cock. He grunts and stands.

I am sprawled shamelessly on the carpet, my skirt up around my belly, my cum-soaked shirt rumpled in the corner, my white thong oddly missing. "We will be conducting more lessons later on, Kitty, if I find you a satisfactory pupil." I nod--anything to have that throbbing cock deep inside me again. "In fact, do be mindful that your parents put you in my charge this weekend."

Exhaustedly I swallow and attempt to answer. "Yes sir. I shall be expecting you to join me again this weekend. Thank you very much, Headmaster."