 The sun was hot as it beamed down on the water. The glints of sunlight dancing on the ripples of the lightly churning water was quite a light show. The gulls screeched overhead as they searched for morsels in the water. The marina slips were about half full with boats of all sizes and models. 

As Jan and I walked up to our small yacht, the "Y Knot," we could hear the grumbling curses of the mechanic coming from inside the cramped engine space. Mike, a young but knowledgeable marine mechanic, was grunting and groaning as he tried to wiggle the heavy starter from between the hull and the big block diesel engine. 

"Ahoy," I said loudly to announce our presence.

Mike lifted his head up to return my greeting. He smiled as if he was glad to have company. He smiled even brighter when he saw Jan stepping beside me. He always became dreamy eyed when he saw her. Mike was twenty four years young. He had jet black hair, deep sea blue eyes and the body of a lean, mean warrior. To top off his handsome, yet rugged face were a set of perfect, white teeth. In fact they were so white that one couldn't help focusing their eyes to his mouth each time he smiled. 

Jan and I are in our early forties. She has fine blonde hair and is in great shape. We both have the normal sags here and there, but all they do is accent the character to our years. We both stay regular at physical activities to keep in shape. That's not why we do it, rather just the lifestyle that we are accustomed to. Jan is tall, in the range of six feet and has a great set of legs that measure in the area of about thirty six inches long. 

After we went inside and prepared the "Knot" for a three day excursion, I went back out to the aft of the boat and offered Mike a cold beer. He declined saying that he wanted to get the new starter installed before he started to relax. So, I walked back to the car and grabbed the remaining bags of groceries and supplies. 

By the time I had done so, Mike was climbing out of the engine hold and cleaning the sporadic smears of oil and grease from his arms and hands. "I'll have that beer now Shane, if the offer still goes."

"You know where the reefer is, help yourself Mike."

When he came out of the cabin, I couldn't help noticing that he had his head turned back toward the front of the boat where the bedrooms were located. In fact, he damn near walked right into the bulkhead of the sun deck door. I chuckled at his infatuation of Jan and stated, " She's Sweeeet isn't she?"

Mike seemed embarrassed by my statement and by being caught looking at her. He simply replied, "You are a lucky Mother Fucker, Shane!"

"Yes, I am little buddy, yes I am. Hey Mike, what are you doing tomorrow and this weekend?"

" Nothing really. I was just going to tinker around with an old Harley I bought for a hundred bucks, why? he replied.

" Well, I was just wondering if you'd be interested in a three day get away with us. We are planning going down and hop around the keys for a couple of days, maybe do some diving and fishing. Interested?"

"Hell yeah!" he said emphatically.

The next morning, we headed out around six a.m. By eleven we were about ten miles out of Daytona and decided to stop and drift a while. Mike was sitting on the sun deck in his cut off jeans and no shirt, just enjoying the smell and sounds of the ocean. I had set the tracking code into the GPS to keep our bearings while we drifted. Jan had just walked onto the bow with a large terry towel wrapped around her. I could see both of them while I stood in the crows nest, the tower where the driving controls were. When I turned to the back of the boat, I could see Mike's nose lift into the air and smell. Jan's soft scent was wafting to the back of the boat, carried by a light ocean breeze. Suddenly, Mikes head lifted up as he began to look for her.

Forward, Jan had dropped the large towel and began to spread it out to lie down on. Typically, she was nude under the towel, as was she this time. I watched her as if seeing her in a three D movie. Her evenly tanned skin was oh so soft. Her breasts swayed as the boat rocked ever so slightly as she straightened the towel. When she bent over, her firm ass cheeks lifted into the air, exposing her delectable crack. I could see her lips pout from between her thighs as she bent down. She then turned toward the rear of the vessel and began to tie her flittering hair back into a small pony tail. When her arms went behind her head to tie the pony tail, her breast stood tall and proudly on her chest. Her nipples were erect from the exposure and the soft breeze blowing over them.

When I turned back toward the rear of the boat, Mike was gone. I knew he was inside the galley, looking forward down the hall to watch Jan through the narrow doorway that led to the bow. I decide to sneak as quietly down the ladder to the stern. When I hit the deck I looked inside the galley, and sure enough, Mike was leaning against the counter, looking at Jan. One hand leaned on the counter, the other poised in front of him. I couldn't see his hand, but I could see the meaty muscle of his triceps moving in a repetitious manner. 

I grinned broadly as I crept into the galley and managed to grab three beers from the fridge without him detecting my presence. Then in a normal tone, I blurted, "Cold one?" Mike jumped like he'd been shot. He spun around as if a lion was preparing to jump him. It wasn't until I thought about it for a second, but I imagine in Mike's eyes and inexperience, I was like a lion to him. I stand about six feet five inches tall, and well built for a man of my years. With my shirt off, my biceps bulge and waistline is trim and compact. My dusty blonde hair is tasseled from the wind and going in all different directions. It probably looked like a mane of a lion. 

Mike began to stutter and stammer. I told him to chill out and not worry about it. I assured him that Jan has this effect on a lot of other people, including me. Her openness and the fact that she is totally comfortable with nudity, has a primal attraction to people. 

"She is beautiful, man!" he said without a hint of embarrassment.

"Come on, lets join her."

Mike was quick on my heels as I walked toward the bow. Jan was lying on her back, legs partially spread and basking in the glorious sunshine. I twisted the top from the cold bottle and when it hissed, I said, "Ahhhh. Nothing like a good day on the water."

Jan raised her head. "Oh, Hi!" not even remotely shocked by her new found company. She grabbed the cold beer, tugged down a big long gulp, then laid her head back down on the small pillow. By now, her body was beginning to glisten with perspiration, which made her even more attractive. After a few more minutes, as I looked into the vast openness and Mike trying to appear not shaken from her nude beauty, Jan propped herself onto her elbows to drink the remaining amber ale. Her breasts hung beautifully against her chest when she sat like this. Perfect orbs of delectable flesh and a key to her hellfire passion. 

Jan sat the empty bottle down, then stood. I thought Mike was going to tremble when she did. She turned, walked to the mast of the bow, then dove head first into the blue clear water. She surfaced about twenty feet in front of the boat. She shouted encouragement for us to join her because the water was so refreshing. I replied that would be in a little later. Mike kept looking at me as if waiting for me to goad him. I just smiled and walked back into the cabin.

In a few minutes, I heard another splash, then laughter. I decided to strip and join them. I ran out of the cabin as fast as I could toward the bow. I leapt over the rail and dove into the water like an arrow shot from a gun. The water felt great as my body knifed through it. I raced to the surface and breathed in fresh air. Mike and Jan were about fifteen feet from me, just treading water and talking. I swam to them. I could see through the water that Mike was still wearing his cut offs. 

I came up behind Mike and winked at Jan. She smiled then dove under as I grabbed Mike under his arms and held him. He began to protest, but by now, Jan had his jeans unbuttoned and half way down his legs. Once I knew he was soon to be naked, I let him go. Jan resurfaced holding his shorts over her head like a trophy, and laughing. She swam to the boat and flung them through the air as they landed with a squishing sound onto the deck. She then dove back under the water and swam back to us. This was her way of getting a good look at Mike.

When she resurfaced again, she was directly in font of me. Her breasts brushed against my chest and then she wrapped her arms around my neck to catch her breath. I was having trouble treading water with her weight and mine. I hollered for Mike to come and help me. He swam to us like a lifeguard on a mission. His enthusiasm was cute. Once he was next to us, I asked him to get behind her and help me hold her up. I didn't really need the help but figured that he wouldn't make an advance unless he was coaxed into it. 

He swam behind her and grabbed her waist. It was almost comical to see him try his best to keep his body away from her. Eventually, he snuggled in to her. All the while, Jan is whispering in my ear as she holds on to me around my neck. "Damn, he's strong" she says. " oooo and big too!" 

I whisper back, "You like him?" She nodded. "Think you can handle him?" Again she nodded, but first letting out a quick burst of "Ha!" "Think you can handle two of us?" She wasn't too quick to respond this time, but when she did, her response came in a long low "Mmmmmm.."

Jan let her grip go from around my neck, squirmed from Mike's grasp and pushed herself away from us. "Race ya!" then she began swimming like a speed boat to the ladder at the back of the boat. I looked at mike, made my eyes get real big, than took of swimming as fast as I could behind her. Mike read my thoughts, and we were now in a race together.

Jan was standing on the dive platform by the time we got to the ladder. I moved so Mike could get out first. Jan grabbed his hand to help him up. As I watched, I could see all eight inches of Mike's cock protruding straight out from his excitement. I climbed up and they both grabbed my hands and practically lifted me out of then water.

When I got onto the sun deck, I grabbed Jan and pulled her into me. Her nude body felt great against me. I kissed her deep long and hard. I told Mike to lie down on the sunning couch. I led Jan to where he was and turned her around to face him. I pushed her back down as I grabbed her hips with my free hand. She bent over and began to lick at Mikes hard cock shaft. My swelling cock was beginning to engorge with its life blood. I knelt down behind Jan and began kissing her firm ass cheeks.

I lifted her right leg and placed it on the couch while the other was on the deck. Now with her legs spread apart, I continued to lick at her opened crack. I grabbed her ass cheeks and spread them far apart. I dove my tongue straight into her puckered asshole. I lapped and swabbed the tight wrinkled bung when she began to moan. 

Her head was bobbing up and down as I could see from my vantage point that she was thoroughly sucking Mike's hard cock now. As I slid further between her legs to suck at her pussy lips, I could see that Jan was using her talented mouth on him even more now. I saw her lips go down the shaft until the last two inches were exposed just above his balls. I licked as I watched. Her lips paused at the last two inches, then slowly she devoured that. Now her lips were resting against his wrinkled nut sac. His big hard cock was in her mouth and throat completely now. I could hear Mike groan as I knew her tongue was dancing all around his shafts underside. 

Jan's pussy lips were literally dripping with excitement. I waited for a clear droplet to dangle on her lips, then suck both lips into my mouth and tongue them firmly. I needed a more accessible way to lick her good, the way she deserved. I scrambled back to my feet and pulled her upright. Mike's big cock made a pop sound as her mouth pulled from it.

From the look in Mike's eyes, and the color of his enormous cock, I hadn't stopped her too soon. Mikes eyes were glazed and distant. His cock was such a dark pink that it had a purple hue to it. The veins on his shaft were almost as big as the thick blue vein that ran its length to the big plum shaped tip. 

I had Jan lie down on the couch now. I kneeled in front of her as one of her legs rested on the couch cushion and one on the deck. Mike needed no more instruction now. He straddled Jan's chest, feeding his cock to her. I began licking and sucking her swollen clit. I would begin at just below the opening of her seeping pussy and lick up. I dipped my hot tongue into her pussy to gather the juices that trickled out before moving my way to her hard clit. I took one hand and placed a finger on the hood of her swollen bud and slide it back. Her sweet clit was now exposed and vulnerable to my dancing tongue. Back and forth and swabbed at it. My first two fingers were now exploring deep inside of her as I lapped furiously at her lust trigger. I began to pump them in and out until I heard and felt the vibrations of her moans through her body. I knew she was cumming. I sucked her hard clit into my mouth and wagged my tongue up and down on it as she peaked. I felt her hot satin walls grasp my two fingers in her quaking moments.

Apparently, her moans sent shivers into Mike as well. While she held his full cock in her mouth and throat as she climaxed, the humming sent him over the edge as well. I heard him start say, "Oh shit, oh GOD, AUGH!!" I knew he was sending stream after stream of his hot spunk deep into her gullet. Her head bobbed about an inch or two as his cock spewed cum into her. A few seconds later, I heard Mike begin to whimper in his afterglow. 

By now, I was standing, watching them. I saw as his limber cock easily slide from Jan's still sucking mouth. In fact when he withdrew the limp member completely, her mouth actually pouted. In a matter of seconds though, Jan was up on her feet. She said, "Now it's YOUR turn!" and almost tossed me onto the couch. 

My cock was at it's full seven inch fullness now. I was in the same position as Jan was on the couch. Semi reclined and one leg on the deck. She spread my one leg out as far as she could leaving my aching balls dangling at the edge. She moved in slowly. I thought for sure that she was going to lick my balls, but she proved me wrong. She grabbed my hard cock in one hand and dove down under my balls and began licking. Her pointed tongue went directly to my semi exposed asshole. She plundered at my bung while she stroked my throbbing cock. It didn't take long and I too, began to groan. She knew the sound of my impending climax and did what I usually do to her. Stop. I raised my head in a silent protest, just long enough to see her dive back down. This time my balls were bathed by her incessant tongue, again as she pumped my hard shaft up and down. She bit at my nut sac and tugged easily but firm. My God, she was fired up!

As she toyed with me by teasing me to the brink then pausing, I saw Mike kneel behind her. He was once again, randy as ever. Gotta love youth! Jan eased up on me with her mouth as Mike slid his enormous cock into her. She actually laid her head down against the inside of my thigh as he slid it in completely. It wasn't from pain or pressure, she was relishing the fullness of his size. In a matter of a minute, Mike was sawing in and out of Jan's hot tight pussy. At one point, I could hear the faint sound of his heavy balls as they slapped against her pussy lips. 

Jan turned her focus back to my rigid cock now. She had me fully in her mouth and throat and was bobbing up and down in a fast pace. I could feel my balls begin to roil with that feeling of anticipation. Her free hand cupped my balls as she slid me in and out of her mouth and gullet. Her tongue was like a serpent washing my shaft constantly as she milked my cock. Then came the moan in her throat.

I heard Mike bellow out as his hips plunged into Jan with such thrust that her breasts bounced wildly. I knew he was shooting another load of hot cum deep in her loins. Her moans reverberated through her throat and into my cock as she came with a shuddering orgasm. I'm not sure if it was the constant thumping of Mikes balls onto her clit and lips or the fullness of his big cock, or the feeling of my cock sliding in and out of her mouth and throat. But right now, I didn't care. My cock twitched with a heavy heave and erupted shot after shot of white sperm into her mouth. I saw trails of the milky white cum as it spilled from the corners of her mouth while I erupted. 

We all three lay in a heap on the deck as the sun drifted into the water and darkness overcame and engulfed us.