 After our holiday in Goa where we had our fist swinging experience, we took off in a couple of months to Thailand for a short break. After a couple of days of shopping in Bangkok we flew down to Samui. I am Raj 40yrs, 5'10", 170 lbs. very overworked and very fit. I take time off from the office to hit the gym or pool at 8 pm everyday. My wife Priya is also very fit 5'4", 115 lbs. with a 34b-25-34 figure. She is a 33 fair and with her highlighted hair and dress sense always makes heads turn. We both look much younger than our age and have been told on occasion. She is quite vivacious whereas I am quite the introvert.

We had booked a private villa near Chaweng, as we wanted to be near the nightlife as well as have our own private space. The villa came with restricted maid and cook service. The maid coming in to clean the villa for a couple of hours while the cook came in at 11 a.m. and again at 5.30 p.m. We were pretty much left to ourselves for the rest of the time. I had rented a Suzuki jeep to get around the island in case we needed to go anywhere. 

We drove into Nathon to stock up for groceries, beer and other essentials. We were just about getting into our vehicle a young Thai man handed us a flyer. As our hands were full with plastic grocery bags we just stuffed it into one of the bags and drove off. 

On reaching the villa we unpacked the groceries and out fell the flyer. It was for visiting massages at your home or hotel, the list included regular Thai, sensual and couple massages among others, a local number was listed for booking the massages. 

"What exactly is a couple massage, I mean does a couple massage you or do we get massaged together," inquired Priya. 

"Well it's like this, we get massaged together by a couple. A male would massage you and a female would do me," I replied. 

"Hmmm interesting don't you think. Would these be nude massages?" she said. 

"Yes," I nodded, "Do you want to try one."

"I'm very tempted," she said. "We are in a totally secluded place and I have no qualms about being nude and massaged by strangers, it's not like we'll ever see them again."

I made the call and spoke to the lady at the other end of the line, somehow I managed to book a couple massage as I struggled to understand her heavily accented English. We negotiated rates 1800 baht each for an hour, 200 baht transportation and an extra 500 baht per additional hour. She gave us physical descriptions of the masseur's available; I gave my preferences opting for young and reasonably attractive candidates (going by the description given by her). I was further informed of a cancellation fee of 500 baht in case we did not approve of our choices. I gave her my address and was promised that we would be enjoying our massages within an hour.

It was close to 1 pm. we sat down and ate a quick lunch after it heating in the microwave. We changed into our swimsuits, I put on a pair of lounging shorts and Priya put on a rather daringly cut string bikini. Grabbing towels and beers we walked towards the lawn to sit on the loungers by the small plunge pool and outdoor Jacuzzi. We had barely finished our beers when the doorbell rang. Walking thru the house I opened the door to find an attractive Thai couple standing there next to a parked moped. They barely looked to be 18, but then Thai's generally look younger. 

"I'm Jim," said the man, "From Delight massage I believe you ordered for couple massage." 

"Ah yes, please come in," I said as I led them thru the living room into the lawn. They were both quite slim, Jim was around 5'5 and Nan who had introduced herself was around 5'3.

"How much time for massage?" inquired Jim? 

"I think we'll take a couple of hours at least, what say you sweetheart," said Priya as she checked Jim out. 

Agreeing with her I went inside the house to get the money and some more beers. I returned to find that Priya had already begun her massage. Jim had stripped down to a pair of shorts and was rubbing Priya's back with oil as she lay on the lounger. He was extremely skinny with not an ounce of fat on his almost hairless body. 

Nan too was ready for me stripped down to a blue bikini. She was quite small busted and with her tiny waist and slim hips she looked waifish.

I handed over the money to Nan. She placed it in a small bag they had brought with them. Everybody took my offer of cold beer and I sat back with Nan on a lounger. 

Stripping off my shorts I lay down on the lounger. "Feel free to start your massage whenever and wherever you want to," I grinned. 

Nan went wide-eyed as she laid her eyes on my dick. 

"So big," she gasped holding her palms apart. She stared at my very thick uncut semi hard 7.5 incher. Jim too turned to have a look and spoke to Nan in Thai, they both grinned.

Nan turned me over and commenced massaging my back and shoulders. She passed complimentary remarks on the muscle tone of my shoulders and upper back. After about 15 minutes of a regular massage she turned me over and rubbed oil into my hairy chest. 

"Can I take your top off?" I asked Nan. She nodded demurely; reaching up I undid her bikini top exposing her small breasts. Her tiny breasts were probably an A cup. She playfully smacked my hand as I rubbed and pinched her small dark nipples. 

"Hey no fair," said Priya as she saw me playing around with Nan. Reaching back she undid her bikini top and guided Jim's hands to her firm breasts motioning him to massage her breasts. He obliged willingly, eagerly rubbing oil into her chest mounds. 

Priya got even more adventurous as she started rubbing Jim's crotch thru the material of his shorts. He now had an obvious erection and his dick made a small tent within the confines of his shorts. Struggling with Jim's shorts Priya finally managed to pull the shorts around his knees and expose his erect cock. 

He stood less than 5 inches fully erect. His penis was rather thin, like a small-circumcised frankfurter. He let Priya play with his dick and made no move to stop her as she milked him and rubbed his dick against her breasts. 

Nan by now had reached my crotch and massaged me to a full erection. She had to use both her hands to caress my cock, as her hand would not close around my thickness. 

"Stop Nan, I'm getting horny," I said as I rose from my lounger and stepped across to Priya and Jim. 

Undoing Priya's bikini bottom I thrust into her shaved pussy with my oil covered cock. Her eyes bulged at my sudden entry and she held onto Jim's dick as I pounded her. I fucked her hard for a good 20 minutes before I pumped my sterile sperm (courtesy my vasectomy) into her orgasming pussy. 

Our respective masseurs had continued massaging our bodies even as we fucked hard in front of them. Jim had continued massaging Priya kneading her breasts and legs while Nan took the opportunity to explore my back and balls.

I rolled off Priya and walked to the outdoor shower to wash my dripping cock. Nan and Jim both accompanied me as I stood under the shower. I let them both wash my dick and balls and felt Jim's hard dick prodding me as he stood next to me in the shower. I grinned and squeezed his erect cock, which was only slightly thicker than my thumb. His dick could be hidden in my palm and nobody would be able to tell. Jim and Nan both pumped my cock a few times and once again I was standing at full attention.

"So Nan, you want to fuck me?" I asked. 

"Very big cock," she said her eyes displaying apprehension "But I'll try". 

I asked Jim for a condom and somehow managed to unroll it over my thick sausage. Both Priya and Jim watched as I licked and played with Nan's pussy to make it wet enough to facilitate my entrance. I smeared my index finger with oil and shoved it within the depth of her vagina. I wanted her well lubed to take my cock.

I rubbed my cock head against her pussy lips and slowly pushed my thick head into her vagina. She wailed as my thickness started penetrated her. Her vagina clamped tight around my cock. She shut her eyes and moaned loudly, thrashing wildly under me, her pussy unused to a penis of this size. Inch by inch I fed my thick cock into her until finally my balls were resting on her butt cheeks. Only then did she open her eyes gazing at me triumphantly, having taken my entire offering into her tight love channel. 

I lay still letting her pussy get used to me and letting her vaginal walls generate juices to facilitate any motion. I fucked Nan gently as Jim massaged my cum filled balls and Priya licked Nan's nipples. She scratched my back and bucked hard against me, her tiny body thrashing under me as she squirmed in the throes of her orgasm. I stopped for a few seconds to let her recover and began pounding her harder. She moaned continuously as I pounded her tiny vaginal opening. I thrust hard until I felt the pressure building in my balls I released my sperm into the condom. 

Withdrawing from Nan's tight love hole I went back under the shower to wash off again.

"Come on Jim, enter me now," commanded Priya, as she led him to her lounger. 

Jim obliged her by rolling on a condom and mounting Priya. His condom cloaked cock slipped easily into the sopping mess I had made earlier in Priya's pussy. He punched away hard and fast determined to make up for his lack of size. 

"It's just not happening, I can barely feel anything," complained Priya, as she motioned for him to stop. Jim withdrew his small cock and looked positively dejected. 

"Why don't you do my butt Jim? Just oil it a bit first," Priya said as she turned over doggie style and offered her virginal arsehole to him. 

We had tried anal sex on more than one occasion but I was just too thick for Priya. She had sobbed with pain when I had just put the tip of my dick into her arsehole. But here she had the right candidate for her rear ended pleasure. Jim pushed an oil-smeared finger into her anal channel and placed his condom-covered cock against her arsehole. He pushed gently, aided by the lubrication of Priya's vaginal juices on his cock. Slowly but surely his erection slid into her virginal arsehole. 

As Jim fucked her rear Nan and I moved over and played with Priya's oiled breasts and unattended clitoris. Jim pounded away hard his cock slipping easily in and out of Priya's butt. Priya looked to be enjoying Jim's anal fuck and did not appear to be in any pain or discomfort. 

After a short while of thrusting his hips hard Jim squealed as his cock convulsed in Priya's anal channel emptying his tiny balls into her. As he withdrew we turned Priya over and I pushed Nan's tiny mouth to Priya's pussy while I played with her clit. Jim latched onto a nipple his covered dick still standing at attention. She couldn't handle so much of stimulation and climaxed very quickly. Nan most efficiently lapped up her vaginal juices.

We walked over to the open air shower to wash off our oily and cum stained bodies. Priya and I washed Jim and Nan in turn. I had no hesitation in soaping Jim's crotch and arsehole. I finger fucked his arsehole with my soapy fingers and jerked and washed his still erect cock while Priya soaped his squirming torso. We did the same to Nan and once again I explored her arsehole with my fingers while Priya shoved a couple of fingers up her pussy. 

Nan and Jim made sure to return the favour as they both took turns exploring my arsehole with their fingers. Jim went a step further as he slathered his tongue all over my cock and balls before finding his way into my arsehole. I went weak kneed as his tongue penetrated my tight butt hole. They then washed me thoroughly and then started on Priya.

After having washed the oil off her body Nan attached her lips to Priya's clit while Jim probed her anus. Both Jim and Nan refused to let up on Priya and continued their oral ministrations until they were rewarded with Priya's love juices flowing out of her orgasming pussy. 

We now turned on the Jacuzzi and squeezed in to relax, Nan sat on my lap while Priya had Jim on hers. We both played with our respective partners. Priya busied herself with Jim's cock, treating it like her personal toy. She stood him at the edge of the Jacuzzi tub and wrapped her lips around his fully erect cock while finger fucking his arsehole. She managed to take his entire length within the confines of her mouth. Priya gestured to Nan to join her in sucking Jim's cock; Nan immediately leaned over and washed Jim's ballsac with her tongue.

"I want to watch you fuck Nan," said Priya releasing Jim's erect cock from her mouth. 

We got out of the Jacuzzi and settling on the loungers watched as Jim ate Nan's nearly hairless pussy. I shoved a finger into her warm wet vagina and finger fucked her as Priya helped Jim slip on a condom. She then guided his erection into Nan's pussy, moving my finger out of the way. Jim's erect cock slipped in quite easily into Nan's overstretched pussy. 

I stood by as Jim bucked hard against Nan. Moving across I proffered my dick to Nan's lips even as Jim rode her vigorously. Opening her mouth wide she barely managed to fit the uncircumcised head into her tiny mouth.

Jim fucked hard making up for his lack of size by the sheer vigour of his movements. His rapid thrusts were further enflamed by my wife's lips and hands on his body. He squealed as Priya stuck a manicured finger into his arsehole, and finger fucked him in rhythm with his strokes with Nan. The double stimulation proved too much for him as he climaxed almost immediately, his softening dick falling from Nan's dripping pussy as he fell back on his haunches now obviously spent. 

Nan moaned in despair as she thrust her hips upwards hoping to find a hard cock for her dripping pussy. Priya pushed Jim aside and latched on hungrily to Nan's hungry pussy, lapping away and licking her little nub. Nan squirmed and rubbed my dick over her torso enjoying the feel of my hard wet sausage against her breasts. 

I asked Jim to join in the fun and as he latched onto Nan's nipple. Grabbing the back of his head I guided my exposed cock head into his wet mouth. He was able to take more of my cock than Nan had been able to. I face fucked him my balls resting on Nan's tiny tit. He gagged and struggled to get away as I thrust harder into his warm mouth. But I held his head tight and kept fucking his mouth, till I felt the cum rising in my balls once again. 

Just as I was about to ejaculate I pulled my cock out of his mouth and sprayed my come over Nan's breasts and Jim's chin.

Jim held my cock and used it to rub my ejaculated fluid onto Nan's torso. Priya was still licking Nan's inflamed nub and now inserted her thumb into Nan's wet pussy. I reached out and twisted Nan's come lubricated nipples as Priya kept feasting on the young Thai girls pussy.

Nan didn't last too long after that. Her young body thrashed against my wife's lips as she reached a satisfying climax.

Finally we lay back spent, our sexual desires sated for now. Priya and I went into the kitchen to get some refreshments. We returned with juice, beer and some cookies. Nan opted for juice and cookies while the rest of us drank beer. 

Refreshments done we walked in together to the master bedroom to shower and clean our bodies of now dried sexual fluids. Priya was taken in first by Nan and Jim and thoroughly washed under the hot flowing water. Jim led her out and helped dry her dripping wet body. Nan beckoned to me and I stepped into the shower letting her clean my body of my dried secretions. My dick started inflating again as she ran her soapy hands over the exposed head. Jim too joined in and wasted no time in attacking my arsehole and butt. My dick became semi hard but I could not achieve a full erection. I was too spent for now to have another sexual session. 

I stepped out from the shower as Jim and Nan washed their naked bodies. I watched as they hungrily ran their hands over each other, not bothering to join them. I was totally sated for now and not eager to participate in more sexual games.

We paid Nan and Jim for the extra hours that they had spent with us and tipped them handsomely. They thanked us profusely stating that this was one of the best afternoon's they had spent, and although some amount sexual activities were included with the massage they really put themselves into it as they had thoroughly enjoyed bedding both Priya and me. Finally we kissed them both goodbye and got our still nude bodies into bed to take some well-deserved rest.