 Taillights glowed red, lighting Jim's face as he watched Mia's legs swing into the passenger seat of Kevin's silver sports car. The taillights glowed white, then red again as Kevin threw the car into gear before disappearing out the gate. Jim felt a hand on his shoulder. "Stay awhile," urged Ted, startling Jim out of his late-night reverie. 

A full moon hung low over the Ted and Erica's place, the Briars, a little pocket estate out on the West End that neither of them could really afford. She had inherited the place as a wedding gift from her parents. It sat back in a corner of woods, and had a long winding drive that took you over a little creek, past the tenant house and up to a circle that took you into the main house. If that weren't privacy enough, the backyard had a high hedge that completely hid the small kidney-shaped pool, a patio, and a garden for outdoor entertaining. The nearest neighbors were a mile away, and they liked their privacy, too.

Parties at the Briars usually ran late, and ended with one or two guests sprawled out to dry on the lawn, in the bathhouse, or with a drunken discussion as to whether the trains were still running, whether they should chance a run to one of the all-night steak places, or whose car could get us down to the beach by sunrise. If the guests were part of a select circle of friends, the night usually ended with a bit of skinny-dipping, lime green slacks and flowered summer dresses crumpled on the grass; tanned bodies enjoying the freedom of cool water flowing over hot skin and well-worked muscles, inhibitions lost, along with car keys and cellphones.

Jim had been watching Mia all night, a flash of beautiful white teeth when she laughed, twinkling brown eyes, short black hair, and dark skin. She had majored in fine arts, and his gaze had lingered on her cleavage and the curve of her thighs as they discussed the Hellenistic frescoes that she had seen on a visit to western Turkey. Mia admired Jim's dapper, offhand style, knowledgeable questions, humorous quips, and, yes, the way his tanned, sinewy arms filled out his neatly pressed white Oxford, khakis, a little frayed at the cuff, and Adidas. She conveniently looked away when they chatted, now and then, to give him time to check out her tits.

Jim's full name was James Henry Codrington Pruitt III. People recognized the name from the little bronze plaques bolted onto the walls of museums and hospitals. He had dropped the Roman numerals when his grandfather died. Now he was just plain Jim. He worked for non-profits and drove an old Honda, when he drove at all. Usually, he just walked. 

Now Jim sat. Ted poured an extra dollop of gin into Jim's soda glass. "Sorry," he offered without conviction as the gin slopped over the wrought iron patio furniture and onto Jim's slacks.

Jim couldn't refuse. Cara was feeling the effects of the evening, and sat musing on a bench in the moonlight, her legs crossed, her head gently swaying to some internal melody. Ted emptied the remains of a bottle of pinot noir into her glass. Jim noticed that his friend was looking over her shoulder, and straight down at her dress. Cara swilled absently, her feet keeping time as Ted admired her ample majesties stretching the cloth of her dress. Jim observed Ted's gaze and made no mistake about the way the fabric of Ted's shorts strained at his crotch. He felt a certain elation, not sure where the night was going, but quite certain that he wanted to find out. 

Earlier that day, as he zipped Cara's dress up, he had mentioned the way Ted and Erica's parties could get. "Of course," she smiled over her shoulder. "Ted and I talked it over the other night at the Wooden Knickel. It's settled. We're all going to have a foursome."

"Really?" Jim flushed.

"No, not really. Cara laughed silently, pulled her chin in, smiled impishly, and stuck out her tongue. "But I know what you mean. I think Ted would like to do more than see me swimming around his pool naked." Jim kissed her behind the ear. Cara Andrews, from upstate. Worked her way through college on a scholarship. Sharp as a whip. Beautiful, long brown hair, full tits, wide hips, and a narrow waist. Uninhibited. The scary smart girl from school. She tittered modestly in acknowledgement, wiggled her hips, and put on her lipstick. "And Erica? You never know." 

"I think she likes women."

"Good for me." She smacked her lips one last time and showed off her sleeveless dress to Jim. It fit tightly around her waist and hips, with a plunging neckline that barely covered her boobs, packing them into a narrow vee that pushed her cleavage up into two fresh mounds. Jim had never heard her speak this openly before. "Let's just see how things go."

Now Jim considered Cara, his love, as she and Ted sat quietly on a bench. Ted was saying something in that soothing, persuasive tone of his, that Jim couldn't make out. Cara leaned away from Ted, her clasped hands between her legs, turned toward him, and nodded, checking out the way his polo shirt opened at his chest. The corners of her mouth turned up into a grin. Moonlight glinted on her eyes, half hidden under her bangs. Compared to Erica's taught, boy like form, Cara was all woman. Jim knew that Ted liked big boobs. Jim wondered what had happened to Erica, whether she had gone to bed, and whether he should check in on her. He thought of her plump little cupcakes that stood up when she talked about postmodernism or the latest trends in- Just then Ted stood up. "Time to go skinny dipping," he announced.

With that, Ted pulled off his shirt, dropped his slacks, his cock tumbling out under a garland of blond pubic hair. He dove into the deep end. Cara giggled, tugged at her dress, and let it drop, to reveal her bone white bra and panties. She reached behind her back, twisted, and lifted: her tits bounced and blinked. Jim admired her pale skin in the moonlight as her boobs floated over her tight waistline and shimmering ass. His cock tugged at his pants like a young colt as she stepped—swayed—seductively toward the steps that ran across the shallow end, her boobs staring out in the pale light like big expressionless eyes. Ted looked on, splashing. "I'm cold," she whimpered.

Jim undid his pants and dove into the pool, wearing only a cowrie shell necklace. The water felt good against his skin, running up past his semihard cock, up his ass, filling every crevasse, over his pecks. Suspended in an underwater world, he floated free, primal, the water keeping him up in his own grey world. Jim stretched out, suspended, then turned sharply and swam for a light, breaking surface as the water deliciously filled every pore.

Ted and Cara sat on the steps, talking. Jim couldn't hear what he said, but Cara looked up, nodding. Her big breasts stared back at him. "I'm cold," Cara whimpered. She stood up, arching her back, stepped down gingerly into the water. Her areolae, seemed to darken as her nipples stood up, jiggling slightly. Chestnut brown hair and a dark triangle of pubic hair stood out against ivory skin. Jim, longing to feel his cock sliding inside her tight, welcoming folds, felt a fluttering feeling as he watched Ted's lust manifest itself in his appraising gaze, as a hand held her arm to steady her. Her tits perked up, the nipples rising as she sank down into the water and pushed off. "It's cold," she protested.

Jim kicked up water, dove, and swam around on his back, his semi-erect penis like a periscope as he swam around the deep end. He could make out Cara's form as she swam around in the gloom of the underwater pool lights down by the shallow end. "Swim around a bit," he encouraged. "It will warm you up."

Ted rested on the steps. Edward Otterbein, from Bismarck, North Dakota. Contractor's son. Self-made. At six one, he was a little taller than Jim. Like Jim, he was athletic. Ted could beat Jim hands down at tennis, but Jim was the better all-around athlete. Both were burly and beefy, but where Jim was dark, with brown hair and a manly chest, Ted was light, with thick blond hair, that included a mat of mustard-colored fur on his chest. His cock was smaller than Jim's, and more slender, but still substantial and growing rapidly as Cara swam over to him, her ass and the perfect smooth skin of her legs gliding through the water. They talked again while Jim set against a water jet, massaging his lower back, a light heady feeling of freshly mown grass and warm summer wind settled on him. Ted said something and Cara laughed, splashing water at him with her legs as she swam away. 

"This water is too cold." Cara climbed out and walked over to the table where their drinks sat. Jim knew that tone of voice. Cara was anything but cold. She picked up her wine glass and drank.

Ted got out, dripping water, and walked over to Cara. Jim walked to the house, and popped his head into the living room. Erica lay sprawled out on the sofa, her dirty blond hair, close-cropped, lay mussed and matted. Her legs dangled over the edge, and her dress half off, revealed a red bra. Jim picked her legs onto the sofa, pulled her dress back up around her, and brushed her hair down. She licked her lips and breathed heavily and opened her eyes for a moment. "Good night, Jim. So glad you guys came tonight. Please stay in the guest room—or wherever. She grinned, pulled herself up on her elbows, and planted a lingering, wet kiss on Jim's lips. "You're such good friends, she said. "Stay the night. You're always welcome here. Always." She stuck her finger out. It floated crazily in the air as she traced a line along his brow.

Jim wandered back outside, not really sure which direction the night would take, somehow hopeful, and somewhat anxious, his insides fluttering. He looked around the patio, toward the pool. Ted and Cara were nowhere to be found. Were they fucking? The word startled him as it formed in his mind. They're fucking. Cara is enjoying it. Ted's cock is sliding into my girlfriend's wet, warm—Jim's thoughts startled him. They made him anxious. Then they excited him. Where could they be? Jim wandered over to the bathhouse, He looked inside, but it was empty. Then he heard laughter behind him, and there they were, still naked.

"Where were you two?" he asked.

"Cara had to use the bathroom, and I was closing up." Ted explained. Jim felt disappointed. This thought surprised him, but he let the thought flow, caught up in the current. His cock grew.

Where's Erica?" Ted asked. 

"She's out." 

"She was glad to see you tonight."

Jim's mouth was dry. "I was glad to see her, too," he croaked. Jim remembered Erica sitting next to him, her hands running over his thigh as she told him about their planned trip to Argentina.

"Yeah, too bad, but she was pretty tired after today." 

Jim could see that Ted's cock had gone limp. The two men walked over to where Cara sat, sipping at her wine. She bit her lip and looked at Ted. "I'm cold," she whimpered. 

"Do you want to go to sleep?" asked Ted.

"Of course not. I want to hang out some more." Cara sat down on a chair sipping wine, her legs crossed. She picked up an olive from a tray and nibbled at it, red lips and white teeth against pale brown.

"You're not very hard," whispered Jim.

"I'm hard."

Ted looked back at the kitchen door, then he turned to Cara. She stared off into the distance, nibbling the olive, legs crossed. Ted gazed for a long moment, then began to breath heavily. "You have the most beautiful breasts." He crooned. He admired Cara's full tits, like ripe figs, firm, but with just a bit of a sag in the middle before swelling to fullness and firmness. Jim thought of Erica's small, tight body, almost hard and boylike and imagined again how Ted must admire the full, feminine curves that now sat on display before him. His head swam as he felt Ted's gaze reach out and take ownership of the moment. 

He poured more wine into Cara's glass. "Can I touch them?" He looked over at Jim, acknowledging his friend's presence for the first time in so many minutes. Jim looked at Cara. Cara looked at Jim. Jim paused. They were both under Ted's command now. Time moved slowly.

"Why not?" Jim's head swam. His voice began to fail him. He swallowed. "It's your house."

Ted reached out to caress Cara's right breast, his fingers touching the soft skin so that it seemed to pucker up to him. His hand rubbed over it, hefting its weight as it gave way to his touch. Cara looked him in the eye as Ted caressed her nipple between his middle and index finger. His cock stood at full erection as Cara arched her back and pointed her toes. "Can I suck them?" he asked in a quiet voice.

"Of course," Jim answered, as if in a trance.

Cara put her head back and closed her eyes. Her legs relaxed and fell open so that Ted moved in closer. Jim watched the tension drain out of Cara's thighs. Her toes drooped. Ted sucked Cara's right tit as his hand gently caressed her left one. Cara moaned softly. Teds lips worked at her, his tongue swirling around her fullness, his tongue and lips making circles around her boobs. Jim watched as his jaw worked gently, nibbling at her nipple, finding her moist flesh. Her legs opened wider as Ted's cock grew fuller, curving upward and throbbing just inches from her swollen labia peaking out from between her thighs, juices glistening in the pale moonlight.

Jim's breath grew short. His abdomen fluttered, and he became acutely conscious of the space between his ass and his cock, as if an unseen hand probed him, electricity bubbling up his spine, an invisible finger tickling his nerves to the beat of a mamba. His shoulders felt vulnerable, and he felt his nipples stiffen, as though Ted's desire probed his own consciousness, the way Ted's tongue probed Cara's boobs.

Jim's girlfriend had a beautiful long neck. Now the veins stood out against it, as Ted ran his tongue up one side, tracing her jaw line as his erect cock lingered just inches before her spread legs. Cara gasped. Jim knew how much she loved it when he kissed her neck. Now Ted had found the spot behind her ears! How did he know? Or did he know? Cara melted at last and reached up to hold the back of Ted's head, drawing him to her. Their lips met. Cara opened up, taking Ted in a long French kiss. Ted's hands ran over her narrow waist, one hand caressing her belly as the other reached around, caressing the small of her back as her legs spread wider. Jim watched from behind as Ted's ass flexed. He must be fucking her, Jim thought. He must be inside. My best friend is fucking my girlfriend. Jim's breath faltered, he felt weak as he mouthed the words without speaking them, his lips moving as he learned to breathe in this new element. Jim felt Ted's cock in her, pushing up in him, filling him, devouring them both. 

Jim was mistaken. Ted pulled away from Cara, stood up and turned around. He pointed at Jim's erect cock. "Your man needs some attention," he commanded. 

Cara moved sleepily, entranced by the attention of her two favorite men, four strong legs, four strong arms, two broad chests, and two long cocks. She stepped over to Jim, bent over, and, the way she had done with Ted, took his head in her hands and embraced. Jim accepted her into his mouth, feeling her tongue fill him, her nipples brushing his chest. Cara worked her way down Jim's neck, kissing, nipping, playing with his chest hair. She sucked his nipples, swirling them in his mouth. Her hand stroked his cock, bringing it up to its fullness. She raked a fingernail across his tip, taking a dabble of precum on her finger. Tasting it, Cara looked Jim in the eyes. 

"Do you want this?" he whispered. Cara's eyes glinted, as though she smelled blood in the water. She nodded slowly, smiled certainly, as her jaws set and her shoulders squared.

She went down on Jim as Ted watched. Cara knew just what Jim liked, running her lips up and down his shaft, her tongue stroking the underside as her lips and saliva lubricated his shaft. 

Ted stepped forward. He stood behind Cara laying his hand on her ass. "It's now going further than it ever has before," he said. With that, he put his hand on her haunches. Then he plunged his cock into her swelling vagina. 

Cara's hips sagged, stricken. Ted pushed his way in, past her slick lips and through her hot folds that welcomed him. Cara wiggled up to him, her ass arching up to him, taking him deeply as she continued to suck on Jim's cock. She was his lover now. Jim felt Ted's thrusts as Cara's tongue swirled on his shaft. Ted pushed, harder and harder, pleasing himself as his skin skidded against hers, Cara moving her hips, pleasing herself on Ted's shaft as he moved inside her. Cara began to sweat, her shoulders hunched, the long muscles in her thighs flexed, her pants turned to moans, her moans to a muffled scream as she shuddered under her first orgasm. She gurgled on Jim's cock, veins standing out on her neck, pulling her mouth away. "God, that feels great!"

Ted continued to pound on Cara, her ass rippling under each thrust, her tits swinging back and forth. Reaching under her hips, he lifted her off the ground as she sucked on Jim's rod. Ted fucked her that way, her feet dangling several inches off the cool flagstones as Cara forgot about Jim's cock, holding on to his hips to steady herself.

Ted put Cara down, bent over her, found the nub of her clitoris with his finger, pressing and circling, her juices covering his hand, as they splashed onto the patio, teasing out her second orgasm in a string of stifled pants. Slathered in her juices, he ran his hands up over her tight belly, caressing her tits. He kissed her neck, bit her ear, and nuzzled the spot behind it. Cara groaned. Ted pulled his dick all the way out, then all the way in, then out then in again. Jim could see it, slick in the moonlight, as Ted, his cock engorged in her soaked pussy, ran his hands along Cara's ass, Cara's tits. His ass, his tits. Bodies slick in the moonlight, heavy breathing. Cara's wet hair hung down over her face, mouth open, panting. Oh God, yes Ted, yes, fuck me that way. Yes, fuck me, yes, fuck yes. Yes!

Ted leaned and whispered in Cara's ear, his voice hoarse, his words deliberate. 

"Are ... you ... on ... the pill?"

Cara shook her head, panting, her wet hair swaying. Ted stood back up, stuck his chest out, and withdrew. Holding his erect cock like a fishing rod, lines of white cum traced out and over his woman as she showered Jim's face with kisses. Two more streams blew forth, tangling within themselves, settling in the line her spine made and splattering on and into her ass. Ted's sperm. On Cara's back. Satisfied, he carefully rubbed the cum into her skin as her knees swayed.

Cara crumpled into a heap of legs and tits next to Jim. Ted walked over to Jim, and squatting down, to everyone's surprise but his own, took Jim's cock into his mouth. Ted expertly stimulated Jim, swirling his tongue around Jim's rod, bringing hot cum rushing up in him. A tongue running up and down his shaft had never felt so good, Jim thought. Jim instinctively tried to push Ted away as warning that he was about to cum, but Jim reached around Jim's ass and pulled his head onto Jim as his thumb probed Jim's hole. Jim exploded into Ted's mouth as Ted continued to suck, taking all of Jim's hot cum, swallowing.

Jim and Cara woke later that morning to the smell of fresh coffee, bacon, and eggs. They were sleeping, alone, in the guest room, white walls and windows without curtains open to the world, small black and white photos of Ted and Erica on a beach somewhere. The door was closed and there was a big skylight showing blue above. Cara slipped into her dress. Jim pulled on his pants and rolled up the cuffs. He still had his necklace on. He tried the door, and found to his surprise that it was unlocked. Together, they floated wordlessly down the stairs to the kitchen where they found Erica wearing an old pair of overalls with no shirt and no bra on underneath. Jim noticed how muscular, sunburned, and freckled her arms had become since they had moved into the place. Erica smiled fondly at Jim. She gave Cara that long steady look a high diver gives a pool of water.
