 I hadn't known Koko that long, but that's the glory of a university

town: plenty of new faces all the time, and lots of them hard up for money, and with the spare time to earn some. And I'm not talking about sex, pervs. Well, at least not PAID sex. But we'll get to that later.

As I was saying, Koko had moved in up the street from me earlier that summer with a number of other girls, about 4 of them. I didn't pay much attention, since college students come and go pretty fast around here. I didn't even know her name until that night. I knew what she looked like, of course. She and her friends enjoyed sunbathing on the front lawn of their house, or cooling off in the kind of pool my kid loves, the little inflatable ones. Of course, I doubt my kid would cause the sort of traffic slowdown Koko and her friends did, laying in bikinis, splashing, untieing and retieing. Quiet a show for a dirty old man like me.

I'll admit I always came home and whisked my wife upstairs for a quick, good fuck after seeing those girls out. She knew it too. She'd whisper in my ear about what a dirty old man I was, fucking her shaved pussy while thinking about the pussies in the thin bikinis up the street.

So that evening, the wife and I were thinking about going out without the little one. Doesn't happen often. Nothing major, dinner and a movie, maybe just dinner. Our regular babysitter was out of town, which was a shame since most of the time our regular babysitter makes sure our trips end happily, if nothing else. Ah well, can't have everything in this life, or at least that's what I thought as I booted up the computer and pulled up a babysitting site. I had a verified login, so it showed where the people willing to babysit were located. On a whim, I set the search to 2 block radius, not really wanting to drive an get someone, or wait that long for someone to come over. In the past, this had yielded nothing, and I figured the same would happen, unless perhaps one of the neighbors' kids had come of age to start sitting. 

I was understandably surprised when a name popped up just up the street from my house. "Koko's babysitting: Affordable, all-needs-covered babysitting!" Her number followed, with a request to text the date and time desired rather than call, though calling was acceptable. I sent her a text and set about getting dressed for going out. I watched my wife slip out of her rather severe work clothes and slip into something more comfortable for our evening out. Her black bikini-cut panties looked delicious, and she smiled mischievously as she pulled on a black, mesh nightie with holes cut in the chest, exposing her pink nipples. Over that she donned a tight, dark blue dress, one that I knew would show her nipples clearly if she was aroused. It accented her pale skin and red hair perfectly, matching her eyes as well. 

I wore black boxer-briefs, and pulled a pair of nice slacks and a button down shirt over it. I'm a rancher, so I never really get out of that pattern of clothing. I know, a rancher that lives in town? Well, I have a house on the ranch, but I'll tell you more about that later. Back to the clothes: Tonight was no exception. I slid my nice black boots on, adjusted my Texas Rangers (not the baseball team, the police force) belt buckle, and put on my black cowboy hat, then threw a vest on. 

I looked at my wife in the mirror. We made quite an interesting couple: She was tall, slender, and pale. I was short, stocky (not fat, just muscular), and dark, being Greek. I got distracted as I watched her dress shift just a little and her nipples started firming under the dress. I nearly jumped when the phone buzzed in my pocket. "At your service! What address?" 

I quickly texted my address back and decided to leave off any comment about how close we were. Figured if she was running her own babysitting 'all-needs-met' service she'd figure it out. I was right too! Moments later she texted back, "Right down the street from me! The house with the big pickup, right?" 

I grinned and texted back, 'Yup, that's the one.' A moment later she texted back, "Be right there! - Koko." And it was at that moment that I realized that this was one of the girls that I watched sunbathing, bouncing, and generally being sexy as hell young co-eds. I swallowed, checked my pants and tried to adjust the bulge so as not to be visible. 

About five minutes later the doorbell buzzed and I hurried downstairs to open the door. The pattern was for me to do the general introductions, show the phone numbers, and then my wife would do the rest. I opened it, and looked Koko up and down. Yup, I recognized her. Little taller than me, black hair nice and curly. A quick glance down showed a familiar World of Warfare shirt, "Rogues do it from behind!" proudly spelled out on her large tits. I smiled a little and my eyes moved down to her legs. She was wearing a black skirt which hung past her knees. Of course, skirts always provoke me, even when they're perfectly appropriate. Her outfit was completed with flat sandals.

I extended my hand in as non-creeper a way as I could. "Derrick, though friends call me Dirk. Kids call me Mr. Wilde." I pronounced it accurately, more like 'vil-da.' Despite being a hair taller than me, she somehow managed to look up at me through her long, sexy eyelashes. "Pleased to meet you Mr. Wilde, my name's Koko." Her voice was soft, but somehow sensuous. I indicated she could come in more on automatic reflex than anything. Luckily, my wife was finished dressing early and came and rescued me before I could say or do something dumb. Was it my imagination, or did Koko's eyes widen slightly as she took in my wife? 

I grinned as my wife took her by the arm, tucking her own arm firmly next to Koko's boobs. Very nice. I went out to the truck, got it started, and my wife joined me in a few minutes. "Mmm, if she's like the usual babysitter and really can take care of all my needs, I think we'll have a new babysitter." said my wife as she slid in, a wicked grin on her face. I laughed. "Yes, very much so. Though I doubt we'll find out tonight."

----------

Sometime later, after dinner, dessert, and some after dessert drinks my wife and I returned. We'd stopped a few times on the way back to kiss and pet, so my clothes were a little discheveled and my wife's hair was starting to escape the pony tail she had it in. Even more revealing, her nipples were sticking straight out, making it clear that there was just a thin layer of satin between a finger and her sensitive nipples.

It being our house and all, rather than knock or ring the doorbell we simply tried the doorknob, then used the key, since Koko had locked the door as per our instructions. We looked at each, and my wife raised an eyebrow. I grinned and nodded: we'd go in quiet, see what the babysitter was up to. 

Despite being a little tipsy, we managed to move through our house quietly, thankfully we have no flowerpots or anything else breakable between the front door and the family room, which is where it turns out Koko was. The rooms visible from the street were lit up, a good precaution, but the rest of the house was dark. We live in a long, low house, many rooms after the main entry. We could tell where Koko was from the blue glow of the TV screen being on. 

As we turned the final wall, we grinned at each other. Koko had found our 'hidden' collection of home videos and was watching one of us and the usual babysitter, a poor replacement for Koko. Luckily, all you could see of her were occasional shots of her nipples, lips, and pussy since she'd shot this one. At the moment, she was on her knees, begging for me to fuck her face while in the background my wife played with herself with a long, thick dildo. 

Koko's face and body were illuminated in the dark room, and her mouth was open, her chest rising and falling rapidly. She'd hiked up her skirt and taken off her panties, which I could see in the middle of the floor. Her fingers were under her skirt, very narrowly avoiding revealing her sex to me just yet as she played with herself. 

I nodded my head at my wife, and she grinned wickedly. She went back to the front door and I counted to 20. This was how we'd discovered the old babysitter liked watching us and had discussed how to catch a new one, if we needed to. She opened the door noisily as if we were just coming home. Koko's face flicked to panic for a second and she quickly paused the video and hurriedly kicked her panties under the couch, attempting to straighten her clothes and hurry to the front door. In fact, she was so busy that she bumped right into me as I stood and watched.

"Good to see that our home videos are appealing to more than just us." I smiled wickedly at Koko as her mouth made an 'O' of surprise. Her mouth looked quite inviting, and I resolved to make sure it got used properly before much of the evening had passed. "Mixing pleasure with your business? Or was it all pleasure?" Koko tried to stammer out a response, still flushed and breathing hard from arousing herself. I ignored her attempt at a defense and called out, "Honey, you better come here, I think the babysitter has something she'd like to tell you!" 

As my wife came towards us, Koko finally got a coherent sentence out, "What are you going to do? Please don't call the cops. I promise I wasn't stalking." I chuckled. Of course we wouldn't call the cops, she hadn't done something illegal, just...dirty. And I like dirty. I suggested, in a kindly tone, "Maybe you should get on your knees and see if you can convince my wife and I that we shouldn't. After all, if you're begging for a favor, I think it just looks better if you're on your knees."

For a second, recognition flickered through Koko's eyes, but it mixed with the panic and the arousal and didn't seem to matter, she sunk to her knees, letting me see straight down her shirt to her delicious tits, and whispered huskily, "Like this?"

I nodded as my wife came in. Her nipples were clearly visible through the tight fabric of her dress. I watched Koko's eyes look her up and down, her pupils dilating slightly as she realized that she wasn't the only one aroused. When I spoke, she started, like she had been day dreaming for a minute. "So, Koko, do you have something you'd like to tell us?"

She nodded slowly, as if gathering courage. When she spoke, it was low, her face tilting forward, letting her long black hair fall in front to cover it. She mumbled something about sex and joining us. I reached down and tilted her head up with gentle but insistent force. "Now Koko, we want to hear you when you talk." 

She flushed, obviously embarrassed, but it had the desired effect. "I watched your guys's video and, well, I was wondering if I could eat you out, Ms., and suck your cock, Sir." I grinned and stroked her hair. "See, that's not so hard, is it? You can eat her out. Sucking my cock? Well, we'll see, I have some other uses for it first." She frowned a little, disappointed.

However, that frown disappeared as my wife slowly hiked up her dress and sat down on the kitchen counter, spreading her legs. Her pale skin led to her black panties, and she nodded to Koko. Koko slowly came over, then started kissing my wife's legs, starting at the knees and working up the inner thighs. She sniffed my wife's panties, smiling in bliss as my wife stroked her hair.

Meanwhile, I had moved behind Koko, taking advice from her "Rogues do it from behind" shirt. I shifted her skirt up higher still, revealing her still dislodged panties from her earlier enjoyment of the movie. I could see her wetness glistening, almost begging for a few fingers or my thick cock. She didn't seem to mind, distracted by my wife's fingers slowly pulling down her black panties, exposing more and more white skin, letting Koko know that she was shaved completly. 

I watched Koko's tongue flick out, gently licking around my wife's slit, and I let my fingers trace around Koko's slit in the same motions, eliciting an approving groan from Koko as my wife did the same for her. Koko got a bit more adventurous and slid a hand up my wife's leg, slipping the tip of her index finger into my wife's pussy as her lips got closer to her clit. I slapped her ass, hard enough to sting and raise a nice handprint, then slid my hand down, inserting my finger in her as well. The thumb of that same hand began to trace a broad figure eight, growing ever closer to Koko's clit. Meanwhile, my other hand moved forward and under her shirt, cupping her big breasts in my hand, feeling the silky bra Koko had on. 

I spoke, and there was no trace of question in my voice. "Koko, take off your bra, and don't stop what you're doing with my wife." There was a small whine, and I squeezed her breast harder, then her other hand was under her shirt too, trying to undo her bra. I helped a bit by stabilizing it for her hand, then helped her slide it down, out from under her shirt, and went back to playing with her breasts, first squeezing, then playing with her nipples, making her moan and pant into my wife's pussy as she tried to latch her mouth onto my wife's clit. 

Meanwhile, my wife had slipped the top of her dress off and was playing with her nipples as she looked down at Koko, who was looking back with something approaching awe. "Tell me how much you like my pussy, slut. How much you want to taste my cum." In between licks and sucks, Koko muttered, "Mmm, I want your cum in my mouth. I love the way your pussy tastes, let me be your slut."

Since the girls' were content, I took a moment to slip my pants off and pull out my cock. "I hope you don't want to just be her slut, Koko." She looked back for a moment, a smile forming on her wet face as she looked at my cock. "No sir, I want to be your cock slut as well. Stuff my pussy with it, please!" I didn't want to disappoint the girl, so I did as she suggested, making little circle motions in her pussy to get my 8 inch cock wet, then thrusting in slowly, one hand pulling on her hair, the other continuing to play more and more roughly with her nipples.

She moaned and squirmed, but continued to lap at my wife's pussy and thrust back against my cock. Lucky us, having such a plucky baby sitter. "You love being a little slut, don't you Koko? I'll bet you've wanted to be someone's slut for awhile." As I slid my whole length in her, I pinched her nipple hard, causing a grunt of discomfort followed by pleasure. Her voice sounded almost tormented, "Yes sir, I want to be both of your sluts. I want you to film me as I cum, as I get filled with cock and eat pussy. I don't care what you do to me as long as I can be your slut!" 

Hearing her talk so dirty, my wife moaned, and pressed the girl's head tight into her pussy, her legs wrapping around her neck and back, pulling her in tight. While not so talkative herself, my wife absolutely adores a girl begging to be used in front of her. I hope Koko took a breath, as I'm not sure my wife was going to let her up for one for awhile. We kissed as we both enjoyed Koko's many talents. My wife looked in my eyes and said loudly, "This girl is much better than the last. She's doing things to my clit, and I think I'm going to explode in her mouth. Should I cum all over her face?" I saw Koko bucking a little and realized that yes, my wife had decided not to let her up until she came. To have some fun with the girl, I said, "Well, maybe you should wait for me to be able to cum too." I watched Koko thrash harder, and then my wife let out a high pitched squeel of delight and her torso started shuddering. 

As she came, I thrust harder into Koko, both hands on her hips, filling her then almost completely withdrawing then filling her again, stroke after stroke. I could feel her orgasm as my wife did, then heard her panting after my wife finally let her head go. I grabbed her hair, pulling her back and up till I could see her face and we kissed awkwardly. I broke the kiss, saying, "I love a girl that tastes like my wife." She smiled, a bit glassy eyed, "And I love tasting like your wife and getting fucked hard. She caught her reflection in the stainless steel refrigerator: Her shirt hiked up, almost exposing her breasts, her skirt gathered around her waist, and a mostly naked man moving behind her, filling her pussy again and again.

She began gasping, and this time my cock started quivering deep inside her. "Koko, I'm going to fill you with my cum." She moaned out, "Yes sir, please do. I'm on the pill, so I'll be your little cum slut." My wife breathily added, "Maybe I can eat the cum out of our little slut." Koko's eyes rolled back in her head as she heard that. "Oh god, please, please fill me with your cum and then have your wife eat it out of me." 

Hearing her beg so wantonly, I came inside of her, sending a stream of cum into her young body, moving up and grasping her tits as I did. I felt her cum with me, and before I could even stop cumming, my wife was there, on her knees, sucking and licking at my balls and shaft and at Koko's pussy, getting all the juices she could. 

I leaned back, letting my cock go limp inside of her as my wife worked her over, listening to the young girl moaning and knew this wouldn't be the last time I fucked her. Hopefully I'd get some action in with her friends too...

To be Continued...