 Note: I got the idea for this story from a Hentai comic written by Akiha. I plan on writing more, but I wanted to get general feedback from what I have. 

*****

John Smith stepped off the ship and onto the dock after a long sea voyage. He took a deep breath, still somewhat in shock of his good fortune. The sky was blue with the sun shining bright. John was the only arrival; the rest of the ship was cargo, as he stepped off a bunch of dirty looking women in blue jumpsuits, with the sleeves rolled up, and started to unload the cargo. A few of the women had their jumpsuits unzipped and tied the arms around their waist, revealing a sports bra that only barely contained their buxom chest.

John Smith had won a 2nd class citizenship to the island nation of Konomama, which was located in the middle of the Pacific. Konomama is a small nation with no natural resources. In order to promote economic growth the leaders implemented a strict caste system with citizenship raging from 5th to 1st class citizenship. A higher class citizen could order a lower class citizen to do mostly anything or face fines, imprisonment, reduction in caste, or deportation. Konomama made money by auctioning off their higher level citizenships to the rest of the world, bringing in substantial wealth for Konomama and its citizens. Natural born citizens were automatically granted 4th class citizenship. In order to further increase demand for the higher level citizenships the leaders of Konomama give males born in Konomama an option to leave with their education paid for and a small living stipend. To further skew the gender ratios the leaders of Konomama only accept women immigrants. Those that emigrate from other countries, if accepted, have all their expenses paid for and receive an addition monthly stipend based on their citizenship. The rules were fairly straight forward; a higher level citizen could force a lower caste citizen to do anything so long as it was non-violent, did not destroy property, or theft.

The geography of Konomama is that of a lust, Tropical Island born from an ancient volcano in the Pacific. There is about one million people living on Konomama; 40% are a 5th level citizen, 50% are a 4th level citizen, 8% are a 3rd level citizen, 1.7% are 2nd class, and the remainder are the 1st class citizens. Every citizen by law had to wear a band around their arm denoting their status, caught without the band would result in an automatic demotion in citizen level. 

At the end of the pier was John Smith's guide, a tall man in a sharp looking suit and glasses, wearing a red arm band, showing his status as a reverend 1st class citizen. As John approached he shook the man's hand, 

"Hello John, welcome to Konomama. I'm Eric, you're attaché to help you acclimate to our wonder island," Eric said with a smile and a hand shake. "I hope the ocean wasn't too arduous?"

"I got a little sea-sick, but it was well worth it," John said with a wide grin. "Is that my arm band?" Referring to the yellow arm band in Eric's hand.

"It is indeed," Eric then handed John his yellow arm band. "How much of the welcome manual did you read?"

"I must have read every word a thousand times, not much to do for two weeks; I'm ready to settle in!" John said with anticipation. No one buys the expensive Konomama lottery tickets without knowing FULL well why they're buying it. 

"Excellent, if you'll walk this way I'll show you to your taxi that will take you to your new home," Eric said heading toward the street, where a white car that looks like it had been made in the 80s was waiting. "Don't worry about your luggage, the girls will load it for you." As they approached the white car they were greeted by a gorgeous brunette, wearing short-shorts and a halter top. Much like the girls unloading the ship behind him she was nearly popping out of her halter top. She was covered in a thin layer of sweat from the hot, tropical sun. Her hair was done up into a bun. 

"Hi mister, I'm Sandra, I'll be your taxi driver today," The gorgeous taxi driver said, shaking John's hand.

"This is John," Eric said, as John seemed to be at a loss for words. "John, Sandra will be taking you to your new home in Powter, a city in the heart of Konomama about 4 hours away. . . Are you ok Mr. Smith?" Eric said as John was clearly not paying attention. John was staring at a man who had grabbed one of the women unloading the ship by the hands and pinned her against a crate. Her blue jump suit was completely unzipped revealing an ample pair of C - cup breasts. She was kneeling down as he rammed his cock down her throat. The women's head was pinned against the crate and he held her hands high in the air as he fucked her mouth. The women was slobbering and moaning, but did not appear to be struggling, just devouring his cock with her mouth, wriggling her tongue along the underside of his shaft. The man pulled out to let her breath and she immediately started to lick his bal-

"MR. SMITH!" Eric said, snapping John's attention back to here and now. "There will be plenty of time for that later, if you wouldn't mind; I'm a very busy man. Please sign these papers so we can get a move on." Eric handed John a clipboard with a place to sign for his name. John quickly signed, as he continued to eye the man throat fucking the women from the docking crew. "Thank you, now it appears your luggage is all ready to go. You have a long drive, and its best you make it home before dark. Now please," Eric said motioning to the passenger side door.

"Ya, ya, sorry." John said, getting into the little car. Sandra was already in the driver's seat with the car ready to go. 

"The mayor of Powter will greet you on your arrival and show you were your new residence," Eric then shut John's door, banged on the side, letting Sandra know it was time to leave. Sandra shifted the car into first and then took off. John buckled up, and started to look at the inner console. 

"Sorry Mister, no AC, shouldn't be too bad once we get into the jungle," Sandra said. John had been so excited and sea-sick during the voyage he hardly got any rest, and could feel his eyes getting very heavy. The vibrations of the car, and the heat from the sun felt good. He tried to fight it, he wanted to see the city and the jungle, but his eyes were too heavy. 

"Mr Smith," John woke up to a hand lightly shaking his shoulder. The sky was already past dusk and starting to turn black. The sweat felt cold on him now as the temperature was starting to drop. "Come-on Mr. Smith, let's get you inside. You've had a long journey. I'll be back in the Morning." The voice was un-familiar, but distinctly feminine, and older. John felt groggy, and got out of the car as he was shuffled to a doorway. He was guided through a small house to a bed where me immediately collapsed, falling asleep.

He awoke to the smell of coffee. He was still in his clothes from the day before, but despite that he felt incredibly refreshed. He looked around to find a modest bedroom, with a queen sized bed and a cupboard in the corner. Two windows were on the outside walls, a door to a bathroom, and a door to the living room. He could hear someone in the living room so he got up to go look. As he entered he saw a woman, wearing a business skirt and a white blouse doing something in his kitchen. She had light brown hair that hung just past her collar line. When she heard him approach she turned around to reveal that her white blouse was ruffled in the front and was containing a large pair of breasts. She wore a green armband, making her a 3rd class citizen. He had a beautiful sharp face, with brown eyes. She was older, probably mid 30's early 40's. Despite that she was still beautiful.

"Good Morning Mr. Smith, I'm Hilary, I'm the mayor of Powter. Would you like some coffee?" She said, holding out a cup. 

"Thank you, I would," John said, taking the cup from her. He took a sip, and he could feel the deliciousness pour down his throat. "ah, that's really good!" John said, surprised.

"Yes, homegrown right here in Powter." Hilary said. "Shall we sit and talk?" She motioned to the couch behind John. John took a seat on the couch as Hilary sat in a chair opposite the couch.

"I'd like to officially welcome you to Powter." Hilary said, putting her coffee down on the table in between her seat and the couch. "As of now you are the only 2nd class citizen living in Powter. There are a few 3rds, myself included, but mostly 4th's and 5th's. We have about 3,000 citizens. We grow most of the coffee for Konomama. And W- "Hilary cutherself off short, "Ah, I'm going into my campaign schpeel. All of your living expenses will be taken care of, but because you're a 2nd class you won't get any other kind of stipend. Do you have any questions?"

John could feel his heart pounding. He knew all the rules, and in theory he could command this women to suck his cock. . . but he still felt trepidation. He decided he would start small and work his way into it. "Uh ya, I like your blouse, would to mind sitting next to me so I can get a better look?" John patted the couch seat next to him. 

"You're the boss," Hilary said with a smile as she sat next to him. "It's imported from France, it's expensive, but now that you're here we can afford it." 

"Now that I'm here?" John said a little confused.

"Well sure. Town's budgets are determined by how many 3rd, 2nd, and 1st class citizens they have. Our budget will nearly triple now that you're here. We'll be able to immigrate more girls, which will mean growth." Hilary said like a true mayor. Hilary's perfume smelled like flowers. He could better see her smooth, tanned legs.

"I need a shower, would you mind showing me where it is?" John knew exactly where the shower was, but he was still timid. 

"Of course, its right in your bedroom," Hilary stood up, he could see her curvy figure now. "Here it is," Hilary said standing at the entrance to the door.

"Will you show me how the shower works?" John asked. Hilary then bent over the tub and started to show John. John didn't care. Finally mustering up his nerve he placed a hand on her ass as she was bent over. Hilary didn't seem to notice, she just continued to show how to plug up the drain in case he wanted to take a bath. After she finished she started to stand up straight. John put a hand in the middle of her back. Hilary stopped, and remained bent over.

"Is there something else you would like me to show you," Hilary said placing her hands on the rim of the tub. John's hands slowly slid down her legs to the edge of her skirt. Hilary didn't move, she just turned her head around back to look at him. Slowly, John started to pull her skirt up. Anywhere else in the world he would have been yelled at to stop, not here though. He pulled her skirt all the way up, around her waist, revealing a pair of skimpy, lacy black underwear. John pulled her panties down to the middle of her thigh showing her trimmed mound and a perfectly pink asshole. John undid his shorts and pulled out his already hard cock. He placed the tip of his penis at her entrance, resting it there while his hand slid around her legs and onto her clit. He could feel a mound of well-trimmed pubic hair on his palm. John started to massage her clit as he said,

"Why aren't you stopping me?" Hilary let out a little moan as his fingers moved back and forth over her sex. 

"I'm a lower class. I have to do whatever you say, even if that means being your personal little slut." Hilary said, clearly getting into it. He could feel her starting to get wet now. John got down on his knees played with her clit with his thumb, getting a good whiff of her pussy.

"If you have to do what I say, can I make you put laws into place?" John said as he spread her lips apart, isolating her nub, and then moved his tongue in, flicking it back and forth. Hilary let out a gasp, and instinctively her legs buckled a little as she tried to shove her wet pussy into John's face. John's tongue was sending electricity through Hilary's body with his tongue going back and forth over her clit.

"Yes," Was all Hilary could muster. Hilary was dripping wet now. John moved her from the rim of the tub and onto the ground, and pushed her head to the floor and her ass in the air. He placed his cock at the entrance and slowly pushed in. He could feel her tight folds gripping his manhood and he entered. Both of them let out a sigh of relief as ecstasy washed over them. John grabbed her hips and started to fuck her like a dirty sex toy. His hands pulled her into him with every thrust, feeling her wet insides.

John couldn't believe he was fucking the mayor of his new town like a slave in his harem. He could see her pink little asshole as he fucked her. She was now looking back at John with her beautiful brown eyes. She licked her fingers and then moved it behind her, resting on her ass, with her fingers hovering just at the edge of her pink asshole. John moved his left hand underneath her and played with her clit. Hilary let out a guttural moan as her hand began toying with her ass. He could feel Hilary getting close, as her eyes were closed and her hand playing with her ass was moving all around her ass, the spit providing enough lube that her fingers were just gliding around. John began to rut into her deeper and harder, keeping the hand on her clit at an even pace.

"Oh God, use me like a cheap fuck, fuck me!" Hilary said as John's cock plowed into her. "You're going to make this little slut cum, yes, just like that." He could feel Hilary starting to tense up. "Yes, your little toy is cuming, Oh FUCK!" Hilary's back started to arch and John could feel her insides spasm around his dick. Hilary's legs tried to close as her clit had become ultra-sensitive. John didn't move his hand from her clit, and put his other hand on the back of her head, grabbing her hair and fucked her like a caveman. He could feel the tip of his cock bottoming out inside Hilary while she squirmed under his touch. John could feel himself getting close,

"I'm going to cum inside you," John said matter of factly.

"Ooh, use me as your cum dump," Hilary moaned. He could feel Hilary fucking him back. The idea of being used turned Hilary on, the thought of him cuming inside of her like a cheap whore brought her to the edge. She moved back into him as he thrust, trying to coax out his cum like a thirsty wench. She could feel his cock graze her hymen with every caveman like thrust. His eyes were glazed over like all he wanted in the world was to cum. "If you... If you blow your load inside of me I'll cum again," Hilary said. That was enough, as John let out a grunt like a rutting bull and grabbed her hips and blew his load deep inside of her. His whole body shivered with bliss. She could feel his cum blast her hymen, being used like a cum bucket sent Hilary over the edge. Her whole body exploded with ecstasy, her mind going blank.

John collapsed onto Hilary, breathing heavy, with waves of relaxation washing over him, still inside of her. Hilary felt full, and had a strange feeling of safety. After a while of just enjoying the post-orgasmic bliss John got off of Hilary with a grunt, sitting down. Hilary got up, and sat facing John. The sat looking at each other for some time, then John said, 

"You were more into that than I was expecting." 

"I'm one of only a few 3rd class citizens in this town. I've spent the past 10 year fulfilling all my sexual fantasies, but no one could dominate me because I'm such a high ranking citizen." Hilary got up and started to rummage through the cabinet under the sink, pulling out toilet paper. "Ah-ha! Now I can clean myself up." She said starting to unravel the paper. 

"No." John said, and Hilary looked up. "I'm giving you an order not to clean up. I want you to feel me leaking out of you for the rest of the day. Also, you can't wear panties anymore." John said. Using the mayor as a little fuck-toy did wonders in boosting his confidence. "Also, I want you to pass a law that women are no longer allowed to wear panties." 

"Oh?" Hilary said, raising her eyebrows. "Getting right into it I see," She said with a smirk. "Very-well, I'll have it passed and being enforced tomorrow." Hilary picked up her panties and threw them in the trash, "I won't be needing those anymore."

"I'd like a tour of the city, if you wouldn't mind, after I shower."

"I'll wait for you outside."

About 45 minutes later after John had showered, shaved, and changed his clothes he opened his door to step outside. He saw Hilary sitting on his door steps with what looked like his Mailman, no Mail Women, between Hilary's legs eating her out. He could see a purple armband on the mailwomen, a 5th class citizen. Hilary's back was arched, resting against the doorstep. One hand was on the back of the black-haired mailwomen's head and the other was inside her blouse playing with her chest. The mailwomen was moaning with Hilary as her tongue flicked Hilary's clit. Hilary lazily opened her eyes, looking at John. "She's moaning because she can taste your cum," Then Hilary closed her eyes again and went back to relishing her personal servant. John's cock instantly got hard. He walked around the Mayor and her labia lapping postal worker and kneeled down behind the mailwomen. 

The mailwoman had an exceptionally large ass. John un-buttoned the mailwoman's pants and pulled them and her panties down at the same time, revealing a completely hairless, already dripping went cunt. Her knees were together making her ass into a perfect heart-shape while she tongued the mayor's clit. Her pussy looked flawless, a perfect innie. John could feel pre-cum leaking from his cock he was so excited. He took off his shorts and revealed his throbbing hard dick for the entire neighborhood. John slipped his hard-on into his mailwoman's pussy. The mailwoman was definitely tighter than the mayor, it seemed like her pussy was trying to strangle his cock. 

"Fuck this little slut, she's only good at taking cock and eating pussy," The mayor said getting excited now that John joined in. John let out a groan as he grinded against the post woman's pussy.

"Open your blouse, I want to see your tits," John ordered the mayor. As commanded the mayor started to undo her blouse, starting from the top and working her way down. Every button she her blouses neckline immediately deepened, as her massive tits pushed against the fabric. The mayor kept eye contact with John as she went. John could see her cleavage now, all the while carving out the postal worker's pussy. Her skin was just as tan as her legs, with no signs of a tan line. As Hilary got half way her back arched and she grabbed her little servants head and let out a groan.

"Oooh, I'm cuming," Hilary said as she wrapped her hands around the mailwoman's head. John just used the woman's dirty, tight little hole as he watched the mayor cum. Her blouse was half way open and he could see the outline of her rack. The postwoman was moaning along with the Mayor. John could see the euphoria ripple through Hilary's body. As Hilary finally came back down from cloud nine the postwoman took her tongue off the Mayor's clit and started to move her head. John quickly placed his hand on the back of the post woman's head, forcing her back into Hilary's snatch.

"Don't stop eating her out until I paint your insides with my seed," John ordered. John could tell she was obeying because Hilary started to spasm as the civil servant's tongue flicked Hilary's post orgasm clit. "Madam Mayor, your tits," John ordered, as the mayor squirmed. 

"Of course," Hilary said finally getting used to being eaten out again. Hilary finally removed her blouse, revealing her bra-less, perfect rack. Hilary's breasts were easily double D, perfectly round, and not a hint of sag - impressive for a women of her age. Hilary made eye contact with John while she started to play with her bare chest. "Fuck that purple-arm banded slave. I bet all she wants is to be covered in her master's cum," Hilary was getting into it again as she bucked her hips against the lithe tongue flicking her hard jewel. Hilary's dirty talk was really turning John on, as he bore into his fuck toy's opening. 
