 Dani and her husband Rob lived in a very expensive apartment in the downtown section of the city. They had moved from the suburbs several years prior and settled comfortably into city life. They were childless and their original preference for the burbs had lost its appeal. On this late afternoon Dani was busy readying the apartment for company.

The apartment was actually owned by Rob's older brother Eddie, a single guy and a hard rock miner who made big money working in remote locations. He was very much in demand by mining companies and was able to work wherever or whenever he chose. He had purchased this well located apartment during a time of low real estate prices and offered Rob and Dani the opportunity to live in it while setting aside two rooms to be his home when he was not away on a contract. They had the option to buy him out over time.

Dani was preparing for the arrival of her friend Marg, whose hubby was away with Rob on an annual hunting trip. Dani and Marg had a great relationship and enjoyed spending time with each other. This yearly event provided them with a nice break from normal married life. Marg still lived in the suburbs and each year relished the opportunity to stay downtown and shop at her leisure, attend movies or theatre, and just generally forget about needing to commute to every event. They both enjoyed late evening bar hopping and did so most nights during this annual time together. Men looked at unescorted women differently and both ladies loved the game that played out every time in every bar or lounge; "do they or don't they?"

Generally they had limited their lounge adventures to a few drinks, a dance or two, a hand on the knee under the table; mild flirtations with desirable men. They did fantasize about getting laid but until last year they still had not taken that step when on one late evening and after a few too many drinks they had accompanied two visiting salesmen to their hotel suite. 

One of the guys had not been able to get it up, while the other one could not get off! To make a long story short, they had taken turns riding the one with the unrelenting pole. Marg had finally provided the poor devil relief with a combination hand and blowjob. They had relived that night a hundred times since and vowed they would be more selective about who they screwed this year. But screw they would.

The doorbell rang and Dani buzzed Marg in through the street entrance. They were excited about the coming week together and kissed and chatted as Marg hung her clothes and set up her bath accessories in the master bedroom. They liked to sleep together, enjoyed touching and gentle kisses, but all just as part of their continuous chatter. They had never ventured to full sex.

Marg was a tall strawberry blonde with pale freckled skin, pale blue eyes, a softly athletic body slender but round in all the right places. She was quietly attractive but her calm demeanor hid a wild and daring soul. Sex life at home had not been great for some time and she was looking forward to some erotic action during this time with her good friend.

Dani was the more striking woman, more voluptuous than Marg with olive skin, black hair, brown eyes, beautiful facial features, lovely hanging boobs and shapely hips, ass and legs. She turned heads wherever she went, young or old, male or female. She had a satisfying sex life with her hubby Rob, but often worried that she had missed something. She ached for something new to happen this coming week.

They made a very eye catching pair when dressed for an evening out. And they knew it.

They discussed their plans for this first evening, whether to go out for dinner or cook at home. They were just about to make a decision when the doorbell rang again. Dani answered, asking who was there before turning to Marg with a stunned look on her face. She turned back to the intercom and said, "Sure Eddie, will buzz you in but what's up?"

Marg heard a male voice respond, "I'll explain when I get up there." Dani buzzed him in.

She turned to Marg, "It's Eddie, Rob's brother. I have told you about him. He never comes this time of year and always calls a week or so ahead of time when he does come."

Marg said, "Will he be staying here? Maybe I should go back home."

Dani said, "Oh no, more the reason for you to stay. Rob would go bonkers if he knew that Eddie and I were alone for even one night. Stay and protect me. I don't trust him or myself." 

They both laughed and Marg disappeared into the bedroom until the visitor arrived. She peeked out when she heard the door open to see

Dani enveloped in the arms of a big bear like man. It was more of a feel than a hug; his hands were part way down her ass cheeks as the welcoming kiss lingered on. He caught sight of Marg over Dani's shoulder and said, "Hello, who do have we here?"

Dani turned, quite flushed and anxious and said, "This is my friend Marg, her hubby is away hunting with Rob and she's spending some time with me while the guys are away. Marg this is Rob's brother Eddie." 

Eddie smilingly advanced on Marg, hand extended in greeting. Bold eyes glared out of a head covered with a full bushy beard and long hair tied in a ponytail. "My pleasure Marg." Her knees weakened and her loins warmed as he drank her in with his eyes.

Eddie returned to Dani and in way of explanation said, "We have a power failure at the mine. There will be no mining work for a week or so and I decided to get out for a while. I didn't even think about Rob being away. But we can make do, I have no problem sharing the place with two beautiful women," he grinned. He grabbed his packsack and headed for his room, "Will shower and shave, see you in an hour or so."

Marg turned to Dani with wide eyes and said, "Wow. What's the story with him? It looked to me as if you two have something going. That was more of a 'get ready to fuck kiss' than a brotherly greeting. Speaking of which, he seems horny as hell, I thought he was going to screw me right there."

Dani laughed, "First, no, we have never done the dirty deed, although I suspect that he thinks about bedding me as much as I think about bedding him. We have messed around a little but usually only when drinking. 

And yes, he is probably very horny. He's been in a remote camp in the Arctic for several months, with very few women around. He always goes out hunting women his first few days back. In fact, he is out looking every night although he never seems to have a steady. Rob relates some of his pussy hunting stories to me. If you believe him, he is insatiable and pretty much returns to work for a rest after a few weeks in the city." 

And then, "I have wanted to help him out a few times, get the desperation out of him you know, but never had the chance." They both giggled at the thought. "Wait until you see him cleaned up and shaved, he is quite gorgeous and always very outgoing and pleasant, I can understand why he does well with the ladies."

Marg said, "He has such big hands, my hand just disappeared into his, so strong but he was gentle. His neck and arms are massive and thick."

Dani responded, "Well, I can tell you that he is thick everywhere!" 

They exploded in laughter and Marg said, "Now how the hell would you know that? I thought that you said that you had never got it on."

"I have seen it after he showered. He was toweling off on one occasion and that big 'schlong' was swinging around like a fire hose. We have danced at parties and he makes no attempt to shield his hard-on from me. I can assure you, it is both long and thick. I mean, my Rob is well hung, but his brother is from another planet, size wise."

Marg shivered, "God help me, you're giving me ideas. I promise to protect you from him." More edgy laughter, one would have thought they had been drinking as they chattered on about the stud showering in the bedroom.

Eddie removed his beard. He normally would have visited a barber to have it done, but there were none open and he wanted to cast a favorable impression on the ladies that night. How the hell was he going to work this? He had no compunction about wanting to screw Dani, he had often hoped to catch her alone on his visits, and he was certain that she was as horny for him. But this new gal Marg, beautiful as she was, posed a potential problem. In his experience, very few women were interested in sharing a man. 

And he needed to get laid. There had been no women available on this current job site and he had been fantasizing about this first night home ever since he decided to come out. His plan, before finding out that Rob was away hunting, had been to do some pub-crawling and find a lady for the night. If worst came to worst he would hire a high-end call girl. But now, with two gorgeous gals already in the same apartment with him, there could be a solution closer at hand. He was erect at the thought and stroked his cock slowly, "pussy tonight big fella', he promised it in the mirror.

He touched up his military moustache, twisting the pointed ends upwards. He pulled on a light short-sleeved shirt and tight fitting shorts nicely displaying his muscular arms and legs, massive chest and hard butt. He wanted to impress the women but not frighten them off by being too aggressive. He had good vibes about both of them, and believed that they were both attainable. But the question was whether they were both available at once?

Dani had poured drinks, including a beer for Eddie, and the two ladies waited expectantly for his return. The thought of a threesome had infiltrated the minds of all three involved, as if by some form of osmosis. But the ladies had no idea how to achieve it. Marg whispered in Dani's ear, "It's not as if we have never had a threesome and shared a man!"

They both convulsed in laughter that turned to embarrassment as Eddie joined them, "What's the joke ladies? Care to share?"

Dani had seen Eddie dressed similarly in the past, but she was still turned on at what a beautiful man he was, while Marg sat frozen with her drink half way to her mouth. When Eddie went for his beer, she leaned into Dani and whispered, "Have you ever tried to sip a drink while you are drooling?" More muffled giggles.

Eddie sat down facing the two ladies sitting side by side on the sofa. He raised his glass to them, "Cheers gals, here's to a great week."

The women responded meekly, raising their glasses while trying to focus on Eddie's face and not on his bulging shorts. They uncrossed and re-crossed their legs in unison. Eddie caught a glimpse of their inner thighs and grinned wickedly. He thought, 'screw it, I'm going for broke here tonight'.

He said, "Look, unless you gals have other plans, why not let me take you out to a great Italian restaurant for dinner, then maybe a bar or lounge for a drink. Will have you home by midnight, guaranteed. I hope you're not nervous about going out with one guy are you? I won't let anyone else bother you. Or maybe you want to be bothered!"

The women barely heard what he was saying, or at least they heard it but did not interpret it. They were aroused, nipples hard and loins weak, he could have taken both right then. Dani placed her hand on Marg's and said, "We had planned to have dinner here, but would love to join you. Right Marg?"

Marg could barely move her lips in response. She was dreaming of this big guy over her, between her legs, driving a long thick cock in and out of her. Trying to be nonchalant she gurgled out, "Oh sure, that sounds nice, and the Italian restaurant sounds perfect."

The planets were aligned, Eddie could read the thoughts of both women, and he was ready for two. Four months of abstinence can do that for a guy. He dialed the restaurant on his cell phone and convinced the maître' d that there would be room for three at a select table.

The ladies dressed to kill and ready for the bars. They pulled on small tight form fitting dresses hemmed partway up their thighs, low cut décolleté, and bare legs nicely augmented by high heels. Flimsy undies gave the impression that they might not be wearing panties or bras.

"He'll think we're hookers," said Dani, as they stood side by side in front of a full-length mirror. Marg's eyes were soft as she murmured in Dani's ear, "You look good enough to eat baby." They kissed, but gentle enough so as not to smudge their lipstick.

Eddie changed to soft slacks, pull-on brogues, open collared shirt and a sports coat. He did not resemble a hard rock miner in any way.

He retied his ponytail and combed out his moustache. As in the poem, he was "a miner fresh from the cricks and loaded for bear."

"Wow," he exclaimed as they met in the living room. "You gals look gorgeous, I'm going to have to be ready to protect my interests tonight, there'll be tongues hanging out all over the city. You two should never be let out alone looking like that!"

The ladies giggled and posed for him, flattered and excited. It went unsaid but they were both thinking the same way about him. Marg was wondering to herself why were they even going out. He was a very different and good-looking hunk and she would have surrendered to him right then and there, and not have to risk him finding another woman for the night. 

Each lady hung onto one of Eddie's big arms as they strolled the few blocks to the restaurant. Eddie was well known at this particular establishment and was received by the Maître' d with smiles and compliments befitting a high tipping customer. They were escorted to a secluded table, two servers rushing to seat the ladies while the Maître'd settled Eddie in with a wine list.

Eddie said, "I'm a real wine hound and love Italian reds, are you gals easy with that or do you prefer something else?"

The ladies assured him that Italian red was good by them, and Eddie ordered two bottles with a flourish. He was an easy host, attentive and articulate, and kept the conversation flowing on many matters and was easily responsive to questions about life at a remote mining camp. 

As they settled in, warmed and relaxed by the wine, Marg asked, "And how do you manage to keep your sanity being so long in a place like that. I mean, no restaurants, no bars or lounges, no sports or movies, it must be difficult." A pause and then, "And no women either."

Marg and Dani squirmed as they imagined what Eddie was thinking and how desperate he must be for a woman. It was easy to read his thoughts as his eyes moved from one to the other of them.

Eddie said, "You mean no pussy for months. Is that it?" He laughed as the women struggled to appear nonchalant with the subject of sex coming to the fore. The elephant had left the room.

He continued, "Well it can be difficult. Even if there are women on site, management has to maintain tight security to protect them from several hundred horny guys. So even if there is an available lady, finding a place to get together can be hard. And I'm always hard." This last stated with a wink.

He continued, "But on this current trip I have had no luck. You two ladies are in the company of a man who has not had any pussy for months. I would be nervous if I were you," he grinned. He raised his glass with a provocative look at their boobs.

It was not a shock to the women; he had made no effort to hide his desire for both of them. They touched their glasses to his. 

Marg was not finished however. "Well Eddie, just for the record, have you ever got laid at one of those mine sites?"

This was all falling perfectly in line for Eddie, and he shrugged and said, "Oh yes, a few times. There was this cook, a Jamaican lady who had a trailer for herself on one site. We got to talk in the cafeteria one night and I ended up screwing her in her trailer almost every night for four weeks. I didn't think that I would get off that site alive, very little sleep what with mining and fucking most of each day."

This statement had the desired effect on the women, both imagining Eddie humping a black lady, and of course screwing each of them. There was a soundless collective sigh from all three including Eddie. The die was cast and someone would get laid this evening. But it was time to eat.

They enjoyed a delightful meal with excellent service, more wine flowed and it was a very relaxed and happy group as Eddie paid the bill.

"Where would you like to go for a drink now?" said Eddie. "We can go to the Maroon Lounge, a nice quiet place with music and dancing. Or is there another club you prefer, one with more action maybe."

Marg grabbed Dani's hand under the table, squeezed it and said, "Why not go back to the apartment for drinks? We're having fun with just the three of us, and Dani has some nice music."

Dani added, "Yes, why not? We love being with you Eddie, you have so many stories and we can do it all right there." 

Marg said sotto voice, "do what right there?"

Eddie had heard the comment but chose to ignore it although it signaled that all three were thinking of fucking. He paused, searching the eyes of each of them before he said, "If we go back now, I plan to fuck both of you." His heart was pounding, as the ladies seemed to freeze and remain wordless for seconds. He added, "Several times each." His eyes moved back and forth between the two women.

Dani and Marg still held hands under the table, their grips tightened as Dani responded, "We should be going then," a pause and then, "to the apartment."

They could not get there fast enough, walking quickly down the street with Eddie's arms around each waist, hips bumping and grinding, tits rubbing against his big biceps, and all of them fully aroused. Marg slyly touched and rubbed his hard cock through his pants as they stumbled along, "You ready for two Eddie? Dani and I have shared a man before you know." Eddie was in 'fuck heaven'.

Eddie pulled Dani to him after they entered the apartment, slipped his hands down her body to her ass as his tongue slipped hungrily into her mouth. "I've been waiting for this for years Dani," he groaned. And then he took Marg by the hand and rolled her against his body, felt her tit and then her ass before sliding his hands down the back of her legs and up under her skirt. He kissed and sucked on her lips and whispered, "I wanted to fuck you as soon as I saw you."

Marg breathed, "I know."

Dani started playing some soft music and drifted over to the bar to select a bottle of wine along with three glasses. She had no idea how to proceed. 

Eddie pulled Marg's panties off, pushed her skirt up to her hips and sat her on a high bar stool. He parted her legs, glanced down at her pussy and began to rub and finger it. 

It had all happened so quickly, one minute Marg was entering the room and the next there was this big man feeling her bare pussy. She felt his thick fingers roaming between her legs, seeking and finding her pussy lips, rubbing them together, stroking along the slit and softly teasing her swollen clit before sliding a finger into her. No sooner had she lifted her flimsy dress up over her head than he had pulled her tits out of the tiny soft bra and buried his face between them.

Dani's hands were shaking as she watched all of this unfolding just across the bar from her. She was cleaning up some spilled wine with a rag when Eddie lifted his head from between Marg's tits and said, "Come here baby, take your dress off and come here."

Dani dropped the dishrag and reached behind to unzip her dress. By the time she circled the bar she was down to panties, bra and heels. She could barely contain herself. She placed her hands on Eddie's shoulders as he kissed her, sucked her lips and pulled her panties down and her skirt up to her hips. He lifted her like a teacup and sat her on a bar stool beside a panting Marg. She unhooked her bra to release her big gourd shaped tits. He was between her legs, his fingers gently massaging her pussy lips as he bent down to suck in a big dark nipple.
