 It was hard to put this story in a category. Is it lesbian sex or group sex? I hope it appeals to aficionados of each category.

*

Friday evening and it is off to the offices of our current client for Don's leaving party. Don is a great Project Manager to deal with professionally and a superb bloke who always has a wonderful dry, likeable sense of humour and a winning smile that got the best out the team working on the project. After twenty years with our client he was going off to work as an independent consultant and we all joked that he would be back doing the same role in a fortnight but on twice the money as a consultant. Don's wry smile over the top of his ice cold beer told us that it was probably going to happen.

The boardroom and surrounding reception area was filled with his colleagues, consultants & contractors to drink his beer, wine and generally have a good time. Most of us had known each other for years as construction is a small tight knit community with its associated trades and consultants. I grabbed a beer and circulated around the crowd chatting to those I worked with on our current project and some other faces I hadn't met for a few years. It was a great relaxed atmosphere and the alcohol was flowing as everyone enjoyed themselves.

We had the inevitable presentation and speech, but this time the speech was great fun with Don taking the piss out of the many people assembled to honour him. Once the 'formal' part was over the boardroom lights were dimmed and a mobile disco fired up. Soon people were up and dancing in close proximity having a great time and kicking off the start of their weekend in style. The various members of our project team seemed to have assembled together in the middle of the dancing crowd and we enjoyed each others company. We were a mix of people employed as Project Managers, Engineers, Architects, Consultants, Secretaries, Planners, Purchasers, etc, but all determined to enjoy ourselves.

By the time the seventies oldies of Earth Wind & Fire, Boney M and Abba were rolled out I was dancing facing young Kelli who during the day was a young assistant Project Manager, but this evening she was a stunning young lady in her mid to late 20's with a cute face framed in medium length brown hair. She was wearing tight green trousers that showed off her slender frame to perfection. Her long slim legs filling out with nicely curved thighs, meeting at her crotch with that lovely gap of light between her thighs that entice a man's eyes to a girl's crotch like a beacon of hope. Above she was wearing a tight green t-shirt that clung to her expressing every movement she made while dancing. I am glad we were dancing as it gave me an excuse if Kelli saw that my eyes were continually travelling up and down her body between her thighs and her 32B breasts that were held tight to her chest by a micro mesh bra that showed her breasts off perfectly. Kelli was either a thorough party animal or she was well under the influence of wine as she partied hard, not that I was complaining; I just had to remember to keep dancing as I ogled her in front of me, or more precisely her stunning, lithe, active young body.

When Kelli twirled around I saw how tight her trousers really were as they clung to her arse cheeks, and what beautiful cheeks they were too. Shit, was I lucky dancing with Kelli, what a body I was fully ogling and appreciating. I started getting horny, thinking of how nice these tender firm thighs would be clamped around my ears as I ate out her sweet pussy if I laid her out on someone's office desk next door. 'Down by', I told my prick as I felt it swell to life in my trousers. I smiled at Kelli as I danced; especially as I thought I saw her nipples start to harden through her t-shirt. I so wanted to reach forward and cover her firm young breasts with my hands as we danced. I looked down and laughed at myself as I realised my hands were already cupped and fingers were exercising themselves as if they were already pushed up against her t-shirt. This was just too much for a dirty old man like me, but boy was I enjoying myself.

Next tune on was "The Bump" by Kenny and the crowd seemed to be bouncing even more on the dance floor and naturally Kelli's boobs were bouncing with equal energy. At the moment I was staring down at Kelli's crotch I saw the most fantastic arse slide into view and bump against Kelli's hip. This arse was like an inverted heart, two stunning, slightly fleshy buttocks tightly wrapped in a tailored pair of stripped trousers that highlighted perfectly the stunning shape & movement of the bumping arse. I was mesmerised by this beautiful sight as I murmured under my breath "Fuck yes."

My eyes first travelled down to the dance floor to see a fuller pair of thighs & calves than Kelli's dancing around in a pair of high heeled shoes. These really made the calves stand out in all of their glory. The stripped arse bumped into Kelli again as my eyes rose up, but pausing again on the wonderful bouncing cheeks which my tongue wanted to explore. I hoped that my tongue wasn't out licking up and down as I danced. Finally my eyes rose up to look at Kelli just as she was bumped again. Fortunately she was looking sideways and smiling at the person who was bumping her. Good I hadn't been caught letching!

The beautiful striped dancing arse was topped by a white furry Angora jumper that was partially covered by long ringlets of reddish ginger hair cascading over the shoulders & back of the dancing sweater. To be totally honest I nearly shot my load there and then I as watched two lovely young women dance together, bumping in time with the music and words of "The Bump". Finally the mass of dancing hair turned slightly as the striped arse continued to bump Kelli's hips, and I received a great beaming smile from Kris. Kris is the receptionist for Don's company, and she always makes you feel uplifted every time you see her behind the desk with her winning, welcoming smile, bright young face, lovely hair; and as you reach the desk to sign in, the sight of her amazing rack of tits sitting high but firmly on her chest. Always a welcoming vision that I have always wanted to behold. Being a savvy receptionist she has probably read my mind and eyes every time I step into reception that I would love to undress her and ride her doggie style while reaching under her to hold her beautiful tits in my cupping & supporting hands. Kelli gave me her best beaming smile as she danced. Shit, I felt like the only man in the world at that time as I fully appreciated my luck dancing here, my vision filled by two stunning young woman; that my prick wanted to fuck the arse off each, 'In your dreams', I thought to myself. But then Kris winked at me and maybe my thought had been very transparent on my face. I must have either blushed at being caught or she had read my mind as Kris laughed out loud and licked her lips.

Then I felt slightly deflated as if a pin had been pushed in to my heated up male ego as I saw that Kris was running her hand gently over the cheek of Kelli's arse. Shit, Kris was making a move on Kelli right before my eyes and in her partied up state Kelli wasn't adverse to it.

Well God damn, this was probably my ultimate fantasy in front of my eyes, two women getting it on with each other. Probably every man's fantasy to be honest. 

Well it might have been the early stages of my fantasy as at the moment only Kris and I knew that Kris was starting to try to get it on with Kelli; but as I said Kelli wasn't stopping her if she was at all aware of what Kris was doing and what her intentions seemed to be. At least my over imaginative sexed up mind was telling me that that was going on. When Kris licked her lips and then looked at Kelli again I knew I was right. I nodded and smiled at Kris so that she knew that I knew. She smiled back and brushed her hand over Kelli's arse again confirming it.

"Nice?" I called out over the music to both of them, and they both nodded and smiled in return. Kellie turned and smiled at Kris with a knowing look in her eyes & smile.

"Ohhh yyyess," I groaned out load, but only Kris caught it. She smiled and nodded, sending my mind and imagination into over drive. I would sell my soul to the devil to see two young beautiful women such as Kris & Kelli making love to each other in one of the offices next door.

Suddenly Don burst into view and swept Kris into his arms.

"This is my last opportunity to get my hands on you!!!!" he laughed and smiled at Kris, "And I've asked the DJ to play a song for you," he boasted.

With a great sense of timing the DJ faded out the last few bars of "The Bump", dimmed the lights and opened up with the Commodores "Three Times A Lady" as Don looked deep into Kris' eyes with hope and a little bit of lust in his eyes. Don is a gentleman through and through, but even he must have lusted after his gorgeous receptionist whenever he walked by her. I think he was partially hoping he might get a nice snog at the least as his arms slid around Kris and settled down on her lovely shaped striped arse that still danced in my view.

I quickly wrapped my arms around Kelli and pulled towards me as I didn't want some other horny bloke muscling in and spoiling my fantasy of getting lucky with two horny women.

Kelli's lithe body felt such a natural fit in my arms as I felt her warmth against me, smelt her perfume and slid one hand down on to her tight arse. I was in heaven. I was looking over Kelli's shoulder watching Don run his hands over Kris's arse. This was just too much for my senses, holding Kelli and staring at Kris's stunning arse; my prick grew rock hard against Kelli's tight crotch. 'Oh shit' I thought in panic; but Kelli just pulled me tighter against her and slid a hand down the grip my arse!!

I could feel Kelli's tits tight against my chest and I could definitely feel her hard nipples pressing through my shirt. I was made, I was on a promise if I continued to play cool; but with a rock hard prick I wasn't so sure how long I could play 'cool' for.

I brought one hand up to rub Kelli's neck and to run my fingers through her hair. I felt her hot breath blow against the open neck of my shirt as she nuzzled closer against me.

Looking up, Don's eyes met mine and we smiled at each other and he gave a squeeze of Kris's full tight buttocks for fun. I bet he had a rock hard cock as well, especially having Kris's full tits rubbing her woolly chest against his shirt. 'What a nice way to leave a company', I thought, having your receptionist's tits squashed against your chest and your hands full of arse flesh; and no doubt her crotch pulled against his rock hard cock. Don and I were both a pair of satisfied dirty old men, even if our evening went no further than this.

"Three Times A Lady" faded out and the opening bars of Hazel O'Connor's "Will you" started. 'Don, you sly old dog,' I thought, as he must have chosen this little known song. He definitely wanted to get into Kris's pants and I saw him squeezing her arse more to emphasise that thought to her. I did much the same to Kelli as I squeezed her arse and neck.

But Kris definitely had other ideas as her hand reached back to run over Kelli's arse again. Kelli gave a slight pleasured groan into my chest as she felt Kris's hand alongside mine on her arse.

"Step back slightly," I whispered into her ear and she did. This made it easier & more discreet for Kris to continue what she was doing. Kris realised what was happening and kept her hand on Kelli's arse, but briefly ran her hand over mine in appreciation for bringing Kelli closer to her. What then amazed me was that Kelli slid one hand back onto Kris's leg. I think the three of us, except Don, shivered in anticipation. Fuck! I was as horny as hell as my prick swelled even harder against Kelli's crotch.

Don had his eyes closed, no doubt imagining pulling that white Angora sweater off Kris to reveal her firm full tits. Poor Don, Kris was hoping to score with Kelli, not Don. 'Shit, will I miss out as well?' I wondered.

"Hey Don, come here you old bugger," the senior partner of the firm called out as he and a couple of colleagues dragged Don off Kris and steered him towards the bar.

Kris looked around slightly relieved and slightly disappointed. Her magnificent chest rose and fell and her nipples stood proud through the short weave Angora sweater. She also looked lost as she looked at Kelli held tight in my arms. I needed to move quickly before some other horny bloke wanted a piece of the beautiful, but abandoned Kris on the dance floor.

"How about the three of us head off and party somewhere else ........ more discreet?" I asked both of them, trying to ensure I didn't miss out on any action that might develop between them.

Kelli looked deep into Kris's eyes, still a little unsure of where she was heading this evening.

Kris took her hand in hers and squeezed gently to both reassure her and confirm where she wanted the evening to go.

"Hey, our office is just around the corner with a boardroom stocked with wine, a nice sound system, gentle lighting, and very comfy furniture. Shall we go there now?" I asked.

"Sound great to me," Kris replied instantly, then looked straight at Kelli and said "Let go and have some fun together."

Kelli nodded and smiled in return.

'Marvellous, fucking marvellous', I thought 'I'm not going to be the third you on the tit so to speak. Then I laughed out loud as I realised there was going to be four tits anyway, I just hoped they would be available to me as well as Kelli.

Kris grabbed each of us and started pulling us off the dance floor towards the exit. This told me that I was still in with a chance of scoring with at least Kris, if not Kelli as well. If Kris had just grabbed Kelli's hand then I would have only been supplying the room space for both of them.

I opened the office door and followed them out into the warm evening air as we headed down the road toward our offices.

Kris reached out and took Kelli's hand in hers as we walked. I decided to stay behind for several reasons. First it gave Kris the opportunity to cement the seduction of Kelli without me being involved; and also it meant that I could look at their beautiful figures, especially their arses, as they walked.

I could see Kris seductively running the tip of her middle finger around the soft palm of Kelli's hand as they walked, and slowly Kelli walked closer to Kris as we headed the two short blocks to our offices.

As we crossed the road I scooted ahead to unlock the door and switch the alarm off, before guiding them into the lift for the ride to the seventh floor boardroom.

Leaving the lift I switched on the low-level lighting used for audio visual presentations in the boardroom, and then dimmed it down a bit further. Drinks next, and I quickly pulled out a part bottle of wine out of the hidden fridge as I carefully poured two glasses for my guests, trying not to spill any of it in my horny excitement to see what would happen next.

Our boardroom is huge and has two distinct areas. The formal large boardroom table & chairs stand at the far end, but at the entrance is the bar and lounge area where we now stood.

"Here, enjoy," I said as I passed them their wine, "I'll put some music on." Fortunately we have a good selection of music there for functions held there. But I didn't think we had a CD selection entitled "Shagging Music." But I did find a complication pair of CDs called "Heart & Soul" which I slid into the multi changer system and checked the sound was set to low before turning it on. Next I went back to the fridge to get myself a beer.

Once I had opened my beer I turned to return to my young beautiful, and fuckable guests; only to be surprised that they had placed their wine down and were dancing together already. I stood still and watched as Kris reached forward towards Kelli to place both of her hands on Kelli's hips and they danced together like this for a couple of minutes before Kris stepped forward further and slid her hands around Kelli's waist and downwards to massage her tight arse. There were only a couple of inches between their lips, and their breasts brushed together briefly as they danced. Then Kris slowly traced the fingers of one hand up Kelli's spine making Kelli twitch as she did so. Once her fingers ran through her hair she gently rubbed Kelli's neck as they stared into each others eyes. There was no separation between their breasts now as they were silhouetted sideways against the city's lights through the windows.

God, this was so sexy, so finite, so slow and I was so horny. That's where women win over men; they know how to turn each other on. If it had been me I would have had Kelli's t-shirt off and have been well into her tits; I wouldn't have the finesse that Kris displayed to seduce Kelli so well.

Slowly, ever so slowly, Kris eased Kelli's head forward with her hand until the gap between their lips closed. Their lips were just touching in silhouette for a long minute before Kris's lips eased apart and she ran her tongue along Kelli's lips.

Kelli placed her own hands on Kris's wider shapely hips and slowly opened her lips in acceptance of Kris's tender kiss. Kris's tongue eased into Kelli's welcoming mouth as their passion towards each other increased and Kelli accepted her seduction by Kris. Kelli pulled Kris tight against her so that their breasts meshed hard against each other as they kissed with increasing passion. Kelli's hand slid up to the back of Kris's neck to ensure that she didn't back off. Judging from Kris's looks earlier in the evening I knew for sure that Kris had no intention of easing off tonight.

Very slowly and very quietly I sat down on the nearest sofa, ensuring I had a clear view of the passion being exchanged by these two young stunning women who, I was sure, were going to make my ultimate fantasy come true right in front of my eyes by making love to each other.

To be continued...