 Most blokes have fantasised at one time or another of watching two women make love to each other whether they are lesbians or not. It is something that turns you on immensely whether it is seeing your missus laughing with her cute best friend or seeing two young girls giggling & cuddling together in a bar. It has certainly been one of my greatest fantasies for many, many years from the girls in the bar as a young 18 year old through to the missus and her best friend as a 40 year old dirty old man by comparison.

Here I am sitting in a very comfortable sofa in our company's boardroom, sporting an amazing hard on, after watching two young woman make sweet tender, reckless young love to each other on the carpet and the table in front of me. It is very hard to describe the unbelievable will power that it took to just sit still and just watch their every move, every kiss, every caress, and every lick.

After pouring myself a beer earlier and finding that Kris & Kelli had started dancing intimately with each other it was very hard to stand back and leave them alone to each other. I would have loved to have been dancing with them, touching their hot young bodies and slowly undressing them. Instead I took a seat to watch Kris slowly and carefully seduce & undress young Kelli with such grace, style & patience that I would have been shagging one of them by the time Kris made her way down to Kelli's exposed pussy.

Seeing Kris seduce Kelli was an amazing sight to behold as she slowly removed Kelli's trousers and sank to her knees in front of her to feast her mouth on Kelli's pussy for Kelli's first experience of girlie sex. I have always fancied Kris for her more developed womanly figure, namely her shapely arse and stunning breasts that are well stacked on her cuddly frame. Watching her lovely arse wrapped in striped trousers sink down to the floor has me mesmerised as I fought the desire to step forward and fondle that gorgeous arse. Then I had to endure the long session of Kris eating out Kelli on the table before I was rewarded to have my long held desire of seeing Kris's arse naked.

Whilst watching Kris make kind considerate love to Kelli was so erotic; the sight of Kelli slowly pushing down Kris's striped trousers to reveal that fantastic panty cover arse briefly just made my night. I had to grip the arms of the sofa tight to prevent myself rushing over to take her doggie style then and there; or to sit there watching without taking out my horny old man and giving it a few strokes.

When Kris was finally naked and had started to walk around the prone, begging body of Kelli, I had nearly shot my load there & then in my pants. Her full, firm, pert breasts swaying on her chest as she walked held my eyes, focused on her bullet tip hard nipples. But then as she turned and I saw her arse riding the top of two magnificent legs, I just wanted to take her. I just wanted to table end her, thrusting my hips into that full arse, watching her flesh ripple underneath me as I slammed into her sodden pussy from behind. It was so tormenting to watch her as she looked down on Kelli, the smile on Kris's face showing that she knew Kelli would do whatever she asked of her tonight; that she had seduced her so completely.

Once Kris gracefully lowered her minge down onto Kelli's waiting mouth was a moment of beauty and style mixed together as I watch her pear shaped arse cheeks spread apart as she bent down to give the fruit of her womb to Kelli.

Guys, can you begin to imagine watching one beautiful woman slowly lower her dripping pussy in surrender to their mutual desire and passion? No, but I can see you thinking basically I would love to see two girls eating each other out.

Girls, have you ever visualised lying there and have a pussy lowered down onto your hungry mouth for you to devour in lust, drinking the nectar issuing forth? I think every woman has a secret desire to try lovemaking, or basic sex, with another woman at sometime in their lives. It is most certainly every blokes dream to be there and see it happen. Tonight this long held fantasy was becoming reality in front of my eyes.

Then it got better still as Kris sank forward to place her head between Kelli's thighs once more as they settled into their 69 together. This really spread the cheeks of Kris's arse. I really had to fight the desire and urgency to strip off, crouch behind Kris and fuck her from behind as Kelli licked her clit from underneath. I could just visualise reaching forward to wrap my hand around her full swinging breasts as they rubbed across Kelli's stomach. I wouldn't have lasted long but I would have been extremely content and smug shooting my load down into her pussy as Kelli's tongue brought her to a screaming orgasm underneath me.

Their 69 was a thing of beauty to watch and behold. The intimate licks and kisses, the tender caressing, and the hunger of passion & lust just satisfied every part of my long held fantasy. To be honest I was very relieved when they both came together in such a tremendous finishing orgasm as I was just loosing the fight not to have a wank as I watched them; as I was so horny and so desperate to cum.

Finally they turned to face each other, to kiss and exchange juices as their tongues & lips met; and they hugged each tight together in that warm afterglow of orgasm; made special this time holding the shapely warm form of another woman tight to their matching body.

Finally my ultimate fantasy had come true and was complete. I couldn't believe my good fortune as I slowly stood and walked slowly towards them. Slowly and quietly I slipped off my shoes and socks so it would be easy to get out of my trousers & pants in a hurry. 

Now it was time to have my next fantasy come true – to have a threesome with two other women. Lying beneath me was the opportunity of a lifetime.

Slowly I lay down behind Kris, stretched out straight on the floor. I leaned forward to kiss the nape of her neck and carefully ran my hand down from her shoulder down her warm spine to her waist. Here I hovered for a minute before running back up to her shoulders again to sweep her long ringlets down to one side to expose more of her long slender neck.

Kelli eyes slowly opened in front of me and smiled back in a spaced, orgasmed out sort of look. Yes, a threesome was definitely on the cards so I ran my hand back down Kris's spine and up onto her upturned hip. Here I rested it for a short time as I continued to kiss her neck and nibble her ear lobe.

As a soft satisfied groan escaped her lips I slide my hand down over the prize of my desire – her wonderful arse. My fingers trailed across the full but firm buttock until I reached the tight curve of the underside where my fingers gripped the wonderful shaped flesh and massaged it in a small circle so I could see the stunning sight as I looked down along her spine. My prick was bursting to get out of my pants and at her. I had long dreamed of the moment and now I was enjoying a dream come true. I ran my hand over the whole of her arse for several long minutes including teasing the ample bum cleavage as I continued to kiss her warm delicate neck. Slowly Kris lifted one foot and slid it up on the carpet to meet her other knee splitting her warm thighs apart. I made the most of this offer and slid my fingers down her bum cleavage until they wrapped under her, ran across her swollen pussy lips and came to rest in the juice matted hairs of her mound. Kris and I both groaned out loud in appreciation of the feeling both of us were enjoying.

Kelli had now recovered in her post orgasmic state and didn't want to be excluded from the action. She slid down slightly on the carpet until her mouth became level with Kris's nipples and then she leaned forward to take the swollen point into her mouth.

Kelli sighed in satisfaction as she suckled on Kris's motherly breast; Kris groaned at the touch of Kelli's lips and the pressure of my hand cupping her mound, teasing her with my gentle squeezing of her swollen vulva; and I groaned out loud in contentment as I lay propped up on one elbow looking over Kris's shoulder at Kelli settled on Kris's breast and happy to be reaching between the thighs of such a beautiful young woman to cup her sexed up pussy in my hand. Drawing my hand back slightly I gently eased Kris's full lips apart and ran my middle finger between the sodden lips, eliciting a further groan from Kris in the process. Then it was time to claim my prize as I carefully sunk my finger into the juice filled love channel of her pussy. Kris leaned back against me as she shivered slightly through a small orgasm on the end of my finger. I needed to heed the lessons of slow seduction that I had witnessed and learnt earlier, but I was so fucking horny. My purple headed womb ferret ached to be released to go hunting for the juice soaked pussies that filled the air with musky womanly aromas. It was time to get naked and impale one of these beautiful women before I wasted my first load of spunk on the inside of my trousers.

Kissing Kris's neck and looking at Kelli suckling her; I reluctantly removed my finger from deep inside Kris's hot pussy and stood up to quickly undress. As I undressed, Kris gently eased Kelli away and then rolled over so she could climb to her knees in front of me. As my throbbing prick sprang into view Kris reached forward and wrapped her fingers around my rock hard length of meat. We stared at each other with lust filled eyes as she gently eased forward to bring her face towards my crotch and her wide lips towards the swollen head of my cock as she slid the foreskin back to reveal the swollen angry head that was lusting for release & attention. In slow motion her tongue extended out to lick the precum from the tip of my rampant cock. I flinched and groaned softly at her feather light touch, before watching her lips expand around the head of my cock as it sank into her hot willing mouth.

As Kris started to gently lick the tender glands on the underside of my meat, Kelli sat up and knelt behind Kris. Kelli smiled at me as she eased Kris's ringlets to one side so she could kiss her neck. As she kissed her neck & shoulder she brought her hands under Kris's arms to cup Kris's magnificent tits together forming a massive amount of cleavage. Kris groaned out loud over my prick as this stimulation sent waves of pleasure coursing through her already sexually charged body.

I looked down at the sight in front of me as Kris relaxed her throat and took the entire length of my meat in her mouth and into the back of her throat. I rang my fingers through her hair in appreciate of the wonderful blowjob that she was starting to give me. Beneath her gorgeous face I could see Kelli's massages massaging the two stunning globes of hot tit flesh as her thumbs and fingers teased Kris's nipples to an unbelievable erect state. I was blown away looking at these two beautiful women beneath me with their young hot bodies moulded into one as they pleasured each other and me at the same time. The sensation of Kris's smooth throat sliding over the excited head of my cock was becoming hard to bear as I revelled in the way my second most popular fantasy was coming true right here on the end of my excited cock.

The incredible feelings of Kris's mouth on my meat and the sight of Kelli massaging her tits was just too much and my balls started to join the party by wanting to spray my hot cum down Kris's throat in several upcoming spurts. As much as I was enjoying the amazing blowjob, I wanted to feel Kris's stunning tits around my prick; I wanted to wrap her hot rolling globes around my meat and fill her amazing cleavage with my boiling seed.

Gently I gripped the back of Kris's bobbing head so I could carefully withdraw my swollen cock from her hot mouth. Kris's eyes looked at me questioningly as I started to ease out of her.

"I want to fuck your amazing tits," I instructed coarsely.

Kris understood and eased her lips apart, allowing to me pull my meat out. I bent my knees slightly and Kris knelt up so my prick was level with her erect nipples as Kelli eased Kris's tits apart in her cupped hands. As my swollen cock touched Kris's chest it left a smear of precum on her hot flesh before Kelli eased Kris's hot mammaries together again wrapping them around my sensitive twitching cock.

I stood stock still using all of my will power to try to prevent my cock spraying my seed all over those stunning tits there and then. Kelli rolled the flesh of Kelli's tits all around my cock in a truly amazing sight. I knew I couldn't last much longer so I reached down to grip Kris's shoulders as I started to rock my hips backwards and forwards, thrusting my swollen aching cock into the folds of hot cleavage, coating it with my lubricated cock head as I went. 

Kris groaned out loud as her senses were assailed by Kelli's fingers & thumbs assaulting her tender erect nipples; whilst my meat rodded the tight valley of her heaving tits.

"I can't hold on any longer," I loudly proclaimed to my kneeling wenches as my balls reached boiling point and my prick swelled that little bit more to prepare to shoot my wads of seed forth.

Kris opened her mouth in preparation and Kelli grinned up at me she continued to roll Kris's tit flesh over my thrusting length.

The swollen head of my cock flashed briefly out of the top of the folds of cleavage several times before my balls let go charging my cock with cum which it pumped at an unbelievable pressure through its length before exploding from the now sensitive tip of my meat. The discharge of the first powerful spurt coincided with the head of my shafting cock breeching the folds of flesh so a string necklace of cum shot upwards into Kris's open mouth in one of the most amazing sights I have ever seen in my life.

But there was more ........ lots more.

The second powerful surge from my balls and out the head of my cock sprayed upwards to coat Kris's nose, lips and chin with splashes of hot creamy cum that hung on her stunning features of her beautiful, now cum splattered, face.

"Oh fuck, YES, "I cried out loud as I revelled in the sight, and shot another two less powerful spurts of cum upwards. These spurts arched before falling down to splash over the hot flesh of her heaving tits.

Suddenly Kris shook her body & tits around my now sensitive cock as another mini orgasm shook her beautiful body; all the time Kelli supported her against her own body and held her upright by her tits.

Kelli's chin rested on Kris's shoulder as she looked down on Kelli's cum covered breasts that surrounded the purple swollen head of my cock now standing stationary between the flesh as I gulped in air to remain upright. My eyes and head were spinning with the enormous sense of relief I was feeling. I had quietly watched the two women make love to each other, and then managed to hold it all together as the pair of them turned their attentions to me, before having the most amazing blowjob & tit fuck of my life. I was just blown away, dazed & stunned as I stood there.

I might have been finished, for now, but Kelli wasn't by a long way. She continued to support Kris by her breasts as Kris finished the orgasm triggered solely by her tits. Then once Kris sagged back into Kelli's arms, her energy temporarily wasted; Kelli gently eased Kris backwards down onto the carpet so Kris was lying on her back with her knees pulled up. Kelli and I both stared as Kris's cum splattered heaving full tits eased apart and lay on her chest as Kris gasped for air as we watched the hot flesh ripple in response to Kris's heavy breathing.

Kris looked both beautiful and very vulnerable at the same time as she lay there panting and trying to recover her breath. If I had the energy I would have dropped to the floor then and there to push her knees apart and head straight for her glistening pussy. I didn't have the energy, But Kelli did have. She also had the need to gain further pleasure for herself.

Kelli turned sideway's pushed Kris's knees apart and dropped forward. She surprised me, I thought she would go for Kris's now spread and venerable pussy; but instead she climbed onto Kris and worked up over her body to reach Kris's face.

As soon as she had straddled Kris's panting body she quickly kissed Kris full on the lips before easing upwards slightly to lick my cum off Kris's nose. From where I stood it looked highly erotic watching two lovely young women sharing my cum, how can I describe that sight – mind-blowing; sensational, fucking amazing? None of those adjectives do the scene or Kelli & Kris justice.

Once Kris's nose was clean their lips met and they shared the cocktail of my cum as their tongues searched each others hungry mouths. The cum that had splashed across Kris's tits now acted as a lubricant between their breasts as they rubbed their bodies together in increasing passion. To my surprise Kelli again took the lead and broke the kiss and her tongue trailed over Kris's chin and neck lapping up stray splashes of creamy, still warm, spunk. Then her mouth reached Kris's tits, and Kris arched her back high off the carpet as Kelli's tongue tantalised every nerve ending in her breasts as it worked it's way back and forth across her skin; slowly heading down towards her nipples.

As Kelli had slid lower down Kris's prone body her arse had ridden up high as she knelt between Kris's spread thighs. I was drawn to the sight of her tight curved buttocks as they swayed in a slow movement to match her lapping of Kris's tits. I knelt along side of Kelli's hips so I could continue to watch her administrations to Kris's heaving tits whilst I ran my hands over Kelli's slim waist and hips. Kelli was slim, almost bony as I ran my hands down to cup her taut buttocks, a totally different feeling to Kris's full, fleshy womanly arse from earlier.

Kelli groaned & wiggled her arse in appreciation to my firm massage as my hands spread her cheeks wide to highlight her puckered ring above her still dripping pussy lips. I teased her by running a finger down from her waist, between her stretched cheeks, over her puckered ring and down until they automatically eased her excited and swollen pussy lips apart.

"Rub me," I heard her pant as she continued to clean my remaining cum from Kris's tits. Using my forefinger and fourth finger I spread her lips slowly apart before easing my middle finger into the juice filled hot pussy that danced on the end of my finger. Kelli thrust back, driving my finger hard and deep into her excited snatch; leaving my thumb to slide up and down her crack, rubbing over her ring. Kelli was bringing herself off on my finger so I adjusted my position so I was behind them and I could look under Kelli's upturned thrusting arse and see Kris's honey dewed pussy between her spread thighs. What a fucking amazing sight as I feasted my eyes on the pussies of two truly stunning young women. I desperately wanted to be eating Kelli out while fucking Kris; but that wasn't possible from my current position. To be honest I didn't know what to do next. I wanted to continue finger fucking Kelli but it seemed a waste not to be able to pleasure Kris in some way at the same time.

"Thrust your arse high into the high Kelli," I instructed, and she willingly responded. This allowed me to bring my mouth down to her swollen pussy and rest my nose tight in between her spread buttocks.

With Kelli being so slim I was about to find out if the metaphor "The closer to the bone, the sweeter the meat" was true or not. I love eating, whether it is food or pussy; and I stretched my tongue out so I could make a meal of Kelli's pussy from the rear. I eased my finger out of her pussy, much to her disappointment, but quickly replaced it with my long lapping tongue. Kelli groaned into Kris's tit flesh as her buttocks thrust backwards hard against my tongue & face.
