 The arse of my dreams was there on the carpet, stuck up in the air with a glistening pussy slung underneath it, trapped between two hot thighs of someone I would dearly love to fuck.

And here was my opportunity as Kris swayed her arse around in circles as she teased me mercilessly, knowing that I desired her, lusted after her; and dearly wanted to fuck the arse off her. And now I had the opportunity.

I wasn't going to pass up what could be a once in a lifetime opportunity, and I needed to make the most of that opportunity right now before I shot my load of hot cum all over her arse.

With her head buried between Kelli's thighs, and her knees pulled in close to her body; it made her buttocks stretch apart giving a fantastic view of her sodden pussy and the winking puckered hole that seemed to be crying out 'Finger me, finger me.'

I dropped to my knees and gripped the underside of her pear shaped buttocks in my appreciative hands. They felt so warm, tender, welcoming, firm; and best of all ..... all mine. I cupped and massaged the firm flesh so I could see the way it squashed & then pulled her pussy lips.

Kris groaned out loud in appreciation from deep between Kelli's spread thighs. Less than a minute later Kelli was groaning out loud as well, no doubt on the end of Kris's tongue.

"Please be gentle Kris, my pussy is so tender ...... Please be gentle with me," she begged out loud, desperation in her voice. Kris must have heeded her words and respected her new lover's wishes as over the new few minutes all that could be her from Kelli was soft moans and gentle intakes of breath.

I looked down in utter amazement at the sight beneath me. Kelli was laid back on the carpet, her arms pushing her tits together into a lovely cleavage as she ran her hands through Kris's hair in case she needed to pull her off her now tender, swollen pussy. Kelli's thighs were spread wide either side of Kris's flowing ringlets as they draped over the supple flesh of her thighs. Between her thighs I could hear Kris gently kissing, licking, & lapping at Kelli's mound, pussy & thighs. Continuing my look down I could see the sweep of Kris's curved shoulders as she rested on her elbows with her hands cupped under Kelli's arse holding her lips against Kelli like a limpet mine of old. The smooth, light tanned skin of Kris's back was immaculate & inviting as it swept up to her waist & gloriously shaped hips. Her hips rounded out into two pear shaped buttocks that would make any man want to devour them like a cannibal. Her thighs swept down to the floor where she knelt with her lovely calves reaching out towards me on the floor, tipped by her trim feet buried into the carpet.

Guys, can you picture such a stupendous scene? It is the stuff that every teenage wet dream was ever made of ........ and probably some more mature ones as well.

Ladies, have you ever dreamt of making tender love to another woman in just the way that you would enjoy having done to yourself? and also having the best of both worlds by having a spunk charged, rock hard cock just inches from entering your already excited & dripping pussy? Having that musky aroma of female pussy drifting through your nostrils as you lovingly lapped at the swollen lips of your succulent lover's puss;y as you massaged the cute, tight, globes of her buttocks in your hands? As they say on the TV ads for the lottery here in New Zealand, "How good would that feel?"

I reluctantly had to take my hands off her buttocks as I so needed to fuck her ....... But first I ran my middle finger lightly between her pussy lips, the full length of her slit.

"God, that felt so nice," Kris purred, "I'm ready for you."

I didn't need any second invitation ..... to be honest, I didn't really need the first either as ever since she had stripped naked I knew I was going to fuck her before she left the room tonight.

The arse of my dreams was just two inches in front of my rock hard cock as I eased my hands firmly over her buttocks making her pussy wink at me for the last time as I nudged the head of my cock up against her warm lips for the first time and gently gripped her rounded hips to steady myself.

I rested the swollen head of my cock against her lips, easing them apart slightly as my eyes continued to feast on the sight of two gorgeous female bodies in front of me and I thought for the hundredth time that evening, 'You lucky, lucky bastard."

Kris's head eased up from between Kelli's thighs as she huskily demanded "Stop teasing me for Christ sake; are you going to fuck me with that cock of yours or just play with me all night?"

I smiled and released her hips as I slid my hands under her to search out her swinging breasts. As my fingers took two very swollen & tender nipples into my hands & squeezed; I thrust forward so my cock pierced her pussy like an arrow straight on target; and I breathed "Both, in answer to your question."

"OH GOD," Kris cried out in a mixture of pleasure and pain as I lanced deep inside of her and hauled her backwards towards me by her nipples.

"Fuck yes," I groaned in absolute pleasure and appreciation as her arse slammed into my thighs. I was buried up to the hilt in my favourite receptionist's pussy, with the swollen buds of her nipples trapped between my fingers as I abused her stunning body for my own selfish pleasure; but Kris didn't seem to mind too much. Then she brought her pussy muscles into play, and boy did they want to play as I stayed still deep inside of her. She was unbelievably tight and unbelievably wet. But she stroked, massaged, and squeezed my hard length inside of her making my eyes roll around in utter amazement and bewilderment; before she shook her hips as a rapid, but short orgasm pulsed through the lower half of her body. Her juices flooded around my prick as she pulsed around my length. Folks, I was so privileged to be buried to the hilt in such a beautiful and amazing woman.

"Now finish me off properly if you can," she demanded in a challenge to my manhood.

I was determined that I could match or beat the satisfaction & enjoyment that she was obtaining from administrating to Kelli. I was just too far gone to last a long time, but she was going to get a quality fucking.

Reaching under her some more I stretched out both hands to grip as much of her tits in my hands as possible, at the same time pushing her erect nipples back into her firm breasts. Gently I eased my hips back until just the head was still inside her, then I weaved my hips around, up & down as I teased and explored the entrance to her cavern of dreams. Then I slowly slid into her to the hilt again making sure I could feel every millimetre of her pussy as my length rubbed against the walls of her pussy. She was still tight and oh so hot despite the number of orgasms she had enjoyed so far tonight. To be honest I was just savouring the exquisite feelings for myself; I wanted to be able to remember the touch of every inch of her body from tonight. I wanted to know that when I saw her fully dressed behind her reception desk that I would be able to imagine & remember the feelings of her skin hidden under her smart work clothes. Maybe I would get the chance to get her naked again in the future, maybe even take her to her own bed! But for now I wanted to enjoy this amazing woman lodged on the end of my prick. Then I withdrew again before sliding back full length into her, feeling the cheeks of her stunning full arse absorb the gentle force of my hips coming down onto her and my balls pressing hard up against her spread pussy as I reached the end of my stroke.

Several minutes of slow sensual fucking had us both groaning out loud and our heart rates increased; and our breathing became pants of much needed air to feed our bodies. The feel of slapping my hips down onto her buttocks and watching the energy dissipate through the hot flesh made me want her so much, to take control of her body, to slam my meat up to the hilt inside her, to massage her firm breasts hard against her chest; to tease & tantalise her bullet hard nipples. Folks, I was definitely in heaven.

Now it was time for some serious, hard fucking of this amazing, sexy woman. I placed my hips into park tight against her arse for a couple of minutes while I played with her tits, teasing and tugging on her nipples; making her squeal out loud and grind her hips back onto my buried length.

"Stop teasing me and fuck me now," Kris demanded, and Kelli looked up & smiled as she felt Kris's fingers sink into her own thighs for support when I slammed forward into Kris's rear.

Holding and squeezing her hot globes I eased my hips back for the final slow slide in her pussy, taking the head of my cock right to the edge of her lips; Kris grunted thinking I was pulling out of her; but then I slammed forward. Her arse rippled as she absorbed the force and her face dropped back down between Kelli's thighs again. Tugging on her tits I slammed in and out of her, taking in a fresh intake of breath with each withdrawing stroke. As the speed of my fucking increased so did my breathing as I expended energy fucking the arse off this unbelievable lover. Kris's juices coated & cooled my prick as her pussy became looser under the onslaught of my slamming length of meat. I hunched down a little more to alter the angle to increase the friction as I fucked into her, feeling the head of my prick slide along the top side of her pussy. The air was filled with the sounds of an orgasm of fucking and pussy licking, groans, sighs, whelps of pain & pleasure reverberated off the walls & ceiling.

I couldn't hold out much longer; the sensations felt through my cock and my hands of the lovely Kris was just too much. Looking down at my hips slapping into the cheeks of her magnificent arse, and the sight of Kris's head buried between Kelli's thighs was again too much. My cock felt fit to burst as it swelled & throbbed in its final few fucks deep into her cunt. My balls heaved out wads of spunk as ammunition for my cock to shot hard and deep into Kris. My cock sprayed wads of hot cum to coat her pussy as I slammed deep into one last time and pulled down hard on her nipples, stretching her tits cruelly to take her over the edge.

Kris screamed out loud as her arms wrapped around Kelli's spread thighs and her head shot upwards in automatic reaction to her back arching and her arse thrusting hard back against me. Her pussy just creamed & creamed floods of juices around my pulsating prick which was awash in the fruits of our excited bodies.

I must have been so excited, so spaced out by this experience as it seemed to last forever. Looking down I saw Kelli wrapping her arm & legs around Kris to support her through her orgasm as one caring lover to another. After the third spurt of cum I was spent and I sagged forward over Kris's still heaving body and we both pressed down onto Kelli in our mutual ecstasy of orgasm.

Fuck, I was so fortunate to be in this position atop two stunning lovers with my swollen prick buried upto the hilt in one of them.

Slowly I pushed up off Kris and slid out of her well fucked pussy; before sitting back on the carpet to admire Kelli & Kris. Kelli pulled Kris in tight and hugged her long & hard as she came down from our shared orgasm & threesome. Slowly we regained our senses and breath. 

A few minutes later Kelli gently rolled Kris off her and came over to me. She bent down to kiss me passionately on the lips as she gently pushed me backwards down onto the carpet. Slowly she kissed her way down my chest until she came to my semi hard juice covered cock. Gently she lifted it upright and lowered her warm mouth over my glands. I nearly died of an electric shock as my sensitive nerve endings rebelled at this amazing feeling. Slowly, so very slowly and tenderly she started to lick & taste the juices on the head of my cock. Her breath felt cool compared with my super heated cock as she administered first aid to my well fucked member. I ran my fingers through her hair as I groaned out loud "Gently my lover, be gentle."

Kelli was a first class nurse to spent cocks as she slowly cleaned up the length of my cock enjoying the cocktail of juices that coated its softening length.

I just lay there, as happy & contented as a pig in shit. I was thoroughly wasted, totally spent, but grinning like a Cheshire cat as I had certainly had the cream of my two lovers tonight.

Eventually Kelli released my cock and climbed up my body to kiss, snuggle and share our mutual heat together. After a couple of minutes Kris crawled up behind me and pushed her tender, abused breasts into my back as we hugged tight together, a mass of sweating, spent, but content bodies.

Typical male, I nearly fell asleep, but I was jolted back to life as I heard Kelli whisper in my ear "You haven't cum inside of me yet."

'Jeez," I thought, 'bloody youngsters always demanding more.' I didn't think I had another fuck left in me as I smiled inanely back into her sweet, beautiful, young face.

Finally I eased Kelli off my chest and climbed to my feet to fetch some drinks for ourselves. I got a bottle of wine each for the girls and a bottle of beer for myself.

"You dirty old man," Kelli laughed out loud, "are you trying to get us pissed so you can have your wicked way with two young girls?"

Kris laughed and I looked like a stunned mullet.

"Once I'm pissed are you going to fuck me and cum deep inside of me?" Kelli asked.

'Fuck, I don't believe this,' I thought, 'does she think I am fucking superman?'

Kelli climbed to her feet with her bottle of cold white wine in her hand and extended her hand down to Kris, "Come dance with me some more while he recovers."

'Fucking hell, she is serious,' I thought, 'what do I do now?' I am in my early forties and there was no way I had another stiffy left in me to fuck this young lass, let alone fill her with cum. Taking a long pull on my beer I was desperate for inspiration.

Then I remembered that Mike, who is my age, was giving Carol one, in accounts. I left the boardroom and walked naked through the office, laughing to myself at the distinctive change in appearance from my normal office attire. Once in Mike's office I had a rummage through his desk drawers and his filing cabinet. I laughed even harder when I found what I was looking for taped to the back of his wife's photo on the bookcase – a packet of Viagra, along with a packet of condoms; I left the condoms in place. Stopping off at the water cooler I washed down one of his stolen tablets and headed back to the boardroom.

On my return I found both girls dancing together with their arms wrapped around each other, each with a bottle of wine gripped in their hand behind each others back. Their slow dancing alternated between long hard snogs on each other's lips, and long pulls on the bottles of wine. I was amazed to see that they were each half way down the bottle. I admired the sight as I took a long pull on my beer to ensure the tablet was fully washed down – I didn't want it stuck in my throat and ending up with a stiff neck!!!!

Putting my beer down I joined my lovers for a slow dance while I waited for the tablet to kick in. Standing alongside them I leaned in to kiss each of their cheeks as my hands reached each side to grip a buttock in each hand. Kelli's was small, firm, tight and curvy as my fingers arched into the bum cleavage. Kris's on the other hand was large, reasonably firm, and large enough to massage in small circles; my fingers unable to reach the crack of her arse. They both released one arm to loop it around my neck so that we danced as close as possible. Fortunately Kelli didn't smack the back of my head with the bottle as it came around my back. Then the girls moved tight together, squashing their excited & tender breasts together. I looked down at Kris's full breasts swamping Kelli's perky tits, but it had the desired effect and I felt life returning to my prick. As we danced for the next ten minutes blood started to flow back into my cock, swelling it into a thicker length, but far from stiff.

Kelli broke her latest snog with Kris and reached between them to take my cock into her hand.

"Not quite ready for me yet," she announced.

I had a cure for that as I stepped tighter to my dancing partners. This increased my reach and I was able to run my fingers down the crease of their arses as I curled my fingers down and around to search out the pair of sweet pussies that I wanted to invade. My fingers were wet with their juices before I eased between the swollen lips of two honey pots. I couldn't believe my great fortune as they sank into their juice drenched hot love tunnels. Both girls groaned into each others mouths as they continued to snog each other. Kelli started to smile as she felt my meat start to harden in her hand. Slowly she started to wank the length of my cock as I slowly and very gently started to frig their pussies. But after a couple of minutes Kelli released my cock and reached down to my wrist to extract my finger from her pussy, much to my disappointment on both scores. But then she dropped to her knees to take my semi hard length deep into her throat.

"God girl, that feels so good," I praised as her tongue licked along the sensitive skin of the underside of my cock. Then she took me fully in so that the tip of my cock rubbed along the roof of her mouth as it headed towards her throat and the increased friction that would give. Kelli reached behind me to grip my arse and to rake her nails across my cheeks; that made the blood flow back into my cock I can tell you!!

I gave myself to the attention being paid to my loins. Whilst I would have loved to run my hands through Kelli's hair as I fucked her mouth, I had Kris stood before me looking a little forlorn. I reached forward with both hands to gently grip her nipples between my thumb & finger. A long sigh of appreciation escaped her lips as I gradually pulled her towards me so she was tight against Kelli's back and leaning forward towards me. I leant forward as well so I could kiss her incredible mouth while I transferred my hands down to cup and massage her fantastic breasts.

This night just kept getting better and better all the time, from girlie sex to threesome sex to the amazing situation of having one girl sucking heavily on my dick while a busty maiden French kisses me to perfection as I fondled her heaving, full, hot breasts in my welcoming hands!!!!! I was having no problem at all getting hard again with this unbelievable stimulation, although the Viagra was obviously helping a man of my age after two orgasms already. I didn't think I had a third shot in me, but hell, we would have a fun time trying. And I certainly had no objection to Kelli trying hard to suck another cum necklace from my now rock hard prick. My heart was beating fast, whether due to the Viagra or the hot bodies drawing on my tongue and my cock. I had no worry about cumming prematurely in this amazing threesome; if I managed to shoot another load of spunk then I would be immensely proud of myself.

As stunning as Kris's tits were in my hands, I still admired and lusted after her fantastic arse. I gently released one of her breasts and stretched my hand around her to run down her spine and rest at the top of her bum cleavage. I fondled the sensual skin between the base of her spine and the upper slope of her cheeks; thoroughly enjoying the feel of her skin as I consumed her tongue in my mouth and milked the firm breast in my hand. Kelli was now pressed tight between our bodies, unable to move, with my cock embedded tightly into the back of my throat. If I hadn't cum twice already her sucking and beautiful throat would have had me spurting within the first couple of minutes. But the glory of Viagra was giving me endurance and a blood pumped cock that I had never experienced before. 
