 Chapter 05: Dana picks up toys and a night of fun ensues

Kristen and Kelly walked into their apartment, closed the door, and dropped their shopping bags. Kristen took Kelly's face in her hands and gave her a passionate kiss. "Thank you. I can't believe you've got me doing this," she said.

"I can be very persuasive." Kelly said with a wicked grin.

"It helps that you're cute." Kristen replied.

"Cute? Cute? I'm HOT!" she exclaimed.

"Yes, you are." Kristen said and turned to the bedroom.

"Wait. What are you forgetting?" Kelly asked.

"Oh!" Kristen said and pulled her dress over her head. "Better?"

"Much." Kelly said, doing the same.

They took the shopping bags and brought the outfits they'd bought to their rooms. All the toys went to the kitchen.

"Stick them in the dishwasher. They'll be ready by the time Dana gets here." Kelly said.

While Kristen placed the various vibrators and dildos in the dishwasher, Kelly did a little straightening up. They were both very neat, so it wasn't a big chore. They finished their tasks, and sat down on the couch.

"Come here." Kelly said, laying back on the armrest and spreading her legs.

-----

Dana arrived home, closed the door and turned on the light. She was incredibly horny, and rushed to get her stuff together. She wanted to get to Kristen and Kelly's as quickly as possible.

She went to her closet and picked out a sexy outfit for the next day, because she didn't expect to be home. She gathered her toothbrush and other toiletries and threw them in her bag. When she was finished, she took off her dress and began to undo the braids in her pigtails.

She turned on the shower, stepped in and took a quick shower. After she dried off, she pulled the dress back on, then worked on her hair. A short while later, her luxuriant, long black hair was hanging straight and spilling over her shoulders. She pulled on her shoes, gave a quick pose in the mirror.

"Now the hard part..." she thought as she looked over her collection of sex toys. She picked up the Feeldoe that Kelly had asked her to bring, then looked at the rest. "Take the restraints? Yeah, you never know." They went into the bag. A collar and two leashes followed, along with several vibrators. As a quick afterthought. She grabbed some batteries.

Her tasks finished, she picked up her bag and headed out the door.

----

Kristen and Kelly got out of the shower, and performed their own beauty rituals. 

"I wonder what Dana's boss has in mind." Kristen said.

"Well call her tomorrow and find out. It could be fun. I'm just glad Dana didn't get fired." Kelly said.

"Yeah, this all harmless fun. I'm glad as well."

---

Dana got out of her car and looked up at the high rise apartment building. Tenth floor, corner apartment, Kelly had told her. She walked to the door, and rang the buzzer for the girls' apartment.

"Hello?" a tinny voice came through the speaker.

"It's Dana." she replied.

"Great! Come on up!" came the reply as the door buzzed.

She opened the door, and walked through the lobby to the elevator bank. There was a "ding!" as an elevator opened. She walked towards it, and then stepped out of the way as a couple stepped out. They looked at her outfit in surprise, but kept walking. She stepped in, and pressed the tenth floor button as the door closed.

She suddenly had a wicked thought, and quickly pulled the dress over her head. She stood naked in the elevator car, watching the floor numbers change. When it reached the eighth floor, the bell went off and the car stopped. "Oh no!" she thought, panicking for a second.

The doors opened as she cringed in anticipation.

----

"What's taking her so long?" Kristen said as the both moved around nervously. 

"I don't know. She'll be here soon." Kelly replied.

They stood at the door waiting, with barely held in anticipation.

---- Dana stood there frozen, her mouth slightly open. The young woman looked up, then her eyes widened in surprise. 

"Oh! I'm sorry, I'm going down!" she said.

Dana smiled weakly, furiously pressing the button to close the door. When they shut, she laughed nervously. "Me too Baby, me too..." She said out loud.

The door opened on the tenth floor, and Dana poked her head out, looking both ways. She began muttering "this is a stupid idea..." as she walked down the long corridor to Kristen and Kelly's apartment. She jumped a little when a door far down the other end of the hall opened. She sped up, glancing over her shoulder to see if she was going to get caught again.

A guy walked down the hall, staring intently at his phone. He reached the elevator and absently pushed the button, never looking up.

She reached the apartment door, trying to move quickly and quietly. She gave a small knock, not wanting to attract the guy's attention. No answer. A little louder knock. "Come on...." She whispered. "Bad idea. Bad bad idea." The door opened and both Kristen and Kelly squealed at her appearance.

Nervously glancing towards the elevators, she saw the guy disinterestedly glance their way as she quickly jumped in the entrance and out of sight.

"What's a bad idea?" Kristen asked in a small voice.

"No, not you guys. This." She said, gesturing at her naked body. "I decided to ride up the elevator this way, to give you a surprise. I ended up surprising one of your neighbors on the eighth floor."

The girls all laughed and came forward to give her a hug.

"Perhaps we should close the door, unless you're inviting everyone?" Kristen asked.

"Well there's an idea!" Kelly said, closing the door behind her.

Kelly took her bag, and they led her into the living room. 

"This is nice!" Dana said, looking around at the comfortable apartment.

"Thanks, it should be, for what it costs us!" Kelly replied. "Would you like a drink?"

"Yes please, something strong." Dana replied as she sat on the couch.

Kelly returned in a couple of moments with a bottle of bourbon and three shot glasses.

"Strong enough?" she asked.

"Oh yes, that will work." She took a small sip from her glass, and felt the liquor burn it's way down her throat. Dana sat in the chair opposite the couch and has a drink.

Kristen came into the living room bearing a tray. She set it down on the coffee table. "Well that's our collection. What toys did you bring?" she asked.

"Take a look." Dana said.

Kelly reached down and opened Dana's bag. She began pulling out various toys, smiling when she came to the Feeldoe. She found a collar and two leashes and raised an eyebrow. When she pulled out the restraints, she gave Dana a pointed look.

"Well, you never know..." Dana remarked.

"Yes..." Kelly said.

"How did you end up working at Eve's Boutique?" Kristen asked.

"Well, I really like sex, what can I say? When I moved to the area, I was looking for a fun job, and it seemed to fit the bill," she replied.

"I never would have thought of it. I just have a boring office job." Kristen said.

"It's only as boring as you make it." Kelly said.

"True, I guess. In any event, we're so sorry you almost got fired. Was your boss really pissed?"

"At first, mainly because she thought I'd stolen the merchandise, and it was a big surprise to see how I was dressed. I almost had a heart attack when I had to turn my back to her."

Kelly snickered. "It is a nice jewel, though," she said.

"Yes, I like it." Dana replied.

"We're still wearing ours too," Kristen said, turning and bending to show her princess plug to the room.

"And they look awesome! In any event, Eve is great. Once she saw the video and the sales totals, she completely changed her mind. I even got a raise!" Dana replied.

"Uh... video?" Kristen said hesitantly.

"I'm sorry! I completely forgot about the security cameras until Eve started watching them. I couldn't exactly erase them before she got there anyhow, because she would have wondered what happened."

"I just hope they don't end up on the Internet..." Kristen said.

"Eve's not like that. It'll be fine." Dana said, putting as much confidence in her voice as she could muster.

"So, should we take her up on her offer?" Kelly asked.

"I hope so! I don't know what she'll propose, but I think it will be a good deal for everybody. It was so much fun earlier, it would be great to do that more often." Dana said. "I guess owning a sex shop gives somebody an open mind. I think you should."

"Well, we'll give her a call tomorrow, and see what she has to say." Kelly said noncommittally.

Kristen sat on the couch next to Dana, placing a hand on her knee. She leaned forward and gently pulled. Dana cooperated by opening her legs, exposing her cleanly shaven pussy, the piercings glowing in the warm living room light. Kristen lightly traced her fingers along Dana's inner thigh, eventually reaching her bald mound. She took one of the labia rings and gave it a gentle tug, then adjusted her position so that she could get better access. Using both hands, she pulled the labia rings apart and began licking from the base of her slit up to her clitoris.

Kelly sat in the chair, watching as her roommate and their new friend got better acquainted. She leaned forward and chose a small vibrator from the tray, and sat back in the chair. She turned on the vibrator and pulled her feet up so was sitting with her legs spread. Pressing the vibrator into her clitoris while she pinched her nipples, she watched as Kristen enthusiastically went down on Dana, ass in the air.

She turned off the vibrator and squatted next to the tray. She picked up the Feeldoe, and carefully inserted the bulbous end into her vagina, feeling the small protrusions at brushing against her swollen and sensitive clitoris. Once she was sure it was in place (and so full with the princess plug filling her anus), She walked around the coffee table and put her hand on Kristen's buttock. While she reached around to play with Kristen's clitoris, she began lifting her at the waist, until she got the idea and put one foot on the ground. 

Kristen gasped in ecstasy as she felt Kelly slowly enter her from behind. The shaft of the Feeldoe felt amazing as it entered. She could feel it pressing against the princess plug through the thin walls, and the wave of pleasure made her stop licking Dana's pussy for a moment. Her knees became weak as Kelly continued fucking her while manipulating the plug. At the same time, Dana began holding her head closer to her sex.

"Don't. Stop," Kristen gasped, as she buried her face in Dana's soaking mound. Kelly picked up the pace, feeling her own pleasure from the round bulb firmly implanted in her sex. The small nubs continually rubbed against her clitoris, sending electric shocks with every contact.

Dana shuddered and let out a series of yelps as an orgasm rolled through her. She pressed Kristen's face to her mound, gasping as her muscles tightened and released. In a moment she released her grip on Kristen's hair, and began stroking her cheek. She looked over Kristen's shoulder and watched Kelly pump into her, eyes closed and a look a transcendent joy on her face.

Kristen began gasping as the tempo increased. Suddenly Kelly stopped and reached around to rub Kristen's clitoris. With her other hand, she started pulling on the princess plug, working it in and out against the still-inserted Feeldoe. She slowly pulled it out, rubbing furiously. When Kristen's sphincter finally released the plug, she came, explosively. Kelly began slowly pumping again, and soon Kristen's knees began failing her. She slowly pulled herself off the purple phallus, and collapsed on the couch between Dana's legs.

"Oh that was good..." Kristen said. 

"Oh yes..." Dana concurred. "But we should give Kelly some help."

Kristen lifted her head, looked back at Kelly and smiled. "Glad to."

She pulled herself up from Dana's lap and patted the space between them. "Care to join us?" 

Kelly sat down eagerly, bouncing a little bit. The Feeldoe began wobbling between her legs. Dana and Kristen pulled her legs apart and the both took a nipple in their mouths. Dana kissed her way down Kelly's body, and soon took the end of the Feeldoe in her mouth. After a moment, she took it from her mouth and said "Oh Kristen, you taste so good..."

Kristen smiled at her and turned her attention to Kelly's neck and mouth, while rolling a sensitive nipple between her fingers. Kelly moaned and began reaching for her. "No, it's your turn," Kristen whispered.

Dana broke away and picked up a long straight vibrator. She turned back to Kelly and removed the Feeldoe. She turned on the vibrator and pressed it to Kelly's clitoris. Kelly arched her back, bringing her pelvis forward. Dana worked the vibrator down Kelly's slit, and was soon slowly pumping it in and out. Kristen turned to the table and picked up a small bullet-shaped vibrator and turned her attention to Kelly's clitoris. In moments, Kelly cried out and twitched as wave after wave of pleasure coursed through her body. After a while, she used her hands to push the two girls away. "Stop, it's too intense!" she said with a gasp.

The three girls lay back on the couch, momentarily spent. The warm afterglow and sense of affection kept them quiet. First one, then the other two drifted off into a happy, tired slumber.

Kristen's woke up, feeling stiff and one of her arms was numb where Dana's head lay on it. She gently woke Dana and Kelly up and said "Why don't we take this to Kelly's room, she has a king size bed."

The three girls picked themselves up, gathered the toys and headed to Kelly's bedroom. Kelly turned back and grabbed the bottle of bourbon. "This could come in handy as well," she said.

Kelly set the bottle down on a nightstand, and turned on a small lamp. She glanced at the clock radio, and was surprised to see that it was close to 1:00 AM. She turned to Dana and Kelly and said, "I want to do something to you Dana."

"What's that?" Dana replied.

"Kristen and I are going to fuck you at the same time." She said decisively. 

Kelly reached over, and moved the toys from the bed. She took one Feeldoe, and handed the other to Kristen. "This is why I asked you to bring it."

Kelly and Kristen both inserted their surrogate cocks, while Dana looked on, feeling both horny and a little apprehensive.

"Kristen, lay in the middle of the bed with your legs spread." Kelly ordered.

Kristen complied, a hungry look on her face.

"Get on board, Dana!" Kristen said.

Dana climbed on the bed, and straddled Kristen. She lowered herself down on the purple dildo. Kelly climbed on the bed behind her, and while Kristen thrust into Dana's vagina, she quickly but carefully removed the princess plug. She set it on the nightstand and picked up the lubricant. She squirted some into her hand, and began working it into Dana's anus, finishing off by adding the remainder to the head of the Feeldoe.

She got into position behind Dana and said "slow down a second." When Kristen stopped, she placed the head of the Feeldoe to Dana's sphincter and began to slowly pushed. Dana moaned, not in pain though. An entire evening wearing the plug had loosened her up to the point where the phallus easily slid in. 

"Okay." Kelly said, and she and Kristen increased the tempo. Dana leaned forward, her hands pushing against the wall. The feeling of fullness was intense, more than she'd ever done before. She threw her head back, and felt a tug as Kelly grabbed a large handful of hair. Next came the slap on one buttock, a sharp blow that drew a yelp from her throat. Then the other buttock, followed by a series of others. All the while, Kelly pumped harder into her ass, until with a growl, she urged "Come for me!"

At the words, Dana came explosively, whoofing out breath and shuddering with the feeling. Soon, she collapsed on Kristen's chest, panting. Kelly withdrew, and sat back on her feet. Kristen took Dana's head and pulled her in for a passionate kiss. Breaking it, she said, "you are amazing, you know that, right?"

Dana gave her a peck on the lips, and rolled off her. "Thanks, that was mind-blowing," she said.

Kristen and Kelly removed their toys, and nestled on both sides of their exhausted companion. Kristen reached over and turned of the light, and the three lovers felt into a satisfied sleep.