 Kristen and Rick had been dating for about a year. They both loved each other deeply and although their schedules were hectic, they always made time for each other; weekly dinner dates, followed by late night romps at the local park or sleepovers at Rick's house. No matter what they were doing they always enjoyed the time they spent together.

Kristen and Rick's personalities seemed to click perfectly together. Even Rick's friends Jamie and Tommy couldn't get enough of Kristen. They loved how she always brought a sparkle to Rick's eyes whenever he spoke her name, or how she could make Rick smile when all he really wanted to do was cry, but something was missing. 

One night after work, Rick picked Kristen up from her house and they headed to the little Italian restaurant in town that they frequented quite often for their weekly dinner date. They loved having dinner here. The aroma, the candlelight, the décor; all together created the perfect ambiance. Kristen and Rick ordered a bottle of fine red wine to enjoy with their dinner. They discussed the day's events and their plans for the rest of the week. Kristen's work day had been quite hectic and she was very stressed; so as the two were talking and enjoying their dinner together Kristen had consumed more wine then she normally would have.

As Kristen gazed at Rick she couldn't help but notice that familiar look in his eyes. Could it be the wine? No, she knew that look far to well. Rick wanted her and needed her. His eyes seemed to be burning right through her as he held her hand across the table. His glances went from her eyes down to her extremely large breasts that were very revealing in the low cut red blouse she was wearing this evening. The candlelight projected just the right glow upon them to make Rick's blood flow a little faster. However Kristen knew their night of passion would have to wait because after dinner they had plans to watch the football game together at Rick's house with his best friends Jamie and Tommy. Rick and Kristen finished up dinner and began the short drive back to Rick's place to watch the game. During the drive Kristen gazed at Rick wishing she could have him now. She was not happy that she had to wait until after the game. Kristen was use to getting what she wanted when she wanted it. 

They arrived at Rick's place to find Jamie and Tommy already there waiting for them. Kristen sat down on the love seat while Rick went to grab a beer. She was joined by Jamie in a matter of minutes. Little did Rick know that Jamie and Kristen had hooked up in the past. Jamie still had some feelings for Kristen but never acted on those feelings as to not jeopardize his friendship with Rick. 

As Rick came back from the kitchen he handed Kristen and the guys a beer and sat down on the arm of the loveseat next to Kristen. As the night went on the foursome engaged in conversation and cheered for their team. Kristen had become very intoxicated and hornier by the minute. She was carrying on and laughing at every comment the guys made. In the back of Kristen's mind she had always wanted to have a threesome, but she never dared tell Rick of her fantasy. However, the effects of the alcohol and her need for sex were giving her second thoughts. Kristen tapped Rick on the arm and then seductively whispered in his ear to follow her to the bedroom. He quickly obliged. 

Once in the bedroom Kristen closed the door and pushed Rick onto the bed and climbed on top of his lap. She began to rock back and forth and was enjoying the feeling of his cock growing and the rough feel of his jeans against her clit was exciting her immensely. Kristen then leaned over Rick and kissed him passionately. It was at this time Kristen decided to tell Rick of her fantasy. She whispered it in his ear. Rick looked at her quizzically. He had known idea that she had thoughts or fantasies like this. Rick also had some fantasies of his own. He had always dreamt of seeing Kristen taken by another man as he watched someone have their way with her. Then when he couldn't take it anymore he would join in and please Kristen. Rick and the guys had talked about these things together before. Seeing the want and the need in Kristen's eyes, how could he tell her no? 

Rick instructed Kristen to stay right there and get undressed and told her to begin to play with herself. Rick quickly made his way back to the living room where the guys were still watching the game. Rick began to explain to them what had just happened and what Kristen had just confessed to him. The look on their faces was one of complete shock. Rick then went on to ask the guys to join Kristen and him in the bedroom to help fulfill her fantasy. They quickly got up and followed Rick to the bedroom. As they opened the door there was Kristen completely naked on the bed, slowly caressing her clit and fingering herself just as Rick instructed her too. Kristen could not believe her eyes when she saw the three of them standing there gazing at her. 

It didn't take long for Kristen to get up and kiss Rick. As she was kissing Rick, Tommy came up behind Kristen and pressed himself against her naked body. Oh how he loved how she felt against his cock. Tommy then reached around and began fondling Kristen's breast. She moaned softly, this excited Tommy even more. He then began to squeeze her nipples. Much to Tommy's surprise Kristen commanded Tommy to squeeze harder, as he did, Kristen began to moan even loader. She then wrapped her legs around Rick's hips as to feel his cock against her clit. Rick walked Kristen to the bed and laid her there and walked away. Kristen was confused. Rick then instructed Tommy to kiss Kristen and he did, in the meantime Jamie had already undressed and was in fondling his cock as he watched Tommy and Kristen together. 

Rick and Jamie watched Kristen and Tommy for a short period of time. Tommy was now rubbing his hard cock on Kristen's clit and she loved every minute of it. As he was about to enter Kristen, Rick instructed him to stop and he did. Rick then told Jamie to join in. Jamie was a little nervous and Kristen noticed this. To ease his nervousness Kristen got on all fours and told Jamie to stand in front of her. She then took his cock into her mouth, playing with the head of his cock; teasing him as she loved to do to Rick. Jamie couldn't take the teasing anymore. He grabbed Kristen by her hair and pushed his cock deep within her mouth. This excited both of them tremendously. She loved it when a guy would control her movements while sucking dick. Tommy walked up behind Kristen and knelt on the bed. Kristen's ass looked very inviting to him. While stroking his rather thick cock he began to tease Kristen's ass with it. He wanted to fuck her ass in the worst way. Finally he couldn't take it anymore, the rubbing of his cock on her ass and Kristen's moaning didn't help. Tommy spit on her ass and slowly began to enter her carefully as to not hurt her. Tommy had the head of his dick in Kristen's ass but she wanted more. She slid her ass back on Tommy's cock and took all of him in her ass. Tommy's cock was rather thick and this hurt her slightly but it was a good kind of hurt. 

Tommy could hear Kristen's moaning becoming louder and louder even as she was sucking Jamie's cock. Tommy could tell that Jamie was almost ready to cum so he grabbed Kristen's hair and pulled her off of Jamie's cock and began to bite on her neck while fucking her ass as to give Jamie a minute to calm down. Kristen loved the biting and the feeling of Tommy's dick in her ass. She wanted to cum so bad. She told Jamie to play with her pussy. She wanted her clit played with and she wanted it now. Jamie was more than happy to do so. He rubbed her clit faster and harder, Kristen wanted to explode. Tommy continued fucking Kristen in the ass as Jamie played with her clit alternating between rubbing and squeezing it. Kristen then told Jamie she wanted to fuck him as well. She wanted him inside her in the worst way. Tommy stopped fucking Kristen's ass so She could get on top of Jamie's cock. She sat on him and took him all the way. He felt so good inside her. She was very wet and wanted to cum right now. While Kristen was riding Jamie's cock she allowed Tommy to reenter her ass. "Oh my God," Kristen screamed. She had never been penetrated in this way and had never felt this full. The feeling of both of them inside her, sliding in and out of her ass and her pussy was enough to send her over the edge. 

Rick could tell it was time. He knew his girl and he knew she was going to cum any minute. He stood in front of Kristen and shoved his dick in her mouth. Tommy helped Rick enter her mouth by grabbing Kristen's hair again and pushing her onto Rick's cock. While sucking his cock Kristen loved to look into Rick's eyes. See loved to watch how much she turned him on by pleasing him orally. That did it for Kristen. Seeing the look of pleasure on Rick's face finally made her cum. Every muscle in her body tightened from the pleasure and the strong orgasm she was having. She screamed loudly as they continued to fuck her good and hard while she was cumming. The feeling of Kristen's ass muscles tightening around his cock and her screams of pleasure caused him to cum. He grabbed Kristen by the hips and with a few finally thrusts Tommy had came in her ass. Jamie was also ready to cum. He instructed Kristen to stop riding him and asked her to lie on the bed. He wanted to cum on her large breast. She was so tired that she happily laid there on the bed waiting for Jamie to cum. He blew his load all over Kristen's chest. Rick loved watching Kristen rub the cum all over her tits and her nipples. It excited him completely. He asked Kristen to lick to cum from her nipples and so she did. Now Rick was ready to fuck Kristen good and hard and Kristen knew it by the look in his eyes. She got up on all fours and Rick fucked her pussy doggy style. Kristen came hard again just from having Rick inside her. She loved how he fucked her and that spot that his cock would always hit would always make her cum fast and hard. The two of them came together and ended their night of fulfilling their fantasies.