 Part V The Aftermath

I sat on the edge of Kathy’s bed, my head in my hands, and a sheet soaked with sweat draped over my lap. Kristina had bolted from the room, slamming the door behind her just as I dismounted from her mother. Neither of us had any idea how long she had been standing there, but it really didn’t matter, she had seen enough. 

“She’ll be okay,” Kathy said softly in my ear, stroking my chest from behind me, her gigantic breasts pressed against my back. Her head rested gently against mine, her right cheek on my left shoulder, her right hand caressing my right hip and buttock. 

“Kathy, my girlfriend just caught me fucking her own mother. She ran out of here before we could say anything to her. I don’t think she’ll laugh it off.”

“I didn’t say she would, I said she’d be okay. It won’t happen overnight, but it will happen. Of course, she could come in here and shoot us as well.”

“That wasn’t funny,” I said. 

“I wasn’t joking,” Kathy replied with a slight grin.

I stood up, walking to the bathroom, as Kathy climbed off her bed behind me. Ignoring the light switch, I fumbled in the dark before managing to turn on the cold water. Cupping my hands together, I brought the cool liquid to my face and sighed as it splashed down from cheeks to my chest, and from there, to my cock and thighs. 

Kathy’s arms encircled my waist, and once again, I felt the hot peaks of her nipples burning into my back. One of her hands slipped casually down my abdomen and cupped my balls; the other began to massage my cock as Kathy worked her sopping pussy against my ass cheek. 

“You’re a beautiful man, Kevin. I love men that work out. And your cock is so thick and powerful. I’ve never been fucked so hard in my life.” Kathy licked down my back as I stood leaning against her bathroom sink, and I felt her tits slide down my body, my skin burning along their path. Finally, Kathy’s lips and tongue found their way to my ass, kissing and stroking the cheeks with tenderness and passion. 

Kathy was on her knees, stroking my thighs from behind, before running her tongue quickly right up the slit between my buttocks. 

“Kathy…” I moaned softly, wondering whether I should leave the house immediately, attempt to talk to Kristina, or simply allow Kathy to continue doing what she was doing.

“Shhh, baby, just move your feet back a bit and lean over a bit further.”

“Kathy, we shouldn’t be doing this. Kristina’s probably in her room crying.” Despite my protests, I allowed Kathy to move my body as she wanted, and soon, I felt her soft hands spreading my ass cheeks, her tongue working it’s way around my hole. 

One of Kathy’s hands found my cock, which had sprung to life, and she began to work it up and down slowly, while her tongue stiffened, poised to penetrate me in a way I had only allowed Kristina to do previously. 

“Kathy, what are you…Oh, fuck…” I groaned, as Kathy slipped her tongue deep inside my ass, her hand still working my cock mercilessly. 

I pushed back against Kathy’s probing tongue, listening to the moans of pleasure escaping Kathy’s mouth as she tongue-fucked me.

“Mmm, you like that baby, don’t you? You like it when I lick your ass…” 

All my previous apprehension disappeared, and I turned as Kathy rose to her feet. She led me back into the bedroom, and we stood near the window. I looked down into her beautiful face, still flushed with the glow of orgasm, and she was smiling as I wiped several strands of sweaty hair off her forehead.

“You are so beautiful, Kathy. I wanted you from the moment I saw you.” 

She moved forward and I caught her in my arms, our lips entwining in a hungry kiss. I explored Kathy’s mouth with my tongue, tasting her, drinking from her mouth while exploring the hills and valleys of her incredible figure with my hands. The sweat covering her entire body had left her skin feeling moist and slightly sticky, and her breasts and belly stuck to me as I picked her up and carried her over to the bed. 

Laying her down gently on the edge of the bed, I dropped to my knees, and as I spread her legs, the ripe fruit of her beautiful pussy blossomed before me. I kissed up her thighs, licking the salty skin, breathing in her scent as I neared her sex. Kathy was breathing heavier than she had been, her breasts rising and falling before she squashed them together, creating an incredibly deep, dark valley between her tits. 

“Eat me, baby,” she moaned softly as my tongue burrowed into her soaking wet bush. I spread her open with my fingers, trying to gauge which parts of her sex were the most sensitive. In a barely audible voice, Kathy whispered to me to apply more pressure on her clit, and guided my fingers with her own, showing me the patterns that gave her the greatest pleasure. 

Kathy’s creamy emissions began to dribble on to my tongue, and I felt them roll down into my mouth; the tight walls of her sex clenching me with greater force. Kathy had already cum, and her body began to shake beneath me. When she whispered “just your tongue”, I reached around to clench her cushiony buttocks, which enabled me to hold her in place as I continued driving my tongue into the soft, velvety folds of her pouting sex. 

A strange thought occurred to me as I heard Kathy’s breath grow more ragged and uneven. Gulping down more of her cum, I realized that I was eating the very same pussy that had delivered my girlfriend 19 years earlier, and a new pang of guilt swept through me, even as Kathy’s body began to convulse, and her voice grew louder and louder.

“Keep licking that fucking pussy,” she cried, as the hardened tip of my tongue flickered back and forth across her clit. Another orgasm took hold of Kathy, and her breasts flopped from side to side while her hands gripped me, pushing me down against her raised pelvis. My tongue grew tired, so I held it in place, shaking my head back and forth inside as quickly as I could. 

“Jesus, oh God Kevin, I’m cumming again!!”

Kathy’s pussy was overflowing with juices, and I swallowed as much of the delicious fluid as I could while gripping her buttocks tightly to lock her body down. I looked up for a brief moment to see Kathy sucking hard at her left breast, her other hand pulling the nipple of her other breast straight up in the arm, creating a huge pyramid out of her tit. 

Kathy weighed a bit more than her daughter, and her body was harder to control, although Kristina’s orgasms were much more violent. Where Kristina’s pussy erupted when brought to multiple orgasms, spraying her cum upwards in huge jets of fluid, Kathy’s pussy convulsed, pushing thicker, creamier nectar from her gorgeous blonde flower. Her legs, heavier and thicker than Kristina’s, pushed up against my biceps, which held them down, and eventually, I was forced to let go as Kathy screamed my name again and again. 

I watched her for a moment as her breathing settled down, and her body splayed out flat on her bed, the breasts once again falling to either side of her. Inching up towards her, I ran my tongue along her thighs, lapping up her juices, tasting the very essence of her womanhood with every stroke. I drove my tongue once again into her quaking sex, exploring every musky fold of her smooth hole, drinking down the fluid that was still oozing from her. From there, my tongue went down to her asshole, following the flow of her cum, cleaning her sticky juices from around the puckered rosebud between her large ass cheeks. 

Returning the favor she gave me in her bathroom, I suddenly pushed my tongue into her ass, penetrating her in one strong thrust that made her body shiver once more. I could tell she was exhausted, but my cock was throbbing, and pre-cum had completely covered the thick head of my organ. After teasing Kathy’s ass for a moment, I rose and stood before her, taking in the sight of her incredible body as the shadows of the moonlight danced over ever curve she possessed. Moving on to the bed, I looked down at her beautiful face. She was smiling up at me, and her eyes were glazed over in what appeared to be a drug-induced haze. She could see what I wanted, and dutifully pushed her pillowy breasts together, once again creating an enormous canyon of tit flesh for me. 

I drove my cock deep between her tits, and it completely disappeared. Covering her hands in mine, I began to pound into her heavy bags, my balls slapping against them, sliding along the smooth surface of her skin with every thrust. 

“Oh fuck, Kathy. Your tits are so fucking huge…oh fuck, I wanted to do this to you when I met you. I wanted to pull that fucking dress down and fuck your tits right on your deck…” 

“I would have let you. Come on Kevin, pound those tits, sweetie,” Kathy said threw clenched teeth. “I want you to cum all over my face, baby.”

My orgasm approached quickly, and the sensations of impending climax began to overwhelm every part of my body, before traveling to my balls where they exploded, sending a huge jolt of cum out of the tip of my cock. I released Kathy’s breasts to pump my cock, and she began to beg for my cum, opening her mouth and sticking out her tongue as I aimed for her face. The first blast of my seed was enormous, splashing hard against Kathy’s nostrils, dribbling down over her open mouth. Her pink tongue was sticking out as I milked my cock over her face, another huge blast of cum striking her square in the forehead, another in the left eye, and still a fourth blast right across her face, covering her in a long streak from left temple to jaw. 

Kathy took hold of my cock, and brought it to her mouth, sucking me down as a final spurt of cum splashed against the back of her throat. She swallowed it quickly; her right eye open, watching my face. Her tongue circled my cock, cleaning it completely before she let it go. Kathy then took my balls in her mouth and sucked on them, stroking my thighs as I relaxed on the bed.  

“You are amazing,” Kathy said, crawling on top of me. Our lips met in a kiss, and she brushed the hair back from my forehead, before finally resting her own head on my chest. Her hand caressed my moist skin, as I ran my fingers through the wet ringlets of her silky hair. I brought my arm around behind my head, and eventually, drifted off to sleep, the intoxicating smell of Kathy’s body wafting through the humid air.

A large clap of thunder that rolled across the sky shook me awake the next morning, and the faint sounds of pouring rain thudding against the roof grew louder and louder as I shook off the grogginess of sleep. Kathy was still on top of me, our legs entwined, her breasts squashed against me. Her warm breath drifted across my neck, and I kissed her forehead. 

She looked incredibly beautiful, content, and peaceful as she lay against me, and I caressed her fleshy buttocks, squeezing them gently as she began to stir. Kathy’s room had cooled off considerably, and the curtains billowed out from the window as a strong breeze drifted through the screen. 

I rolled Kathy on to her side, my cock lurching as her breasts drooped down against the bed, and then got up to shut the window.  

“Good morning, baby,” Kathy said, smiling as I turned back towards the bed. She was sitting up, a sheet pulled up to her waist, her heavy breasts jutting proudly from her chest, the bottom swells resting on her forearms. I couldn’t believe how much her smile reminded me of Kristina. My heart sank as I looked at Kathy, and she saw it, opening her arms to me.

“Come here, baby,” she said. “I know you’re upset about last night.” 

“I don’t regret it Kathy, I just hate that I’ve hurt Kristina.”

I crawled beneath the sheet with her, and she held my head against her heaving breasts. She kissed the top of my head and stroked my hair, and my hands nestled between her legs. 

“Kevin, what you have with Kristina is very special. I know that sounds like a cliché, but it’s true. I can see it in both of you when you look at each other.”

“Had.”

“I’m sorry?”

“You said, ‘What I have with Kristina’. It’s now what I had with Kristina, not have.”

“You haven’t lost her, she’ll come around. I know my daughter.” 

“I didn’t even go to her Kathy. She saw me fucking her mother, and then when she caught us, I just went back for more.”

“Well, she’s not the only woman in this house that’s irresistible.”

She kissed my forehead again, and I began to stroke her left breast. Squeezing the flesh in my hands, the skin felt firm and almost rubbery, the indentations of my fingers leaving small marks before the tissue smoothed out again. Kathy eased her body back down on the bed, and I mounted her, parting her thick legs. I drove my cock into her tight, wet sex, as our lips met, and she moaned against me, pulling me harder against her body. I drove my cock into her slowly, riding her body with much more patience and control than at any time the night before. 

We stared into each other’s eyes, lips meeting from time to time before I dipped my head to suck at her distended nipples, engorged with blood. 

“You are so beautiful, Kathy,” I whispered, just as my cock exploded, sending a heavy stream of my seed deep into her womb. Collapsing on top of her, Kathy held me, and I drifted back to sleep while the rain continued to pound away at the roof and windows. 

When I awoke, Kathy was gone. Sliding from bed, I noticed that the shorts I had worn the previous day were draped over a chair next to Kathy’s private bathroom. I checked the pockets hoping for a note from Kristina, but nothing was there. A quick survey of the room indicated there wasn’t anything anywhere that would tell me how Kristina was feeling, and my heart sank, thinking of her lying in bed alone, crying herself to sleep.

I grabbed the shorts and headed into the bathroom. After a quick shower, I dried off, pulled on my shorts, and headed to Kristina’s room. The door was open, the bed was made, and she was nowhere to be found. Kristina’s perfume hung thick in the air, and once again, guilt swept over me in a rapid wave of emotion. I sat on the edge of the bed, looking around the room, and finally spotted a folded piece of lined paper taped to the mirror above her solid oak dresser. 

My name was printed neatly in Kristina’s familiar hand across the front, and a small heart dotted the “i.” I opened it slowly, guessing at the words I was likely to find inside.

‘Dear Kevin,’ the note began. ‘I can’t begin to express what I felt when I saw you and mom making love last night. I always thought that seeing and hearing my mother that happy would bring me great joy, but I never dreamed you would be bringing it to her. I suppose it’s my fault for allowing you to spend so much time with her. She’s very beautiful, and mature, smart and funny, and in a way, I don’t blame you for fucking her. But I won’t blame myself. I love you, though at the moment, I don’t want to see you. I know that you love me; I’ve seen it in your eyes for weeks. When you hold me, I feel as secure as I’ve ever felt. But I need time before we talk about this. I don’t know what your plan for mom is, but you’ve created quite an awkward situation. Please know though, that I do love you, and that I’m okay, for the most part. I’m having lunch with Lisa, and I don’t suspect I’ll be back any time soon. Take care. Kristina.’

Folding the note, I put it in the pocket of my shorts and headed downstairs. Kathy was bent over the dishwasher, putting the previous nights pots and pans away when I walked into the kitchen. She was wearing a long t-shirt, and a thin pair of panties that had ridden up into the crack of ass. I walked up behind her, wrapped my arms around her waste, and pressed my hard cock against her. 

“Mmm, there’s my man,” she laughed. She thrust her ass back against me as my hands crept up shirt to caress her huge breasts. Her nipples were hard, and she moaned my name as her head fell back against me. Her hands moved behind me, and I felt them loosening my shorts, eventually they just dropped to the floor. I kissed her neck, licking her smooth skin, the smell of her hair intoxicating me, driving me again into a frenzy that led my hand to cover her the soft mound of her sex pressing against her panties. 

Kathy reached down and slipped her panties off, and I bent her quickly over the counter. She spread her legs, and I parted her sizeable buttocks, my cock head brushing her pussy lips as it engorged with blood. 

“Fuck me Kevin, I’m so wet for you baby,” she groaned, peeling her t-shirt off. My cock slipped inside her warm, gripping cunt, and soon, I was buried balls-deep within her tight, wet cleft. She pushed back, and I began to pump her from behind, working her greedy pussy with short, quick jabs, that sent her breasts bouncing and her hair flying around her head. 

“That’s it baby, give it to me. Fuck me harder…harder, dammit, fuck that pussy harder.”

The sound of our bodies slapping against each other bounced off the walls and appliances in the kitchen, and I moved over her, my hips snapping wildly, driving my cock deep into the tight recesses of her clutching sex.

“You feel so damn good Kathy, oh fuck, Kathy…” I cried, clutching her breasts from behind. One hand slipped down her stomach to tease her clit, and Kathy cried out, driving her body back against me once more.

“Kevin, I’m cumming,” she screamed. “Oh my god baby, I’m going to cum. Oh god, please keep fucking me, baby, keep fucking that pussy…don’t stop fucking me…”

My own orgasm rapidly approached, and I felt my balls stiffen while her pussy began to spasm around my rock hard cock. As Kathy’s orgasm overwhelmed her, my cock twitched, and a jet of semen pulsed inside her, splashing against the walls of her pussy, mixing with her juices, before a second and third blast exploded from me. I kept pumping her hard and fast, working her distended clit in my fingers until she came once again, showering my hand, and her thighs with a copious load of her own cum. She leaned forward against the counter, her breath slowly returning to normal. 

Both of us began to settle down, and I leaned against her for a moment, before she turned in my arms. We held each other, our lips brushing together before I pulled her tighter against me, taking her tongue into my mouth. I sucked on her probing tongue, tasting her juicy lips, and my hands squeezed her ass tightly.

“You are so beautiful, Kathy.” 

She hugged me, and I ran my fingers through her hair. She looked up at me, and smiled, but a tear ran from her eye.

“What’s wrong?” I asked.

“Nothing’s wrong, everything is right Kevin. I just, I don’t know how this will work. I was so sure that it was nothing more than sex between us, but I see the way you look at me, and I know how I feel. Kevin, I don’t want this to be a one time thing.” 

I hugged her to me again, kissing the top of her head. Once again, the smell of her hair overpowered me, and my cock lurched between us for a brief instant. 

“I know how you feel. Is it possible to love two women at the same time? “

“Maybe so,” she replied. “I will give you up for Kristina, before we completely fall for each other, but I don’t want to.”

“I don’t either.” 

After a final hug, Kathy slipped her panties back on, and I helped her with her t-shirt. It was a size XL, and hung just below her buttocks, but the material stretched between her enormous breasts, and her nipples poked through the flimsy material, even in their softened state. 

“Are you hungry, baby?” she asked as she finished the chore I had interrupted her from. 

“No, actually, I’m good. I need to call in to work though.” 

“So you don’t plan on going in?” she asked, her eyebrows raised. She smiled, and I smiled back, enjoying the glint in her eyes that I hadn’t seen before. 

“No, I think I’m going to take the whole week off. There’s just too much going on, and I needed a vacation anyway.” 
