 Please vote when you finish this story.Also,any feedback is appreciated,good or bad. Thanks,Carrie

Jim and I loved to go for long drives,just spending time together talking, laughing, touching.

We had been planning on going on a picnic,but it was a cloudy day so I didn't think we were going to. Jim came to me and told me to get the things we needed together,because he still wanted to go. We just drove around in the country,stopped at a small town grocery and picked up some steaks,coleslaw and macaroni salad.

It started getting darker and darker and we were beginning to think we would have to head for home when we saw a sign for a park down a side road a few miles from the small town we had just driven through. We turned and when we got there we were delighted with what we found. It was a small park,completely empty and it had a covered shelter with two tables and a fireplace in it. 

Jim grabbed the cooler,I grabbed the picnic basket and we ran for the shelter. Just as we got to it the skies opened up and it began pouring down rain.

Someone had left some wood by the shelter fireplace and Jim began building a fire while I spread a tablecloth out and got out the plates,glasses and silverware. I popped open a beer for Jim ,set it on the floor by him and sat at the picnic table with mine,just watching the rain.

Thunder storms are an aphrodisiac to me. I get very hot and bothered when it storms and today was no different. I stood up and started untying the knot in my blouse and I took it off. I had on a red tubetop and a denim skirt,I had already kicked off the sandals I was wearing. 

Jim picked up his beer and came over to sit next to me. We sat there watching the rain and drinking our beers and he turned to me and said,"I know what storms do to you,Baby. Are you wet yet?" He reached under my skirt and pushed a finger in the folds of my bare,shaven pussy. "Hmmm, I thought so!"

He stood up,picked up the blanket and spread it out on the other table,then pulled me to my feet into his arms. Kissing me deeply,he ran his hot hands down my back and over my ass,making my knees all wobbly. Jim picked me up and set me on the table he had just covered,moving to stand between my legs. He reached down to unbutton the 5 buttons on my skirt and opened it. "Lift your hips baby,let me get this out of here." He pulled it out and folded it,laying it on the other bench with the blouse I had taken off earlier. He then pulled my tube top down around my waist,freeing my breasts,the nipples hardening in the cool air.

"You are so sexy,Baby!" he said as he leaned forward and sucked a nipple between his lips. His nibbling on it made me wiggle on the table and he stepped back and grinned. "You look good enough to eat! MMM, I think I will!" With that said,he pulled something from his pocket and smiled at me as he held up 2 long silk scarves that we often play with. 

"Oh God, Baby! You know how horny I get when it rains and seeing those just makes me want to gush." I held out my hands and he wrapped one around my left wrist,licking the palm of my hand before tying my other wrist,then laid me back,pulling my hips to the edge and had me put my feet on the table next to my hands. He tied my ankles to my wrists.

I was so excited just anticipating what this sexy man was going to do to me and I knew I would cum as soon as he touched me anywhere on my body!

"Oh Baby, you look so sexy,all open and wet for me...your pussy glistening with drops of moistness!" "Jimmmm! I need to cum!! Please help me,make me cum!" I cried out to him,looking him in the eyes as I wantonly begged. Thunder crashed as I moaned loudly.

He smiled and whispered,"I don't know...I like seeing you like this...all wet and wiggly,hot for whatever I do to you!" He suddenly leaned forward and sucked my hard clit in between his lips,his tongue pressing hard on it. I exploded immediately and he continued sucking and nibbling on my hard button,until I came again...moaning loudly,"BABYY! I'm cumming!! Don't stop!Please...don't stop!" He didn't...he continued licking and nibbling while reaching up and pulling on my nipples!"

After a minute,he stopped and stood up,smiling...his face shiny with my juices. "I love it when I can turn you into a quivering, begging sex toy!" 

My eyes were on his hands as he unfastened his jeans,then rubbing his hand over the hard bulge in the front of them. I licked my lips as he pushed them down and his hard cock was free of the fabric. With one push, he filled my pussy completely with his hard cock. Holding onto my knees,he rammed in and out of me,telling me how tight I was,how hot my cunt was and how good his cock felt in my velvety softness. His pace picked up and I knew that he was going to cumm soon. 

His head back and eyes closed he hollered, "Carrie! Get ready...here it cummmmms!!!" He tensed and thrust hard and I could feel his cum spurting against the walls of my pussy. I squeezed him and he groaned out loud again! "Ohhh,Carrriiiee!!" 

A couple of minutes later,after his breathing and heartrate returned to normal,he knelt between my legs and lapped our mixed juices fom my hot cunt,sending me over the edge once more,quivering and shaking as I came again and again!

Jim stood up and untied me,pulling me into a sitting position. I laid my head on his chest and I could hear his heart beating rapidly. He put his hands in my hair and tipped my head back and gently kissed me,then stood up.

"I think the fire is ready to cook the steaks. Are you hungry?" 

"Famished! But not for for beefsteak..." Licking my lips and grinning, "Maybe some tubesteak." I winked.

Jim smiled and told me that I could have that after we had eaten something more substantial. Something that would give us energy.

"I can't wait." I said. I leered at him and then winked. He got the steaks from the cooler,opened them and placed them on the grill rack over the coals. He had pulled his jeans up but left them unfastened. I walked over to him and slid my hand down the front of them. "I can have my dessert first,can't I?" Pulling his jeans down, I didn't give him much time to answer before swallowing him completely. I love to feel his cock get hard in my mouth,the swelling of it filling my throat.He still tasted like me. 

Using my throat muscles, I sucked him deeper into my throat and I almost came just hearing him moan my name out loud. He wrapped his fingers in my hair and began pumping in and out of my mouth. My hands were holding onto his ass,squeezing and kneading his cheeks with my long fingers as he fucked in and out of my mouth.

Soon I heard him groan and felt him tense as he hollered that he was cumming again,then his hot jism was hitting the back of my throat. I backed up a little so I could feel it on my tongue. I moaned around his cock,then leaned back,licking my lips. When I looked up,he was smiling down at me. He pulled me to my feet and kissed me,then whispered in my ear,"Did you know that we have an audience?"

Shocked, I spun around and there,standing in the rain about 20 feet away was a young man in his early twenties,watching us as he leaned against a tree,his cock in his hand.

I motioned to him and told him to come in out of the rain. He stuffed himself back into his pants and walked over,pushing a bike that had been laying on the ground. He pushed it in the shelter and put down the kickstand. 

"I am sorry for interrupting you,but it started raining when I was about a mile away and since I knew there was a shelter here, I thought I would get in out of the rain." He had dark hair and eyes and he looked very fit. 

"Imagine my surprise to see anyone here. I do admit though,it was a pleasant surprise to see you. I have never seen anyone do that...except in magazines."

Jim had turned to check the steaks and asked him if he wanted one. 

"No thanks...my dinner will probably be ready when I get home. My grandmother doesn't live too far from here and I am visiting her for a couple weeks before going back to college. "

Jim laughed and said,"No, I meant a blowjob....Carrie gives wonderful blowjobs as you saw."

I turned to him in surprise. "Do you mean it?"

"Yes,Baby, I mean it. I think it would be so sexy to see you,to watch you suck him off!" Jim grinned wickedly at me,causing me to shiver and smile back.

I turned to the young man and held out my hand, "My name is Carrie and this is Jim. What's your name?" 

"Uhhh, m... mmmy name is Steve," he said and shook my hand,not taking his eyes from my 42DD boobs. 

"Well, Steve? Do you want me to suck your cock?" I said as I walked to him and began rubbing the bulge in the front of his shorts.

Speechless,he nodded his head enthusiastically. I sat on the bench of the table and pulled him to me by the waistband of his shorts, unbuttoning them and pulling them down. His cock sprang free and I stuck my tongue out,licking the head lightly,probing the hole with my tongue before wrapping my lips around the mushroom shaped head,sucking gently. My fingers tickled his balls and I sucked him deeper into my mouth. I could feel him tense and knew that he wasn't going to hold off for very long. I squeezed the base of his cock with my fingers to hold it off for a bit,but I didn't stop sucking. I let go and sucked harder and harder until he exploded into my mouth. Sucking him dry,I released him from my mouth and he stepped back,leaning on the other table, his legs shaking.

"MMMM...delicious!" I said as I licked my lips and wiped a drop of cum from my chin with my fingers. "Want a taste,Honey?" Jim leaned over and sucked my fingers in between his lips,much to the surprise of Steve. "I do think it would have tasted much better from your pussy though." Jim said. 

I had to laugh out loud at the expression on Steve's face .

"Did you like that?" I asked him and he said,"UMM, yes I did!" looking at Jim uncertainly...not sure what to say. 

Jim grinned at him,"My lady is a good cocksucker,don't you think,Steve?"

"Ummm,yessir,she is! That felt great. I have never had my cock sucked before so I don't have anything to compare it to...but God, that was terrific!" Steve blushed as he said this.

"What do you mean you have never had your cock sucked before? Are you still a virgin?" I asked.

"Oh, no Ma'am...I mean, ummm... that I have fooled around with a couple of girls at school but they said that it was disgusting when I asked them to suck me. You didn't act like it was at all!"

He looked embarrassed and he didn't know where to look when he was talking to me because I was still almost naked,the tube top around my waist being the only clothing I was wearing.

"That's because I don't think it is disgusting. I love to suck cock and taste cum. It is sensual to me,so slutty,I guess." 

I smiled at him as I talked. "I have loved it ever since the first time I did it and I am sure that when you meet the right girl,she will love sucking you too."

"W...well thank you!" he stammered as he got on his bike and pedaled away. He looked back and grinned,then almost fell off of his bike when he saw that I had spread my legs and Jim was between them licking fervently. Steve turned around and came back.

"Can I watch you do that,Jim? I have wanted to do that with those other girls but I didn't know how to start or what to do."

Jim grinned and said,"Tell you what. Let's eat these steaks before they burn up and then we can relax and have quite a treat afterwards."

The 3 of us sat and ate and I flirted outrageously with both men,knowing they were probably hard under the table. Well,I knew that Jim was,since I had his cock in my hand while we talked. After we were finished eating, Jim grabbed my hand,led me to the blanket covered table again and lifted me on to it. He had me turn and put my feet on the bench and motioned to Steve to sit beside him. "The best way to learn is by doing it." he said and spread my legs wide,so that my left leg was beside him and my right leg was beside Steve.

"The girls I was with had hair there,Carrie. How come you don't?" Steve asked without taking his eyes from my pussy.

"Jim prefers me to shave it,Steve. That way he doesn't get hair in his mouth when he eats me." I reached down and slid my fingers into myself. "Here. Taste this." I held my fingers out to Steve. He licked them tentatively and then sucked them into his mouth. 

"Mmm...that tastes good. Do all women taste like that?"

Jim answered him."No, every woman tastes different,just like all men's jism tastes different." He opened my pussy lips and peeled back the hood over my clit. "This is the magic button that will set any woman's juices flowing like a river when you suck it gently." He leaned and sucked,causing me to arch my hips to him.

He put his hands under my ass,using his thumbs to hold me open while he sucked,then leaned back still holding my cuntlips open. 

"Here,Steve! Suck on it,lick it,you can feel it get harder when you do." Steve did,but he barely touched me. 

"Oh you can do it harder than that!" I said,smiling at him. He lapped at my clit harder and I felt Jim's thumbs both slide inside of my wet hole. I quivered as I came hard,shaking and trembling.

"Wha...What was that? Did I do something wrong?" Steve cried out and sat back.

"Oh no,you did something very right. I just came and it happened so fast that I couldn't say anything,to let you know I was going to." I said.

Jim leaned down and ran the flat of his tongue from my ass to my hard clit and back again,moving it from side to side as he did.

"Can I try that?", I heard Steve ask and Jim sat back and nodded. Steve did the same thing Jim had done,only not as hard. I grabbed his hair in both hands and pulled him tighter to me. "Harder,Steve, harder!" He pressed harder with his tongue and Jim also leaned in. Feeling 2 mouths on my pussy was so intense and I stiffened as I had yet another orgasm. This time I was so lost in the feelings that I blacked out for a few minutes. All I could think of was the heat,the wetness,the incredible vibrations of 2 tongues licking me,sucking me at the same time.

I must have scared Steve because the next thing I remembered was hearing him ask Jim if I was alright.

I heard him laugh as he said,"Yes,she'll be fine...she always does this when she cums real hard!"

"Do all women cum that hard? I mean...when I fooled around with those girls at college,they didn't pass out like that and I definately don't remember them cumming that hard!!" Steve's voice was husky as he asked Jim questions.

"Well...to be honest,Steve, I don't know. I learned a long time ago what to do to Carrie to make her cum like that. Of course,I think it helps that she loves sex and loves to pleasure me too!" Jim grinned. "We play often and plenty,whenever and wherever we can!" I heard him say.

"I noticed! You wouldn't believe how surprised I was when I got here to see an almost naked lady,on her knees,giving a blowjob in the shelter!!" Steve said.

"I hope it didn't offend you that I was stroking myself while I watched? I could see her pussy from behind and she looked so damn sexy, I...I just couldn't help myself."

"Oh,no offense at all..." Jim said. "As a matter of fact,when I saw you standing there,I came down her throat.Just knowing we had an audience was such a turn-on! I know Carrie likes to be watched ,too."

"Wellll...I better get going. My grandma will be worrying about me out in this rain." He lapped at my pussy once more and then got up,shook Jim's hand and left,pushing his bike at first,then climbing on it and riding away.

"Bye Steve,nice to meet you!" I called out, as Jim began licking me again and after a minute or two,he told me to turn over on my hands and knees. I did so,putting my knees on the bench and stretching across the table to hold the other side. Looking over my shoulder at Jim I told him..."FUCK ME...FUCK ME HARD!!"

With one long stroke,he shoved his hard cock into me,getting himself nice and wet. He was fingering my ass at the same time and then suddenly...he buried his hard cock in my outstretched ass!! "OH GODDDDD JIMMMMMM!!" I screamed,"THAT FEELS SOOOO GOOODDD!!! FUCK MY HOT ASS HARD LOVER!!"

Jim pounded in and out of me,reaching under me and shoving two fingers in my wet cunt,his thumb twiddling my clit! I came all over his hands and my twitching cunt made him cummm all over again. I could feel him throb and pulse in my ass as he spent himself in me...in my ass! He collapsed on my back, and I could feel his heart thumping,his breathing, fast and hard.

"Oh Baby! You are so damn sexy!" he said after his breathing returned to normal. He climbed off of me and I sat up,pulling him into my arms,kissing him deeply. "That's because you make me feel that way,lover!" I whispered after we broke off our kiss. I stood up and looked around for my skirt and blouse and spotted them folded on the bench of the other table. I walked over,picked them up and started to wrap my skirt around me.

"Leave them all unfastened but the top one, Carrie." Jim said with a sexy smile.

I did as he asked and put my blouse on after pulling my tube-top back up over my boobs. I tied it at the waist and began packing our picnic things back in the basket. I walked over to the trash can and threw away the paper plates and napkins. I picked up the basket and carried it to the truck placing it inside the truck cap,then returned to get the blanket and tablecloth. Jim made sure that the fire was out,before we walked hand in hand to the truck.

As I settled myself next to Jim,he placed his hand over my mound. "I like having your skirt open like that. I can play with your pussy easier that way on the way home. Who knows? Maybe I will show you off to a trucker or two."

As we were driving home we saw Steve,about 4 or 5 miles down the road. As we passed him,Jim honked and we both waved at him.Then I blew him a kiss. He grinned widely and waved back.

"Baby, I bet he gets a hardon every time he thinks about today. I know I am getting hard again just thinking about it!"

I smiled,nodded my head and rubbed his crotch..." I sure hope so,Baby, I sure hope so!"