 Rainy Day Revelries

The rain hit just before noon. A tropical depression was forming to the east of the island, and widely scattered showers were popping off across the area. The forecast was for the depression to strengthen into a tropical storm over the course of a couple of days, but by that time it would be well away from La Playa. In the meantime, the rain was putting a damper on most of the outdoor activities at the resort.

A few people took advantage of the weather to fuck in the rain, and the bar was filled with people eating, drinking, and making out. The pool and river were closed due to nearby lightning. Julie directed her staff to institute the resort's rainy day plans. An announcement went out over the PA system, informing the guests that the Activities Staff would host an impromptu celebration in the Ballroom. Prizes would recognize the sexiest man, woman, and couple, best outfit (revealing), best outfit (non-revealing), most female orgasms in five minutes, most male orgasms in 20 minutes, and a grand prize would go to the biggest cum slut. The festivites would start at 2:00 PM. Needless to say, after the announcement, the resort was abuzz.

Betsy and Bridget quickly disabused their men of any plans to join the crowd in the Ballroom. The four were a little sunburned and in need of rest, especially after the marathon fucking they participated in at the party the night before. 

"Besides, Bridge and I want some time to each other, and you guys promised you'd let us record you together," said Betsy as she rubbed aloe vera on her pink nipples, the cool gel causing them to pucker and distend. 

"Right," Bridget chimed in. "We've been planning all week to take today to rest up, but nothing says you two boys can't go at each other while Bets and I watch, huh?" 

Len, who was mostly straight and really only went bi to make Bridget happy, was a bit crestfallen. He wanted to see a bunch of women all frigging themselves in the orgasm competition. Charlie, who had proposed marriage to Betsy the first time she revealed her 40DD breasts to him, was more philosophical. He was bi but leaned straight, knew that neither Betsy nor Bridget would really stay out of the pile if he and Len put on a good show, and actually enjoyed the feeling of Len's cock sawing in and out of his ass. The foursome had been swinging together for four years, ever since they had met at a pool party in San Antonio, and planned this vacation together the first time they heard of La Playa. 

"Well buddy, if we gotta, we gotta," sighed Charlie in mock disappointment, trying to cheer up Len. "Pussies rule the world, and you and I are just pawns. Don't worry, I'll let you top me the whole way," Charlie smiled and gave Len's cock a pat through the light shorts he wore. 

"That's the spirit!" cried Bridget. "Hey lover," she smiled coyly at Betsy, "why don't you give the boys a show while I grab the video camera? Len always loves watching you suck your own tits while you play with yourself, and that'll help Charlie get him going." 

Betsy gave her female lover a lurid grin, peeled off the towel wrapped around her waist, laid back on the couch, and applied more aloe to her nipples. 

Len loved watching the chubby little bleached blonde slut put on a show. She knew just how to lock her gaze onto his or any man's eyes, as she pulled on the fat nipples in the middle of her silver dollar aureoles. He thought again, probably for the 10,000th time, how lucky Charlie was to have such a wanton as a wife. 

Not that Bridget was any slouch in bed. In fact, it was quite the opposite. However, Betsy was a true slut. She would suck any cock, lick any pussy, and fuck anywhere, anytime. Len considered that to be the perfect woman. Charlie loved it too, He was proud of his little slut, and felt his cock grow as she reached down with both hands and pulled her pussy lips apart. She had large, droopy lips and a clit that stood out a good half inch when she was feeling horny, as she obviously was right at that moment. She dipped the middle finger of her right hand deep into her pussy, pulling out her wetness and rubbing her clit with it. Next, she dipped the forefingers of both hands inside her lips, then mixed the musky wetness with the slick aloe gel covering her nipples. This caused both nipples to harden into pencil erasers, and sent shivers down to her clit. 

She watched the men through hooded eyes as she reveled in her own pure sexiness. Charlie had dropped his pants completely, pulling his rapidly hardening dick with one hand as he reached into Len's pants and stroked his cock to attention. They were side by side on the loveseat, Len leaning back, tipping a beer bottle to his lips while lifting his hips to give Charlie access. 

As much as the men loved watching Betsy play, she loved seeing her Charlie go after a cock. He'd acted like a kid in a candy store ever since they arrived, and this thought sent a further thrill through her. She lifted her breasts, hefted their weight in her hands and enjoyed the light bounce, then pulled her left breast up and engulfed the nipple, sucking hard so it would distend further and stand out. She released the nipple with a popping sound, then did the same to her right. Len groaned, lifted his hips and lowered his pants the rest of the way. 

As Len settled back and reached for his beer again, Charlie slipped off the loveseat and moved between Len's legs. 

"That's it, lover," urged Betsy. "Suck that sweet cock and get it good and hard so it can fuck your tight ass. I want to hear you scream as Len plows you good. Oh, baby, it turns me on so to see you suck cock!" 

Betsy was coach and cheerleader for a team that needed little encouragement. Charlie laved Len's balls with his tongue, already oblivious to the fact that his wife sat across the room, pumping four fingers into her cunt and pulling her left nipple several inches up from her tit as she urged him to give in to his homosexual needs. 

"Isn't he a great cocksucker, Len?" asked Betsy, knowing what effect her potty mouth had on their friend's libido and inhibitions. "Don't you just love watching me frig my pussy and twist my nipples while my man swallows your dick?" 

Len moaned again as his hand sought out Charlie's shoulders and neck to pull him closer.

Bridget reentered the room carrying the video recorder and tripod in one hand, a small professional studio light in the other. She grinned lecherously at Betsy, who licked her own nipple through an answering smile as she simultaneously twisted her clit. Len's eyes glassed over as Charlie began to piston up and down. Bridget hurried to get the equipment set up so she could join her girlfriend and taste that sweet pussy.

Charlie, as usual, loved the feeling of Len's cock on his tongue. The firm sponginess of the head, the hardening ripples of the veins, and the salty sweetness of the precum all combined to make him feel right and horny in committing the homosexual act. He felt his own cock jump at the thought of this fine organ slipping past his sphincter as it had so often before. He and Betsy had two other couples who lived in their state that they played with on occasion, and Charlie had taken full advantage of the libidinous yet safe atmosphere at La Playa to sample as many cocks as possible so far, but Len and Bridget were not just his favorite lovers, they were also his best friends. The added emotion enhanced his pleasure in gobbling the fine cock between his lips, and made him want to give Len his very best.

Bridget got the equipment up, plugged in, and running in record time. She really could have been quite happy in life as a lesbian, and found her mouth watering as Betsy continued to frig herself and moan softly. Len was her college sweetheart, was a wonderful provider as they raised their kids, and was open-minded enough to respond well as she had led him toward an open relationship and a swinging lifestyle. 

She looked through the view finder on the camera to frame the two men properly, flipped on the light, and pressed RECORD on the camera's remote control as she moved toward Betsy, dropping the flimsy pareo which had draped her hips. She fell to her knees in front of her lover and literally dove between Betsy's legs, smothering Betsy's masturbating hand with kisses as she forced her lips and tongue toward their target. Betsy recognized the urgency in her lover, and let out a loud moan of satisfaction as she scooted her ass closer to the edge of the couch as Bridget's knowing tongue flicked like a snake from her vaginal opening to her clitoris.

Len blinked a bit as the bright studio light illuminated the loveseat, but quickly adjusted and focused as he saw his loving wife practically attack the crotch of the slut on the couch. He felt the blood rush and expand his already hard cock to full staff, as much from the picture of lesbian lust across the room as from Charlie's vacuum grip on his rod. Charlie, too, noticed the twitch from the cock in his mouth, and swirled his tongue around Len's circumcised head. His hand was down between his own legs, his middle finger massaging his sphincter muscle in preparation for the invasion to come. 

Len looked up when he heard Betsy cry out her first orgasm. "Oh shit, Bridge, just like that, just like that! Oooohhhhhh!!!"

Betsy lifted her hips and ground her pussy into Bridget's face as she came. This sent Len over the edge, causing him to lose all control, spurting a load of cum against the back of Charlie's throat. Charlie was surprised and choked just a bit, but quickly recovered and savored the salty nectar on his tongue. 

Bridget smiled to herself, proud that she could bring her lover off so quickly, and redoubled her assault on Betsy's clit. She knew that Betsy would quickly reach another peak, and was again rewarded with, "Oh shit, oh shit, oh shit..." as Betsy spasmed anew.

Bridget eventually relented in her attentions to her lover's pussy, which was swollen and pink and emitted a strong scent of pleasure, then moved up onto the couch to kiss and cuddle. Betsy licked her own juices voraciously from her pretty friend's face, then forced her tongue down Bridget's throat to communicate her ongoing desire. 

Bridget returned the kiss forcefully, then broke and whispered in Betsy's ear, "Let's get the boys settled into a fuck, then go into the other bedroom and really enjoy each other, okay?" 

Betsy nodded her approval of the plan with a smile and added a caress of Bridget's nipple as they both turned their attention back to the men.

Charlie was still working on Len, who had his head thrown back to finish his beer. Len could be kept hard after cumming with the right combination of enthusiasm and wet sucking, and Charlie's appetite for cock had only grown with the unexpected gift of sperm he had just swallowed. Charlie knew that Bridget would soon direct Len and him to fuck, and he couldn't wait to feel Len pounding his ass. 

As if on cue, Bridget said, "Okay, boys, Betsy and I want to see some serious fucking over there!" She then rose from her lover's embrace to refocus the camera. 

Betsy reached for the end table and threw Len a packet of lube as Charlie ceased his suctioning of Len's cock and spun around on his knees. 

Len slid off the loveseat as he tore open the package so thoughtfully provided. Taking position behind Charlie, he squeezed the lube first on his own cock, then on Charlie's bum. He massaged the lube evenly over his still mostly-hard organ as Charlie reached between his own legs to spread the gob of goo around and in his nether opening. 

Bridget followed the motion in the viewfinder, zooming back and forth from Charlie's ass to Len's now-glistening cock. Len scooted forward on his knees, aimed his cock at Charlie's rosebud, and pressed in. Charlie breathed out steadily, focused on relaxing his sphincter, and was quickly rewarded with Len's cockhead invading his backdoor. Bridget pulled the focal field back to frame both men, once again hit RECORD and moved back over to the couch where Betsy contentedly masturbated as she watched their men begin to fuck.

Moving slowly at first, Len stuffed Charlie full of man-meat with short little pumps. Charlie groaned and closed his eyes, savoring the lovely feeling of a cock in his rectum. As Len's cock pressed against Charlie's prostate, the good feelings swept over the bottom man and he let out another, louder groan of pleasure. 

"Yeah, Len," Charlie hissed between his teeth. "Fuck me. Take my ass and make it scream like you know you can." 

Len responded to the feelings of Charlie's tight ass, the mental picture of Charlie's words, and the actual sight of Betsy devouring Bridget's tits across the room and sank his cock to the hilt. 

"Come on, lover," Charlie encouraged. "You know I want your cock so bad. Fuck me like you've never fucked me before and let's give those two sexy bitches over there a good show."

Len let loose and began to pound Charlie's ass. His cock was hard as a rock despite the fact that he'd cum not more than ten minutes previous, and the feeling of his buddy's tight hole around his shaft was marvelous. For once he even forgot about their wives making out on the couch, and simply focused on the raw sex coming from the man-pussy he was fucking. 

"Oh yeah, Len!" Charlie encouraged his lover. "Give me your cock! Take my ass and fuck it! Stretch it out, man!" 

Len grunted and slapped Charlie's ass hard, eliciting a surprised yelp, then an increase in tempo from Charlie as he fucked back onto Len's pole. 

"You like that, boy?" Len snarled at Charlie. "You like taking a dick way up your fuck hole and getting slapped around at the same time?" He slapped the other cheek of Charlie's ass. This was something new, and got the girls' attention across the room. 

"Yeah, baby," Charlie yelled. "Beat my ass and fuck me raw!" 

Len did just that. He abandoned restraint and control, and gave himself over to animal lust. With every two or three thrusts of his hips, he slapped Charlie's reddening cheeks. He grunted and growled like a bear rooting for grubs as he sawed his cock in and out. For his part, Charlie's whole being was focused on his asshole and the cock reaming it. He too was down to the animal level, moaning and groaning with each thrust or slap. His head rested on his hands, and he rocked back and forth, guided and controlled by his lover above him. He simply gave in to the situation, which was to be used as his lover pleased. 

The two best friends fucked like that for over fifteen minutes. Charlie's butt cheeks were a bright crimson. Len was drenched in sweat, his lips pulled into an Elvis snarl, his whole attention focused squarely between his legs. And he felt the eruption building in his balls. It felt like his nut sack was roiling and boiling, bubbling up and receding, with each wave rising just a bit higher. 

Charlie's cock leaked copious precum which was slung about in all directions as his cock danced with each impact of Len's hips or hands. He had never cum without touching his cock, but it was happening now. He was a purely sexual animal, and his need to feel the hot sperm spewing into his rectum was overwhelming. Len literally shuddered as he bottomed out. His eyes clenched tightly shut, squeezing out tears as Charlie began to howl his orgasm. 

Just as he felt he would black out, Len's cock erupted deep in Charlie's bowels. There were no words, just incoherent yells from both men as they came in simultaneous ecstasy. Charlie's spunk flew all around from his wildly gyrating cock, and Len's entire body clenched with each spasm. The men were drenched in sweat and pheromones, a heavy musk pervading the room as they fought to remain connected through their orgasms. Even as they began their climaxes together, they each spasmed one last time and froze together, Len's cock still buried to the hilt. 

Len collapsed on top of Charlie, wrapping his arms around Charlie's torso. He couldn't believe what he had just felt. He didn't know where it came from, or why it had happened, but it was the first time he ever felt the kind of emotions about a man he was feeling right at that moment. They confused and thrilled him simultaneously as both men's gasps for air caused their slick skin to slide together. 

He lay his cheek on Charlie's back, closed his eyes, and relaxed to regain his breath. As his cock softened, he felt Charlie stir and rose off him. His cock slipped out and Charlie rolled over, slinging his arms around Len's neck and pulling him into a deep soul kiss. This would have normally been where Len's mind would have rebelled, causing him to pull away. Kissing, he previously considered, was way too gay. However, this time he responded enthusiastically, and received his lover's thanks with real pleasure.

As they broke their kiss, the two men realized the room was utterly silent except for the rhythm of the rain on the windows, and they remembered their wives. Together they looked across the room. Bridget had three fingers buried to the last knuckles in Betsy's pussy, and Betsy was holding Bridget's left nipple between her fingers, but the women were neither moving nor making a sound. They both stared with saucer eyes at their men, shocked and fascinated by the raw lust just displayed on the floor before them. 

When Len and Charlie's eyes met theirs, the spell was broken, and Bridget was the first to speak. "Damn, I hope you guys stayed in the frame. I have GOT to see that again!" And the rain continued to fall.