 We received the invitation by mail in the beginning of October. Our neighbor's who lived directly across the street from us were having a Halloween party. This year the holiday fell on a Saturday so the whole weekend would be part of the festivities. The party was to be a pirate theme. 

Later that afternoon we ran into our neighbor's whose names are Ziggy and Irena. They just recently moved here permanently from Germany. They've owned the house for many years, renting it out to European vacationers. We became very good friends in that time, and saw them when they made their three time yearly visits. Whenever they were here, they would throw a great party. With them now here fulltime, they decided to throw the mother of all Halloween parties to welcome themselves back to the area permanently.

"Did you two receive our invitation yet," asked Irena, as Christine and I were getting in some yard work done while our son was napping.

"We did," Christine responded, "I see you chose a pirate theme for the evening?"

"That is correct," Irena said in her German accented English, "We wanted to have a theme that would let people experiment with different looks along the same central theme. Will you be able to get someone to watch your son? I wanted to make sure you knew it was adults only. I can understand if you two can't make it."

"I thank you for the information, Irena," I said, "We've already made arrangements for my mother to watch him for the night. He loves any chance he can get to spend the night at grandma's."

"Excellent, we look so forward to see you two there. It should be a very exciting evening," Irena stated with a look of excitement in her eyes.

When Irena and Ziggy went back to their house, Christine looked at me with a gleam in her eye and said, "I wonder how exciting it's going to be myself?" 

"I guess we'll have to wait and see. Any idea what type of pirate costume you want?

"Something that will draw attention to myself and make you hot as hell"

"Honey, you don't need a costume for that. It would just enhance what you already do to me."

"I love it!! When you talk like that," Christine said while walking back towards the house, "You know, he'll be asleep for little while longer,,,,"

I caught her meaning, since she must have realized with the info from Irena that I was just as excited as she was. With that I followed my hot wife into the house for an afternoon quickie.

When the night of the party arrived we brought our son over to my mother's house early, so Christine and I would have plenty of time to get into our costumes. For the evening my costume consisted of a tight fitting brown lace up shirt with black pants, tucked into black boots that folded at the top. To finish it off I had a head tie and black wrist cuffs.

Christine was still in the shower when I changed, so I was in the living room when she came out. She didn't get a chance to see me yet, or I her. When she appeared from the bedroom I wanted to bend her over right there. Her costume consisted of a black leatherette corset style top with long white sleeves. There was a separate black skirt with an angled hemline that was cut to look like the bottom had been torn off. There was also a red hip wrap, black head tie and black over the calf high heel boots to finish off the outfit. Christine filled out the costume beautifully. My wife is 5 foot 2 inches and curvy with 38 DD breasts (Yes, they're REAL!!). Needless to say she filled out to corset top as well as the whole costume beautifully.

"How do I look?" she inquired while posing.

I walked over to her gave her a kiss and grabbed her ass saying, "You look absolutely gorgeous for a scoundrel. I'm going to have a tough time keeping my hands off of you this evening."

"Good answer. We better head over there. I can hear cars pulling up and we don't want to be too late," and with that, we closed up the house and made our way across the street to begin our evening.

We were making our way up the driveway as two male pirates rang the doorbell. We didn't know them, but they couldn't keep their eyes off of my sexy pirate attired wife. As we got closer to them the front door opened and there was Ziggy dressed as a shirtless pirate. 

"Hello!!!!! Hello!!!!!!" he cried out welcoming us into his house. 

He shook the hands of the two men who rang the doorbell and turned to us. "Kevin and Christine, these are two of our friend's sons who are visiting the area on vacation. When I found out they were in the area I had to invite them too."

The two men shook Christine's hands, and mine introducing themselves as Jon and Peter just as Ziggy left to attend to his other guests. As they were introducing themselves they continued to eye Christine. After they left to find the bar I leaned over and whispered in her ear, "Already getting attention, I see?"

"You betcha, honey," was her response, as she brushed her hand over my crotch.

As we made our way further into the house we noticed that every sliding door at the rear of the house was open to the screened in lanai/pool area. This gave the house a great open feel. When we stepped onto the lanai it was expertly decorated. There were imitation fishing nets thrown over rum casks in one corner. Candles were lit all over, and the regular house lights were dimmed just to give enough light so that no one fell into the pool, at least not by missing a step but the night was still young. Also, since the house backed up onto a canal someone had docked their boat and decorated it to match the theme of the evening. There was even a Jolly Roger hanging from the mast. 

On the other side of the lanai was a bar made up of what looked like used liquor barrels and wood. Behind the bar was a shirtless bald headed man wearing a bandanna around it, sporting various tattoos and patch over his eye. The other bartender was a woman wearing a very short and revealing wenches outfit. We noticed that Irena was at the bar getting herself a drink. As we approached Christine called out, "Hi there, Irena!!"

Irena was built similar to my wife except maybe a little heavier but very pretty and was wearing a sleeveless corset top and a short leather skirt with thigh high platform boots. As with Christine's costume, Irena filled it out nicely.

"Good evening you two. I am soooo happy you are here to celebrate our new home," Irena greeted us by giving each of us a huge hug and kiss. 

As she hugged me I could feel her large tits pressing up against my chest. I was sure she could feel my hardening dick as well. You could tell by the smile and look in her eyes that she had been enjoying the bar for a while. 

"You two just make yourself comfortable, get a drink and start enjoying yourselves," Irena prompted, "I must continue seeing to our other guests." And with that, she left us to go talk with another couple.

We ordered some beverages from the bar. A rum and coke for Christine and since I quit the booze, water for me. I know "Mr. Excitement" strikes again. While waiting for our drinks the male bartender was doing everything he could to get a good look at my wife's tits. Christine caught on and did everything she could to give him a great view of her tits.

Once we had our drinks we started to make our way around the lanai. We talked with several other couple and individuals we haven't seen for a long while as well as those who we met for the first time. The one constant for the evening was that Jon or Peter, or both, kept making their way over to us. It became apparent that they were more interested in my wife, since they always found some way to touch or rub up against.

"I see you have some admirers?" I asked her.

"It seems I do," Christine replied, "The attention I keep getting is making me horny as hell. I can feel their hard cocks whenever they're next to me"

"Well we are at a party and whatever happens here stays here," I said borrowing the Las Vegas theme.

Christine looked at me with that grin I knew so well and leaned over and kissed me on the cheek and whispered in my ear, "I love you, honey."

As the night progressed, the party really took off and so did other's clothing, especially the women. With a pool readily available, some people were "pushed" in and in the process of getting out "lost their tops" and just decided to leave them off. The scenery was getting better and better. Christine and I became separated at some point, since I was talking to some of the other guys about golf while enjoying a cigar in the one corner of the lanai as not to bother the people around me. I ended up sitting in this really cool looking chair. It looked like a huge barrel that had been cut in half and had cushioning placed on the inside with legs the jutted out from the bottom. It was quite comfortable. As I sat there looking around while in conversation, I noticed how the party was taking a turn and how some of the other couples were now kissing and feeling each other up. In the other corner of the lanai I noticed an attractive blonde woman, who was now completely naked and riding the man who was under her on the lounge chair. Next to them, was a man and woman watching the two fuck. The woman had the man's dick in her hand and was stroking it, while he grabbed and fondled her exposed tits, causing her nipples to stand straight out. The combination of her excitement and slight breeze in the air made them look very large.

Sitting there in that huge chair, enjoying my cigar and watching everything unfold around me made me feel like the head pirate or whatever title they have. I noticed more and more people removing their costumes and get busy wherever they stood, sat or other position they so chose. I was sitting there, looking around for my wife when I heard a loud noise coming from inside of the house. That was when I saw Jon, Peter and another pirate carrying a woman, who had her hands tied behind her back out of the house. The woman was laughing and the guys were yelling something like, "Out of our way, we need to take our captive to the boat!!!"

As the group came out of the house, I saw that the woman they supposedly "kidnapped" was Christine!! She had a huge smile on her face and had been stripped naked except for her high-heel boots and head tie. Her huge tits were bouncing freely, and as Jon carried her Peter was slapping her ass saying that she was their wench and needed to be taught a lesson. They made their way out to the lanai and then onto the boat. The engines rolled over and the boat proceeded to move out into the canal. It did move very fast but motored away from the house and down out of site for some time.

Irena made her way over to where I was and proceeded to sit next to me. "I see that your wife has made some new friends, my dear?"

"It appears so," I responded. Irena had her hand on my thigh and was starting to move it up to my swollen cock. My dick was rock hard from watching and hearing all the surrounding action as well as seeing my wife being taken by a bunch of pirates. 

Christine would often fantasize about being taken, and has been in the past. (See previous stories). When it comes to sex, she gets more turned on the more she is used like a slut. The nastier the better. I enjoy watching my wife since she enjoys her excursions so much. I usually get to be a part of the fun, but that doesn't look like the case this evening. It would seem that I am about to have some fun of my own.

Irena now had my dick out and was stroking it. We both turned our head in the direction of the canal as we heard the sound of the boat returning. As the boat approached the dock and the surrounding lights shined on the deck, we got a real show. There was my hot, sexy wife, tied to a railing in the center of the deck, being fucked hard from behind. It looked like Peter was that man at the helm. He had a handful of Christine's hair, and was intermittently smacking her ass. We could barely hear her moans of ecstasy, because Jon had his dick in her mouth. Knowing my slut of a wife, she was loving every minute of this. The rest of the party had now noticed what was happening on deck, and what they saw increased the already high sexual energy that was emanating from the party. 

I started to feel another sensation on my dick and looked down to see Irena taking my cock into her mouth. The feeling was absolutely incredible. I stole a look back at the boat and saw that Peter and Jon had switched places. With the boat being docked again I saw that more men and women were making their way onto the boat to continue with their fucking and sucking. I then looked over to the other side of the lanai as I was having my cocked sucked, and saw Ziggy fucking the wench bartender, while the blonde who sort of started the evening off was on her knees sucking the tits of the wench. 

This continued for the rest of the evening. Irena eventually stopped sucking my dick, stood up removed the rest of her clothes and sat back down on my cock reverse cowgirl style and rode me like she was riding a wild stallion. I couldn't hold out any more and proceeded to explode in a mind numbing orgasm that I thought would never stop. When I FINALLY was able to breathe again, Irena stepped off of me, turned and gave me huge kiss saying, "That was more than I was hoping for!!!"

"You can say that again," was all I could breathlessly respond.

I managed to stand, and make my way over to the bar after the workout I just had. Grabbing a bottle of water I made my way over to the boat to see how my lovely wife was doing. She was no longer on deck. The other couples were now having one hell of and orgy there. I made my way on board and started to head below deck. As I walked down the stairs there was a huge bed below deck and I saw that Christine was on her back having her pussy licked by our friend Jeff. By the moans emanating from her I could tell she was close to one of her mind shattering orgasms. Jeff kept working her and I knew that he would soon be in for a surprise. Christine happens to be one of those lucky women who can squirt when she cums. I heard the low moan coming from her and knew she was about to squirt. 

All of a sudden it happened. With a loud yell of, "Oh my FUCKING,,,,,,,,!!!!" It happened, Christine squirted with such intensity that Jeff caught all of it in the face. He looked up and saw me there.

"Does this happen often?" was all he asked.

"Oh yeah, my man. It's an intense feeling making a woman do that isn't?" I replied.

"Sure is"

Jeff then got on his knees and shoved his already hard dick into Christine's soaking wet pussy. I climbed onto the bed and made my way to where my wife's head was. I kissed her on the lips and asked with a sarcastic smile on my face, "Having fun yet?"

"Damn right I am," she said and kissed me hard, while Jeff was pile driving her pussy.

I stopped kissing her and offered her my dick, which she readily gobbled up. Irena did a great job at sucking my dick before, but no one compares to the expert cocksucker my wife is. Jeff and I continued to use Christine for the rest of the evening. As would be expected, time was lost and we all fell asleep on the bed. When I awoke, it was early morning, but still dark. I was alone and decided to go look for Christine so we can get home before sun up.

I made my way back to the house collecting as much of our costumes as I could. Inside the house people had just collapsed everywhere following the late night aerobics. I didn't see Christine anywhere, but heard a shower running from inside the master bathroom and muffled voices. I figured that I might as well see who it was. Again, as I looked in the master bath there was my insatiable wife in the large open shower, bent over with Peter ramming his cock into her pussy. From the sounds Peter was making, he was close to cumming. He then pulled his cock out of my wife and came all over her phenomenal ass. 

They proceeded to clean up and as they stepped out I threw a towel to Peter and held one open for Christine to crawl into. I kissed her lightly on the lips and helped her dry off. Once we were reasonable dressed we made our way back home. 

I took a quick shower and joined my already sleeping wife in bed, where we slept until late morning. Upon waking, we exchanged the stories of what happened to each other. Christine told me that as they pulled away from the dock Jon had already tied her to the deck and was telling her how much he loved her huge tits and great ass and couldn't wait to use her pussy. I told her what Irena did to me how things progressed on the lanai and what I caught happening inside the house.

As we talked, we both got excited again. I stood up, bent my hot wife over the arm of the sofa and fucked her again. After we both came, we went back to bed for a few more hours before having to enter reality again. I love my wife deeply, and know she loves me. We enjoy the fun and excitement we experience together, and know that it would not be ANY fun if we both did not do those things as a couple.

Our relationship is constantly growing and I am always looking forward to what we will do next. Until our next adventure.