 La Playa Holds Its Breath: Three Vignettes

Vignette 1, Scene 1: Lisa and Carolyn

Lisa came out from behind the dressing screen and twirled around with a big grin on her face. A female wolf whistle greeted her followed by appreciative clapping from her lover Carolyn. 

"I love it!" Lisa exclaimed as she looked at herself in the triple full length mirrors. 

She was dressed in a short toga made of pure Thai silk. It was actually a man's cut, with only one shoulder and a belt holding up the entire garment. This completely exposed her left breast, and the short-short hem barely reached the in-slope of her cute ass. 

"So do I! You look incredible. The guys are going to shit when they see us," enthused Carolyn. 

She was dressed in a diaphanous see-through full length gown that they had just selected as her costume for the Bacchanalia tonight. The lingerie and fetish wear section of Gepetto's was packed with guests acquiring costumes for the evening.

"I think I'll get my tit painted with flames, what do you think?" queried Lisa, still examining herself in the mirrors. 

"Oh baby, that will look fantastic," responded Carolyn, moving in to spoon Lisa from behind and running her hand directly to her exposed breast. 

In the three days since they and their husbands fucked in the bar, the two couples had reached new levels of intimacy and relationships. Last night they discussed the possibility of buying adjoining town homes and knocking out the dividing wall so that they could engage in a true polyamorous grouping while maintaining outside appearances. John and David were clearly in the throes of infatuation with gay sex (the girls suspected the guys were in one of their rooms fucking while they shopped.) 

"Don't you think we should be dripping in gold tonight?" asked Carolyn. 

"Well of course, but how are we going to afford it and what will we the boys if we buy a bunch of jewelry?" responded Lisa. 

"Look at that sign over there," said Carolyn, pointing toward one of the sales counters. 

It read: Costume Jewelry Available for Loan.

"Wow, perfect!" Lisa said with glee, rubbing her body against Carolyn's side. The two women had caressed and teased each other all afternoon, starting with a champagne lunch after their morning getting beauty treatments in the Spa. They were enjoying building the anticipation.

Vignette 2, Scene 1: John and David

Truth be known, John and David were not fucking in one of their rooms. They were actually fucking on an oversized inner tube as they floated in lazy circles around the course of the River. "River" was of course a misnomer for what was actually a concrete canal filled with pool water, its currents created by powerful pumps. The River meandered around the La Playa grounds, connecting to the pool at one point, running in a man made cave through the Grotto and completing a large loop at the launch point which was on the opposite side of the huge patio which served it, the pool, and the bars. Inner tubes and other floats were provided, as were cocktails in sealed insulated cups. Tubing was a popular pastime on many rivers in America, especially in the South, and this amenity gave guests the opportunity to add some particularly adult fun to an already enjoyable activity. 

David had his face down on one side of the large truck tire tube they were using, his knees on the other side and his ass lifted lewdly in the air. John was fucking David doggy style, leaning down over his lover to steady himself on his hands on either side of the tube. David used his arms and hands to fend the tube off the sides of the River and generally try to keep them facing downstream. At least that was the theory. In fact, they were doing lazy donuts as they struggled to fuck and stay afloat. Both men were laughing and whooping like two little boys at the old swimming hole. 

"Don't cum, don't cum!" David insisted between guffaws. "We want to save it for tonight!" 

"Hell, how can I...mmmmggghff," John tried to respond with both words and a particularly powerful pelvic thrust, which threw their delicate balance off and capsized the two men into the water. They came up sputtering and laughing, splashing each other and playing grab ass as they stood up in the four-foot deep water and chased their tube down the stream.

Vignette 3, Scene 1: Herb and Roxanne

In their top floor suite Herb and Roxanne were getting the VIP treatment. The maid assigned to their room was helping an attendant from the spa service the two owners with an in-room spa treatment. They would bathe in the giant sunken tub (the two employees would strip right along with their charges and get in the tub with them) and then be given Brazilian wax jobs. Then cleansing enemas, showers, this time with hair washing, and then facials. A quick rinse in the shower would be followed with massages, and then Roxanne would be coifed while Herb picked out their togas from a private showing. Finally a light snack to balance their metabolisms prior to the feast, and it would be off to the party. 

Herb and Roxanne's eyes met playfully and then were drawn to the sunken tub. Their maid was standing in the tub, with clouds of bubbles reaching up to brush her neatly trimmed pubic hair. Small mocha breasts topped with dark chocolate aureoles were topped with a smiling face. Herb's mouth watered for about the fourth time that afternoon as he noticed the spa attendant's ass. Bent over and facing away from Herb as he removed his shorts, the rather nubile young twink of a man looked truly good enough to eat. Roxanne saw the lust cloud her husband's eyes as they moved together toward the tub and smiled. Even without the money they were making off the resort, this was clearly the best investment they had ever made.

Vignette 2, Scene 2: John and David

John and David waded hand in hand up the stairs and out of the River, David handing the inner tube to an attendant in passing. As recently as three days ago these two men had only played at being bisexual, and now they were boldly holding hands in public like young lovers. They walked together to the showers and moved under the spray to wash off the chemicals of the treated water. David glanced over at John, and noticed John staring at his flaccid member. 

"God, I love your cock!" John blurted out as he realized he was busted. David decided to tease his lover a little, and rolled his balls in his hand. 

"Oohh, I like it too!" a feminine voice agreed. 

The two men were a bit startled, but turned to see a short, curvaceous redhead openly admiring their bodies. She was wearing a thong bikini bottom and sandals, one hand on her hip and the other lightly brushing her lips as she regarded them. 

"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to intrude...too much," she said. "I'm Judy. Can I join you?" 

The two men looked at each, the same thoughts racing from their big to their little brains and back again. Would their wives be angry? David thought quickly about how Lisa had initiated the sex with Steve. John thought about how wanton Carolyn was in the bar the other day. They were swingers, at a swingers resort, why not?

"Sure, come on in," John smiled and invited Judy under the spray. 

He and David opened their arms and enfolded Judy in wet skin. She stood up on tiptoe and kissed each man with open mouth, then bent down and stripped off her thong. Her breath caught and she threw her head back as John sunk two fingers deep into her already wet folds, and David bent over to take her left nipple between his teeth. She reached down and took both rapidly hardening cocks in her hands, jacking them roughly under the spray. Her husband Len was fucking a woman over on one of the islands in the pool, and Judy had gone looking in search of her own fun. She abandoned herself to letting these two good looking men have their way with her, and she had an extra kick from thinking about seeing them do each other too.

Vignette 1, Scene 2: Lisa and Carolyn

Lisa got lucky with the body painting crew, they had an immediate opening. Six artists were working non-stop on guests on the far side of the patio bar. Many of were receiving full body art work, while others went for accents. Lisa's single breast would be a quick job that would still give the artist, a handsome Latin man with a goatee and lots of tattoos on his arms, a chance to take a quick break before his next client. 

Lisa was reclining now on his "easel" which was actually one of those massage chairs designed to let the body worker treat necks and upper backs without too much strain or wrinkling too many clothes. Of course Lisa was nude, her legs spread with the artist, Max, scooted up between them. He worked Fantasy Fest in Key West every year, and traveled to a number of the lifestyle conventions to make some money. You would think he would be jaded to naked flesh by now, but the way the people at this resort were coming on to him had him flustered. It was like everyone here, men and women alike, were on some kind of super Viagra or something. He had already gone through four towels dampened by women's pussy juice, and the huge nine-inch cobra cock that stayed rock hard as he painted it and the rest of the distinguished looking guest's body had dripped pre-cum with every brush stroke. He wasn't in to guys, and had never painted cocks before this gig, but this particular cock was like a thing possessed, seeming to always point right to his face. It was unnerving, both from the situation and from the surprising desire he had felt to bend down and taste the magnificent member.

These thoughts raced through his brain as he applied the base coat to one of the nicest tits he had ever seen. Carolyn stood to Lisa's right, caressing her hair, shoulders, and right breast as Max worked. Lisa had her hand between Carolyn's legs, stroking up and down from calf to the back of her thigh and brushing ever higher with her thumb. Both women were enjoying the obvious effect they were having on Max as he kept shifting on his stool to try to both conceal and readjust his rock hard tool. Lisa glanced up at Carolyn and grinned. When the fine mist of the paint hit her nipple she gasped a bit at the coolness of the liquid, her nipple contracting to a nubbin. The elastic paint would continue to stimulate the nipple as it dried and until it began to peel off from the movement of her body and her sweat. Carolyn rolled Lisa's other nipple between thumb and forefinger, making Lisa gasp again and further flustering the artist. Lisa retaliated by thrusting her thumb suddenly up into the folds of Carolyn's pussy, causing the gorgeous blonde to jump and giggle.

Vignette 2, Scene 3: John and David

Near the pool their husbands were enjoying their plaything named Judy. The little redhead had cum twice under the shower, and they now had her pinned on a chaise lounge, John holding her hands above her head feeding her his cock while David restrained her legs and licked her clitoris. They sensed that this woman wanted to be taken, not toyed with, and they were handling her a little roughly, though not rough enough to cause any of the nearby staff to worry about her willingness. In fact, Judy was loudly moaning her approval around John's seven-inch shaft, especially when David lifted her legs above his shoulders and sunk his own cock up to the balls in her dripping cunt in one smooth motion. 

John loved the humming effect of her moans on his glans, and was quickly building to his own orgasm when David slapped him on the back. "Remember, we're saving it for tonight!" he said, snapping his friend/lover out of the orgasmic state. "Just use this little bitch and make her happy for now, then we'll DP her at the party tonight and fill her with cum." 

"Gee, THANKS buddy!" John replied sarcastically, his rod deflating slightly even as he continued to pump in and out of Judy's mouth. Looking down he saw that Judy was looking up at him with a question in her eyes, no longer moaning but still sucking. 

"How about it, slut," John questioned her. "Would you like to be our slave tonight at the party? We're saving our cum until then, and might just spew it inside you if you please us well." 

An experienced player in her own right, Judy also knew that Len would get a kick out of thinking of her as a whore even though no money would change hands. She released her vacuum lock on John's cock and said "whatever you say, just give me couple of hours to check in with my hubby and get dressed. I've got a nice collar I can bring along, Master." 

"Since it's a Bacchanalia I think the term 'Dominus' is more appropriate," chimed in David. As John looked a question back over his shoulder David explained "I saw it on HBO!" He went back to fucking Judy to another orgasm and fought to keep his own self control.

Vignette 3, Scene 2: Herb and Roxanne

Herb was enjoying the show. He had already made his selection of togas for he and Roxanne, but kept the four Acolytes from the Dungeon staff hopping, doing quick changes from one outfit to another off the rolling rack just to please his own voyeuristic tendencies. He was seated on the love seat in the living room of their suite, slowly stroking his big black cock as the boys and girls paraded in front of him. 

"Herb, make your choice and let these poor people get on with their work! They have other guests to serve," yelled Roxanne from the bathroom, where she sat in a portable stylist's chair as two women worked a weave onto her already full hair. 

They were going for a true Roman style, partially coifed atop her head with the rest flowing down around her shoulders. She felt like a Nubian princess as she took another pull on the straw in her fruit smoothie. 

Roxanne had actually selected many of the gowns and togas on the rack on a shopping spree with Julie a couple of months prior to the opening, and had given Herb explicit instructions. He took the gown off the rack and admired it once again. It was an exact replica of the attire shown on Egyptian women in the hieroglyphics on the tombs of the Pharaohs. A cotton weave so light it was actually see through interrupted every half inch or so by a thicker strand of pure white that tied with a single cord in the front. It would set off Roxanne's chocolate skin superbly. 

For himself he selected the toga of a Roman Senator, complete with the deep red sash that would drape over one shoulder. This model had some quite modern Velcro attachments that would reduce his need to be aware of how the garment hung. He thanked the four Acolytes, who obediently dropped to their knees and kissed his feet before trundling their rack off to the next VIP room. As they left Herb picked up on their sense of urgency, and realized that it pervaded the whole property. He had experienced an air of expectancy from his fellow guests at lunch, and now perceived that everyone was looking forward to tonight just as much as he was.

Vignette 1, Scene 3: Lisa and Carolyn

Lisa was conscious of keeping her shoulders back. Max had instructed her to minimize her movements for a few minutes as the paint set, then she could move around as it dried fully, and one of the painter's helpers would spray on a light coat of fixative to add to the longevity of the art work. The artists were working in production line style to ensure they completed their work in time for the party. 

Lisa's left breast was a splash of red, orange and yellow, with tongues of flame starting just above her aureole and licking toward her shoulder. The vivid colors would contrast nicely with the white toga, and the concealing effect of the paint would cause people to stare harder to see her naked nipple. She stretched a bit as Carolyn came back with the two big bottles of water she had gone to the bar for. 

"I'm not sure I can hold out until tonight to eat you," Lisa said as she accepted the proffered water. "You are the most gorgeous thing I've ever seen!" 

"Why thank you, you are a damned fine dish yourself," responded Carolyn with a grin. 

They had asked the attendant in Gepetto's to deliver their garments to their suite (both hoping that their men would be caught "in flagrante" just for a thrill) and had re-donned their "resort wear" for the rest of the afternoon. For Carolyn, this was a small yellow pareo and her running shoes. Lisa's Wicked Weasel thong was draped over the back of the chair she occupied, and she twirled one of her sandals on the end of a big toe extending out from her crossed legs. Both women had achieved a deep rich tan from their lack of clothing and extended sexual activities outdoors this week.

Carolyn said "Okay, let's take your edge off." 

She set aside her water and dropped to her knees, pushing Lisa's legs apart she drove her tongue direct into Lisa's center. 

Max looked up to see Carolyn go down on Lisa and accidentally squeezed the trigger of the paint sprayer, planting a green blob on his next subject's knee -- not in the plan. Lisa groaned and ran her fingers into Carolyn's hair as that skilled tongue penetrated the folds and sought out her nectar. 

"But we told the boys not to cum," Lisa half protested half moaned. 

Carolyn paused and looked up. "Exactly. We told the BOYS not to cum," she said with an evil grin and dove back in. 

Lisa giggle-moaned and reached a hand for her own right tit. She was not yet so far gone into lust that she forgot her paint job.

Vignette 2, Scene 4: John and David

The boys in question were having trouble not cumming. Their little redheaded toy kept teasing and flirting with them, sucking a ball, shoving a finger up and ass, biting a nipple. Judy was thoroughly enjoying herself. Len had walked past a few minutes ago and she promised to meet him in their room within the hour. 

Len leered at her and encouraged her to "give these two studs your best," before nodding to John and David and moving on toward the building. 

John and David were helping each other avoid orgasm with pokes, tickles, ball squeezes and slaps, but were also still making themselves readily available both to Judy's advances and their own kisses, nuzzles, licks, and wanks. 

This went on for some time until David suddenly sat up and said "say, where did everyone go?" The pool deck was nearly deserted. 

"It must be time to get dressed for the party," Judy opined. 

"Excuse me, what time do you have?" John asked a nearby landscape attendant. 

"It is 6:30 PM, sir," answered the middle-aged gardener. 

"Yep, definitely time for me to go beautify," Judy said, releasing David's cock and jumping up. "I'll meet you at the entrance to the party, collar on and leash in hand, I promise Sirs," Judy said, pecking each man on the cheek and skipping off. Suddenly a loud orgasmic scream emanated from somewhere around the bar. It was noticeable now because of the lack of other sexual sounds. 

"That's Lisa," David said with authority, "Let's go see."

Epilogue: Lisa, Carolyn, John, and David

The two men rose and walked around the bar building. There on the far patio under a large cabana were a group of body artists at work on their final few subjects. There too was Lisa keening another violent orgasm under Carolyn's expert tongue, her knees drawn up to her chest and splayed wide to open her entire pussy to the oral assault. The two men exchanged an exasperated look and marched over to their wives. 

"No fair!" said John. "We agreed no orgasms today so we'd have an edge for tonight!" 

Carolyn pulled up from Lisa's pussy smacking her lips. "No, the girls told the guys not to cum, we didn't say anything about us. Besides, this slut can cum all day and all night, and the way eating her out turns her on so can I. Now get down here and fuck me my loving husband, but don't you dare cum!" ordered Carolyn. 

Never one to pass up a chance to fuck Carolyn, even after all their years of marriage, John dropped to his knees and worked his cock into his wife's pulsing cunt. Lisa sat up and pulled David over, swallowing his meat in one gulp as she began one of her patented blow jobs. In no time they were all groaning, but true to their word the women kept the men from cumming. After a nice 10 minute fuck Carolyn got off, rose, and led her three lovers up to their suites. The anticipation in the resort was palpable, and it was time to get ready for the orgy!