 The Bacchanalia

Author's note: this is the last in the original story arc for La Playa, the ultimate bisexual swinger resort in the Carribean. As such it refers to characters and sub-plots developed in the previous 16 stories. I hope you will find that this story stands well on its own, but you may get even more out of it by reading the rest of the series. Thanks, and I hope you enjoyed La Playa!




"You fill my soul," whispered Steve as he embraced and kissed his wife Deana. 

They were standing in the foyer of their home, sharing a quiet moment before going to the party. Her eyes beamed her love to him, a huge smile dancing on her lovely face. 

"I love you, my man," she replied, running her hands up and down his spine. "Thank you for giving me the most wonderful life a woman could imagine." 

"No, the thanks go to you," Steve protested lovingly. "You gave me the freedom to be myself and go for the gold, and you put up with all my quirks and kinks along the way. Thank you, my love, thank you." With that he leaned in again for a deep, probing kiss, his hands massaging her neck and back in all the places he knew so well, then wondering across her supple behind.

They were of course dressed in Roman garb. Steve wore the short kilt of a Roman Legionnaire, topped with a tunic split down the front and held together with three short gold chains with alligator clamps on either end. Not only were they functional, but were the perfect length to connect to a pair of cunt lips or balls later in the evening. A heavy gold belt and sandals laced up his calves completed his attire. Deana wore the flowing toga of a priestess of Bacchus. Slightly see through, it was fastened by a gold brooch at each shoulder. Her short haircut revealed the long curve of her neck which was draped with an intricate necklace of gold filigree. Simple leather thongs were on her feet, and she wore thong panties beneath. Steve drank in the sight of her like a thirst-crazed man in the desert.

It was rare for Deana to attend a sex event with Steve. Of course she knew of and approved his activities, but she just was not as sexual an animal as her husband. She knew that other women would not understand, but she genuinely did not have a jealous bone in her body, and she most loved life when Steve was truly happy. He was deliriously happy these days, and she knew she would deny him nothing because of it. Their unique relationship was mutually fulfilling and rewarding, and she was growing in many ways even she could not imagine.

"Thank you for coming tonight. Feel free to leave anytime you want," said Steve as he broke their embrace and opened the front door. 

"I wouldn't miss this for the world!" enthused Deana as she stepped out onto their porch. "You've worked so hard for this, I hope you can let yourself go and really enjoy yourself tonight without worrying about work or me or anything else. You've earned it." 

"Well, I do appreciate it, and I know you know I love you first and foremost, no matter what else I do," Steve pecked her on the cheek and took her hand as they walked down the hill into the grounds of La Playa.

45 minutes later Steve stood up and a huge gong sounded. All the guests, Activities staff, and Dungeon staff were seated on opulent cushions before low tables on the ballroom veranda. The tables were laid out in a huge rectangle, with a large open area in the middle and many cushions and pillows scattered both inside and outside the angles. Torches lit the scene under a cloudless night sky, a soft breeze wafting the scents of the thousands of tropical flowers on the property across the tableau. 

"My guests, friends, Romans, countrymen...okay I guess I could get carried away pretty easy here...welcome to our first Bacchanalia and thank you for being here tonight. It has been a wonderful week. Thank you for making our opening such a success and for your patience with the few glitches we've had along the way. I hope you have enjoyed yourselves and continue to enjoy yourselves until your planes depart tomorrow. Yes, there is sadly a tomorrow, but tonight is ours. Tonight we celebrate old friends and new lovers, successful days and happy homecomings, and we do so in the context of Bacchus, the Roman God of Wine. Bacchus holds a special place among modern swingers, for it was he who lubricated the orgies of old." 

"Worship of Bacchus denoted the worship of pleasure, carnal love, food, and the good life to the Romans" he continued. "Bacchanalia were frowned upon by the more staid members of Roman culture, but eagerly sought out by those who understood the joys of complete abandon. I urge you to emulate them tonight. If there is a kink you have not tried feel free, you are among friends. If there is a person you want to fuck reach out and seek the pleasure. We swingers are known for our moderation in drink during parties, and I encourage you to maintain enough control to understand if someone says 'no' to you. But please taste and savor the many wonderful wines we will offer tonight, and taste and savor each other as well." He reached down and lifted the goblet of red wine at his place. "I give you the Toast of Bacchus... to Love!" 

With that Steve drained the goblet and a group of live musicians and dancers, from barely clad to totally nude, many made up as nymphs and faeries, skipped into the center area and began a frantic dance of lust and libation.

Servers supplied the first course of wine, a tangy Pinot Grigio, with cheeses and fruits on huge trays as the troupe of entertainers put on a series of sexual tableaux. Each time the music changed tempo or key the dancers changed partners and sex act. The guests were delighted and inspired. In between sips of the cool white wine or nibbles of fruit or cheese they kissed and caressed their partners and the people around them. Even though they had all been involved in copious sex with numerous partners all week, the energy being released tonight crackled and snapped like electricity. Each touch sent a shockwave through the subject and returned a sizzle. It took only moments for most of the guests to forget the performers and begin a performance of their own.

True to her word, the gorgeous redhead named Judy had been waiting for David and John at the entrance to the soiree, a two-inch black leather collar fastened around her neck with a leash attached and held in her hand. She had added matching nipple and clit jewelry, and wore simple sandals on her feet, but was otherwise nude. David, Lisa, John, and Carolyn came walking in married pairs around the corner. They slowed and stopped as Judy fell to her knees and offered the leash to David, who stood closest to her. She had noticed the flame painted on Lisa's tit and thought how it matched her own burning need to submit herself totally to someone, preferably this beautiful man standing before her. 

"Well, well, well, you are certainly eager, aren't you?" asked David, taking the leash and giving it a little shake. 

"Yes, Sir," responded Judy quietly. "I yearn to give myself, heart and soul, to you and whoever you desire should have me." 

"Sounds like we can have some fun!" enthused John. "What do you say, girls, shall we keep her as our plaything for the evening?" 

Lisa's mouth watered at the full, upturned tits topped off with freckles, more prominent after a week in the sun, and red hair. "Yes, let's put her through her paces serving us tonight," she said, reaching out and running a hand under the curve of Judy's right breast. 

"Okay, but I get her first since she gave me the leash!" David declared. "Come on, wench, let's find a place to sit. Looks like the party is about to start." 

With that he gave Judy's leash a tug and the foursome became five, about to embark on a carnal odyssey the likes of which none of them could yet imagine.

Now as the performers danced, Judy was between David's legs, worshiping his rapidly hardening cock. John was caressing Lisa's painted breast and tongue kissing her as Carolyn blew him. 

Breaking their kiss Lisa asked her husband "how is she babe?" 

David groaned an appreciative groan and threw his head back as Judy swallowed his member. "Oh she's good, she's very good," he winked at Lisa as he spoke. 

She blew him a kiss and said "well don't wear her jaws out on your tool too early. I'm sure Johnny boy wants to get your meat between his cheeks, and then Carolyn and I can see how your little slave is at eating pussy." David, Lisa, and John shared a chuckle as the two women who were sucking cock continued their ministrations. 

Around the veranda the sex, food, and celebration settled into a steady rhythm of ebb and flow. No formal activities occurred other than the performers, who continued throughout the evening. The most popular members of the troupe were the two male acrobats who performed oral sex on themselves over and over and over throughout the evening. Wherever one of those two were a small crowd quickly formed as they threw their knees up past their shoulders and opened their mouths.

Food came out in a never ending stream from the kitchens, as did the wine from the cellars. Whenever a new wine was introduced, an appropriate food was also served, always in a form that allowed eating with the fingers. The wait staff had a hell of a job keeping up with all the dirty dishes and glasses nonetheless. Of course it did not help that they were all so distracted by the amazing sex that surrounded them, and the jealousy they felt for the Activities and Dungeon staff who were right in the thick of it.

Steve heartily approved when he saw Julie and Marc begin a mutually congratulatory fuck for their new promotions. Julie had cleared a space on a table, thrown a pillow on top and lay back to allow Marc to fuck her in the missionary position. Steve thought that she probably did that consciously, allowing Marc the dominant position as a way of letting him feel triumphant over her, even though her own promotion was clearly more important to the corporation long term.

As they fucked, Julie kept up a constant barrage of encouragement. "Cum on you stud, if you cream me good you can use some to lube my ass and fuck me there too. That's it; use that big dick to find my g-spot. Oooh, oooh, yeah, just like that lover! God you are good with that cock!" 

Lisa walked close by on her way back to join her group after a freshen up in the ladies room. Julie noticed the hot blonde who had helped Steve set the stage for this week of debauchery by the pool on Monday morning and called out to her. "Hi Lisa, want to join me and Marc for a few minutes? I love the flame on your breast." 

Lisa glanced over at her group. Judy was eating Carolyn as John fucked her in the ass and sucked David off. While there was room for a fifth on Carolyn's tongue Lisa was thrilled to be remembered by Julie and decided to stop. She walked over and kneeled next to Julie's head as Marc continue to fuck Julie in a steady, deep rhythm. 

"Marc has the most luscious cock, you really should give him a try tonight," said Julie as she reached up and caressed Lisa's exposed, painted breast. 

"I'm sure he does," replied Lisa. "But right now I'm more interested in trying you out." She stepped out of her toga and straddled Julie's face. "Marc, would you mind shifting a bit so I can lick her clit while you fuck her?" she asked the blonde Activities Director who would be General Manager in just a few weeks. 

"My pleasure, especially for such pretty eyes," said Marc as he shifted to an upright position, taking Julie's thighs in his hands and spreading her legs even wider. 

Lisa lowered her cunt to Julie's eager tongue and her own mouth to the lovely shaved pussy below her face. She noted Marc's six pack abs and lovely tanned cock as she went down, but quickly focused in on the prominent clit that was begging to be sucked. She was swept up in the aromas coming from the cunt and dick beneath her nose, and quickly lost herself in the sheer lust of the moment.

Nearby, a reasonably fit middle-aged man was arched up on some overstuffed pillows. His wife was sucking and biting his nipples and plunging two fingers into his ass as he masturbated for a small but appreciative audience of three. Herb was one of the three watchers, and when he saw the masturbating man lick his lips at the sight of Herb's athletic seven and a half inch cock he moved closer to offer the man a taste. His wife moaned her approval and redoubled her assault on her husband's tits and ass as the dark chocolate colored cock slipped passed her man's lips. 

This was their anniversary, and this exact scene was one of her husband's favorite fantasies. She just wished someone would come and fuck her as she helped him get off. Like a dream coming true in the next instant she felt soft feminine hands on her ass, tits pressed down against her back, and warm breath hitting her ear. 

"I noticed your pretty little bottom sticking up, and would love to shove my strapon into it. May I?" whispered a sultry voice. 

The woman did not let up her oral assault on her husband's left nipple, and thus could not see who the other woman was, but moaned her assent and wiggled her ass. Roxanne lifted up and winked at her husband Herb, who was thoroughly enjoying the enthusiastic blowjob from the masturbating man. Then she lined her hips up with the woman's and slipped her lightly lubricated strapon into her waiting, spread lips. 

She imagined the velvety feeling that a cock must feel as it moves in and out of a well-lubed cunt, and imagined, not for the first time, that she had a real cock. The thoughts were coming more often these days, and her therapist was actually encouraging her to consider a sex change based upon her own assessment. Roxanne would broach the subject with Herb tomorrow on the plane. She felt no trepidation, because she knew that her horny husband would see it as yet another spice to their already savory relationship. She loved Herb, and wanted to remain married to him, but as a man. 

With that thought she bottomed out and began to fuck the willing woman beneath her. At almost the same time the masturbating man came in buckets, soaking the side of his wife's face and his own belly with gob after gob of gooey sweet liquid. Herb reached down and scooped up a sample, tasting first for himself then offering his sticky finger to Roxanne. She licked the essential fluid from his fingers and smiled at her loving partner even as the woman beneath her began to spasm in an orgasm of her own.

"What's happened to Lisa?" Carolyn asked David as she recovered from her second cum on the tongue of the talented Judy. 

"That's good girl, you just keep licking that clitty until my husband fills you up with his seed, then jump up here like a good little bitch and feed me a creampie," Carolyn instructed while David looked around. 

He had just filled John's mouth with his own seed then leaned down to share it with his lover, who was pounding Judy's ass for all he was worth. 

"There she is," David said, pointing to a table across the way. "I'd know that ass anywhere. It looks like she's got the two Activities Directors right where she wants them and is getting her jollies. God I bet that Julie's twat tastes good," speculated David as he reached for an hors d'ourve. 

"Unnngh, unngh," was the only reply he got from Carolyn, whose clit was between Judy's teeth being flicked at high speed as John yelled out his orgasm. 

David looked down at the little redhead between his two friends. She was quite the spitfire, and as he looked she pulled off Carolyn and John and just as instructed, leapt up to mash her cum-filled cunt onto Carolyn's face. 

As Carolyn began to lick her she locked eyes with David and said, "anything for you, Sir, anything for you!" 

This took David a bit aback, but he quickly wrote it off to the scene they were playing and offered John a glass of Pinot Noir for refreshment.

Lisa was lost in a world of pure desire. Julie had a longer than average tongue, and it was finding places that drove Lisa wild. Julie had also worked her fingers between their sweaty bodies and was rolling Lisa's nipples between thumbs and forefingers. Add the constant flow of girl juice Marc's cock was pumping out of Julie onto Lisa's nose and she felt like she was in heaven. 

Julie's clit was prominent and hard, offering Lisa's tongue just the right amount of resistance as she rolled it first clockwise and then counter. Each change of direction prompted a little buck from Julie and a wicked pinch to Lisa's nipples. Every so often Lisa moved down and licked Marc's shaft as it moved in and out the luscious cunt. This had the effect of putting Lisa's chin on Julie's clit, and she took the opportunity to rub her chin up and down, stretching, then crushing, then stretching the bundle of nerves in a way that Julie was truly loving. As she performed that maneuver yet again a shadow fell over the threesome. She turned her head and saw Steve standing with an amused yet approving look on his face. 

Julie gave her lips a rest from Lisa's cunt and said "Boss, why don't you fuck this fantastic ass, if she'll let you? I'm enjoying her cunt so much I don't think I'll stop all night, but I bet your cock in her butt would give her a great cum." 

"Oh yes, please," begged Lisa, gasping as Julie pinched her nipples again. 

"Well, who am I to say no to a guest?" Steve laughed and reached for some lube on the table. "Do you mind if I go bare back?" he asked.

"Fuck my ass with that beautiful cock!" was Lisa's only reply. 

He first inserted his half-hard cock into Lisa's pussy while Julie licked his balls. This elicited some moans and wiggles from the voracious blonde, punctuated every so often by a little yelp as Julie dug a nail or two into her tits. While his cock was hardening, Steve carefully and thoroughly lubed up Lisa's anus, alternating between two fingers and his thumb moving in and out in a circular, stretching motion. Once hard, he withdrew from Lisa's folds and repositioned his cock as Julie renewed her assault on Lisa's clit. 

Lisa was moaning her approval as she felt the firm yet spongy cockhead contact her sphincter. She concentrated on pushing back and relaxing as Steve pressed slowly but persistently forward. Julie bucked beneath her in orgasm as Lisa suckled her clit, with the resulting motion forcing Lisa's ass back and Steve's cockhead to pop past the resistant muscle. Marc was still steadily fucking his colleague but also secretly wishing that Steve was fucking his ass instead of the woman between them. Once past the resistance, Steve steadily sank his cock balls deep in the warm, tight tunnel of Lisa's ass. 

"Fuck me!" she yelled, coming up for air from Julie's cunt. "Fuck me hard and make me cum on her sweet tongue!" Steve proceeded to comply.

In a far corner of the veranda Steele, the tall black activities staffer with an uncut nine-inch cock, was pounding his impressive tool into Jonathon's willing ass, while Bill, the older man who with his wife had been so tentative until their trip to the spa early in the week, was feeding his cock into Jonathon's mouth. Jonathon was in a sub's heaven, hoping to feel both men's hot sperm jetting into his orifices soon. 

He was clamping and relaxing his sphincter the way Steve had taught him in one of their play encounters at a convention, and thinking "Hoover, Hoover, Hoover..." on every out-stroke from Bill. 

Melinda, Bill's wife, was reclined on a nearby pad watching her husband enjoy Jonathon's talented mouth. She was pumping three fingers of one hand into her vagina, while the other hand toyed and pinched her nipples. 

"May I do that for you, Mistress?" a timid female voice asked. 

Melinda looked up to see a pretty blonde woman wearing a collar, nipple clamps, and a strap-on standing next to her. 
