 The following is the first story in a trilogy sequel to my La Playa series. It is set in the year following the opening of the original resort, and now a team is working in French Polynesia to develop a second property. If you are interested in character development you may want to go back and read the original stories, but I hope you will also find that these stories can stand on their own. 

*****

The sun woke Steve from an erotic dream. His hardon was poking the petite rump of Christie, the Civil Engineer on his team here in French Polynesia. Julie, his Advance Team Director and long time lover, was spooning his back with her arm draped across his torso to touch Christie. Behind her, Corky was snoring softly as he in turn spooned against Julie's firm ass. The four ended up in the huge bed together last night after their late night work session to review the initial site survey for the new La Playa Resort-Polynesia descended into the usual orgy. Corky, an Environmental Scientist, was detailing how they could fold trails and cabanas with outdoor beds into the 500 acre wildlife refuge next to the main lodge when Julie decided she had enough work and dropped to her knees in front of Christie. This was clearly the signal that work was over.

Steve gently lifted Julie's arm to slip off the huge bed. Daylight was creeping in through the wooden shutters of the sprawling one-story condo that looked down the hillside into the town of Papeete. Instead of going to the ensuite bathroom, Steve padded out through the common area of the four-bedroom bungalow toward the outdoor shower. He felt sticky with the salt air, and would welcome the cool shower. As he passed an open doorway of the second bedroom, he saw Maurice's hairy ass pounding someone - apparently one of the women in the group given the shape of the legs wrapped around his middle. 

A feminine "Mon dieu!" rang out just below a shout as he moved on past the doorway, identifying the woman in question as Collette, the team's French designer. Anyone else sleeping in that room was likely now awake. Steve smiled at the thought of the "team building" going on as he stepped out onto the patio.

Mike and Jean were in the hydro pool swimming "laps". They had the water jets on, swimming against the current of the rectangular pool that was only about 20 feet long and 8 wide. Both were nude, doing the breaststroke, and Steve drank in the sight of two tight, tanned male asses surrounded by rippling muscles. Mike was 5'9" and about 180 very firm pounds. His role on the team was as the Land Planner. Jean was a French Polynesian mountain of a man, 6'2" and 200 pounds with a cock to match. Jean was gay, while Mike was a bi bottom who loved BDSM. Steve thought it wouldn't be too much of a hardship if he had to go gay as he watched the two men swim side by side, pacing each other to a great aerobic workout. 

Steve turned on the outdoor shower and stepped under the spray, reaching for the soap. After wetting his hair he stepped out of the water and applied the liquid body wash to his frame and glancing back again at the two swimmers. He saw Mike signal "two" with his fingers to Jean, and after a couple of more strokes the two men rolled over into the backstroke. Now Steve was catching flashes of cock occasionally rising to the surface and he allowed his fingers to massage his breasts, tweaking and tickling his nipples as he continued to watch his two employees swim. His cock was above half-mast as his left hand applied soap to the shaft. He was a solidly confirmed bisexual horn dog. A switch who could top or bottom in any sexual situation. And he loved all sexual situations except those that included humiliation, real pain, or the messier aspects of water sports.

Meanwhile, back in the bedroom Julie woke about the time Steve stepped into the shower. She extricated herself from Corky's embrace, and scooted over to spend a couple of minutes caressing Christie's hair and shoulders. She really dug Christie, who was one of those women who knew instinctively just how hard to bite Julie's clit during lovemaking. She also enjoyed the way she could engulf the smaller woman (Christie stood only 5' tall, and kept her body on a tight leash with a grueling work out regime) and breathe in her hair. Christie wore her hair short in the kind of boy cut both Steve and Julie loved. 

Julie was Steve's second in command on this project, and was a high-ranking executive in the overall La Playa Corporation. She first met Steve about 10 years ago at a bisexual house party in San Antonio, Texas. They became good friends when Steve built a club for bisexual swingers in the Texas Hill Country that Julie joined with her lover. Julie went to work for Steve as the Activities Director of the original La Playa Resort & Spa in the Caribbean. She was promoted to her current position as a result of her outstanding performance in opening that property, which was now world famous and fabulously successful in just its first full year of operation.

Julie was also Steve's lover. She never met a man like Steve before, and they were true bisexual soul mates. There was the slightest hint of friction between herself and Steve's wife, Deanna, but that seemed to be dissipating over the past couple of years. To say Steve and Deanna had an unusual relationship was a gross understatement. They seemed like polar opposites, she a super athletic tomboy and he a nerdy policy consultant before he won the lottery and became a real estate mogul. But when they were together something seemed to go "click" and you couldn't imagine seeing one without the other. The fact that Deanna tolerated and even seemed to encourage her husband's bisexual swinging and love affair with Julie was testament to the strength of their love.

Kissing Christie lightly on the shoulder and glancing at the clock, Julie also got out of bed on a mission of morning ablution. Instead of going outside, she stepped into the ensuite bathroom to relieve herself, followed with a warm bidet rinse. Then she headed out of the suite to find coffee and her boss, already thinking about the full workday they had ahead and how she was going to wrangle this group of horny individualists Steve brought to Polynesia into keeping their hands off of each other.

The coffee that she had set up the night before to start at 7:00 AM was still brewing, and Julie turned her attention to the scene out on the veranda. She saw the splashes of the two men concentrating on their work outs, but what really caught her eye was the soapy lather all over Steve's torso, and especially on his crotch where he was now fucking his own hands - literally holding his two hands together in a tunnel and thrusting his hips to pump his cock in and out. A wave of lust swept over Julie, and she stepped quickly out and under the spray of the shower, forgetting completely about work. 

Steve pulled Julie into a passionate kiss, and reached for the body wash to begin soaping her torso. They rubbed their soapy bodies all over one another, running hands into ass cracks and up in their hair, reveling in the slick contact and humping their genitals against each others thigh. This went on for a couple of minutes until Julie extricated herself and reached for the shower wand and hose assembly. 

After making sure the temperature was right, cool but not cold as Steve had the main shower, she sexily and seductively rinsed herself, playing the small jets over her now protruding clit several times. She then turned the nozzle on Steve, starting with directing the spray to his nipples, which she knew were like on/off switches for sex to him. She rinsed him thoroughly, paying special attention to and teasing but his ass with the shower wand. 

Replacing the wand on its hook, Julie now sank to her knees and began to suck Steve's cock while he stood under the shower spray. Steve cradled her face and cheeks in his hands as he watched his cock force Julie's cheek out and felt her tongue play along the bottom of his shaft. Looking up, Steve saw Mike complete his workout and begin to exit the pool, his big cock swinging and slapping his thighs. Steve's mouth began to water, but his attention was snapped back to the mouth on his genitals as Julie bit and stretched his ball sack while pumping his shaft with her hand.

Julie continued the blowjob, swallowing Steve now to the root, pulling back until just the head was in her mouth, then clamping down and sucking hard to feel the bulb bulge against her swirling tongue. She kept this up for a couple of minutes, with Steve closing his eyes, rolling his head back, and uttering a guttural moan. Knowing that this was a sign Steve was nearly there, Julie picked up her tempo, bobbing back and forth on the oh, so familiar cock in her mouth. 

Seeing Steve and Julie in the shower, Mike grinned luridly, hurried over to the shower, and dropped to his knees next to Julie. By twisting and leaning carefully, supporting himself with one hand, Mike was able to get to Steve's balls, and suck the left ball and sack into his mouth, rolling the egg-shaped organ between his tongue and cheek. Julie remembered the scene on the stage at the opening night of La Playa - Caribbean, when she and Marc, who was now that property's General Manager, had serviced this same appendage before an audience of 100 appreciative hedonists.

Steve only thought about how fantastic two mouths on his genitals felt, and hissed "yes, I'm cumming!" 

Julie clamped down and stopped bobbing, sucking on the cock head like a straw, and drew the cum up Steve's pulsing shaft. He shuddered and jerked, but Mike retained his lip lock on Steve's sack, even as the ball in that sack tried to draw up as it released its seed. 

"Oh shit I'm such a slut," groaned Steve as he emptied his member onto Julie's welcoming tongue.

After taking Steve's last spurt, Julie slowly rose, drawing Mike with her, and pulled the two men into a three-way kiss to share the tasty love philter. The three ran their tongues lewdly over each other's lips, smearing the nectar around lips and cheeks. Finally, Steve drew Mike in for a soulful kiss, then released him and took Julie fully into his arms and joined their lips with a fierce passion. 

Jean was now out of the pool as well and called out to Mike, "hey boy, come stick that hard meat in me!" Mike moved away from Julie and Steve who were now back under the shower spray and reaching for shampoo. He grabbed the bottle of lube off the poolside table as he went to fuck Jean. Jean shook the water from his long hair, smoothing it back behind his ears and dropping onto all fours on one of the oversized chaise lounges. Mike lubed himself as he walked, pulling his cock into a raging hardness. 

Mounting the chaise, Mike dropped to his knees behind the gay Polynesian, spread the deep brown cheeks before him and squirted a big dollop of lube on Jeans waiting sphincter. Mike used his cock as an applicator and rubbed the lube around Jean's hole, then roughly thrust himself into the other man's ass. He was not worried about hurting Jean, who had a reputation of being a true ass slut and was often known to wear a butt plug during work. Jean grunted, not in pain but pleasure, and flexed his ass around Mike's beautiful cock. Jean reached down to grab some of the lube and began to jack his own cock. The two settled into a vigorous but steady fuck that lasted nearly ten minutes before Mike pumped his morning load deep into his lover's bowels.

In the meantime Julie washed her own short, boy-cut red hair while Steve shaved his face. Neither needed to shave elsewhere as they both underwent regular laser hair removal treatments for everything below their necks. As they completed their washes Julie turned off the water, grabbed two towels from the nearby rack, and struck up a conversation.

"Last night was a blast, thanks," she said. 

"I enjoyed it too. Corky is a lot of fun when he gets into his kinky moods," Steve replied. Corky had serviced several different members of the team, and begged Julie to fuck his ass with her small hand.

"Yeah, I had fun fisting him, but I really enjoyed sharing Christie with you."

"You really like her, don't you? I mean as more than just a fuck buddy," Steve inquired.

"Well, yes, I guess I do think of her a lot," Julie said. "Somehow she eats my clit like no one ever has. It's hard to explain, but she can get me on a high with her tongue and just keep me going through cum after cum."

"You had your eyes closed and didn't notice, but Corky and I forgot about making out and just sat and watched you as you arched into her mouth last night," Steve said. "It was truly beautiful to see you enjoy yourself that way... but you changed the subject. I meant that I see love in your eyes when you look at her, and when you think of her like you're doing now."

"Ok, nosey, I guess I do feel something extra for her, and it's a lot like what I feel for you," Julie replied. "But I'm trying to take it slow because I don't want to fuck up what you and I have, and I don't want to fuck up my friendship with her, and I don't want to fuck up our working relationship because this project is huge."

A look of worry crossed Steve's face. "I'm sorry if I pushed too hard," he said, "but I want you to know that it's more than okay with me if you have multiple lovers. Deana is always going to be my number one, and while you do a great job both as my lover and my partner, I know that you may find someone to be your primary relationship, and that doesn't threaten me or our working relationship one bit."

"God, what cloud did you drift down from?" Julie asked as she turned off the shower and moved back into his arms.

"I want you to be totally happy and fulfilled, Julie," Steve said, smiling. "I want you to know the kind of love Deana and I share."

"I know, and thank you," Julie replied. "I'm not ready to take the leap with Christie to make her my live-in lover...yet," she continued. "But I really hope she wakes up hungry for more than just breakfast this morning. After sucking you off I need a cum, and I want it to be on her tongue more than anything! Come on, let's get some coffee."

They stood together drying and chatting about the coming workday, transitioning smoothly from lovers to coworkers. Once they were dry Julie took Steve by the hand and led him inside as Mike and Jean continued their morning rut under a quickly intensifying sun. The smell of coffee pervaded the kitchen of the huge bungalow, and they heard the sounds of a couple of different showers running elsewhere in the building.

While Julie and Steve were sipping their coffee the team of catering staff from the resort they were using as their headquarters let themselves into the front door. Julie and Steve were of course nude, and made no move to cover themselves. For the first week or so during the two months the team was in French Polynesia the service staff, comprised almost exclusively of Filipino nationals, were taken aback by the casual nudity of this group of guests. The all-male catering staff got over their embarrassment first, openly ogling the gorgeous women guests. It perhaps took the female housekeeping staff longer to adjust both because of their Roman Catholic upbringing and the fact that they kept finding used condoms and rubber gloves in the trash bins, and had to move a wide variety of sex toys, lubricants, and other paraphernalia to do the daily dusting. Nonetheless, the bus boy's jaw dropped as he looked out the French doors to see to the two men fucking by the pool. The lead waiter brought the bus boy back to reality with a sharp word.

Recovering quickly, the waiter directed his team as they rolled in carts laden with hot breakfast in chafing dishes, large trays of fruits and pastries, and an assortment of juices. Julie thanked the crew with a smile, inwardly grinning as half of them stared at her nipples, and told the head waiter that the team would not be dining at the resort on Wednesday evening that week. They had developed a good rapport over the past couple of months, and Julie hoped that he was getting some relief at home from all the visual stimulation he was receiving at work.

By now Jean and Mike were cleaning up in the outdoor shower, Corky retrieved a cup of coffee as headed to the master bedroom ensuite, and Christie was perusing the fruit tray. Julie winked at Steve and walked quietly up behind Christie, encircling the petite blond haired, blue-eyed engineer in her arms and placing her hands directly on a set of 34d tits.

"Good morning, gorgeous," Julie murmured into Christie's ear. "How'd you sleep?"

"Lovely, thanks," Christie replied as she turned and kissed Julie full on the lips. "And you?"

"I slept great, and I dreamt of your tongue," Julie grinned devilishly. "I don't suppose you'd care to have a little girl cream with your fruit this morning?"

"Oh, you ARE insatiable!" Christie laughed. "And incorrigible too. I saw what you were doing to our employer out under the shower just now!"

"Guilty on both counts," Julie confessed. "But I'm particularly insatiable for you!"

"Oh you minx," Christie said. "Go get settled on the couch while I get a plate of fruit. I'll join you and we'll see what kind of trouble we can make with a strawberry."

Steve settled down at the dining table with a plate of breakfast and his iPad, starting his day with an email to Deanna as always. Though he was tempted to join the two women on the sofa, he kept his focus on his ultimate true love and shared a gossipy few paragraphs with his wife. But as he hit "send" he was distracted by Julie's cry of passion - Christie was nibbling on her clit and fucking her with a peeled banana. Steve grinned and reluctantly headed toward the bedroom to dress.