 Author's note: Three scenes in this story, the pool scene, the fivesome, and the final threesome with our hero masturbating as a husband and wife suck on his nipples, actually happened to me much as they are written at a house party in Texas around the turn of the century. This was the most memorable swinger experience in my life. I still get excited remembering those events, and I hope they get you hot and bothered. 

Wednesday Evening – The French Orgy

With their final week in Polynesia half way over, the team was hurrying to get a lot of work done, but Steve insisted that they all take Wednesday evening for what would be an important marketing and goodwill event with the locals. The fact that this was also to be a swinger house party turned it into something of a bonus. Now it was evening, just after the summer sunset as their two limos pulled up to the door of an impressive villa on a hill overlooking Papeete harbor. It was low slung and sprawling, built into the side of the hill in the French Colonial style, all front porch and big French doors that obviously opened to allow in the sea breezes. Steve waited for the group to assemble and led them up the steps to the front door. The door opened before he got to the doorbell button, and they were greeted by a large Polynesian man in a suit. 

"Good evening, Mesdames and Messieurs," said the big, dark skinned muscle. "Madame has been summoned. Won't you step inside?"

As the door closed behind the group a beautiful, older woman swept into the foyer. She was clearly 60+ years old, but obviously spent a lot of money on plastic surgery and stylists and a lot of time in a gym. Her hair was pinned up in a severe bun, her white skirt was full and swept to the floor, but the white leather bustier on her torso was the most striking part of her outfit. It lifted her breasts, and was cut to support their weight while totally exposing nipples that had been rouged to stand out against the white of her clothing and her surprisingly fair skin given the climate where she lived.

"Etienne, welcome to my home!" she said with a thick French accent, kissing Steve quickly on both cheeks.

"Aurienne, thank you so much for having us. I've heard so much about your parties and what a wonderful hostess you are," Steve replied. Let me introduce you to the gang..."

After several minutes of "how do you dos" and more cheek kisses Aurienne clapped her hands and the big man returned, looming near a closed door. 

"My friends, again welcome to my home. I hope you will excuse my manners, but there are so many of you that I cannot give individual tours. I know you are all experienced with what Americans call 'house parties' and that you will respect the rules of the house. There is only one, the traditional 'no means no.' Ahohako helps with that rule if necessary, his name means 'storm' in English, but he is also here to provide anything you might need. He is the only servant at the party, but I hope that you will find everything your hearts may desire on the buffet in the dining room to the right. The door on the left, where Ahohako is standing, is available if you care to leave any articles of clothing behind as you enter the party. I see most of you have small bags with toys and supplies, but if you need more or want to experiment you will find many scattered about."

"There are 30 other people here, both couples and singles," Aurienne continued. "Some flew in today from Australia and New Guinea, just to play with you. They are all more or less bi, and some I think you will find to be quite kinky. There are no locks on any doors, and no sex acts are forbidden. That includes my two pet wolfhounds, who you will find to have eager and energetic tongues and pricks. They are kept in the room with the gate on the door, please enjoy them there if you choose, but do not let them escape! Now, please, you are our guests of honor. Drop anything you want in the cloakroom and allow me to introduce you to the others!"

Steve shucked out of his shorts and folded them over the back of a chair. He completely unbuttoned but kept on the silk Hawaiian shirt he wore, revealing the gold chain that connected his nipple clamps. The gold on his torso matched the simple cock ring he wore around his scrotum.

Julie was in a light, white cotton dress cut well above the knee. The dress was closed by a line of buttons from her neckline to the hem. She simply unbuttoned the bottom and top three buttons, leaving three closed in her midriff, but allowing any potential lover easy access to her charms. Aurienne had been watching avidly, and stepped closer to Julie

"Julie," she said in her thick accent. "Thank you so much for helping me arrange this soiree." Aurienne leaned in to nuzzle Julie's neck, and reached inside Julie's dress to carress her breast. 

"Aurienne, I'm so glad we'll finally get a chance to play," Julie smiled and lifted Aurienne's lips for a tongue kiss. "But we better get the others out to the party right now. Can I have the pleasure of tasting you right after the introductions?"

"Ooh la la, I love a woman who is unafraid to ask for what she wants," Aurienne said. "Of course, cherie, you may have me. We can even go share Bruno and Klaus, my pets?"

"Well, I'm not really in to bestiality," Julie replied, "but I do love pussy! I think you might find Paulette interested in your pets. And I know Collette is hoping to try some new things tonight – she is wanting to spread her wings."

"Of course, ma cherie, of course," said Aurienne, "thank you for being so frank. I will hold your hand until my hostess duties are done, then we will make love," she said in a conspiratorial tone, then louder "please follow me, nous alons!"

Aurienne held Julie's hand and led her guests through a sprawling den that looked like something out of the 1970's, complete with sunken conversation pit. The wall of French doors on the back of the house all stood open, revealing a beautifully lighted pool surrounded by a wide deck with many chairs and chaise lounges around it. 

"Attention, s'il vous plait! Attention!" she cried, clapping her hands like a school teacher. The small crowd of people, some in formal evening wear, many in sexy party attire that left nothing to the imagination, a few in leather accoutrements and two girls completely nude, ceased their conversations, make out sessions, and cock sucking (the two girls rose up from their knees) to listen to the hostess.

"These are the people we have all heard about, who are bringing the wonderful new resort to our islands!" Aurienne announced.

She spoke like a commissioner of tourism for a minute or two, introduced each member of the Team to polite applause. True to her word, she kept a firm grip on Julie's hand, squeezing and pulling it against her diaphanous skirt and pressing it into her thigh.

"And now my friends, I hope you enjoy your evening. Let the games begin!" 

With that Aurienne let Julie's hand drop and stepped forward. With a flourish she whipped off her skirt, revealing thin, firm thighs and a pussy with large flapping lips. Then she surprised everyone by ripping her bustier off (it had been designed and sewn specially for just such a display. Turning back to Julie, Aurienne undid the last three buttons on her dress and reached up to caressingly slip it from her shoulders, letting it drop at her feet, and stepped forward to take Julie in her arms.

"Come, cherie," she whispered. "The pool is marvelous this time of day."

The two naked women kissed hungrily, then Aurienne broke their embrace and, again taking Julie by the hand, stepped out of the house and down into the pool.

Many of the guests obviously had the same idea, as the pool quickly filled with 20 to 25 naked bodies of all shapes and sizes. Steve folded his shirt onto the back of a chaise and. removed his nipple clamps, then stepped down into the pool filled with many strangers.

Swingers at house parties are never strangers very long. Steve saw Julie and Aurienne kissing feverishly on the other side of the crowd. The pool was apparently one depth throughout, only about five feet, and the water was apparently slightly cooled by refrigeration, because such a pool would normally be warm in this tropical climate. Instead this pool was, like the evening air, a nearly perfect neutral temperature, not too cool but no too warm. Steve stood in the refreshing water, and listened to the conversation ebb and flow, exchanging greetings and little nothings of conversation with people who had French, Australian, Polynesian, German, and English accents, and somehow bobbing and floating more toward the center of the literally buoyant crowd.

Though this was a swing party, no one overtly touched Steve. A few couples were kissing, but none as avidly as Julie and Aurienne. In fact, he watched Julie boost Aurienne up to the pool deck, her legs dangling into the water, and dive into the older woman's well trimmed muff.

After a while, Steve became aware of an English couple to his left, and of a curious phenomenon taking place. The 25 or so bodies in the pool were unconsciously floating closer and closer together. Almost like gravity attracting celestial bodies, skin began to contact skin. He looked over trying to catch Julie's eye. They had experienced a similar phenomenon together at a party in Texas a decade ago, but she was focused in on a French clit.

The English woman's thigh came into firm contact with Steve's. He gently snaked a hand around her waist, and felt her husband do the same from her other side. They struck up a conversation, learning little tidbits about each other and slowly increasing the contact. 

The Englishman, John, seemed a bit up tight, and stiffened a bit when his wife, Mary, boldly told Steve "John has never been with a man before. We hope to correct that before the night is out."

Before Steve could reply an Australian couple swirled into their orbit, as the crowd continued to compress. Steve now felt the skin of other people touching his from every side. Bob and Jo Anne introduced themselves with heavy Aussie accents, and Steve could see that the two of them were primarily interested in the English woman, Mary. He could understand why. Mary was actually the tallest of this group of five, easily approaching six feet, with striking auburn hair and green eyes atop a lithe and athletic body. Steve slipped an arm around Bob and pulled the couple in closer. John closed the circle by reaching down to cup Jo Anne's ample ass.

Steve began to marvel at the subconscious, and intensely sensual, act of community that was occurring in the pool. Arms and hands were now clearly moving underwater, and the group continued to press together, bobbing like an iceberg from one side of the pool to the other. As if by unspoken agreement, the two women leaned in to kiss one another. Mary was drawn into the center of the circle, and Steve extended his left arm around John, lightly caressing his ass as his wife made out with the buxom Aussie.

Finally Bob made his move and suggested "why don't we take this into the TV room?"

Almost instantly thereafter, Aurienne cried out in an orgasm induced by Julie's talented tongue. This seemed to magically break the spell for the entire group, and they began to make their way out of the water in couples and small groups, grabbing towels from the poolside table and wandering off in search of hedonistic delights. 

Bob, the Australian man, led the fivesome out of the pool. Mary and Jo Anne, Bob's wife, had their arms around each other's waists, and Steve and John brought up the rear, Steve again caressing John's rear and John reaching over to sneak a feel of Steve's cock while they were still deep enough for him to feel safe that no one would see. Steve decided to focus some attention on this guy, and help him learn to relax and enjoy men tonight.

Bob obviously knew his way around the sprawling mansion. He led the group straight to a room that was lined with one of those couch sets with extra large, over-stuffed cushions. They were almost like day beds that fit together in a big "U" shape. A large square coffee table had been moved off into a corner to free up the floor inside the U, and a huge HD TV screen lit up the wall with bi porn playing on it. Two small-breasted blondes were being ass fucked by two skinny but muscular men, who were leaning over and kissing each other. Steve remembered seeing this same scene in an Eastern European porn flick a few years back. Bob flopped down on the couch and, looking at Steve, patted the cushion next to him. John followed Steve to the couch while the two women moved into each other's arms. 

Mary and Jo Anne made out with a fierce urgency. Their bodies were in stark contrast to each other. Mary had the lithe figure of a gymnast, with the resemblance only broken by the fact that she was so tall. Jo Anne was Rubenesque, with large pendulous breasts and tightly coifed curly hair. They were experienced swingers, and relished putting on a show for the men.

The men happily obliged them with rapt attention, though Bob's hand had gone straight to pumping Steve's cock, and Steve was working John up with his hand. As Steve's cock rose, Bob leaned over and engulfed it, sucking hard on the bulbous crown. Steve heard John catch his breath at the sight, and he leaned over himself to hold and lick John's cock. John threw his head back and moaned loudly, eliciting an answering moan from his wife.

Jo Anne was the more aggressive of the two women, lowering her head and sucking on Mary's nipples, biting them hard and then lashing them with her tongue. Their hands were all over each other, and they undulated their bodies together to the beat of the cheesy music coming from the porno. Jo Anne, reacting to Mary's moan as Mary watched her husband have gay sex for the first time, slipped a finger between Mary's labia and discovered that the other woman's sex was gushing with lust.

Steve rose back up, but kept his hand on John's cock, pumping it slowly and firmly, while Bob swirled his tongue around the crown of Steve's cock. This guy was an experienced cocksucker, and it was Steve's turn to let out a small moan of appreciation. He turned his face and smiled a wicked smile at John. He would have liked to lean in for a kiss, but was worried about how John might react. Many men in the lifestyle are extremely sensitive about appearing to be "gay," even while they secretly long to be treated like a Kansas City Whore.

Jo Anne, feeling Mary's wetness, plunged three fingers into her pussy and placed her thumb on her clit, then began to pump her arm furiously. 

Mary cried out "Oh Yes!" and spread her legs to catch her balance and give her lover full access to her sex.

Jo Anne latched on to Mary's right nipple, and bit down hard. Mary cried out again, her knees buckled, and she came. In recovering her balance she had to step back from Jo Anne, and Jo Anne's cum soaked fingers left her cunt. Mary whimpered and stepped back closer, reaching out to pull Jo Anne to her as the other woman now focused exclusively on Mary's clit. Mary began to moan incoherently, and clearly went through several small, convulsive orgasms. 

Finally she pushed Jo Anne away and yelled "I need to be fucked!"

She moved straight over to Bob, never even giving her husband a glance, and pulled him off of Steve's cock. Steve did not resent the intrusion, and proved it by grabbing Bob's cock and helping Mary put a condom on it that she grabbed from a nearby bowl, then aiming it at Mary's vagina as she straddled the Australian face-to-face. Bob's cock was a fat eight inches, and most women would need to work their way down on such a girth, but Mary sank right down to the root, and began to undulate her hips slowly. 

Letting out a satisfied sigh, she looked over at John and said, "Oh honey this cock feels fantastic! I want to fuck it all night. Are you enjoying yourself, you naughty boy?" Somehow, this clichéd question for a house party seemed a bit wicked when said with a refined English accent. John flushed but nodded his agreement. 

Jo Anne moved up and rubbed her tits on Mary's back, giving Steve a chance to reach over and touch the Australian woman for the first time. He ran his left hand up her inner thigh and explored the folds of her labia, even as his right hand continued to pump John steadily and purposefully. He wanted to taste Jo Anne's tits, so he released his grip on John and leaned forward, engulfing and sucking her nipple hard.

"Yeah mate, suck that titty," Bob encouraged Steve. Bob's own hands were roughly handling Mary's tits, and she was obviously reveling in all the attention. 

Jo Anne warned Steve, "Suck, but don't bite, honey, I hate it when they get bitten too hard."

Steve responded by rising fully from the couch and moving behind Jo Anne. Noticing her husband sitting alone, Mary motioned for him to move closer, and she reached out and ran her hands across John's chest. Steve reached around Jo Anne, grasped each of her nipples between a thumb and forefinger, and stretched them out.

"Ooh, how did you know?" enthused Jo Anne. "That I love!"

The group fucked like this for a few more minutes. Steve pulling and twisting Jo Anne's nipples while he humped his cock against her ass. Jo Anne now reaching around Mary and replacing her husband's hands on Mary's tits with her own. Bob, releasing his grip on Mary's orbs reluctantly, but then reaching out to roughly handle John's cock. And John just basically perving on the whole scene, grinning up at his wife.

Presently Mary said "time to really fuck!" and twisted off of Bob's lap. She turned around, straddled Bob again in a reverse cowgirl position with her knees on the couch, and steered his fat and glistening cock back into her now gaping cunt. She reached out for Jo Anne, placed her hands on her shoulders, and pressed down.

"Lick me. Lick us both while we fuck," she pleaded with Jo Anne.

Jo Anne, who had come to the party for pussy, was more than happy to oblige. She dropped to her knees and dove right in between the two sets of thighs and slurping loudly. 

Steve was now left with a dilemma: should he bend down himself and fuck Jo Anne, or should he return to John? John glanced over at him, their eyes met, and John made up Steve's mind for him by arching his thighs. Steve moved in front of John and dropped to his knees, twisting his head to lick John's balls and nuzzle Bob's hand away. Bob was only too happy to let go and renew his assault on Mary's breasts.

Steve put real enthusiasm into his blowjob of John. He sucked each of John's balls into his mouth and swirled his tongue around them. He licked up the shaft, stopping to suck and nibble along the way. He lashed the sensitive underside of John's cockhead with a tongue flicking like a snake, then dove down and swallowed as much of John's cock as he could get in a quick move.

Mary, looking down and seeing her husband receiving head from another man, let out an animal growl and said "That is so fucking hot!"

Steve put on a show for the couple, loudly sucking and licking John's shaft. This was the kind of cock he loved to suck, about six and a half or seven inches long, and of relatively small girth. He could really relish such a cock, and relish it he did, transitioning into a rapid bobbing of his head, letting his tongue lave the cock on the way down, then sucking firmly on the way back up. John moaned and flopped his head back on the couch, arching his hips to fuck Steve's mouth.

This sent Mary into a frenzy. She was mewing and whining, and began to bounce rapidly up and down on Bob's cock, her eyes never leaving the sight of her husband's dick in the mouth of another man. Jo Anne of course couldn't continue to lick Mary as she bounced, so instead she reached in and massaged her husband's balls with one hand, and up to replace her husband's hand on Mary's left breast with the other.
