 Epilogue: The Flight Home

Steve, Deana, and Julie were on Steve's personal G-5 on the first leg of their journey back to Texas. It was mid-afternoon on Sunday, Tahitian time. Just 24 hours since Deana showed up on the doorstep of the bungalow in Papeete. Following yesterday's impromptu orgy, Deana had fulfilled her promise to Steve and gone straight to bed, exhausted from a combination of jet lag, strong emotions, and cumming until she was drained.

They were just over two hours into an eight hour nonstop leg to San Diego, where they would spend four days adjusting to the time change, making the rounds with some of the area swinger clubs for marketing (and fun) purposes, and meeting with some La Playa stockholders. Then it would be home to the Texas Hill Country.

Christie and part of the team remained in Polynesia, continuing the work to plan the new resort. Julie would return to lead that team in a few weeks and would live with Christie in the islands for at least the next six months. Other team members were on a separate La Playa corporate jet, this one a 737 that was normally used for swinger junkets to La Playa - Caribbean. They carried along computers, survey and drafting equipment, soil samples for analysis, and the other accoutrements that the team used in their fieldwork to study the proposed resort site for the past two months. The entire team would not be together again until a week long meeting with their architects and engineers, which would happen in about six weeks in Honolulu.

As was his custom, Steve had the pilots keep the cabin of the plane warm, and he was now sitting nude in a luxurious leather swivel chair, a margarita close at hand, catching up on email and news from the broader sex industry. Deana, still groggy even after 12 solid hours of sleep, had her head facing Steve in Julie's lap on the identically upholstered couch that ran along the other side of the plane. Deana was in a very light sarong, made out of material little thicker than gauze, and Julie wore cargo shorts and a tee shirt. The women were talking about Julie's new life with Christie as Julie ran her hands through Deana's hair.

"I'm just so happy for you, honey!" Deana exclaimed. "I always wondered if you would find someone again. I even thought on the flight to Polynesia about whether or not you might want to truly move in with me and Steve, now that I've finally 'seen the light' as it were."

"Oh Dee, that's so wonderful. Thank you!" replied Julie. "Steve and I discussed a poly arrangement a number of years ago, but we came to the conclusion that we are incredibly close friends, and obviously great sex partners, but neither of us are interested in a 24/7 living arrangement. Isn't that right, Boss?"

"Hmm?" replied Steve, his attention torn away from his reading. "Oh, yeah," he said. "I didn't want to put any more strain on our relationship, Dee. You were already so supportive. Julie and I make great fuckbuddies and business partners, but we like having our space from each other emotionally as well. That's worked out perfectly, don't you think?"

"Yes," said Deana, "and now that I fully understand the separation of deep emotion and sex it should be even easier. But Julie, how will your new relationship with Christie effect your partnership, both in business and in sex, with Steve?"

"Actually, I think the business part may be the biggest challenge," replied Julie. "Christie is an experienced swinger, and actually leans more toward men than women, sexually. That makes me worry just a bit about a female-to-female relationship with her. But she and I have talked that out, and we know that we both have tastes and desires that can only be met with multiple playmates from both sexes, so we'll have a completely open and honest relationship, just like you and Steve. On the business front though, Christie is also my employee. I think we're going to address that by having her leave her job with the company and become a consultant to the Polynesia project. Is that ok with you, Steve?"

"I think that's probably best," said Steve. "And Dee," he continued, "I think Christie could really benefit from talking with you about how you've handled all my hijinks through the course of our marriage. You've been absolutely a saint, and incredibly accepting and loving. That along with full and open honesty are the real keys to any successful relationship, even when your partner isn't out screwing other people all the time."

"Well, I don't know how saintly I've been," responded Deana. "I seem to recall a lot of tears and fighting, especially in the early years. But I'm happy I stuck it through, and now that I'm part of the lifestyle I think we're just going to be happier. Christie asked me yesterday if we can talk, and I'll be happy to share a bottle of wine with her sometime soon."

"My love, I can't imagine how I could possibly be happier than you make me every day, but I'm sure you're right about our future!" Steve smiled.

"That's really why I've put up with him all this time, Julie," said Dee. "He always says exactly the right thing at the right time. That and the Amex Black Card I get to carry by being married to him!"

The three lovers laughed at that, and Steve went back to his reading. Dee dozed off in Julie's lap. Julie marveled yet again at how far Dee had come in the past few weeks, and continued to stroke her hair lovingly.

As Steve finished his email he turned to some of the swinger websites that he was a member of. Even though he was "in the industry" he still kept up with his many friends and playmates just as when swinging was more of a hobby than a vocation. As he scrolled through blog posts, calendar invitations, and party notices he realized that he needed to update all of his profiles to reflect Dee's new found swinger status. Most of his profiles were as a married bi male, playing alone with a kitchen pass. Two were couples profiles that featured Julie as his partner. He'd have to talk things over with Dee, and also check in with Julie. He wanted to keep Julie as a very close playmate, but he also wanted to eliminate any possibilities of friction with Christie. As Frank Herbert wrote: "Beginnings are such delicate times."

As he browsed the websites Steve unconsciously fell into his regular habit of self-stimulation and masturbation. A hand strayed to his nipples regularly, or he caressed his cock and balls. His shaft stiffened slightly. 

Julie was using her iPad to cruise some of those same swinger sites as Deana dozed in her lap. She noticed Steve playing with himself across the plane, and thought to herself "why not?" She raised a hand to caress a nipple through the fabric of her shirt.

Deana rolled in her sleep so that her face was toward Julie's belly. The sarong rode up her thighs and revealed her panty-less bottom to Steve. His mouth watered a bit. Julie took advantage of the movement to strip her tee shirt off, exposing her tanned breasts with their prominent nipples. Steve looked up and smiled wickedly at the sight, then returned to his reading.

The two lovers teased each other visually. Steve, having more freedom of movement, turned his chair directly toward Julie and spread his legs, then played with his cock, balls, perineum, and anus. Julie, still cradling the sleeping Deana, pulled and twisted her own nipples, sending little shocks into her belly. She also lewdly licked her lips and blew kisses to Steve. 

After a while, Steve decided he wanted something more. Moving quietly so as to not disturb his wife, he went back to the plane's bedroom and retrieved some toys and supplies. He reached into the fully stocked bath and brought along a couple of fluffy white towels. Spreading one of the towels to protect the leather of his seat, he sat down and raised his knees onto the arms of the chair, still fully facing Julie. 

He took two small suction bulbs and applied them to his nipples, causing them to stretch into the glass and swell. Then he pulled his legs up and scooted down to reveal the rosebud of his anus. He used some lube to loosen the pucker up, then lubed a medium butt plug and inserted it into his ass. Then he lubed his cock and began to masturbate in earnest, but not so as to cum. He was edging, and sharing it with his lover.

This went on for some time longer. Julie continued to play with her own breasts and nipples, and enjoy the show Steve was putting on. Steve sent her to the occasional dirty IM via one of the websites so as not to wake up Dee, and kept himself as close to the edge of cumming as he could without going over the top. 

"My, what a nice sight to wake up to," Dee said with a yawn, looking up at Julie pulling on her bare nipples.

Dee yawned again and sat up, with her back still to Steve. She kissed Julie, and then lowered her mouth to Julie's right nipple. She found the taste and feel on her tongue delightful.

"Mmmm, and hello, sleepy," replied Julie, cradling Dee's head and encouraging her to suck on the bud of the nipple. "Your horndog husband is being dirty again."

Deana looked over her shoulder at Steve, who was now fucking the butt plug in and out of his anus, the two suction bulbs on his nipples bouncing. He gripped his cock tightly in his fist, and ran his thumb roughly back and forth across the bulging head. He grinned at his wife.

"God, he's just insatiable!" exclaimed Dee. "I think I want both you and Christie to move in with us. I need all the help I can get!"

"Happy to oblige, my dear," replied Julie. "I've just never been able to get enough of your husband's cock. Thank you again for sharing with me."

"And thank you for sharing yourself with me yesterday," Deana said in a husky voice as she looked deeply into Julie's eyes. "I've denied myself the pleasure of women for my whole life, and I was so happy to let myself go with you. Thank you also for sharing Christie so freely with me!"

"Dee, it was genuinely my pleasure, and Christie's too," responded Julie. "I've always found you incredibly sexy, and I'm so glad we can finally play together. In fact, watching Steve masturbate has made me horny. May I eat you now?"

"No, honey, I don't think so," said Deana. "I'm going to be too busy eating you for a while!" Deana kissed Julie deeply and long.

With that Deana slid off the couch and began unbuttoning Julie's shorts. Julie smiled and winked across the plane at Steve, and lifted her hips to shimmy out of the tight fitting clothing. She reached over and grabbed the other towel Steve brought out, and spread it below her to protect the fine leather. Deana, impatient to again eat pussy, sat back on her haunches with a hungry look in her eyes while Julie got things situated.

Julie leaned back, straightened her legs and spread them wide. Her hairless pussy was already swollen and pink, and she reached down and spread her outer labia to reveal the glistening wetness of her vulva. Deana licked her lips, and quickly dove between Julie's outstretched legs.

Beginning with running her lips up and down Julie's labia, Deana drank of Julie's nectar, then extended her tongue into the folds. Julie's musk was pungent, but Deana was surprised to find that she was acquiring a taste for pussy. She thought about how she used to push her husband's tongue away from her sex, because she thought of the taste and smell as revolting. This was a result of her Catholic upbringing, and the abuse from the Sisters at her all-girls high school. She made a vow to herself now to never push Steve away again, and to continue to acquire new tastes in swinging.

Because of her inexperience, Deana was unsure of the best thing to do with Julie's clit that was now standing up proudly. She decided that the best course would be to pretend that her tongue was a finger, and manipulate the bud as she did her own during masturbation. She also remembered that she liked indirect stimulation the best, so she avoided simply sucking Julie's clit into her mouth like a little cock. 

Julie moaned, and knowing something of Deana's inexperience, offered some coaching. "Yes, Dee, like that! You can roll your tongue around my clit every so often too. Yes! That's it. Now flatten your tongue out and lick my pussy from my vagina to my clit. Oh, yeah, that's nice, honey!"

Deana was grateful for Julie's coaching, and decided to try another move on her own volition. She inserted her index finger into Julie's vagina, and made the "come here" motion that she had read about in her browsing of sex sites on the internet. She touched the spongy area on the roof of the Julie's vagina, behind her pee hole, that felt like it had nubbins or little wrinkles in it, and rubbed her finger around in a circle.

"Ohhh, that's nice! You're a fast learner, and a naughty one!" Julie groaned. "You keep that up, and maybe add a second finger in a bit, and you'll hit my G-spot. But fair warning, I can be a squirter some times!"

Dee pulled her face up and smiled at Julie. "I hope so! I squirted myself for the first time with Jeff and Penny a couple of months ago. It was fantastic, and I want to make you feel just as good, lover."

With that she went back to devouring Julie's hairless, perfectly smooth cunt. She licked and tickled Julie's pee hole. She sucked on Julie's labia. And she continued her gentle massage of Julie's vagina.

Steve was grinning like a proud father whose son just scored his first touchdown in Pee Wee Football. The difference of course being that most fathers aren't fucking themselves with a butt plug during league play. And he was indeed proud of his wife. She was overcoming so much. She had been so patient and supportive with him through the decades of their marriage. And he knew she had struggled with jealousy of the very woman whose pussy she was now eating with such gusto. He decided that it was time to join the ladies.

He slipped down onto the floor of the aircraft, and moved behind his wife. Her butt was still partially covered by the gauzy sarong. He looked for the knot of the garment, released it, and tossed the sarong onto the chair behind him. All three lovers were now fully nude. He straightened up and removed the suction bulbs, admiring the site of his wife's head between Julie's hips. His nipples stood out over a half-inch each. He flicked them with his fingers, then rolled them between his thumbs and forefingers. Julie did the same to her own. This kicked his horniness into high gear.

Steve massaged his wife's back, both finding kinks in muscles and lightly caressing skin. He brushed his hard cock against her thighs and buttocks as he reached under her to grasp and lightly heft her hanging breasts. Deana moaned quietly whenever he found a tight muscle, and this transferred vibrations through her lips and tongue to Julie's pussy.

Steve reached between Deana's legs and explored the folds of her sex. She was very wet, so much so that it was running down her thighs. Steve lined up his cock with her slit, took his shaft in his hand, and ran the head up and down her labia to lubricate it.

Deana had a naughty thought. She paused briefly from her feast on Julie's sex and said "Not there. Fuck my ass, honey!"

This provided Steve with a very pleasant surprise. Anal play was by no means foreign to their lovemaking repertoire, but it most often took the form of Deana pegging Steve. Only very occasionally, and then largely fueled by alcohol consumption, did Deana consent to have her own orifice penetrated. Now here she was, completely sober, asking Steve for anal sex.

This set Steve to work. Whenever she agreed to anal penetration, Steve went out of his way to ensure that Deana felt as little discomfort and as much pleasure as possible. He rose up from the floor and moved back to the toy collection in a drawer in the tiny bedroom at the rear of the plane. From this he took a pair of latex surgical gloves, a thin, long butt plug, and a large tube of water-based lube. He returned to the main cabin just as Deana brought Julie to her first orgasm.

"Ugggh, Ugggh, Oh honey that is so great!" Julie enthused, her hips spasming rhythmically. "You are such a fast learner!" She said as she smiled and caressed Deana's hair. 

"Do you want me to stop?" Deana asked, unused to marathon sex sessions.

"God no!" replied Julie. "Unless you are getting tired, I don't ever want you to stop! Though at some point I get to pleasure you, too, and bring you some of the same feelings, okay?"

Deana wordlessly plowed right back in between Julie's thighs.

"Here, this will help," Steve said, again briefly interrupting the pussy feast to double up the large towel and place it where Deana's knees could be padded from the carpeted floor. In this position it would also catch any lube or pussy juice coming from his eminent assault on Deana's ass.

Deana was a woman on a mission, and that was to bring Julie as much pleasure as possible. She was now intoxicated with Julie's scent and taste. She extended her tongue between Julie's folds, and nuzzled Julie's clit with her nose. As she regained her position, she returned her weight to one hand on Julie's thigh, and then put her other hand back at the entrance to Julie's vagina. Julie moaned her agreement and bent her legs over Deana's shoulders, using her heels to pull Deana's face more firmly against her own mound. Julie also used a heel to press on the shoulder that was connected to Deana's hand, pulling the fingers into the cleft to renew their massage of her G-spot area.

Steve snapped on the latex gloves and dropped back down behind his wife. She shifted her knees further apart to encourage his actions. He poured a large dollop of lube on his right hand, and rubbed his hands together to warm the liquid. Deana always appreciated that thoughtful gesture, whether in anal or vaginal sex. 

Placing his left hand on Deana's left buttock, Steve gently began to massage Deana's rosebud with the index and middle fingers of his right hand. He used a circular motion to ensure thorough coverage, and then went back to the well for more lube, again warming it before applying it to Deana's sphincter. She rotated her hips and moaned her pleasure at his actions.

Julie was pulling and twisting her own nipples as she luxuriated beneath Deana's tongue. She made little mewling noises whenever Deana did something that brought particular pleasure, continuing a nonverbal coaching of her pupil in Sapphic love. But she meant what she said during her last orgasm. Deana truly was a fast learner, and was already eating Julie's pussy better than most men and many women that Julie fucked. Julie hoped she would get more chances to coach Dee, and make her a truly skilled lesbian lover.

As Deana's rear opening became used to his ministrations and he sensed some tenseness leave her thighs, Steve flattened his index finger against her anus and flexed just the tip toward her perineum. This was a move that skilled anal lovers used to great effect. Human sphincters relax when stimulated with this motion, and the tip of his finger slipped easily and painlessly past the ring of muscle. Steve gently pressed forward, slipping the finger in up to his knuckle then began a gentle and slow fucking motion.

Deana responded well to the anal stimulation. She had asked her husband to fuck her there because she wanted to continue her exploration of swinging, and knew from her internet browsing that anal sex was a particular obsession for many. She had dabbled in it with Steve in the past, and found the experience not unpleasant. Now she found that her pride in herself for bringing Julie off already and her ongoing eating of Julie's pussy was combining with the naughty, forbidden aspects of anal sex to stimulate her libido. She remembered how Steve always said, "the biggest sex organ of all is our brain." She was getting off on just the thoughts of anal sex and cunnilingus.
