 Martina Longoria Balli didn't have time to wait for her clothes to dry. She was a pig along with her roommates, all boys. Waited to the last minute to wash clothes after hamper-diving. 

She had bathed and then, having the house to herself, went right back to the game buck naked. Living with three male roommates had been a wild and stupid idea, she told herself. Ever since her adventure in West Texas running out of gas and being fucked by Tom, Apollo, and Orcus, she had craved more sex and experiences.

But moving in with a bunch of college punks had been a bad idea. Lazy, inexperienced, shy, inadequate, they sucked at sex. Three boy-men named Sri, Briggs, and Sal.

Sri was Hindu and too conservative to seduce. He often got mad at her walking around without enough clothes. Yet she had caught him watching porn many times, the hypocrite. 

Briggs was a big Texas brute getting ready to join the Marines. He just wanted to have some fun. Blond and blue-eyed he was cute in his Neanderthal way. But he didn't seem to be turned on much by petite little dark-skinned Hispanic girls like her. She had invited him into her bedroom for casual sex, but it was quick, brutal, and selfish. He didn't even care if she came or not, he just got his. But he was huge, so the sheer size usually made her cum hard even with quickies. Sex to him seemed more like pissing. An annoying distraction he preferred to got out of the way so he could go have fun shooting and swimming. 

Sal was the freak. His long, thin cock was great for anal sex. He fucked her ass as often as she let him, which wasn't much since he just had a creepy, obsessive personality. He would try to sneak into her room with his cock already slick with KY and try and pound her ass. He was Italian or something, and had this evil laugh. 

Worst. Roommates. Ever. 

But if she wanted to live on South Padre Island she had to have roomies. She waitresses at a local beach tavern that was popular with tourists. Made good money, especially with revealing clothes and if she let anyone know she didn't wear panties. She loved being an exhibitionist. 

Which is why she didn't even care about sitting on the couch naked, putting on headphones, and joining her teammates in World of Wartech.

Headset on to talk to her team, and a major battle ahead, she sat back, legs spread with feet on edge of sofa, and got to it. The air conditioner wasn't working well and she was already sweating a little. She was also horny when she gamed, and liked to touch her smoothly shaven pussy, and her clit especially. Just a touch. Her Hispanic brown skin just as dark on her ass and pussy lips as the rest of her. Very dark purple, almost black painted toenails and fingernails. Big hoop earrings, a leather strap necklace with a crucifix, a leather wristband with studs and a simply leather anklet.

A black metal nose-ring, and black metal ring in her clitoris were her only piercings. She liked black. Obviously.

Getting into the game and yelling at the screen, her teammates, and herself when she fucked up, she lost herself completely and didn't notice her roommates and friends come into the living room. 

"Damn girl, why you naked? Get off the game. We want to play and it ain't yours," Briggs said.

Totally forgetting herself, she stared at the big brute. "I didn't have clean clothes. Now let me finish... Almost got this... Shit!" 

The campaign was ramping up and her team had a chance. One of those moments were losing even one player would spell defeat. 

"I mean it, girl," he said, looming threateningly. "We have company." 

She glanced at her audience and saw Sri and Sal, and three of their friends she knew. The lanky geek Shawn, Alberto the landscaper's son always shirtless, and Freckles, also known as Seamus. 

"Shit, dude, I don't mind. She's fucking hot. Let her be." 

She had crunched her legs up against her chest for some modesty. Thought her ass probably didn't sink enough into the couch to hide her pussy. She felt air on her clit, and knew her petal had opened, revealing a purple vulva and clit.

"Almost done. I didn't think you guys were coming back this early." 

"That was like five hours ago, Marti," Sri said, annoyed and embarrassed. "Get some fucking clothes on." 

The guys got some snacks and made themselves at home while watching her, and watching her play. Let them watch, she thought. She liked being lusted after. But six horny young horny men and one very horny Latina could be a problem.

"Damn, she's good. Look at that!" Lanky Geek said. "Fucking savage!"

Another hour went by and she relaxed as the guys watched her kick ass. She hadn't even realized she sat forward with her legs spread, toes on floor, whole body tense and sexy.

That's when Sal suddenly dived between her legs and started eating out her pussy. The sensation was incredible and took her by surprise.

"What the fuck? I'm almost done!"

She leaned back and spread her legs instinctively. "Shit," she breathed. "You're distracting me! Stop!"

But Sal didn't stop. He went to down licking her wet, purple pussy and sucking on her clit. He even licked her anus, which he was obsessed with.

"Look at that," Sal said, holding her legs open so everyone could see. "A tendril of a Man-O-War jellyfish on her clit. That tattoo must have hurt."

"That's sexy as hell," someone whispered. "Wow. And her pierced clit."

Sal took his long, hard dick out, and inserted it into her wet and open pussy, making her gasp while she still played the game.

She glanced at a mirror, seeing herself in headphones, holding the X-box controller, and being fucked by Sal with just his pants down. She naked, he and everyone else fully clothed.

"Fuck, a few more minutes..." she whimpered as Sal held her legs up, feet and toes curled, unable to focus. "You're fucked up, Sal! Let me finish!" 

Sal pumped and grunted, his long dick pumping in and out of her all the way. She took it like a champ while still trying to play. And did surprisingly well. 

"Look! She's still kicking ass while being a piece of ass!" 

"Only chicks know how to multitask like this."

Sal grunted and groaned, working up a sweat, and then pulled out and began ejaculating. Martina loved watching men cum. It was a beautiful thing. He squirted his load on her smooth stomach, and then stood up and rubbed out more sperm on her tits and chin. 

The guys went nuts. She was still playing, partially twisted to see around Saul's body so she could see the big screen. 

"She doesn't even care! Let's throw a train on out beach bum!" Briggs said. 

Martina realized she could totally get her fantasy of a gangbang just then. But pretending to be so into the game she could feign indifference. "I'm really into this guys, do whatever as long as I can finish this campaign."

Briggs went next, falling to his knees and bring his huge pale cock out. He began rubbing it against her opening, her clit, and she felt the throbbing mushroom tip as she killed bad guys.

When he pushed it into her, stretching out her poor little pussy, she groaned. He felt so good, and so intense. Briggs the Brute had the largest dick of the three, that was for sure. At least eight or nine inches of thick, anaconda ecstasy.

Typical of Briggs, he had no idea how to use such a gift from God. He pumped her good and hard, holding her thighs tight to make sure she could not escape. She grunted and groaned and screamed a couple of times.

"Fucking take it easy, pendejo! Pinche cabron!"

Of course, he did not relent, and his whole length push into her, making her belly bulge with each thrust inside her little body.

She had forgot to mute her output sound and heard someone ask on the team about her grunting. "What the fuck? Someone having sex while playing?", "Is Blue Jellyfish a chick?", "That's her sound. Dafuq?" 

"Yeah that's me. Mind your business, I got this. Not my fault my roomies are horny." 

Briggs pulled out and stood up, grabbed her hair and pressed his cock to her mouth. She opened it and let him fill it with his cum. A lot of it. He still squirted more on her chest as well.

"Damn!" someone said.

Alberto got his next, getting to his knees before she, the Gamer Goddess, and inserted his already hard, dark cock into her. The Latin lover had some moves, and didn't just pump her like the rest. He worked it good, in and out and sideways, while also using his thumb on her clitoris.

Her screams of ecstasy could be heard by thirty players over the internet, as well as six boy-men inside the house. She had to lean back and close her eyes for just a moment as a huge orgasm rushed through her.

"Aw yeah, puta, you like that? Aw yeah you do, girl."

"Fuck you," she replied.

He played with her nipples and cupped her tits while he worked her. He even sent his tongue up and down her leg, tasting every part of her.

But in the end, his cum looked like all the rest as it exploded over her stomach and tits, glistening liquid and pearly white, and she came a second time as he did.

"Bruja! You have bewitched me! I have a girlfriend, fuck!" Alberto said afterward.

Seamus with his wild red hair and freckles, looking like Carrot Top from Napoleon Dynamite. But what shocked her was that he had just as big of a dick as Briggs did. Meaty, pale, veiny and uncircumcised.

She watched as he pushed it into her, and arched her back when he thrust deep and fast, not bothering to give her a chance to adjust. But it was all part of the ruse, she surmised. Once he was in hilt-deep, balls slapping her anus, he worked it in ways she had never known before.

Sideways, and up and down, slow and fast, and enjoying himself immensely as he fucked her good and slow, and then fast.

Her eyes rolled into the back of her head as she came again.

"Where do you want me to cum?" he asked her gently, as if the most casual question in the world. "And thank you," he added.

"Anywhere you want, Freckles."

She returned her attention to the game as he pulled out and ejaculated on her tits and face. "Damn, just like a porn," the redhead said.

Shawn, the geek, was last. What did four-eyes have to offer? When he revealed his cock, everyone gasped.

"Fucking Shawn is a pornstar!" Briggs exclaimed. "Damn, man? What the fuck is that?"

A long, dark or tanned penis thicker than any she had ever seen, and strangely smooth. It almost seemed fake. The tip was narrow, a small mushroom on an enormous girth and at least ten inches of pain.

And pain he delivered. Stomach-bulging, pussy-stretching, cervix-pounding pain and pleasure that drove her to another orgasm despite the pain. Like Briggs, he was getting his. But unless Briggs, his hands were all over her body, playing with her goodies. A finger even slipped part into her anus, driving her crazy as he pounded and pumped.

She loved watching their shafts go in and out of her small little body, and loved the cum that exploded over her stomach and chest afterward.

Six men in less than half an hour had drenched her, and she realized she had just been in a bukkake.

"Bukkake!" Sal shouted. "Yeah! Look at her!"

The modern age belonged to smartphones, and before she could say a word they all had pictures of her. Her cross was covered in cum, how blasphemous was that?

But the game was not over. Then she noticed Sri, and his cock bulging inside his pants. He hadn't taken a turn yet.

"Look, I'm losing now. Fuck you guys."

"Sri, get in there and get yours. Don't be shy."

To their surprise, and hers, he did. He got to his knees between her legs, took out his cock ... dark brown, thick, though not as long. He took her, and she fucking loved it. Sri was finally fucking her,

And he added his pool of cum to her body along with the rest. Six men.

Sated for the moment, Martina got back into the game and started kicking ass again. The boys snacked, cheered her on, and didn't give her shit like she thought they might.

Then Sri got her to stand behind the couch and bend over, and then took her from behind, stretching her pussy and this time, delivering a load of cum deep into her.

The other guys had not lost interests, and were all interested in seconds. They didn't even care about cumming in her pussy this time, or pumping her pussy full of other men's cum. She came at least two more times as she felt hot sperm and semen pour down both legs and to her feet, or plop on the tiled floor. They got behind her, held her waist, and pumped load after loud into her while she dodged, sprinted, crouched, and shot her way to victory with her friends.

It had been a close call, but she screamed in triumph along with the rest of them when her team won. It had been so close! And now her teammates from around the country knew she was a girl, and knew she had been fucking while playing the game.

Then Briggs and his friends got on the game and took over. Briggs strangely claimed her as his own, and called her babe.

"You're my kind of gal, Martina. I didn't think I liked Latinas. But I changed my mind."

Then he got her on all fours on the couch while he played, and fucked her doggy style. She took the pounding gracefully, but it hurt more than it felt good this time. It would be the seventh time her pussy had been used that day, and now it was raw.

He rutted on her like a beast.

"I can't take any more, Briggs. I might be able to handle you in my ass. Then that's it!"

She went and lubed up her anus and fingered her rectum with petroleum jelly, the best stuff for such things as she had learned from Tom and his friends in Texas.

Then she came back and got into the doggy position again, and guided a still hard Briggs into her ass this time. He was rock hard again.

"I didn't think you could handle me in your ass, sweety."

He pushed it into her, and she grunted, groaned, and bucked as he beasted her ass good and hard yet again. At least she had experience, and knew what to expect, or it would have hurt much more.

When he came deep into her guts, she loved the feel of his cock sliding out of her ass.

Then she lied on the couch and spread her legs and ass cheeks. "If anyone else needs to drain your balls again, might as well have a piece of my ass."

Five more guys took turns, pumping her ass good and hard, Their hips thrusting down on her hips, and driving her to three intense orgasms that made her piss a little. It was a wild train, an ass-bang, and it left her guts churned and ass more sore than her pussy.

Head sideways, watching the big screen TV and the guys playing, she took one dick after another. She drooled a little as her body shook with the pounding, and her toes curled or splayed apart.

She fell asleep like that, unsure how many more times she had been used while the boys gamed all night. She dreamed of Orcus and his slick black hair, his cock pumping her mouth and coming into her stomach. She dreamed of all sorts of crazy shit.

She dreamed she was a slut, and that every man on the island laughed at her and called her a puta, and a whore.

When she woke up, she emptied her bowels of a gallon of cum it seemed liked. The boys were all asleep, passed out after a night of gaming and fucking.

She showered, put on her bikini, hissing as the string touched her raw anus and pussy, and went for a swim. She stayed at the beach and contemplated what she was capable of.

"Maybe I should get into porn," she thought.

She felt really good draining the balls of six guys three times or more. For all she knew she had slept through several more.

A Portuguese Man-O-War was nearby, its long blue tendrils waiting to inflict fiery pain on its hapless victim. She smiled at it.

"I, too, have a sting. Lure my victims in, and drain them."

She didn't have to pay rent, fuel, utilities, or food after that day. She whored herself out to her benefit, and made her fuck-buddies pay for everything.

Now she could be a real beach bum.

THE END