 James was no nerd. I mean, he certainly wasn't a jock either - he was something in between. 

He made most of his friends outside school and was a nobody to most of his classmates. He did his thing, they did theirs, and nobody minded.

One of his favorite subjects had always been chemistry. He'd fallen in love with it in middle school, and today - just a couple of months before walking out his high school doors for the very last time - he loved it just as much. His teacher had just let the class know they'd be doing a final experiment to be included in their grades. They'd be getting to pick their lab partners on their own and James immediately began thinking about which two partners he should choose.

He didn't have to think for long. Just as their teacher had dismissed the class and James was walking out the door, two girls approached him. It took him awhile to realize who they were: Julia and Maria. Arguably the two hottest girls in school, if you asked James. He'd never really understood how they could be friends. They were like complete opposites, with just their high social status and sports interest in common.

Maria was Asian, while Julia looked stereotypically caucasian. Maria had long, black hair, and Julia slightly shorter blonde. Maria had a small but tight ass; Julia's was an entire story of its own. Just watching it as she walked could get James close to orgasm. It was perky, thick and a long-time masturbation fantasy of his. Both of them knew of their ass-assets and loved showing them off wearing tight jeans. Just like Julia had her ass, Maria had her boobs. They were absolutely enormous for her being Asian, at least a D cup if James were to guess.

Unsurprisingly, James had fantasized about fucking both of them quite a number of times. They'd have some stupid excuse to let him fuck them, and it always ended with him covering their faces in his cum. He knew very well the dream of actually getting either of them in bed would never come true - but he didn't mind. Just the fact that they looked like they wanted to talk to him got him horny enough.

"James!" Julia said. "Could we talk to you for a minute?"

"Uhh..." James answered, realizing he probably came off as an absolute idiot already. "Sure."

"Great," Maria started. "We were thinking about this assignment..."

"...and how you'd be the perfect partner for us!" Julia filled in. "So, what do you say?"

It was obvious both of the girls knew how interested James was in both of them. They were smiling as seductively as they could, sticking their chests out, probably hoping to use their looks to convince him. The only problem was, James knew they weren't the brightest two when it came to chemistry.

"I don't know," he reluctantly replied. "I'll keep you in mind until I decide, how about that?"

"We were kinda thinking you'd say yes right away," Maria said, sounding obviously disappointed, before turning to Julia. "Think we could do something to change his mind?"

"I know just the thing," she giggled.

Julia grabbed James by the arm, and pulled him to the side of the corridor. She leaned close to him.

"We'll fuck you if you say yes," she whispered.

Maria stood right behind her, smirking as they waited for his answer. Quite frankly, he didn't know what to say. Were they joking?

"You're kidding, right?" he asked, even though he would've loved for it to be true. "You've got to be kidding me."

"Dead serious," Maria said. "Both of us, at the same time."

"Uh-huh," Julia nodded in agreement. "I take it you'll say yes."

James decided to take a moment to think about it. He looked up and down their bodies, as if to assess whether they really were something for him. Julia was wearing a tight white skirt stopping just above her knees, and a red-and-white striped tank top. There was just a little bit of cleavage there - not a lot, but just a hint. Maria was wearing a white t-shirt that was just transparent enough for her pink bra to show through, and to see her bra squeezing tight around her body. Her pants were regular super-skinny jeans. They were just too hot for him to say no.

"As long as you're not kidding, I'll say yes."

James still wasn't sure if they were playing a prank on him. Who knew? Maybe there was a hidden camera somewhere? These girls were popular, and he couldn't really see a reason for them to voluntarily get in bed with him. But thus far, it seemed like they were serious - and considering the possible payout, he decided to just say yes and hope for the best.

"Great," Julia said. "Let's go!"

"What, like right now?" James laughed, surprised they were so spontaneous.

"Julia's got a car," Maria replied. "And I've got an empty house. Just the thing for us."

"Come on," Julia shouted, and James noticed she'd already started walking. "I haven't got all day!"

Maria started walking after her, and James followed. The girls walked in front of him the entire way, chatting and giggling while occasionally looking back at him and smiling. They eventually made it to the parking lot and stepped inside Julia's car. Maria joined James in the back seat.

"So, here we are," Maria said. "Bet you've been dreaming of this for a while!"

"You should blow him right now just to prove we're serious," Julia suggested. "I totally would if I wasn't driving."

"Why not?" Maria responded with a laugh. "It's a twenty-minute drive, so I bet I'll even get you to cum before we're even home."

Before James got a chance to react to what was happening, Maria turned toward him. She gave him a quick kiss on the mouth before turning her attention down to his lap. He had been hard ever since they first came up to him - thirty minutes would definitely be enough to get him to blow his load at least once.

Maria undid his zipper and slowly started rubbing his cock through his pants, while looking James in the eye. She was too hot for him to look away. He suddenly realized he hadn't said a word since they got in the car, and decided to change that.

"God, that feels good," he moaned quietly.

"I think you're hitting the right spots back there," Julia remarked.

"And I haven't even seen his cock yet," Maria laughed. "Just you wait, babe."

James laughed insecurely as Maria finally pulled his boxers aside to reveal his cock. It stood right up toward her as she slowly started stroking it. She switched back and forth between looking at his face and his cock, while smacking her lips.

"How big is it?" Julia asked from the front seat.

"Fuckin' huge," Maria giggled and leaned down toward it. "I'd say seven and a half at least."

"God damn," Julia laughed, and took a quick peek back at them. "I've got something to look forward to then, I guess."

James had never even had the idea to measure his dick. He didn't know how long it was, or how it compared with other guys his age - all he knew was the two girls he'd been with before had seemed to like it.

Maria, on the other hand, just let out a muffled "M-hm," as she'd just wrapped her lips around James' cock. Her technique was fantastic - she was flicking her tongue around the bottom of his dick like crazy, and he was almost about to cum already. Fortunately, Maria let his cock pop out of her mouth right away.

"Hang on a sec," she said, and reached into her back pocket.

She pulled out a hair tie and quickly tied her long hair into a ponytail high atop her head. With her hair sorted, she quickly got back to cocksucking. As she once again took his dick into her mouth, James felt her heavy breasts pushing against his legs.

Maria was extremely fast when her hair no longer was an issue. She bobbed her head up and down his shaft faster than he'd ever seen anyone do before. James occasionally felt his cock pushing against the back of her mouth, or even her cheeks. You could really tell she was set on him cumming in the shortest time possible.

Eventually, after barely ten minutes of Maria's superspeed sucking, James couldn't hold himself anymore. He longed to cum inside her mouth.

"I'm cumming," James panted.. "Fuck, I'm gonna cum!"

Maria didn't stop, and he could only guess she wanted him to shoot in his mouth. She kept going just as fast as she'd been before. As James began shooting his load, he could feel it flying up into her throat. She coughed after his first shots, and let her sucking come to a stop. He kept shooting, and it felt like Maria swallowed as he went. As soon as he had finished, she lifted her head up.

"Fucking hell," she panted while wiping herself clean of cum with the back of her hand. "You're gonna love this, Julia."

The moment she'd finished talking, Maria went back to sucking. James' cock was getting soft, but she hurried to lick up any leftover cum still on his dick.

"You better get him hard again," Julia teased. "I wanna treat him to some deepthroating when we get to your place!"

"Challenge accepted," Maria giggled between sucks.

For the rest of the drive, Maria kept his cock in her mouth. She licked, sucked and jerked it in hopes of getting James hard one more time. It worked - by the time Julia pulled up onto Maria's driveway, he was hard as a rock again. Maria kept sucking until the car was parked up.

"We're here," Julia said before grabbing the car keys and stepping out.

Maria finally lifted her head up from his crotch, gave him a kiss on the cheek, and followed Julia. As James struggled to take in what had just happened - not to mention what was about to come - he could see Maria unlocking her front door and letting Julia in. He quickly zipped his pants back up before hurrying to join them.

Julia was waiting for him in the doorway. The moment he'd stepped out, she locked the car and threw the car keys to the ground. She immediately wrapped her arms around James' neck and they began making out. Maria kept walking further inside, and Julia led them after her.

As soon as they'd reached the living room, Julia got down on her knees. James could see Maria getting some of her living room furniture into more practical positions as Julia took of his pants and boxers. He was still hard and his cock sprung up to his her across her cheek, making her giggle.

"God, Maria," she remarked while stroking it up and down. "I think seven and a half is an underestimate. Just give me a sec."

Julia took his dick into her mouth and began getting it as wet as possible. James wasn't experienced enough to really decide who was the best at giving head, but they both certainly seemed to have gotten their fair share of practice.

Suddenly, he could feel Julia pushing his cock down into her throat. She kept going and going, not gagging a single bit, until her lips were just a couple of inches from his crotch. She'd changed his mind - she was clearly the more experienced one. When James could tell she was about to gag, Julia quickly pulled her head back, and his dick out.

"Eight and a half" Julia exclaimed while catching her breath. "Eight and a half inches, minimum. Whew, that was a fucking challenge. You're damn well hung, honey."

Had she just measured the length of his dick just by how much of it she could deepthroat? Talk about knowing your body. James was impressed.

"I'll let you fuck him first," Maria called from across the room.

James looked over to see her sitting down in the sofa, with her hand digging around inside her pants. Perhaps he hadn't been such a nobody to them, after all.

"Perfect," Julia purred and smacked her lips.

She stood up and gave James a kiss on the mouth, leaving behind an aftertaste of what he could only guess was his own cock. She turned around as soon as she'd pulled her skirt off to show off her ass to James. He wanted to fuck her so bad!

"Come on, James," Maria teased her. "Take her."

James couldn't get a word out of his mouth. Instead, he just walked over to Julia, who spun around to give him yet another kiss. She laid down on her back on an ottoman and spread her legs while looking right into James' eyes. Before he dared slide his dick inside her, Maria walked over to them.

"I'll help you," she whispered, and stood on her knees next to James. "Get down here."

James followed her instructions, and kneeled down in front of Julia. His cock was perfectly level with her pussy from down here. Maria leaned in to give his cock a couple of sucks for lubrication, before spreading Julia's pussy with both of her hands.

"Now shove your big, fat dick inside her," Maria ordered. "Go in hard, she can take it. I know her pussy better than anyone."

Julia giggled as James prepared to shove inside her. He looked at her to see if they were on the same page, and her eyes practically glittered in excitement. Having taken that as her approval, he thrust as far forward as he could. Maria kept Julia's pussy spread as he pushed inside until his hips hit her legs.

"Fuuuuck!" Julia screamed, and squeezed her eyes shut. "You're... bigger than... the.. fucking... quarterback!"

"And he's pretty damn big," Maria said to James. "Believe me, I couldn't count the times he's made me scream on my two hands."

He could hear her struggling to speak as he filled her up. Once he was entirely inside her, he slowly pulled back out. Maria had kept her pussy spread through it all. James slowly began fucking Julia.

"You're too dry," Maria remarked after just a couple of thrusts. "Let me help."

Maria stopped spreading Julia's hole apart, and instead moved a hand to her clit. She began rubbing it extremely fast while using the other hand to unzip her own pants. James kept fucking her, and could hear her breathing follow the rhythm of both Maria's intense clit-rubbing and his fucking. With Maria taking care of her clit, he figured he could fuck her a little harder. James began driving his cock further and further inside her until the room became filled with the sound of his hips smashing against her pussy.

"Shit, that's hot," Maria remarked before standing up.

Since she'd let go of Julia's clit, James let his fucking turn more gentle. Maria was standing next to them and getting her clothes off. She quickly got her jeans off, before pulling her shirt over her head. Even with a bra on, her tits were the hottest James had ever seen. 

"Bet you'll like these," Maria said to James as she unhooked her bra and let it fall to the floor.

Her tits were the best he'd ever even fantasized about. They were everything he could ask for - perky, shapely, fucking huge and all of this on such a slender body. Maria really was tight, and everything about her looked firm and well-toned. Her pretty tits were just like icing on the cake.

James couldn't contain his horniness and found himself increasing his thrusting pace again. He heard Julia's loud moans grow more and more frequent as he watched Maria lay down next to her. Their shoulders were touching, and Maria turned her head toward Julia and began kissing her. Julia quickly looked over and responded to her kisses. James' two fantasy girls were a little bi-curious with each other - who would've guessed?

"Put your legs together," Maria told Julia between kisses. "Show your ass off to him."

Julia seemed too preoccupied with being fucked to do anything about it, so Maria took it into her own hands. She sat up on the ottoman, grabbed Julia's spread legs and held them together above her stomach. Just like she'd said, it really showed off her ass to James, who couldn't keep himself from placing a hand on either ass cheek and squeezing them.

"That's it," Maria purred. "Now fuck me for a little bit."

James slowed down as Maria laid back down on the ottoman. She too spread her legs, and looked seductively at James as an invitation to fuck her. He pulled out of Julia and scooted over to Maria. As he guided his cock toward Maria's pussy, Julia was trying to catch her breath while wiping sweat off her forehead with the back of her hand. Spurred by the aftermath of his hard fuck, he slid inside Maria.

She moaned in relief as he worked his way deeper and deeper. He decided to start out a lot more gentle with Maria, since he'd practically been told what to do to Julia.

"I like it fast," Maria whispered after a while. "In case you couldn't make that out yourself."

As she said it, James realized how dumb he must've been not to realize it on his own. She'd given him the fastest blowjob he'd ever seen (and that's taking all the porn he'd seen into account), and then rubbed Julia's clit faster than he ever thought possible. Keeping that in mind and the fact that she was on the school track-and-field team, it was obvious. So, he started fucking her faster.

"That's it," she moaned as her entire body shook back and forth.

"Show him your ass, too" Julia teased from next to her. "See how we compare!"

Maria giggled, turned over to give Julia a kiss on the mouth, and then did as she'd been told. She could really multitask - all this while being fucked as fast as James could physically manage. Just like he'd seen before, Maria's ass wasn't in the same league as Julia's. It was pretty fucking hot, but nowhere near as big.

"Guess mine's a little bigger," Julia said and gave Maria's ass a slap.

Maria lifted her legs straight up into the air, before giving her comeback to Julia's playful teasing.

"You've seen these before, honey," she said between moans, and wrapped an arm under her boobs. "Let's see what you've got."

Julia laughed, sounding almost a little insulted, before pulling her top off. She threw if to the floor, unhooked her bra, and guided Maria's free hand to her now exposed tits. They weren't non-existent - maybe a B cup - but nowhere close to Maria's. They both laughed and James could only guess they'd compared themselves many times before.

"Come give them a lick," Maria told Julia, giving her boobs a shake.

James slowed down a little to allow Julia easier access. She crawled over, gave Maria a kiss, and quickly turned her attention to her tits. She started by licking all over them. Only when Maria's tits were both shiny from her saliva did Julia pay any particular attention to her nipples. She moved one hand to squeeze her own boobs, while sucking on - and maybe gently biting - Maria's.

James was almost being driven to orgasm by the sexy girls in front of him, combined with the insanely fast fucking Maria was begging for. He decided it would be best to pull out if he didn't want to bust his load yet.

"Hey!" Maria yelled in disappointment the second he was all the way out.

Julia looked up from Maria's chest, but didn't take her hand of her own boobs. As she looked at him, James could see she'd gotten an idea.

"I know," she said. "We'll ride him! Get on the sofa."

James stood up, walked over to the sofa, and sat down on it. He could only imagine how good two athletes would be at riding dick. Julia's gymnast strength, or Maria's track-and-field dexterity - who could get him to feel the best?

"Come here, Julia," James commanded, and waved her over.

She smiled, and started walking over to him while still playing with her boobs. Maria gave her ass a playful slap as she passed her.

"I hate it that you're the one who got the ass," she joked.

"You know I feel the same about your boobs," Julia laughed in response.

When she reached James at the sofa, she ran her hands through her hair a couple of times to straighten it out. She hadn't bothered tying it in place like Maria had - although she probably didn't need to, because her hair just about went down to her shoulders. Julia tossed it behind her head before straddling James' lap.

She grabbed his cock and slowly began lowering herself toward it. James leaned back and relaxed, prepared to let Julia do the work this time. She moaned as his dick finally pushed inside her.

"God damn," she purred. "That feels good."

Julia began moving her body up and down right away. She was still almost standing on the floor, just doing a sit-stand type motion up and down his shaft. James made himself comfortable, placed his hands on Julia's ass, and leaned back.
