 She was a beautiful woman with shoulder length black hair, long shapely legs, beautifully rounded breasts that stood proudly on her chest and were big enough to notice but not enough to make her top heavy. A man could get lost in her mesmerizing green eyes. Sadly, for Roy, Ellen was married. Although, the way she flirted with him suggested she could be had. However, he merely chalked it off to their close friendship. Also, he had no desire to have an affair with a married woman. 

Ellen and Roy were both school principals; she elementary and he the middle school that hers fed. Their campuses were down the street from each other, and they frequently met at meetings and other school system events. 

When they weren't flirting, Ellen was constantly prodding Roy to find a woman. He was single and didn't really have the time nor the desire to play the dating game. That was not to say he was not interested in women. He did want a relationship at some point, particularly if he could find someone like Ellen. But for now, he was content. 

Ellen had made some feeble efforts to fix him up, but he had easily thwarted those and urged her to discontinue further attempts. She hadn't tried in a while. 

As her school let out before his, she frequently dropped by his on her way home just to visit. He was always happy to see her both because they saw eye to eye on school system policies, and after dealing with kids all day, it was nice to have another adult who was an equal rather than a subordinate to talk to. The fact that she was gorgeous didn't hurt either. 

Ellen dressed well, particularly since their schools were in well-to-do neighborhoods. She did her best to show off her attributes without appearing trashy, and she cleverly chose tastefully short dresses and skirts or low-cut, but not too low, tops, but never both together. Roy was hard-pressed to choose which he liked her in better, so when she appeared in his office with a short, form-fitting dress, he was not disappointed. 

Roy had female teachers and office staff who could almost be competition for Ellen, but he was careful not to pay too much attention to them since they worked for him. Last thing he needed was harassment charges. 

"Well, you look as delicious as ever," Roy greeted when Ellen dropped down in a chair facing his desk. Of course, the hem of her dress rode up her leg, but as she had closed the door behind her and most of the staff was gone, she didn't bother to fix it. It made him wonder why she was like that with him. 

"Yours for the taking." 

She was always making similar statements, but she did it in a tongue-in-cheek manner, so he never took her seriously, not that he would take her anyway. "How was your day?" 

"Usual bullshit. Sometimes I wonder why I ever wanted to become a principal." 

"Hell, I wonder that every day." 

Neither really meant it. It was just their way of blowing off steam, something people in their positions could only do with kindred spirits. 

"But nothing a good martini wouldn't cure." 

"Amen to that," Roy agreed. "That's the bad thing about working in a school. Can't keep a bottle in your desk." 

"Who says you can't?" Ellen asked in all seriousness. 

She almost got him, but he caught himself. He knew her well enough to know she wouldn't do that. 

Her phone rang. "Excuse me. It's just Darryl." Her husband. "Hey." She listened. "Oh, okay. Here with Roy. We were just talking about needing a martini." She listened a while longer. "Okay, I'll ask." To Roy, "A friend of Darryl's gave him some trout just caught today. Wanna come for dinner? He said he'll have the martinis ready." 

"I don't want to impose." 

"You're not imposing. You're being invited. It's Friday. It's time to unwind. Let's go." 

"Okay," Roy reluctantly agreed. "Got a couple of things to finish up. I'll be along shortly." 

"You better." 

Roy did have some work to complete which only took a few minutes. He stopped at the grocery on the way to buy a couple of bottles of Chardonnay, then headed to Ellen's. Truth was, he could enjoy a good meal and some libation. 

* * * 

Roy had been to Ellen and Darryl's home a few times, but never spontaneously like this. He was quite taken when she answered the door. She had changed into a jean skirt that was shorter than the dress she'd had on, and a really low-cut top that she was almost bubbling out of. 

To his wide-eyed expression, Ellen asked, "What? Never seen tits before?" 

"Not like that." 

"Yours for the taking." 

"If only." 

"Well, if you like these, you'll love . . . Pam, come meet Roy." 

Feeling duped, Roy shot Ellen a look of annoyance. "Ellen, I've asked you—" but he halted when an equally as beautiful redhead appeared dressed very similarly. Her deep blue eyes were nearly as hypnotic as Ellen's. She was slightly taller than Ellen, so her breasts were a bit larger. Her fair skin was dotted with freckles that covered both her beautiful face, her chest and the amount of her tits that were exposed. 

Pam extended her hand. "I'm Pam." 

Taking her hand, he muttered, "Roy." 

"Pam is an old friend," Ellen explained. "She's an instructional coach at a school on the other side of town." 

"So, that's it?" Roy asked. "You've run out of women on this side of town. Now, you're branching out?" 

"What's he talking about?" Pam asked. 

"You don't know?" Roy questioned. "She's always got a plan to fix me up." 

Now Pam shot Ellen a look. "Seriously?" 

"We just invited the two of you for dinner," Ellen explained. "That's all. If you take a liking to one another, all the better." 

Shaking his head, Roy said, "You're incorrigible. I was promised a martini." 

"Yeah, I could use one of those," Pam agreed. 

They followed Ellen into the kitchen to greet Darryl, who was already pouring the mixture. 

Roy couldn't help noticing Darryl's eyes on Pam like magnets. If Ellen noticed, she didn't seem to care. She was more intent on Roy. 

As Darryl started to flirt with Pam, Roy said to Ellen, "So, this was all a set-up?" 

"Not entirely. Pam was on this side of town for a meeting, so we told her to stop by. Darryl's friend did give him the fish, so it seemed a good opportunity to introduce the two of you." 

"Ellen, I really can't stress that I'm not interested in a relationship." 

"Just keep an open mind. You never know. You might just hit it off." 

"Seems Darryl is more interested in her than I am." Roy nodded in their direction. 

"Yeah, he'd love to fuck her." 

Taken aback by that statement, Roy asked, "That doesn't bother you?" 

"Look at her. Can you blame him? Hell, if I was a guy, I'd want to fuck her, too. And by the end of the night, you'll also want to fuck her." 

Again, Roy merely shook his head. 

They joined Darryl and Pam. And with three educators, the discussion naturally became about school. Darryl managed a furniture store, but he enjoyed cooking, so he had the honor tonight, which gave him something to do, given the topic. For Roy, it was difficult to stay focused with the two beautiful women flaunting their wares. He couldn't remember seeing Ellen dressed so revealing before, so his eyes were bouncing between the women. 

He listened to Pam when she spoke and could tell instantly that she was much more than just tits and ass, as was Ellen. In fact, in many ways, she was like Ellen, which probably explained why they were friends. How many times had Roy thought if he could only find a woman like Ellen . . . could Pam be that woman? 

The problem was, he really wasn't interested in a relationship right now. Was Pam? 

After another round of martinis, they sat for dinner at a table barely larger than a card table with Roy and Pam opposite one another. Ellen poured the wine Roy brought, and the meal was delicious. 

Ellen tried to steer the conversation around to Roy's and Pam's interests. She knew Roy enjoyed sailing and that Pam liked the outdoors, and while it made for a discussion, it wasn't enough to get the two talking much beyond that. 

As they finished eating, Pam started asking Darryl some furniture questions, and the other two listened until Roy felt something on his ankle. Looking down, he saw Ellen's foot rubbing his shin. Looking up sharply, she was merely smiling. He frowned at her and then casually glanced at the other two at the table. He was shocked to see Darryl leaning close to Pam as though whispering. She was tilted toward him, as well, with her elbow on the table, her head resting in her palm. His forearm was flat on the edge of the table, and their proximity was such that the back of his fingers were gently touching the side of her breast. It was unlikely she couldn't feel it, particularly with him doing a little rubbing. 

Roy turned back to Ellen. He could tell that she noticed what was going on, but she was still just smiling. He then felt her foot between his legs, first rippling her toes against his scrotum, and then more actively, her arch on his now hard dick. Leaning closer, he whispered, "What's going on here?" 

"Just being friendly," she casually answered. 

"Seriously? This is more than just being friendly." 

"Finished eating?" 

Looking down at his empty plate, Roy said, "Yes." 

"Let's go open the other bottle of wine." Without waiting for an answer, Ellen got up and headed to the kitchen. Roy obediently followed, noticing that Darryl's fingers had moving closer to the front of Pam's breasts. 

When he caught up with her, Ellen already had the corkscrew in the bottle. Seconds later, she was pouring them each another glass. Instead of handing him one, she took both glasses and walked to the living room. Again, Roy dutifully followed. She handed him a glass and sat on the sofa. He promptly set the glass down on the coffee table. 

"Okay. I repeat. What's going on here?" 

Ellen patted the seat beside her. Roy sat in frustration. Turning toward him, she placed her hand high up on his thigh. "I've wanted to fuck you for a long time. Darryl has wanted to fuck Pam for an equally long time." 

"So, you just invite us for dinner and think we're going to go along?" Roy asked in disbelief. 

"Well, we were hoping you'd both want to," Ellen casually explained. "I've seen the way you look at me. I know you want me." 

Roy took a sip of his wine for fortification. "What I want and what I can have are two different things." 

"On the contrary, you can have what you want." She rubbed his crotch. 

"And Darryl is okay with you wanting to do this and you're okay with him wanting to do her?" He ignored her hand. 

"I can only do you if he can do her, and vice versa." 

Shaking his head in stupefaction, Roy remarked, "I'm not even sure I want to know how the two of you came up with that agreement." 

"You probably should know." Ellen spoke as though she was discussing curriculum with her staff, as though it was the most normal thing to talk about. "Daryl and I are swingers." 

"Swingers?" 

"We swap partners with other couples." 

"What? Seriously? How . . . wha . . . I don't . . ." 

"A year or so ago, we decided our marriage needed a boost. Coincidently, we met a couple who were swingers and they convinced us to try it. We've been doing it ever since." 

Roy was so dumbfounded, he was speechless. In his search for words, he noticed that her skirt was almost up to her crotch. Her legs were even more amazing than what he'd previously seen. And to think he could get between them if he wanted. His cock pulsed, and she felt it. She gave it a gentle squeeze. Roy shook his head. He held up his glass of wine as if to determine how much he'd had to drink. 

"Are you okay?" Ellen asked. 

"Am I drunk?" 

With a chuckle, Ellen said, "I don't think so." 

"Are we really having this conversation?" 

"Yes," she answered, still smiling. 

"Pam is going along with this?" 

"Darryl is having a very similar conversation with her." 

"So, if she doesn't consent, I'm off the hook." 

"I choose to think we both lose out." 

"How will we know?" 

"I guess you could go see what they're doing, or ask. Whatever you want to do." 

With a nod, Roy stood. 

Ellen grabbed his hand to stop him. "What will you do if she consented?" 

He merely looked at her without answering. 

"If my husband has no problem with you doing me, why do you?" 

"It just doesn't seem right. We don't have that kind of relationship." 

"Relationships change and evolve." Ellen let her hand again find his crotch. She rubbed his erection through his pants. "I want ours to evolve." She squeezed his cock for emphasis. "Feels like you do, too." 

Roy didn't respond and instead headed to the kitchen for the dining room. He decided to spy first instead of just barging in on them in case they were . . . doing something. He saw that Darryl's hand had moved to around Pam's breast and he was rubbing the tip of her nipple with his thumb. She was obviously enjoying it because her head was resting against the back of the chair, eyes closed. His other hand was worming its way under her shirt. He cupped the other boob in his palm for a moment, and then continued lifting his hand in an effort to raise her shirt. He enlisted his other hand to pull her shirt up, and she did not resist as he gently removed it over her head. A moment later, he had deftly reached behind her to unclasp her bra with one hand. 

A soft sigh escaped Pam's lips. 

From Roy's perspective, the sight of Pam's bare breasts was breathtaking. He momentarily rethought a relationship with her, but he quickly realized that he didn't want one based on a beautiful set of tits. He wouldn't demean her that way. Still, they were something to see. 

Roy couldn't help watching a while longer as Darryl did what Roy would have done and sucked her nipples. Her vocal sounds signaled her approval. 

Darryl then knelt beside Pam and lifted her in his arms, her skirt rising to her crotch. He carried her into their den, which was conveniently separated by the kitchen and dining room from the living room. Roy stealthily followed. Setting her down on the sofa on her back, Darryl removed both her skirt and panties together. The triangular tuft of hair above her pussy confirmed her status as a true redhead. 

As much as the voyeur in Roy would have liked to remain and watch, he'd seen enough to have his answer, and was now aroused enough to return to the woman waiting for him. 

Not surprisingly, Ellen had stripped off all her clothes and was lying on her side on the sofa as if she was posing for a Playboy centerfold. She merely watched Roy return with a questioning expression. He offered only a single nod and didn't stop her when she reached up for his belt, which she deftly undid with one hand, followed by the button and zipper of his pants. His trousers yielded to gravity and dropped to his ankles. She pulled the elastic of his briefs down until they also fell to join his pants. Seconds later, she had his cock in her mouth. 

Roy couldn't help the whimper that seeped from his throat. He'd had very few women perform oral sex on him, and Ellen's obvious skill was nothing short of spectacular. His knees instantly became weak. 

"Mmmmm. Just as delicious as I knew it would be." Feeling him wobble, Ellen said, "Need to sit?" 

"Uh-huh." 

She helped him out of his pants, he kicked off his shoes, slipped off his socks, and sat. "Might as well go all the way." She undid his shirt and took it off then pushed him to lay down where she resumed her expert oral skills on him. 

All Roy's mind could comprehend at this time was the incredible pleasure he was feeling. He never understood what enjoyment there was for a woman to suck a man's cock. But at this moment, he wasn't about to try. To enhance the experience, he grabbed a throw pillow and propped it under his head so he could watch. It was surreal seeing his penis disappearing in the mouth of this beautiful woman that for so long had been nothing more than a good friend. Once again, he wondered if he was drunk or merely dreaming. 

And then, as if it couldn't get any better, he saw and felt his cock slide down her throat, and not only did he think he might pass out, but he knew he wasn't dreaming. There was no way his mind could conjure such an amazing feeling without him actually experiencing it. 

He also learned that beauty came from different visions, and the sight of her coming up for air, her eyes watering, saliva dripping from her lips, and her heavy breathing was as captivating as anything his eyes could behold. 

"Now, I'm going to fuck you," Ellen announced with unfettered determination. 

If Roy thought his cock in Ellen's mouth was staggering, as she mounted him cowgirl, the feeling of this unbelievably soft and wet sheath swallowing his penis was absolutely phenomenal. He couldn't remember the same sentiment from the few other women he'd been with, and he wondered if he felt this way because it was Ellen, or if her pussy was really that extraordinary. 

Once she sank herself all the way down to the hilt, Ellen merely sat there enjoying the feeling of the slow swelling and contracting of him inside her. After several moments, she started moving up and down. The grasp of her vaginal walls was the softest touch he had ever felt. Roy thought he could go out of his mind with the overwhelming delight he was experiencing. 

Realizing that Ellen had been doing all the work, Roy started thrusting upward. They kept their pace moderate wanting to enjoy every millimeter of contact. 

And once more, as if things couldn't get any better, Ellen bent over and pressed her lips to Roy's and gave him the most sensual and passionate kiss he had ever had. He could easily fall madly in love with this woman. Hell, he already loved her, but not in a romantic sense. However, knowing she was married and had a husband in the other room put a damper on his fantasy. A husband in the other room; now there was a sobering thought. It also brought into perspective the fact that this was really only about the sex. A fuck. A really good fuck. But just a fuck. 

It also made him wonder why her husband would consent to her fucking another man. As good as she was, what more could any man want? Why would he want to share? Roy forced such thoughts from his analytical mind. He was enjoying this too much to allow such complications to interfere. 

Roy wrapped his arms around Ellen and kissed her back for all he was worth. 

"Enjoying yourself so far?" 

"You kidding?" 

"Just wanted to make sure 'cause I'm about to kick it up a notch." 

"Okay." But he couldn't even begin to imagine how. 

With a wicked grin, Ellen sat back on her calves. She lifted his legs, brought them upwards and bent his knees. She then squatted down on him and had him pull his legs close to his chest so that they were out of the way. She lowered herself down to allow him to penetrate her. 

"Wow. It's like you're really fucking me," Roy remarked. 

"This is the Amazon position. I love it!" And fuck him she did with much more intensity than before. She bounced ferociously and rotated around, and in short order she was moaning and whimpering and shouting a variety of expletives. 

Roy tried to hold out until her explosive orgasm was finished, but the effect of it all on him was overpowering. He felt he should warn her. "I'm gonna come." 

"Whenever you want, but not inside me. That space is reserved." Ellen let him slip out of her, and she bent between his legs to suck him off the rest of the way. 

Again, he was able to watch as he fired jet after jet into her mouth. He could see her easily swallowing all of it. It was another mind-boggling thing she had done and probably caused him to eject a couple more spurts. 
