 It happened last summer when my friend Tommy and I decided to rent a house down the shore for the Labor Day weekend. He is my best friend and his girlfriend Lisa was also a good friend with my girl Kathy. All of us hung out together at least twice a week and we thought it would be good to get away because it would be the last weekend we would be able get together before we would all be going our separate ways to collage. Tommy's younger brother Pete had just broken up with his girlfriend and told Tommy to ask him if he wanted to come along. I thought that it would make him feel better.

I rented a small house that had two bedrooms and a pullout couch. It was going to be a little tight for the five of us but figured Tommy's younger brother could sleep on the couch if he decided to come. It was the only thing I could find on short notice but thought it would be good enough.

On Friday afternoon, Kathy and I drove to Tommy's apartment to pick up them up. Tommy's brother Pete decided he was going to come and we all squeezed in the car and headed down the shore. When we got there the place was pretty nice. It had a working kitchen with a table, a color TV and a stereo. The bedrooms were pretty big and the bathroom that was workable. We unpacked our things, Kathy and I took the bedroom on the left and Tommy and Lisa the one on the right. Tommy's brother Pete used the cabinet in the living room for his things and he was going to sleep on the couch.

The first night, the girls got all dressed up. Kathy was wearing her short black outfit with a pair of black pumps and Lisa was wearing a short white skirt with a black and white stripe top. The girls were dress to kill. We all went to dinner to a nice place call Roberto's. It was an Italian place that had great food. We sat there and ate dinner for about two hours and then I suggested that we go to a club for some drinks. I forgot that Pete was only 19 and wasn't old enough to get in. Pete suggested the we pick up some liquor and go back to house. We stopped at the liquor store on the way back and picked up some beer and wine and returned to the house we rented. Pete told us about a drinking game that him and his friends play were you play poker and if you win the hand you pick someone at the table to drink the ante drink which was a glass of wine. Who ever had aces in there hand could choose the drink the ante would be. We began playing and we all became bussed from all of the drinking. 

Kathy got it the worse because Tommy kept picking on her every time he won a hand. The worst was when Pete pulled the aces and changed the ante drink to vodka. Kathy must have had two-straight glass and was bombed off her ass. She was laughing and acting silly, somewhat flirting with Tommy and Pete. Tommy loved it. I knew he had always liked Kathy and found her very appealing. I would always see him checking her out when we were together and being very touchy when he would talk to her. We were all feeling pretty wasted, talking about stories in our lives. Kathy stared tell them about some of her sexual encounters when she was younger. 

As we listened, we all started to get aroused by the stories she was telling and you could see that Lisa started to get upset with what was going on and told Tommy that it was getting late and that they should get to bed. Tommy agreed and they said goodnight and went into their room. We hear them having an argument for awhile and then all went quiet. Pete and us stayed up exchanging sex stories and drinking for about an hour. I saw that Kathy was really wasted now and said that we should be calling it a night. Pete wanted to hear one more of Kathy's stories and asked for us to stay up a little while longer. I got up and whispered to Kathy in her ear tell him the story about the guy that I got for her once. 

I told her that I was really horny and that I was going to get cleaned up and be waiting in bed, playing with my cock getting it hard for her to suck on. Kathy smiled at the thought of what I said and said ok and I left the room to wash up and went into my room to play with my cock. Kathy told Pete the story and I could hear Pete in the other room getting excited by his reaction. Pete and Kathy got up and started cleaning off the table of the empty bottles. Kathy was wobbling all over completely delirious putting the empty bottles in the refrigerator. 

As Kathy was cleaning the table Pete went to the bathroom to pee. As he walked by Tommy's room he noticed that the door was open on a crack and heard some light moaning coming from the room. Pete quietly peeked threw the opening and saw Tommy masturbating in the bed. Lisa was next to him facing the other way sleeping. His cock was ripping as he slid his hand up and down on his cock looking over at Lisa making sure she didn't wake up and see him stroking his dick. Pete moved away from the door and proceeded to the bathroom to pee. 

As he was in there he had an idea. He finished up and went back into the living room where Kathy was sitting in a chair bussed off her ass. Pete told her that it was time for bed and that he would help her to her room. Kathy jumped up from the chair and told Pete in a slurred voice, "Your right" I have something to do now anyway as she put her arm around Pete. Pete led Kathy to the hallway and guided her to Tommy's room. Because of her state, she didn't realize that it wasn't her room and said goodnight to Pete as she walked in. 

Pete shut the hall light out so it would be hard to see in the room and sat by the corner of the hallway to watch what would happen. When the door opened, Tommy quickly pulled the blanket over his swollen cock to hide himself for the person walking in. There was enough of moonlight to make out that it was Kathy. Before Tommy could say anything she began to remove her clothes saying, "Honey are you ready for me" I am so horny for you and my pussy can't wait to feel you hard cock inside of me. Tommy realized that she was drunk and that she thought that he was her boyfriend. He watched as she undressed in front of him and saw that her nipples were like rocks. She was really hot and he wasn't going to say a word and let her think that he was Gary. She knelt down on the side of the bed and asked him if she had something for her.

 Tommy pulled down the blanket coving his cock and exposed it to her. She felt around looking for his cock and when she found it she put her head down on his stomach and began to lick his swollen head. She tongued his head and then began to give him a blowjob. Pete watched as Tommy lay there and had his cock sucked by his best friend's girl. She was licking his cock up and down the sides and making Tommy moan loader with excitement. Pete saw Tommy reach under her and start playing with her tits that were hanging down the side of the bed. 

He rolled his fingers around her erect nipples making her more and more excited by the moment. I was in my bed playing with my cock wondering where Kathy was and what was taking her so long. I got up and put a pair of shorts on and went out to see where she was. When I walked out of my room I saw Pete sitting on the floor looking into Tommy's room. Pete put his finger to his mouth to keep quiet and told me to come over and look. I looked in the room and saw my baby sucking on Tommy's cock. I felt the rage build in me as I watched her take his member deep in her mouth. I walked in the room and saw Tommy' feeling her tits, moaning with pleasure as my girl sucked on his stiff cock. 

I leaned over her and whispered in her ear that she had the wrong room and the wrong cock. She looked up at me with his wet cock in her mouth with a look of shock. Tommy closed his eyes in embarrassment as I stood there. Kathy went to get up off of Tommy's cock but I held her head from moving and told her to finish the job that she started. I told Tommy to hold her head as I worked my way down her back with my hands. I rubbed my finger over her asshole and down to her moist pussy lips. I started playing with them running my finger s lightly over her moist lips. I then worked my finger into her wet slit finding the entrance to her tight little hole. She began to moan as I fingered her pussy feeling the inside of her love canal. Tommy had her by the hair holding her head down on his swelling cock. 

She kept trying to tell me that she was sorry and that she didn't want to do this. I told her that I was finding this exciting and that I wanted to make her cum first. I moved onto the floor positioning myself on my back spreading her legs apart to get underneath her dripping pussy. I then spread her pussy open with my fingers and saw her clit need some attention. I took my tongue and started to lick her pussy from the bottom of her wet hole to the tip of her clit. I then began to caress the area on her clit with my tongue in the places that drives her crazy. 

I looked up to see Tommy's hand playing with her hard nipples as her tits hung down on the side of the bed. Pete was now in the hallway playing with his cock, getting excited by what he was seeing. The moaning woke up Lisa and Pete quickly crawled out of the hallway into the living room. He thought there was going to be a fight and wanted to get out of site. Lisa turned to see Kathy lying on Tommy's stomach sucking on his prick as Tommy was feeling her tits. She asked what the fuck was going on and Tommy said that she just came in and started sucking on his cock. Kathy tried to say something but Tommy's cock had swollen so much that she couldn't say a word. Lisa saw me on the floor licking Kathy's pussy and called her a horny bitch and that she was going to let her know what it felt like to share her man. Lisa comes around the bed to where I was. 

She knelt down in front of me pulled my shorts down exposing my limp cock to her. She began to suck on my cock putting her mouth down to the base on my balls and suck it up to the head. I felt my cock getting harder as she worked on my member with her tongue lightly feeling my balls with her fingers. Pete peeked into the room to see Lisa now sucking on my cock with her ass facing him. He could see up her nightgown and notice that she had on no underwear. 

Her pussy looked so sweet as her lips were puckering outwards and he could see that she had a big pink clit. Pete crawled up behind her and began to lick her big clit. Lisa started to moan as Pete licked her pussy and made her clit swell with pleasure. Lisa sucked my cock to a stiff erection and told Kathy and Tommy that she was going to have her own fun with my cock. She stood up and turned around and saw Pete standing there playing with his cock. Lisa told Pete to come closer as she grabbed my cock and squatted down backwards putting my cock in her wet pussy. She took Pete's growing tool and began to suck him to stiffness. 

Her pussy was sliding up and down on my rod, making my cock swell inside of her as she told Tommy how good my cock felt inside of her. Pete was now completely ripe, his cock swelling and throbbing from servicing of Lisa's mouth, Lisa got up and moved Pete behind Kathy, standing behind him. She reached around him and grabbed his cock placing it into Kathy's wet pussy. She then grabbed my cock and squatted down on my cock as she watched Pete fuck my girl. I could see Pete's balls hanging between his legs down near me smacking up against her as he plowed his swollen prick inside of her tight pussy. 

As he fucked Kathy's pussy, I sucked on her growing clit, kissing it and licking it with my tongue. Kathy was moaning as his prick worked its way in and out of her. Lisa exclaimed Fuck that horny bitch! The words excited Pete and he started fucking her faster and deeper as his cock expanded inside of her. Pete was building up to orgasm. His balls were getting swollen and he started to let out some moans. Lisa could see that Pete was at the edge and reached under him and started to rub her nails lightly over his swelling balls. I saw Pete's balls tense up as she stroked them with her nails making him moan and tell Lisa to let him pull out that he was going to cum. Kathy tried to pull away but Tommy wouldn't let her. 

Lisa replied, It's ok, Pete. Fill up her tight pussy for Lisa as she spread his ass and began to run her tongue over his asshole licking all around his muscle. With in a second Pete thruster his cock deep in her hole. His cock exploded filling her up with his hot cum. I could see the cum drip out of her pussy as he kept moving his cock in and out of her. Pete got off of her and clasped on the floor next to me. My cock was ripe as Lisa kept fucking me the whole time. Lisa got up and I moved out from under Kathy's pussy to avoid getting cum on me as it dripped out of her. Lisa told me to get on the bed next to Tommy and told me to lie on my back. Lisa to Kathy to stop sucking on her guy and go with her own guy. Kathy got up and sat on my ridged cock. Her pussy was so wet and tight I felt my balls begin to swell as she fucked me and hung her tits in my face. 

Lisa jumped on Tommy's swollen cock and began to fuck him in anger. She told him that she wanted him to do something for her to make it better. He wanted him to fuck Kathy's ass and make her scream. That she was a little bitch and need to be punished for touching him. The idea excited him and she got off of his cock and proceeded to mount Kathy's ass. Lisa jumped up and ran to the bathroom to get some oil that she brought to sunbathe with. I grabbed Kathy, pulling her down on top of me holding her as Lisa rubbed oil around the entrance to her tight ass. Tommy cock was stiff as a rod as Lisa took it and worked it into Kathy's ass. 

When the head of Tommy's cock penetrated her oiled hole. Kathy let out a scream as his hard prick worked its way into her ass. Tommy and me were fucking the shit out of her sliding our cocks in and out of her tight holes. Lisa moved on to the bed next to us and grabbed Kathy by the hair and told her never to touch her man ever again. Kathy nodded and screamed out, ok. She told Lisa to please tell Tommy to stop fucking her ass. She replied that she deserved it for what she did and that she wanted to hear her scream. Lisa sat up on the headboard of the bed in front of Tommy and began to play with herself. 

She lifted up her nightgown, exposing her pointy hard nipples. She knew that it got Tommy really going to see her fondle her tits. She lifted up Kathy's head and told her, bitch eat my pussy as she stuck her wet pussy in Kathy's face. Kathy began to eat her out as we fuck her two holes making them swell. Tommy, seeing Lisa being eaten out by Kathy as she looked at him teasing him with her nipples made Tommy's cock swell to full thickness. Kathy sucked on Lisa's pussy making Lisa orgasm in her mouth. Kathy was moaning, her pussy tightening around my cock. I could feel that Tommy was just as excited as me as he was fucking her ass. Lisa got down from the headboard and kneeled next to Tommy facing me. 

I could see the devilish look in her eye as she told Kathy that she was going to get it now. She told Kathy how much Tommy licked when she felt his balls and that it made him into a maniac. With that she reached under and started to play with our balls. Running her nails lightly over our swollen nuts. The feeling was incredible and both of our cocks swelled and we began to rabbit fuck both of her holes as fast as we could. The more she touched our balls the harder our cocks got. Kathy started to scream as she felt our cocks expanding and came on my throbbing rod. I felt her pussy pulsing on my swollen member and cause Tommy's and my cock to explode, filling her ass and pussy with our cum. 

Tommy got off and fell to the bed and Lisa started to kiss him asking him if it felt good. Kathy and me went back in our own room where we fell asleep in each other's arms.