 It would have been about 4pm on Tuesday when I got the news that two businessmen from the Kenyan delegation would visit my office on Thursday to review our latest software product. 

I buzzed Lacy, my p.a. to come into my office. Lacy had been working with me for the past three tears. She was an excellent secretary and has fit as fuck. Tall with long strawberry blond hair, big tits, legs that go on forever. Her dress sense showed off her figure, tight skirts and blouses, stocking, heels, sex on legs. She was also a filthy slut, I'd lost count of the number of times that she'd suck me off whilst I was talking on the phone. I'm 60 and she's about 38, but that didn't matter, as long as my fat 7 1/2 " prick was hard she was putty in my hand. We've done everything, she loves cum. She's sucked me off at 9 in a morning with me spunking over her face and not cleaned herself up. I've lost count of the number of people who've visited my office and been greeted by Lacy with dried cum on her face and in her hair. I remember the first time she brought lunch for me, she sat on my desk, pulled her skirt up and spread her legs. She'd got a peeled banana stuffed up her cunt and told me to eat it out. She's fucked countless customers and I've photographed or filmed it all, I'll never forget the day she fucked an old Indian. She had his 9" brown knob up her arse as I shoved 2 bananas up her pussy, she fucking loved it. 

I explained to Lacy the importance of the visit on Thursday and that she would need to be on top form. Lacy smiled and told me not to worry. Thursday arrived and Lacy was in the office when I arrived, Jesus she looked gorgeous! She was wearing black lined sheer black stockings, black stiletto's, a sexy brown leather skirt and black see through top without a bra. Her nipples were clearly visible, and it took all my will power not to fuck the shit out of her there and then! 

I went into my office and about 5 minutes later Lacy came in with my coffee. As she put it on my desk she was standing beside me as I sat. Fuckin hell, I could smell her sex! I instinctively put my hand on the inside of her leg just by her knee, Lacy immediately parted her feet. I slid my hand up her thigh passed her stocking top and the inside of her bare thigh. I continued and got a shock, my fingers found her crack, she was soaking. 

Lacy looked at me and said" open crotch or fuck me know knickers! I shoved two fingers in her slot right up to my knuckles. More Roger, am so fucking horny I want more, shove your fucking hand in. 

I knew Lacy liked black cock, but she didn't even know these guys, neither did I, but she was on heat. Shove you fist up me Rog, stretch my pussy so I can take those black pricks. I'm going to fuck these guys like it's the last fuck of their lives, will you take pictures and join in as well. She knew damn well I would! I pulled my fingers out of Lacy's pussy and put them to my face, the smell was intoxicating, my fingers were coated in her juices. 

My prick was poker stiff and dying for some attention, I pushed my chair back and undid my zip. My bellend was already out, I'm about 7 1/2 " and the same in circumference, I started to rub my slime covered fingers over my clock head. As I did this, Lacy moved from my side and sat on my desk in front of me, as she sat she pulled her skirt up almost to her waist and spread her legs. Her pussy was on view through her black open crotch knickers, as she reached down and pulled her lips apart revealing her pink hole I leant forward. "Go on Roger, lick my fucking pussy, get your tongue right up me " she said. I didn't need asking twice and shoved my tongue as far up her as I could and started fucking her with my tongue. She smelt and tasted great. 

I managed to get her clit between my lips and started to suck her off, her pussy was sopping wet. I was wanking my knob as I started to lick her crack from top to bottom, just like a dog lapping at a water bowl. I was burying my face in Lacy's pussy, she was holding my head and grinding her cunt all over my face, I was getting coated in pussy juice. Her legs were either side of me with her feet resting on my chair arms. I put my hands under her thighs and lifted her legs, this caused Lacy to lean back and reveal her arse. The brown rosebud of her arsehole looked so inviting that I leant forward and stuck the tip of my tongue in. This sent Lacy wild, she bucked like crazy and squirted a massive load of cum all over my face, cumming relaxed her and her arsehole opened up, I stuck my tongue a good inch up her arse with mymouth over it and started sucking like crazy. Lacy was calling me a dirty cunt for licking her arse, but at the same time was fingering herself silly. I'd never had my tongue up a woman's arse before and was I loving it, judging by Lacy's reaction so was she! 

I was dying to fuck her and stood up, Lacy was spreading her pussy, telling me to ram my prick up her. I started to tease her by rubbing my bellend up and down her slit, then rubbing the end over her clit. My cock head was just in and I was holding back as she squirmed trying to get more in. I let go and my cock slid all the way in, Lacy was so wet that it felt that I wasn't even touching the sides as I went in up to my balls. Lacy lifted her legs and I got my hands behind her knees and lifted them higher, this let me get even more cock in her pussy. We were both up for a frenetic fuck and just as I started, the security buzzer on my desk lit up! I answered the intercom and security informed me that my guests had arrived and would be up with me in less than 5 minutes. 

I pulled out of Lacy as she had heard the conversation, she got off my desk and before I could get my cock back in my trousers she leant forward and planted a big sloppy kiss on my bellend. She then stood up and we kissed, even though our tongues had been where they shouldn't have been, we had them both in each other's mouths. Lacy then left my office and I opened the door to the boardroom next door and switched on the projector. 

A couple of minutes later there was a knock on my office door and Lacy entered with two black gentlemen. They introduced themselves as Simon and Martin from the Kenyan trade delegation, pleasantries were exchanged whilst Lacy served coffee. Simon was about 60, very tall and very thin, he was also incredibly black, Martin looked a similar age, but he was of Indian ethnicity, he was shorter than Simon and a lot fatter. 

We all went into the boardroom, Simon and Martin both sat in the deep leather chairs to my right side, Lacy, who was taking minutes sat in a deep armchair opposite, between them and in front of me was a low table with tea, coffee etc., on it. I noticed that both checked Lacy out, no wonder the way she was dressed. 

I started the presentation and had their attention, after about 15 minutes I noticed their attention wandering, I looked over at Lacy who was sitting with her legs crossed. The way she sat and with the length of her skirt, was sure that they could both see her thigh above her stocking top, she appeared to be engrossed in taking minutes and not noticing. I carried on but was watching Lacy out of the corner of my eye, when my back was turned she started crossing and uncrossing her legs, as she did this she was looking directly at Simon and Martin. She then did it very slowly and exaggeratedly, she was giving them a view between her legs, as she had open crotch knickers, she was showing them her pussy. This continued for the next 20 minutes or so during my presentation, I noticed Simon uncomfortably trying to adjust his trousers, obviously trying to disguise his hard on. Martin had a massive bulge in the front of his trousers and was doing nothing to hide it, in fact when he thought that I wasn't looking, squeeze the end! I looked at Lacy, her face screamed pure lust. 

This presentation was very important and the next 20 minutes were the crucial part, if I could hook them here, then we would get a contract, then we could all fuck Lacy into oblivion. I raised my voice and stated that the next bit was the crucial part and if they had questions to ask, as I said that I looked sternly at Lacy, she got the message, she bit her lip, but I knew there'd be no more flashing for 20 minutes. The next 20 minutes went like a dream, I had their attention and was sure that we'd get the contract. 

I stopped and suggested that we have some coffee and they could ask some questions. Lacy got up and started to arrange coffee, Simon came over to me and started to ask a few questions. Lacy took a cup and saucer with coffee over to where Martin was sitting, he was checking his phone. 

As Lacy bent forward with both hands on the saucer, Martin put his phone down and got an eyeful of her tits. Her see through blouse did nothing to hide the fact that her nipples were rock hard, Martin casually reached out and squeezed Lacy's left tit. Lacy was still and didn't say anything, she just looked at Martin who was obviously tweaking her nipple. 

I was seeing this over Simon's shoulder as he had his back to them and Martin thought I couldn't see. Martin took the cup from Lacy with one hand and I saw him say something to her. She straightened up and instead of moving to the coffee table for more coffee, she moved closer to Martin. I watched as he put his hand between her legs, Lacy immediately parted her feet and I could tell his hand was going right up as her skirt stated to rise. I watched as Lacy parted her feet more, not only that, she was thrusting her hips forward. I could see Martin's arm moving rhythmically, he's was fingering her, and she was loving it. My prick was poker stiff, I hadn't cum earlier and I wanted to fuck her, even if it meant in a foursome with two black guys. 

I coughed, and Martin removed his hand quickly, he put it up to his face just under his nose, I could see it glistening with Lacy's juices, he then licked his fingers. Lacy moved away from Martin and came over to Simon and me with two cups of coffee. Christ, her nipples were like fucking bullets sticking through her blouse and clear for both of us to see. Simon moved slightly as he took the cup, his hard on was almost poking out of his trousers, it was massive. I took my coffee from Lacy and put my hand on her waist, as I did I manoeuvred her closer to Simon, she knew what I was doing and stood so her hip was in contact with Simon, his hard on was rubbing her hip! I feigned an excuse and said I had to go into the office next door to make a call and would be back in a few minutes. As I made my move to leave, Martin got up and walked across, fucking hell, he was blatant, he made no effort to hide the massive tent his hard on was making in his trousers, in fact it seemed to be swinging like a fucking canoe, I guessed he was commando! I got in my office a switched on the surveillance cameras and sat back to watch. 

Simon was openly rubbing his trousered cock over Lacy's hip and was tweaking one of her nipples and Martin moved alongside them and stood about a foot from Lacey. His hand went straight to Lacy's arse and he started pulling her skirt up, at the same time he lent towards her and started kissing her ear. Judging by the look on the Lacy's face she was enjoying the attention, then with his free hand he undid his zip. His prick sprung out, fuck it was like a salami, his dark brown cock was solid, looked a good nine inch and almost as fat as a beer can, his bell end was like a big pink toffee apple. 

Lacy looked down and her eyes nearly popped out of her head as she saw his brown cock, she reached out and grabbed it, her hand hardly went around it, it was that fat, that didn't stop her though as she started to wank it. Her skirt was now up around her waist and Martin was rubbing her pussy, Lacy moved her legs further apart he could get his fingers up her. Simon now had her blouse undone and her tits out, her nipples must have been at least half an inch long. I hadn't noticed and nether had Lacy, that he'd got his cock out, that, until he grabbed her hand and placed it on his cock. If Martin was fat, this was long, I mean it was long, about 11", it was jet black and circumcised, his bell end was dark purple. 

Lacy turned her head towards Simon and he started kissing her, she responded, and their tongues were all over each other's faces. Both were now fingering her pussy as she tossed them both off, my knob was rock hard, and I started wanking as I watched. Martin put his hand on Lacy's head and she bent over and started sucking on his cock, Simon moved behind her, knelt and spread her arse cheeks and started licking her pussy. Martin somehow had managed to get his clothes off whilst Lacy was sucking him off and now had both hands on her head, Lacy was gobbling his cock as though she hadn't eaten for a week and Martin was pounding her face with his balls slapping her chin, she had managed to get the whole of his cock down her throat! 

She gagged and pulled Martins cock from her mouth, her face looked a picture, her red lipstick was smudged all over her face, she was slobbering as she turned to Simon. "Fuck me for god's sake, ram your fucking black cock up me" she said and then went back to Martin' s cock. 

Simon removed his clothes as he stood up, he put his hands on her arse and spread her cheeks again, without touching his cock he slammed into her, Jesus, he went in up to his balls straight away. Lacy's pussy must have been running like a tap and I'm sure I heard it squelch as he entered her. He then proceeded to pound her like no tomorrow, she was having a proper spit roasting. 

Every so often Simon would pull out and Lacy's glistening and gaping pussy would come into view, he'd then slam his cock back in. This continued for what seemed like ages, Simon then licked his fingers and started finger fucking her arse as he pummelled her pussy. I head Martin say that he wanted some of that and moved back from Lacy and grabbed her hand. Simon pulled out and his black prick was coated white with her pussy juice. They walked across to the sofa at the back of the office, Martin who was quite fat sat down with his fat cock sticking up in the air. "Turn around and sit on this" he said, Lacy almost tripped in her eagerness to get on his cock. 

She started to sit, and Martin put his hands on her hips and pulled her further back, the tip of his cock was touching her arse, Lacy's mouth opened but nothing came out as he pulled her down and his bellend entered her arse. Oh fuck, oh fuck she was saying as about 7" inch of brown cock went up her. 

Instinctively she'd spread her legs as wide as possible to get more in, her pussy was gaping and there was still a couple of inches of cock to go. Simon meanwhile was standing on the sofa and rubbing his clock head on Lacy's face, she turned and started sucking on his cock as Martin fucked her arse. I couldn't wait any longer and removed what remaining clothes I had on and went to join them in the office. I was so hot my cock was steaming! As I walked over to them, Lacy took Simon's cock from her mouth and said,"fuck me Roger." 

I got in front of her and slid my clock in her sopping wet pussy, it was a weirded sensation fucking Lacy and at the same time feeling Martin's dong fucking her arse, only a membrane away! Lacy looked at me and said, "Treat me like a fucking slut, do what you want with me, I love cock, fuck the shit out of me." As she was saying this she had her hand wrapped round Simon's cock and was rubbing it over her cheeks, she was coated in his pre-cum. I was ramming my cock up her for all I was worth, Martin was doing the same as our balls slapped against each other, we were that far in. 

My gorgeous secretary had never looked more beautiful as her smudged red lips slid up and down Simon's big black knob. Martin then said he wanted to fuck her pussy, Lacy got Simon's cock from her mouth and said "please." 

I pulled out of Lacy's pussy, my cock was covered in her cum, as she lifted herself off Martin's massive dong, Jesus, her arse was wide open and looked incredibly inviting. She moved slightly forward, and the end of Martin's cock went in her pussy, Martin had his hands on her hips and pushed her down, she let out a cry as she engulfed the full length of Martin's cock. 

Martin pulled her back, so she was lying on his fat belly and her legs went instinctively in the air. What a beautiful sight, her pussy was stretched to the limit by this massive brown cock, she was cumming, it was running down Martin's cock and over his balls as he fucked her silly. I grabbed one of her legs and pushed it back further, so it was higher and straddled her thigh, I rubbed my cock and balls up and down her leg, the feeling of her nylon stocking against my cock and balls was a real turn on. The end of my cock went inside her stocking clad thigh, then the rest as I literally humped her thigh. 

Simon got off the sofa and moved in front of Lacy, he was looking at her and wanking his black cock, pointing it at her. "Go on then you dirty fucker, you know you want, to, shove that fucking black cock in, make my fucking ears pop" Lacy said. Simon moved forward, and I watched in amazement as Simon placed the end of his cock just under Lacy's clit hood, he held his cock hard and pushed, Lacy screamed as a good 6 inch of his cock went up her pussy alongside Martins. 

After the initial pain, she was now loving it, she was shouting at them, urging them to fuck her harder, telling them she loved two cocks up her pussy, they could fuck her whenever they wanted and begged them to fill her with spunk! Hearing and seeing her like this was too much for me and I was going to cum, I'm cumming I shouted and pulled my cock out of her stocking, she looked at me, opened her mouth and lewdly stuck her tongue out. I was good 2 feet away from her, but the first rope of spunk went on her cheek, forehead and in her hair, this was followed by the next that went on her nose and on her tongue. There was more, 3,4, 5 and 6 ropes of spunk splattered all over her face, it was as if I was pissing cum. "More, I want more " Lacy cried, Simon pulled out and jerked off all over her, it landed on her chin, more went on her tits and belly and his last load on the inside of her thighs. She was covered in spunk as Martin continued to pound her, he then let out a cry, Lacy's eyes were rolling around her head as Martin emptied his balls up her. 

When he finished he pushed her off him, his cock came out of her pussy with a loud plopping sound, that was followed by a big stream of cum. Lazy just lay on the sofa, exhausted but covered in cum, her legs were spread wide, her pussy gaping and Martin's spunk dribbling out. She didn't move at all as we dressed, and they left, Simon said looking at Lacy, "don't forget we have dinner tonight and my friends want to meet you."