 I showed Simon and Martin out and then returned to the boardroom. Lacy had got off the sofa and was arranging her clothes when I walked in," I can't believe I did that, god the feeling was fantastic, do you think they'll do it again tonight?" she said! I laughed and replied that I was sure they would be if she was up for it. "Up for it" she replied, "I'm going home for a long, hot bath to prepare" she continued, I agreed to pick her up a 7.30 and she left, I was surprised that she could still walk straight!! I was pleased with the day so far, I'd got the business with the Kenyans and if they could fuck Lacy, that was a going to be a long-term deal. 

I picked Lacy up at 7.30, she looked absolutely stunning as usual, with a black cocktail dress, black stockings-she never wears tights and 5" black heels. 

As we drove to the hotel, I asked how she felt, "as horny as hell came the reply." She pulled her skirt up and parted her legs, I could see her black thing and what looked like a red and black suspender belt. I put my hand between her legs, she was wet already, unfortunately, as I was driving, I had to remove my hand. Lacy got her thong to one side and I saw her shove two fingers in her pussy, she then pulled them out and held them to my lips, they were soaking. I licked them as I drove and each time, they were clean, she rammed them up her pussy and coated them again. By the time we got to the hotel I was as hard as hell. 

We arrived and at reception we were escorted to the lift to the suite on the top floor, this was a private lift and opened directly into Simon's suite. 

As the lift door opened, we were met by Simon and led into the room. Martin was there along with 3 other black guys and a very striking black woman. Simon introduced the 3 black guys as Sam, Mike and David, the black woman was introduced as Tina, a friend of Sam's. All the guys would be in their 60's, Tina though was inky late 30's. 

Sam asked Tina to serve drinks. 

She was tall, but that was because she had 4inch red heels on, she was wearing a grey skirt, this fitted her tight and showed off her arse and thighs, it also revealed that she was wearing a garter belt, so it was copper coloured stockings she was wearing. 

She also had a tight-fitting white blouse which accentuated her big tits, you could see she had a red bra on underneath, she looked like sex on legs! 

Tina sashayed around the room, she had a way of walking and swaying with her legs apart that was sexy. As she served drinks she wiggled in front of each guy. Looking at Lacy and me she slowly undid three buttons on her blouse, now when she leaned forward in front of each guy, they got a view of her tits, even though they were still encased in her bra. 

Each time she was getting closer to the guys, one guy put his hand on the inside of her knee and moved upwards to her thigh, Tina moved away but her skirt had ridden up and she left it there, by now nearly all the buttons on her shirt were open and you could see her big tits. 

The next guy had his hand on her thigh, again the skirt came up, almost revealing her stocking tops before she moved away, when the next guy Sam tried m, her skirt went just above her stocking tops revealing her thighs, she made no attempt to pull her skirt down. 

She moved towards were I was sitting, as she approached, she managed to pop one of her tits out of her bra, fucking hell, her areola was like a fucking burger! Her nipples were about half inch long as well, as she stood in front of me, her tits were sticking out and then like a slut, she pulled her skirt up around her waist, she was wearing a tiny red thong, it was so tight you could see her shaved crack and really large pussy flaps, above her slit she wasn't shaved, she had a fucking large bush that was escaping from her thong. 

She looked awesome, she then thrust her hips forward offering her pussy to me, I started to rub her pussy through the material of her thong which went right up her crack. Christ, she had pussy flaps that big, she must be a right knob jockey I thought.

I reached up and pulled her thong down to the tops of her stockings and slid to fingers in her pussy, she was soaking already. 

I told her Lacy needed a drink and she walked across to were Lacy was standing. Her knickers were around the tops of her thighs as she stood in front of Lacy. Lacy took a drink from the tray and Tina put the tray down and kissed Lacy, when I say kissed, her mouth was wide open and her tongue in Lacy's mouth. 

Lacy responded but couldn't do much as she had a drink in her hand, she was helpless as Tina pulled Lacy's dress above her waist and started to rub her pussy through her thong. Lacy parted her feet to give Tina better access, her hand went inside Lacy's thong and her fingers slipped inside Lacy's pussy. 

We were all glued to the scene as Lacy put her drink down and grabbed Tina's pussy. The two of them were kissing as they rubbed each other, all of us watching were already rubbing our cocks. Tina placed one foot on a stool to her side as Lacy dropped to her knees. Tina grabbed Lacy's hair and pulled her head into her pussy. 

Lacy was licking Tina's crack as Tina urged her on, "that's it Lacy, lick my soaking pussy, let the guys see you suck me off, get your fucking tongue all the way in." Tina was bucking her hips and pussy in Lacy's face, her chin was already wet, and her lipstick smudged. 

Tina pulled Lacy's head to one side, we could see Lacy's tongue running up and down Tina's slit. "Watch this" Tina shouted as her pussy erupted, a massive jet squirted from her pussy all over Lacy's face, Lacy didn't stop, she carried on licking on Tina's pussy has cum was going in her mouth. Tina moved her foot from the stool and pulled Lacy up and kissed her, she licked her cum off Lacy's face. 

Everybody had their cock out, fucking hell, it was like a big dick convention! 

Sam and David were sitting on a sofa, both had their trousers off and were stroking their pricks, both had rock hard 10" dongs, both jet black, Sam had a purple end and David a dark brown mushroom of a bell end. 

Mike was standing to one side, his knob was standing to attention, it was curved upwards, he was massive, even longer than Simon's 11"! 

Simon and Martin were both stroking themselves as was I. 

Tina pipped up, "think we need to look after the boys" she said, boys? No one was under the age of 60! 

Both had their tits out, skirts up round their waists and knickers around their thighs, they looked like total sluts and my knob was already dribbling pre-cum. 

Lacy walked over to Sam and David who were sitting on the sofa, she leant forward and started sucking on Sam's cock, at the same time she wrapped her hand round David's prick and started wanking him off. 

As Lacy was bent at the waist her arse was in the air, her feet were apart and her pussy on display. Mike moved behind Lacy and put his hands on her hips, he then just rammed his knob up her. He shoved it in so far and with such force that Sam's cock went right down her throat making her gag. 

Mike didn't give a shit, he was pounding her as though his life depended upon it. Lacy didn't miss a beat, she continued sucking and wanking the two cocks as she was being fucked silly. 

Mike was really into it and her as he shouted to Tina" come here". As he said that he pulled out of Lacy, his massive prick was bobbing up and down, not only that it was covered in Lacy's white pussy cream. 

Tina was there in a flash and was on her knees licking and sucking Lacy's cum off his knob. He then slammed his cock back in Lacy, Tina got underneath and started licking Lacy's clit as Mike fucked her. 

"Go on, fuck it, ram that fucking black cock up me, I fucking love it" Lacy cried as her legs started to wobble as she came. Even from where we were, we could see cum running out of Lacy's pussy all over Mike's balls and dripping onto Tina's tits. 

In between sucking Lacy's clit and licking Mike's balls, Tina was squealing in delight, her face was wet through with Lacy's cum as Mike pulled out. 

Lacy's pussy was gaping as Mike grabbed his foot-long knob, with two strokes he was spunking over Lacy's arse, a massive jet hit her arse cheek and ricocheted over her back, another rope hit bullseye and went straight between her open pussy lips, a third splashed all over Tina's face. 

Tina tried to lick the cum from Lacy's crack, but Mike wasn't finished. He rammed his cock back in Lacy's pussy and fucked her again as he kept cumming. 

Lacy's pussy was squelching as Mike spunked up her, as he rammed his cock in, her pussy was making gurgling noises. Spunk was squirting out as he rammed her, most going on onto Tina's face and tits. 

Mike pulled, cum was running out of her pussy as David pulled her onto him. Lacy looked gorgeous, David's prick was in up to his balls as she rode him, he had her tits in his mouth as she was being properly shafted. 

Sam whose cock she'd been sucking got off the sofa and positioned himself behind her. As he started to rub the end of his cock over her arse, Lucy looked back over her shoulder" in my pussy, shove your cock in my pussy, fill me with black cock." 

Jesus, for the second time that day Lacy had two black cocks up her pussy at the same time. Martin was now undressed and was standing on the sofa, he was slapping Lacy's face with his big brown knob. 

I got in the sofa in the other side and shoved my cock in her mouth. Lacy was looking up at me, her eyes were saying thank you, I fucking love it. I didn't think this shag fest could get filthier when Simon walked over and straddled Lacy's back. He was rubbing his big black balls all over her back. 

Sam them leaned right back and Simon was now positioning himself over Lacy's arse. I couldn't believe what I was seeing, two knobs up her pussy and now Simon had her arse cheeks spread and was shoving his cock in her. Lacy's eyes were watering as she pulled my cock from her mouth, "oh fucking yessss, three fucking cocks up me, go on fuck the shit out of me " she screamed and then went back to sucking my cock. 

She was trying to get Martin's cock in her mouth alongside mine, fuck five cocks in her! The next thing I knew, Tina had got between Martin and myself and was sitting on the top edge of the sofa with her legs apart. "Lift my legs up, let her lick my pussy while you fuck it" Tina said. 

As we lifted Tina's legs, Lacy leant forward and started licking Tina's pussy. Martin shoved his cock in Tina's now gaping hole, Lacy was licking his balls as he rammed Tina. I moved my position and managed to get my cock up Tina's arse 

Lacy was licking both mine and Martins cocks as she was having her brains fucked out by the other three. This didn't go on for long, it couldn't it was so horny. I felt myself cumming and pulled out of Tina's arse and spunked all over Lacy's face as she licked Martins balls. 

Martin groaned and started pumping cum up Tina's pussy, when he finished his massive brown dong plopped out. Tina's pussy was gaping, and Martin's thick creamy goo was running out, Lacy moved further forward and started sucking on Tina's pussy, drinking all of Martin's spunk. 

Lacy was licking both mine and Martins cocks as she was having her brains fucked out by the other three. This didn't go on for long, it couldn't it was so horny. I felt myself cumming and pulled out of Tina's arse and spunked all over Lacy's face as she licked Martins balls. Martin groaned and started pumping cum up Tina's pussy, when he finished his massive brown dong plopped out. Tina's pussy was gaping, and Martin's thick creamy goo was running out, Lacy moved further forward and started sucking on Tina's pussy, drinking all of Martin's spunk. 

Tina grabbed Lacy's head and pulled her right into her gaping pussy and started to grind herself over Lacy's face. 

The other three were still fucking the living daylights out of her, you'd think they hadn't fucked for years the way they were drilling her. 

Sam was the first to cum, he pulled out of Lacy's pussy and quickly jumped onto the sofa, as Lacy was still licking Tina's pussy he shot his load over the side of her face and in her hair, the dirty slut didn't even flinch, she kept on Licking Martin's cum out of Tina's hole. Simon was next, he pulled out of Lacy's arse and then pointed his prick at her hole, spunk splattered all over her arse with one rope going straight in. 

David kept on fucking her, cum was flying off her arse and face, she was being fucked into oblivion! Eventually he groaned and emptied his balls up her. Lacy rolled off David, she could barely walk, but the dirty slut wasn't finished. 

I hadn't noticed that Mike was sitting a chair to one side, his cock was hard again, Christ, he must have been a foot long. Lacy turned to face us as she lowered herself on Mike's cock. Given that for the past 30 minutes she'd had her pussy stuffed full of two cocks, Mike went in up to his balls. 

Lacy spread her legs wide and got them on the arms of the chair, we could see every inch of Mike's black cock sliding in and out of her pussy. "Go on you dirty fuckers, wank your cocks for me as I fuck this monster black cock, shoot your fucking loads all over me, I need more cum!" Over the next 20 Mike fucked Lacy who was squealing in delight, spunk was flying everywhere as we all came again at least once, coating every inch of her. 

Finally, as Tina was sucking on Lacy's clit as Mike pounded her, Mike came. Lacy jumped off his cock and dived on it, her mouth was engulfing his bell end as he came, there was that much that when she pulled his cock out of her mouth as she couldn't swallow anymore, he was still cumming and coated her face.