 It all started when I got this call from a woman I'd known in college. We'd been an "item" for a year and parted amicably ... the sex life was great, but our goals were different, and mine involved a stint of military service that took me out of the area for about six years. Maria wanted to settle down right away and start having kids, and I wanted to see a bit of the world first.

After I'd returned and made contact with a few old school chums, I got a call from her. We chatted for a while to catch up, and then she told me about a club she'd belonged to for a while. As she described an upcoming meeting, my cock started to harden.

It was a sort of ladies' sex club, she said, but the meetings didn't always involve actual sex. Instead, it was sex play, where men and women would entertain each other, but actual intercourse wasn't necessarily on the program. There would be plenty of nudity and foreplay and "games" and such, though. If I had a clean bill of health (and I did), she'd let me in on the action. Was I interested?

Well, after six years in the Air Force, this sounded like heaven to me. I couldn't wait to see what the "games" were. We agreed to meet at her house, and we'd drive over together to where the festivities were. As she said goodbye, she said one more thing: don't cum between now and then. That left me wondering, but before I could ask why, she hung up the phone.

The next weekend, I drove to her apartment. She hadn't changed much in six years. She was a dark-haired, deep-bosomed lady with fair skin and deep brown eyes -- think a shorter, slightly stouter Marina Sirtis and you'd be close. She greeted me with the sort of kiss and hug that told me that she remembered the many weekends we'd spent in bed pleasuring each other. I felt my penis swell. She felt it, too, and smiled.

"That's what I remember about you, Joe," she said. "You're going to have a lot of fun today." She asked me if I wanted to wash up at her place, but I'd already showered (as had she, it turned out) so we climbed into her Miata and drove about twelve miles to an old country club. On the way over, she filled me in on what she'd been doing. Gotten married, tried to have a kid, but found she was sterile. That killed the marriage, since her ex wanted to be the biological father of their kids. (The fact that he re-married within six months of the divorce, to his administrative assistant in his law firm, and had a kid seven months after that, led her to conclude that the marriage had been shaky even without the calamity of no kids, and that this had been a way for him to get out of it gracefully.) I asked her if she had any regrets. "At first, a few," she said. "But he's happy now, and we don't have any hard feelings. And once I was out of it, I appreciated my freedom. And when some girls from the gym saw I wasn't dating anybody, they asked me to join this club."

I remembered the country club, having shot a few rounds of golf there and used their tennis courts when I was in high school. The club was now closed, its fairways returning to a wilder state, but the clubhouse itself was still rented out for special occasions from time to time.

"Now remember," she said as we walked into the foyer. "No overt fucking this time. You can expect to be fondled a lot and, if your partners are willing, you can fondle them right back. But you do what they tell you to do, and nothing else. Got it? I promise you that you won't be disappointed."

I nodded.

"And one more thing: you haven't cum in the last couple of days, right?"

"Right." 

"I want to commend you for not picking up any nasty diseases since we last saw each other. How did you do it?"

"Well, the Air Force isn't exactly a hotbed of sexual activity, so I didn't have many opportunities. I've slept with a few women since we broke up, but I never trusted them to have protection so I always used a condom."

"Wow. I'm glad you trusted me to be on the Pill, even though it turned out I wouldn't have needed it for keeping un-pregnant." She gave me a quick hug and a peck on the cheek and pointed me to a door marked "Men Enter Here," and then headed for another door marked "Women Enter Here." 

The room I entered was the men's dressing room and shower from the old country club. The lockers were still there, and another man was stripping off his clothes and laying them in an open locker. He was about my height, a little heavier than me, and thickly haired, with a thin cock about five inches long and balls that hung down like a bull's (yeah, we men notice these things). I gave him my name, and he said his name was Bret. As I took off my own clothes, he looked at my body approvingly. I'm one of those guys with a small but thick dick that's about three inches soft and six inches hard, and it was getting hard now. I hadn't been out of the service long enough to be out of shape, and still had some muscle definition. 

To my surprise, he started fondling his own dick until it started to swell and harden. He looked at me and smiled. "First time here?" 

I nodded.

"Well, the first thing you have to know is that when you walk out of this room, the ladies will be expecting you to have a hard-on. That's part of the fun. And I guess you've been told not to have any sex for a while, right?" 

"That's what Maria told me."

"Maria? Short, black hair, big tits, bald snatch?" 

"I guess so. I haven't seen her pussy in six years, and it wasn't shaved then." 

"If Maria invited you, you're a lucky guy. She's a fox. Don't worry; I'm no rival for your affections. This isn't a swinger's club, you know. And I guess you should know that my own wife is here, too. About five foot nothing, a hundred pounds, short blonde hair, butterfly tattoo under her belly button. She probably won't be around me much, though, with studs like you to hang out with." As he finished, his erection was at full staff, and he walked out another door into the main clubroom. I heard shouts of hello.

Well, I thought, here we go. I stroked my own penis and got it most of the way up, but was having trouble wrapping my mind around this new concept of sex play. I'd just have to trust Maria. I opened the door and walked through.

I couldn't have been more surprised. There were about twenty people there, equally divided between men and women of every body shape and color, and every one of them was naked. 

A statuesque woman with blonde curly hair on both her head and her pubes came up to me and hugged me. Her breasts, though not large, were firm, with large brown areolas and thick nipples that begged to be sucked. As she pressed the thatch of her crotch into mine, my cock came to full attention.

"I'm Denise," she said. I looked into the bluest eyes I had ever seen. "I'm the hostess tonight, and I get to decide the game, so let me tell you what's going on. 

"When I was in college, I read about a cum-shooting contest, where men compete to see who can shoot the farthest. I've always wanted to see one, and now I have the chance to do it. I'll assign you to a woman here who will keep you aroused for maximum sperm production. She'll also be wanking you when the time comes, controlling your trajectory and such. The contest will be in ninety minutes. Until then, she'll tease you and keep you hard and almost cumming. But you don't cum until the contest. Understand?"

"I guess so. Who's the unfortunate lady? Do I get to pick one?"

"No, they pick you. They draw lots, and choose you as they themselves are chosen by lot. You're the last one to arrive, so we're all here. Shall we start?" 

This last comment was not directed to me, but to the room. Amid a murmur of agreement, all the men lined up with their erections proudly jutting out before them, and all the women gathered around a tall, deep box filled with billiard balls. Each woman closed her eyes, thrust her hand into the box, and withdrew a ball. A small woman named Anne, whose description matched that of Bret's wife, drew ball number one. She went over to a tall thin fellow with a long thin cock. I didn't know his name, but found myself mentally referring to him as the Twink. An older woman with breasts that hung low (and slightly unevenly) showed ball number two. Her hair was ash blonde, and she had the little pooch on her belly that showed that she'd had a kid or two, but aside from that, her figure was voluptuous, and she had an air about her that told me that she was no stranger to sex and games. After coolly assessing the situation, she chose me. "You're new here, and I'm always looking for potential," she said with a smile.

The choosing continued, with Maria (whose pussy was indeed shaved bald, instead of the profuse mat I had known) taking a short burly fellow, and an Asian woman with dark brown nipples on firm small breasts taking Bret. A voluptuous Black woman with full, black-nippled breasts and orange-painted toenails was next; she took a gaunt, well-muscled man with a gray beard and a ring adorning his thick cock. After the remaining people had been paired, we went off to separate parts of the room. My consort, whose name was Helen, sat me on a couch and proceeded to suck on my cock. 

She definitely knew what she was doing, running her tongue up and down its length and flicking the crown, teasing my balls with her fingers. As she blew me, she let her breasts hang down and sway, the tips of her nipples brushing my knees. Did Maria tell her that this was my favorite view of a woman's tits, and was guaranteed to drive me to distraction? Occasionally she would stop sucking me and, sliding up my supine body, brush her cunt hair across my cock.

"Tell me when you think you're about to cum, so I can stop," she said. "You've got to save your jism for the contest." Of course, I didn't want her to stop at all, but I also didn't want to disappoint her, so when I felt the familiar tightness that signals the "start of what can't be stopped" I lifted her hips upward to move her cunt from my cock. 

"Let's rest for a bit, and let me see if you can dish it out as well as take it." She slid her body even farther up, dangling her breasts in my face and letting me lick those beautiful nipples of hers. I paid attention to one, then the other. I moved my hand to her pussy but found hers already there, so instead I used both hands to stroke her ass. Within minutes, I felt her shudder, and her breasts suddenly became sweaty and flushed. I sucked harder, drawing as much of her left breast into her mouth as I could, and felt the nipple tickle the back of my throat. That set her off for good. She cried out and fell against me as her arms lost strength.

At last her eyes opened, giving me a newly appreciative stare. "Well, that was worth the candle," she said. "I'm tempted to take you home with me, but I doubt my husband would understand."

With that, she again stroked my dick until I was almost at the point of cumming, but she knew exactly when to stop. As she was doing that, I rubbed my finger along her cunt, wet from her climax, and painted her nipples with her cum. "Could use a little flavor," I explained. 

She laughed. "If you like the taste of that, why not take it from the source?" I took that as an invitation and, as she lay back on the couch with her legs spread wide, I ran my tongue along her labia, teasing them by going almost up to her clit, then back down again, plunging my tongue into her vagina, then repeating the process. "Hey," she whimpered. "I'm supposed to be teasing you! 

"But don't stop! We've got five more minutes before the contest, and I need to cum again!" With that, I increased the tempo and started licking at her clit. Then I took it into my mouth and, flicking the tip with the tip of my tongue, sucked it like a cock. She shuddered violently and screamed, momentarily startling the rest of the people until they realized that it was passion, not pain, that provoked the outburst. I could feel a new spate of juice dribbling down my chin.

I looked up. A chuckle went around the room, and everybody was smiling at us. In particular, Maria winked at me and buried her left index finger into her pussy. Was that a promissory for later on? Then she went back to licking the cock of her burly partner, letting her tits drag on his chest as he kissed the inside of her thigh. 

Denise broke the silence by clapping her hands together in summons. "Well, let's start the festivities. I've always known that competition gets the testosterone flowing in the men, so I expect some good performances tonight. Clyde here will start drawing balls from the box again. Ladies, when your number is called, it will be your turn. You've got a minute to get your partner to cum, but I don't think that this will be a problem!" With that, she sat down on overstuffed chair, spread her legs, and leaned back so that her labia and tits were exposed as much as possible. Clyde, her own partner that night, was the only guy in the room with a soft cock, because Denise had just masturbated him to orgasm. ("Otherwise," she said later, "he could never have concentrated at all.") He now pulled a heavy sawhorse over to a place about five feet in front of her chair; this was a rail for the men to lean against.

Clyde drew a ball from the box and called out a number, and the Black woman came forward with her consort. She positioned him at the sawhorse, stood behind him, and grasped his erection. As the crowd cheered, she stroked his penis for what seemed like less than ten seconds before it erupted with a stream of cum that arced through the air and landed on Denise's left thigh. As the crowd clapped, Clyde uncapped a red Sharpie and put a mark on the uppermost border of the sperm.

"That's certainly setting the bar high!" Clyde said. "Something to shoot for, guys!" He then reached into the box, pulled out another ball, and read off its number.

The next couple came forward when their number was called. It was the Asian woman and Bret. Like the first couple, Bret didn't take long to cum. His penis spit out a first stream, which fell short of Denise's feet, but the second one reached to her right hip, and the third one landed on her left knee. Clyde marked the second "hit" but left the third one on, adding to the erotic effect.

The rest of the crowd took their turns. Two more contestants didn't quite reach their target, but most of them landed somewhere around her belly and thighs. One landed directly on her pussy, to the delight of the crowd. I could smell sex all around me, both from the cum and from the ten aroused women in the room. As each man shot his load, his partner dropped to her knees and sucked him to softness.

When our turn came, we were the third from last. Maria had just jacked off her partner, whose cum went high but wide, landing to the right of the chair. "Sorry, dear," she told him. "I just got too excited, and I couldn't hold it steady." 

Then it was my turn. Helen had kept me just on the edge while the others took their turns, and I was a hair-trigger from ejaculation when I came up to the rail. Denise slouched in the chair before me, her body spattered with cum; she lifted her breasts as if in invitation and smiled at me. Helen stood behind me, her tits pressed hard on my back, and took my rock-hard cock in her right hand reaching from underneath, tickled my balls with her left. Two strokes were all it took to get me spurting my load high into the air. As my cock spasmed, she suddenly squeezed it hard, adding to the pressure. Her timing was perfect, and to my amazement I saw my sperm fly across the space and land just above Denise's right nipple. The crowd clapped loudly as my knees buckled with the force of my orgasm. 

"And ...Joe, right? Joe's taken the lead," Clyde sang out. "He's the one to beat now. Can you do it, gentlemen?"

I felt Helen's lips take my cock, sucking it dry. Almost two hours of near-ejaculation had taken everything out of me, and my penis was as limp as a rag. I left the rail and gave Helen a big hug, pressing her tits into my chest, and kissed her neck. 

The fellow after me tried gamely to match me, but his jism landed just north of Denise's kneecap. I thought I had it in the bag, and wondered what first prize was, and whether Helen or I would get it. 

The last couple was Anne and the Twink. She took her position behind him, her small firm breasts barely above the small of his back. I thought I saw the middle finger of her right hand disappear into his ass as her left hand grasped his cock. Her hand, small like a child's hand, milked the cock expertly. He groaned as he released. Out shot his sperm, flying high into the air. The crowd gasped. His spunk had hit Denise right on the left cheek. There was a round of applause as he and Anne hugged each other and then the rest of us in turn. As Anne pressed her apple-size tits against me, she pulled my head down and gave me a deep French kiss that had my cock starting to swell again, to my surprise. "Welcome to the club!" she whispered. 

"I proclaim Anne and Dean the winner," Clyde announced. "Come on up and give Denise a hug." Denise stood up and spread the accumulated cum all over her body until she had a light layer of it all over her face, legs, and torso. She then hugged each member of the winning couple, making sure to rub her body vigorously against theirs to transfer as much of the cum as she could to them. With that, the party was over, and we all trooped off to our respective showers. The other men shook my hands, introduced themselves to me, and hoped they would see me again. As we were saying our goodbyes, a few of them gave each other hugs that were more than fraternal and kissed each other on the mouth. It hadn't occurred to me that any of them would be bisexual, but why not? And in the context of the sexual adventure I'd just experienced, it seemed just another part of the fun. I was sure that the same thing was going on over on the ladies' side.

*****

Maria, freshly showered and glowing with excitement, picked me up in front of the clubhouse. As we climbed into her Miata, I peppered her with questions about the club.

"So all the men get off, but the women don't," I remarked. "What do you girls get out of it?" 

"Well, some of us got off. I know Helen did. In fact, everybody knew. When I heard her scream, that's when I knew you'd fit in. As for me, I was finger-fucking myself like crazy as I kept Sam hard. 

"But the real benefit for us is afterwards," she continued. "She got you off, but I know that your next boner is going to last for a while, and that one's for me. I'm going to take you home and fuck you silly."

I was astonished at the change in her. Marie had always been a willing partner to sex before, but this was an aggressiveness I'd never seen before, and I liked it.

"Do you fuck all the other people in the club, too?" I asked.

"Sometimes, but only at the club, as part of the games. Whoever the hostess is that month gets to choose what we do. Some ladies like to take it to the limit, others don't. The only rule is that when we meet at the club, the partners we come with are the only ones we don't screw. We figure that we get enough of them at home. 

"So you may get your chance with Helen, or with Denise, or with April, or with Anne, or with anybody. Except me. And you'll have to be cool with my screwing Bret or Dean or Clyde."

"I think I can do that."

"My last lover couldn't. I brought him here a couple of times, but he couldn't handle the competition. He got jealous, and told me to choose either him or the club. It was a shame, too. He was a pretty good fuck when he put his mind to it."

She was quiet a minute. Then she said, "After my marriage, I was through with trying to be what other people wanted me to be. I just want to be myself, and to explore what my limits are. The club is good for that. I'm doing stuff I'd never do on my own. When we girls decide on what games to play, we sound out each other's feelings and we try to stay inside each other's comfort zones. And we're always in charge. If you can handle that, Joe, I'll keep inviting you to play with us. Just play by our rules. And now, my dear, we're home."
