 "Okay, you've gotta tell me more," I begged Maria.

"No," she said. "I'm still working out the details in my head. But you'll like it."

I had just come from a sex party with Maria, where I had had the most mind-blowing orgasm of my life. But not with her, I might add. Instead, it was administered by hand from a vixen named Helen, and it resulted in me shooting my sperm onto the bosom of a goddess named Denise. It's a long story. But you can bet that the experience left me dying for more of the same.

Just the thought of it gave me my third hard-on of the day, which Maria eagerly welcomed into her pussy. We had been lovers some years ago, and today was our reunion, in more ways than one. Gone was the nubile but inexperienced teenager I had known, and in her place was a mature woman with an entirely open mind about sex, a self-confident woman who knew what she wanted and wasn't afraid to ask for it. At last, she was perfectly at home in her body, and she credited the Ladies Club for that.

The Ladies Club consisted of about a dozen women who got together for sexual games. They brought their husbands, lovers, and boy toys with them, but it was entirely the women's show. They set the agenda and the men operated within their bounds. The women got to show off their bodies and play with a variety of cocks. And Maria had learned a lot about that; now she was bringing me to the point of orgasm and backing me off, again and again, as she enjoyed a thunderous orgasm of her own. This time, she liked to be on top, where she could drag her full breasts along my chest, raking my small nipples with her own large, dark ones. I loved to watch her breasts sway as they hung down from her chest. When she felt I was ready to cum, she'd rise up, her pussy releasing my penis, and thrust her nipples into my mouth. I could taste the salt of her sweat as it rolled down her tit onto her nipple. Then she'd take my dick and guide it back into her vagina for another round of excitation. A half an hour of this was all I could take before I was begging for release. She laughed, hugged me hard, and sat up, bouncing up and down on my lap, her cunt gripping my dick, her breasts bouncing up and down. When I growled to signal my climax, she came down hard on my dick, thrusting it into her depths as she bent backward, her hard nipples now pointing skyward, her long black hair sweeping my knees. The sight of her sweat-covered, flushed tits heaving with her gasps of ecstasy sent me over the edge, and I shot a load of sperm I didn't even know I still had into her. 

I spent the night at her place, and we made long, slow love in the morning on her cum-soaked bed. Then we showered together, and I went back to my own apartment, my senses still jangling with the sound of her voice and the smell of her cunt. I thought that I was a fool to let her slip away before, and vowed not to let it happen again.

Within a month, I rented a house and asked her to move in with me. She said that she didn't want to co-habit with somebody she didn't feel she had a future with, and she still wanted kids even though she was sterile. When I told her that I wanted to share my life with her, and that she could adopt all the kids she wanted, she agreed to move in. She also made it clear that she didn't want to give up the Ladies Club, and that I'd have to share her pussy with other men from time to time. Having seen what a change the Club had made in her, I readily assented, and she moved in that weekend. As it happened, the following Saturday was the next meeting of the Ladies Club, and she was the hostess and "Mistress of the Games."

Again we drove out to the clubhouse of a now-defunct country club, where I found myself once more in the company of two dozen men and women of all ages, races, and body types, all naked and ready for sex play. Most of the people remembered me from the last time and welcomed me into their midst with hugs and kisses ... even some of the men. I didn't mind; in fact, it seemed to heighten the sexual energy that was buzzing around the room.

Maria at last went to the dais and cleared her voice. "Okay, ladies and gentlemen. Let's get started. Tonight's game is 'Guess the Cock.' It's just the reverse of the 'Guess the Cunt' game we played a few months ago. Are all the guys hard now? Good! We've put all the couches in a circle, so ladies, take the seat with your name on it, two to a couch, get yourselves wet, and spread your legs. Guys line up facing the partner you came with, and then move one girl to the right, and we'll start. I've got a timer on this laptop that is set to ring every half minute. You'll get maybe twenty seconds with each woman, and then move to the next woman in the row. Girls, that should give you enough time to feel every man's cock in you for a few seconds. Your job is to be able to identify it by touch and thrust alone when the actual game starts later on. Ladies, you can cum whenever you like, but you've still got to pay attention. Guys, if you cum, you're obviously out of the game. 

"Everybody clear? Then let's go." And then she took her own place at the end of the row of couches and spread her legs, exposing the shaved cunt I loved so well, and smiled at me as I took up my place opposite her. Like all the other couples, we didn't touch each other; Maria felt that every girl there ought to know what her partner's cock felt like. 

The bell chimed, and we guys moved one girl to the right. I found myself facing a voluptuous black woman with heavy breasts and an earth-goddess figure. My cock slid into her cunt easily, as she was already wet; the girls had been masturbating during Maria's introduction, as had the men to bring their penises to full hardness. I got in about ten strokes before the bell chimed again, and I moved to my right. And there was Anne, Bret's wife. Small and blonde, with apple-sized breasts and a butterfly tattoo under her navel. She had an impressively tight cunt, into which I put another dozen strokes or so in the time we had, as she memorized my dick's length, girth, and tempo.

And so we went, around the room. A lithe Latina with breasts that hung limp and low on her chest, and older white woman with gray pubic hair, an Asian woman with small tits and dark brown nipples whom I remembered from before. There was Helen, the ash-blond forty-something who had been my partner in last month's games and said only "I'm glad you're back. Gimme some cock." The last one was Denise, the statuesque goddess with the curly strawberry blond hair and muff, now matted with pussy juice. As I went around the circle, I marveled at the differences in cunts ... some tight, some loose, some hairy, some bald, some with puffy labia, some gripping my cock with considerable force. I found myself wondering how I would have fared in that "Guess the Cunt" game Maria had talked about. I also found myself wondering if I could last out the double circuit without cumming. So far, all was well. As I got back to Maria, I noticed that her pussy was streaked with her juice, her chest was flushed, and her large nipples were rock hard on her heavy breasts. "Have you already cum?" I asked. "What do you think?" she replied coyly. Then she got up, gave my dick a squeeze, and addressed the crowd.

"Okay, folks," Maria said. "Now that we've made our introductions..." The crowd laughed. "...we come to the hard part. I'm passing out some slate boards and some chalk, and some blindfolds. Each guy gets a chalkboard. Write your names at the top. You'll notice that every woman's name is listed on the chalkboard, in the order in which they're sitting. There's a space at the top of each chalkboard where I want you men to write your names. The women will please put on the blindfolds ... guys, help them with this. Then the boys will draw a billiard ball from the box here and line up like you did before, but in the order of the numbers. You'll fuck the woman in front of you as much as you can in the time allotted. Then the girl will tell you who she thinks you are, and you'll write down that name next to hers. Then we move on. Again, if a guy cums, he's disqualified. Everybody clear on that? Good. Now let's put our blindfolds on, girls."

Within a minute, all the women were blindfolded and giggling as they sat back on their couches, fondling their pussies. The guys each drew a pool ball from a deep, tall box. We sorted out our sequence, with Number One (who happened to be Bret) facing Maria and the rest of us arrayed in ascending order to our right. I was Number Six, and found myself facing Helen, who was smiling at me blankly while spreading the folds of her pussy lips. Following Maria's instructions, Bret started the timer on the laptop next to Maria and buried his six-inch rod into her cunt, and off we went. 

I managed to give Helen a dozen strokes before she called out a name. "Clyde!" she said, and I chuckled as I wrote his name next to hers just as the bell chimed. Then I was in the next woman's pussy, doing the same thing to a trim Black woman. After only a half dozen strokes, she yelled out "Joe!" I was amazed as I wrote my own name down; this woman evidently knew her cocks.

And so we men progressed down the line. Anne also guessed right, as did Denise. The rest were all over the place. Even Maria, who I figured should have known by now what my cock felt like, mistook me for Bret. I finished with Lan, the young Asian woman next to Helen, who also thought I was Bret. 

"Oh, man," Maria said. "I've had so much cock now I can't even feel 'em anymore. Are we completely around the circle now? I think I've lost count."

"We're done," said Tony, a hairy guy with a wrestler's build and a short thick dick who was right next to me at Number Seven. "We just finished up." The he went back to fucking Helen.

"Then girls, take off the masks and see whose dick is inside you now. And finish them off, because I bet these guys are in misery about now."

Lan laughed and removed her mask, and smiled at me. "You're not Bret! I could have sworn! Well, I bet you can cum as hard as he can!"

"We have a problem," Bret said. "I'm paired with Anne!" 

"I knew it!" Anne crowed. "Didn't I just say 'Bret'?"

"Well, Anne," Maria replied. "Do you want to fuck your husband, or would you prefer another cock?"

"I get enough of Bret's sperm already," Anne laughed. "Give me somebody else!"

"OK, then," Maria said. "Trade with me." And her partner Dean, a tall man with a long thin prick, pulled out of her and switched places with Bret. "Hurry up," Lan told me as we started fucking again. "I'm so close, I've gotta cum." I increased my tempo and she started to climax, her dark nipples hard on her chest as I reached for her tits. I felt powerful muscles clenching my cock. That sent me over the edge, and my cock spit an hour's worth of pent-up jism into her vagina. I groaned and she gave a shriek, but you could barely hear it over the cacophony of two dozen people coming almost simultaneously. The smell of sex and sweat in the room was overpowering.

I heard Maria's voice next. "OK, guys, clean up that mess you made and we'll get to the tallying." I wondered briefly what she meant, but then I saw every other man pull out of his consort and begin lapping at her pussy, drinking his sperm as it oozed out of her cunt. I did the same, lapping at Lan's pussy and clit, which was as hard as her nipples. She came again, as did many of the ladies, noisily signaling their delight. Helen caught Lan's arm and whispered into her ear. "You got lucky. Isn't he a great cunt-licker? I got him last time." 

Maria murmured to her partner, "Dean, be a dear and collect the chalkboards." Wiping their combined juices from his mouth, he got up and retrieved the chalkboards. Maria took each one and entered the data into her laptop. 

"We've got a winner. It's Eunice, who got seven right." The trim Black woman got up and took a bow. "To tell you the truth, I was guessing half the time," she said. "After dick number seven or so, they all started to feel alike."

"Anne got six right, I got four right, and ...Dora, you didn't get anybody right!" As the woman with the gray muff blushed, we all laughed at her embarrassment. "I guess my cunt hasn't had the experience that yours has, girls. I'll try to do better next time."

"Now for the guys. Dean, you've got the most distinctive prick in the bunch ... nine women guessed you correctly. It must be that length. Bret, you came in second. You also had the most number of wrong guesses. Was that wishful thinking, girls?" Bret blushed as he fondled his now limp cock. "Clyde was third, and Joe was fourth. I bet his numbers will go up when we girls get better acquainted with that tool of his.

"Well, that's it. I had a good time, and hope you did, too. Thanks for coming, and thanks for cumming." With that, she got up and hugged each of us, caressing each cock and pussy as she did so. Each sex went into its separate shower room ... strange, since we were sharing our bodies so intimately just a few seconds ago. I made a remark about that to Clyde, as he showered at the nozzle next to mine. "I think that it's because if we all showered together, we'd never get out of here at all. In fact, it looks like Tony and Bret can't wait." I looked over to see them sharing a single showerhead, stroking each other's erections. I noticed that many of the other men were getting hard again, in expectation of some more hot sex when they got home, and my own cock was beginning to swell.

************

Maria met me outside, her hair still wet from her shower. We drove home and immediately shed our clothes. Her hand immediately went to her pussy, and without a shred of self-consciousness, she started masturbating as I slipped off my undershorts. I slipped behind her and lifted and kneaded her breasts as I slipped my hardening dick between her ass cheeks. 

"So you thought my cock was Bret's," I teased. 

"Actually, I thought your cock was Bret's, and that Bret's cock was yours. They're about the same size, and your stroking action is pretty much the same, too. The only real difference is that his balls hang lower, and I couldn't see them, of course. Why do you ask? Are you jealous?"

"Hell, no. It's just a game, anyway. And I'm glad that it wasn't me that had to do the guessing. I think I could pick out Anne's pussy, because she's so small and tight. But, my dear, I'm not sure I could even pick out yours, which is my favorite in all the world."

"Like you said, it's just a game. Let's lie down on the couch and get comfortable. I think I need being teased a while. You have no idea how sore my pussy is. You guys were pumping like there was no tomorrow."

"On behalf of the entire male sex, I apologize." And with that, we lay down on our couch, her back to my front, and I played with her breasts, which had had too little attention paid to them that day. I took some baby oil and massaged them until they were silky to the touch and her nipples were hard and high, and pushed them together and then let them fall flatly down the side of her ribs. 

As we played, I asked her a question. "I was thinking of something today. Remember how you used to rag on me when you caught me reading Penthouse or Hustler? You would get on my case about how I was objectifying women, thinking of them as just sex objects ...'twats and tits' is how you put it ... instead of human beings. But weren't you doing the same thing with us guys today? I felt like my cock was the only thing you girls appreciated, because that's all you could sense about us. You couldn't see us or hear us, so all you could know about us was what our cocks felt like in your cunts."

"Well, what's good for the goose..." she said. "Women don't usually get to objectify men like men do women. OOh. What you were doing with my nipple just now, do that some more. Yeah. What was I saying? Oh yes. When we were playing 'Guess the Cunt' a few months ago, I found myself thinking the same thing you were. But the difference wasn't just that it was men being objectified instead of women. It was that we were learning about our cunts and the power we had over men because of them. And I was learning about penises, too. How they're all different, how I can take and give pleasure with each of them. I have more knowledge about my own body now, and that gives me more control, and more control makes me happier and more secure.

"Which reminds me. I'm still too sore to fuck, but I know I don't need to do that to give you pleasure. Right now, I want breast stimulation, so I'm going to take control of that. Lay down on your back." So I did. She bent over me, took the bottle of baby oil, and anointed my dick, teasing it to hardness. Then she re-oiled her own boobs and let them swing over my chest. Then she lowered herself onto my body, pressed her breasts together, and slid my shaft between them. "Fuck them, Joe. Fuck my girls." I wriggled in pleasure as I watched the head of my cock disappear into the valley between her breasts, then re-emerge, pre-cum mixing with the oil. The feeling was heavenly. I felt the orgasm coming, and so did she. "Let it flow, Joe. Don't try to hold it back. This is for you." And she slid one breast up and one breast down, taking opposite directions on each side of my dick. I spurted, globs and globs of cum flowing onto my chest as I climaxed. She chuckled, dipped each nipple into the pool of cum on my chest, and slid up my body until her breasts were at my mouth so I could suckle my sperm from each hard nipple. "That's the second time in one day I've sampled my own cum," I said. She giggled, and then she slid back down my body until our groins were pressed together, my limp cock caressed by the folds of her pussy and the rest of my cum smeared along our bodies. We fell asleep that way. The day that had begun with my cock entering a dozen pussies, not once but twice, ended with it orgasming into not a pussy but two perfect tits. Whatever the Ladies Club had done for Maria, it had done much more for me.