 Sex with Maria was an eye-opening experience. Her black hair, fair skin, and dark eyes made here an arresting sight, and she was totally comfortable with her body ... all 130 pounds of it. If she'd lost a dozen pounds of that, she could have passed for Marina Sirtis, but she was happy with the extra weight, and it was really her voluptuous breasts, winning smile, and ready pussy that captivated me.

What a difference the Ladies Club had made in her! When I left town six years ago, we were lovers, but she constantly fretted about her weight and felt awkward about kissing in public. She wouldn't dream of going to the beach in anything but a modest one-piece suit, and when she found my stack of girlie magazines in my dorm room at college, she berated me for my "objectification" of women's bodies, whatever that meant. Now she didn't give a damn about her weight and pranced buck-naked in front of up to two dozen equally naked men and women without a blush. She adored group sex and delighted in games involving cunts and cocks, without much regard for the bodies attached to them. 

She also made it clear that if I wanted to be with her, I had to go along with these games. That was no problem; even if I were excluded from them, I'd still support them because they'd done so much good for her. But as it was, I was a full participant in them myself.

Or almost a full participant. The difference was that the men could play the games, too, but they couldn't call any of the shots. That was solely the prerogative of the women ... hence the name of the club. We guys all danced to their tune. In fact, it was this condition that made the club possible, since Maria wouldn't have entered any situation involving group sex if she weren't sure she could control it. 

Maria and I now shared a house, with extra bedrooms for the kids we were planning to adopt once we felt committed enough to each other ... and Maria wasn't rushing that, either. For now, she was happy to let our love for each other grow and solidify. And I think that she didn't want to put a speedy end to our anywhere, anytime sex life, as we'd have to do once we had a family to think about.

At the next meeting of the Ladies Club, it was Dora, a middle-aged woman with prematurely graying hair and a soft, pliant body who got to choose the game of the day. It was one that no woman had any objections to, she said as we filed in. As usual, all the men entered from the men's shower room of the clubhouse, where we'd stripped, showered if we needed to, and stroked ourselves to hardness ... the ladies expected us to be ready for action when we arrived, as any boy-toy was supposed to be. Brian, as usual, was wearing a cock ring; he explained that it helped him keep his erection. His doctor wouldn't let him take any "erectile dysfunction" drugs, due to his high blood pressure, but he found that the cock ring did the job. "You should try one, too, Joe," he told me. "It can't hurt. And don't tell me Maria has never wished you had more staying power. I haven't met a women who didn't."

I smiled at him as we stroked our cocks to full erection. Elsewhere in the room, Tony and Bret were stroking each other's cocks; it gave them that added frisson. If these guys went any further down the gay road, they did it elsewhere, since the stuff that went on during the meetings was thoroughgoing heterosex, at least for the men. 

I walked in to see Dora standing next to four massage tables, each draped with a towel, with another table next to each one. Each table held another stack of towels and a bowl of water kept warm by a hot plate; immersed in the bowls were bottles of body oil. The lights were low, the room was warm, and soft music, heavy on rhythm, played in the background. As the last men straggled in, Dora addressed us.

"Here's my fantasy. I've always had sensitive boobs, and I've dreamed of getting a massage from lovers, boys and girls, who bring me off just by massaging me. Now I've got the chance to make that real, and I'm going to do it.

"We've got only sixteen people here tonight. So we'll split into groups of four -- two guys, two girls. As usual, don't use your regular partners. The two girls at each table will take turns being massaged. The first one will lie on her stomach, and the other three people will give her a thirty-minute massage, six hands. Let your partners know what you want rubbed, and how much. The masseurs can only massage the places they can reach, but if the ladies want to frig themselves, that's all right. At the end of thirty minutes, the women at each table switch places, so the other lady can get her back massaged." 

"I don't get it," said Bret's wife Anne, a small-breasted woman with blonde hair cut short. "What's the contest? Who wins?"

"No contest this month, and everybody wins. We're just out for the experience, the sensation of six hands massaging you. You can orgasm any time you want to, the girls that is. You can even slip an arm under you and frig yourself if you want to."

"What happens if we want our fronts massaged, too?" This from Helen, a woman with low-hanging breasts, one slightly larger and lower than the other, who was considered one of the most highly-sexed females in the club. Her question was met with a chorus of nervous giggles.

"I'm coming to that, Helen. At the end of the first round, the women turn over and your partners massage your fronts. This time, we expect them to concentrate on our breasts, but we don't want them to completely ignore the rest of us. The guys can't touch your pussies, or their cocks, but you ladies can if you feel like it.

Oh, and another thing: we want you guys to stay hard, but you can't touch their cocks. So the lady who's doing the massaging is expected to use a little oil on the guys, too, to keep them hard. We'll let 'em cum when we're done, but make 'em suffer for the next two hours." The ladies laughed, and the men groaned.

My two female partners were an Asian woman named Lan and a Black woman named Margie. Aside from their almost black hair, dark nipples, and brown eyes, these two women could scarcely be more different. While Lan was very petite, probably weighing less than a hundred pounds, Margie was heavy-set and voluptuous, with large flat breasts and an ass of monumental proportions. Her nipples were barely nubbins, centered in areolas the size of saucers. She's like one of those ancient fertility goddesses, I thought, all tits and ass and belly. I'd never really cared for that kind of physique; on most women I'd seen, it looked grotesque. But on her, it looked utterly right and proper. I remembered how soft and full and wet her pussy was when I'd fucked her at the last meeting, and how I enjoyed burying my cock in that fleshy cunt. The only fat things about Lan were her nipples, which stood proudly atop small firm breasts. Although she was probably in her late thirties, she hadn't put on a pound since her teens. Equally fit were her cunt muscles, which I remember clenching my cock at it shot my sperm into her at the last get-together.

We were matched up with Tony, a short, stocky man whose body was covered with dark curly hair from his chest down to his crotch. He seemed to have a perpetual frown on his face, and didn't say much, but what I at first took for dislike turned out to be shyness. He had the body of a wrestler who had gone somewhat to seed, muscle turning to fat, but he carried it well, and his stamina was the stuff of legend. Limp, his cock almost disappeared into the thatch of his pubes, just the head showing, but when erect, as it was now, it jutted out half a handspan, thick and hard. 

The ladies were bantering easily. "You've got so much more skin than I have," Lan joked. "You should have some of my minutes." 

"No, dear. You'll need them more. I can cum in a flash, particularly with you and these studs working on me. I know how educated your hands are!"

"Well, then, who wants to go first?"

"You go first, Lan. I want so much to put my hands on your butt."

So Lan climbed onto the table, and Dora started the timer. I stood at the foot of the table, while Margie stood to my left and Tony my right. Taking a bottle of warm oil, I poured it into the cup of my hand, and smeared it onto her calves. Next to us, Bret, Clyde and Dora were applying oil to Maria's prone figure as she closed her eyes and relaxed. Lan spread her legs; she was definitely inviting me to go to her inner thighs, and I accepted the invitation, spreading the oil almost up to the tuft of hair at her crotch. Then I moved to her butt-cheeks, oiling them and spreading them to expose her anus. Seeing what I was doing, Margie rubbed oil into the cleft, an oily finger pressing against Lan's asshole, then into it up to the first knuckle, massaging her rectum. I went back to Lan's thighs, calves and feet as my partners massaged Lan's arms and back. After ten minutes, we rotated clockwise around the table, at Margie's suggestion, and I moved to Lan's left side as Tony took over my position at the foot of the table. Reaching over the table, Margie grabbed my cock and gave it an oily rub, maintaining my erection, as she'd been doing with Tony from time to time. Thus inspired, I massaged Lan's neck and back, moving down her rib cage to stroke the outside of her left breast. At the twenty-minute mark, we rotated again. Then it was Tony who was across from me, and he'd massage my cock just as Margie had done. Wasn't this against the rules? I thought. Dora had said that the men couldn't touch their cocks, but she didn't say that men could touch other men's cocks. My conscience satisfied, I reached for Tony's dick and returned the favor. It was the first cock I'd ever touched, other than my own. I gave it a little squeeze, and Tony smiled. 

Meanwhile, Lan had totally relaxed and was purring like a cat. Her breathing became deeper when Margie slipped a finger into Lan's ass and gently finger-fucked it, while Tony and I spread her butt cheeks.

The timer chimed, and it was Margie's turn. She stretched out on the table, and Lan took her place as masseuse. I marveled at how different these bodies were, and yet how equally alluring they seemed to me. One fair-skinned, the other the color of rich dark chocolate. One trim, the other voluptuous. One quietly passive, the other wriggling with delight. At one point, Margie's right hand disappeared under her body, seeking her vulva, and it was seven hands that were massaging her. I noticed to my surprise that I welcomed both Tony's hand and Lan's on my dick, whoever happened to be opposite to me. Indeed, it seemed that Tony was all business, seeming to know how to tease a cock with a minimum of effort, but Lan's almond eyes danced with laughter as she rubbed my erection, as if the enjoyed the game and the flirting in a way that Tony didn't.

The timer chimed again. "Stay on the table," Lan said. "Just roll over."

"Are you kidding, girl? I'm so overstimulated now, I'd cum and cum, and wouldn't be good for anything for an hour. Get on up here." Margie slid off, and Lan got on, face up.

Again, I went to the foot of the table and worked on Lan's feet, shins, and thighs. Again, I ran the oil right up to her crotch. Meanwhile, Tony was massaging her left side, holding her arm up, smearing the oil on it, from her fingers to the tuft of black hair in her armpits. Margie, on the other side, was kneading oil into Lan's right breast and nipple, teasing it to hardness. Margie's own heavy, dark-chocolate breasts, dangling and swinging as she massaged Lan's, mesmerized me, and Margie knew exactly what effect she was having on me.

When we again changed positions, I found myself at Lan's right side, directly across from those swinging dark breasts with almost black nipples and areolas. I couldn't help but wonder how they would feel in my hand. Lan's tits were so firm that they rose up from her chest almost without sag, but I knew Margie's would lie almost flat, tumbling down each side of her chest, inviting as pillows. My cock twitched with the thought, and Margie noticed it and smiled. She reached over and gave it a little squeeze. By this time, it had been trickling pre-cum for an hour, the drops landing on Lan's skin and mingling with the oil, and I was aching for release. Tearing my eyes from Margie's cleavage, I paid attention to Lan's own darling boobs, just the right size to fill my hand. As I kneaded her breasts, I'd let the nipples slip between my middle and ring finger, and squeeze the fingers together. 

Finally, it was Margie at Lan's feet. Tony moved up to Lan's right side, I moved to her left, and we each took a slippery boob into our hand and kneaded them in unison, tweaking the nipple with between our fingers. Lan's hand flew to her pussy, and she started massaging the folds of her inner lips. Margie's hand glided up Lan's legs to her crotch, and she spread the outer folds with her own hands. Lan's body began to heave, her lungs gasping for air, her hand strumming her clit as Margie held the clitoral hood back. She gave a little scream, and to my astonishment I saw fluid jet up from her pussy, almost a foot it seemed to squirt. I knew women could lubricate heavily, and Maria had often drenched my cock with her cum, but this was the first time I had seen a cunt squirt like that. Tony reached across to give my dick a pull, but I waved him off; I told him that I would cum at the slightest touch. "I hear you, bro," he confessed with a grin. "I'm the same way right now." 

Then it was Margie's turn again. As she lay on her back, her breasts indeed flattened against her chest and hung down, their sides almost touching the table. "Oil my pussy, Lan," she pleaded. Lan spread the oil over Margie's vulva, rubbing it into that curly black hair, while my hands stroked the length of those strong legs. Margie brought her legs up and rotated her ass so that her asshole was off the table, and said "Joe?" I knew what she wanted. Dipping a finger into the oil, I finger-fucked her ass as she pressed three of her own fingers into her cunt. Meanwhile, Tony and Lan were oiling and massaging her huge breasts and belly; her dark skin glistened and glowed with the oil. "Oh, shit," said Margie. "Oh shit, oh, oh, oh..." and then her climax hit her like an express train and that great body trembled and spasmed, her ass lifting up and liberating the finger I'd planted there.

Then she relaxed, and laughed. She spread wide, letting her lower legs and feet dangle over the side of the massage table. Her inner lips were in plain view, pink and wet. "Wow. Damn. That was hot. But weren't you guys supposed to have rotated by now?"

"No problem," I said. "But let's do it now. I want at least one chance to play with one of those marvelous tits of yours." I moved to my left and took her right breast into my hand. 

"Yeah. Do that. Lan, you do the other one. Make me cum again. I need to cum again."

"My mum always told me to do what a lady asks me to." I replied, and we all laughed. Margie settled back, brought her legs back onto the table, and we resumed. She did come again, not as intensely, as we pleasured her. 

The timer chimed for the final time. Dora, who had just cum herself, moved shakily into a sitting position and hugged Maria and Bret, and gave Clyde a kiss.

"That was perfect!" she exulted. "That was exactly what I dreamed! Oh, God. Look at me! I'm a mess!" Her low breasts shone with oil and sweat, and her chest was flushed and red. 

"Well, are you guys ready to cum?" We all cheered in the affirmative.

"Then ladies, why don't you give your masseurs their tip?"

Margie smiled at Tony. "Do you think this table can support both our weights?" she asked as she spread her legs.

"Only one way to find out," he said, as he clambered on. His dick impaled her before his weight was even on her, and her legs locked around his ass. I saw Dora welcoming Bret into her the same way. Maria grabbed Clyde. Standing, she lifted one leg and supported it on the lower rung of one of the oil tables, offering her bald pussy to him. Crouching slightly, he fitted his dick into it and then stood up, impaling her. Every other woman in the room took a man's penis into her charge, and the room went quiet again except for moans of male pleasure.

Lan put her arms around my neck. "Lift me up," she said. I grabbed her legs, oil-slippery as they slipped up mine, and lifted her high; she wrapped her legs around me as I stood. "Higher," she said, and reached down for my dick. I lifted her a few more inches, and she guided my cock into her cunt, and I lowered her onto my now aching shaft. Another first for me; I'd never made it with anybody as light and agile as she was. As I raised and lowered her, I felt her pussy clench my cock as her oily breasts slid against my chest, nipples raking mine. Then I came with a tremendous spurt of semen, then another, then another. I squeezed her so tight that she protested, then giggled to let me know that I hadn't done any real harm. My cock softened and slid out, and she slid her slippery legs down mine, one at a time, and assumed a standing position once more. We held our bodies close for a little while longer and kissed, my hand stroking her vulva, catching the cum as it trickled out of her and rubbing it into her bush.

"Did you cum?" I whispered.

"Not that time," she said simply. "But, hey, who's complaining? You're a wonderful masseur. So much more gentle than Tony. You did great. And such a gentleman for asking. Maria is so lucky."

By this time, even Tony's famous stamina had run out, and with a grunt he deposited his sperm into Margie's vagina. Margie kissed him tenderly and whispered something into his ear as he dismounted from her. And with that, the meeting was over. I don't know why, but this time our good-bye hugs seemed to be longer and more intense. Maybe it was the extended stimulation of the ladies, and maybe it was the sensation of oily bodies sliding against each other, but Anne and Helen in particular seemed to want to keep the action going, and couldn't keep their hands off my cock -- or anybody's cock, for that matter. By the time I showered and met Maria outside the clubhouse for the ride home, it was already getting hard again. Maria noticed it, and her hand went to my crotch. 

"You know, we've got a bottle of oil at the house," she grinned. "But first, I've got a cunny full of cum for you to eat. You hungry?"

On the way home, I asked her how the Ladies Club got started. 

"Actually, it was Anne who started it," Maria began. "About five years ago, I think. She and Bret were swingers, but they got tired of that scene. Too much pressure to cum, not enough knowledge about the people they were screwing, too much jealousy, and she didn't feel in control. Anyway, she came across this thing on the Internet. I don't know whether it was a real club, or just somebody's erotic daydream, but she thought, 'We could do something like that.' What really turned her on about it was the play factor, plus the fact that the focus was on the ladies and not the men. 

"Bret was cool with it, so she recruited the first four members from her gym, and two or three more from the school where she taught. Word got around, and eventually Dora told me about it. She'd only joined a few meetings before I did."

"How many are in it now?" I asked. "Or is that privileged information?"

"Not at all. There are eighteen, maybe twenty ladies. But they don't all show up at the same time. Some are on the rag and don't want to come. And then there are the usual vacations, family things, and like that. I guess we average about ten or twelve members at meetings, and of course their partners. Tonight's turnout was low, but next time we'll have more again. You'll see."

"Are all the ladies in committed relationships?"

"Most of them are, I guess. At least, they keep showing up with the same partners. You have the usual break-ups and stuff, and women will drop out for a while and show up with a new partner, but we're pretty much all monogamists. It's funny ... when you can get all kinds of cock at the meetings, you really don't want to look elsewhere."
