 "That's what I want when my turn comes up to host the club again," Maria said one night, after we'd made love.

"What's that, dear?"

"A mouth on each nipple, and one on my clit."

As it turned out, she didn't have to wait that long. And here's how it happened.

It was one of those mornings when Maria and I both woke up horny. Usually I wake up with a hard-on, which disappears by the time I've slipped on my robe and headed for the bathroom. But Maria woke up first, and began playing with my cock to arouse me, in more ways than one. 

"Honey, can't I pee first?" I protested.

"Not today. Today I make you suffer for a while." Saying this, she traced her finger up and down my cock's hard six inches, pinching her nipple with her free hand. Figuring that two can play that game, I slipped my own hand down toward her shaved pussy and let my finger run up and down her labia, stopping just before her clit, slipping it back down to the entrance of her vagina, then up again. She was already wet; she'd either had a hell of a wet dream or had been masturbating before I woke up. We lay that way for a while, wanking each other off while our mouths explored each other's neck. Eventually she rolled over onto her back, her heavy breasts flat against her chest, and she spread her legs. That was my signal to lie on top of her and press the cap of my cock into her pussy, feeling her inner lips against it. "Tease!" she cried, attempting to take more of it into her, but I kept backing away, just keeping the cap inside. She sighed and locked her legs around me, begging for more cock, and I gave it to her, a half an inch at a time. When I was three inches in, I felt her cunt muscles grab it. "Gotcha!" she giggled. 

"Oh, how shall I ever escape!" I protested in a falsetto voice, provoking more giggles. In a deep, gruff voice, she growled, "You'll never escape, my little friend. You must remain captive in my cave forever!"

"Very well, then," I said, and suddenly thrust the remaining three inches into her. I felt her grab me all the harder as we giggled and mock-wrestled. This was a game we often played, especially on weekend mornings when we had nothing planned. I loved this woman for her marvelous sense of play, in bed as well as out of bed. It was natural for her to gravitate to sex games as she got older, and now that she had a couple of dozen people to play them with, she was bolder than ever. 

Echoing her growls, I began pumping in and out, and her giggles turned into deep breaths. I climaxed before she did, but she wasn't far behind, which was a good thing just then, because no sooner did she give a final gasp than the phone on the nightstand rang.

The caller ID told us it was Bret and Anne, one of the couples who joined us in sex games at the Ladies Club (in fact, it was Anne who had founded the club). So Maria picked up the phone and hit the speaker button.

"You were lucky you didn't call a minute before," she said. "We wouldn't have answered the phone."

"Oh, I'm sorry," Anne said. "Were you still asleep?"

"No," I said. "We were fucking. Maria just came."

"JOE!" Maria cried in mock surprise.

"Well, it's not that Bret and Anne don't fuck. We know they do. Sometimes they even fuck each other."

We heard Anne laugh at the other end of the line. "As a matter of fact, we just finished fucking, too. Bret's in the bathroom, and I'm here on the bed with his cum dribbling out of me, making a mess."

The mention of the bathroom brought me back to reality, and I excused myself, now that my cock was ready to perform its other function again. When I came back, Maria had her robe on. "Breakfast?" she said.

"Sure. What did Anne have to say, except to brag about her love life?"

"Well, the call was more serious than that. Anne was calling on her cell phone from a hotel. They had a fire in their house yesterday."

"What? Are you kidding?"

"I wish. They're fine, but the house had a lot of smoke damage and it'll be months before they can move back in."

"Well, we have two spare bedrooms we're not using. How about having them use one of them for a while, until they get on their feet again?"

"Actually, I think that would work. Anne works less than a block from me, and we have the same hours, and we both go to the gym after work. We could car-pool. And with the pressure off, Bret could take his time getting their house back in shape."

We continued to discuss the matter. It never occurred to us that there might be a personality conflict. Anne and Maria had known each other for years, and Bret was as easy-going a guy as you could hope to meet. Besides, I'd fucked Anne at the Ladies Club functions and showered with Bret afterwards, and that give you an intimacy you don't usually get with people you haven't known long.

But that brought up another question, which I asked them when they came over that afternoon to discuss the possibilities further.

"Do you guys still swing?" I asked. "I'm not sure that Maria and I are ready for that scene."

"Don't worry about that," Anne replied. "We're through with that. Too many worries. It's just the Ladies Club now."

"We'll keep our sex to ourselves, and to our bedroom," Bret added. "We don't want to rock any boats."

"What do you think?" I asked Maria.

"Let's give it a try for a month or so. If it works out, we'll keep on with it for a while. If not, at least you've had a month where you didn't have to worry about a roof over your head."

So we shook hands and sealed the deal, and they moved in the following day. We were all surprised at how well we worked together, taking turns with the cooking. Since Bret was a professional contractor, we gave him some of the fix-up projects that had needed attention since we bought the place some months ago. He was an excellent craftsman.

I do have to admit there was some sexual tension, though. I often found myself lusting after Anne, whose tight petite body and come-hither lips would send any man reaching for his cock. And although Maria had to drop her habit of running around the house naked, she often would often wear nothing but a bra and panties, and after a few days Anne followed suit. I often caught Bret staring at Maria's voluptuous figure with a faraway look in his eyes. To be honest, I caught Anne staring at her the same way. It was strange ... we'd seen each other naked plenty of times at the games, but seeing the girls half-clothed somehow made it more erotic. To make things worse, Bret and Anne were noisy lovers, and when their climaxes came, the whole house knew about it. (Not that Maria and I were as quiet as mice, you understand.)

The whole thing came to a head one night when Anne and I found ourselves in the kitchen at the same time, sharing a glass of wine. We had both been making love with our partners and we were in a state of post-coital bliss. As we stood up to say our good-nights, she tugged at the belt of my bathrobe and opened it, letting her own robe fall open, and we did a lingering full-frontal hug and good-night kiss. It was more tenderness than lust; after what we'd just been through, there wasn't much lust left in either of us. But this display of affection left my head spinning. This was a different Anne, a softer and more romantic Anne, from the one I'd humped so energetically and publicly at the Club meetings.

There were only two ways to address this problem: live with the tension or succumb to it. I decided to force the issue after a couple of weeks, when the ladies were gone.

"Bret, Maria's birthday is Saturday, and there's something I'd like to ask of you and Anne."

"You want to have some time alone? No problem."

"It's not that. After the last Ladies Club meeting, Maria told me about a fantasy she's had, about getting pleasured orally by three people. That's not the sort of thing the club can accommodate, but the three of us could do it. Are you game?"

Bret was silent for a minute. "Well, that kind of crosses a line that we drew when we moved in here. But I'd go for it, and I think Anne would go for it. The question is: how do you feel about it? It's one thing for me to be getting Maria off in the course of our games, but to do it here in your own house ... I mean, would it stop with oral sex? Would we go further? Would we regret it?"

It was my turn to be reflective. After a while, I spoke again.

"I'd thought of that. There's all sorts of ways that this could go ... you and Maria, me and Anne, Maria and Anne, maybe even you and me, which I know you'd like even though I haven't done it with a guy before. But we're all mature people. I'd like to try it, at least this thing with Maria's birthday wish, and after that we'll see where it goes."

"It's funny," Bret mused. "In our swinging days, we'd do a lot of wife-swapping. I never thought I'd be going back to that. But it's different now. I care for you and Maria in a way I've never cared for those other couples. With them it was just fucking, and we'd never really socialize with them in any other context. But we live with you guys, we've come to know you as people, and we really like you. In a way, it's like having two spouses ... three spouses, actually, counting you, and something is telling me that it's dangerous territory. But like you say, we're mature people. If it turns out bad for one of us, we should be honest enough to face it like adults. Let's try it. I'll ask Anne."

And he did, and Anne liked the idea, too. So Bret and I made the arrangements.

After dinner on Saturday, Anne and Bret "went out for the evening," leaving Maria and me at home. (They didn't get far before they circled back and let themselves in quietly at the back door. Then, when Maria was in the bathtub, they crept back into their room, stripped naked, and cuddled while they waited for my knock on the door.)

When Maria got out of the bath, I was waiting for her. I was naked myself as I passed her a towel. "I've got something special for you in the bedroom," I whispered to her as I dried her off. Then I handed her a blindfold. Maria took it, and looked at me questioningly.

"Trust me," I said. She smiled and put the blindfold on, and I led her to the bed. "Lay on your stomach," I said. I then took some massage oil and spread it over her back and ass and legs, rubbing it in. I felt her muscles relax as my hands worked their magic.

"Turn over." She rolled over onto her back, and I likewise anointed her belly and breasts and cunt. She spread her legs, and I thrust first one finger, then two, then three into her pussy. She was definitely aroused, breathing heavily.

"Just a second," I said. "I have to get something for you." With that, I slipped out of the room and knocked gently on the guest bedroom door. Bret opened it. His cock was hard. He came out, followed by Anne, whose nipples jutted out from her small breasts like gumdrops. Both hugged me quickly, and then followed me into the bedroom. 

"I'm back," I said. Then I climbed onto the bed and spread Maria's legs further, exposing the beautiful inner lips of her pussy. I lowered my head to her crotch, my tongue probing for her inner labia. I licked them slowly, caressingly, my tongue tracing up one and down the other, savoring the taste of the oil and her juices. At times I would give the tip of her clit a flick, then plunge my tongue into her vagina before resuming the pattern. Meanwhile, she was playing with her breasts, kneading them, pushing them together, pulling at the nipples. 

I lifted my head from Maria's crotch and shifted my weight on the bed, as if I were changing positions, and nodded to Bret. He moved Maria's hand aside and began sucking one of her nipples. Maria smiled, and moved her hand down to her cunt. Then I nodded to Anne.

Anne took the other nipple into her mouth and began sucking with the same tempo Bret was using; they were holding hands and Bret was squeezing Anne's hand to set the tempo. Maria started ... one too many mouths here! How could that be...

Then I moved Maria's hand from her pussy and resumed lapping at her cunt lips. Three mouths! At last Maria caught on, and laughed. "Joe, you rascal! You told them my fantasy!" 

Each of them released a nipple to kiss a cheek. "Happy birthday, Maria," Bret murmured, followed by Anne. They then returned to the nipples they were sucking.

"Shut up and enjoy it, dear," I said. This advice was unnecessary; already she was writhing in ecstasy as three mouths sucked at her, three tongues flicking at nipples and clit. Somehow the blindfold fell off, which was all right, since it had served its purpose, and now we could see Maria's eyes shining with love and lust all at once. She climaxed, hard. My chin was suddenly drenched as she spurted her juice. Her orgasm must have lasted for minutes, and at last she pushed Bret and Anne from her breasts. 

"I never thought my nips could get over-stimulated. Wow. Now I know." And then she laughed and laughed. "Wow. Thank you SO much!" Anne crawled into bed with her and hugged her, kissing her hard on the mouth. Maria responded by taking one of Anne's breasts and caressing it. I'd never seen girl-girl action before (except in the pornos, of course), and to see two women I'd lusted after locked in each other's embrace was almost more than I could bear. Bret was reacting the same way; our cocks were leaking cum almost continuously.

"Maria, we have another present for you," Anne said softly. "How would you like to have my husband's cock in you? This is a present from both of us."

Maria looked up at me in surprise. I nodded, and she smiled. "Well, all right, but on one condition. We can't leave Joe out. Anne, would you be so kind as to relieve the pressure on his poor cock?"

"It's the least I could do," Anne said. "But I don't think this bed's big enough for all four of us. Why don't Joe and I leave you two to your own devices?" With that, she stood up and grabbed me by the dick. I had just enough time to see Bret climb into bed and slide his cock into Maria's cunt before Anne pulled me out of the bedroom. 

No sooner were we in the hall before Anne hugged me hard, pushing her own hairy cunt against my cock. I realized that she was just as frustrated as I was, giving pleasure for the last half hour but receiving none. Now she was an animal, all lust and ferocity. We somehow managed to get to her bedroom without unclasping, and she pulled me down onto the bed where she and Bret had been in a lover's embrace just an hour before. 

"No foreplay," she snapped. "Just cock. Right now." She spread her legs, and her pussy gaped at me, already streaming with her cum. I slid into her, marveling at her tightness. Those small titties of hers were pressed into my chest, her nipples stabbing at my pecs. "Fuck me hard," she growled. I increased my tempo and we rutted like animals. I'd seen her like this at the Ladies Club meetings, but this was different. There it was in front of people, and now it was just for me, with no time limit. I lasted about ten minutes, which surprised me, since I thought that I would cum just seconds after entering her. She herself had started cumming almost immediately, and started those gasps and screams that I had come to know so well from behind the wall. As my orgasm hit, I responded with a roar of my own as I pumped my sperm into that tight cunt, now even tighter with the spasm of her own orgasm. 

Then we relaxed and, with my softening cock still in her cunt, we kissed tenderly. It was almost a reprise of that loving, gentle kiss we shared in the kitchen that night, the first one a promise, this one the fulfillment of that promise. Did I feel that I'd somehow betrayed Maria, now deep in lust with Anne's husband? Not at all. I still loved Maria with a depth that I could never feel with Anne, but I now felt a kinship with the smaller woman that I would never have felt otherwise, almost a brotherly feeling. I could only hope that the same sort of relationship was developing on the other side of the bedroom wall.

As we snuggled, Anne talked about all sorts of things: what Bret meant to her, what the Ladies Club meant to her, what Maria and I meant to her. I'd never met anybody as honest and open as she was. Eventually my dick started to harden again, and she slid on top of me and I felt it glide into her vagina. As she slid back and forth, she caught me looking at her small breasts, just barely full enough to swing slightly.

"Do you wish they were bigger?" she asked.

"No, they're perfect."

"But Maria's are perfect, too, right? And they're three times the size."

"No comparison, dear. Perfection doesn't have anything to do with size. Is an arrangement for full orchestra more perfect than an arrangement for a string quartet?"

She smiled. "Good answer. You pass the test." We continued to thrust slowly, gently, in contrast to the physical intensity of our earlier fuck. I stroked her back, from neck to ass. 

"I know Bret loves me, but I also know he likes big boobs. I bet he's begging Maria to tit-fuck him right now."

"He'd be a fool not to. She loves to do it, and she's good at it. No use having the equipment if you don't use it."

"There's one thing you should know," she said to me. "I usually don't have two really big orgasms in a row. So don't feel you have to make me cum. Just go with the flow, and cum when you like, Joe. I will never fake an orgasm with you to make you feel that you've done your job. I used to do that a lot, back in our swinging days. Every guy seemed to need to know that he got me off big time, so it was easier to pretend to cum to get it over with, but I always hated to lie. So I don't." As she spoke, her eyes gazed into mine. 

"Thanks for letting me know. I appreciate it. Just let me know if there's anything I can do to make it better for you."

"You're doing fine already. But I'm going to sit up so I can diddle my clit while we fuck." And she did. I stroked the front of her thighs as she bounced up and down on my cock, breasts bobbing; her fingers tugged at her clitoral hood, and occasionally slipped down to squeeze my cock. I watched her close her eyes, focusing on the sensations at her groin, gathering energy for another climax, this one small, but enough to send me over the edge to my own.

Later that night, Anne and I got peckish and I went back to my room to get my robe. Maria and Bret were curled up together, still awake, cuddling and talking. They smiled at me as I walked in. I saw the sperm glistening just underneath Maria's chin, and I smiled, too; Anne certainly knew her husband. I invited them to join us in the kitchen, and they got up, their bodies glowing from their lovemaking. Anne came in with her own robe on and Bret's on her arm, and we all trooped into the kitchen. Just before we sat down, Anne brought us all together in a group hug, opening our robes and letting us all feel each other's bodies pressing together. I felt my cock stirring again; I looked down to see Bret's doing the same. "This is what Anne did to me the first night we were together," he said. "This is her way of saying 'It's OK for us to be intimate with each other.'"

Anne smiled, and I suddenly understood that kiss in the kitchen. She'd planned it all along.