 Well, I've told you about some of the previous activities of the Ladies Club, so there's not a lot for me to add. It continues to be a place where couples can engage in sexual games with people other than their usual partners, where the women arrange the games and call the shots, and where the emphasis is on teasing and flirting, not fucking (although fucking often happens at least once during the course of the games). It's based on the concept that group sex should be adventurous and fun, if you leave a few hang-ups about jealousy at the door. Most of us are in committed relationships, but the understanding is that the club is the one place where the commitment takes a back seat to the sex.

Membership in the club has made a huge difference in my lovely Maria's personality. She was no longer the shy, modest teenager who worried about her weight. Now she's a voluptuous rakehell who thinks nothing of being naked in front of up to two dozen people. And what's a guy's idea of heaven, if not being in the same room with a dozen amorous naked ladies like that?

But there was another difference in our relationship when Anne, the founder of the club, and her husband Bret moved into our house last month. To be frank, we've started to think of ourselves not as two pairs, but as a foursome. That was due to what happened at Marie's birthday, when we gave her a six-hand (and three-mouth) massage, end ended up swapping partners for the night. That was my first real taste of Anne as a lover rather than as a sex partner, and I wanted more.

I talked to Maria about it the next day, and told her so. She confessed that he felt the same way about Bret. Since Bret and Anne had been swingers in the past, this wasn't entirely new territory for them, but it was for me and Maria, so we spent the next few days gently probing their feelings about this. To my surprise, Anne didn't have any problem with a "menage a quatre;" she was willing to share Bret as long as Maria would share me. That left only Bret, and we could see by the way he stared at Maria from time to time that he wouldn't be hard to bring on board. And he wasn't. That night, we proposed the new arrangement to them, and when they agreed, we broke out the champagne. Then we all disrobed and Maria and Anne took turns masturbating us men to hardness, one hand on each cock. After a few minutes of this, Anne took me aside and gave me a full-tongue kiss, and Maria took that as a sign to go ahead with Bret. "How do we do the bedrooms?" Maria asked.

"Well, last time, we let the ladies stay in their bedrooms, Anne replied. "This time, let's let the men stay in theirs, and switch the women. I hate to leave a bed unexplored."

"That's my Anne," said Bret. And we all adjourned to our bedrooms. This time, it started out as oral play, with me demonstrating my ability to induce orgasms with my tongue. I had her squealing in no time. She played with her apple-sized titties as I ate her, and in a few minutes she came, hard. After that, she blew me to return the favor, and then kept sucking on my soft cock until I was hard again. Because this wasn't Ladies Club fun and games, we had all the time in the world, and she loved teasing me back to full erection, a millimeter at a time. When I was completely hard again, she mounted me, put my cock inside her, and just used me as a fuck-toy until I came again. Just as I came, she leaned back to give me full penetration, as well as a little more pressure on her G-spot. Then she slapped her clit with her fingers, three times in a row, and climaxed herself. Her muscles must have been aching from fucking in such an extended stance, but she didn't seem to care. 

After hard fucking, she liked cuddling, and she and I just nestled into each other's arms. I traced my finger around the butterfly tat under her navel, and she drew circles around my nipples as we chatted. She confided that Bret didn't always pay enough post-orgasmic attention to her, so she was grateful for the attention. She remarked to me about how lucky Maria was to bag me. I murmured something about Bret being a lucky, lucky man. 

After that, it became our habit to go nude in the house, all four of us. If a man became aroused, whichever female who was closest was the one who serviced him, and got serviced in return. The girls did pretty well at spreading the available pussy around. Anne once asked me how I learned to be so good at giving head, and I told her that Maria taught me everything I knew about the subject. So she asked Maria to give Bret lessons as well. To be honest, most of the improvement came from her being able to let Bret know what she wanted, which she couldn't do before. 

For our most recent meeting of the club, we all drove in one car with Maria driving, Bret in the front seat, and Anne and me in the back. Anne took the opportunity of feeling me up in the back seat. When Bret heard the sound of a zipper being opened, he glanced back and said, "Take it easy, folks! You don't want to get Joe too excited, or he may cum before the festivities start!"

"No problem, dear. I'm just getting him ready, that's all."

We arrived, showered, gathered in the country club's main room, and waited for the others to arrive. As usual, we men stood around naked, stroking our cocks to hardness as we waited for the women to come out of the shower. By the time everybody had arrived, there were eleven of us, which meant that an equal number were in the women's shower area. They seemed to be taking a lot more time than usual in the showers, so I spent the time examining how the furnishings in the room had been rearranged; now there were ten padded armchairs arranged in a circle. The chairs were much higher than standard chairs, their short legs having been replaced with much longer ones. There was a cushion in front of each chair. Finally, the girls trooped out in a unit, and I realized with a shock that each of them had a bare pussy. "What's going on?" I wondered silently.

When we'd all assembled, Anne addressed the group. "I know that you're Mistress of the Games this time, Angela, but before we start, I have an announcement to make. For the past few weeks, Bret and I have been living with Joe and Maria. To make a long story short, we've become a foursome." This news was greeted with scattered applause and murmurs of good will.

"Thank you! But here's the issue. At the Club meetings, we don't consort with our usual partners. But now that Joe is my 'usual partner' as well as Bret, should I refrain from consorting with him at the games? I'll put it to a vote."

"Gee, Anne," Lan protested. "You founded the club, you get to make the rules!"

"Well, I feel more comfortable if we came to some sort of mutual agreement."

Angela, a trim Black woman with long legs and prominent tits, chimed in. "Actually, we don't have to decide right now. It doesn't really make any difference in tonight's game. I'll explain why in a moment, but here's the rundown on the game.

"You'll have to forgive us girls for taking longer in the shower than usual. As you see, we've all gone bare-pubes, and this is why: the game is going to be 'Taste the Pussy.' We all know that we girls taste different...thanks, guys! ... but I wondered how good you men would be at telling them apart if you were blindfolded. So we're going to test you. Now that we're all bare down there, you'll have to go by how our pussies feel and taste.

"Now I happen to be on the rag today, so I'll disqualify myself." she said, pointing at the string that protruded from her cunt. "Any guy with two taste buds should be able to tell me apart from the rest of the ladies! So Denise has agreed to loan me Brian as my assistant. Don't worry, I'll take good care of him! He won't be disappointed!

"The first round will be the guys' chance to get to know us. The ladies will all sit in the chairs, and the guys will have four minutes to pleasure them with their mouths and tongues. They'll get to hold our knees, but that and their mouths on our pussies are the only contact allowed. After four minutes, each guy moves one chair to his right, until he's had a chance to taste every girl's pussy. Are we all clear? Let's get started. Girls, take your seats! Guys, take the girl who's seated to the right of your usual partner, and let's begin!"

As Angela passed around bottles of mineral water to the guys (to "help cleanse our palates," she said with a grin), the girls mounted their chairs, draped their legs over the armrests, and slid their bodies forward until their cunts were at the edge of their chairs. The sight of all those bare pussies gaping at us was enough to make us rock-hard, even without our usual "fluffing." I found myself looking at Margie, a Rubenesque Black woman with huge breasts that now lay flat and tumbled down the side of her chest. I heard the timer ring, and started lapping at her slit, feeling the size of her clit and her inner lips and tasting her unique combination of sweat and juices. After four minutes, I was sure that I could pick her cunt out of the crowd. The timer chimed again, so I gave her pussy a last kiss and moved on to the next woman, an older white woman named Helen, who had been my consort at the first club meeting I attended. She already knew from experience how good a cunt-licker I was, and she said, "Don't disappoint me, Joe!" as she presented her quim to me. 

And so we went around the circle. I had now idea how different women's pussies could be. Each one had its own distinctive taste, as complex as any wine, with varying overtones of musk, honey, perfume, and soap. Some of them had almost no traces of inner lips; others had lips that blossomed forth like petals on a flower. Some had small, sensitive clits, and others had large ones that you could suck on. Even after using the water to refresh my taste buds, I despaired of keeping them all straight after a while. By the time I finished the circuit, all the ladies were both breathing and lubricating heavily. The smell of pussy was strong in the room, and most of the girls were close to orgasms. The last lady was a newcomer who had plump tits with areolas the size of half dollars, blond hair, and blue-green eyes, like turquoise. "Hi!" I said. "I'm Joe."

"I'm Darlene," she purred. "I'm glad to meet you. Are you guy Doris talks about, the one with the talented tongue?"

"Uh, oh! My reputation's preceded me! Now I have to live up to it!"

"Well, do your best, honey." And so I did. She actually came in my mouth, wetly. I glanced over at the fellow she had come with, a tall athletic man named Gary, but he was too busy with a slim Asian woman named Lan to notice. "These guys are going to fit right in," I thought.

Then we took a short break, to let the ladies calm down a little. Angela passed around more bottles of water.

After the break, the contest itself started. First, we rearranged the chairs to form two circles of five chairs. Then we men were blindfolded and separated into two teams of five. To make the blindfolds more effective, the room was also darkened. "I'm going to assign you five ladies for your team. The only thing you'll know about them is that none of them will be your usual partner. The idea is that you pleasure them for five minutes. The girls will have slates and chalk to record your guess as to who they are. Right guesses get you a point. Wrong guesses or not guessing give you no points. 

"Joe and Bret are going to be on one team, which means that Marie and Anne will be assigned to the other team, so you won't be at any advantage over the other guys. Shall we start? OK!"

I felt my arm being pulled, and I followed Angela (or was it Brian?) over to one of the chairs. My hand was placed on a knee, and my free hand found my woman's other knee. I heard the bell chime, and went to her pussy at once. I felt the inner lips and clit with my tongue, noting their size. My tongue lapped her slit, savoring her taste. Big clit, average lips, slight tang, overtones of honey and molasses. Denise? Probably.

"Denise," I said as the four minutes were up. I heard something written on the chalkboard. I heard Angela say, "OK, guys. Move one seat to your right." I moved over and groped out for the leg of the next woman. I found it and slid my hand up to her knee. The bell chimed again to start the "second round." This girl was really flowing. Big inner labia, tiny little clit. A very slight fishy taste, hardly noticeable but there. Now who was that woman? Vickie? Gail? Dora? Damn, I should have been paying better attention! Whoever it was, my tongue was enough to bring her to a climax, and I felt her legs suddenly spasm and shudder under my hands. All around me, I heard whimpers and gasps as other women also succumbed to their orgasms. I eventually picked Dora, almost at random. I heard a chuckle from my consort as she made a note on the clipboard.

The next two were a little more distinctive, with musky odors that I remembered well. But my last woman was a complete blank. Both her cunt and her clit were average size, and there was nothing distinctive about her pussy odor. At last, I thought I caught a scent of lavender. Who used lavender soap? Lan did, I thought. So I said her name. 

"OK, friends!" I heard Angela say. "Men, stand up and get yourselves hard, but don't take off your blindfolds. Ladies, it's time to give these boys some relief!" I was already hard -- indeed, for the past hour I had never really gone soft -- and I felt a hand grab my cock and pull it forward. My consort guided it into her cunt, and I leaned forward to slide it in all the way. Damn! It wasn't Lan's! Not tight enough! But who?

Not that I cared at this point. My whole body cried out for relief, and I could manage only seven or eight strokes before I felt myself cumming, emptying a load of jizz into that mystery cunt. I felt her Kegel muscles clamping on to my cock, squeezing it dry. 

"Blindfolds off!" Angela cried. I felt hands reach behind me to untie the knot. The bandanna slipped off my eyes and I found myself staring into eyes of turquoise blue. I glanced down Darlene's body, now flushed red with passion. I glanced at the other women in my circle, and found to my relief that Darlene was the only one I got wrong.

Within seconds, every man had come. "Clean up time!" Angie barked, and I dropped to my knees again and lapped my cream as it trickled from Darlene's pussy. As I worked, her hands kneaded her plump breasts and twisted her nipples, and she came with a little shudder. I looked across the room and her husband was looking at her with a big smile on his face, his own mouth smeared with the cum he had just licked off Anne's snatch. I kissed Darlene on the mouth and said, "Welcome to the club!" She kissed back, thrusting her tongue inside my mouth and giggling.

The slates were collected, and the results punched into Angela's laptop. "Team B is the winner, with nineteen points. Two of their members, George and Steve, got perfect fives. Team A got seventeen points. Only Jose got a perfect score on that team. There were a few fours, and the rest of you got at least one. Good work, guys!"

"Didn't you promise me something, Angela?" Brian asked.

"Oh, yeah. Come here, and let me take care of that hard-on!" She then proceeded to kneel in front of him and give him a blowjob, which the other girls encouraged with hoots and shouts. "A show! A show!" I heard Anne cry. Angela obliged by removing her mouth from Brian's cock and finishing him off with her hands, resulting in a gush of cum that spurted in gob after gob from his cock and landed on her tits and belly. We all clapped as he acknowledged us with a blush and a smile. And then the "meeting" was adjourned, and we all trooped back to our separate shower areas. As usual, Bret and Tony shared a shower-head, rubbing their cocks together as they hugged.

On the way home, it was my turn to drive and Maria and Bret's turn to neck in the back. We pulled into the driveway and piled out. Both girls were horny as hell, and we soon had our clothes off again. Maria took two blankets and laid them on the thick shag carpeting in the living room. Then she grabbed Bret and pulled him down onto her, and they coupled in the missionary position as soon as his erection was at full mast. As he slid into her, she raised those perfect legs straight up into the air and spread them wide. Meanwhile, Anne had pushed me down on my back, sucked me to hardness, and then impaled herself on my shaft, riding me cow-girl style. I had wondered if I would recover from the last orgasm with Darlene quickly enough, but the sight of Anne's naked body was enough to inflame me. Her bald pussy, combined with her light frame and apple-sized breasts, reminded me of how she might have looked when she was just into her teens, and I found myself hard in a flash. Her hand pinched and fondled her clit as she rode me, and I stroked her legs as she bounced up and down. I felt her cunt muscles tighten on my cock. That girl could break walnuts with her Kegels, I bet. I heard Maria wail out, announcing her climax, followed by Bret's roar as he gave a final thrust into her, his balls scraping the blanket on the floor. Then Anne came with a scream of her own, and I felt her juices running down my cock onto my balls. That was enough to send me over the brink, and my cock pulsed with my seed again and again, with each pulse echoed by a squeeze of her cunt muscles.

Then Anne got up off me, my cock slipping out of her with a plop. "I'm thirsty," she said, and went into the kitchen, returning a moment later with a freshly opened bottle of wine in one hand, four plastic glasses in the other, and my cum running down her right leg. By this time, I was at Maria's cunt, sucking Bret's sperm up as it welled from her. I'd eaten her out lots of times, and was used to the taste of her pussy, both with and without my semen coming out of it. But now there was a new flavor, and the day's games had opened up my senses to all sorts of new, exciting ways for a pussy to taste like. "Of all the pussies I've tasted today, yours is the sweetest!" I declared. "And Bret's jizz is the icing on the cake!"

We drank the wine and chatted for a while, with the girls discussing how it felt like to be eaten by ten guys in a row, and the guys comparing pussies. Then we got up, stretched, and prepared and ate dinner without bothering to dress. By dessert time, we were ready for more action, so we said our goodnights. Anne hugged me close, pressing her little tits into my chest and her bald pussy against my cock while Bret kissed Maria goodnight in a similar fashion. Then Bret surprised my by giving me a hug and a mouth-to-mouth kiss, and squeezing my hardening cock. In response, I took his cock, so much like mine in size and shape, into my own hand and gave it a quick squeeze.

"So you like the taste of my cum," he chuckled. "We'll make a real bi-boy out of you yet!" I smiled back, thinking that if there was ever a guy I would want to jerk off, or have jerking me off, it would be Bret. 

And then we parted company, and Maria and I made love again in our bed. This time, it was leisurely, with no great rush to climax. Her clit was still in overdrive from the day's sport, so I pleasured her by sucking on those huge nipples of hers and running a finger up her vagina, tickling her G-spot. I took my time, and it was almost an hour before she came with her last climax of the day, but it was a huge one for her. And then it was my turn to slip my cock into her -- the third pussy it had visited that day -- and spew my final load into her womb. And then we fell asleep in each other's arms. Before she nodded off, she murmured, "Good game today!"

"Sure was," I replied drowsily.

"Did you mean what you said about my pussy tasting best?"

"I sure did."

"And about Bret's jizz?"
