 Vera, Malena, and Liz were former co-workers at the city's most prestigious Art Museum. Back in the day, they formed an infamous cohort of troublemakers at work; known for their dirty sense of humor, long lunches, and early escapes to happy hour. 

It was only when each of them had moved on to new careers that they realized how much fun they used to have together. A decade later, they each had found themselves on separate paths and rarely made time to get together. That is until Malena invited them for drinks at her new condo on a late summer evening; which they gladly accepted. 

In the car, on the way to Malena's, Ted stole glances of his wife Vera's sexy outfit: a short vintage green dress with sheer black stockings and heels. Vera was partial to wearing green, which was a great match for her intense hazel eyes and fiery red hair. She was a classy woman in her mid-30's; proud of her Russian decent and European sense of style. 

Vera had been happily married to Ted for five years, the last few of which she spent opening up and running her very own boutique wine shop. Ted's position as professor of early modern European history at the local university was a nice compliment to his wife's love of wine and travel. 

Ted was dressed in a suit and tie on this particular evening as he was on his way to join a symposium at the public library. His dark brown hair had grown out enough to show off the natural waviness and compliment his kind blue eyes. 

"It's very nice of you to drive me, I could have taken the bus or a cab." said Vera to her husband. 

"Malena's place is so far away, I'm happy to drive you. Have you seen yourself in the mirror? I don't think the bus driver would be able to pay attention to the road. I know I can't," said Ted in his typical polite and hammy tone. "You know I don't mind picking you up later if you need a ride," offered Ted as they pulled up to the Malena's condo. 

"Thank you so much honey, you are the best," said Vera as she kissed her husband goodbye.

Just before she opened the door she lifted her dress to reveal that she was wearing thigh-high stockings with lacy black tops strapped to a lacy garter belt, and no panties. A small trimmed patch of fiery pubic hair was on display, just above her beautifully smooth pussy lips. "Do you like what I'm wearing?" she asked. 

"Whoa. What are you trying to do to me?" he pleaded. 

"Just think about me when you are up there in front of all of those people tonight," she offered with smile. 

Vera had recently become addicted to the thrill of surprising her husband, especially when he was busy with work. The less available he was the more she wanted him. Plus, she thought it would be fun to dress sexy for ladies cocktail night. She wanted to put the idea in Ted's head that the three of them would all be hanging out in sexy lingerie, even if that was not the case. 

Ted blushed and smiled "Okay, have fun. I'll pick you up later when you're ready." He was a bit on the shy side, especially when his wife was tantalizing him. The next three hours at the symposium move very slowly for Ted as he eagerly anticipated his wife's call. He couldn't stop thinking about what was beneath his wife's dress. He had visions of her modeling in front of her girlfriends; pulling up her dress and her excited friends admiring and eagerly moving their hands across her.

*** 

Years later, after her internship with Vera and Liz, Malena had abandoned her ambitions to work in the Arts. She had recently moved to the far northwest side of the city and proudly became the pushiest pharmaceutical sales rep in the region. Her brown curvy hair and curvy figure to match were due to the fact that she was part Lebanese part Mexican. 

There was no shortage of men on the line for Malena, although she was content to stay single. Back in the intern days, Vera and Liz knew a surprising amount about her sex life and were always eager for a spicy new story. Malena was sexually adventurous, to say the least, and had no shame in spilling the graphic details. It turned her on to tell sex stories to friends and regale them with her sassy Latina accent. 

Malena had been walking around in her newly acquired condo in nothing but a lacy pink thong and her favorite silver earrings. She admired her natural 36 DD breasts in the mirror and her smooth large nipples, just a tint darker than her skin, hard from the air conditioning. Having finally decided on a small blue dress, which showed off much of her beautifully tan legs and cleavage, she turned to check the time. Her friends would arrive soon.

***

When Vera entered the front door of Malena's condo, she saw that Liz had already arrived and was shaking up a fresh cocktail; an elderflower and gin concoction that she planned to garnish with fresh lemon peel. 

Liz was an undeniable hipster, right out of an urban apparel catalog. At age 36, she still easily passed as 26. Her sultry brown eyes gave her a permanent mischievous expression and were well matched to her overtly sarcastic personality. She had dyed-black straight hair that reached her shoulders and trendy asymmetrical bangs. 

Unlike the other ladies, with their dresses and heels, Liz kept it casual: jean shorts, raised high enough for a view of her cheeks, and a snug tank top which scandalously displayed her perky nipples and gave a glimpse of tight stomach. Her 32 B bra, hiding somewhere in her messy apartment, did not get very much use. She was now a full-time bartender with dreams of someday opening up her own speak-easy style bar. 

"Oh no! You guys are already drunk," said Vera with a smile as she approached her drink-mixing friends.

"Not yet! Well, Liz is," joked Malena. 

"Hey, I'm not drunk!" responded Liz as she poured the shaker into a glass, spilling some on the counter and causing the other two to laugh. "You know I have bad motor skills without the alcohol!" 

"I'm so happy you made it, Vera!" said Malena. "I missed that beautiful red hair," she said as she boldly played with some curls. "Let me give you the tour. Don't worry about Liz, she cleans up spills professionally."

Malena's place was incredible for the price, due to its less than desirable location. A large kitchen was located near the front door, with a long island separating it from the living room. Her bedroom was just past the living room and contained a huge bathroom, complete with an impressive shower, big enough for three. 

*** 

Many hours into the evening, the ladies had settled in to the living room with snacks and cocktails and had caught up on nearly all of the gossip that they could provide one another. 

Malena, as expected, couldn't resist telling them about her latest sexual encounter. She had recently joined another couple in a threesome. Vera and Liz hung on every word. They were slightly embarrassed as they were incredibly turned on by this juicy story. They quizzed Malena thoroughly about all of the details.

"So how does this work out in the end? Who came first? Did everyone cum or did someone get left out? I always worry that people get left hanging," Vera commented. She was especially curious as she had always hoped that her and Ted could experience a threesome with another woman. 

"Vera, I lost track of all the cumming," replied Malena to Liz's laughter. "I really liked getting oral from another girl actually, I had never done that before and it was very nice." 

"Wow," exclaimed Liz slightly embarrassed by the graphic details. 

"Go on," Vera begged, hoping that Liz wouldn't deter her from giving up the goods. 

"Her tongue was stroking my pussy," Malena continued "and my mouth was full of her boyfriend's cock. That is what made me cum. We switched positions and I returned the favor to her." 

"That sounds amazing," Vera commented. 

"Ladies, let me just tell you this: whatever amount of cum you would normally expect from a guy, you can double that with a threesome!" said Malena with a smile. 

"Oh gross," replied Liz. "I can barley handle a regular ole twosome load, so I think I'll pass."

"Liz," continued Malena, in a teasing manner, "you should have seen it, he completely covered our faces, our mouths, our tits —it was nuts. We were dripping all over, we even cleaned each other off by..."

"Okay, I get it," interrupted Liz, nearly choking on her drink. "I've seen porn, I didn't realize these things really happened without money and cameras involved."

"Who said there wasn't a camera?" 

"You are crazy" replied Liz while Malena laughed. Malena enjoyed shocking Liz immensely, even if it meant embellishing the details.

"Wow, Malena, that is hot," replied Vera. "Sounds like everyone had a good time. I'm sorry but I am kind of jealous. What were you going to say about cleaning each other off? What did you guys do next?" she asked impatiently. 

"Vera, you slut, you are just as nasty as me aren't you?!" exclaimed Malena

Vera's phone suddenly vibrated on the table next to her and she jumped. She was so excited by the conversation she completely forgot that she had already asked Ted to come pick her up a while ago. His text read: "here." 

Vera replied to Ted, asking him to "cum on up" to which he replied "okay?"

"I'm sure you have some good stories too?" Malena queried Vera. 

"Well, nothing like that" replied Vera, putting her phone to the side. "Ted really is amazing, but we don't have any group sex stories. We talk about it all the time but we're going to take it slow, we are married after all. Besides, a double cum load from Ted would probably hurt someone," replied Vera as the other two smiled and glanced at each other.

"Big-load Ted, who knew?" said Liz to Malena, causing her to laugh. 

"I don't know how you girls do it," Liz continued. "I don't let guys cum all over me. What about your hair? Your eyes? It's such a mess. Not that they don't try every time!" replied Liz.

"Don't knock it until you've tried it, Liz" responded Malena. "I am telling you, my nerdy little friend, this is a good move. You let a guy cum on you and he will be your slave for eternity. Especially if he thinks you'll let him do it again. They are simple animals." 

"Liz, she's right," replied Vera. "I've got Ted chauffeuring me around tonight. How do you think I trained him? I dare you to try and find a guy that doesn't have Glazed and Confused in his browser history," she joked to the other's laughter.

"Okay guys, you convinced me, I give up. I'm going to take a big face-load from the next guy I see, but only if I can share it with you. One of these days..." responded Liz sarcastically. 

"How about today? Ted is walking up to the building right now," Vera offered. Her heart started pounding when she realized how serious this suggestion sounded. The thought of it made her very wet. "I hope you don't mind that I invited him in, Malena". 

"No! Not at all." said Malena with a mischievous look on her face. "Do you think ole Ted has any idea what he's walking in to? I'm sorry Vera, I can't lie. I'm horny as fuck now from all of this sex talk. If you put a dick in front of me, I am not responsible for my actions," joked Malena.

Vera, unsure if she should find the statement threatening, was actually very turned on by the idea of her busty Latina friend flirting with her husband. 

"I'm not joking, Malena, I will take this further than you think," responded Vera, calling her bluff. "Maybe I want to see what happens when I put a dick in front of you?" she challenged with a smile as she leaned in and rested her hand on Malena's leg. A knock on the door interrupted the three of them. 

"Ted!" yelled Malena as she leaped from the couch and ran to let in her new guest. The other girls laughed at her enthusiasm. 

"Wow, what is going on tonight? It's like we're in our 20s again." commented Liz to Vera.

"Actually, we were never this dirty, even back then. There is something about the three of us together, I guess. And your drinks! What did you put in these anyway?" responded Vera. 

"Don't look at me!" defended Liz. "The last thing I would ever do is try to make you nymphs even hornier. I'm trying to sedate you. It isn't working."

Liz couldn't help but notice Vera's stockings. She had been admiring them throughout the evening and on a few occasions saw further up her dress: the lacy black stocking tops, the garter straps, and even more.

The front door, which Ted had been staring at patiently, opened to reveal Malena with a huge smile to go with her bouncing cleavage. He could see Vera and Liz were sitting on the living room couch and chair respectively. 

"The professor is here! We are glad you could make it, Ted" said Malena, looking him over. "Okay, it has been a long time. You look fit, you've still got your hair, and you are dressed nicely. Overall, I would say that I am impressed."

"Thanks, I guess?" he replied with a smile. 

"Hey, I say this because Vera has just been talking about your cock all night. The rest of you is nice as well!" said Malena.

"That sounds like Vera," Ted commented, now feeling a little uncomfortable. He could smell the gin on Malena's breath.

"Let's get you a drink!" Malena suggested.

"Oh no, thanks so much, but I think I'm just picking up Vera tonight," replied Ted.

"Stay for a drink! I'm not ready to go yet," called out Vera from the living room. She got bossy when she drank, which Ted did not mind at all.

"Okay, a drink it is," responded Ted. "Unfortunately, I had to work tonight, sorry about the dress clothes" he said, referring to his suit pants, black leather shoes, and white button up shirt now less buttoned and sleeves rolled up after a long night. 

"Hi, professor!" Liz called out from the living room. "You forgot your elbow-patch jacket."

"Ted, don't mind her. Have a seat next to your wife. I'll bring the drinks." offered Malena.

As Ted approached the living room, an intoxicated Liz skipped the small talk and went right to "Ted, we were just talking about cumming on girls' faces. What do you think about that?" before he even managed to have a seat. 

Ted, lacking a drink, was unable to spit it out in shock and instead froze next to the couch. Vera started laughing uncontrollably at Liz's trademark inappropriate behavior. 

"Ughh. I... Well..." stumbled Ted.

"You don't have to answer that, honey. I will. Liz, he loooves it!" responded Vera, to his surprise. She slapped him on the ass. This was not the save that Ted was expecting. He was beginning to realize that he was being ambushed by some very horny and drunk women and the best thing to do was to just have a seat and let them continue their fun.

"I am sorry, Ted" Malena said, handing him his drink and sitting on the other side of his wife. "I take full responsibility for this. I got these girls drunk and horny and now you've got to deal with the consequences." She crossed her shiny tan legs and put her right arm around his wife. 

"Thank you so much for hosting, it was really fun," Vera said to Malena as she moved in to give her a kiss on the cheek and then another on the lips. 

Vera couldn't help herself; she was feeling really comfortable on the couch, drawn in by the smell Malena's sexy perfume. Malena played along. She responded to the kiss and gently pushed out her tongue for Vera and glanced in Ted's direction. He was now in full blown danger mode. His suit pants, made of very light material, were not going to hide the erection that was forming. 

"Ted, look at your sexy wife making out with me. What have you been doing to her? She is such a dirty girl since the last time I saw her!" exclaimed Malena as she moved her hand up Vera's leg, all the way to the garter strap. Vera's heart throbbed and she felt herself getting wetter from Malena's touch. 

Ted moved forward to rest his elbows on his knees, an awkward last-ditch effort to hide his erection. It didn't work.

"Oh my, look what we did!" said Vera. "I'm sorry honey, we are out of control. Don't be embarrassed." She moved her hand into his lap and gently rested it on his throbbing cock. His heart was pounding. He didn't know what to do so he just took a huge sip of his drink while the girls giggled.

"Ted," started his wife, "will you please trust me and help me win a bet? You have to do what I say, though." She looked at him with her wild hazel eyes as she directed Malena's hand further to reveal the tops of her stockings to everyone in the room. 

"What bet? There was a bet?" inquired Malena.

"Shut up," Vera responded playfully to Malena.

"Okay, I trust you," responded Ted with a smile. He had no idea where this was going. 

"Ha!" replied Liz, "big mistake." 

"Stand up here," Vera said as she pulled Ted up from the couch and positioned him facing Malena and herself. She moved her hands around to the back of his pants, grabbed his ass tightly and pulled him closer to the couch. 

"Liz, come over here and sit by me" commanded Malena. Liz realized she was watching intensely with her mouth open and suddenly snapped out of it. She quickly sat next to Malena, looked up at Ted, and smiled.

"Ted, there is still time to run," offered Liz. 

Vera rubbed Ted's cock through his pants while the other ladies watched. She slowly unbuttoned and unzipped his pants. The room was now intensely quiet as she lowered his pants, revealing his tight blue boxer-briefs and the large lump beneath them. 

"Malena, you were saying something about the danger of putting a cock in front of you?" asked Vera slyly. Watching her friends observe her husband's erection was an incredible turn on; she wanted to see how far she could go. "So, ladies, what should we do with him?"

"How about we play a game?" suggested Malena. "Let's each try out a move on his cock and he can tell us which one is his favorite!"

Vera looked up at her somewhat nervous and erect husband and then replied, "Actually, Ted, you can just keep quiet. We'll let your cock do the talking." The others nodded in agreement. 

"Have you ever imagined that three horny girls would want to play with you cock at the same time?" asked Liz.

"Of course he has!" responded Malena, "He probably does 10 times a day!"

"Ted," Vera interjected, "is it okay if I just start by sucking on your balls for a little bit?" she asked with a begging look in her eyes. "We don't have to go any further than that." She wanted him to be comfortable so that the fantasy could continue.

"Okay" replied Ted, who was petrified where he stood, in more ways than one. 

"Oh, good trick move, Vera. Going right for the balls," replied Malena nodding her head with approval. "Liz, are you taking notes?" 

Vera had her hand against his erect and upright cock, still behind the boxer-briefs. She gently lifted the fabric on her left hand side so that the other girls could watch her. Her wet tongue tickled his balls as he looked down in disbelief. 

Vera formed her lips around his right ball and started sucking on it. The other girls watched intently, drinks in hand. She ended her performance by stuffing both balls in her mouth, holding them for awhile as she looked up at her husband, and then releasing them with a big wet sucking sound.

"Girls, would you be interested in helping me out?" asked Vera. 

"We would love to. Right, Liz?" replied Malena, looking at her friend in a humorously stern manner. Malena leaned in and slowly moved her tongue up and down Ted's balls while Vera looked on and held her husband tightly. 

"Okay. I'm in. Maybe I'll learn some moves," replied Liz, who was very eager to see what her friends would do next. "Ted, you can be the," she paused "practice cock of the evening!" she said to the other girls' giggles. 

Vera pulled back Ted's boxer-briefs further to make sure that all three of them had access to his balls. Liz joined Malena and Vera; their tongues stroking Ted's balls in unison. The excitement in their eyes was quite a sight for Ted as he watched them move their tongues around and happily make contact with each other.
