 Ted sat in the living room of Malena's apartment in a daze. He barely touched his drink, a gin concoction that dripped beads of condensation on the coaster. On his left was the master bedroom and bathroom from which he could hear his wife showering with her two friends. 

Unsure what to do with himself, he spied Malena's phone on the coffee table in front of him. If he was ever going to get a look at these pictures, now was the time. The phone was unlocked and the camera was still active. He clicked on the last picture: a shot of his wife Vera, the host, Malena, and their friend, Liz. They were shoulder to shoulder, topless, and smiling at the camera after an outrageous impromptu three girl blowjob. 

"Excuse me, sir, just what do you think you are doing?" exclaimed Malena, who stood in the bedroom doorway with a piercing look. 

"Oh Shit!" jumped Ted, dropping the phone. He looked up to see Malena, her wet curly brown hair held up by a small white towel. She held a matching towel to her chest, which barely covered her breasts and left her hairless pussy completely exposed. 

"Sorry," Ted replied. "I was just checking on my work. You know, photography is a hobby of mine," he defended with a smile. 

"Ted, of course I know. That's why I had you take them!" replied Malena, now smiling. "Let's have a look!" she said as she tossed the breast-covering towel on the couch to the right of Ted. Her naturally large and tan tits bounced as she quickly approached. She sat completely naked, on top of the towel, folding her legs as she sat, and picked up the phone.

"I hope you don't mind. I'm going to air dry," she said smiling at Ted, making no attempts to cover her wet naked body.

"No problem at all," replied Ted politely. He looked away out of courtesy, which made Malena smile. She loved making him uncomfortable and continued to work her magic. 

Malena started thumbing through the pictures, which documented the recent events in reverse: topless posing, nipple sucking, messy smiling faces, cum swapping; Ted couldn't believe that this had just happened only minutes ago. He had lived the porn scene of his dreams and was still trying to process it. Malena made noises of excitement next to him as she scrolled through and pointed out her favorites.

***

Vera and Liz were showering in the large bathroom that was adjoined to the master bedroom. The bathroom door was open and their naked silhouettes were visible through the glass and steam. From behind, Vera had her arms wrapped around Liz. She pressed her soft breasts against Liz's back and played with her pointy nipples while the ceiling showerhead gently rained down droplets of water on their naked bodies. 

"Liz, your nipples are feeling really hard now.Does this feel good?" asked Vera softly, her lips next to Liz's ear. 

"Yes, this is fun," replied Liz, turning to face Vera. They both smiled, eyes squinting from the falling water, and reached for each other's breasts. Liz began playing with Vera's breasts and rosy nipples. They shared a kiss and moved their tongues around playfully.

"Wouldn't it be nice if we could get on the bed together and do even more?" said Vera with a smile.

"Oh yes, but, what about the other two?" Liz asked.

"They can watch," replied Vera. "Then maybe join in?" 

They both considered this fantasy and got very excited. Vera put her finger on Liz's wet pussy. Even with all of the water dripping down, Vera could feel Liz gushing with pleasure. 

"We can put on some lingerie, take turns eating each other's pussies, and maybe play with Ted's cock again?" suggested Vera. 

"Yes, I'd love to help you suck his cock again, if that's okay?" asked Liz. "I think we make a good team."

"Yes, Liz, absolutely, anything you want," replied Vera. "I would love to do that with you again. Maybe we can surprise him another day in the future as well?"

"You've got it!" replied Liz. "I never thought I would love giving blowjobs, but it is really fun with you and your husband. If you don't mind teaching, I'd love to come by some time and learn more of your tricks."

"Anytime, Liz!" Vera replied, very excited about this possibility. "Ha, I totally forgot we sent Malena out after Ted. That is trouble!" 

"Oh yeah, I wonder what they are doing?" replied Liz. "Malena is not to be trusted."

"Oh, I know, Malena is quite unpredictable, Ted, however, is" replied Vera with a smile causing Liz to laugh. 

***

"This is a good one!" exclaimed Malena to Ted back on the living room couch. She enthusiastically lifted the phone up for Ted, causing her large, natural breasts to bounce. 

Ted was feeling a little uncomfortable, but incredibly turned on. Malena's teasing was relentless and making him hard. Malena held up her favorite picture; one where she was looking right at the camera while cum dripped from her tongue and into his wife Vera's mouth below her. 

"Great job, Ted! Don't you love this? I can't believe it—we are real porn stars. Don't you agree? Did you ever think that you'd see your wife and me sharing your cum, let alone have a the pictures to prove it?!" she asked enthusiastically. 

He was speechless and unsure how to handle his current situation. The only thing he could muster was "Are the other two doing ok? How was the shower?" 

"Oh, Ted, you are getting turned on aren't you!" Malena teased. "Now you want the wife to bail you out, huh? Well, I'll have you know that Vera said I should come out here and invite you back to watch us shower. I was going to bring you back, but then I caught you looking at the pictures." 

"I'm sorry," Ted apologized to Malena who was looking sternly at him and now had her arms crossed, propping up her breasts.

"Okay, let's go buddy, you are wanted," she commanded as she grabbed him by the wrist and dragged him behind her into the bedroom.

"Look who I found!" exclaimed Malena as she pulled open the shower door to reveal the two showering naked women to Ted. Malena was holding Ted by the arm, his button-up shirt still on and un-tucked. 

"Hi!" replied Vera and Liz simultaneously. They realized that their hands were resting on each other's breasts and they felt slightly embarrassed. 

"Vera, Liz,—don't leave us out!" pleaded Malena. 

"Malena, we didn't mean to leave you out. We'd love for you to join us if you're interested. Ted, you can watch." offered Vera, hoping that she could encourage more activities. 

"Of course, Vera!" replied Malena with a smile. "It's playtime, ladies! Why don't you dry off so we can have some fun in the bedroom," she insisted, pulling some extra towels off of the rack for them. "You're going to love my sex toy and lingerie collection!" she exclaimed. 

"Ted, the shower is all yours," offered Malena as she exited the bathroom with her naked and excited friends. They began plotting together and left Ted in the bathroom. 

Ted admired the large shower where he had just witnessed his wife showering with Liz. Her black stockings were on the floor next to the shower door along with Liz's shorts. He looked at himself in the mirror and gave himself an encouraging look. Yes, this was really happening. 

In the bedroom, while Vera and Liz took turns using the hairdryer, Malena had opened up her closet and began arranging various garments on the bed. In addition, she had revealed that the antique chest near her bed contained an extensive stash of sex paraphernalia. 

"I'm sorry to break it to you guys, but I have a sex toy problem," Malena confessed, holding a small bundle of vibrators in each hand. "I go through vibrators like I go through men. I'm always looking for something different."

"What the hell is that?" asked Liz with a raised eyebrow. She was pointing at a studded black leather collar, with leash attached. "Wow, Malena, we are all so boring compared to you! Do you even have a day job anymore?" joked Liz. 

"Liz, you must be referring to my training collar," corrected Malena in a serious tone as she pulled the collar out of the chest and held it up for all to see. "Not every guy is well mannered, like Vera's Ted. If I bring home a new guy, sometimes, I make him wear this. Do whatever I say or go home: that is the deal," she proclaimed proudly as her friend looked at her with fascination.

"Don't think of me as a monster ladies, I give these guys exactly what they want. They just have to work for it!" assured Malena.

"Malena, that sounds like a very fair deal," Liz assured her in a mocking dry tone. 

"Liz, if you think that I can't detect your sarcasm, you are mistaken," replied Malena. "I think you're the one that belongs in the collar," she suggested.

"Does that mean that I have to do everything you say?" asked Liz curiously.

"You bet your sweet, skinny ass." replied Malena. 

"I'm in!" Liz said with excitement. She was a little afraid of Malena and it turned her on. 

At this point, Ted had poked his head out of the bathroom door. 

"Sorry to interrupt, but I don't suppose you have any extra shorts or something for me to wear?" he asked Malena.

Malena looked at Vera and started laughing. "Oh my! We could have some fun with this!" she exclaimed as she started digging through her dresser.

Ted's expression turned fearful. 

"This is perfect, don't you think?" said Malena to Vera as she held up a small pair of pink shorts with the word "SLUT" on the backside. 

"Ha! Those are amazing!" replied Vera with a laugh. "I think he can squeeze in to them, but some parts might hang out. That could be fun."

"Malena, I can't believe you own shorts like those. Where do you wear them, the mall?" commented Liz.

"No, Liz, I don't wear them to the mall," replied Malena. "I'll have you know that these make excellent gym shorts. The guys love them and the girls hate them. That makes me feel very warm inside. Ted, put these on and grab a seat in the desk chair when you are done." Malena said, pointing to the desk near her bed. "Ladies, do you think Ted will mind if we try on some lingerie?"

"Good idea!" replied Vera, knowing how much this would turn on her husband. She walked the pink shorts over to him. 

"How were the pictures?" Vera asked with a smile as she handed over the shorts.

"Oh, ah, they were pretty good" replied Ted to the unexpected question. 

"Ha! Yeah, we thought it would be funny to send Malena in there to look at them with you. So you still got it, huh?"

"What?" asked Ted, a little slow and confused from all of the naked women standing around the room.

"Your photography skills. Honey, do you find this situation distracting?" teased Vera as she moved to grab Liz by the shoulder and pulled her naked body next to herself. Vera and Liz stood in front of him, their exposed bodies a few inches away from the bathroom door, which he was using to hide his own naked body. Ted admired their contrasting pubic hair: red for Vera, black for Liz. Vera turned herself and Liz around, asses facing Ted, as they looked back at him over their shoulders. 

"Ted, really likes asses, don't you honey?" Vera teased her husband as she stroked Liz's right ass cheek. She bent Liz and herself over slightly and whispered something into Liz's ear. They both proceeded to reach between her legs and touch themselves. 

Ted adjusted his position, his cock growing hard from the performance. Vera and Liz both moaned from their self-pleasuring. They kissed with excessive tongue play while they slid their fingers across their pussies. 

"...and you girls think that I'm the evil one?" commented Malena from across the room. She was attaching a lacy blue garter belt around her waist, the straps dangling against her legs. Her exposed breasts and pussy now even more pronounced and seductive from the decoration. 

"Okay, Liz, let's try on some lingerie together," suggested Vera as she walked over to the bed, hand-in-hand with Liz. 

"Sounds good, I don't think anything will fit me though." said Liz. 

"Liz, I heard that!" shot Malena from the other side of the bed. 

"I'm sorry, I meant you have giant tits and you are curvy and I'm shaped like a boy," defended Liz referring to her skinny figure.

"Oh Liz, good save. Still, let's put you in the collar," suggested Malena.

"OK!" exclaimed Liz with excitement. "I mean, okay," she corrected, this time with a subservient tone and her eyes to the floor. She mentally prepped herself to be under Malena's power.

"That's more like it, Liz," replied Malena. "Now get the hell over here, you skinny whore." 

***

Back in the bathroom, Ted squeezed into the pink shorts. They rode very high on his thighs and his cock and balls were forced to hang out of the right leg of the shorts. 

"Great" he said sarcastically as he looked in the mirror. Ted was in good shape. He had a runner's body, thin but masculine with broad shoulders. A light patch of brown hair decorated his chest and ran down his stomach. He took a deep breath and exited the bathroom in his "SLUT" shorts. 

Seated at the edge of the bed, Vera and Malena pulled sheer stockings up their legs. Vera stood up to reveal that she had put on some vintage back-seamed, nude stockings with a lacey cream-colored garter belt. She attached the garter straps to the tops of her stockings and stepped into some high heels. Her fiery hair, head and crotch, as well as the smooth rosy complexion of her exposed breasts glowed against the lacy decorations. She accessorized with a pearl necklace and earrings. Vera had a thing for matching jewelry and lacy lingerie; like a European pinup girl. 

"Vera, that is hot!" encouraged Malena, who stood up to reveal her silky blue stockings and garter belt. Her tan large breasts and bare pussy were still fully exposed. 

"Wow!" exclaimed Vera. "You look so great in blue!" 

"What do you think, Ted?" asked Malena. Vera and Malena both turned around to reveal their curvy asses, surrounded by the colorful lace and straps of their lingerie. Their backs arched seductively from the heels.

"That is incredible," encouraged Ted. His cock hardened under the flimsy, tiny shorts and he struggled to tuck it in. Vera and Malena both laughed. 

"You look great in those shorts, Theodore," assured his wife with a smile. 

"Ted, you need to control that thing," commented Malena with a laugh.

He took his seat in the chair near the bed and hoped that the attention would draw away from him and his ridiculous shorts. 

Malena and Vera walked hand-in-hand over to Ted so that he could get a closer look. The sound of heels clicking on the hardwood floor added to the excitement. They circled his chair and wheeled it to the middle of the room, pointed towards the bed. At this point he realized that Liz was laying face down on the bed. She was wearing the leather collar/leash combo on her neck and a pair of intricately patterned black thigh-high stockings with black heels to match. She was facing the opposite direction with her tight ass on display. 

"Do you like how we dressed her up?" asked Malena. "We put some heels on her. This bitch is nice and civilized now and she is done being a sarcastic smart ass. Now, she is going to walk around for you." 

"That looks pretty serious," commented Ted. 

"You better believe it, buddy," replied Malena as she and Vera moved closer and began stroking his chest. 

"He is a real mountain man," joked Vera as she proudly slid her fingers through a small patch of chest hair down to his shorts. She pulled his right short leg up to further reveal his cock and balls. 

"Oh, I love how we can just pull up these shorts for easy access," commented Vera.

"Very nice, Ted," commented Malena as she looked on at his lap and then smiled at Vera. 

Malena then slowly approached the bed and grabbed Liz's leash tightly, pulling her of the bed and onto her feet. Liz was now standing next to Malena on the right side of the bed, totally nude from the thighs up. Ted could now see that she was wearing a blindfold as well. 

Malena proceeded to walk Liz around the room, showing off both of their bodies and enjoying her power. The sound of their clicking heels filled the quiet room. 

"Vera, what should we do with her now?" asked Malena. 

"Can I take her?" asked Vera with a devious smile. 

"Of course, she is yours," responded Malena as she handed over the leash. Liz could not see a thing, but was incredibly turned on as she listened to the others decide her fate. 

"Liz, bend over, hold on to your legs, and show Ted your pussy" commanded Vera. Liz complied and stood up from Ted's lap. She bent forward, putting her hands against the calves of her legs, and stretched her ass high in the air for all to see. As she struggled to hold herself steady, she felt the blood rushing to her head and the throbbing moisture between her legs. 

Vera reached over to stroke Liz's ass in front of her husband while she smiled back at him. She then put her pointer and middle finger on Liz's pussy lips and applied gentle pressure. "Ted, do you like the view?" taunted Vera. 

"Yes," replied Ted.

"Good. I'm going to watch you lick her in a little bit. You are going to taste all of our pussies and fuck us. If you do a good job, we might reward you and play with your cum again," offered his wife who was turning herself on with her tantalizing offers. 

Vera took Liz by the shoulders slowly pressed her into her Ted's lap. Liz was very wet and she could feel his swelling cock against her ass and pussy. Vera positioned her husband's hands on Liz's erect nipples and gave him an excited look. Liz moaned softly from the stimulation, her nerves much more sensitive on account of the blindfold. 

"Malena, she is all yours," said Liz as she passed off the leash.

"Liz, get up on the bed and bend over on your knees. I want you to lay your head down on the pillow and stick your ass up really high," instructed Malena as she led Liz on to the bed and bent over her. Liz's heels hung over the edge of the bed. Her beautiful pussy and ass were exposed under the soft glowing light of the bedroom. She felt embarrassed, exposed, a little frightened, and very horny.

Vera and Malena proceeded to slide their hands up Liz's thighs and ass slowly in unison. Liz's moan could be heard faintly from the pillow. The scene was incredible for Ted. Vera and Malena were stunning in their stockings, garter belts, and heels. The side view of their bodies was a visual treat of curvy, feminine silhouettes. 

"Look at that tight little pussy. Vera, do you think we should stroke it for her?" asked Malena teasingly. 

"Oh no, she isn't ready for that" replied Vera, who was grabbing Liz by her firm ass with one hand and stroking her inner thigh with the other. 

"Oh please do!" pleaded Liz, "Touch me!" she begged. 

Malena responded with a tough slap on the ass. She then grabbed the leash from the bed and tightened the slack in order to lift Liz's head from the pillow. 

"Liz, I don't want to hear a peep, do you understand? If you are good, we will lick your pussy," Malena offered generously. She lowered Liz's head to the bed and reached for the sex toy chest near the bed. She pulled out a bottle of tropical orange edible massage oil. 

"Very nice, Malena, that will be fun!" commented Vera.

"Yes, it is very tasty. With some help from Ted, later, maybe we can make a creamcicle," said Malena with smile. Liz was not quite sure what her friends were talking about. She trembled with anticipation and waited eagerly, in the dark, for their next move. 

"Vera, lets rub it everywhere except for her pussy" suggested Malena as she began dripping the oil on Liz's ass. Liz enjoyed the orange smell and the feel of the oil dripping on her skin. Vera and Malena went to work, rubbing the oil all over Liz's ass and thighs while she moaned. 

"OK Liz, I will let you moan. You obviously can't control yourself, you little slut," responded Malena as she slowly slid her hand up Liz's ass and circled around her asshole with her finger. 
