 It was an unusually cold and rainy autumn evening in the city. The rain threatened to freeze over and urban dwellers were deterred from their usual evening strolls. Vera's Vino was nestled between a florist and a dry cleaner in an up-and-coming neighborhood just to the west of downtown. Thursday wine tastings usually brought in the customers as neighborhood residents and visitors alike would stop in for a bottle on their way home or to one of the trendy b.y.o.b. restaurants.

Vera was working the register and dressed in a tight black long-sleeved sweater, knee length grey skirt, sheer black stockings, and short black heeled boots. Her radiant, shoulder-length curly red hair stood in contrast to the dark colors she was wearing and her intense hazel eyes glowed behind the lenses of her black framed glasses.

The locals were very fond of Vera and her new quality boutique wine shop and despite having only been open for a year, her store was very much a part of the local community. In addition to wine, Vera's store stocked fine spirits, oils, vinegars, cheese, and chocolates.

It was no secret to Vera's husband that she had a strong sexual interest in other women. In fact, Vera was still reeling over the memories of sharing her husband with two of her girlfriends one late summer night, earlier that year. She enjoyed recounting the naughty details to her husband while she rode his hard cock, reminding him that she jerked him off until he came on all of their faces and that they made him take pictures while they played with his cum. Everywhere Vera looked she was teased by the sights of attractive women and fantasized about what she and her husband could do with them.

Olivia , one of many wine sales reps that hosted wine tastings in the store, joined Vera on this particular evening. Vera and Olivia had known each other only professionally as the busy wine tasting nights usually didn't allow for a lot of personal conversation.

Olivia was shorter and rounder than Vera and had a cute dark brown bobbed hair style and glasses with thick black frames. Her intricately patterned maroon dress fitted snug against her voluptuous D-cup chest. She wore nude tights and sexy heeled leather boots. 

"I'm glad you enjoyed the sparkling Chenin Blanc. Our second wine of the evening is a Vinho Verde," Olivia explained as she poured out sips of wine to a young couple next to the counter. "This is a Portuguese white wine: very light and refreshing and great with seafood".

Vera enjoyed listening in on Oliva's wine knowledge while she placed some new cheese labels in the refrigerated display. She sliced a sample of aged Vermont cheddar for herself before she closed up the display, which was one of her favorite perks of the job.

"For our red, we have a rare Italian Barbera d'Asti tonight," continued Oliva as she poured another tasting of wine. "Made in the Piemonte Region, this particular vintage has a berry flavor, some spice, and a hint of licorice." 

The young couple selected their wine and headed out for dinner, leaving the store empty of customers an hour before close.

"I'm sorry Olivia, it is so slow night tonight," commented Vera.

"Yeah, it must be the rain and sleet, it hasn't stopped for hours," Olivia replied. "I managed to sell a few bottles, but really I just love hanging out in your cute little store. Your customers are so nice. This is nothing at all like working at the big beverage depot downtown. I can be a real wine nerd here," she snickered.

"Thank you so much, I'm glad you like it here!" Vera responded. "We might as well finish off these open bottles, don't you think?" she suggested, referring to 3 tempting half-full bottles of wine.

"You read my mind," Olive replied with a smile. "Let's start with the sparkling."

***

A few glasses of wine later, Vera and Olivia had been enjoying their conversation and realized that they had a lot in common: their age, their love of travel, and the fact that they were second generation in their immigrated families; Russian and Italian respectively. One notable exception, however, was that Vera as married and Olivia was single. Vera enjoyed hearing about the modern dating scene from Olivia. She was a little embarrassed to admit that she had never dated in the age of social media or texting; Olivia's experiences were quite different than hers.

"Well, it sounds like you've had some interesting dates. I'm sorry that you haven't found any keepers," commented Vera.

"Vera, it is impossible. I'm convinced all of the good 30 to 40 year old guys are already married. I know this is going to sound terrible, but I'm kind of over bachelors. Maybe I need to poach a guy out of a relationship. You know, one who is already housebroken."

"I'm sorry that you feel that way, but I really can't judge. I know some single guys our age and you don't see me rushing to set you up with them!" Vera said with a laugh. "They are single for a reason."

"See! I knew it," Olivia replied. "I think I just go for the wrong type too. It's so hard to find a guy who appreciates good wine and who doesn't eat fast food for every meal. I'm sorry if this is gross, but I've given a lot of bjs in the past year and most guys taste pretty bad," Olivia said, laughing off her confession.

"Oh, the diet really does matter. You should try a vegetarian or someone who appreciates healthy food," Vera advised. "Then you'll gladly swallow the occasional load!" she commented boldly to Olivia's laughter.

"I could never date a vegetarian. Honestly, that wouldn't work out very well with my family, Bolognese runs in our veins," Olivia joked. Vera laughed and then her eyes suddenly lit up.

"Actually, you are in luck because I have just the thing you need!" Vera exclaimed as she began digging into her purse. Olivia was intrigued. Vera produced a small pill bottle with no prescription label on it.

"What is that?" Olivia asked nearly laughing as she awaited the response.

"Olivia, this is the finest pineapple supplement you can get. These supplements go by many hilarious names, like Yummy Cum. If you haven't tried one before then you simply must! Give two of these to a guy and you will be pleasantly surprised by his taste, I guarantee," Vera proclaimed with smile.

"You have got to be kidding me. Those don't really work, do they? What am I supposed to do? Slip it in their drink?!"

"Yes they do work and no, you do not slip it in their drink," Vera corrected playfully. "We are talking about men here, no need to be sneaky. You just tell them that if they take this pill, you will suck their cock and swallow their cum. How could they say no? It will work every time!"

"Ha, that is too much. They would think I was a psycho; feeding them pills on a first date!"

"Yeah, I guess it probably wouldn't make a great first impression. Seriously, though, you need to try them. Maybe you can get away with it by the third date," Vera suggested, "I will give you some to take with you!"

"OK, just a few!" Olivia exclaimed as Vera eagerly dumped 10 pills into some plastic wrap behind the cheese counter and twisted it up nicely.

"The beauty of these pills is that when you give them to a guy before sex, you're setting up the expectation that you're going to taste his cum. Trust me, with that on his mind, you'll be riding a really hard cock. It is a win-win!" Vera explained enthusiastically.

"Oh, I have no doubt the guys love it. They probably invited these pills as placebos just to get what they want." 

"Tasting is believing, my friend," Vera said with a mischievous smile. "Isn't that what you do for a living? Tasting? Well, let's just say that I'm helping you hone your professional skills."

"Oh, I do really want to try them, but with my luck I'll probably lose those pills before I go on another date. I really want to try them soon! You have me way too curious."

"Be careful what you wish for, Olivia," Vera responded. "I happen to have a tall, handsome test subject making dinner at home right now, 15 minutes away from here."

Olivia was, unfortunately, taking a sip of her wine at the time of this comment, and she nearly choked on it in a comical fashion.

"I'm sorry, Olivia, I didn't mean to shock you!" Vera consoled. "I shouldn't have said that. I get dirty when I drink. Sometimes I go too far."

"No, it's okay," Olivia replied, getting her voice back with a few coughs. "I just wasn't expecting that. You didn't sound like your were joking."

"Well, I have to admit that I have shared my husband before in a similar situation: drinking with some girlfriends, some sexy conversation, and next thing you know we were all practicing our blowjob skills on him!" Vera replied with wild excitement in her eyes, her heart pumping from the juicy confession.

"Oh my, I don't know what to say," Olivia replied with astonishment. She could feel herself getting wet from the Vera's sexy story. "That is amazing. I've never done anything like that."

"If you want to test out the pills, I can call my husband in to provide the tasting samples?" Vera suggested, going all-in on her proposal. She hoped for a positive response.

"Are you proposing that we have your husband take the pill and we sample his cum?" Olivia replied, barely in belief of the words that were coming out of her mouth. She suddenly became very interested in seeing the plan through. She found Vera to be extraordinarily beautiful and she remembered Vera's husband, Ted, to be tall, handsome, and a very nice guy.

"Well, let's think about this," Vera continued with a very matter-of-fact inquisitive tone. "In order to be fair, we will have to taste him once before the pill and then once after the pill. He'll cum as much as we want him to if we suck his cock together."

"Wow," Olivia responded, still in shock of what Vera was proposing. "That is quite the experiment," she paused, "OK, I'm in!" Olivia exclaimed nearly shaking from the excitement.

"Wonderful! I promise you will not be disappointed. This will be very fun and you will never forget it. I'll go ahead and call Ted and ask him to help me move some wine cases out of the store and then we'll jump him!" Vera suggested with enthusiasm. 

Olivia was visibly nervous and very aroused. Vera put her hand on her shoulder and admired her cute round face and brown eyes behind her glasses.

"Don't worry, Olivia, we'll set up everything just right. We can make sure that everyone has a good time," Vera assured her confidently, giving her a friendly kiss on the lips to help break the tension. Olivia responded nicely to the kiss and enjoyed the soft touch of Vera's lips.

"OK, we need to plan fast and then I'll call him!" Vera said with excitement as she pulled out her phone to check the time. They both felt very giddy with anticipation as they shared devious smiles and went to work on their plan.

***

As a History Professor at the local university, Ted usually arrived home before his wife and had dinner waiting for her when she came home after closing up the store. Ted's phone vibrated with a text from his wife Vera. I need help moving wine cases. Can you pick me up?

OK be there soon, he replied. He was making one of their favorite dinners: a spicy pork and sweet potato stew. He set the crock pot on warm and threw a brown leather jacket over his t-shirt before heading out.

Ted was excited to find a parking spot directly in front of the store-- a benefit of a slow and rainy night in the neighborhood. He rushed up to door through the rain and Vera greeted him very formally with a large smile on her face.

"Hello honey! Thank you for coming on such short notice," Vera said as she held the door open. Ted heard an unexpected laugh in the background.

"Do you remember Olivia? I mean, Velma," Vera whispered to Ted, reminding him that he had met her before and commented on her resemblance to the Scooby Doo character. "She is still wrapping up her wine tasting from tonight," Vera explained.

Ted entered to see Olivia sipping on a glass of wine behind the counter. The main store lights were out, leaving everything softly illuminated by the light from the back room. 

"Hi, Ted" Olivia said with a smile, she couldn't help but look him up and down as he walked in to the store.

"Hello, nice to see you again, Vel—uh, Olivia," Ted stuttered, blushing from the mistake. "How was the tasting tonight?" 

"It was really slow, actually. Why don't you help us finish of this bottle?" Olivia suggested as she poured and raised a glass of red wine for Ted.

"Thanks, I'd love to," Ted replied.

"Ted, this is excellent wine, I think you are going to love it," Vera commented, encouraging him to get comfortable.

"Well, tonight is my lucky night," Ted said with a smile as he raised his glass to cheer with the ladies.

"Oh Ted, you are right," Olivia commented, causing Vera to giggle.

"Is this the wine case that we need to move?" Ted asked Vera, pointing to the back room.

"Ted, we don't need to move any cases," Vera commented in a very stern manner, setting down her glass on the counter with a plinking sound.

"Oh really?" Ted replied with confusion. He shrugged it off and took a sip of wine.

"Ted, we invited you here so that you could help us with an experiment," Vera began to explain. Ted knew something was up at this point.

Ted gulped, "Oh really? An experiment? How can I help?" he replied, wondering what specifically his wife was up to.

"Do you remember those supplement pills that we tried a month ago?" Vera asked him while Olivia smiled and observed the conversation.

"Oh, ah, supplements? I'm not sure," Ted awkwardly responded as he raised his glass to take another drink.

"Ted, you know what I am talking about. The pills that make cum taste delicious," Vera replied to his embarrassment. Ted nearly choked on his wine. Vera's eyes were starting to burn with intent in an all too familiar way to her husband.

"Oh, of course," Ted responded. He continued with a very coy tone. "Yes, I believe that was a good product." The ladies laughed at his attempt to keep his cool. His pants were just tight enough for Olivia to witness his hard-on growing while his wife teased him.

"Oh, honey, you are so modest and polite, this is why I love you," Vera responded noticing how embarrassed her husband must feel and trying to put him at ease. She rested her hand softly on his shoulder. "Now, please listen so I can tell you about the experiment".

"I'm listening," Ted responded with a curious smile, taking another sip of his wine.

"I am interested in proving to Olivia that these pills actually work. We have designed an experiment with the utmost scientific rigor. This means we will need taste a sample before and after the pill. Would you be willing to help us out?" Vera asked.

Ted pondered for a moment, taken completely surprise by this unexpected proposal. The ladies looked on at him through their glasses with serious suspense.

"OK, I can help. Just let me know what I can do," Ted replied, taking a deep breath.

"Excellent! Now, I am going to control the experiment and Olivia is going to assist." Vera explained. "Is it okay if Olivia helps me extract the first sample?" Vera asked in a considerate and serious tone.

"Um, yes, absolutely," Ted replied. He looked shyly in Olivia's direction; she had a big smile on her face.

"Wonderful!" Vera exclaimed. The ladies looked at each other with excitement. Vera grabbed the wine glass out of his hand and set it down. She led him by the arm around the display case to join Olivia behind the counter.

"Now Ted, we just want you to relax and enjoy yourself while we work on the first tasting," Vera explained. "We will stay under the counter and you can check the window to make sure no one outside is peeking in."

"Got it," Ted confirmed. His heart was pounding with anticipation and his pants were bulging.

Vera and Olivia smiled at each other as they kneeled behind the counter. They brought their wine glasses to the floor with them, took a sip, and set them aside. 

They moved naturally and methodically. Having planned what they were going to do, they slid their hands up his legs and around to feel his ass. Vera moved her hands towards his bulge while Olivia worked on undoing his belt. Vera smiled up at her husband assuring him that she was in control and very turned on.

Olivia pulled down his zipper and slipped the pants down to his knees, revealing his grey boxer briefs and a bulging 8-inch cock begging to get out. Vera and Olivia smiled at the sight. 

"Wow Ted, it looks like you have something big hiding in there," Olivia commented.

"Yes, he does have a big cock and you'll see that he can produce a big sample as well," Vera explained.

"That is good because we are both going to taste some, right?" Olivia asked Vera.

"Absolutely," Vera responded. "There will be enough for the both of us to taste if we have him rotate and shoot cum into both of our mouths. If not, we can always swap some back and forth," Vera suggested, causing both of them to giggle.

Ted was enjoying the dialog and throbbing with anticipation. His wife knew exactly how to drive him crazy. She had clearly planned the dialog; a not-so-secret weapon of hers in the bedroom.

"Can we have a look?" Olivia asked Vera, eager to get a look at the big cock bulging beneath the underwear.

Vera nodded and responded by pulling down Ted's boxer briefs. His cock and balls were exposed to his fully clothed wife and her friend. They both smiled up at him, their eyes visibly wide and excited through the lenses of their glasses. Vera took his cock and balls into her hands and began stroking him slowly.

"What do you think we can do to coax a big sample from our subject?" Vera asked Olivia inquisitively.

"Well, if you want to keep stroking him we can focus on sucking and licking his balls together?" Olivia suggested.

Ted could not believe the extent of their teasing dialog; they had really put some thought into it. His wife had barely touched him and he felt ready to blow any minute.

"I think that is a wonderful suggestion," Vera complimented as she continue to stroke her husband and play with his balls. "Yes, let's proceed with your plan to lick his balls together and see how it works."

Olivia moved in to put her soft lips against his balls while Vera continued stroking him. Ted quivered as he felt the soft moisture of Olivia's tongue stroke his sack. Vera's lips met with Olivia's and the ladies both gave him soft kisses along his balls while they shared glances back and forth. Soon the ladies were in a ball-licking frenzy, crossing paths and licking each other as well.

"You have very nice balls, Ted," Olivia complimented in between licks. "Can I try to put both of them in my mouth?"

"Of course you can!" Vera interjected on behalf of her husband with a smile.

"She's the boss," Ted confirmed.

Olivia opened her lips and began sucking his balls into her mouth. Vera held the base of his cock tightly; keeping him very hard. Olivia used her fingers to push his balls further into her mouth while Vera watched on and gave her an approving smile. Olivia moved her tongue around causing Ted to make noise of pleasure. She then pulled her lips back and made a plopping sound as she released his tight wet sack.

"Very good, Olivia. I think we are going to get a great first sample," Vera commented as she took another sip of wine. She noticed the pre-cum forming at the tip of his cock. "Would you like to have a preview?" she asked Olivia as she pointed to the shiny bead of cum at the end of his cock.

"Thank you so much, Vera. That is very kind of you," Olivia responded. She moved in with her tongue and landed just below his throbbing head. Slowly, her tongue moved up his head until the tip of her tongue scooped up the cum. Vera was watching with great anticipation; she could feel the relentless wetness soaking her panties as she watched Olivia sample her husband's cum.
