 Vera and Malena met for brunch on a sunny, winter Sunday in December. Fresh snow from the previous evening lined the sidewalks where hung-over neighborhood residents bustled about in their winter coats and sunglasses, forming lines at all of the most popular restaurants. 

"Look at that one," Malena commented as she watched a young 20-something girl with a very short skirt and sexy knee-high socks walk by. "She must be freezing! And just to make a few penises hard," she concluded with a comically disapproving head nod.

"Malena, stop," Vera whispered with a smile, worried that people could hear her loud and outwardly judgmental friend. Malena was in rare form on this particular morning, hissing at all of the sexy younger ladies in the restaurant. She was a striking, busty Latina in her mid-30s and demanded all of the male attention within a two-block radius. Vera, her married friend, was a classy and beautiful redhead of the same age. As a pair, they drew a lot of attention.

"You're right, I can't help it. You know I am a catty bitch," Malena confessed. "I'm sorry, I interrupted you. What were you asking?"

"I was talking about my husband, Ted. His 40th birthday is next Friday," Vera explained. 

"Oh right. That's a bummer, just a few days before Christmas," Malena replied.

"Yeah, it is, but he doesn't really mind. He's never been one for big parties. Christmas is always his excuse not to make a big deal out of his birthday. I just think the age has got him down — this is one of the big ones."

"No doubt. We still have four glorious years before 40, Vera. Let's expend them like fucking rock stars," Malena announced. 

"Yes, for sure, but for Ted, what do you get a guy that,"—Vera covered her mouth and whispered—"already had a two-girl blowjob AND a three-girl blowjob?" Malena and Vera giggled. 

"Duh, a quadruple blowjob!" Malena blurted out loudly, causing the older couple on her right to look over in shock. Vera looked down in embarrassment and shook her head at her friend, who had an unapologetic smile on her face. 

"Well, that is an interesting idea," Vera replied, "simple and obvious."

"Vera, there is nothing simple about a quadruple blowjob. Four crazy bitches crawling over each other, slobbing, and licking. It's pure chaos. Believe me, I know," Malena explained in a very serious tone, causing Vera to laugh uncontrollably. 

"You know," Malena continued, "this sounds like a job for my friend Katrin." 

"Who's Katrin?" 

"She teaches blowjob classes, I used to work with her." 

"Wow, you pharmaceutical reps really live up to the reputation, huh?" 

"If you mean that we are a bunch of smoking-hot, cock-hungry sluts, then yes, guilty as charged," Malena replied with a very serious look on her face.

"So how exactly does Katrin fit in?" 

"Well, she will charge extra, but we can totally do a private bj class with a real cock. Ted's cock," Malena explained. "You'll love Katrin, she totally looks like a Swede—tall, blonde, and super nice."

Vera was quite intrigued by this proposal. The vision of a group of sexy ladies all sucking on her husband's cock in a formal setting was starting to make her very wet. 

"Well, Malena, if you are willing to check with Katrin to see if this is really possible, I'll be happy to pay everyone's fee. I figure we can rustle up a few ladies for a free blowjob class, don't you?" Vera asked.

"Yes you can definitely rustle up a few ladies—consider me the first!" Malena proclaimed with a smile. 

"Thank you so much. That is what I was hoping," Vera said with a kind smile to her friend. She admired Malena's beautifully curvy, brown hair and striking eyes from across the table. The Christmas Birthday Blowjob Extravaganza, as it would later be dubbed, could not arrive fast enough. 

