 David returned with Manny to his home a little earlier than they had originally expected. The men had decided to call it a night early after laughing, talking, watching sports, having a few rounds of beer and playing pool. They were eager to get back to their wives after a sexy red head at the billiards hall had flirted with the two of them and teased them all night. She wore black stiletto high heels that laced up and tied around her incredible legs. She also wore the tightest, shortest denim daisy duke shorts and a tight, revealing black shirt that was tied under her breasts showing off her amazing mid drift and ample cleavage. She continually leaned over the pool table as she played all night, allowing everyone present to see glimpses of her soft, beautiful ass cheeks and large breasts.

It was only about 11:00 at night and each man was horny, secretly and individually hoping that the ladies would be ready for a long night of passion at their respective homes. As Manny unlocked the door and walked into the entry, he turned on the hallway light and dropped his keys on one of the hooks on a wall just above a small landing table. He closed and locked the door behind David as they made small talk, but were really thinking about and anticipating hot, wild, passionate sex tonight. 

They walked to the living room looking for their women. They didn't see either lady. What they found instead was a large cup black strapless bra thrown onto the couch. Manny didn't recognize the bra, but David sure did. Each man was confused at this scene and stared at the couch dumbfounded for a few seconds. Then they jerked their heads around to look at each other, searching for an explanation in each man's puzzled face. Suddenly hearing moaning, they both rushed to Manuel and Lydia's master bedroom. 

The door was already open and what they saw was both of their wives on a large bed, naked bodies tangled up together and kissing. Lydia was on the bottom and Sandy was on top of her rubbing her sexy 36D tits all over her friend's 36Cs. Caught off guard and not knowing what to really do or say at the unexpected scene he was now viewing, Manny found himself yelling "WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU TWO DOING?"

Startled by the unexpected bellowing, both women stopped their activities and looked in the direction of the doorway where the voice had come from. Sandy was fairly certain it had been Manuel's voice, but Lydia knew with absolute certainty that it was him from the first word he'd spoken. Sandy looked back at Lydia's face. Lydia looked guilty, nervous and terrified at having been caught by her husband with another woman. Not wanting the situation to take on an angry tone, Sandy thought quickly about how to smooth the situation over. 

"We wanted to surprise you and get warmed up for you two. You do wanna join us, right?" she asked lustily, her voice silky and husky as she looked back over at the men. Then Sandy moved over to her side so they could get a better view. She licked one of Lydia's sticky nipples, flicking the hardened bud with her tongue, her gaze fixed on Manny's eyes. Caught off guard by the unexpected stimulation, combined with the intensity of having been busted pleasing each other by their husbands, Lydia was unable to stifle a moan. Sandy's tongue felt so amazing on her body, licking and sucking her sex juices from her nipple. Lydia had always fantasized about participating in group sex and now with her friend's help, she might be able to turn her once secret desire into reality.  Manny couldn't help the bulge rapidly growing harder in his pants. His wife looked so turned on and wet and he had always fantasized about watching her with another woman. But he'd always thought his wife was too conservative to ever do it. Now here she was, getting it on with sexy Sandy no less, and he wanted nothing more than to watch and participate. He looked over nervously at David. David shrugged, then nodded his approval. Then both men approached the bed.

Sandy repositioned herself as well as Lydia. Sandy's ass was exposed and up in the air facing towards the guys at one end of the bed. Meanwhile, Lydia was now stretched sideways, her legs open wide and her pussy in front of Sandy's face. David got undressed in record time then stood behind Sandy, his 6'3" frame casting a shadow over her back. His muscles rippled beautifully underneath his smooth milk chocolate colored skin. He grabbed his wife's fantastic ass, palming each cheek in each of his hands as Sandy began to lick Lydia's clit. 

Manny took off his clothes too, exposing his muscular, tattoo covered, tan 5'11 body. He stroked his dick and it quickly extended to its full erect 8 inches as he kept pumping it in his hand. Simultaneously, he watched his wife getting eaten out by another woman. He was so hot and could tell she was too from the look on her face. Manny moved closer to Lydia and as he stood over her looking at Sandy's mouth lick her pussy, Lydia took hold of her husband's dick and pulled him over closer to her. He looked at her face while she teased his dick by licking the tip. She was rolling the precum that had already started to form on it around on her tongue. He looked back over at Sandy's mouth work on his wife's pussy as Lydia swallowed as much of his dick as she could. He groaned, enjoying all the stimulation – both from the eye candy he was witnessing as well as the way his wife was sucking his dick. 

Lydia managed to get most of his length into the back of her throat and she was deep throating him, moaning as Sandy lapped at her clit. Manny groaned in turn at the way her throat was reverberating around his dick.

Taking in the entire scene, David was fisting his own 9 inches of man meat. He was so aroused by all of the activities going on around him that he slammed into Sandy's pussy from the back at full force. He rammed into her roughly, getting his entire dick into her pussy on the first stroke and violently shaking the whole bed with that first thrust. Sandy let out a muffled moan of pleasure as she continued sucking on Lydia's clit. Lydia then let out another obstructed moan at the vibrations on her clit from Sandy's moan. 

Manny reached down and fondled Lydia's breasts while he watched her beautiful mouth work on his very hard member. She'd never given better head and Manny's excitement grew each time the bed shook from Sandy getting pounded right next to him. He looked over and watched her take it from the back while she kept eating out his wife. Manny couldn't take any more. Just as Lydia started moaning in ecstasy, he came down the back of her throat. Usually Lydia would avoid swallowing his cum at all costs then spit it out. Instead, right now she was greedily sucking his dick down her throat even more fervently, swallowing every drop of his seed. Her throat muscles milked all of the cum out of his dick, while the reverberations in her throat from her muffled moaning continued to stimulate him.

Manny slowly withdrew his dick from Lydia's mouth while he worked to reposition her body. He moved Lydia so that her mouth was just underneath Sandy's clit. Lydia licked Sandy's slippery clit while she continued to get a rough pounding from David. Manny started getting hard again watching all the action. He stroked his dick back to another full erection in no time then eased his way into Lydia's sopping wet pussy. She moaned loudly as he glided his hard dick into her warm, moist tunnel. She started to suck Sandy's clit as Manny began pumping in and out of her. Sandy was moaning now from the dual stimulation. She was looking into Manny's eyes again as her husband pounded her hot twat and his wife licked and sucked on her clit.

Within less than two minutes of all this attention to her body, Sandy climaxed hard, moaning very loudly and keeping her eyes fixated on Manny's. He got super excited by Sandy's fuck faces and moans and the fact that she kept eye contact with him while she came. He started to really pound Lydia now. Lydia removed her lips from Sandy's clit and moaned louder. She rubbed Sandy's clit between her fingers and thumb while Manny fucked her harder and harder. 

David continued pumping into Sandy as hard as he could. After a while, when he couldn't hold on any longer, he came, pouring shots of hot creamy cum into his wife's cunt. When he was almost completely spent, he pulled out of Sandy and shot one last spurt of jizz on Lydia's face. She used her free hand and wiped the cum from where it had landed on her face before licking and sucking her fingers clean. Seeing this, Manny pumped into her harder and faster. Within a few more strokes, Lydia was having another orgasm, her pussy clenching and spasming around her husband's dick. When she was done, suddenly insatiable for cum, Lydia began sucking David's cum from Sandy's pussy. 

Watching this scene and stroking himself, David was ready to get back into the action again. He looked at Manny and asked "wanna switch?" Manny hesitated at first, but Lydia was nodding. He looked at Sandy and the look on her face told him everything else he needed to know.

"Ok," Manny said as he slowed his stroke to a stop then pulled out of his wife. Sandy laid on her back underneath him and David laid on his back besides her, lowering Lydia slowly unto his dick. Manny entered Sandy's well fucked pussy and immediately immensely enjoyed how different she felt from his wife. Sandy bit her bottom lip as he entered her. Manny's dick was just a little shorter than David's but thicker. She felt very full and liked the sensations he was giving her. Manny wrapped Sandy's legs around him as he increased the speed at which he was thrusting into her.    

He leaned down and kissed her, tasting Lydia's pussy on Sandy's lips. This turned him on even more and he started pumping into her even faster. "Oh yeah, like that. Faster! Harder!" Sandy told him in a raspy voice. So he obliged her, thrusting into her as hard and fast as he could. The way she licked her lips, pinched his nipples and kept eye contact with him while he gave it to her was getting him too excited. Nearing an orgasm, he tried to pull out of her so he could cum. Sandy locked her legs around his back even tighter and shook her head side to side, letting him know she wouldn't release him. "Cum inside me," she mouthed to him.

She was still looking into his eyes and twisting both of his nipples lightly. The way she was biting down on her bottom lip now was way too much for him and he couldn't hold it any longer. He cried out and spurted hot thick ropes of cum inside her hot, very wet, tight pussy. As he came inside of her, Sandy used her very toned PC muscles inside her pussy and squeezed every drop of cum from Manny's dick. This in turn made her cum while he was still emptying his seed inside of her.

Meanwhile, as he watched another man cum inside his wife, David grabbed Lydia's hips and slammed into her hard with long deep strokes from underneath her. After Lydia had finished cumming on his dick from his furious pumping into her, he pulled her body off of his and shot his hot, creamy cum all over her stomach and breasts. She rubbed his cum into her tits and tummy like it was lotion, still very turned on by the night's salacious activities.  

The guys both needed a break and sat on opposite ends of the bed as Lydia got on top of Sandy in a 69 position. They watched intently as their wives both licked cum off of each other before pleasing each other orally, eliciting another round of orgasms and accompanying moans from both women.