 Lindsey and Colette were sitting chatting cosily over a glass of wine, the evening wearing on with comfortable ease. As always in such circumstances the conversation began to turn to "naughty" topics, in this case the type of underwear they liked and what they thought it might do to a man.

"So, Colette my dear, what kind of underwear have you got on at the moment? A racy pair of French knickers, or is it a thong with a peephole bra?"

"Nothing like it, I'm afraid. You know me, very basic. Plain white bra and granny knickers, also white"

"I don't believe you! With a body like that you should push it for all it is worth."

The two women, not youthful but still sexily fit, had very much similar bodies. Colette had slightly the more appealing rear end from a male point of view, but Lindsey had an aura and personality that more than compensated for her rounder, but still alluring figure. Neither possessed large breasts, but both looked well proportioned and clearly had cute boobs. They were sitting quite close, almost touching each other on the sofa. Both were in tee shirt and jeans and had discarded their footwear.

"Well," said Lindsey, "Let's have a look at it then."

"No chance! What if John came in?" John was Lindsey's husband and was expected to return at any moment.

"Then he'd be in for a treat!"

"And I'd look a complete idiot!"

"No, you wouldn't. Anyway, he's seen you in your underwear before, remember"

Colette had come to the house one night when Lindsey was away on business, distressed and unhappy and John had chivalrously put her to bed and been the perfect gentleman.

"True. But it still seems a bit odd."

"OK, you show me yours and I'll show you mine. Then you can see what sexy underwear really looks like, hey?"

Somewhat reluctantly Colette stood up and slowly removed her tee shirt. Her bra was indeed white, covering her breasts completely, leaving everything to be imagined.

Then, equally slowly she undid and lowered her jeans. Her pants were, as she described, white and large, coming up to her waist.

"Now, that's is what I would call a complete turn off. It could make a pornstar go limp." Lindsey commented.

"Thanks a bunch pal," said Colette, "that really makes me feel great."

"But you've got a great body, Colette. All you have to do is dress it up and not only will you feel better but it will be a great turn on when you get that man of your dreams inside your pants."

"Crude, dear, crude."

"But true."

Colette sat down again and reached for her wine. "OK, now let's see what you've got on, under that lot."

Lindsey stood up and removed her clothes equally slowly, but with her it seemed much more of striptease than an undressing. Her tee shirt came off to reveal a sheer black bra, almost transparent, which left the top half of her breast uncovered and through the bra her erect nipples could be seen pointing forwards. Unconsciously she lifted both breast with two hands then left them to fall back into their natural position.

"What about that then?"

"Very nice." Was all Colette could reply.

Then, equally slowly she eased her jeans over her hips and down her thighs. As she stepped out of them she stood upright and placed her hands on her hips, thrusting her pelvis forward as if to dare Colette to look.

Her panties were also black, equally sheer and cut to leave no panty line: Tight French knickers with a little red bow at the front. Colette gasped as she noticed that Lindsey's slit was clearly on view through these wonderful pants and totally smooth of any pubic hair.

"You've shaved yourself completely!" She exclaimed before she could help herself.

"I always do. It makes for great sex and when you use a vibrator there is nothing to get in the way of any part of the machine. What's more it looks fantastic in pictures."

This took Colette aback. "What, you take pictures or your....., your bits?"

"John does. We have some great shots. Tell you what, I'll show them to you later."

"Are they the kind of photos you actually could show someone then?"

"Only if they were a truly broadminded and dear friend," was Lindsey's reply.

Lindsey sat next to Colette and took a sip of her own wine, then reached to take her friend's hand. "Tell you what, why don't I bring some of my stuff downstairs and you can try it on? How does that sound?"

"I'm willing to give it a go, OK."

Lindsey left the room and returned remarkably quickly with a small pile of what was clearly quite exotic lingerie. She placed it at one end of the sofa, sat down again and demanded:

"Right girl, get 'em off."

"I'm not sure I can, in front of you."

Lindsey smiled and said, "We're both nurses. What have you got I haven't seen before?"

"Alright, but I feel very nervous, especially if John comes back."

"Then swig back that glass of wine and get rid of the collywobbles, chick."

Colette stood up and reached behind her to unhook her bra. Lindsey kept her eyes focussed carefully on Colette's body, making no allowances for her friend's nerves. Colette lowered the bra to reveal firm breasts with large brown nipples, surrounded by small aureole.

"Now the knickers."

"OK, OK. Here goes nothing."

Quickly she stepped out of her pants, throwing them onto the floor. She had a mass of very dark pubic hair which completely covered her vagina, leaving nothing on view except the dark triangle.

"You should seriously do something about that bush, girl."

"I've never thought about it," was Colette's reply.

"Well, think about it. A shaved pussy looks and feels great and we might have to sort you out later."

Colette was somewhat mystified by this remark, so said nothing.

Lindsey passed her a matching bra and thong, both replete with chains, the bra across the breasts and the thong over the buttocks. Lindsey looked carefully over her friend after Colette had gingerly put them on, adjusting herself into the slightly awkward underwear.

"How does that feel, then?"

"How does it look, more to the point?"

"Great, very sexy and naughty to say the least, but with all those pubes hanging out of the thong it spoils the effect."

Colette looked down and noticed that there was, indeed, a mass of hair hanging out the side of the thong, which truly spoiled the sexy way she started to feel.

"Try these instead." Lindsey advised, passing Colette a pair of loose French knickers and a loose fitting bra which left much of her breasts on view. These were a light pink and by covering and concealing but leaving openings for views allowed Lindsey to state, "Very much better and sexy as hell."

They carried on drinking and allowing Colette to try a wide range of Lindsey's lingerie. Lindsey found herself getting closer and closer to Colette and began to help her take off and put on each item of clothing. Neither woman was prepared to admit where the evening was taking them but both were clearly in the thrall of what was happening. Then Lindsey decided to take matters into her own hands and suggested:

"I think the pants I'm wearing would look the best of all. What do you think?"

Almost too quickly Colette replied, "Well, take them off then and let me try them on."

Lindsey reached down and in the same sleazy way as before lowered her knickers to the ground and stepped out of them. She placed them on the sofa behind her and reached for her friend's panties and, kneeling in front of her, eased them over her hips and removed them as Colette stepped out of them.

She then picked up the knickers she had just taken off and very un-self-consciously sniffed the crotch as she placed them at Colette's feet. "They smell of me and now they will smell of you. Is that sexy or what?"

Colette smiled as she stepped into the knickers and allowed Lindsey to pull them up and make them snug over her pubic area. She also allowed Lindsey to briefly run her fingers over her belly as she finished the process and gave her another warm smile.

Colette sat back. "Now let's have a look at that shaven pussy without the pants."

Lindsey sat back too, placed herself facing Colette and opened her legs to show her white smooth pubic area. "You're right, it looks really fantastic. You can see the slit and everything and even your clit is just poking through."

"That's because it's got a bit swollen from all these goings on. It normally stays nice and tucked away. Do you want to see more of it?"

"Yes please, " was all Colette could say as she found herself beginning to get wet with the sheer incredible nature of the experience.

Lindsey reached down and with two hands slowly opened the lips of her vagina, to reveal the hood of her clitoris and the very wet and pink entrance to her vagina. It was all so clear with no pubic hair to get in the way.

"Wow, I never thought a cunt could look so beautiful!"

"Would you like to see my tits too?"

"Yes please, quickly."

Lindsey reached up and pulled her bra down. Her nipples were very erect and bright pink. Colette was stunned.

"Jeez, not only have you got a great cunt, but your nipples are fantastic."

"I like to think so," Lindsey replied almost smugly.

Just as Colette had decided to go for broke and touch Lindsey on the clit, the door opened with a sharp bang and into the room walked John. Both women were so stunned they could not move and as he approached a broad grin broke out on his face.

"Thank you God. I knew you existed. If you two are going to get it together I want to watch and if you like I'll take some pictures."

Colette and looked at Lindsey and Lindsey looked at Colette and after a very brief pause they both nodded.

"Ok," Lindsey said, "but we have to do something about Colette's pubes or we won't see a picture of anything.

"You're a dab hand at cunt-shaving, my dear, why don't you shave her smooth like you, then it will look doubly brilliant. In fact I could take pictures of the removal. Bye the way, those knickers you're wearing, Colette, looks suspiciously like some of Lindsey's. In fact I'd swear she was wearing them this morning when I went out."

"I was dear, but Colette's tried them on."

"Now, that I like. A pair of pants with two sets of cunt stains on them. I must have a good sniff at those later."

Colette looked slightly shocked at this. "Do you really like the smell of cunt?"

"Almost as much as the taste. In fact I usually sniff and lick Lindsey's pants everyday, but I've never admitted it until now."

"You bugger!", was all Lindsey could say. "What a disgustingly, wonderful, pervy thing to do. I want to fuck you and soon."

"You shall dear, but you're going to fuck Colette and fuck her properly, or you'll get nothing. And if you get me really turned on, then we can show Colette our special game and let her join in."

"What special game?" Colette asked.

"Wait and see, girly, wait and see. Now I'll go and get that video camera while Lindsey gets a razor and stuff to shave you smooth as a baby's bottom, to use a phrase."

The two left Colette sitting on the sofa as she somewhat nervously sipped more wine, quickly returning with a video camera and a bowl in which sat a razor and shaving brush.

John began to film as Lindsey knelt before Colette, removing her knickers and handing them to John. She placed a towel under Colette as she gently eased her bottom and at the same time john placed the gusset of the panties to his nose.

"That's you there Lindsey, the larger stain. What a fantastic smell. That other one smells different, so must be yours."

With that John ran his tongue lightly over the stain, the one from Colette. "And you taste wonderful, Colette. Can I stick my tongue into your real cunt a little later, when Lindsey has finished making you all smooth?"

Colette was leaning on her elbows, watching Lindsey getting to work with the lather and the razor. She looked John straight in the eye as she said, "I not only want you to lick me, chap, I want you to fuck me and fuck me really hard." Her eyes were full of lust as she said this.

"It will be my pleasure. In fact if you are very good, Lindsey and I will show you our special stuff and you'll be amazed at how much fun you will have. How does that sound?"

"Terribly teasing and it is making me so wet I feel I'm going to cum even before Lindsey starts on me later. Make sure you get all this down on film. Why don't you pan down from my face, over my tits and down to my pussy while Lindsey shaves off my bush?"

As John did this Colette began to play with her nipples and clearly would have done the same to her clit if it had not been for the expert hand of Lindsey smoothly and rapidly removing her cunt hair with practiced strokes of her razor. She moved Colette's body with her hands and pulled apart her arse cheeks so she could makes sure she was removing all the hair. John continued to film and quite soon it was obvious there was little left to do but wipe Colette clean and then, expertly again, Lindsey dusted her down with talcum powder and stood back to look at her handiwork.

"Now, that looks a lot better, doesn't it?"

Colette leaned forward to look down at her newly exposed pussy, clean and fresh but with the clit showing through the lip. "It's beautiful, isn't it?" She suggested.

"It's not only beautiful, babe," said Lindsey, "but it's sexy as hell and looks ready for the pounding of a lifetime. First of all I'm going to work on you with my fingers and tongue, then I'll let this stud of a husband of mine stick his fantastic cock into you and if you're really good I'll let you suck on his cock with that beautiful mouth of yours, but not before I've kissed your tongue and felt your tongue on my cunt too."

"Put those pants back on her first," ordered John. "That way you can take then off slowly, lick them then ease your tongue over her slit as I film you. How does that sound?"

"Great idea darling. Come on Colette, slide these back on."

Lindsey helped Colette ease back into her knickers then, sitting her back on the settee, proceeding to gently ease the gusset into Colette's newly exposed cunt. The slit was easily visible through the sheer black pants and Colette started to sigh with pleasure as she felt Lindsey working her fingers onto her clit through the thin material. "That feels so good. I never thought I'd let myself be fingered by another woman and now I'm about to be licked out by my best friend. At least I hope so."

"Yes you are, chick, so just lift your hips so John can film me removing those pants. That's a good girl. Now, just let me touch your clit with my fingers, there, ever so gently as I sniff these knickers. What a fantastic smell. Film the stain here, John, then get a close up as I spread the lips of Colette's cunt so you can see how wet she is. Boy, is this girl ready to be licked. Are you ready to be licked, chick?"

"Oh, please, stick your fingers in me then lick my clit. Yes, just like that, slowly, over the hood. Now just underneath. Can you get two fingers in? Please, more. Fuck me with your fingers then use the other hand on my clit. Just tease me and stroke me. Oh, oh, you're making me come. Just see how incredibly wet you have made me. Now, quick, tongue in my cunt, now there, on my clit. Get three fingers in me and tongue my clit. I'm coming, I'm coming, oooooooh!"

With a great sigh, almost a grunt, Colette came in rolls. John filmed his wife with her tongue on her friend's cunt and her fingers deep inside as Colette bucked her hips in orgasm. As she eased backwards with another sigh, Lindsey, keeping two fingers deep inside Colette's pussy, moved up her body until her lips were resting on her friends, then slowly rolled her tongue over Colette's mouth.

"There, that's the taste of your cunt on my mouth. I think it's wonderful and sweet and it was lovely to feel the way your pussy pulsed in orgasm. Was that as good for you as it seemed?"

"Oh, yes. Best orgasm I've had in ages. Stick your tongue in my mouth and kiss me properly so I can taste myself. Then, I'm going to do you the same favour you did me and I only hope it looks great on the camera and that you can come for as long and deep a time as I did."

"Go for it girls," said John, who had stopped filming and removed his clothes so that he was completely naked, unlike the two women who were still both wearing their very sexy bras.

Colette looked at him, carefully up and down and as she disengaged from Lindsey's mouth and pushed her friend back on the couch, reached over to take his semi-erect cock into her hand. "Keep that ready for me, because as soon as I've made your wife cum, that's going straight into my mouth, then into my pussy."

"Happy to oblige, my dear." Was all he could reply as he reached for the camera and began to film as Colette ran her tongue down Lindsey's body, over her bra where she pulled first one, then the next nipple out and gently sucked on them.

"Suck hard." Lindsey commanded. "I like my tits to be really roughly played with."

"With pleasure," replied Colette, as she took a nipple and pulled it with her lips until Lindsey seemed to be grimacing with pain, but only said, "Fantastic. Harder."

Colette did the same with the other nipple as she reached down Lindsey's belly until her fingers found the wet, smooth and willing cunt waiting to be probed and prodded.

She then moved her head between Lindsey's legs and began to gently lick around her pussy. She teased and licked, avoiding the cunt lips themselves until Lindsey, bucking her hips cried out, "in me, lick me, feel how wet I am."

Colette opened her friend's vaginal lips, moving to one side to allow John to film how very wet the inside was, then placed first one, then two fingers inside and began to run her tongue over the pink and very swollen clit.

"More fingers. Try and get your whole hand inside."

Colette gently eased a third, then a fourth, then finally managed to get the whole of her fist into the entrance of her friends cunt. "Fuck me hard with your hand while you lick me. Really, really hard. Make it hurt. I love that."

As Colette worked her hand inside Lindsey John continued to film, now with a rock hard cock. He had never managed to get a whole hand inside Lindsey, but knew how much it turned her on to be roughly fucked by large objects.

"See if you can get your whole fist inside her." Suggested John.

"Would you like that, Lindsey?" Colette asked.

"I'd fucking love it. Go on, push it in. Move to one side so John can film it. I've always wanted to be fisted and not only is it going to happen, but with a woman and on film. Just feel how wet your are making me."

Colette began to twist her fist in the entrance of Lindsey's cunt. Each time pushing slightly forward. "I can feel the whole of your cervix and womb"

"Then push harder so you can wriggle that fist around inside me. I want to see a film with you arm deep in me and no hand in sight. Fuck me, fuck me." As she said this Lindsey was bucking almost too hard for Colette to hold on, but she kept her other hand stroking and teasing Lindsey's clit as she pushed and allowed Lindsey to push onto her.

With almost no effort suddenly Colette's fist slipped into Lindsey's open vagina. "God, that feels so fantastic. Really pound in there. John, you'd better have all of this on that film. I could masturbate for hours watching myself being fisted."

With that, as Colette pounded inside her, Lindsey came with a huge explosion of air emitted around Colette's hand. " I can feel the whole of her cunt spasming as she's coming John. I'll keep doing this until she stops."

After what seemed like an age Lindsey stopped arching her hips and sat back with a sigh. As Colette moved her hand from her friend's pussy, she held it and licked the soaking wet vaginal juices which covered it.

"Thanks. That was what I have always wanted."
