 Chapter 8: The End of the Beginning - or En famille.

Jenny heard the disturbance and answered the knocking at the front door. It was pretty tiresome, as she wanted to watch Issy perform her erotic dance but as all the servants had been given the evening off because of the frolics, there was no alternative.

Standing there in a state of some agitation was Tom Allardyce, Gwen's son. It took a few moments for Jenny to recognise the lad but when she did an extremely naughty idea entered her mind. To take him through to the dining room where his mother was sucking Jeremy's cock whilst her own cunt was being tongued by Millia. Obviously Jenny had no idea that Tom frequently watched his mother being fucked by Billy the milkman.

Tom, wishing to see Lady Alicia to impart the dreadful news that had been received with regard to Sir Charles in New York immediately forgot the import of his message as Mrs Jenny Fellowes had answered the door dressed only in a thong.

Tom stared, the womans tits first of all drew his gaze. The firm breasts were surmounted by the hard brown pebbles of her nipples which reared from the large light brown aureoles. Toms prick immediately hardened at the sight, consequently his brain reverted to his large cock and as Jenny had already taken his arm preparatory to leading him to the dining room he quite meekly followed her. Glancing down he could see that the cheeks of her arse were uncovered and when she bent down to pick up something from the floor he had a clear view of her engorged labia on each side of the thin strip of material that widened into the thong which was supposed to cover the Womans pubes.

Jenny threw open the double doors of the dining room. Issy was now naked and other guests were engaged in strenuous sexual combat. Tom however easily recognising his mother had eyes only for her. She was still sucking on the cock of a man Tom did not know but now there was no-one to close of the view from behind. Gwen had her legs wide open and as she sucked on Jeremy's cock.

Jenny was completely taken by surprise. She had hoped the shock of seeing his mother in full sexual play would make the young man want to take part but jenny was not prepared for his immediate reaction. Tom was so sexually aroused that before Jenny could speak the boy had his fly open his monster dick out and he was across the room sliding it into his mothers well aroused and to her satisfaction, abused cunt.

Gwen grunted in pleasure as the thick prick filled her channel. A 10 inch prick in her mouth and another in her cunt was heaven. She could not speak but showed her pleasure by immediately finding a rhythm that had the prick in her mouth sliding out as the cock in her cunt slid in thereby fucking her mouth and fuckhole at the same time.

Having no idea that it was her own son giving her so much pleasure she released the prick in her mouth just long enough to urge the lad to fuck her harder and to play with her clit and then clamped her mouth around the swollen knob of Jeremy who was watching his own dick being expertly sucked as the woman was being fucked.

Jenny hearing Gwen cry out to have her clit licked, quickly slid under the womans stomach and was able to watch the hard long tool of Tom slide in and out of his mothers cunt. Quickly Jenny located without difficulty the large nub of Gwen's engorged clit and suck on it hard. Immediately Gwen groaned. her voice was muffled by the cock in her mouth but it became obvious that she was in the throes of orgasm. Not once not twice but frequent trembles shook her as she came. At the same time Jeremy groaned and shouted to the room that he too was cumming and started to empty his balls into the willing mouth of Gwen. The woman could not take it all, the 'cum' was running out of the sides of her mouth, She released Jeremy's cock and then took another glob of cum in the face and another between her breasts. Tom could hold out no longer and with a heart rending "Oh Gawd ooooooh Gawd M-O-T-H-E-RRRRRRRR - oh Mmmmmmmummmmmm mum oh fuck" he emptied his balls into his mothers receptive cunt.

Gwen's eyes opened wide "Oh God NO NOO NOOOOOOOO No oh Tom oh fuck oh Tom Oh No you have fucked me _Tom I am your mother oh darling oh my darling darling and Gawd help me I loved it I loved it I loved that big fucking cock. Oh darling Tom IT WAS WONDERFUL>

Later after they had both recovered she told him her news that she was Alicia's sister and that now she wanted to watch him fuck his aunt, her own sister, to fuck Lady Alicia. After watching the guests at play Tom grinned.£" Well mum, as I am part of the family now besides Aunt Alicia I think james mother-in-law, lady margaret would give a great ride too."

His mother quietly chided him with a nudge and a wink. "You lecherous boy, I cannot think where you get it from and from and if I have heard correctly you have been you have been watching Billy the milkman fuck me too. I suppose you were wanking that large cock of yours as you did."

Jenny interrupted them. "Stop it you two, you are making me quite horny with your conversation. I am going to organise an Oral sex session, Are you willing?"

Naturally they were both willing and as Issy was apparently in the throes of a small orgasm Jenny enlightened everyone of the next show.

No-one needed any urging to remove the rest of their clothing and then Jenny first of all got help in arranging soft cushions on the floor. She explained that there was to be no fucking - well, not for a while.

Each man was to lie on his back with his cock standing upright, each woman was to lower her cunt on to the man's face then lean forward and take the cock of the next man in her mouth.

Bandey was the first, his monster cock sticking up like a flagpole;Lady Margaret, James mother-in-law, lowered her extremely aroused cunt onto his face, at the same time taking Franz's long thin cock into her mouth.Millia lowered her tight fuzz covered quim onto Franz tongue and eagerly grasped the prick of the newly arrived Tom, the aroma of 'cum' and female juices exciting the young woman even more. Tom then became the filling in the female sandwich of mother and daugher as Iswalla lowered her mons, the fat wet aroused labia almost smothering the young man.Iswalla grasped the upright elongated tool of the Honourable James her tongue curling around his knob end like a snake.

To James intense pleasure, his mothers new found sister, Gwen, his aunt, was a double bonus as she lowered her freshly fucked cunt, still showing traces of the stringy traces of cum left by her son Tom. James never averse to licking a freshly fucked quim was not deterred by the traces left by his erstwhile cousin. Gwen settles to the shorter dick of Jeremy who at last was treated to the aroused sweetness of his hostess Jenny. Her target was Werner who had recently enjoyed the experienced tongue of a more mature woman having been sucked off by Lady Margaret. Although not apparent to the men, the older men at least, it was due to the aphrodisiac supplied by Neville in the Bombe Alaska that gave them the wherewithal to 'cum' three or four times during the course of the evening.



Werner, an anglophile and also a fervent supporter of British Establishment, the aristocracy, he himself actually being a Hanoverian, was delighted to find the well used cunt of Lady Alicia was to be his cup of nectar. He could already see as she lowered herself in place the elongated nub of a clit just made for sucking. For Alicia it was a magic moment. The sight before her eyes took her back to the moment whenesty of that colossal prick of the Ambassador. a massive black cudgel easilly 12 inches in length with balls the size of two fists. The black purple head all the world like a large apple. To engulf it Alicia had to open her mouth very wide indeed.

Before the Oral Event started, Neville, whose place had been taken by Tom because the stallion presented himself to the waiting mare. In front of her rose the majof his incapacity, but who, nevertheless had a glorious hard on caused by the ring of his guests on the cushions, made a short announcement.



"Ladies and Gentlemen, enjoy this your extra dessert. There will be a prize for the last man and last woman who succumb to orgasm. Ladies, be honest, it is not always obvious to the male when you ladies have a 'cum'. When you cum break the chain, but in doing so you men only remove your dick from the lady sucking you, keep on tonguing the cunt at your mouth. Ladies, the same rule, you 'cum' but you keep on sucking the tool in your mouth. A prize for the winner. 

The woman who has not orgasmed at the end will be fucked by the man who has not yet 'cum' . AS he 'cums' he will withdraw his prick so we camn all watch. If his partner has still not 'cum' then she will be fucked until she does even if i have to bring in my prized stallion. SO, GO TO IT>"

Soon the room was filled with the gasps and groans as the contestants went to work with a will. Sucking, licking and tonguing of hard pricks with smooth blood filled heads, engorged clits and slippery pubic lips. The scent of aroused womanhood filled the room the wonderful musky smell of hot cunt assailed the nostrils of every man seemingly adding length and hardness to the already formidable male bars of iron each man sported.

The women too were excited fingering, squeezing, pulling their already hard nipples inti walnut sized nuts which sent tingles of desire through their bodies.

soon muffled screams filled the room, there were groans of pleasure disappointed pleasure as thrustipricks spilled their contents into jerking willing cunts that were unable to slow but joined the flaying pricks in orgasm.

The aroma in the room grew as the smell of male cum mixed with the hot smell of the satisfied quims.

At last their were just three people on the floor.Werner who had emptied his balls into the rapcious mouth of Mrs Jenny Fellowes had been unable to induce lady Alicia to 'cum' although he had tried everything he knew, sucking licking her large clit, tongue fucking her, sucking on the engorged labia. Lady alicia, having been determined not to lose control and 'cum' had not managed to make the ambassador shoot of either.

Knowing they were the last two Alicia freed herself from Werner and positioned herself over the large long thick horse cock of Bandey. His prick enormous, the circumference alone looked as if it would be too big for even Lady Alicia's quim.

The room, the food, the artoma the sight of the big cock waiting to fuck her finally aroused Alicia to heights she had never before reached. As she slowly lowered her wide open cunt onto the waiting purple helmet of the black cock the watchers began to clap, slowly as she engulfed the massive head the audience claspped with her, down and down she went, inch by inch her larghe cunt swallowing the equally large prick.

Her knees bent, her thighs level with the floor Alicia at last engulfed the tool in her quim and then she started to fuck the Ambassador. First only rising a few inches, before settling, then six inches, then nine inches, her fucking motion increasing, soon she was taking it all and rising up until the head almosy slipped from her greasy tunnel.

"Aargh aargh I'M CUMMING - I'M CUMMING" shouted Bandey.

"No NOOOO NOOOOOOOOO WAIT WAIT WAIT FOR ME - OH FUCK OH FUCK YES YESSS OHHHHH OOOOOOH AAARGH YESSSSSSSSS - NOW NOW NOW,"screamed the AROUSED LADY ALICIA.

Bandey pushed her over and started to fuck Alicia with hard thrusts then suddenly "YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS" they both shouted, Bandy pulled his prick from the confines of Alicia's cunt and hot white jism flooded out, but he wasn't finished. His prick jumping in his hand as he shot into Alicia's face, into her mouth over her tits, spraying her cunt until she grapped the big dick and wrapped her mouth around the know end taking the last of the 'cum' from his gigantic balls.

This spectacular ended the wonderful party, couples didnt leave but went off to find a corner for themselves. 

As Lady Alicia wiped herself down, and stepped into her ruined evening dress Gwen had a word with her sister and with the Honourable James. Tom had told her of the urgent telephone call from Sir Charles office in new York. The sordid details would arrive later but to learn that her husband had died from a drug overdose in suspicious circumstances did not surprise Lady Alicica. Lady Alicia took the small group to one side she told him that she realised that he was now the owner of the house, he was now in fact Lord Bellingham.

Realising that what his mother had in mind James told her that it was too soon to talk of such things. He did not want the house. He grinned. "Hmm, I want you there mother, You and Aunt Gwen, I dont want Tom wearing himself out fucking you both, I want a turn. This broke the tension and Lady Margaret chimed in the declaration that she too wanted a turn with Tom as he was in the family. "Dont forget" she said,"When your wife, my daughter, Joanne learns of all that has gone on she will be extremely mortified. Not, I assure you all james has been fucking all and sundry, but that she has missed out.

After sayong goodbye to the other guests, in particular to the Fellowes for such an excellent evening the Fortescue-Brownes took their leave. Lady Alicia whispered to Jenny Fellowes that when convenient she would take Jenny up on the offer of meeting the other male member of the household, Rufus. Jenny smiled her compliance.

As the Bentley drove away, Jenny turned to Isa, "Did we not discuss horses and dogs? We can visit my stallion if you like then I will introduce you to one of my best friends - Rufus. Alright Isa? Perhaps your daughter may like to come along too."

Isa put her arm around Jenny. "My daughter and I would love to come - and 'CUM'. You did say you would like to fuck us both - after Rufus of course.

- THE END of 'Lady Alicia's Arousal' -