 It's late - we've had a few games of bowling and we're heading back to the car. The bowling alley has just closed, and the car park is empty except for my little Micra and this one, clapped-out car. There's a woman, slim, with long slender legs and short blonde hair, stood with the bonnet up, peering at the engine. It's hot outside, she's wearing the shortest shorts and the tightest top - her big tits are almost falling out! She looks seriously fuckable!

You ask if she's OK and go over to help. I stand back watching her. ‎I can feel my nipples harden at the sight of her tight arse as she bends over. I want to run my hand up her long, creamy white legs, slip it inside her shorts and push my finger into her tight, wet cunt.

She turns to look at me and smiles - like she knows what I'm thinking. I step forward, standing next to her. I can feel her heat, smell her skin. My heart beats faster, my cunt dripping wet. Unexpectedly, she softly places her hand over mine, linking our fingers. Slowly, she draws my hand up her body until it's resting on her tits. My mouth drops open in shock. She wastes no time. Roughly, she plunges her tongue inside my mouth, kissing me hard. I feel her hand in my hair, forcing me forward and closing the distance between us. She tastes so good!

I can't help but kiss her back, my fingers rolling her nipple. She moans into my mouth, pushing her pussy against mine. I'm so wet and my cunt is aching for her. I push back. She breaks the kiss, panting. Her eyes stare into mine. I look down at her massive tits and know I have to taste them - I need to have them in my mouth!

My fingers tremble slightly as I peel the thin straps of her tight vest top over her shoulders and down her arms. Her tits are amazing! They're big but firm, her nipples pink and hard - practically begging to be sucked. I gently run the pad of my thumb over the hard tip. She moans softly, closing her eyes and tilting her head back. I run my hands from her hips and up over her waist, feeling the heat of her skin. Both hands cup her tits, while both thumbs play with her nipples. She moans louder, her hands grasping the bonnet for support.

She looks so good, so very fuckable. I can't hold back any longer, I have to taste her. ‎With the tip of my tongue ‎I lick the hard tip of her nipple. She gasps, her hand grabbing my shoulder. I do it again, gently sucking this time. I feel her fingers dig into my shoulder and hear her moan - the sound goes straight to my clit. I'm so wet, so turned on, that I roughly grab her massive tits, sucking her nipples deep into my mouth. God, she tastes like strawberries, and I can't get enough of her sweet taste!

She weaves her fingers into my hair, pulling me closer. Her pussy rubs against mine. She grinds harder and I suck harder. Her fingernails dig into my scalp as she tilts her head back and screams. Her orgasm hits her hard. I don't stop until she yanks me up, mashing her lips against mine. I don't stop playing with her tits - this isn't over yet!

As her tongue clashes with mine, I run my hands over her soft skin until I find the button on her shorts, and pop it open. The sensation has her breaking off the kiss. She looks into my eyes, breathing hard and nods. It's all I need!

Carefully, I unzip her shorts to find no underwear - fuck! I find it hard to breathe. I want her so badly! With both hands I push down her shorts, all the way to the floor. I take a deep breath and look up, staring ‎straight at her bald, pink, glistening cunt!

‎I groan. I don't know ‎if I can make this last. I'm desperate to taste her cunt, to taste the sweet juices. I run my fingers across her clit and she cries out. I look up into her blue eyes, slowly sucking on my finger. She moans at the sight, pushing her pussy towards me - I can't turn her down!

I run my finger along her clit again, listening to her moan. I push the finger deep inside her, my thumb massaging her clit. She falls back against the car, spreading her legs wide. I insert another finger, pushing it deeper. Feeling her walls close in, I finger-fuck her hard - just how I like to be fucked. ‎My thumb moves quicker and she begins to thrash about. I hold her steady, unwilling to stop or let her escape. Her body begins to shake, and she moans as she cums hard. Her fingers again dig into my shoulders but I don't stop. I clamp my mouth around her clit, sucking it deep. Her scream echoes around the empty car park. Her entire body shakes as her orgasm rocks her very soul. I look up to see her eyes are glazed‎, her cheeks red. I can see the rash on her chest from her orgasm - she looks beautiful. I want more of her - I want more!

‎I sense someone at my side and, still on my knees, I turn. ‎Andrew stands over me, his hard cock in his hand. I look back at the wet, pink cunt, then at the hard cock to my right, and smile - this is going to be fucking amazing!

I lick the tip of Andrews cock and he ‎groans. I pause, before turning back to the bald, pink pussy. Gently, I lick her lips, all the way to her clit, sucking softly. They both taste so good, but so different - I can't choose!

I wrap my fingers around Andrew's hard cock, wanking him slowly‎ as I lick the head. I feel myself getting even wetter as I imagine his rock hard cock fucking my aching cunt. Desperate, I push his cock deep into my hot mouth, as far as I can take it. Andrew moans again, grabbing my head as he fucks my mouth. I dig my nails into his arse, holding him closer, taking him to the very back of my throat. He moves faster and I suck harder, driving him wild. I soon taste the pineapple flavour of his pre-cum and I pull my mouth away. Andrew groans but I turn my attention to the waiting blonde.

Her cheeks are flushed. She's been watching me suck Andrew's cock.‎ I can see she wants him, that she wants his cock, but he's all mine! I push her roughly against the car and her head snaps to mine‎. She knows the score! She weaves her hand into my hair pulling me in close and pressing her lips against mine. I let her taste a little of Andrew's pre-cum and she moans - how I love to tease!

Her fingers move to the buttons of my shirt, working quickly. I feel the cooling air hit my bare tits and feel my nipples become rock hard. She breaks the kiss, looking longingly at my tits. I don't think, I just do - grabbing her head and forcing it to my chest. Savagely, she sucks my nipples, playing with my tits. I love it - and I love it rough!

 

I lift my leg up, wrapping it around her waist and pushing my clit against hers - desperate for the friction.‎ She runs her soft hands up my long legs and under my skirt, pulling my thong to one side as she slips two fingers inside my soaking wet pussy. I cry out in pleasure, begging her to fuck me, begging her not to stop. She finger-fucks me deeply until I can hardly breathe. I feel my orgasm building but I want more - I need more!

He knows! I feel his warm body, and feel his hard cock press against my back. His soft hands cup my tits, gently squeezing and playing with my nipples. I put my head on his shoulder, arching my back as I find his mouth. It all feels so good! I press my lips against his, my fingers tangling in his hair‎ as the blonde continues to finger-fuck my dripping wet cunt. She drops to her knees, and I lift my leg onto her shoulder to give her deeper access. Her fingers press even deeper, finding my G-spot.

The rush of pleasure is immense. I try to break away but Andrew kisses me harder, swallowing my moans as he squeezes my nipples. I ‎feel her warm lips lock onto my clit and I can't stop the orgasm that rips through my body. I scream out, thrashing about as it completely blows my mind. Unable to move, I ride out wave after wave of pleasure until the blonde releases me. Slowly, she slides up my body, our pussies rubbing together, while Andrew's hard cock presses against my back. 

I groan at the sensation - I'm torn! I desperately want her tight, pink cunt but I crave Andrews long, hard cock. I look at them both, trying to decide. After a moment, I shrug my shoulders. ‎Fuck it! Who says I can't have both!

I turn my head, capturing Andrew's soft lips in a hot kiss‎. His fingertips squeeze my nipples as our tongues dance, fighting for supremacy. I feel the blonde rubbing her pussy against mine - she's clearly feeling all left out. I break the kiss, staring into her translucent blue eyes while Andrew continues to play with my tits. His rock-hard ‎cock presses up against my back, sandwiching me between them both. It's so hot‎! My cunt is dripping wet, and it's definitely time to fuck!

I push the blonde up against the bonnet. She slides ‎on, leaning back and pushing up her big tits with her hands. She licks her nipple, taking the tip into her mouth. She smiles proudly, slowly opening her legs to reveal her pink, wet pussy. Without hesitation, I lean over her, taking her lips is a scorching kiss before running my hand over her hot body. I grip her thighs‎ tightly, opening her legs wider. She pushes her pussy towards me, desperate for my attention - so I give it to her!

With the tip of my tongue I lick her cunt, sucking her clit. She arches off the bonnet, moaning. I do it again, but this time I push a finger deep inside too. The blonde cries out, her heels dig into the bonnet as she grabs my head. I lock my lips onto her clit, licking and sucking until she's thrashing about, begging me to stop - but I don't!

 

The magnitude of her orgasm takes her breath away. She lays on the bonnet panting - but we're not done yet! I push two fingers deep inside her cunt while my thumb plays with her clit. She moans loudly, rolling her hips as she rides my fingers - I love it, she loves it and clearly Andrew loves it too!

I feel his hard cock against my arse and I instinctively bend forward. His hand slips between my legs. His fingers do the same to me as I'm doing to Blonde, and we both moan! 

I open my legs wider, bending further forward and inviting him in. ‎He pulls his fingers from my soaking wet cunt and pushes them into my mouth while forcing his rock hard cock into my pussy. I moan around his chocolate-covered fingers - it all feels so good!

Andrew knows how I like to be fucked - he knows I like it deep and hard. With his hands gripping my hips he fucks me as I finger-fuck the blonde. His cock is balls-deep inside my wet cunt‎ and it feels fucking amazing. With a scream of pleasure I ravish the blonde's clit - sucking and licking it while Andrew pumps hard and deep into my tight pussy. We both cum together, the blonde and I ‎screaming and shaking from the power of our orgasms.

We collapse in a heap on the bonnet‎, taking a moment to catch our breath. That was good - but I know we can do better. I look at Andrew and then at the blonde - I know what I want to do next. I push Andrew onto his back, planting a hot kiss ‎on his lips before turning to the blonde. Her cheeks are flushed, her nipples hard. I can see her bald cunt glistening in the moonlight. I wrap my hand around Andrew's hard cock, stroking it, licking the tip with my tongue before taking it to the back of my throat. Andrew moans, and leans his head back onto the bonnet. I suck him off, getting his cock all nice and slippery.

When I look up, the blonde is watching. She's panting hard, her fingers deep in her pussy. I glance at Andrew's cock and then back at her - an invitation! The blonde accepts in a heartbeat! She crawls across ‎the bonnet, her big tits dangling in the night air. With my hand still wrapped around Andrew's cock, she straddles him. I open up her juicy cunt with two fingers, and guide my boyfriends cock inside. The blonde's entire body shakes as he enters her. She grabs hold of my hand for support as she sinks deeper down, her wet cunt slipping easily over Andrew's long, hard cock.

Blonde closes her eyes and with a groan from them both she begins to move. ‎I watch mesmerised at the sight of her fucking herself on my boyfriend's cock. I'm so turned on that I can feel my hot juices running down my leg‎. I take my nipples between my fingers, squeezing and playing with my tits, my body moving in time with hers. I let my hand wander down my body, my fingers aching to play with my pussy, but Andrew grabs my wrist, pulling me on top of him - he wants to taste my juicy wet cunt!

I lower myself down slowly, but he roughly grabs my thighs, ravenously plunging his tongue deep inside me - fuck, that feels good! His tongue tickles my clit and I try to escape, but the pleasure is too much and he won't let me go. I can feel my orgasm building, and I try to fight it but I don't have a chance when the blonde suddenly takes my nipple into her mouth. I cum hard, screaming out into the night. My whole body shakes from the force, but I don't want it to stop.

 

Andrew doesn't give me time to recover. He grips me hard‎, holding me steady. I look at the blonde riding his hard cock and I moan. She pumps his cock, arching back. I return her favour, taking her nipples between my finger tips, rolling and squeezing until she cries out, her lips locking with mine - she's close!

The blonde grinds her cunt faster and harder on Andrew's cock. Andrew grips me even harder, plunging his tongue deeper inside my pussy. The blonde moans as I play with her clit - it's more than enough to tip her over the edge. She screams as I tease, and her big tits bounce up and down as she cums hard on my boyfriend's cock. Seeing that, and with the sensation of Andrew's skilful tongue deep in my cunt, I can't help but follow her into another mind-blowing orgasm.

The blonde and I stare at each other and smile, catching our breath. We've both had our fill - but there's one thing left to do. We climb off Andrew, watching his cock glisten in the light‎. I want to be the first to take his cock in my mouth - I want to taste her cum on it. I take it deep, enjoying his moans. When I've licked all of her cum off, I let the blonde take over, and watch my boyfriend fuck her mouth. I gaze intently as Andrew gets closer and closer, before he yanks his cock out of her mouth and shoots his hot load all over her massive tits. I don't wait until he's finished before I start licking up all that pineapple cream - and I don't waste a drop! What a fantastic fucking session!

As we all ‎get dressed I decide I don't want this to end - the fun and games will continue...