 She was nervous as hell. For the first time in all this she was beginning to have second thoughts. Alan would have none of it though and insisted she went through with it. In his late forties, he was more than twenty years older than she, just less than six feet tall with a slim build, he worked out at the gym and it showed. Beth followed him up the stairway of the dingy, run down house in London’s Kentish Town district to meet the friends he’d told her about.

The two had met in an Internet chat room a few months earlier. She was a sophisticated, well-educated American girl; though one who had seldom traveled beyond her native shores, he was a man of dubious background, always economical with the answers to prying questions. She was surprised when he had put up the airfare for her visit. They had got on well yes, but three hundred pounds was a lot of money for a guy who didn’t seem to have a regular income.

Their Internet chats had, almost inevitably focused upon sex and sexuality. She’d made it clear she was a very experienced woman, no stranger to lesbian experiences and all manner of deviant sex games. The fact that most of this had been pure fantasy was lost on Alan; she didn’t or hadn’t had the nerve to tell him. Certainly in the three days since her arrival there lovemaking had been torrid. They had fallen into bed almost immediately and the results had been spectacular, Beth melting into his maleness at first, as he forced an aggressive pace. As things settled and the initial afterglow subsided, she explored him with her deft touch and he returned the compliment, caressing and kissing her gently, all over her firm young body, reducing her close to orgasmic tears as wave after wave of powerful emotion smouldered then blazed through her very being. 

On the second day though he had referred to her previous Internet boasts of multiple partners and deviant experiences with extreme relish. It was obvious that Alan was hugely turned on by this side of Beth. He found himself liking her immensely, and caring for her in more than just an avuncular way. They were on the same wavelength in so many ways. The darkside they both shared was merely an additional thrill as the relationship began to bond into something very special. For her part, Beth was only too willing to continue the lies, eager not to displease him. As a foreigner in a strange land she felt somehow dependant and obliged to be compliant.

As they fucked for hours on that second day, pausing only to eat and drink for a while, Alan told her of his acquaintance Marcus, an amateur filmmaker whose hobby in life was to amass as much photographic and movie equipment as possible. He had hit a hard time lately, recently divorced and having had to sell his house and car to pay off the demands of his greedy ex-wife. He needed a ‘helping hand,’ Alan had explained. Together with Joe, Marcus’ uncle, they had hit on the idea of making some pornographic movies and circulating them in the flourishing underground market that existed in London. The only problem was, he went on to explain, was the lack of a willing girl who wouldn’t charge an exorbitant fee. Moreover, one would relish the chance of a good fucking and had no fear of being recognised (she’d soon be back in the U.S.A. after all).

It began to dawn on Beth that Alan had an additional and ulterior motive for bringing her across the Atlantic. She panicked inwardly as the realisation dawned into place. But her dilemma was clear, did she go along with the plan or reveal herself a complete charlatan? Sure she’s had a few lovers of both sexes, but never indulged in anything really kinky. The net bravado was a form of release, therapy if you like, and where was the harm in it? Alan had seemed a trustworthy guy. The offer of a holiday in London had been just to good to refuse.

She decided to play along.

On the fourth day of her visit they entered a huge old three storey Victorian terraced house, which would have been built originally for wealthy families towards the end of the nineteenth century. The couple ascended the staircase to the second floor, Alan walking confidently and assertively, she tremulous, not having spoken for a few minutes. The dimly lit hallway lent a seedy feel to the old building. As Alan knocked at the door of flat 12, she was almost shaking. 

Marcus welcomed them in. He was an attractive guy, about thirty-five years old, slim, with the most amazing hair. Long dreadlocks, unusually thick and profuse for a white guy, hung down his back, a magnificent mane of tangled hair. Beth reckoned there was about seven years of untrained growth on his head. A brief Neanderthal fantasy flashed across her mind as she pictured Marcus at the height of sexual passion, that jungle of hair spilling over her stomach as he ravaged her pussy with his mouth.

He poured her a drink - a very large vodka. Almost as soon as he handed the glass to her, another man emerged from the kitchen. ‘Hiya’ they greeted the new arrivals. Joe, the oldest of the three was a stocky man in his late fifties, shaven headed and powerfully built, with a winning smile and a disarming twinkle in his bright eyes. Beth knew she could get along with him, and fears of an afternoon of pure hell began to recede slightly as the vodka slipped down and her glass was recharged.

As they chatted, Marcus was inspecting his array of camera hardware and had selected a particularly hi-tech looking specimen. "So Al," he asked, "we going to get it on with Beth soon or what?" 

Alan sat next to his new lover on the couch, took her glass out of her hand and said "it’s time to play baby"...Whether it was the vodka or her affection for Alan, she didn’t know, but it felt so right as she prepared to surrender, whatever he wanted to take from her. He draped an arm around her and they kissed. She was wearing a faded tie-dye tee shirt and tight jeans, sports socks and trainers.... Alan had insisted on this saying " we won’t be interested in frilly fripperies Beth baby, we’ll just want you naked as soon as possible!"

As he kissed her he slipped a hand underneath her tee shirt, moulding his hand to the shape of her firm and prettily pert breasts. He rolled her right nipple gently in his hand and the instantaneous erection excited him. Through the corner of her eye, she saw Joe, a total stranger, beginning to rub his cock through the bulge in his pants.

"A dry run first," said Marcus, putting down the camera carefully, "we’ve got all day and I want to practice some moves." Alan broke away from his kiss saying starkly, "get your kit off girl."

Beth, lost in a kind of obedience inspired trance, now complied without thinking. Seconds later she stood there in her naked glory, a lost girl in a strange land about to be devoured by natives, in the nicest possible way.

Alan had told the guys she was very experienced. This helped to put aside their inhibitions for in truth, none of these three men had done this kind of thing before. Alan took the initiative, naked save for a sleeveless black cotton top, he embraced her...she felt the strength in his well toned arms, a hug turned to an exploration, his hands sliding down her back. A millisecond later he had whisked her up into his arms and marched her to the bedroom through an adjoining door.

When the door closed behind the three men it was as though the entire mood of the group had changed. From being benign and kind they seemed to have left all that behind as Alan almost threw her onto the bed. She flushed as she surveyed the three men before her. All with growing erections. The similar sized cocks, all uncut and above the mythical average length of six inches had a healthy girth too, especially Joe’s, who was the oldest of the three men. It was he who fell upon her kissing her mouth, roughly. His tongue pressing eagerly into her mouth with a fervour that suggested he hadn’t done this in a while. She felt her legs being prised apart and realised it was Marcus examining her pussy briefly before attaching his mouth to her mound, licking tentatively at the folds of her sweet pussy. She couldn’t help but open her legs wider to allow this sensuous serpent free and more open access. She grabbed a handful of his wild-man hair and thrust herself into his devouring mouth. As Joe began to straddle her she noticed Alan, cock in hand and rubbing gently as he watched and delighted in the scene.... his younger charge, his American import, about to be ravaged. He was biding his time, contemplating an entry, yet didn’t want to give up on this voyeuristic view just yet.

Joe placed his knees at either side of Beth’s slim frame. His veined cocked, angrily erect, foreskin rolled back, hovering like a weapon above her head. " Lick my balls you little slut," he demanded. She had little choice, but showed no sign of doubts as her tongue flicked around the hanging scrotum; Joe wanking furiously as she tantalised his overloaded sac, her viper like tongue writhing across his balls sending him wild. A few seconds of this was too much for Alan, he wanted a piece of the action. "Turn her over ... Beth! Get on all fours honey," he directed. She obliged without protest beginning to relish this scrutiny from three pairs of sex hungry male eyes, six equally voracious hands groping and exploring her firm body. Marcus, still feasting on her young cunt protested but to no avail. Alan was in charge here it was plain to see.

"Shut up! There’s plenty of time to eat the bitch. I want to see her sucking on Joe and me." The two of them knelt at her head as she assumed that classic fucking position - her cute rounded arse waving in the air, almost beckoning Marcus to push something somewhere, anywhere. Her mind was all over the place...she thought briefly of home...her safe, boring home.... and a veil of pure wickedness enveloped her...those straight bastards.... those boring blinkered fuckas.... she mused as she revelled in her new slut status.... the only status worth anything in the scene she now found herself. Mmmm she considered as hands groped, felt, kneaded and pulled on her...Mmmmm yesss I am just a fucking slut whore.... if only for today.... fuck anything else. Anybody else...fuck it! FUCK THEM!!!

She surrendered to the men’s demanding and incessant pace. Marcus had buried his cock deep into her moist and well-lubricated pussy, he was pounding into Beth now, uttering only the most basic primeval grunts, her tits wobbling and bouncing. This didn’t escape Al’s attention as he reached under her with one hand and tightly gripped a swaying nipple, twisting it until she shrieked out. "Aagh, yes, yess!" She began to spiral towards a plain she’d never reached before. "Oh!" She gasped, "Yesss, Yesss, Fuck meee!"

"Shut up you little whore," said Joe, offering... nay imposing his angry looking meat on to her sweet American mouth..."suck him you bitch,’’ ordered Alan, "suck that old fucking cock you cheap slut." She looked into Alan’s eyes as Joe began to fuck her mouth. What he saw in those eyes told him she was relishing every second of this and any final reservations he had about welfare dissolved as his basic instincts took over. The older man grabbed a handful of her long red hair and wrapped it tightly around his clenched fist, feeding her his gnarled meat as she switched her gaze to him.... he was in ecstasy as her cheeks billowed, and the form of his thick, stiff prick distorted the shape of her cheeks. He could see her delicate lips stretched tight around his shaft. Alan grabbed hair now and pulled her off Joe’s swollen knob...."Here Beth you Bitch.... I’ve got a fuckin’ present for you..." She began to feel slightly disorientated but still aware as Marcus inserted a finger into her arsehole, he loobed it up with her cunt juices and it was in to the hilt...this caught Joe’s eye...."Oh yes. Fuck her boy, fuck the bitches ass." The cock in her pussy was fucking hard with alternated strokes to the digit lodged up her tighter anus...she was enjoying the sensation as she looked up at Alan with those big green eyes, his cock completely filling her slut mouth. A lascivious leer on his face as he arrogantly bucked his hips, fucking her face.

Joe slid underneath her, keen to get a close view of the action as his nephew fucked this gift from heaven. He got a hand tight on her buttocks and spread her wider, slapping her arse in the process - she gagged on Alan. "Mmmmm, you like that don’t you Beth.... just a little slap.... you naughty girl.... you bad girl..."He withdrew his cock from her mouth, a slight look of deprived disappointment on her sweet face, he slapped her cheek with his cock, playfully at first then harder. She baulked slightly, but took it without protest, "We’re gonna fuck you senseless you little cheap slag............"

He re-inserted his knob into her mouth, shagged her gob again. At Joe’s insistence he had replaced Marcus’ finger with two of his own, from somewhere he’d produced a glob of Vaseline to loosen up the obliging orifice. The bitch was almost in full flight now.... but Alan wanted still more. " Marcus - get up here.... fuck her mouth.... I want her arse..." Almost as if obeying a military order the tousle haired stud pulled from her dripping cunt, replacing Alan at Beth’s head. He’s enjoyed the little slapping he’d seen and couldn’t resist a wack or two across her cheeks with his meat. Beth, who was proving a natural, was enjoying all of this and actually smiled as he punished her flexible cheeks. Her bright, shining eyes darting everywhere, focusing on male flesh and rampant cocks. Alan bade Joe to turn around and slide further under Beth, whose arched back was now glistening with sweat. "Knob her cunt..." Joe managed to ease his cock into Beth’s love hole without any problem and grasping her hips again he began to push up and down.... fucking the eager little slut with some aplomb. 

Alan could see her head bobbing up and down on Marcus’ dick and eager for some good hard fucking he worked first a couple of fingers into her back passage. Clinically and methodically he fucked them in, out, in, out, stretching her little shit hole ever wider the deeper he went. Beth was in rapture, moaning, groaning.... all thoughts abandoned now, just an animalistic urge and desire to fuck, suck and fuck some more.

Alan was growing even harder and introduced his cock to Beth’s little anal ring. Savouring the sight as he began to insert it slowly, the helmet disappearing into her back box...mmm stretched tight around it...Joe still fucking her cunt.... He slapped her ass twice, hard, which didn’t faze her at all... He worked the rest of his rock hard cock deep up her ever-yielding asshole. The feeling was more than exquisite, a tight, warm sheath of fucking pleasure.... totally unnatural, not where nature intended...but all the more satisfying for that he powered into her as she emitted muffled cries and shrieks, stifled by Marcus’ cock plugging her dirty little mouth. The sweat on his brow formed quickly as he and Marcus exchanged an intense stare - they were fucking the hell out of this willing bitch. It was a power trip of the highest order; she had melted to putty in their hands and abandoned herself to their every whim. She had spread her labia with the index and ring finger of her left hand...the middle finger was furiously self-pleasing her clitoris, inducing paroxysms of lust and abandon. 

The inevitable explosion was not long in coming...Alan felt Joe’s knob shagging Beth’s quim through the thin membrane dividing these glorious orifices.... It was an extra thrill to feel him taking her twat.... Marcus unloaded first...she couldn’t cope with the oral flood and thick steamy semen dribbled down from the corners of her mouth.... a millisecond later Joe’s climax flooded her pussy with plumes of equally viscous seed...Alan still powering into her arsehole could contain him self no longer and as wave after wave of orgasm consumed his new lover, he felt the ecstasy mount in his loins as ropes of gooey cum. Wodges of the stuff shot in spectacular fashion up Beth’s ravaged ass. "MMmmmmmmmmm babeeeeee," he groaned, barely audible as the three men collapsed on to Beth’s sweat soaked and totally used nubile form...she had streaks of cum on her lips and cheeks, her matted, now unkempt hair affording a delightfully dishevelled look as she turned to Alan and smiled sweetly, that smile of the damned, a wanton smile that screamed, "I’m a wicked bitch, but you love me for it."

He gazed with wonderment and a kind of twisted admiration for her...smiled back...and wondered how he had gotten so lucky.