 In the late sixties, "Garage Bands" were abundant. Our community was no exception. I had great rhythm in my head but was unable to make my hands play the necessary instruments. Light shows were also a great part of the total experience. With the beat going on in my head, I was a natural in controlling all the knobs and switches that would earn me the right to be "Part of the Band".

In almost every area of town were Recreation Centers where they would hold and sponsor a "Battle of the Bands" contests. We played many of the venues and also toured surrounding towns and local schools for dances and the like. We didn't really have what you'd call "Groupies", that followed you from one gig to the other, although some chicks seemed to be at most places.

One girl comes to mind right off. Her name was Robin and she would be at all the "Battle of the Bands" a contest at Maxwell Recreation Center, which we entered every time. Several bands would be set up around the gymnasium, as many as 6. The lights would go out as the bands played. Only the light show from the bands would light up the gym. With the multicolored spotlights, strobe lights, kaleidoscopes, water projectors and other special effects we had created, seemed to mesmerize Robin. I would watch her from my chair behind the lighting control console next to the stage. She would be gently swaying as if in a trance. I would watch her and try to send a telepathic pulse to make her look my way.

Robin was tall, about 5' 8" with a slender build. Mini skirts and halter tops were the general dress for most of the girls of the time. Robin was no exception. Her skirts were always very short. So short in fact that the bottom of her asscheeks would show with almost any and every move she made. Her halters and crop tops were the type that would tie in the back and of course no bra was worn and her breasts were very firm. Guys would try to untie her top in hopes to see those pert breasts. As those boys would try their little games, she would push them away or slap at them. Between advances she would turn her attention back to the show. I put the strobe lights on during the organ and drum duet of "Magic Carpet Ride" by Steppenwolf, which we extended for more impact. I leaned back in my chair and lit a cigarette. Sending my "Hey, Look over here." waves her way. I was hopeful this time. Then our eyes met. With a big smile and a stir between my legs, I gave her a little wave. To my surprise, she smiled and with her arm bent at the elbow and her hand next to her breast, she wiggled her fingers in what I found to be a teasing wave back. 

After our "Set" was over we waited to see if we would continue in the "Battle". The next band started and we headed outside to cool down and have a smoke. Just before going out the door, I looked back inside and Robin was talking to hot looking chick that was also at Maxwell's contests. Robin pointed towards the door and the girl looked my way and nodded. Robin started walking across the wooden gym floor. Those long legs carried her sensual frame with fluid motion. It was as if she were gliding instead of walking. I always knew angels glided.

I went on outside with the guys, pretending not to notice her coming my way. We stopped just outside and began discussing whether or not we would be called back and if we were, what songs to play. As Robin pushed open the inner doors, I saw that she was looking right at me. Excusing myself from the other guys, I slowly walked to the corner of the building. Robin pushed the outer doors open next to the guys and her gaze searched quickly for me. I made sure she saw me, as I went around the corner of the building. I knew that if she was really looking or coming for me that it would only be a couple of seconds till we met.

I leaned against the building. It was the darker side and was perfect for our first encounter. I took a deep breath and a long drag from my Marlboro. I heard a voice, soft and low, "Hello?" I turned my head and there she was, peering around the corner. She smiled and came on around in full view. I was actually stunned by her beauty.

Robin's hair was straight and shoulder length. Cut in a shag. Her bangs were cut straight and touched her thin eyebrows. She had big round eyes, I couldn't tell the color, due to the darkness but her eye make up was perfect. She wore no facial make up because her face was tanned and didn't need any. Her luscious lips were full and painted bright red and as she smiled she revealed perfect white teeth.

"Hello," I said. "My name is Bill and may I ask your name?"

"Robin," she responded.

"How do you like our band?" trying to make conversation.

"You guys are really boss. My sister and I dig the way you do the lights. We always come when we see that you're on the posters."

"Yeah I've seen you here several times but I didn't think you noticed me." I said, kind of whiney.

"I watch you all the time. I was just afraid that you wouldn't talk to me. I figured you already had a date here." She responded.

"I never bring a chick with me because I hope that I will make a new friend. Would you be interested in hanging out with me by the stage and on breaks?" I asked. 

Robin stepped closer, put her hands on my hips, lifted her head and kissed me. Her lips were moist and slippery. Our tongues toyed with one another's and probed in and out. Breaking off, she asked, "Did that answer your question?"

"Yeah, may I have another?" I hoped she'd say yes. She pressed her body full onto me, pushing me against the wall. I felt her firm tits against me. Our legs were between one another's and our pelvises rubbed together. Our making out lasted several minutes. Then, face-to-face our tongues circled and flicked and licked.

I asked, "Would you like to go over to the pits, or would you want to sit in my friends car?"

With a smile, she said, "It's a pretty warm night, why don't we go to the pits. Besides I like playing around outside."

With no objection on my part, I took her hand and went to find my band members to see what was happening.

Robin went to the bathroom while I talked to the guys. We made it to the next round and had about 30 minutes until we were on again. This was perfect, I thought, as I saw Robin come out of the bathroom with the dark haired chick. They talked for a minute and looked my direction. Robin and the chick walked up to me and Robin introduced me. "Bill, this is my older sister, Patsy."

"Hi," I said." Robin said you all are going to the pits." Patsy queried.

"Well, you better be nice to her and not hurt her or I'll have to kick your ass."

"I promise. I'll be the perfect gentleman." I said sincerely.

"Good, now have fun." Patsy said, smiling as she patted Robin's firm ass. "We will, Bill guaranteed it." Giggling Robin took my hand and off we went. The "Pits" was a place where kids rode their bikes and some kids had dirt bikes and motorcycles. The dirt bikers shared the mounds of soft dirt with the bicyclists. The rows and mounds were like the hills of dirt or gravel that you park on at a drive-in only taller. You would have to walk to the top of the mounds in order to see into the next valley. There were outcrops of bushes along the hills except where the bike trails were. Robin and I strolled along with our arms around our waists. Deeper into the pits we walked. Stopping occasionally between mounds to get us worked up by standing close and entwining our legs, making out with no regard of our surroundings. A large brushy area, very dense, appeared and we made our way to the secluded greenery. It evidently had been visited before, because there were a couple of large pieces of fairly new cardboard lying next to the bushes. Like the cardboard I knew I'd be laying or getting laid by those bushes.

We sat down with our arms about each other. Robin's legs were together. Her knees bent and her feet flat on the ground. The short skirt covered very little. My eyes adjusted to the darkness quickly. Her slender legs were smooth and shapely. My hand glided easily from her ankle, up over her knee, and back down the underside of her silky thighs. I gently brushed my fingers across her panties. Robin's hidden pussy was warm and wet. There was no conversation as we proceeded to quench our lustful desires. We made out heavily and greedily groped one another. Robin stood up; I thought she was going to leave.

"Where are you going?" I asked.

"The only place I am going," she paused and unzipped her skirt. It fell to the ground. Hooking her thumbs in the waist of her panties, she slid them over her tight buttocks. Wriggling from side to side, they fell atop the skirt. "Like I was saying," she whispered, "The only place I am going is down on you." My heart skipped a beat as she straddled me. Her neatly trimmed pussy hovered above my cock. The pants I wore that night were custom made. Very low cut hip huggers. Tight from my crotch to my knees and then flared out to giant bell-bottoms. Being as tight as they were and also a thin material, my cock had a hard time finding the space to get ready for her hot pussy. The crotch was so tight that you could easily see my cock expanding and the ridge around the head was clearly visible. Robin didn't wait for my cock to burst out. Her hands expertly unsnapped my belt, unbuttoned and unzipped the 4-inch zipper. 

I pulled my pants down over my ass and with the freedom from its confinements; my cock grew hard, instantaneously. Robin's smooth body lay atop me. She gently rubbed against me with her firm tits. Kissing my neck softly her lips made their way down my body and with no hesitation, slipped my rigid cock between her lips. Her mouth and throat surrounding my pulsing member made me hump her face as if I were fucking her pussy. After only a couple of minutes I was about to shoot my load into her mouth. Robin withdrew her face from my crotch and without missing a stroke she straddled me and sank her hot snatch onto my stiff shaft. Almost immediately, Robin had her first orgasm. I could feel the wetness of her pussy increase and trickle onto my balls and thighs. She quivered and let out a moan as she ground her pubic mound hard against mine.

I continued to fuck her as if we had just begun. We rolled over, me on top. My arms holding my upper body up off her. I looked down at this angels face. Robin hooked her legs up around my waist.

"Harder, harder, harder, fuck me harder, bump my pussy hard, that's it, ooohhhh yeah!" Robin came again with more ferocity than before. I felt my balls contract as I blasted a heavy load of cum into her. 

We slowly humped as we both let our orgasms surge through our bodies. Savoring every feeling and sensation. Our sweaty bodies pressed together we rolled onto our sides. My cock still inside her, we softly made out. Between wet kisses, Robin whispered, "I've never been with a boy who didn't cum before I did, in fact I usually don't get to cum at all."

"I try to do my best." I replied.

"Will you come over sometime?" Robin asked, smiling.

"Yeah I'd like that." Smiling back.

We got up and dressed, watching her every moment as she watched me and went back to the Rec. Center. My band played the next set and during the trophy presentation, Robin and her sister stood next tome. The third place band received their award. I had my arm around Robin's shoulders. Her arm was around my waist. Her other hand was holding mine against her breast.

Suddenly I felt someone's hand on my ass, and then it moved down to my inner thigh. I looked at Robin; she was looking up at the stage. The roaming hand moved slightly up and down and gently all around my ass and up between my legs. I looked at her sister and our eyes met. The girl smiled slightly and winked at me as she puckered her lips gently together and kissed the air sending her thoughts and actions directly at me. Not knowing how to react, seeing as how I had just fucked her sister, I just smiled and hoped Robin wouldn't notice her sister molesting my ass and crotch.

We took second place that night and with that announcement, Robin turned to me and kissed me hard. Before leaving Robin gave me her address and phone number and told me to give her a call.

A few minutes later as I was packing up the equipment her awesome sister, with the roaming hands, handed me piece of paper. Written on it was her phone number and address. She said, almost demandingly, "Call and come over anytime during the day." She gave me a short peck on the cheek and a quick squeeze of my ass and added, "Tomorrow would be good."

" Alright, I'll call about noon." I said.

"That'll be perfect." Responding quickly.

She disappeared out the door. Tomorrow wouldn't come quick enough for me.

After tossing and turning most of the night, the sun finally pierced the darkness. I watched the clock and tried to keep busy to help make the time pass a little quicker. Nothing seemed to help, 7, 8, 9 O'clock came and went. I was going to wait until 11 O'clock to make my call, but anticipation and expectations of what may occur overwhelmed me. I picked up the phone, glanced at the kitchen clock and started to dial the number that was scribbled on the crumpled paper. It was only 10 O'clock. Was I too early? Should I hang up? What am I going to say? My mind was racing. Suddenly the phone was answered. A sultry voice, sounding as if I had wakened her, greeted me.

"Hello?" the voice asked.

"Uh hi." I stammered.

"Who is this?" The girl asked, sounding a little more awake now.

"This is Bill. I met you at Maxwell last night. I'm with the band. You know, I run the light show?" Trying to give her all the info I could. I wasn't sure to whom I was speaking to. It could have been Robin, her sister or even their mother, for all I knew. The voice perked up and said, "Hi, I'm glad you called. Will you be able to come over?" I didn't hesitate, "Yeah, what time is good for you?"

"Ummmm let me think. You did catch me in bed and I'm just waking up. So how about noonish?" She asked.

"I'll be there." I responded, not even knowing whom I was actually making a date with.

"I can hardly wait." She sounded excited.

"Ok, I'll be there around twelve." I promised. The voice said "Bye" and the phone clicked to a dial tone. My heart was pounding as I put the receiver down in its cradle. YES! I exclaimed inside. I jumped into the shower and was ready to go in no time. Looking at the slip of crumpled paper, I studied the address and realized that they lived only 5 blocks away.

The clock on the wall chimed once telling me it was 11:30 am and I headed out. 

I rode that five blocks on my bike in record time. I dumped my bike in the yard and hurried onto the porch. I was early and I hoped it wasn't too early. A quick check of my appearance and I knocked on the door. There was no answer for a few minutes. At the same instant that I was about to knock again, the door swung open. Expecting to see the girl's mother, I was pleasantly surprised to see Patsy.

"Hi, remember me?" I asked. Pushing open the screen door, Patsy stepped out with one foot on the porch and the other just inside. Her arm outstretched to hold the screen for me. The dark hair that framed her smooth, non-blemished face was shiny and flowed like silk. She was wearing some type of a robe. It was actually more like a smoking jacket. The jacket was short and I could see the satin smooth, tanned legs. The hem started at the intersection of her upper thighs and the beginning of her slightly revealed firm and golden buttocks. The short jacket was being held closed only by a rope like belt and it was not tied very tightly. In fact it was so loosely tied that it almost wasn't tied at all. With her arm extended holding the door, as it was, made the jacket open at her shoulders. My eyes followed the opening down. Looking at the creamy skin and stopped at her bronze tanned breasts. The "V" shape of the lapels on the jacket was opened and the edges ran just on the edge of the darker circle around her nipples. I couldn't stop the tingling that was developing in my pants. There was no telling home much time had passed or even how long I stared at her body. I heard Patsy's voice, "Bill, why don't you come on in."

Taking my eyes away from her tits, I quickly scanned her exposed front again. Patsy's tan was golden and perfect. Her very smooth and supple skin seemed to invite me to touch and caress it. The next thing I knew Patsy grasped the top of my hip huggers at the belt buckle and more or less pulled me inside, closing the door behind us. The living room was fairly dark. Patsy had the draperies closed most of the way. Allowing only a sliver of light to cut through the darkness. The house was very quiet. Patsy crossed in front of me. Turning on a lamp on the table next to the sofa. With the added light I was once again was able to admire her very hot body.

"Can I get you anything?" she asked.

"Anything?" I taunted as I sat down near the center of the sofa.

"Well, yes at least anything that I am able to give you." Patsy answered.

"Hmm, let me see, I really like that jacket you are wearing. Do you think it would fit me?" I asked.

Without saying a word, Patsy stepped in right front of me. Her legs were slightly apart. She placed her feet on either side of mine.

"I don't know." She whispered as she slowly untied the loose-knotted belt. Patsy rolled her shoulders back as she opened the jacket allowing the garment to slide gently over them. Holding her arms straight down and slightly behind her, the jacket slid down and landed in a heap behind her.

Leaning forward and reaching for the jacket, I placed one hand on the side of her tender thigh. Immediately goose bumps appeared and covered her naked leg. My other hand reached down and behind her for the jacket, which put my face right at hip level. I could hardly believe this was happening. After all, I did fuck her sister Robin the night before. Never the less, here I was, my face 2 inches from Patsy's neatly trimmed snatch. Instead of picking up the jacket, I started at Patsy's ankle and lightly began to run my fingertips up her leg. Her legs were firm and extremely smooth. Gently stroking Patsy's calves and my hands making their way upwards behind her knees. I traced the small triangular shape of her short, neatly cropped pubic area with my tongue. The scent of her womanhood combined with the suntan oil excited me. I caressed the back of her thighs. Patsy began slowly thrusting her hips back and forth as I grasped her tight ass with both hands. Spreading her legs further apart allowing me to put my tongue right at the opening of her now moist pussy.

"Lick me, lick my slit!" she moaned.

I pulled her snatch into my face and ran my tongue between her pussy lips. With my nose buried in her trimmed bush and my tongue licking between her legs and then circling her clit. I slowly slid my tongue between her now open pussy. Getting as much of her cunt juices as I could.

"I want to fuck you with my tongue." I muttered from between her legs. As if we had been together many times before. We changed positions without say a word. Lying down on my back, resting my head on the arm of the couch. I watched Patsy as she straddled my head. With one foot on the floor and her knee on the arm of the sofa, next to my head she slowly lowered her snatch closer to my face. The pussy before me was probably the hottest and best-looking pussy I had ever seen. Where as I don't turn down many chicks that want me to eat them out. Some pussies don't look too appetizing but Patsy's was the exception. It was the most appealing I had seen to this date. I could hardly wait for her to plant that cunt directly onto my face. I took my eyes away from her approaching vagina and looked up her smooth flat stomach and saw her rubbing and pinching her nipples. Our eyes met and she licked her lips and smiled.
