 This is a story jointly written by myself and Baby Girl, Scheh. Thanks for the inspiration and for sharing Molly for the weekend. All participants are over the age of 18. Well over. 

His:

Do you remember the time at the lake? The time you, Molly and I all went to the cabin? You and I had been several times with friends so it was a comfortable setting, but Molly was dubious. No electricity. No phone. Heating was a wood stove; although there was a propane cooking stove. Oh, and the deck. Remember the deck overlooking the lake? With the hot tub. Gina and the raven- haired chick...skinny with the pierced pussy lips. I forget her name. Anyway, they got busy in the tub and we all sat there and watched. Oh good times.

We came across the lake in the boat. The weather was iffy to begin with and a summer squall caught us about half way across the lake. Drenched us to the skin. We dashed to the cabin with our gear getting furthered soaked. We looked like drowned rats.

Hers:

I remember it well. Chloe was the pierced girl. Pretty Chloe, she smelled of what was it...lemons! That struck me as so funny and a little more than sexy.

Our Molly, always so cautious. Sweet child.

I do love that deck. The times we've had there, lover...oh me, oh my. And the hundred yard dash in the rain...I was a wet mess when we got to the cabin. And don't think I've forgotten that you left me YOUR gear to run with, you stinker.

My favorite part of that particular trip was when you carried me back out in the rain, after we dropped our gear in the cabin, and kissed me. The way you scooped me up in the cabin the second our gear hit the floor was endearing. I could not imagine what in the world you were doing. But the moment we were outside and our lips locked (and by extension our hearts), I knew EXACTLY what you were doing. That kiss enveloped my soul. The smell of the rain, the forest, us...bliss.

His:

I remember looking over your shoulder as we embraced seeing Molly looking out the window. Looking like a bit of a waif; wet and cold but with longing in her eyes.

The rain poured down over us as we kissed. I love the feeling of the heat of your body against mine contrasted with the cold rain. Forehead to forehead: our intimate huddle where we often call our carnal plays, I sense you have a plan.

"Daddy...I want some time with Molly. Just she and I..." you pause gauging my reaction then rush ahead "I know you wanted time with both of us and you will, I promise you will but I just am in a mood for just some girl time. It's the rain or something. I just want...no....I need...oh, it's hard to explain but please, daddy, I'll make it really good for you later."

You know I am a push over for your pleadings. I understand your needs.

"I understand, baby girl. Enjoy! I'll start a fire and make myself scarce."

We kiss and walk hand in hand to the cabin. I can feel your pulse racing as you squeeze my hand. We both smile at Molly as we climb the stairs.

"Thank you, daddy"

"You are welcome, baby girl. Do your magic"

Hers:

Upon entering Molly greets us with her radiant smile. I squeeze your hand and make my way over to her.

I raise my hands to her head and lower it to meet my face.

"Blossom, tonight you and I are going to spend some girl time together. Not as mistress and charge, but two women enjoying each other as lovers. I am so proud of your progress. I want to pamper you tonight. Daddy has been kind enough to allow us this time together."

"Oh daddy! Thank you so much!" *she is obviously touched by your generosity.*

"Now, let's go get cleaned up." I tell Molly and kiss her lips softly. A peck if you will.

I go to my gear bag and remove my "toy" box. I can feel you grinning. I also grab my toiletry bag. As I do, you notice me palm an article of clothing.

What is my little minx up to, you wonder.

Molly's eyes are lit up like this is Christmas morning.

"Come blossom. I want you to thoroughly enjoy yourself. I want to spoil you." *I take her hand and we make our way to the bedroom.*

You watch us as we enter the hallway, Molly holding my hand and leading me. What man wouldn't watch as two women who adore him go to love first each other and then him.

No doubt, your mind is filled with thoughts of female flesh pressed against female flesh. You notice I have a hand behind my back; the hand that palmed the article of clothing. I open it, and to any other onlooker, a white silk scarf drapes down the small of my back and ass. Ah, but to you, lover, to you a blindfold is released...

His:

I sigh a quiet sigh of resignation. These next hours are yours. I slide out of my wet clothes into my fleece pants.

I start a fire in the wood stove and hope the heat warms and dries the living area. The bedroom will warm soon enough. As I start dinner, I am imagining what must be going on in the lofted bedroom overhead.

Hers:

Molly and I enter the bedroom and strip out of our cold, wet clothes.

"Mama, she says, I am so excited." The glee in her eyes is unmistakable.

"Molly, for tonight, you can call me by my name. I'm not here to train you, but to savor you." She gives me a great, big hug and I kiss her cheek.

I can tell she is anxious, so as I am brushing out her hair, I talk to her.

"Molly girl, I know you have been looking forward to this girl time and I have as well, and I remember being your age and anxious to play. Daddy still has to work with ME some days about that. But I want you to let me pleasure your whole body today. Not race to the orgasm. Well you indulge me that far?"

"Of course, Yvette." "That feels funny saying your name." she giggles. "I'd love that really."

"Excellent, I'm glad to hear that. Now, one more indulgence." I show her the blindfold. She of course knows all about it.

"Please wear it, not as punishment, but to heighten the experience. To allow you to focus on your other senses more."

"That sounds wonderful!" She looks as though she truly means it.

I position it around her eyes and lay her back on the bed.

"Now just relax for a minute, Molly. I'm going to prepare some things."

I come down and light a candle to take up with me. I retrieve a bottle of scotch from my gear bag and pour two glasses.

"Done so soon..." you call to me.

"Not a chance, lover." I kiss you on the top of your head and hand you one of the glasses of scotch. "Did you bring cigars?"

"Of course I did."

"Good man."

I know exactly where they would be in your gear bag and am not disappointed when I reach in and find them right away.

"I'm taking one up and here's one for you." I strike a match and wait for the cigar to light. "Give me an hour with our girl, then head up. Enter quietly so she doesn't know you're there. I want to reveal your presence slowly." I tweak your nipple and try to scoot before you swat my ass...too late...SWAT!

"Maybe I will and maybe I won't."

"Pretty please."

"Fine, pushy broad."

I kiss your mouth softly and clink glasses with you. We each have a sip. I kiss you a little more deeply this time. I pull away and stroke the side of your face as I head back upstairs.

"One hour" my voice fades as I head back up...

His:

I inhale your lingering scent. Even though you've been drenched in rain, you still smell fresh and womanly. I settle back in the old arm chair. I savor the scotch, cigar and your lingering kiss. The stove crackles and pops as it warms the cabin. Dinner is simmering. Distant thunder rumbles down in the valley. My cock has raised a remarkable tent in my pants as thoughts of you and Molly only serve to increase the throbbing. Pulling my cock from it's confines I stroke and tease the helmet. My hand feels good but nothing in comparison with what lies ahead.

Hers:

I am grinning thinking about your swat to my ass as I enter the room with my goodies.

As much as I love your cock I am looking forward to this time with Molly. She is stretched out on the bed, breathing slowly and steadily; the picture of relaxation.

I place the candle on the dresser and the cigar and matches on the night table.

I sip the scotch and place a finger in it. I place to finger on Molly's lips. Her tongue flicks my finger and she licks her lips.

"Mmm, you brought scotch. Smells wonderful."

"Sit up on your elbows, blossom and I'll give you a sip."

She does so and I bring the glass to her lips and cup the back of her head. She inhales from the glass and then sips the amber nectar. I have another sip before setting the glass down.

"Settle back now, Molly. Let the scotch warm you up."

I light the cigar and savor the aroma.

"Is daddy in here?" Molly inquires.

I laugh, "No, blossom, that's me. I'm smoking the cigar." I have a pull as I watch her grin.

"You smoke cigars?" she is tickled I think.

"Not all the time, but occasionally. I like to kiss a woman when she tastes of scotch and cigar. It's very sexy. I think you'll like it as well."

I set the cigar down and lean in to kiss her. We have kissed countless times, but this time, is even more erotic; the smells, the cabin, the rain. Knowing you are downstairs waiting, undoubtedly touching yourself heightens my delight in kissing my girl.

Our tongues play, one hand holds her face, the other caresses her arms, neck, breasts. She has been taught to keep her hands to herself in training, I take her hand in mine and guide it to my breast. Ever the quick learner, she pulls my nipple and I moan in her mouth.

"Mmm, Molly, that feels fantastic. I let her roll and pull the nipple for a moment longer, but place my hand over hers to stop her.

"This is your time, blossom. You can attend to my needs later."

I lean in to kiss her some more. I throw a leg over her thigh, our breasts press together as we kiss. I pull away and straddle her. Putting her hands above her head, I splay my fingers and rub them down the length of her arms, her neck, breasts, tummy, thighs, legs, feet. I make the return trip using my mouth. Licking, nibbling, sucking my way back up, making my way to her mound.

"Oh Yvette, that is amazing." Her hands are in my hair. Massaging my head. I grin in my head, I haven't gotten to the amazing part yet, girl. Just wait.

I spread her legs apart using my knee and use my hands to massage the area all around her pussy, taking care not to touch any girl parts. Just the area right beside it. She is making that wonderful sound she makes when her arousal is peaking and the ache is getting bad.

I let my fingers graze the lips and her knees shoot up. She drops them to the bed, opening herself up to me.

I use my middle finger to trace the slit, she is very wet. I take my finger and place it in her mouth. I kiss her with her finger still in her mouth.

"You're delicious, Molly."

I slide a finger in her hole and she grabs me and pulls me close.

"Oh please, Yvette..."

"Oh please what, blossom..."

"Eat me, I want to cum in your mouth so bad."

"Not just yet, Molly."

"Oh god, please, please. I need the release."

"You do, baby. You need that orgasm."

"Oh god yes. Please."

"Let me see what I can do."

She whimpers.

As I'm spreading her legs wide to get my whole mouth on it, a hand on my shoulder. You've entered and are at the bedside. Your cock is like steel. I grin at you and cock my thumb twice at the chair in the corner. I put a finger to my lips and mouth, shhhh...

You sit and watch. Cheshire cat grin on your face...I start my magic. When my mouth makes contact Molly gasps, "Oh, fuck!"

His:

I slide out of my pants and shirt. The sexual energy in the room is intense. The old overstuffed chair is positioned perfectly for viewing. Not where I remember it from the last visit so I sense your thoughtfulness yet again. You are on your knees and your legs are spread enough that I can see your puffy and wet sex. You are loving this aren't you? I keep meaning to ask you if you giving pleasure to another is enough to make you cum. You devour Molly like a starving man but at the same time it is tender and loving. Just a touch of urgency, but at the same time deliberate and methodical. I sense you wanting to prolong your enjoyment.

My cock is hard. I am teasing and fondling summing all the will power that I have not to resort to full stroking mode. The scene before me is the most erotic I've experienced. High definition. Surround sound full color and the added scent of women. If they ever figured out how to get a scent track on movies, you'd double the attendance in porn theaters.

Molly isn't well endowed but her breasts are perfect. The nipples are no doubt hard enough to cut glass as they say. Her breathing is ragged. You are doing a splendid job of keeping her just below the edge. Maximum pleasure. Your hands move across her body knowing all off the pleasure points.

Hers:

I am relishing the time you've allowed me to spend with our girl. I am still amazed by how wonderful she tastes. And her womanly musk makes me never want to breath plain air again. Knowing you are in the room only heightens my excitement.

I keep Molly on the edge of orgasm, but am finding it difficult not to cum myself. I begin masturbating the sheets. The friction of the sheets is delicious against my clit. I am losing focus on poor Molly, but my release is near. I retain enough focus to rub her pearl with thumb and now my orgasm is upon me.

"Oh fuck!" I cry as the orgasm washes over me. I moan and whimper as the waves hit me. This is just enough to send Molly over the edge and she cums against my thumb.

I can only imagine what all this female orgasm looks like from your vantage point as your two gems cum in unison.

After the final waves wash over us, we cuddle next to one another. Molly moves to remove her blindfold.

"Not yet, blossom. I've only just begun loving you."

"Oh, Yvette, you spoil me." Molly throws a leg over me as I kiss her lovely mouth.

I motion you over to the bed.

His:

Your combined orgasm is sexual rush unlike any I've ever experienced. It is almost indescribable. Like being inside an orgasm. Like having one of my own but not having the physical release. Watching you orgasm is an incredible sight. A pleasure nuke. Fusion and fission.

I approach the bed. Despite my maturity I am trembling. The erotic intensity of the moment beyond compare.

You smile as I approach the bed. Your face a mixture of post orgasmic bliss and the looks of a kid on Christmas morning. Tilting your face up word I kids you. It's an easy kiss. One we have done a thousand times but this kiss was special. Your passion and the taste of Molly on your lips gives me a surge of sexual energy unlike any I have experienced. Even you tongue seems charge with sexual energy.

Still eager and needy to please. Out of the corner of my eye, I see Molly tremble. She senses my presence and I have no doubt that she knows who else has entered into the sapphic sanctum.

Your hand moves along my thighs, careful to avoid too much contact with my balls and cock. You sense that I am extremely charged and don't want spoil the moment.

Oddly your kisses have a calming effect. You give me comfort. You clearly know me well. Knowing when to push and when to pull back. My hands find their way to your breasts. Those too comfort me.

You coax me on to the bed. You roll to the opposite side of Molly, on your knees with me kneeling next to Molly's head. We kiss yet again. You gently place my cock on Molly's lips.

"Molly, my love, tonight we are sharing Daddy. He is ours for the evening: yours and mine. Explore and enjoy!"

Together the two of you begin to kiss and lick my cock. My hands roam freely about her body. As my finger tips graze her nipples she moans.

"Such pretty and firm breasts, right Daddy? Perfect for sucking."

I take the hint and take a nipple in my mouth. And you the other. Licking and sucking. Teasing and squeezing. Molly is in complete heaven. Face to face with Molly prone between us, we embrace.

Your fingers move between your legs and into your wet tunnel. Your fingers emerge wet with your potent juice. I feel your fingers on my cock as you spread the slick juices on my shaft. Again you offer Molly my cock. This time flavored with essence of Yvette. Molly moans and eagerly sucks my steel. It is my turn to moan. You face mirrors my pleasure. You watch both my face and Molly's. Clearly you are pleased. As am I. Very pleased.

Hers:

I can tell your release is near. I leave the bed, come up behind you and press my breasts against your back. I slip a finger in your ass and whisper in your ear, "Cum for me, daddy.

His:

I intake a breath. Your finger surprises me. It's not like we have never been there before, but the element of surprise adds to the moment. Your movement is fluid and certain. The heat of your body increases the sensation. Your hard nipples and the firmness of your contact initiate the final sequence. As if on que, Molly senses the chain reaction and closes her lips around my shaft. Someday I'll figure out how that information is transmitted through my cock but now is not the time for engineering.

Your finger presses deeper and you begin to thrust against me. Rythmically pressing my cock deeper in to the beautiful woman on the bed. I moan as together we fuck Molly's face. The intensity and pace increases. "Ohhhh...God....that feels so good..." My voice ragged. Breathing in short gasps..."cum daddy. Cum in Molly's mouth" I hear in my ear. Your perfume...ohhh it's all so overwhelming. The rumbling in my balls..."ohhhh fuck...fuck...baaaaby....fuuuuuuuck" your free hand finds my nipple. With perfect timing you pinch. In a most unromantic way I moan, gurgle, and thrust. The hot seed spilling into the eager and soft mouth. "cuuuuummming". The pinch of my nipple hard and your finger deep in my ass I spend. Every nerve ending sending pleasure signals to my brain. Ohhhhh God baby! Yes! Fucking yes!"

Hers:

"Oh daddy, that's it...let it go..." I press myself against you. Molly moans and I can hear her swallowing. As your body relaxes I remove my finger and guide you to the bed, between Molly and me. You hold your girls in the nook of your arms and we rest. The smell in the room in delicious. Sex in the air, intoxicating. You kiss my head and whisper in my ear, "thank you for inviting to share girl time." I whisper back, "Oh lover, you haven't BEGUN to thank me..." my hand finds your cock, still somewhat hard. You know OUR time lies ahead...

His:

We lay in a disorganized pile on the bed. One part male and two parts female. Gentle post orgasmic kissing and small aftershocks run though the pile of satiated human flesh. The pleasant blissful dozing is enhanced by the steady rain on the roof. We sleep cuddled on the bed. Your head on my chest. Molly's head on my arm and all legs intertwined.

Not sure how much time has passed. The intensity of the rain seems to increase and the distance thunder rumbles across the valley. I wake to find just you and I in the bed. The clank of stove door being closed answers the question about Molly's whereabouts. Good girl!

Nature calls. I cover you with a sheet and pad down the hall to the toilet. I don't bother to close the door and Molly watches ad the stream of yellow piss falls into the bowl. I don't know if this in the least arousing to her or it's just passing interest but I am enjoying the audience of a beautiful woman. We embrace in the hall. The cold of the room has made her nipples hard and they press against my chest. She smells of you and her own scents. It's beautiful and arousing. Together we return to the bed. She on one side of you and I on the other. Together we begin to rouse you from your slumber. She beneath the sheets kissing your thighs and legs as I turn my attention to your breasts.

I kiss down your stomach toward where Molly is attending to the inside of your thighs and the crease between your body and your legs. My fingers spread the lips of your pussy as she licks the length of your gash. Your hands reach for our heads. I'm not sure if your are fully aware of our actions but you body responds to two entities and their tongues focusing on your pussy.
