 This is my first submission, please give me feedback if you desire more. I'm already working on part 2.

*****

This story takes place a few years back when x was real x and playing with colored lights was the fun thing to do while your rolling. 

My name is Tim and I was in my mid 20's. I was a decent looking guy with short dark hair, a medium build and nice straight 7" cock. I struggled with my sexual identity growing up, mainly being attracted to girls, but ever so often I would wonder what it would be like to suck a guy off and get my ass fucked. At the time, society was just beginning to accept being a gay male as something other than straight damnation, but being bi, was and still is, a whole different ball of wax. 

My girl, Katy, had the most beautiful green eyes, really full lips, nice full tits and an always shaven bald tight, wet pussy. We had a very honest relationship and one night we were lying in bed and I opened up to her about my feelings of bisexuality. I was expecting the worse, but she held me close and said that she had her suspicions and that she accepted me for who I am. 

That talk led to many hot nights where she would whisper in my ear that she wanted to watch me suck a cock while I was buried in her. Even on a few occasions she would push my head down between her legs to clean out my juice that I had just deposited in her. 

We planned a weekend to my parents cabin on the lake with another couple that we hung and partied with on a regular, Alex & Amber. 

We had rolled with them on several occasions, so all of us had been naked together before. Nothing had ever happened between the four of us, except the girls kissing in our adventures past. Amber is shorter than Katy and works at a local strip joint. She has a killer body with small b cup tits and an ass that makes u beg for more. From the moment I was introduced to her, several years prior, I'd always had a lust for her and have completed many solo sessions with thoughts of her riding me. In the heat of passion, Katy had even mentioned how she would love to lick Amber from ass to clit. 

Alex was a slender guy with a very nice build. He carried a six pack around his waist and he always had that v that ran into his shorts pointing straight at his beautiful thick 8" cock. 

We planned on rolling Saturday night, so we picked up supplies that week and made sure we were good and ready with glow sticks, pacifiers and plenty of water. 

We stayed out on the boat most of Saturday soaking up the rays and behind my sunglasses I stole looks at Amber's body every chance I got. Her bikini was tight on her and most of the day she kept the fabric bunched up into the crack of her ass, making the front pull tighter, showing off her lips, neatly hidden underneath. 

When Alex would get out of the water, his swimsuit was stuck to him and it also made out the perfect imprint of his cock. All I can say, is thank goodness for dark sunglasses. I rubbed on Katy every time she was near. I kissed in between her breasts and would slide my finger between the gap in her legs, just over the flap of material hiding her flesh from the rest of the world. She would shudder when my finger made contact with the material and her immediate response would be to reach out and give my manhood a good squeeze before releasing me. 

All four of us were very comfortable with each other and after a few drinks and driving around for a bit I found a cove that was private with no one else around. We were on a pontoon boat, with plenty of places to walk around, so we felt like kings and queens in our own little world. So much that before long, both girls were topless sunbathing on the front two lounge chairs. Alex and I sat in the back, playing dj and he sparked up a joint. 

It wasn't long til the girls could smell the weed and both, at once, flipped off their perches, and being down on all fours, they crawled back to where we were sitting. They sat on the ground in front of us, topless, as we passed the joint around the circle. I'm not sure if it was the atmosphere, the weed or these 2 hot chicks sitting in front of us, I began to get hard. I tried to adjust to hide it, but that's impossible in wet swim trunks. I look over at Alex and it looks like he's having the same issue. 

Amber and Katy are quick to notice and with a fake cough, Katy asks if we are having issues. Our only response is a "yes" out of our now blushing faces. The girls look at each other and without saying a word, each of them prop up on the knees in between their respective lovers legs and quickly make haste of the draw string holding our shorts up. Before either Alex or I can take our next breath, our pants are around our ankles and each girl has our cocks in their mouths. I watch Katy for a moment as she engulfs my semi hard member all the way in her mouth, holding it there, using her tongue on the underside to tease me as I begin to grow. As she let's go of her grasp of my cock and she slowly slides her mouth back up to the tip, my gaze shifts to what's going on in the seat across from me. 

Amber has Alex engulfed in her mouth, all the way down to his ball sack. I know he is bigger than me, so she either she can deep throat or he's not hard all the way yet. At about that time she lets out a little cough, telling me that he's hitting the back of her throat and with that she raises up off him. I get my answer, she had him down the back of her throat. He is at full staff and what a glorious staff it is. Whenever I've seen him in the past, he's always been all natural with a bushel of hair, but today he is shaven clean, just as I am. 

Amber goes back to work on him as I gaze up for a moment and catch him watching Katy working on my stick. We catch each other's gaze for a moment and give the "what's up" nod, a huge grin and our focuses return to the women that are servicing our manhoods. As my gaze returns to Katy, her eyes are wide open as I can tell she is smiling by the way she is looking at me and she shoves me all the way in her mouth, using her tonsils to stroke the head of me. 

This is all i can take and she holds me there as a moan escapes my entire body and I start pulsating down her throat. She swallows it all and using her enclosed lips, she makes sure that every last drop is out of me. She releases me and her attention is immediately drawn to our companions. 

Amber is now stroking Alex with her right hand, her left hand is rubbing his balls and her mouth is locked around him waiting for her reward. 

His chest begins to heave in and out, moans begin to escape the both of them, he places his hand on the back of her head and with that she pulls his dick to where only the head is still between her lips. We watch as his balls jerk back up into his body, his entire body tenses up and his cock jumps, shooting the first of many streams of hot cum directly into her waiting mouth. With the first shot, her eyes shut tighter from the heat and pressure and her throat swallows. Her entire face and body relax as the multiple streams of cum continue to pump into her. As Alex calms his breathing, she makes one last down stroke with her mouth. Squeezing her lips together on the up stroke, pulling every last drop out of him. His dick pops from her lips as Katy and I sit there in awe. 

We must have looked like idiots, with our jaws practically on the floor, in complete silence.

Katy was the first to speak, "holy shit, that was so fucking hot girl!!" All I could murmur was "wow". 

We all got a giggle out of her performance and as Amber stood, Alex wiggled his fingers around Amber's bathing suit bottom and found her wet spot. 

He came out with fingers covered in women bliss and said "damn baby, sucking my dick makes u so wet, I love u". 

With that she grabs his hand and shoves his fingers in her mouth. Upon releasing his hand she bent over, giving us a great shot of her great ass and engaged him in a sloppy, yet passionate kiss. As she stands back up, she reaches for the sky, stretching her body out. 

Alex lets out a slight moan and says, "damn I love the taste of both of us in my mouth." 

Katy and I, still a bit star struck, gather ourselves, she stands up and i pull my trunks back up and I said that we need to head back in and get ready for tonight. Alex pulled his pants back over his meat and readjusted as the girls helped each other tie their bikini tops back on, which was a sight to see in itself. I started up the boat and off we went. The ride back was quiet, just the sound of the wind and the tunes I had on. We docked and unloaded the boat and scurried up to the cabin. 

We all agreed that we were gonna take showers and after everyone was ready we were gonna take the x together. To save time, we decided to take couple showers. Alex & Amber went first, which gave Katy and I a moment to chat about the events that just transpired. 

Katy looked at me and said, "Damn that was really sexy, she can really suck a dick and can you believe how big he is. I bet you would love to see if you could fit that in your mouth, wouldn't you?" 

My cock twitched at her words and my face blushed. 

She came closer and hugged me, "it's ok baby, you know I love and support you and honestly I think it would be pretty hot to watch you suck him & maybe even let him fuck that tight hole of yours. Who knows, with tonight's events, it just might be your lucky night," with that she took my hand and shoved it down the front of her bottoms. 

Two of my fingers immediately dipped into her wetness and she moaned as I curled my fingers back up to her spot. She nibbled on my neck for a moment until she pushed my head down til my face was in between her legs. She pulled her bikini aside, pulled on my fingers until they popped out of her and said, "lick me Tim, lick me now". 

I darted my tongue into her as far as it would go, she leaned back on the couch spreading her legs further, I somehow managed to get her bikini bottoms off and I went to work, licking and sucking and toying with her pussy from top til bottom. She scooted down a bit further, lifted her legs up over my shoulders, giving me the view of her puckered star. 

She grabbed my hair, pulled me up for a quick breath, looked me square in the eyes and said, "lick my ass". 

Now we weren't unfamiliar to some ass play, but normally it was directly after a shower, enemas used and a very clean back door entry way. 

My hands pushed her legs further apart as my face dove for it's intended target. On my way down, I glanced up for a moment to see that she had freed her tits and nipples from their restraints and was kneading her breasts as her fingers pinched her nipples. I took my first lick directly on her star and she moaned a very deep and naughty moan. 

The taste wasn't perfectly clean, but it wasn't dirty either, just enough hint of sweat, pussy juice and lake water to make it feel kinda dirty and it electrified my senses. It didn't take long and her puckered hole gave way to my thrusts and my tongue dipped inside her, she squealed when I broke that barrier. I made my tongue as rigid as I could and I tongue fucked her ass as fast and hard as I could. While my left hand held her cheeks apart, my right hand found her clit and she moaned even deeper when I found a nice rhythm between fucking her hole and thumbing her clit. 

I heard the floor creek behind me and soon became aware that we had an audience and I started to let up, and in her most devilish, naughty voice, she warned, "don't you even think about stopping!!" 

With that I returned to the task at hand, but now with an audience, my focus was grander, my goal was set and this woman in front of me, the love of my live, was about to cum like she never has before, all at the hands and tongue of me. She began to squirm, her tight hole with started to squeeze my tongue each time I entered, making the entrance tighter and tighter. Her body froze, then convulsed, then convulsed again. I quickly moved my mouth from her ass to her pussy, all in the same motion, I plucked my middle finger into the hole I just abandoned. 

Upon my finger arriving at its new location, her orgasm took over and the first flood of juices spewed from her entrance into my open mouth. I tried to catch the second wave, but it was too fast and too much for me to handle and it covered my face, from that point, I closed my eyes and mouth and let her squirt all over the front of me. As her last contraction fizzled out, I removed my finger from its resting place and as we both caught our breathes, there was applause coming from behind me, reminding me that we still had an audience. 

Katy leaned forward and in between her heavy breathing, she kissed me square on the lips, looked me in the eyes and said, "I love you so much." With that she bounced up, ran past Amber and Alex, giving Amber a high five as she did and vanished into the bath room. 

I gathered my legs under me and upon arriving to my feet I looked over at Alex and Amber smiling back at me with Alex just saying one word, "Dude!" I smiled and nodded and as I walked past Alex, I slapped his towel covered ass and said, "just wait til tonight." 

As I entered the bathroom, Katy was already stripped down to nothing, not that she had that much to take off anyways. She had her weekend bag open and was rummaging through it. In a moment, she exclaimed, "a hah, here it is!" 

With that pulled out an enema bottle. She turns to me and says, "baby, tonight, you are fucking me in the ass and if all goes right maybe you'll get ur tight little hole fucked as well, so we must prepare for the best." 

"That's why I love you baby," was my only response. 

She flipped on the sink water and let it get up to temperature as she pulled lube from her bag. She placed a towel over the side of the tub and patted her hand against it, letting me know that I'm first. I knelt down throwing my body over the side of the tub with my ass sticking up in the air. She coated her fingers with the lube and worked one, then two fingers inside me as I gave off a gentle moan. 

She said, "Alex would be lucky to fuck such a tight ass, if he doesn't, I brought ALL my toys with me tonight. I'll make sure your taken care of baby." 

With that she inserted the enema and squeezed the water into me. The water was warm and felt good inside my bowels. I laid there for a moment until I felt I had to go and relieved myself on the toilet and repeated this process a couple more times to make sure I was good and cleaned out. 

We repeated the process on her and the whole time she kept commenting on how hard I was and that we would have to do something about that. 

We had done this several times to each other, so we're fairly quick about it and within 15 mins or so we were both cleaned out and ready for a shower. We jump into the water and immediately start soaping each other up. 

We shave each other and then she tells me to turn around. I turn my back to her and she pushes on my upper back wanting me to bend over. I comply and she lathers up between my ass cheeks. She goes to town with the razor and shaves my ass and my crack clear of any hair. She allows the water to rinse me off and bends down to check out her handy work, with my ass exposed to her, completely hairless, she licks her way from my taint to the top of my crack and back down to my hole. She darts her tongue in my hole a few times, before standing me back up and announcing that we are ready for the night. We kiss passionately as the water begins to go cold. 

The water is turned off, we jump out and towel each other off. She reaches out and grabs my cock and admires her handy work and states that she loves it when I'm totally bald. 

Katy pulls on a pair of black thongs, a pair of tight fitting gym shorts over that and a pink wife beater t shirt over her bra less breasts. I pull on a pair of basketball shorts and a t shirt, no underwear. My dick swaying in front of me in the soft material has got me tingling. We meet our companions in the living room, where Alex is dressed about like I am and Amber is adorned in a pair of tight shorts and a t shirt that is barely big enough to cover her tits, let alone her belly. They both look hot enough to eat. 

Alex has taken the liberty to line up the x pills on the counter, water bottles behind each one. Also all of our party toys are laying out, scattered around the room. There are glow sticks, hand lights, massagers (electric and manual), lotion, candles, pacifiers and various other toys that have been acquired during our rolling parties. We each grab a bottle of water and an x pill, we cheers to each other and to a good night and down the hatch they go. 

We all gag and make horrible faces at the taste, but we all know that the worse they taste, the better the roll. It usually takes about 30-45 mins for the rolls to kick so as Alex and I slump down on the couch, Amber pulls on Katy's arm pulling her into the guest sleeping quarters. We can hear them start to giggle as me and Alex sit back and start to shoot the shit. 

About all we can get out is "damn what a day already!" We both nod in agreement and Katy yells for us to join them in the next room. Alex and I walk into the room as both girls are now completely in different attire than just a couple of mins ago. They both are now in very skimpy lingerie, adorned with garter belts and all. I recognize both the outfits from the times that Alex and I have visited Amber at work. They are her stripping outfits!! And holy fuck, do both girls look hot as fuck. Amber exclaims that she wants to get this party started and she had an idea that Katy agreed with. 

"We are gonna take you two strapping young lads back out to the living room and give you lap dances, with ya twist." 

Alex and I look at each other, shrug our shoulders and say at the same time, "ok what's the twist?" 

Amber looks right at me and says, "I'm giving you a lap dance" and without missing a beat, Katy looks at Alex and says, "I'll be giving you a lap dance". Amber sets down the one rule very quickly. No touching by us guys unless told otherwise. "Now put on some music and lets get to rolling!" 

I put on some electronic music that has a slow beat to it and dim the lights. Alex and I settle back into the couch next to each other yet far enough apart to where the girls have some room and wait. A moment later the girls come from the bedroom walking very seductive and slow. By this time it had been about 20-25 mins since we took the rolls & while none of us had fully felt the grasp of the rolls just yet, our bodies had began to warm up. 

Both the girls reached us at the same time and with Amber being a professional, she begins first with Katy following her lead. They were grinding into us, moaning, panting and mashing their bodies into ours. The atmosphere was electric. They rub their cloth covered snatches up and down our bodies several times stopping them within an inch of our faces, letting us smell their wetness. Both girls were really getting into it and at one point we switched partners and slowly kissed our own significant others then the girls switched back. 

And then a moment happened that I had been wanting to happen for a long time, Amber was in my lap, facing away and Katy was doing the same to Alex, both girls twirled their heads around and kissed each of us in a passionate, lustful kiss. Amber wrapped her arm around my head as she sucked my tongue deeper into her mouth. She moaned into me and without breaking away she swung her body around to where she was on my lap, facing me. She buried her breasts into my chest and her crotch grinding on mine as we kissed. Kinda madly at first, but as I raised my hands to grasp her head, passion interceded and our tongues stopped fighting for control and just went with the flow and rhythm that our bodies were producing. 
