 Sorry it took me so long to get this published. Life showed up!! Here ya go, hope you like. Please feel free to leave a comment. 

*

Our rolls take over each of us at about the same moment. As the serotonin flooded our brains, the warmth started at our toes and worked its way up our legs, depositing a special kind of heat in each of our groins. This feeling continued northward until it encased our entire bodies and souls. We each felt as one with one another and almost, as if on cue, we all let out a collective sigh and moan. 

The girls, having stopped the onslaught of kisses on Alex and I, sat up and reached for one another, meeting in the middle as their lips locked together. It was a beautiful sight. Two gorgeous female specimens on top of Alex and I engaged in a passionate kiss that released an energy of pure bliss. 

My gaze is captured by the activity in front of me, when I feel a hand rubbing against my aching manhood. Alex has his fingers rubbing against Amber's crotch and in the process the back of his hand is rubbing on me. I decide to follow suit and reaching my hand between Katy's legs I began to rub her already soaked panties and find Alex's cock there as well. As I rubbed on her, his large manhood keeps brushing against the back of my hand. With one bold move I flip my hand over and grab him through his pants. 

Not knowing what his reaction is gonna be, I was a little more than surprised when he does the same to me. The girls continue to kiss and I decide to go for it. I release my grip and find the top of his shorts and my hand finds its way inside. I wrap my hand around Alex's dick and he lets out a moan as I squeeze him. Even in its confinement, I am able to stroke my hand up and down, feeling the skin surround his head on the upstroke and the tightness of his rigidness on the down stroke. He keeps his hand in place and slowly plays with my cock through my shorts. 

His moaning gets the girls attention and as they realize what is going on, Amber is the first to speak up, "Holy fuck, that is so hot, you gotta take his cock out so we can watch you stroke it!" With her words, the girls slide off our laps and onto the coffee table directly behind them, Katy grabbing at the bottom of Alex's shorts as she goes and he is bottomless in an instant. 

My hand never leaves his cock. I continue to stroke him up and down. Alex's eyes are closed, his head is back and his breathing is deep. He's extremely hard and pre-cum starts to form at the tip of his dick. Katy speaks up, "Alex, can he put you in his mouth, I really wanna see that right now?" All he can murmur is, "Yes, please." I glance at Amber for approval and with a nod, I stick my tongue out, lean my head into his lap and eagerly lick the pre-cum from the tip of his swollen member. 

I've tasted my own before and I really like the taste, yet when you're in the state, where all your senses are heightened, his saltiness tasted amazing. I lust for more!! Without hesitation, I guide his cock directly into my mouth, parting my lips, his purple head passes through to my tongue and on down to the back of my throat. I hold it there like Katy does with me, using my tongue to tease the sides. The warmth of his cock is so much more sensual and fulfilling than than dildos that Katy has me suck before she uses them on me. The stiffness of him is only overshadowed by the smoothness and softness of the skin surrounding it. 

I feel Alex's hand on my back which serves as reassurance that what I am doing is OK and welcomed. His hand works it's way down my back and under my shorts. Glad I chose not to wear underwear. His hand grasps one of my ass cheeks and gives it a strong squeeze. I want this feeling of my mouth being full and my ass being squeezed to last, so I slowly and sensually start stroking him. His cock slips from the back of my throat to my lips and back down again. At this point I am completely oblivious to the fact that there are other people in the room, much less on this planet, until I hear a slight moan from above me. 

I snap back to the reality of my surroundings for a brief moment as I feel Alex's hand slip from my cheek to my throbbing hole. I pause my assault on his delicious manhood as I feel one of his fingers making circles around my hole placing more and more pressure on its opening. From the x, my body had already heated up enough to cause me to perspire a bit and using this as lube, Alex applies just a bit more pressure and his finger breaks the barrier. He slips knuckle deep into my ass. 

My entire body moans and I return my attention back to the task at hand. Once he is wet enough, from my saliva, I stroke him up and down with my hand matching the thrusts in and out with my mouth. I drift off into my own little world, finally getting to feel a man in my mouth as he finger fucks my tight hole. I hear one of the girls break the silence and say, "damn, what a sight, I love you boys!" Even in my delusional state I could still hear the unmistakable sound of pussies getting fingered and that brings a smile to my filled mouth. 

Alex goes to work on my hungry hole and is moving his finger in and out of me pretty quickly. Every few strokes his finger slips from me and slams right back into me. Katy has fingered me plenty of times, but being in this moment, with him fingering me, had my entire body feeling like it was about to explode. I moan onto his member, every time he enters me. He moans with every down stroke of my mouth. I squeeze my mouth around him and try to take as much of him as I can. His mushroom head keeps tickling the back of my throat with every stroke. His manhood threatens to escape my mouth and I feel the lip of his head touch my lips and back down I go. All the while, my hand is locked around him, just in front of my mouth, stroking him to the point of no return. 

Alex's breathing becomes heavier, his cock gets even thicker and before I can react my mouth is filled with a very warm liquid. I pull his cock out just enough to receive all of his load as his body tightens and his manhood pulsates in my mouth. I swallow hard with each blast, but he is pumping too much fluid for me to handle and some leaks from my lips and down the sides of him. The taste is insatiable, warm and salty. I lap up as much as I can before releasing him from my grips. His finger had left its hiding place once he started cumming and upon leaning back I am fully aware that the x had completely taken over as my body and mind are on fire. I slump back on the couch just in time to watch Katy lean in from her observation perch and lick the remaining cum off of Alex. I can tell Alex is rolling, just as hard as I am. His teeth are chattering, his eyes roll back in his head and he is unaware of even who's mouth is licking him. 

Amber speaks up, "Damn Tim, I've never seen a guy suck another guy off in person but I have to say that made me so wet. You are really good at that! Here, feel how wet I am." And with that she pulls her panties to the side and leads my hand to her crotch. I tease her lips for a second before plunging two fingers into her. She wasn't lying, she was sloppy wet. She moans out as I complete the "cum hither" move and find her g spot. I thrust my fingers into her a couple times before removing my grip and take my fingers directly to my mouth for a taste of her honey. 

The atmosphere in the room is on fire and we are all ready to just end up on the floor, in a big naked pile of bodies. We decide to back off for the moment and allow the drug to do its work and take us to another plane of existence. 

Even though my ass begged for more attention and my cock was stretched beyond its skin, I agreed to help each of us reach this high we so strongly desired. 

To be continued...