 As our brains filled with serotonin and the drug took hold, the feeling of mutual love and oneness filled our universe. The temperature in the room was a cool 73 degrees, yet each of us felt as though our bodies were on fire. In this moment, our bound with each other grew exponentially and the love for each other could be seen in each of our faces. The sexual tension was so thick that it took over the room. Katy gave a nod, towards me, to Amber and in an instant she was straddling my lap. 

Our eyes locked and before our next breathes our lips met. She was a determined kisser, not sloppy, just determined. Her tongue worked it's way into my mouth and the passion between us felt as though it had been a long time coming. She wrapped her arms around my head and we settled into a rhythm of tongue dancing. It was incredible!! This woman, that I had used, many times, to bring myself to orgasm, during my solo play, was on top of me. Her tongue was inserted in my mouth and she was grinding her lace covered honey hole into my throbbing manhood. All of a sudden she stopped, rose up, hooked my shorts and off they went. My cock flopped against my belly and in this instant I noticed that Katy had followed suit and was on top of Alex with a mouth full of his tongue. Fuck, I was turned on!! I wanted everyone in that room and the feeling was mutual between us all. This night was going to be one to remember. 

I also noticed, at this moment, that Amber had lost her panties and as she came back down upon me. She placed a knee on each side of my hips. Ive seen Amber naked before, so I knew that her lips were a bit larger than any girl I had ever been with and they hung down, out of her, about half an inch. I hadn't given it much thought until that moment. As she moved her crotch closer to mine, she reached down and opened herself up. She placed my manhood in between her lips with the tip sticking out in front of her clit. She slowly started grinding up and down using her wetness to coat me. She used my cock head to flick her clit each and every time it went by her. My tip kept trying to pop up and in her sweet tunnel each and every time it passed, but she wouldn't let it slip into her. 

She had obviously done this before and the feeling was driving me crazy. My hips kept trying to push up, attempting to enter the intended target that my body wanted, ever so bad. Each time I was met with her thrusting back down, flicking her clit one more time. I was in awe watching the head of my cock peek out from her folds with each stroke. I was covered in wetness, I lusted for more, I desired for all of her. I looked up at her face and she was biting her bottom lip, she was staring right at me and then it happened. I'm not sure if it was by design or accident, but all of a sudden, I felt a warm cocoon surround me and we both let out a deep and sensual moan. She was much tighter than I imagined she would be, knowing the cock that she's been servicing for the past couple of years. 

I slid all the way in her with one push. She paused to take in the feeling of being full. I could have stayed in that moment for all of eternity. Our bodies were connected by more than just a physical presence. Time slowed for a moment as I could feel my own heartbeat coincide with hers through the throbbing of my manhood buried inside her. She placed one finger under my chin and picked my head up so that our lips met again and this time, a slow and sensual kiss ensued. A kiss so sensual that it's usual reserved for long time lovers. I could feel the passion flowing between us. With our lips locked together we made a complete circle of energy as it flowed freely between our bodies. Her hips slowly rose and fell a few times, stroking all sides of me with her tight wetness. She squeezed me with each stroke so we could both feel each centimeter of each other. With the third or fourth stroke up she allowed me to slip from her body and stood up off of me. With a look of disappointment in my eyes, she leaned over, kissed me one more time and whispered, "later baby, later you are all mine." She pulled away with a seductive wink. 

We both look over at our significant others and they are locked in a kiss like Amber and I just shared. Alex is deep in my girlfriend and I couldn't be more turned on by the sight. Amber makes a sound like she's clearing her throat and Katy unlocks her lips from Alex and Amber asks, 

"Katy can I borrow you for a few? There is something I need your help with." 

Katy responds, as she's trying to gather herself,

"Of course love, anything for you."

With that she gives Alex one more peck and removes herself off his member, letting it slap against his belly as she does. As Katy moves past me she leans down in my ear and says, 

"Honey, I love you so much, I am so turned on and am having a really good time, see you in a bit." 

She kisses me on the cheek as both the girls scurry toward the master bedroom. I look over at Alex and I can tell he is feeling no pain. He has a smile from ear to ear and the hard on to match. He looks at me, as he reaches for his engorged member and just says, 

"Duuuudddeeee!"

I respond with, 

"Man I cant believe this is happening!! Two sexy as fuck ladies, two sexy as fuck dudes, getting fucked up and getting fucked. We are really lucky man." 

"Ummm...". 

I pause as I'm trying to find the courage for my next swords, 

"I have to tell you though, I really hope you are okay with me going down on you earlier. It's been a fantasy of mine for a long time and I'm really glad it was you, that I got to do it with."

I notice he is continuing to stroke himself as he responds, 

"Brother, you are my best friend and I kinda had an idea anyways, with the way you joke and shit. To be honest with you, I've always wondered myself, what it would be like to go down on a guy. How did I feel in your mouth?" 

"I mean, you suck dick better than most girls I know. You sure that was your first time?" 

We had a chuckle at his words and with that, I grabbed my manhood and pointed it at him and said, 

"There's no time like the present." 

Without thinking twice, Alex leaned forward and took me in his mouth. I let out a loud sigh and moan as his mouth felt so warm and wet around me. I could tell he was a bit shocked at the feeling of this foreign object invading his mouth. He fumbled a bit trying to figure out what to do with me. He didn't know whether to use his mouth alone or stroke me, with his hand, at the same time. He settled into a rhythm of just using his mouth. I spread my legs, hoping he would know that my ass was begging for attention. His fingers found their place massaging my balls. He must have read my mind as I felt his finger trail downward and quickly find my hole again. He inserted a finger into me. It slipped right in with the mixture of Ambers juices, his saliva and my sweat used as a lubricant. My hand found the back of his head and a moan escaped my mouth as his finger pushed in and out of me. He finger fucked me as his mouth kept moving up and down. He paused with his finger barely in me. He then began a move, which caused my entire nervous system to pay attention. He began to flick his finger up and down really fast. He released me from his mouth as he seemed to be more interested in playing with my ass, than that which was entertaining his mouth. I was on cloud nine, every nerve in my body was lighting up, my brain was shooting pleasure signals all over my body. All I could murmur was,

"Alex, I want you inside me so bad right now!"

With that he stopped, removed his finger from me and sat up. He looked me right in the eyes and said,

"Really? I would really like that! Amber and I have tried but she says I'm too thick to get in her and it hurts her. Do you think you can handle this?" Reaching down and stroking his bulging piece of meat. 

I said, 

"Brother, Katy and I have toys a bit bigger than you and with some warming up like you just did to me, I can handle you."

A big grin crosses his face and he responds with, 

"Well hop on big boy."

With a look of concern on my face, I ask him what the girls will think when they come back out. He assured me that Amber is down for whatever and from the way that Katy and I talk, she has been wanting to see this for a while. 

With that he leans back on the couch seated up and I grab the bottle of massage lotion off the table. I pour a bit on his manhood and throw my legs over his. Just to set the scene: my best friend is in front of me, his cock pointed up at my ass and I'm about to impale myself onto him. I reach behind me and find his slippery cock. I place it in the crack of my ass and move it up and down to get him and I lubricated. I place his head at the entrance to me and relax. I ask him not to push up, let me control the speed and depth at first. He places his hands on my ass cheeks and spreads me apart. I feel the tip threatening my ring and I maneuver lower just a bit. I feel the pressure as he's trying to break the seal and with a bit more effort his head pops into me. The size is a bit alarming at first and I pause. I must had a look of pain on my face cuz Alex asks if I'm ok, all I can respond with is a "mmmhhhmm". I relax a bit further and I feel myself open up to accept him. I creep further down as I feel him filling me more than any toy ever has. He is warm and rigid, but very soft as each inch passes by. I feel my ass relax even further as I take him all the way in. 

I stop when I feel his skin against my own balls. I sit there like Amber did when I first entered her and bask in the feeling of being filled with a real cock. He is deep inside me. I can feel him pushing against my bowels and the tingling has got my heart racing fast. I feel so full. I push up with my knees and slowly feel him leaving me until I feel the tip of his head against my ring and I go right back down. He lets out a loud moan and his hands move to my hips. My cock is extremely hard and it is sandwiched between our bodies rubbing up and down his chest with each stroke. He grabs my hips to keep me still and slowly starts to move his hips to fuck me with long deep strokes. My head flops back as my eyes flutter in their sockets. His strokes quicken as he finds his rhythm and brings me back down to planet earth with,

"Holy fuck man, if I knew your ass felt this good, I would have fucked you a long time ago."

My head is in another plane, my body is no longer mine as I have given possession of it over to the pleasure waves flowing through me. Each time he pounds into me, his cock head rubs across my prostrate. My cock is leaking all over his chest. He stops for a second to lean his head down and slurp up some of my leaking juices and picks up right where he left off. He pushes me all the way down on his cock and holds me there. As I open my eyes and I regain focus, he demands,

"Kiss me Tim, kiss me now!"

Our tongues fight for control, our teeth clash a couple of times trying to find the beat to our own music. The kiss is hot, it's passionate, it's raw manhood seeking power and control. He places his hands on the sides of my head and slows me down. The kiss slows as our tongues begin rolling instead of darting. He releases me and says, 

"Get up, I wanna try something!"

I pop up on my knees and his meat slips from me, leaving me feeling empty inside. I slide off of him and he jumps up. He pats the couch and says, 

"Trade me spots, but I want you facing the wall on your knees. I do as I'm told and he lines up behind me. I feel tip back at my entrance and anticipate him back inside me. With one shove he is all the way inside me. I let out a moan of pain and pleasure as he bottoms out. His hands grab onto both sides of my waist. While buried inside me, he uses his leverage to scoot me back into position and begins his assault. He has total control now. His pace quickly escalates as I hear the sound that turns me on like none other. That sound would be the slapping of balls against an ass, my ass. 

The pleasure before was something special, but this feeling surpasses even that. The feeling of my ass being used. The feeling of my ass being filled over and over again. The feeling of his cock rubbing on every nerve inside my hole, had me feeling as if I was going to have an amazing, mind-blowing orgasm while at the same time peeing on myself. 

In my daze of pure bliss I heard Alex say, 

"I'm not gonna last very long like this, can I cum in you?" 

With his words my ass squeezed his manhood and the only response I could muster was to say, 

"Please, yes!"

His thrusts became hard and meaningful, long and deep. He started to shake as his orgasm built from his head to his toes and then he exploded into me. With the first blast of his cum, my ass clamped around him and my orgasm took off. I had never had an anal orgasm before and the intensity took me by surprise. My knees buckled as Alex's grip got tighter to hold me up. For ever shot that Alex blasted into me, My own cock blasted ropes onto the couch. My orgasm started at my manhood but quickly traveled to my chest and then to my ears. A ringing set into my ears as wave after wave of bliss poured over me. 

For a moment I forgot where I was, planet earth no longer existed and burst after burst of emotion, pleasure, satisfaction and raw power filled my very being. 

When I came to my senses, I noticed that Alex was no longer inside me and that empty feeling swept over me. He was still behind me holding me up and I could make out two other voices in the room. One of the two girls simply said "wow" as the other one said, "leave you two alone for a minute and see what you get into?"

Hope you enjoyed. Please leave comments or contact me directly. I enjoy the feedback

Part 4 will be coming soon...