 That evening I was in my cabin when I heard Crystal's voice from next door through the wall, 'Brian, you there?'

'I'm here. What's up, Crystal?' I said.

'Come over... I need some attention.'

Right on! I thought, splashed on some cologne and went over to Crystal's side of the cabin.

'Come on in,' she said from inside.

Inside, Crystal was laid out on the couch in just a thong. Awesome! My dick responded right away in my pants.

'I was just doing some yoga and now I need a release. Thought you might be able to help me.' she smiled seductively.

'What kind of 'release' did you have in mind, baby,' I said approaching her.

'I was thinking a 'cock-up-my-ass-and-fuck-me-hard-'till-I-cum' kind of release.'

'You're amazing, baby. Suck my cock.'

I came forwards freeing my dick from my pants, stood beside her and fed my cock into Crystal's mouth as she lay on the couch. Man; so good!

I used her mouth like a fuck-hole and rocked my hips back and forth, fucking her pretty face. She seemed to enjoy the taste of my cock, peeled her thong down as she sucked me off, and began playing with her naked waxed pussy. I could see, smell and hear her cunt getting wet as she fingered herself and sucked on my meat.

I reached down and grabbed a big heavy tit as she worked my shaft with her sucking mouth. Its nipple hardened as I kneaded her giant natch boob.

'I gotta fuck these boobs, Crystal... Got any oil or anything?' I asked.

She smiled, pulled off of my dick and said, 'There's some KY in my purse on the table.'

I went and got it and squeezed a bunch of it between her massive, soft melons. I mounted her chest as she lay on the couch, one of my feet still on the floor, and slid my cock up into her warm, deep lubed cleavage. The KY covered the insides of her boobs and my dick and I fucked her big tits freely. She smiled lustfully and held her giant firm flesh bazookas together, tightening them around my rod as I fucked them.

I couldn't get enough of her amazing chest, and fucked her tits for at least ten minutes straight before moving up so I could slide my cock back into her mouth, and fucked her hot, wet throat some more.

'You said you wanna cum with my hard cock up your ass, Crystal?' I said as I repositioned the beautiful young lady into 'doggy' on the couch, her huge, gorgeous ass hanging over the side so I could stand on the floor and fuck it.

'That's right, baby,' she cooed.

I spread her enormous ass-pillows, shoved my dick up her shit-hole and thrust it all the way in, making her ass fart as I displaced a couple of air pockets that had been there up her rump. Shit, I wanted this girl so fucking bad! And here was my cock buried up to the balls in her tight fucking arse-hole! I was suddenly transported to heaven as I realized the awesomeness of having this babe's hot, tight fucking rectum squeezed around the shaft of my hard cock, and willing me to fuck her with it 'till she cums. And I began to carefully fuck her sweet gorgeous shit-tube.

I reached forwards and grabbed her tits, one in each hand, and began to fuck her ass real hard. I squeezed my eyes closed as I squeezed her tits, needing to concentrate hard as I wanted to give the babe the ass-fucking of her life.

'Fuck my bum with your cock! Fuck my asshole 'till I cum!' Crystal was moaning as I pumped her tight rump.

Slowly the tempo of my thrusts up her ass increased until I thought I was going to break the sound barrier, I was fucking her so fast. My hips were a blur, ramming into her bum like a jackhammer, my cock sliding in and out of her asshole like the piston in an engine. She was wailing, and begging me not to stop, and that she was gonna cum soon. I only fucked her ever harder. Until finally, splash! Her cunt gushed all over my balls and I could feel her asshole convulse around my rod as she came hard, yelling, 'Aaaaaaah! Yeaaaaaaah!'

I slapped her big, perfect ass-cheeks hard, before flipping her over like a pancake onto her back on the couch, spreading her legs wide open and shoving my dick back up her fucking poop-chute.

'Oh, Brian,' Crystal breathed, 'fuck my asshole! You fuck it so good! I want you to cum inside me, or on me; wherever you want to, baby; use me; I'm your little slut, your fucking sex-doll... My holes are yours... I'm your little whore, your little rubber sex-toy, your hot little fuck-hole,' she said as I fucked her bum, savoring the ecstasy of what was happening.

Until finally, fucking her ass fast and deep, I came hard, deep up her lovely hot poop-flower, filling her sexy ass with my hot cream, and sucking her big, hard nipples as I came, blasting mayonnaise up her bum.

Just then we heard a knock at the door. I went to see, and it was actually someone knocking next door, on my door; it was Tova, the Goth babe from earlier.

'It's OK, I know this girl,' I said to Crystal.

'Tova! Over here,' I said opening the door a crack.

'Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to interrupt,' Tova said.

'That's OK, what is it?'

'I just thought that you might be lonely. But I see that you're taken care of, so...'

'Who is it?' Crystal asked.

'It's the girl who works here. She's cool, a friend of mine,' I answered.

'Why don't you invite her in?' Crystal suggested.

'Tova,' I said, 'Come in! We were about to take a shower, but afterwards we could hang out or whatever.'

'Well, are you sure she doesn't mind?' Tova asked.

Crystal heard her from inside and answered, 'No dear, it's quite alright. Come on in.'

So the girl came in and my dick was hard already.

Tova had on purple leotards, a short black miniskirt, her black docs, and a frilly black low-cut shirt. The cabin reeked of sex.

'Mmmm, having fun were we?' Tova commented smiling, Crystal and I both being naked, the cabin reeking of sex and all.

Crystal replied, 'Yeah! This vacation is turning out to be just divine.'

'So, are you guys going to take a shower now?' Tova asked.

'Is that supposed to be a hint?? Why don't you suck his dick first, instead, honey? Then maybe he can fuck you and we'll all be dirty and can take a shower, the three of us, together...' Crystal said.

Tova seemed to like Crystal's frankness, shrugged, knelt down before me and took my cock into her horny young mouth.

'Mmmm! Mmmm! Mmmm! Mmmm!' went her mouth as she sucked me off.

'That looks so hot!' Crystal commented, 'Let me take a quick little video of this.' And she went and got out a digital video camera and began shooting us as Tova gave me head.

Tova sucked my cock and balls like a pro. After about ten minutes of giving me head, she pulled her mouth off, lay back on the couch and opened her legs wide. She then tore a little hole in her purple leotards exposing her naked bald snatch underneath. I couldn't wait to fuck her!

I stood in front of the couch and fed the tip of my dick into her cunt through the hole in her tights. All the while, Crystal was capturing everything on video. At Tova's urging, I slide my cock up her tight wet pussy-sheath and started fucking her. Her pussy was getting wetter and wetter as I fucked her, her cunt-juices seeping out and coming through her tights down her ass-crack and onto the couch.

Tova's head was back in apparent ecstasy as I pumped her sweet young love-tunnel.

'Oh yeah! Right there! Don't stop! Fuck my pussy! I'm gonna cum!' Tova moaned as I fucked her.

I fucked her hard and relentlessly, bringing her over the edge, making her cum hard all over my cock.

'Ooooooooooooh!' she wailed as the orgasm ripped through her.

I pulled out, jerked my rod a few seconds, and came a big load all over her outfit, her face and hair, and her pussy. It was divine!

She then stripped and we all headed into the shower to get clean.

In the shower, I helped 'clean' out all of their 6 holes with my hard cock, until we were all clean, satisfied, and happy.

We all slept together soundly in a pile in Crystal's bed until morning.

The next day we all went out to 'Jack's Grill' for breakfast. Candy was working there, and greeted me and my new buddies with a wink and a smile.

As she put my plate down in front of me, Candy whispered in my ear, 'Aren't you gonna invite us all out for a picnic this afternoon?' winked at me and left.

We had a nice meal, and at some point I brought up Candy's kinky idea to the other two girls. They were all game, so we brought it up again to Candy, and I arranged to pick her up there at two, and drive her down to lake Winnipesaukee and meet the other girls there for a 'picnic,' meaning, 'fuckfest.'

So, at the appointed time I picked Candy up and we met up with Tova and Crystal at Crystal's cabin. We then all took off walking around the lake to look for a good spot to stop, rest, eat the food we'd brought, and of course, fuck.

A 45-minute walk away, on the far side of the lake, we found a nice, sunny isolated spot and spread out the blanket and the food. We had some light snacks, and then Crystal suddenly decided to go skinny dipping. We all followed suit, and were soon, all four of us, naked and splashing around in the warm, shallow water of the lake. It was a sandbar, and we could wade out quite a long way before the water got deep.

Without much pretext, Candy suddenly approached me, grabbed me by my dick and started kissing me passionately. She jerked my quickly hardening rod as we explored each other's mouths with our tongues. I saw Tova, out of the corner of my eye, kneel down in the shallow water in front of me and take my cock into her hot, wet mouth and start sucking me as I was kissing Candy. Crystal came up behind me kissing my neck, and teased my asshole with one of her fingers.

The sluts were treating me to every man's fantasy! Each one of the hot, young beauties was more sexy than the next.

Candy kissed me as Tova sucked my cock and Crystal sucked my balls and fingered my asshole. After some time, I turned Candy around and fed my dick up her sweet, tight wet cunt from behind. Tova and Crystal started making out with each other as I fucked the supermodel, Candy. I reached around and held her enormous fake tits in my hands as I squashed my meat up her wet snatch repeatedly. 'Fuck me!' Candy turned and whispered as I worked her cunt with my rod.

After some time, I pulled out and fed my cock into Crystals gorgeous mouth and fucked it, holding the back of her head as I slid my dick in and out of the hole in her face. 'Get on all fours!' I ordered her, placing Crystal in 'doggy' in front of me. I let some spit fall from my mouth onto her brown-hole, shoved my meat up her ass and plowed the babe hard. She wailed in pleasure as I fucked her enormous, shapely rump.

I pulled out and made Candy suck my cock for a while, while Tova sucked my sack and Crystal sucked on one of Candy's nipples.

Then I lay on my back in the shallow water and had Tova sit on me, taking my cock up her pussy in 'reverse cowgirl.' I stared at her sexy asshole as she rode my fuck-stick, the tight sheath of her pussy sliding up and down the length of my dick. I smacked her ass, and told the next babe to take her place.

She pulled off and Candy sat down on me, taking my dick straight up her tight shitter in 'cowgirl.' She rode me hard, her huge, fake titties bouncing in the bright afternoon sun.

It was just like in a porno as I worked each of the girl's nine holes in turn, going from ass to mouth, from cunt to mouth, from pussy to ass, and so on. The girls were loving it and completely compliant. I was so goddamned lucky, it was unbelievable!

After the girls had all cum several times each, it was time for me to paint them with my sperm. They all knelt in front of me with mouths wide open, tongues out, looking up into my eyes, making the cliché porn sound, 'Aaaaaaaaahn!' as I jerked my cock for the finale.

Kaboom! I blasted the sluts with rope after rope of hot jizz as the most amazing orgasm of my life ripped through me! The babes' faces, hair and tits were a mess of cum-webbing, which they all ate off each other and swallowed down. Shit!

The insatiable giggling bitches and I played in the water a little bit before heading back to the blanket and some snacks.

Crystal left the next day, and we decided to keep in touch in case the opportunity for an encore of our little sexcapade ever presented itself. Candy went back to work, and I fucked her a few more times before my vacation ended a couple weeks later. She told me to find her if I ever came back to Winnipesaukee. Tova and I fucked almost every night for the remainder of my vacation before I finally had to go back to reality. The Goth slut kissed me goodbye, and we decided to keep in touch. She'd call me when she got back to Toronto and we'd meet up again.

I can honestly say that my vacation had really helped me get over my ex. Sometimes things like that just happen. But it doesn't always turn out so bad in the end.