 Before you read this story, be advised that it is adult oriented and contains very graphic depictions of a sexual nature. It is not intended for, nor should it be read under any circumstances, by persons who are not at least eighteen(18) years of age. 

I love to read your comments and would enjoy hearing from you if you like this story. I even want your comments if you don't like it, provided you are actually giving constructive criticism. Please don't leave a comment if you are simply turned off by what the story contains. Just because you may not enjoy or politically agree with the portrayals, it doesn't mean that others won't. 

This is another sequel, the third in this series. This story gets its origin from another of my tales, "A Friendly Fuck", and the follow-up to that story, "Doug's Little Sis". If you read them first, you would know what transpires prior to this one, and gain some insight to the characters, but you won't be lost if you don't. In this story, Tom unwinds after work Friday evening with his girlfriend and his best friend's fiancé. 



Lakeside Lay

It was about 2:00 P.M. on what had been a long Friday, and I was looking forward to the weekend. Just then, I felt the 'buzzz' of my cell phone as it vibrated against my leg in the side pocket of my carpenter's jeans. Pulling the device from its holster, I checked the number of the incoming call; It was Lori, my current squeeze. She was an eighteen-year-old beauty who was quickly becoming the love of my life. 

I wasn't surprised to see her number, because she usually called me at least once a day while I was at work. Flipping the phone open, I answered, "Hey there sexy..." Lori returned my greeting with some silly remark, as was her custom, and then I asked, "What have you been up to today?"

"Not too much. I went to a movie with Tina," she replied. 

Tina was engaged to Lori's brother, Doug, who just happened to be my best friend. We were such good friends, in fact, that he had invited me to join in a threesome with him and Tina. It turned out to be a wild night, and the two of us thoroughly banged his bride-to-be. This took place precisely the night before Lori and I hooked up for the first time. And honestly, if it hadn't been for Tina's urging, Lori and I may have never gotten together. 

I knew that Lori had spent a good deal of time 'babysitting' the lonely Tina, since Doug had been out of town all week. He was away on some kind of a business trip, and wasn't due to be home until sometime late the following week. I sympathized with the girl's predicament, but she was eating up a hell of a lot of my 'quality time' with Lori.

Lori and I chatted for a few brief moments, and then she said, "Well, I gotta get going..." But, she quickly followed up with, "Swing by your house and get the tent and meet me at the lake after work; Okay?" 

I was a little surprised by her spur-of-the-moment request, but a weekend alone at the lake with Lori sounded like a great way to unwind. The 'lake' was where I'd taken her the first time we made love. It was nothing more than a strip pit surrounded by fields and trees, but it was secluded and private. A friend of mine owned the property and, as far as I could tell, no one else had been out there all summer. 

"What about food and stuff?" I questioned.

"I've already got the cooler and groceries," Lori told me. "You just need to go by the house and get the tent and anything else you need," she went on. 

"Sounds good," I said, adding with a chuckle, "Sure would be nice if you were naked by the time I get there." 

"Well, you never know..." she teased, continuing, "You might be surprised when you get out there."

By the time we hung up, my cock was already beginning to stir in anticipation of what awaited me. Of course, the rest of the afternoon seemed to drag by, even though it was only a couple of hours. So, when quitting time came, I bolted for my truck. I hurried home, took a quick shower, grabbed a cold six-pack of beer, the tent and a few other necessities, and headed for the lake. 

As I turned off of the highway and onto a country road, I twisted the cap off of a beer and took a long pull from the bottle. I let out a loud and obnoxious belch, the tensions of the week seeming to exit my body with the gaseous explosion. Continuing to drink the cold brew as I traversed the back-roads that led to the lake, I smiled in contentment, knowing that my weekend was going to be filled with nothing but Lori's charms. 

Rumbling along the rough dirt road that connected the county road to our campsite, my heart quickened as I envisioned my sweetheart, naked and laying on a blanket, waiting for my arrival. By the time I pulled into the grassy opening, my pecker was at about half-mast in expectation. I even had a tingling sensation in the pit of my stomach; something that I hadn't felt since that first time with Lori, well over a month ago. 

My heightened spirits fell flat as I looked out the windshield and saw Tina sitting on the blanket, next to a fully clothed Lori. 'Well shit!' I thought as I upended the bottle and drained the last of its contents. I tossed it into the floorboard, on the passenger side, and swung my door open, almost in disgust. My mood had changed from serene to disgruntled in a mere moment. I couldn't believe that Lori had let Tina tag along.

It's not that I disliked Tina; she's a swell girl, and a hot fuck, but I wasn't planning on her company impeding on my sexual retreat. But, although I wasn't keen on the idea, I quickly resigned myself to the fact that she was there, and decided to not let it get me down. I hoped that maybe she would just spend some time visiting with us and then take Lori's Jeep home.

I slid down, out of the truck and proceeded immediately to the cooler, where I deposited the remaining beer. Turning around, I pretended to be surprised to see the women sitting on the blanket. "Whoa... Who are you two hot lookin' ladies?" I teased in mock curiosity, still trying to maintain my sexual agenda as best I could. 

Lori bounced up and off the blanket, throwing her arms around me in an animated greeting. She crushed her full lips to mine and kissed me like she hadn't seen me in months. I let my arms envelope her and my hands dropped to her succulent, round ass. Unabashedly, I groped her firm cheeks while we kissed, knowing Tina was watching us. I guess I was trying to convey to both of them exactly what was on my mind. 

"Come on 'Mr. Grabhands', let's get the tent set up," Lori remarked as she broke the kiss. Taking my hand and towing me along behind her, she set off toward the back end of my truck. When we got there, she kissed me again and then quietly explained that Tina was really in the dumps, with Doug being gone for so long. "I just thought getting her away from the house might help," my lover told me. 

"That's all fine and good," I began, then with a humorous tone, added, "But she might have to get an ear or eyeful of me screwing the shit outta' you, 'cause I'm horny as hell." 

"Yeah, I know what you mean. I am too!" Lori exclaimed. "If she complains, we'll just have to fuck her too," she giggled. 

Her remark surprised me and I inquired, "Just what in the hell have you got cooked up?"

"Nothing," she retorted sincerely, "I was just teasing..."

I dropped the tailgate and leaned over it, reaching in for the tent. As I pulled it toward me, I felt Lori's hand massaging my ass and I heard her mumble, "The idea doesn't sound half bad, though."

"Well you ought to know," I jested, being aware that the pair had made out before Lori and I partnered. I even suspected that they had done it again, at least once, since we had gotten together. Which didn't bother me in the slightest, but I would have at least liked to watch. 

"As if you wouldn't..." she barked right back at me, feigning disgust. Lori knew all about the ménage à trois that Tina, Doug and I had been involved in. She had caught the three of us still in Doug's bed, and still naked, the morning after the event.

We laughed at ourselves and the conversation. I think we both just kind of dismissed it, almost as a form of mild foreplay. Still, I was a little more comfortable about making advances toward my girl, in light of her attitude and the conversation. I figured if I wanted to feel Lori up, or more, and Tina didn't want to watch, she could just look the other way. It seemed that Lori wasn't going to complain and, in fact, was as eager as I was. 

It only took us a few minutes to set up the simple dome tent and have our lodging in order. Afterward, I started a campfire, fueling it from the stockpile of firewood that I had previously brought to the lake, just for occasions such as this. Once that was done, I dropped onto the blanket and stretched out to rest for a few minutes. 

As I lay there, I felt myself getting drowsy and must have dozed off. The next thing I knew, I felt something jab against my side, stirring me from my slumber. Fluttering my eyelids at the still bright evening sun, I tried to focus in the direction of the disturbance. At first I wasn't sure of what I was looking at, but a second look confirmed that a totally nude Lori was busily stripping Tina's tight jeans down her legs. 

I just lay there for a moment or two, watching, and wondering if I was simply dreaming. Then I felt the jab in my side again and realized that it was Lori's foot poking me as she wrestled with the denim material. She was on her knees and giggling like a silly schoolgirl as she worked Tina's pants off of her. 

Tina was topless and happily giggling right along with Lori, her huge tits jiggling mightily. Apparently they were unaware that they had awakened me, and quite frankly, I don't think they cared. My first inclination was to hop up and join the fun, but I decided to wait, and watch, for a while. 

Lori tossed the jeans to the end of the blanket and quickly set about skinning the tiny bikini briefs off of Tina's hips, bringing her sparsely haired pubic mound into view. I watched as Lori discarded the wadded underwear and quickly dipped her head between the now upright knees of Tina's plump legs. It was only a moment before my girl had herself situated with her face only inches from Tina's slit. 

My cock had begun to swell again, and that tingling feeling returned to the pit of my stomach. My heart was racing and I was almost afraid to let them know I was watching them. I didn't want them to suddenly get modest on me and stop what they were doing, but at the same time, I wanted a better view of what was taking place. 

By now, Lori's lips had made their initial contact with Tina's vagina. Tina let out a long, deep, humming growl and her head dropped to the ground. She reached up and scooped her ample breasts in her own hands, squeezing and massaging them. I sensed the time was right and quietly eased myself onto my side and raised up on one elbow, propping my head in my hand. This gave me a rather clear view of my little honey as she lapped away at the other girl. 

Several minutes passed as Lori tongued-fucked Tina's nearly hairless twat, the latter female moaning in bliss the whole time. It was all I could do to keep from jumping up, stripping, and sticking my now rock-hard boner into my gal. I was seriously considering doing that very thing when Tina's eyes opened and she let out a breathy "Have a nice nap?"

I was almost speechless and simply nodded the affirmative with a smile. While I did, Lori took note that I was awake and retreated from between Tina's legs. At first I thought my fear of a modesty attack was coming true, but was relieved when she simply moved to lock lips with me again. 

As she kissed me, I could taste Tina's sweet nectar coating my baby's lips and tongue. A surge of pure lust shot through me and I wondered just how far the pair would go without any intervention from me. As horny as I was, I still had this desire to just watch them make love. It was something I had thought a good deal about, especially knowing their history. I had seen chicks on porn movies do it, but never in real life. 

"Want to join us Babe?" Lori tempted me.

"Not yet... I just want to watch for a while, if that's okay with you," I answered, hoping that she would continue without me. I guessed that if they were willing to get it on in front of me, I'd be well-fucked later, so I was content to wait. 

Tina interrupted, almost whining, "Come on Lori, I want to do you." It was obvious that she wasn't being bashful, which was no big surprise to me. Ever since we'd had our three-way, it wasn't uncommon for her to walk around the house, which Doug and I shared, totally nude. She didn't have the self-conscious attitude that Lori had exhibited at times. It wasn't that Lori was a prude by any means, but she could show a timid streak. 

Lori licked my lips seductively and, in a husky voice, whispered, "Okay, but you're missing out on some hot pussy." 

Without another word, Lori leaned away from me and the two females switched positions. Tina wasted no time diving into the contrastingly thick bush that adorned my sweetie's mound, dipping her tongue between the nearly hidden, pink folds. Lori moaned with passion as the older, although not by much, female slithered her licker in and out of her young and tender hole. 

I continued to watch, in awe, as the pair squirmed around in carnal abandon. Lori's eyes clenched shut and she began attacking her own nipples, pulling and twisting them. Her gut flinched and trembled as Tina worked her over. I had to admit, it appeared that she was as good at eating pussy as she was at sucking cock, which I knew from experience she could do very well. 

Just as I opened my mouth to suggest that they switch to a sixty-nine, Tina pulled her face away from Lori's crotch. She raised to her hands and knees, crawling over my girl's prone form until her face was hovering over Lori's. Her huge melons hung down, pressing against Lori's smaller, but still voluminous orbs. 

Tina lowered her mouth to Lori's and the pair began a lengthy and heated french kiss. Their tongues darted back and forth, chasing each other in and out, sharing Lori's essence; Something I knew the flavor of intimately. Ultimately, they began taking turns sucking deeply on the others oral organ, almost as they would have sucked a dick. The sight was tremendously erotic, to say the least. 

After about five minutes of this display, Tina lifted a little and hauled her Double-D hooters upward, until they were dangling heavily above Lori's face. Lori didn't hesitate and began to lick and suck at the stiff nipples that capped the hefty monsters. Her hands soon joined in the action, squeezing and kneading Tina's knockers until the girl was cooing her approval. 

This continued for a few more minutes, and then Tina pulled her chest away from Lori's face. Tina drew her body down Lori's, and then lowered her mouth to my sweetie's bosom. Tina reciprocated the treatment Lori had given her, suckling her perfect tits with a wild wantonness. Lori's facial expressions, and her "Mmm"s told me that Tina was definitely pleasing her. 

Tina shifted her position again, nudging her big ass past my torso, realigning herself so that she could reach Lori's crotch with her hand. She carried on with her oral stimulation of Lori's breasts while she began to softly stroke my girl's bush. It was quite the sight to behold. With Tina's chubby bottom pointed at me, bent over Lori's chest, her fingers dancing in the dark tangles of pubic hair. 

I could no longer see Lori's face, but I could certainly hear the deep, sighing mewl that came from her throat as Tina dipped her middle finger into the girl's wet and inviting hole. Lori's hips rose from the blanket, just slightly, encouraging the digit to drive deeper. And Tina responded by slowly pushing the entire length of her probing member into my lover. 

"Ohhh... Uh-huhhh," came Lori's drawn out and lusty response. 

My boner was becoming increasingly uncomfortable encased in my blue-jean cut-offs. I stood up, pulled my T-shirt over my head, noticing that my pre-cum had soaked through the denim, leaving a silver dollar sized spot next to the fly. Unconcerned, I unfastened the shorts, working them off my hips. Letting the drawers drop to my ankles, I discarded them with a little kick of my foot and they landed on top of Tina's crumpled jeans. 

With my hard-on sticking out in front of me, but much more comfortable, I returned to my place on the blanket. But, before I resumed my lounging posture, I couldn't resist running my hand over the curve of Tina's round butt. Her flesh was soft, yet firm at the same time, as I gave her left cheek a gentle squeeze. As I leaned away from her, I let my fingers trail down the length of her crack, teasing her with the potential of me delving deeper. 

Tina shifted, shuffling her knees a little wider apart, I suppose in anticipation of me continuing. I could plainly see the wetness gathering in her crotch and gave thought to providing for her obvious needs. Before I could really consider it, though, Lori wrangled her left hand between Tina's thighs, bringing it up, right into the sweet spot. 

I watched Lori's slender fingers toy with the woman's clit for a few brief seconds, then she worked two of them between the woman's puffy labia. Tina's head lifted from Lori's chest just long enough to utter an approving, "Ohh-yeahh."

For the next ten minutes or so, the girls fingered each other while they kissed and petted one another. Their moans and groans escalated throughout the period, elevating my own arousal. Finally, I couldn't stand it any longer, my cock aching for some action, and had to join in the fun. 

Getting to my feet again, I moved to the far side of the blanket, my heels in the grass, next to Lori and directly across from Tina. She had noticed me assuming the new position, and knowingly raised into a full kneeling stance. She leaned across Lori's body and swiftly engulfed the head of my dick as the pre-cum oozed freely from it. 

She extracted her finger from Lori's box and raised her hands to my hips, shuffling her knees for a better posture to blow me. I could see that Lori's hand had moved right along with Tina's hips as she repositioned to take me in. My dark-haired sweetheart continued working in and out of the rotund woman's cunt, while Tina serviced my manhood. 

While I knew that Lori was still working Tina's pussy, I really couldn't tell what she was doing. Whatever it was, it was having a very robust effect on the pudgy female sucking my cock. After just a few minutes, Tina pulled her mouth off of my boner and leaned her forehead against my thigh. 

A few seconds later, she whined, "Uh-Uh-Uhhhh," as her body shuddered, her grip tightening on my hips. I glanced downward again and could see the woman's hips gently undulating above Lori's arm. Tina's big, heaving tits partially blocked my view of what was taking place between her thighs, but there was no doubt that she was cumming. 

After a minute or two, Tina released her hold on my hips and slumped backwards, flopping down on the blanket with a loud, "Phweww." 

I looked down at my beautiful sweetie and she tantalizingly brought her fingers, coated in Tina's pussy juice, to her mouth. "Uhhmmmm, Mmmm," she moaned as she slowly sucked them clean. 

By now I was totally hot for her and dropped myself over her body, thrusting my prick into her unceremoniously. "God damn you're a hot little slut," I muttered as I drove into her. I had come to find out that there were times when she liked to hear me to call her that. I guessed that this was probably one of those times. But in all honesty, that was exactly how I felt about her at that very moment. 

Huffing and puffing, continuing to talk dirty to her, I hammered in and out of Lori's tight, wet box for a couple of minutes. Then I felt Tina's presence, apparently recovered enough to join us again. Reaching between us, she began to tweak and pull at Lori's erect nipples, bringing pleasured whimpers from my girl.
