 Following on from the fun I had with Jim and his two friends, we would all get together again for more fun six week later. Jim had a holiday property on the Isle of Sky and arranged for Mike to carry out some repair work along with another contractor over a weekend. He organised a surprise trip to London for his wife and her sister for the same weekend, which meant he had the house all to himself and I had our top floor all alone too. The weekend ended up being an utterly amazing screwing session, that lasted from Saturday morning until early Monday morning. 

The Saturday morning arrived after a tension filled week. I had been absolutely gagging to meet them again (shameful I know!) I had been finger banging myself crazy all week as I thought of what may occur over the weekend. In preparation I had completely waxed my cunt, leaving it totally bald and smooth without a trace of hair on my mound or lips. I had purchased some new black seamed stockings, a new mini dress and had my hair semi dyed with blonde streaks. Mike was thrilled at my new look, unaware that the transformation was for my benefit and for to please my dirty older men.

Mike set off at about 10 o'clock and I gave him a kiss and sent him merrily on his way. The money was excellent for the job; little did he know I was playing my part in him earning it as well. Once he was gone I showered and began to dress myself. I confess I also had a finger fuk as I showered, my thoughts were driving me crazy.

Elsie and her sister left at about 11 o'clock in the morning, a taxi collecting them and taking them to the train station. The car had only just pulled away when Jim arrived at the door. I opened it to see him smiling from ear to ear like the Cheshire cat.

I was already dressed in my black mini-dress, my black four inch spike heels and seamed nylons. I had on a thin silver anklet on my right foot; to show I was a willing, shared slutwife. My usual conservative makeup had been replaced by heavy blusher, lipstick (red) and pale blue eyeshadow. My new streaked hair was tied in two pigtails.

"You ready for this then love?" he smirked as he walked in and sat down. "You look damn hot!" "I can't wait," I truthfully said to him, thanking him for the compliment.

"Good lass!," he replied. "We're gonna have a great weekend and lots of fun. Hope you can take everything we have planned!" he quipped.

"I will try my best," I said back smiling as I did so. The day was to start slowly with Vince and Barry arriving at about 1130 am, and immediately coming up to our apartment. On arriving we exchanged soft kisses as I moved between all three older guys for a snogging session. No pretense at anything other than I was theirs for to do as they wanted and willingly so.

I was complimented on my outfit and as ever they gushed about my legs and my arse. Their hands roamed over my arse and tits as we kissed and I had the odd feel of their cocks through their trousers as we exchanged saliva.

The kissing had me juicing up nicely. My tongue had explored all of their mouths in turn when I was finally told of the plans for lunchtime.

I was to be taken out to a nice restaurant in a nearby village, wined and dined, and as Barry said 'later on sixty nined.'

We drove to the village in Vince's car. Me in the back alongside Barry with Jim in the front directing. Barry and I held hands for part of the trip and exchanged more heavy kisses for the rest.

On arrival I excused myself and went to the loo to freshen up. I redid my makeup and applied more perfume too. On getting back to the bar area we were quickly seated in a quiet corner and were served some drinks. The conversation flowed, quite risque at times, but nothing too overtly heavy yet.

"We have a wee present for you Anna," Baz chirped in after a few minutes.

"Ooh that sounds exciting!" I replied, eagerly waiting to see what these randy buggers had got me.

"Well strictly speaking it's two." Jim answered back. "We couldn't decide so got you them both!"

Vince then placed a wrapped parcel on the table.

I thanked the guys for the gift as i began slowly unwrapping it. 

"Oh thanks guys. There was no need to buy me anything at all. I was so desperate to meet up again, but that's so kind of you."

I could see the waitress hovering a short distance away, but she seemed to be waiting for me to open the gift before approaching to take our food order. Once I had opened I let out a small giggle.

"You randy sods! How am I supposed to explain these too my husband!?" I laughed as I pulled out the two gifts.

Two large vibrators. One black one with a huge head and one rabbit styled one.

"Go on unwrap them and show us them," Jim ordered. 

I could sense they wanted to shock. The restaurant was half full. We were in a corner and the nearets couple was two tables away, still far enough to see if they wanted to look at what was going on behind them.

I did as instructed and Vince now had one hand sliding on my leg under the table. He had reached my bare flesh and the end of my stocking tops as he rubbed gently.

"This is massive!" I told them as I took the big black one out from it's wrapper.

"You will take it," Baz said to me.

"I'll fucking certainly try!" was my crude answer.

I had parted my legs and Vince's hand had travelled a lot further. He was now rubbing my clit and preparing me for penetration.

"No knickers," he informed the other two. "I told you, you can get the drinks bill then Baz old boy!"

I asked what he meant and they admitted to having a wager between Baz and Vince if I would be going commando or not. 

"I didn't bet as I knew what the answer would be!" Jim added.

Baz asked how Vince knew. I looked at him straight in the eye. "He knows cos he's got two fingers up my cunt Baz!"

Vince smiled. 

"Make that three!" I moaned.

"No let's make it four, you fucking slut," he replied as he wiggled another finger up my absolutely soaking gash.

I was now unwrapping the rabbit vibro and had four fingers sloshing up my fanny as the waitress came over to take the order. Thankfully she couldn't have seen what was happening under the table due to my position and the long tablecloth. She could clearly see the two vibrators now lying on the table however! She took our orders with a smirk on her face as she looked at the vibrators. Jim noticed it and added an explanation.

"It's her birthday so we thought we would treat her," he laughed as he said it.

"Happy birthday!" she said to me with a wink as she turned to walk away.

Vince was now wriggling his thumb up beside his fingers. I was so wet it easily slid into my cunny alongside his long, slender digits and slowly he moved his hand deeper.

I let out a small moan as he began to twist his hand to push deeper. Spiralling it like a corkscrew to begin to get his full hand up me, he slowly began to delve deeper.

"Make that the full fist boys," he proudly announced to the others.

I had now parted my legs as wide as I could without making it totally obvious.

Jim looked at me.

"Is he fisting you Anna? Fist fucking you in a restaurant, in broad daylight?!"" he quietly asked.

"Y...Y..Yes," I stuttered.

"Are your legs wide enough for him to get his whole fucking hand up your married cunt easily?" Jim spat the words at me.

"Just, just about wide enough," I panted. "Oh god yes."

"Spread them wider then. You know you want too," he ordered me.

I moved ever so slightly. By doing so I was able to move my right leg out from under the table. Thankfully this was obscured from anyone else's view by both Jim and Baz sat opposite us.

My stocking clad leg was now seen by both guys, the hem of my mini dress just visible.

"Pull that dress right up. Go on show us some bare flesh." Jim was now in command.

I did as instructed and hoisted my mini dress right up. Under the table I was now completely bare from the tops of my stockings at thigh height right up my bald pussy and above to my waist. My right leg, now out away from the table cover and which the other two could clearly see, was exposed showing my milky white thigh above my seamed nylon. My clasp had come undone from the suspender belt.

"Oh fuck yes," I muttered quietly.

"What can you see mate?" Baz asked Vinny.

"It's some sight mate!" he replied. "Her legs are wide as fuck mate., Dress up round her tummy. Suspender belt and stockings all on show for me mate. Heels digging in to balance her. My left hand is completely up her cunt now mate. Wrist deep aren't I love?"

"Y...Yes. Oh god yes!" I moaned quietly again.

Baz dropped a napkin and went under the table. It wasn't very discreet but no one seemed to notice.

"Christ what a fucking sight!" he explained on getting back up.

Vinny was now really going for it. His hand was whirling away, again spiralling in and almost out of my fanny with each thrust and stroke.

"What are you doing with your hands Anna?" Jim asked.

"I'm rubbing my clit with my right one and rubbing Vinny's hard on with the other," I told them.

"Your hand with your wedding ring and lovely engagement ring on eh!" Jim said. "Rubbing another guys cock as he fists you out. You dirty fucking tart."

Vinny kept up a steady rhythm. Pumping his snaking and corkscrewing hand in and out. I was creaming all over the place, his hand my thighs and dripping onto the chair.

Suddenly he took it out fully. The air rushed over my exposed and gaping pussy.

I let out an audible gasp.

Vinny then coolly picked up his glass of coca cola, displaying his hand to the other two. His hand was covered in white, frothy cream.

"Please finish me off," I literally begged still diddling my clit with my fingers. "Please Vinny!"

"That's our wee slut," Jim quipped. "Begging for an orgasm already."

He smiled and slowly moved his creamy handback under the table. "Only teasing love." he replied to me.

I was rubbing his cock hard now and his prick was straining at his trousers his massive hard on in my hand through the material..

This time there was no preamble, no finger by finger entry. He basically punched his hand back up my wet fuckhole.

A slop was audible and a gasp from me as he re-entered me and began to fist fuck me again.

"Go on you fucking gorgeous slut. Cum off . Cum off right here and now," Jim added.

I was so close anyway but his words sent me over the edge. I climaxed hard, biting my lip so as not to scream. His hand was deep up me and I was squirting like fuck all over it, the table cloth, my legs and the chair seat. Spray after spray of cunt juice and cream.

"Oh fucking hell yes. Yessss!" I announced my orgasm as discreetly as I could.

My legs shook violently, my muscles tensing and spasming. The other two noticed my exposed leg trembling.

"Big one eh!" Jim laughingly said as my wave of climax was still crashing.

I was panting but doing the best I could to be quiet.

"Oh god yes," I replied again. "Fucking hell Vince that was amazing."

He had now withdrawn his cum soaked hand and again was displaying it on top of the dining table to his two amigos.

"You are amazing," he said to me in a lovely tone. "I think they may need to wash the tablecloth and chair later. Jesus its fucking dripping off it!"

"No adjusting that dress now Anna," Baz requested. I moved my legs back under the table as the waitress approached us with our food.

I kept my hand on Vinny's cock.