 The meal was lovely and the chat continued to be risque but after the delightful orgasm we had settled into a more calm pace of naughtiness.

Intermittently I was rubbing Vinny's cock and he had the occasional grope of my leg and the odd flick of fingers over my pussy and clit.

After the main course we ordered dessert and the waitress announced there may be a little delay as the chef was behind. 

She apologised but we all told her it was no problem at all (it gave us more time for fun and frolics was the honest truth!)

She again noticed the two prominent vibros laughing with us that they were 'big ones', and that my husband was very daring buying them for me.

Jim loved the look on her face when he told her that none of them were my husband!

She looked shocked but a little inquisitive too.

Another bottle of wine appeared whilst we waited. During this period my leg was again outside the table and Baz had a good feel of it as best he could from his position.

Vinny was again onto my pussy, gently playing with my moist splayed lips and clit.

I decided I wanted a bit of fun too, so quietly unbuckled Vinny's trousers. Jim heard the zipper and commented on what I was doing. 

Vinny told his mates what was happening as he lifted his bum to allow me more access and for him to slip his trousers down a wee bit too.

My hand was now inside his loose fitting satin boxers and I was stroking his cock, then cupping his balls and slowly began wanking him to get him hard.

The other two guys were asking what was happening as we drank our wine and loved the running commentary I provided in hushed tones.

I was slowly tossing him off as the waitress lassie came back to apologise again. 

I slowed down my pace but kept my hand pumping his thick, stubby shaft all the time we chatted to her. I felt him stiffening at this, obviously being more turned on by the conversation with an oblivious lass whilst being fist pumped by me at the same time.

"His cock is getting really fucking hard now!" I proudly told them as I continued wanking him as she walked away.

"And that delicious pre-cum is flowing already isn't it love!" I chirped eagerly. "Jesus Vinny my hand is fucking dripping in the stuff!" and sure enough it was coated in his thin tatty water. He produced rivers of the stuff.

On taking a sip of my wine I removed my hand, leaving his cock standing proudly to attention, then licked my fingers clean of Vinny's pre-cum. I smiled at Baz and Jim as I did so.

"Fucking delicious!" I said.

Then as I went to replace it I spat quietly into it.

This gave me more lubrication to begin to fist his shaft a bit faster and definitely sloppier. Vinny kept up a gentle pace on my quim lips and clit as he began to groan a little and ever so slightly buck against my hand.

"Go on then spunk up all over my hand!" I pleaded with Vinny. "You know I want it. My first load of the day, all over my hand. I will lick it all up for you and you two dirty bastards can watch," I teasingly said.

Vinny gave out a low moan and a gutteral "Shit," as he started pumping thick cum out as my hand speed increased. He had three fingers up me now as well as he began cumming.

The first shot of spunk flew high up onto my bare arm, the second landed on my leg, the third and fourth splashed all over my fingers and the last two dribbled down his thick shaft and again onto my fingers, coating my wedding and engagement rings.

I smiled over at my two other lovers and simply said, "Covered!"

Jim laughed as Vinny was now relaxing from his cum. I still had my hand under the table but quickly brought it up when I knew it was really safe to do so.

"Jesus!" Baz exclaimed when he saw all the dripping thick white jizz on my hand and fingers.

"Look at this too," I told him showing him the slim line of spunk running down my arm. "There's another one on my leg too!" I informed Jim and Baz.

With that I lapped at my exposed hand, slurping up Vinny's thick cream. Then I sucked my fingers clean too, one by one, savouring the taste and making sure the boys saw me cleaning up my rings.

That felt so slutty. My rings, given to me by the man I loved, coated in another guys batter, and me sucking it all off, lapping it up like a fucking five pound (dollar) whore.

His spunk tasted lovely. All warm, gooey and salty...Delicious!

Our puddings came a couple of minutes later, giving Vinny enough time to buckle up again, and me to completely clean my hand. The cum was still on my exposed leg under the table and still running down my arm.

Once we had eaten them (a lovely cheesecake for me) I needed the loo. I tidied myself up, lowering my dress again and re-clasped my suspender and stocking that had pinged off during my fist fucking to make myself respectable.

I excused myself leaving with a pinch on the bum from Baz.

Once I had been for my pee I returned, oblivious and completely forgetting the fact that the spunk on my arm was still there. It may have been visible to some men whose eyes had followed me as I walked past them in a corridor! They seemed keen on my legs as well as I saw them eyeing them up and I flirtily straightened the stocking seam on my right leg. (The cum on my leg I admit to scooping off when pissing and giving it a slurping too!)

On walking to the table I noted Baz had taken Vinny's place. "My turn," he cockily said as I sat down.

"Oh you think so!" I jibed back at him adding a "we will see."

The waitress came over and asked about teas and coffees. We ordered them and again said don't hurry making the excuse that we could see she was busy, but in reality so as it would give us more time for fun and games.

Whilst waiting for our beverages Barry had placed his hand up my dress, again rubbing at my lips and flicking my clit. I had unbuckled his trousers and slowly took his already hard cock out. He shuffled down, just like Vince had done, so as I could get at him easier.

He was harder than Vinny at this point already and it immediately became clear wanking him off wasn't going to take too long. I had again parted my legs to allow him access and he fumbled with my clit which was hard and throbbing again.

I was really fisting his cock quite hard as he let out a groan and sure enough he started to cum all over my hand and fingers. His spurts all landed on me, either on my hand and fingers or again a couple on my leg.

Once finished cumming I scooped the drips from his shaft and again put my hand to my mouth, licking and savouring the offering.

The other two were smiling intently as the young lass came back with the teas and coffees. Baz still had his flaccid cum soaked cock out under the table cloth and still a couple of fingers up my pussy.

Once served and she was out of sight he buckled up again.

Jim asked him to swap places and I knew it was obviously his turn for some fondling and a handjob. On moving seats beside me I took the opportunity to really raise my dress up, it was now basically around my waist high up.

Below the table I was only wearing my heels, anklet, stockings and suspender belt.

"Good lass," Jim commented as he took his place beside me and saw my state of dress, or rather undress! "Let's take this up a wee notch eh lads!" he also added after telling them what I had done re my mini dress.

I was leaking a fair bit of pussy juice now again as the whole situation was so incredibly horny.

Baz was asked to move his seat so he basically was obscuring me completely from the possibility of being seen.

"Now get those legs really fucking spread you slut." Jim commanded.

I smiled and did as asked, spreading them both far out.

"Pass that big black vibro Vinny," Jim then said.

I looked at him and again smiled.

"Now start working that wet cunt of yours for us."

I was gone by this point. I was soaking wet and the tip of the new vibro easily splayed my lips and eased it's head into me. As I slowly began to work it in Jim was telling the other two what was happening and describing how wet my pussy was, how I was coating the vibro in my goo and how my legs seemed to be shaking.

After a couple of minutes of me banging at myself Jim unbuckled. He didn't just wriggle them down a bit though, he literally dropped his fucking pants and boxers to his feet!

"Work on that!" he said nodding to his big nine inches. He was also really hard already. With one hand using the vibro I took his dick in the other and proceeded to slowly wank him too. This was a difficult position to maintain so he took hold of the vibro and began working it up me. This allowed me to really get a good grip on his cock and then I started using both hands on him. "Fucking whore has both hands on me now lads! You just love it don't you darling," he teased.

"Yes you know I do," was my meek and slutty response This continued for about three minutes.

"Anyone about?" Jim asked Baz.

With a quick look about to see that everyone who had been closest to us had left, and that the waitress was all the way in the other room he told Jim we were all alone.

Jim picked up the pace with the vibro then pulled it out and put the creamy coated thing on the table standing bolt upright! "Get your lips on it love," he instructed me with a wry smile.

"We definitely all clear?" I asked again.

"Positive," was Barry's instant reply.

So without a moment's hesitation I lowered my head onto Jims lap and licked the tip of his huge dong. The lick turned into a lap, which then saw me opening wide and taking it fully into my mouth.

As I sucked on his cock I was wanking it with my right hand.

"Still clear," Barry updated us. This meant I could really get to work. I started to lick the full length of Jim's enormous shaft, then bobbed my head back down onto it. My spit was coating it nicely with each slurp and bob.

"Wank it hard," Jim again was instructing me.

I didn't need telling. "I fucking love it," I told them in between sucks. "I fucking love your huge cock Jim, god I want your cum so much!"

"How's the coast Barry?"Jim asked.

"Quickly, the waitress is coming over," he fired out.

I raised my head and closed my legs and Jim pushed himself right into the table.

We had forgotten the vibro!

The waitress asked if everything was okay with the meal and teas etc. I could see her glancing at the vibro which was stood upright, leaning on one of the wine glasses.

She looked at it, then at me and she smiled.

"Having fun then birthday girl?" she asked rather knowingly.

"Yeah we are," I replied in a cheeky tone.

"Looks like it," was the answer I got and a wink from her.

"Why don't I let you guys finish off and I'll be back in let's say 10 minutes to get everything finalised for you? I will make sure this area is kept free. We have more people in the other rooms and I will leave you guys all alone and undisturbed."

"Thanks honey," Jim said to her slipping her a twenty pound note. "A wee extra tip for you."

"Thanks and enjoy!" she said twirling away.

With her gone and obviously wise to the fact that we had been having a bit of naughty fun, we could get back to the matter in hand.

"Okay babes let's get back to it!" Jim said.

With this he pushed his chair back and out. This meant he was visible to us all.

"Fucking hell Jim!" Baz said aloud.

"The lassie said we won't be disturbed so it's nae bother!" he replied, stroking his proud, big cock as he said so.

I motioned for Barry and Vinny to move and they got my meaning. They moved their chairs to form a bit of a screen just incase. With that done I was able to wriggle around off my chair and over to Jim.

"Lets see your cunt!" he said to me bluntly.

I raised my dress up again, twisting it so that it would stay up a bit easier. I hooked it into my suspender belt to help keep it in place even better.

"Give her the vibro" Jim instructed Baz.

I was passed the big black vibrator and immediately slipped it inside me with a plop whilst I started to wank on Jim again. He was solid and at full length in a minute. My spit was dribbling down his thick shaft and down onto his balls as I tried to frig myself at the same time.

In the end Baz took over with the vibro to make it easier as I started to use both hands on JIm.

Sucking like a vacuum I had him red and swollen and oozing his pre-cum. "I fucking want it." I told them as I raised my head and tossed him furiously. "I fucking want all of it."

I looked at them all as I said this and they all were in lust their eyes full of passion and sheer desire. "Work it then!" Jim ordered, lying back in his chair as I continued to slurp loudly now at his enormous hard on.

I could sense he was close as his breathing fastened, so I sped up and moved my face close to his cock again. "I'm cumming for you Anna," he announced.

A few more sloppy pumps and he shot off.

His ropes of cum sprayed straight up. The first one caught me full on the face. The second hit the side of my cheek and the third caught my hair. I lowered my head to drain the next spurts straight down my throat. He spunked away in my mouth as I swallowed greedily. Once he had finished I lifted my head up and licked my lips. The cum was still on the side of my face and the jet that hit me full on the nose and lips was trickling down and onto my dress.

"Give me the vibro quickly!" I turned and said to Baz.

He picked it up from where it had dropped onto the floor amidst Jim's orgasm. I sat quickly down onto my seat, spreading my legs wide and hooking one high heel onto the table, my anklet swinging away on it and literally pounded my sopping wet cunt.

"Oh fuck yes guys I'm gonna cum again," I told my three watching older lovers.

After only about one minute I was climaxing on the vibrator as I banged it in and out hitting my G spot. My cunt began to spasm and spray my batter out again. I was creaming heavily again, my spray hitting my leg and also the table. The sounds of fucking and slapping were pretty clear as I came off heavily. I was shaking with the orgasm and with my legs still wide I used my fingers to scoop the last cum from my face and licked them clean. The spunk in my hair would just have to dry in, as would the dribbles on my dress, legs and stockings.

"Wow that was awesome!" I said to them as I had finished off my cleaning and began to straighten my mini dress back down.

"You are awesome," Vinny retorted. "And we love you for it."

Jim had pulled up his pants and buckled up again. We all then returned to the table. The vibro was placed lying on it's side covered in thicker cream again.

Barry said the waitress was coming back after another couple of minutes as we finished of the glasses of wine we had.

"You okay for the bill now?" she smiled as she put the tray down with the receipt and amount on it. Again she looked at the big black vibrator and it was obvious it had cum on it.

"You look like you are having a fun birthday!" she said to me directly winking again and nodding at the vibro.

I took out my makeup mirror and began retouching myself..God what a sight I was.

My face was sticky and all my lipstick was smeared off with a drip of cum still in my hair and stains on my dress front and stockings.

"Fun times had by all!" she quipped as Jim and Baz put the cash down.

"You better believe it," Vinny said to her.

"Can we have three whiskeys, just water in a jug please and a gin and tonic as well thanks," Jim turned around to her and requested..

"Here's twenty quid, keep the change for yourself. We will be going into your beer garden as we are waiting for some friends now."

I looked at him inquisitively.

"Friends?" I asked as the lass walked away to get our order.

"Aye a wee surprise love!" was his answer.

Baz picked up the creamy vibro and the rabbit one too, put them into the gift bag as he returned from the loo moments later.

They then all then walked out to the beer garden area which was very quiet save for three guys sat at a table, as I made my way to the loo to try to tidy myself up a bit more, and for another pee (once I go once I am terrible!)

On returning I saw them all sitting together...six of them.

Jim smiled as I walked towards them.

"Guys this is our Anna!" he announced. "Anna meet Harry, Jonno and Tam."