 The minibus soon arrived to pick us up. 

I was first in, followed by my new friends Harry and Tam. Jonno, Vince and Barry joined us in the back seats whilst Jim sat in the front alongside the driver.

It wasn't a long drive home and we didn't want to startle the taxi driver too much, so whilst there was a little bit of fun taking place it was nothing too heavy. 

The guys both had hands up my dress, rubbing my legs and feeling my nylons.

I enjoyed my first kiss with both Harry and Tam in the back, taking the opportunity to tongue both their mouths and run my hands over their crotch areas. They both were soon sporting hard-ons in their trousers.

Once we arrived back at Jim's house the fun and games really began.

We were all quite merry and a further round of drinks was supplied once we had settled in. 

I was now surrounded by these lovely six older men in Jim and Elsie's living room.

It felt deliciously wicked to be once again cheating, knowing that my hubby had encouraged me to show myself off at every opportunity to our older landlord.

Some music was put on and Tam was the first to get to grips with me during a little smoochie dance. 

The rest of the men were sitting watching us or standing slightly to our side as we danced together. This heavy set man had his hands all over me and his tongue in my mouth as I fondled his hard cock.

Within a couple of minutes he had been joined by Harry and they both pawed at me as I kissed them both hungrily in turn.

By this point my fanny was juicing up again at the knowledge I was going to receive a serious fucking from these six older men.

Jim was directing his friends to get their hands all over me. "Go on guys," he said. "Get the dirty bitches tits out and start sucking on them, that will have her creaming for your cocks."

Jonno had been very quiet so far but it was him who stepped forward and began and unzipping my dress.

"I think you'll be better off out of this," he said looking into my eyes. "I'm sure we all can't wait to get a really good look at your gorgeous body."

"The feeling is mutual!" I said back to him. He really was a strikingly handsome man. "You're fucking gorgeous," I said looking at him.

"Go on get your hands on my tits, feel free, you know want to get a handful of me you dirty fuckers," I laughed.

"I certainly do Anna," he said and with that he stepped forward replacing Tam in front of me.

He towered above me and then bent down and kissed me gently. By now my dress has dropped to the floor and I stood in my heels and black, seamed stockings, my bald fanny on display still with my bra on in front of all of these dirty old men. 

"You're absolutely gorgeous," he said to me in between gentle kisses on my lips. My hand had wandered to his crotch and I wasn't disappointed to find a straining hard cock.

"Somebody's enjoying themselves!" I laughed as we began to kiss each other earnestly, our tongues darting and flicking at each other whilst all of the other men stood cheering and urging him on.

My bra was then removed and he played with my erect nipples before taking a tit in his mouth and sucking on first my left one then the right.

"Go on, son. Get to work on the fucking slut!" Tam was saying loudly. "She fucking loves it the dirty whore."

Hearing myself described in such language had me even wetter. Jonno then slowly slid his hand down my stomach and onto my shaven cunny. 

I parted my legs and lent back against the wall as he slowly began to rub his finger around my clit.

"I bet she's fucking soaking!" I heard Jim say. In-between kissing Jonno I looked at him and told him loudly, so all the guys could hear me. "I'm fucking gushing you dirty cunts. You know I am, let me get at all these hard cocks, come on guys let me see what you've got."

As Jonno slipped two fingers up my creamy gash we continued french kissing. I could hear the sounds of unbuckling of trousers and on looking around the guys were starting to undress.

Tam was the first one to be fully naked, sporting a good size cock but with his large belly it was somewhat obscured from my view.

Jim was sat like the king of the castle in his own chair, his big 9 1/2 inch prick fully erect as he slowly tossed it up and down watching me with his friends.

Vinny and Baz both sat on the settee, stark naked and also playing with themselves. Vinnie's cock showing the tell tale signs of his leaking pre-cum already.

Jonno now had three fingers up me and I was spread legged against the wall, so I was now fully exposed for the guys to get a good view of. Only my black, seamed stockings and spiky high heels remained on.

Harry was now also completely naked and I was very impressed with the shape that he was in for such an old guy. He had a fully trimmed set of balls and was sporting a good 7 to 7 1/2 inches in length of solid cock.

I was gasping and groaning from the finger banging I was taking from my handsome stud. "Do you want to cum?" he asked me. 

"No, not just yet," I panted back. "You can bring me off whilst I suck on some of Vinnie's pre-cum if you like," I said to him.

With this we broke free and Vinnie beckoned me forward to suck on his dick.

"I'm leaking for you already sweetheart ,"he said to me. "Come and get it you dirty wee slut!"

I dropped to my knees and crawled on all fours across to the settee with Vinnie and Baz sitting on it. 

Behind me I could hear Jonno stripping off and could not wait to see this hunk completely naked.

I worked my way up Vinnie's thighs to his erect, dribbling cock.

"Just you watch this boys!" Jim was saying, "She's a fucking great cock-sucker and she is gonna love this I'm telling you."

He wasn't wrong!

I began licking up his balls slowly, his pre-cum was leaking down his shaft all the way to my tongue. I then started to slowly lick up and down his full cock length savoring the salty precum as it was oozing from his tip.

"God I fucking love cum!" I said licking my red lips and looking around the room at all of the men.

"It looks like it!" the voice from behind me said. I turned and looked over my shoulder to see Jonno standing behind me now fully naked and sporting an excellent sized cock, which was fully erect. His right hand was stroking at it as he looked at me lapping at Vinny's cock and cum.

"Come and get your fingers back on my clit please Jonno," I said to him, "You can finish off what you started whilst I work on some of the guys cocks".

He positioned himself behind me and began to expertly use his fingers around my clit and my wet gash. Finger banging me as well as stimulating my rock solid clit and also toying with my asshole at the same time.

I moved from Vinnie's dribbling prick across to Baz and gave him the same treatment. Licking at his balls, and then up and down his full shaft length before taking him into my mouth and beginning to work on him in a slobbering, sucking motion.

All the time Jonno was behind me continuing his finger bashing and expert clit teasing.

I was beginning to build up to an orgasm and wanted to cum off whilst sucking on Jim's huge prick.

I slowly turned and again crawled on all fours across to Jim sitting in his own chair.

My stocking on my right leg had come away from the suspender clasp and my lipstick was now smearing across my face.

"Go and get your lips on this fucking monster!" he said so the boys could all hear. "Let's all see you really enjoy a huge cock. You dirty wee fucking whore."

I was now very close to cumming and feeling utterly filthy.

"You know I love your prick Jim," I said to him. ""And you know that I'm going to cum off heavily sucking on it."

I again repeated the licking at his big, hairy balls then up and down his shaft whilst Jonno continued pleasuring me from behind on his fingers.

I began to spit on Jim's prick as I sucked and ran my tongue all over his big head, trying to get as much down my throat as possible. 

I could tell I was getting very close to orgasm, as my legs were beginning to tremble slightly and the tell tale feelings in my stomach of a crashing orgasm were beginning.

"I'm so fucking close to cumming Jonno love," I said. "Please, please keep going."

"Look at the bloody size of that!" Harry said as they all watched eagerly as I worshipped old Jim's big prick.

I was now in full slutwife mode.

"It's fucking massive isn't he!" I said in between slobbering and sucking on it. "He is fucking huge. Oh god I love it. Jim, I love your fucking big cock. You like watching me don't you guys? You like watching me being a slut, an unfaithful, fucking slut wife...Oh fuck. Wait till you see it right up my fucking slutty cunt. Oh god," I was panting heavily now as I spoke.

"Oh fuck yes, oh god it's huge Jim," as I slurped hard on his full thick shaft. Like a bitch on heat. I was so close to cumming at this point.

Jonno suddenly stopped finger banging me and I felt his hard cock nudge against my fanny lips.

"Oh fucking hell, yes go on bang me you bastard. Screw me like a fucking, dirty, married whore as I suck his cock."

This was too much for me and as Jonno slid his full length up me I began to orgasm. His cock pistoning in and out my sopping fanny. My juice spraying out all over him at all over the floor.

"Fucking hell!" he announced. "You're cumming like a train."

I was splashing my cum all over him now.

"Just keep pounding me you dirty bastard!" I said over my right shoulder.

"Pound my fucking cunt." I was know cumming massively all over this older, handsome guys cock.

Jim was sat laughing and smiling at me as he watched me enjoying my intense orgasm.

"I told you boys, Jimbo knew she was a wee tart the moment I saw her. The moment the wee tart came asking for to rent the flat from us. I Knew she would be all over my cock soon enough! I knew I could get the wee tart to have fun with you lot too. I told you didn't I Baz?"

"You did Jim, you knew, you fucking knew mate," Baz said back in response, as he wanked on his cock watching the filthy action.

I was loving hearing this again. How he ogled me from the very start, and how he could see my longing for him from the moment we met.

"Wearing your wee slutty mini skirts, your stockings and whore dresses and your trampy heels, you wanted me didn't you Anna. You wee tart!"

I couldn't argue.

"From the moment I saw you Jim," I said slobbering on his cock again.

"You love cock don't you?" he asked. "Tell the guys how much you love cock."

"Oh fuck yes Jim. You know I do. You know I love your cock, god I just love being fucked."

"I know love," he said looking around "And you're doing all this as your husband is away working for me for money aren't you, you dirty slapper." 

"I am Jim and I fucking love it. I'm yours and you're my lover."

"I know you are darling," he said back." And you are also a whore for my friends now aren't you!"

"I am a dirty married whore for you Jim. I can't get enough cock!" I said as my orgasm was beginning to subside. 

The action was now in full swing.

After my crashing orgasm had subsided, Jonno slipped his length from my wet pussy and stood up. I was soon savouring my first taste of this horny, handsome guys cock. 

Kneeling, I kissed the tip of his hard member and then slowly took him fully into my mouth tasting my own juice as I did so. I sucked wantonly on this married man's cock, whilst being encouraged to do so by Jim as he sat slowly fisting his raging hard on. 

I then felt another body behind me and looked over my shoulder continuing to work on Jonno's lovely cock as I did so.

It was Chubby Tam who was now positioning himself behind me. "You going to give me a quick fucking as well?" I asked him. 

With this we moved into a spit roast position with me on the floor, legs spread wide in my stockings and heels, as Jonno's cock used my mouth from the front and chubby Tam began teasing my clit and labia with his thick stubby cock.

He began to slide his length up me, stretching me a little bit as his cock was quite thick.

I began moving back and forwards rocking gently to take his full length right up me.

"That's it buck back against me you dirty married bitch," he said and then spanked my ass.

"Oh you like spanking me do you, you dirty bugger!" I retorted. "Go on then, do it again, spank it as you bury your big, thick, cock right up my hole."

He playfully gave me two more slaps on the same arse cheek, stinging me as he did so and leaving a red handprint on my white ass.

My hunk Jonno was now slapping my face with his cock in front of me, and guiding my head in between these slaps to try to get as much of him down my throat as I could.

This handsome gent was now beginning to treat me as I love to be treated, like a real dirty fucking slag.

"Try and deep throat me Anna," he said. "Try and get my cock right down your throat."

Jim laughed, "Don't worry mate she will take your fucking balls and all! The wee tart has had mine completely down her throat, so if she can get my big boy down, then yours will be no problem."

I slowly swallowed his length, inch by inch until my face and nose what pressed fully against his balls and his full seven to seven and a half inches was buried down my throat.

Tam had now grabbed my waist and began to pound me quite hard from behind making me gag all over Jonno's throbbing gristle. 

As he withdrew his length from my throat my spit and saliva coated it fully, and dripped from his shaft length in strings of silvery ribbons.

"Go on really work it you bitch." he said to me, winking at me he did so.

I again began to slowly take his cock length down my throat inch by inch, this time it slid down a little easier as it was completely covered in my spit.

Tam withdrew his length saying, "I don't want to spunk just yet," and he was replaced by Baz behind me.

The guys then took turns and fucked me doggystyle on the floor as I wantonly presented my dripping wet cunt for them to ream. Baz first then Vinnie, then back to Tam and Harry and back to Baz, then back to Vinnie or Harry, all the while I was working on Jonno's cock.

"Right darling time for the big monster!" Jim said to me.

He positioned himself at the end of the chair and said, "Watch her take this all! Watch our sexy wee tart take a real fucking good length."

I stood up straightening and reclasping my laddered stockings as I did so. Jim was now sporting a fully erect cock. His nine and a half inches standing proud. "Come and get that tight little fanny on this!" he said laughing.

I positioned myself over Jim's legs, my bald fanny lips brushing against his tip as I faced him.

I planted a deep open-mouthed French kiss on my older lover and he responded by ramming his tongue down my throat and feeling my ass and legs whilst he did so.

The other men had circled around all standing watching, ready to see me take Jim's huge dick. I slowly bent my legs, allowing Jim's cock head to nudge against my wet lips.

I looked around at the other guys all standing slowly wanking and run my with my tongue all over my lips. My red lipstick had smeared badly and so Vinny had passed me my lipstick from my bag so that I could touch it up.

Once I had reapplied my bright red, tarty lipstick, I lowered down onto Jim's dick, taking his round, swollen head up my slippery tube.

I let out a small groan in delight as he speared me once more.

I then raised myself up teasing Jim's cockhead on my hole and over my clit.

"Right boys let me put a little show on for you," I said, again running my tongue all on my red ruby lips.

I did it again this time taking more of his bulbous head and his first couple of inches up my gash. This was repeated by me raising myself fully off to expose Jim's wet prick so the guys could all see how I was coating it as I lowered myself onto it.

The next few minutes continued the same, each time lowering myself a little bit lower and taking an inch more of Jim's delicious thick, veiny, cock up my cunny.

I could wait no further and my moans and groans were no longer just for the effect of getting the guys turned on, I was beginning to build up to another orgasm myself.

Jim sat proudly smiling as I thrust myself up and down on his cock.

"She fucking loves it boys. I tell you, she loves it. The dirty bitch is down here every chance she gets, bouncing up and down on old Jimbo, aren't you darling!" he said proudly.

My eyes were now rolling over as my orgasm was building. My pigtails bounced as I rode up and down ready to take his full length up my creaming gash.

"I do Jim. You know I do. I absolutely love your big, thick cock. Fucking hell I'm so close to cumming again. I'm so close to cumming off Jim. Oh god I really want it all up my fucking wet fanny again."

"Then go on lassie, do so," Jim laughingly said. "I'm sure the guys won't mind watching you take the full extent of my cock right up your cheating married fanny".

I raised myself fully off his cock his length, all slippery and slimy with my juice, and then I could resist no longer. I simply slammed down burying his full shaft right up my twat.

My legs were shaking and trembling, my tits bouncing up and down as I rode my elderly lothario.

"I'm going to cum. I'm going to fucking cum. You're gonna make me cum again you dirty bastard!" I screamed.

"Go on sweetheart you cum off come off with Jim's balls slapping your wee clitty and my cock right up you, you dirty bitch."

I couldn't hold back any longer. I needed to cum. With a slow, rocking motion I began to hump his cock really hard, his full shaft still buried deep up me.

My orgasm was now crashing upon me.

"Yes!" I screamed as I began juicing all over his shaft and his balls.

"Look at the bloody amount of juice this wee bitch is spraying!" Harry said. "Fucking hell the bitch just keeps cumming and cumming."

I was orgasming very heavily spraying more fanny juice all over my lover, all over his legs and on the floor.

"You dirty fucking bitch!" Harry said. "Fucking hell Jim, when you said she was a wee tramp I had no idea how much of a fucking whore this bitch was!"

I continued to buck against Jim as he said he was going to cum too.

"You've got me close lassie ,"he said. "You've got me very close."

"Well give it to me then!" I replied. "Give it to me, seed my belly again you dirty bastard, go on spunk up me Jim. Breed me you fucking dirty bastard." 

I could sense Jim tensing as I slammed back down on his hard cock and I could feel his seed start to splatter and coat the inside of my fanny and womb.

"Oh yes you dirty bitch. I'm cumming now. I'm cumming heavily. That's it take my spunk."

I continued riding him, draining his balls of all his jizz.

Once we had both finished climaxing I gave him a kiss and then slowly rose up from my old lovers softening cock.

On standing up a trickle of his cum slid down my wide open fanny lips and snailed all the way down onto my stocking covered legs.

This was the cue for the other five guys to spunk up as well.

First to cum was Harry. He had been working quite hard watching me riding his friend, and as soon as I was fully off Jim he told me to get my lips on his cock.

I knelt down on the floor, still with Jim's cum dribbling down my right thigh. I wrapped my bright red lips around this old man's cock.

It didn't take long, just a simple couple of sucks and I could feel him explode in my throat. He let out a cry as his balls began to empty and unload down my willing slutty throat.

I didn't spill a drop of Harry's cum and sucked and licked his cock clean telling him that I had really enjoyed tasting his salty jism.

I was put back onto all fours and spit roasted again this time by Jonno and Baz.

Jonno fucked me really hard from behind ploughing mei with his hard cock as Baz simply wanked off in front of me.
