 In the mid-eighties, before the internet became a household necessity, I married a good-looking Midwestern girl named Hannah. We were both twenty-one years old and full of hopes, dreams and sexual prowess. Like anyone else in that age group, I had no desire to hear anyone speak to me of the wisdom that comes with experience. I lived a full nine years in blissful ignorance until reality kicked me in the teeth.

As pretty as she was, I always thought Hannah was shy around people. On her thirtieth birthday, I decided to surprise her by coming home early with a bouquet of flowers, but the shock was on me. I walked in to find her blonde hair swaying over our upstairs neighbor Jake's lap while some guy I'd never seen before pounded her from behind.

I was no babe in the woods, but the closest I'd come to witnessing such a scene was on the pages of sleazy magazines—pictures taken at clever angles to hide the fact the guys weren't really in the girl. But Hannah and her friends weren't falsifying anything. I walked in unnoticed and stood watching as Jake's cock thumped between her lips and a pearly bead dripped from the corner of her mouth. What I witnessed may have broken my heart, but at the same time, it surpassed any erotic fantasy I had ever dreamed of.

Dumbfounded as I was, I found it in myself to ask Hannah why she did it. Still toweling her crotch, she huffed in an aloof tone, "Not everything has a reason, Sari. Some things just happen by chance. I felt bottled up...like there was nothing more. I guess I wanted to break free of that."

Needless to say, I was soon on my own. I was thirty years old, but still solid as a rock and virile as a young bull. It was a bit overwhelming at first, living in a small apartment with traffic roaring by at all hours of the night, but I adjusted in due time.

I came to appreciate the time I had to myself. No one nagged me for drinking a third or fourth beer, or tried to turn off the game I was watching. Moreover, any fear that my sex life was over was soon abated. It turned out there were ample opportunities for a man with some punch left in his potency.

It was a simple matter of going out and talking to women—at the park, the local festivals, or even a good old fashion watering hole. I still had unpacked boxes on the floor the night I took a gal named Sandra home. She was the bank teller who re-issued my debit card without Hannah's name on the account. That same night, I buried my cock in her velvety hug and groaned as a succession of viscous jets spurted my deposit into her living vault. She smiled at me the next time I saw her, twirling the rings on the fourth left finger—the ones she wasn't wearing when we hooked up.

I was getting my share and more, but I could sense the proverbial walls closing in. Sooner or later, I'd run out of prospects, or into a jealous ex. Perhaps that pressure was what motivated me to act on something that had meandered through my dreams for years, even when I was with Hannah.

I worked in the same building as a girl named Lanelle d`Chevreaux. We often chatted at lunch and took strolls around the parking lot. I had maintained my cordial composure as a married man, but tucked many deep desires in the folds between myself my spirit. Over time, we confided in each other about most anything—sometimes even our private lives. After I left Hannah, images of Lanelle filled many a restless night's sleep.

She called herself Lan for short. Her long, full auburn hair sparkled with rich ruby highlights. A peaceful quality always surrounded her. She spoke in a soft, understated voice with a song-filled tonality that soothed the senses.

Such was her etiquette that it was easy to imagine her strumming a guitar and singing beside a Volkswagen bus with peace signs all over it. But it was easier to imagine holding her hand. On our next walk I tried to do just that, but Lan denied me the honor, doubting we were compatible. Her elucidation was so sweet I wound up agreeing at first. But while Lan evaded specifics, something in her explanation told me an angel of unbolted fervor dwelt behind her hazel eyes.

Still, Lan never avoided me. She turned down two more of my half-hearted date requests, but still walked with me on our lunch break. I don't think I asked her the third time. As I recall it, I was complaining that she hadn't given me a chance. What I do remember was her statuesque pose—her auburn halo glimmering with red sparkles as the wind played with it in the midday sun. A slight but precious smile found her glossy lips as she touched my chin. "I have a story, too," she confided in her sing-song tone.

"I-I'd love to hear it," I urged.

"It's not a tale I enjoy telling. It's one of being kept...of never being allowed to express myself."

"Does it have a happy ending?"

Lan smiled and touched my cheek. "It hasn't ended yet," she tendered, gesturing for me to sit on a bench in the picnic area. "I know you've been through a lot," she continued. "But I believe everything happens for a reason. Nothing happens by chance. Baseless fears about our actuality limit us and make us believe life offers us nothing but what we see before us. That's when we blame others and act out, like your wife did."

"It wasn't acting," I quipped.

The atmosphere around me seemed to crackle as she reached for my hand. I fought to inhale—as if the air had thinned. Tingles shivered the back of my neck as her gaze fixed on mine. "I'd like you to come to my friend Cassie's home on Saturday night. She's having her friend Rhett over and the four of us may gel."

"L-like a date?"

"Not in the traditional sense, but you'll learn a lot about me. You'll understand why I've been reluctant to pursue a relationship with you."

"So, there's...still a chance?"

A gust of wind seemed to blow on cue as a full, enchanting smile raised her cheeks. "Pick me up seven thirty," she replied. "I have to get back to work."

****

That Saturday night, I picked Lan up at her modest but well-kept house just before eight o'clock. She opened the door and stepped out as I pulled my truck in the driveway. I let out a gasp at the sight of her slender form blessing a red blouse, denim skirt and strapped sandals. In my best attempt at chivalry, I ran around and opened the door for her, trying not to get caught gawking at her slender legs as she climbed in.

She was pleasant and cordial on the short drive, but not forthcoming. When I alluded to the story that might unlock the mystery of her reticence, she turned to me and smiled, pausing several seconds before singing, "Keep an open mind, Sari."

We walked to the door of Cassie Harmon's home at eight-fifteen. Her friend Rhett answered, surveying Lan with his brown eyes. She kissed him on the cheek as she passed. Inside the Foyer, he and shook my hand as Lan introduced me. "Cassie's in the living room," he acknowledged. "I'll join you in a minute."

A pretty, petite blonde sat on the sofa with her eyes closed and her bare feet on the coffee table. She wore a red and white flowered sundress and ear-muff headphones. I almost gasped at the depth of her dark blue eyes as she opened them. They sparkled as she took off the headset and bounced up to greet us. She offered me a brief, flirtatious smile before bouncing over and tugging at the sides of Lan's denim skirt. "You look so sweet in that!" she squeaked. Turning back to me, she sported a sudden tantalizing grin. "Betcha'd like to see me pull it off her," she sassed.

As I stood searching for words, Rhett returned with four glasses of white wine on a tray. He set it on the coffee table and sat at the left end of the sofa, patting the center cushion. To my surprise, it was Lan who answered the call, sitting to his right and patting his thigh.

"Cop a squat, Sari," urged Cassie, gesturing to a cushy chair to the left side of the sofa. Raising her elbows, she set her golden hair free from its tight ponytail, then shook it behind her shoulders before plopping down on the far side of Lan.

Cassie and Rhett seemed like good folks, but I was hoping to keep the visit short. Lan wanted me to meet her friends to better understand her, and I deemed myself an understanding guy. But once the visit was done, I hoped to learn what mysteries frolicked behind her hazel gaze.

Rhett leaned forward and handed Lan and Cassie each a glass of wine. Turning to me, he offered, "There's beer if you'd prefer it."

"Go with the wine," urged Cassie. "I don't like beer in a guy's breath."

Noting my dumbfounded look, Rhett sat back and took a sip of wine. "I don't think Lan filled him in," he proposed.

Curiosity gripped me as Cassie turned to Lan and asked, "Didn't you tell him?"

"Tell him what?" asked Lan, raising her glass to her lips. She took a quick sip and continued, "I brought a date to your home. What happens now is up to whatever dynamic we all see fit."

My heart skipped a beat as Cassie set her chin on Lan's shoulder. "You picked the wrong best bud to test dynamics on," she sassed. "Your panties...hand 'em over."

Dumbfounded, I wondered where I should focus my eyes. I stared into the hallway and held my breath, wondering if she meant it. She did. Out of my peripheral vision, I saw Lan bend her legs. The next thing I knew, a pair of pink and green panties hung from Cassie's finger. As I dared to look, I re-assessed my calculation. It was two tiny pairs—one pink, one green. I swallowed the lump in my throat and spoke up, "Now I know I'm missing something."

Cassie bounded over and straddled the left armrest of my chair. Her wafting breath tickled my ear as she leaned in and asked in a tone above a whisper, "Be honest, Sari, what were your plans for tonight?"

Staring at Lan, I answered, "I-I was coming to meet you guys. Then I figured we'd go back to my place...L-Lan and me."

"What were you going to do at your place?"

"Well, I-I was treating it like a date. Lan said it wouldn't be a traditional one, but—"

As I stuttered and stumbled, my attention was drawn to Rhett's hand caressing Lan's thigh. My stunned gaze followed it beneath the hem of her skirt. Lan grasped his forearm and gave him a playful shove. "Give me a minute or two," she chimed, ruffling his hair. She stood up and side-stepped to the armrest of the couch, just off to my right. "If you want to leave," she offered, "I'll get a ride home with Cassie."

"I-I came to learn about you."

A sparkle of timeless acumen glistened in her eyes as she leaned close. "Sari," she chimed. "I may someday seek true love, but not right now. What I truly desire is an alpha...a man who accepts me for who I am. I believe love is the most powerful thing a person can experience, but I don't see sex the same way. Love is pure emotion...sex is an action. I believe they can be attached, but I don't believe they need to be. Cassie is my best friend among a small group who sees it that way, too."

"S-so pardon my description," I begged, "but you bounce around—"

"We're not bunnies," interrupted Cassie. "Lan's always been reluctant to choose a number one, but she's tired of being a third or fifth wheel. She's taking you for a test drive, so don't blow it."

"I-I'm still here, aren't I?"

"That you are," she chimed, stroking my forehead. "To understand me better, consider Cassie's intent. She wants to interact with you, then offer her precious challis to Rhett, filled with your seed. It's not to tease or cuckold him, but to drive his alpha hormones into white-hot fervor. She'll watch him interact with me, satisfying my natural compulsion to be seeded with various genealogies...the primordial urge forged into the blueprint of every female by the same will that forged the vastness of the cosmos."

"W-well when you put it like that—"

"Think, Sari," she urged. "Picture me laden with Rhett's seed, planted in me for the sole purpose of lustful gratification. Would you cast me aside as a slut, or would you embrace me? Would you establish your prowess and plant your will in me? Would you fill me with—" 

"Lan," interrupted Cassie. "I'd say he's convinced. He's rippin a boner."

Cassie was right. My pounding pole thumped as it challenged the waistline of my shorts. She placed her palm over my crotch and giggled. "Lan's been planning that speech so long she never considered what to do if it worked."

I fought not to whimper as they leaned in on both sides and puffed their soft breath in my ears. Cassie dropped to her knees off my left thigh and unsnapped my shorts, but I didn't dare watch as she yanked my zipper. I wasn't afraid or embarrassed—I was preoccupied by the enchantment of Lan's eyes. They locked their focus into my very actuality, studying each impulse that crackled in the space behind my pupils.

Still lost in her debilitating charm, I took in a deep breath as my shorts and boxers got tugged over my knees, leaving my stiff wand to wag until dainty fingers clasped it. I held my breath as moist warmth enveloped my throbbing bulb and a playful tongue began flicking and fluttering its underside. Looking down my torso, I peeked at Cassie's flaxen hair dancing atop my loins, but shot my gaze back to Lan as she kissed me on the cheek.

She smiled and stoked my forehead, then pressed her lips to mine. As a woman I met a half hour previous bobbed over my shaft and her husband tore off his clothes, I fell in love with an enchantress I barely knew. I heard her say loud and clear she wasn't looking for love, but feelings can't be mandated. A man can be denied water, but he cannot be told not to thirst. Our tongues danced in perfect unison as a precious ginger curtain tickled my cheeks. I lost the battle not to whimper as Lan dropped to her knees off my right thigh.

I'd have never imagined the delight imparted on me as Lan and Cassie wrapped their mouths around the sides of my throbbing staff and worked up and down its length. They touched lips each time they reached the top, flicking my knob with their dashing tongues.

I groaned as Lan bobbed over the brim of my bulb and Cassie worked down to flick my tingling jewels. Pulses of elation rippled through my cock as it thumped in the clasp of Lan's mouth. After a delightful sac lashing, Cassie licked her way back up my aching shaft and licked Lan's upper lip.

With a giggle, Lan released my cherry-red knob and licked the circumference of Cassie's mouth. "I think Rhett's waited long enough," she purred. Darting her eyes to me, she gave my aching bulb another kiss and pulled her blouse over her head, offering me a precious first glance at the ample but firm breasts adorning her torso. With a tender smile, she turned and dropped her frizzy mane over Rhett's lap.

Tucking my chin to my chest, I watched Cassie's lips travel up and down over the skin of my girth. Bolts of bliss ran through me as the moist tissues inside her cheeks wrapped my shaft in sucking warmth. The very sight of her hair dancing over my loins pulled a long moan from within me.

When again I looked to the sofa, Lan lay back with her legs spread wide, her butt at the edge of the cushion. Her skirt was flipped up and her feet were tip-toe on the floor as Rhett pushed his hands beneath her buttocks and dug his tongue into her pelvis like bear with a honey pot. Most of her face lay hidden behind her full hair, but I saw the corners of her mouth drop as he shook his head between her thighs. She groaned and tipped her hips forward, thrusting her legs wide for him. As Rhett pulled back for a moment, I caught my first glimpse of her glorious apex and the precious gates of her entrance to ecstasy.

Cassie stood up and dropped her sundress, kicking it onto the heap of garments growing beside the chair. Motioning for me to sit still, she walked over to Rhett, tapping his shoulder to shoo him from between Lan's legs. I watched with wide eyes as Cassie's blonde mane fell over Lan's bucking pelvis. She hummed sweetly, stopping for just a moment to tug Lan's skirt off. "Are you guys just gonna stand there?" she asked, tossing it on the pile.

Rhett knelt on the sofa, offering his beefy manhood to Lan's cheek, so I scrambled into position behind Cassie, grasping the soft skin atop the crests of her hips. My heart pounded in my chest as the welcoming wet heat of her inners slickened my blunt crown. She gave a womanly purr as I advanced, parting labial clench.

Scanning up her Cassie's backside, I gaped at the pea-size pit of Lan's navel and up to her breasts, jiggling in circular motion as Cassie wiggled between her thighs. Her eyes were open only slightly—her mouth agape in a soft moan. I shimmed and pressed forward into the warmth of Cassie's pelvic playground to a squeal of encouragement.

I began a steady stroke, diving into Cassie's welcoming privacy and reveling in the delightful sensation of her juices basting my meat. The four of us worked like a well-oiled machine for the next few minutes, timing our carnal cadence to the benefit of all.

All was in sync, but I knew the tingles twanging through my length would soon become pangs of uncontrolled ecstasy. It was clear I was welcome to come in Cassie, but admittedly, I wondered if there was some sort of etiquette I was supposed to impart. I pondered whether to announce the event, or just throw my head back and groan. 

She issued me a respite, standing to help Lan up, then dropping onto the sofa in her place. Lan pushed her full hair behind her shoulders and knelt between Cassie's legs. My every molecule ached to climb behind Lan and bury my Cassie-coated shaft into her, but I understood the parameters of my invitation. Rhett climbed off the sofa and positioned himself behind Lan's hour-glass-shaped backside as her auburn halo washed over Cassie's tummy.

Cassie patted the cushion, inviting me to kneel beside her. She leered at my rigid cock—its vein sculptured length shining with her own nectar. With her dark blue eyes peering up at me, she closed her lips around my girth at mid-staff, cleaning off the sheen as Rhett broke into measure behind Lan. I groaned and shifted my squinting gaze over Lan's backside, watching Rhett's pelvis bump her firm buttocks with each thrust.

When Rhett paused, Lan stood and straddled Cassie, laying tummy to tummy atop her—their breasts meshing, their heavenly hollows stacked atop one another. As they kissed softly, Rhett rose and slapped his glazed meat into the cleft of Lan's buttocks. She cooed as he pushed his pole down, but a sudden warning grunt halted the festivities. "Don't even think about it," warned Lan.

"Honest mistake," he insisted, lowering his aim.

As he rocked his pelvis again, Lan peeped, bumping forward slightly. She turned to my beating beam and enveloped half my length in delightful warmth.

Rhett reared back and repositioned. Cassie giggled as he wrapped his elbows under her knees and ramped up to a steady cycle. A dozen cycles later, he returned his attention to Lan's sloshing depths as I ran my fingers through her full auburn hair.

"Hey pussy hog," squeaked Cassie. "Give Sari a turn at the smorgasbord."

Slowing to a stop, Rhett retreated and stood. A shiny droplet dribbled off his staff as it sprang upward. He took my place on the sofa as I fell to my knees in front of the couch.

I heard my pulse pounding in my ears as I stared at the two glistening crevices of divine invitation gaping before me. I could see an inch or so into each, to the depth where their undulating inner walls closed. Between them, Lan's well-trimmed brown bush meshed with Cassie's golden crown.

The air around me seemed to hum as I watched my throbbing head breach Lan's gates. The scent of estrogen permeated my nasal cavity as I peered at my circumference wrapped snug in the grasp of her labia.

"We're not a museum exhibit," jested Cassie. "Get to work."

Snapping back to lucid thought, I took in a breath and slid into Lan's heavenly hollow with a exultant groan. As I started a steady rhythm, Cassie squealed for attention. With a quick recoil, I dropped my aim and slid into her velvet haven. But no sooner had I ramped up to speed than I was overcome by a compulsion to ream Lan's love tissues with the concoction of nectars glazing my cock.
