 An ex-girlfriend with an amazing body, sex drive and multi-orgasmic capability related a story to me that went mostly like this, involving her, her previous boyfriend and his best friend. There have been embellishments and I have changed the names to protect the guilty. 

Cheryl- 5'3", reddish blond all over, big blue eyes and a very full, sensual mouth, smallish breasts with amazing long, sensitive nipples, a belly ring which was always fun to play with on my way down to tongue the main course. Looks and acts like a miniature Valkyrie. 

Ethan- 5'6", dark haired, slim and well built, fine black hair usually pulled into a pony-tail.

Dan- 6', well-built, close-cropped hair, almost Marine in appearance but quiet and reserved in demeanor. 

So Ethan and Cheryl are sitting on a double lounger- she's lying up against him in a bikini, with her one leg crossed across his groin, eyes closed and half asleep. Late in the afternoon after a cookout and a fair amount of drinking, the three of them hanging out in that semi-stuporous summer mode. Friend Dan is facing them on a lounge chair, he's positioned in such a way that he can see Cheryl's lovely bottom and the back of her leg across Ethan. Were her pussy not covered by the thin fabric of her bikini, it would be fully exposed and presented to him in a thoroughly inviting way. Friend Dan is a good guy though and definitely not a letch, so he satisfies himself with the occasional glance through half-closed eyes. This does, however, begin to affect his libido- Cheryl, he later admitted, was the subject of many masturbation fantasies; his favorite being to fuck her fast and hard, her legs pulled up against his belly and chest, while her head lies over the side of the bed and his buddy Ethan slowly deepthroats her. All this begins to have the usual effect, and his dick begins to slowly inch it's way down his leg. Realizing this, he reaches down surreptitiously to readjust himself, but it's too late- his dick has given off a couple of revealing twitches. Catching this, Ethan begins musing to himself. Dan's a good looking guy, but not too good with women- he's shy and introverted at all the wrong times. Yet Ethan has known Dan a long time- as pre-pubescents they had jacked off to their first 'Club' magazine together, and done things that might be told at a later time. Over the years, he has come to think of Dan as the male version of the spinster librarian who goes nuts when she finally lets her hair down. And, he knows, Dan has a big dick. One of HIS favorite fantasies is to watch Cheryl being filled with cum by a strong, club-dicked man while he, Ethan, holds her and whispers enticements into her ear. 

Thinking of all this, and almost against his will, he begins slowly stroking Cheryl's hair. His other arm is around her and resting on her thigh; he begins rubbing and kneading her leg. Eyes closed and smiling slightly, she submits to his relaxing caresses. After a few moments of this light massage, he grips the back of her thigh and slides down a few inches on the chair. He then begins gently kissing and nuzzling her forehead and still-closed eyes. Ethan being about 5'6, this places his still-flaccid member squarely against her pubic mound; realizing this he begins to ever so slightly move his hips. 

It takes Cheryl just a few seconds to cotton to the fact that Ethan is taking this to a different level, and that Dan is ensconced just a few feet away. She tries to slide back down and out of the danger zone, but he grips her firmly and won't let her move an inch. Startled, she tilts her head slightly and directs her blue-eyed gaze at him; forehead creased and staring intently at him, she tries to fathom his intention. It is amazing what depth of communication can pass between the eyes of a well-established couple, and in how few nano-seconds the brain can process several key pieces of information. Travelling along the pathways of Cheryl's very intelligent brain, we find one key megabyte of information to be her awareness of Ethan's numerous fantasies concerning her, always her, in many sexual situations. He had never been shy in revealing them to her, in the hopes that she would ultimately give in and allow at least one of them to be acted out. Although secretly they intrigued her, she had so far resisted; as she wasn't sure she was woman enough, for example, to please three men at one time. Two maybe- if he had started by revealing only his tamer fantasies to her she thought she might be well into that world by now. 

A second key piece falls into place on our journey through the cerebellum as we find out what she really thinks of Dan. She has, we find, been guilty of spying on him every chance she gets- her favorite session having been a month prior, at dusk, watching him masturbate in the pool shower alongside the house. We see him naked, head bent and eyes closed, gently soaping and stroking what looks to be about a nine-incher, both hands absorbed in moving up and down this beautiful cock with it's gentle upward curve. Through her eyes, we see her tucked away behind a purple-flowered rose-of-sharon bush; thinking furiously that she really needs to not be doing this, she needs RIGHT NOW to go back into the kitchen or into the living room where Ethan lies asleep with a movie on; what the HELL brought her out here in the first place?! Instead, on looking down, we see one hand pull out on the elastic of her bikini bottom while the other quickly slides down and begins stroking and rubbing and pulling. Quickly, one finger enters and begins thrusting in and out, followed closely by a second; all the while her thumb is busy pinching and rubbing, pinching and rubbing. Staring through the crack, it's not long before we see Dan's hand move to cup his balls; kneeling on his left flank as we are, we see a finger stroking and pushing on his bottom, finally penetrating to the first knuckle. Stifling a groan, we feel the heat begin way inside. Dan's driving hand now going a mile a minute, we see him throw his head back and hear a low deep grunt. As the first stream of cum shoots out an incredible four feet to land on the opposite wall, followed by another and another, and incredibly, yet another, we give in. Toes clenched, jaw locked, body spasming from what looks to be electric shock, through Cheryl we experience our first female orgasm. 

I don't know how they live through it. Our two fingers jammed up incredibly far inside us, palm grinding mercilessly on our clit, we find that sweet spot with the very tips of our fingers and that takes ME farther over the edge than I've ever been before. Dimly I'm aware of juices flowing over my hand and down my legs, I hear squelching noises- thank god Dan is still coming down, one hand still stroking, the other against the wall holding him up, shower splattering against his muscular back, pronounced tan line above and below his dimpled buttocks. The air conditioner rattling alongside me certainly helps conceal my noises, which is good because I'm not stopping now. If he turned and saw me, I would bust the boards down to get in there. I would suck his cock in like an Electrolux til I got him hard again, then I would get on my hands and knees and let him fuck me raw. The thought of his cock-head pressing against my cervix and his cum filling my womb makes me cum again and again- I find I've fallen on my back, legs akimbo, four fingers in me now, not quite fisting myself (never ever thought of trying that before), my whole pussy one big throbbing O. Oh my god, how can she experience this for hours and still be sane? 

Seconds or minutes or hours later, Cheryl is still slowly stroking herself down when she hears the wooden shower door squeal open, and then tap-tap shut. Pulling her sopping fingers up to her eyes, she regards her soaked hand with amused amazement, thinking she probably just secreted a pint of fluid. Slowly, she gets to her shaking legs and, making sure the coast is clear, makes her way around and into the shower. Turning on and adjusting the water seems to take all her strength- finally getting it right, she outstretches her arms and leans forward in an unconscious imitation of Dan in his post-orgasmic recovery position. Looking down, it doesn't register at first, but then she thinks, 'typical man, doesn't think to clean up after himself'. Kneeling, not quite believing she's doing this and hoping no-one is watching HER, the new perverted her, she leans forward and touches the tip of her pointy tongue to the varnished wood. Slowly, starting at the bottom, with little cat-like flicks her tongue laps up the first foot-long cum stream. Reaching out her hand, she coats her fingers with the next lovely offering and slowly inserts Dan's seed into her waiting vagina. Licking and sucking on the wood, rolling her face in his slippery semen, she loses herself in another series of rocketing orgasms. 

Back on the lounger and back in the now, a third puzzle piece falls into place- we feel Cheryl's sudden arousal. Heart rate increasing, we suddenly realize she is trying desperately to not grind down on Ethan's hardening cock. Struggling between propriety and sudden desire, she doesn't notice Ethan subtly beckon to Dan, nor does she see Dan sit up with a drop-jaw look of understanding on his face. Looking deep into Cheryl's wide-open eyes, Ethan softly says, "You missed some in the shower". 

Flushed like a rabbit by the hounds, she freezes and goes momentarily blank. She doesn't resist when Ethan curls her up onto her hands and knees on top of him, nor does she stop him as with both hands he gently pulls her face to his and begins deeply kissing her. Eyes closing, beginning to relax, subconsciously she dips her back and presents herself in that most becoming of positions- that of the female animal preparing herself for the ruthless male penetration. 

Dan will not disappoint. Rising from his chair, he walks three steps in a trance and softly places his hands on her beautiful behind. At some point he has successfully readjusted himself, for we see a dark purple knob jutting a good three inches above his waistband. 

Gracefully accommodating, we see Ethan move his legs out of the way to allow Dan a place to kneel. Slowly, Dan slides Cheryl's bikini down to her knees; she lifts up one leg and then another to allow them to come fully off. Looking a question at Ethan, Dan brings them to his face; at Ethan's nod, he deeply inhales their scent and rubs that lovely dark spot on his lips. 

This seems to finally bring out the repressed librarian in Dan- quickly he sheds his bathing suit, kneels and positions that enormous cock at Cheryl's lovely entrance. Neatly trimmed reddish-blonde hair surrounds a pair of lovely light pink pussy lips that, as we watch, are slowly distending and spreading, as if they sense the close proximity of the animal cock. Reaching down, Dan squeezes and strokes his cock, rubbing his pre-come over her already glistening wetness. Placing his hands palm down upon her, he spreads those lips with his thumbs and ever-so-slowly pushes his cock-head against her. 

Breaking her kiss, she separates from Ethan- straightening her arms and raising her body from his, she suddenly becomes another man's cavewoman. Reaching up and encircling her hair with one hand, she pulls it back in a long tuft and holds it up in offering. As both of Dan's strong hands replace hers, she pivots sideways and completely off of Ethan's body, forcing him into the spectator position of watching a bigger, stronger man preparing to ravage his woman. 

Dan has turned with her, his cock still poised and pulsating at fast idle, waiting for the flag to drop. As she dips her back again and presents that absolutely lovely pussy, he takes charge. Grasping her hair with one hand and her shoulder by the other, he slowly pulls her onto him. Groaning and gasping, both hands clenched on a cushion, Cheryl's hips begin to gyrate up and down and back and forth, sucking in that cock. Out an inch, in two, out an inch, in three, out two inches, in four. That beautiful glistening syrupy coating is covering half of his cock now- Cheryl has begun a low grunting, a sound unlike any Ethan has ever coaxed from her. Spellbound, he watches his woman engulf this beast.

Dan bottoms out at seven inches. Or so he thinks. Cheryl is grunting louder now, breathing out in strong exhalations, clenching and unclenching her fists. She begins to move back and forth, exposing about three inches of shiny cock, then engulfing it again, still not taking that last two inches. After a few moments of this intensely erotic, slow and rhythmic fucking, she stops, fully embedded. Folding one arm under her and lowering her upper body onto the lounge, she turns her head back and purses her lips in a kiss intended for him. She twists, reaches back and grasps Dan's hip with her hand. Almost panting now, she slowly pulls Dan completely into her. For Dan, the feeling is tremendous. A strong pressure, than a sudden release- suddenly he feels the head of his cock enter a yet tighter sleeve than the super tight pussy he has already forced himself into. 

It rocks Cheryl's world. She has never been this filled with cock. Thinking of Dan's cum filling her entirely, she begins to spasm in intense and prolonged orgasm. About thirty seconds of this is all Dan can take- letting go of her hair and grabbing her hips, he begins thrusting his full nine inches completely in and out of her. As Cheryl grunts "Fuck me Dan Fuck me Dan Fuck me Dan Fuck me Dan Fuck me Dan" through clenched teeth, he suddenly stops fully into her and begins unloading jet after jet after jet of sperm into her waiting clinging sucking womb. As she wails and grasps her hair with both hands, pulling it over her head, Dan continues to spurt into her. She feels cum squeezing out around his cock and beginning to run down her legs; completely spent, he drives her down onto the bed; grunting and biting her shoulders and back. His full weight completely envelops her- wrapping one arm under and around and gripping her shoulder, he continues to thrust into her.

Slowly, finally, they grind to a halt. Making sure he's not about to roll off the lounger, Dan rolls onto his back, taking Cheryl with him, impaled on his still-rigid cock. 

Lying a couple feet away, his cum drying on his belly, Ethan looks at them in relaxed amazement. Cheryl is lying on her back, completely on top of Dan, those tits with those unbelievable half-inch long nipples pointing at the sky, Dan's hand almost absently kneading and pulling at one of them. Dan's head is turned away, eyes closed. Cheryl is slowly rubbing Dan's cock and stroking her pussy, and we see her whole body slowly rising and falling with Dan's steady even breathing. As she senses Ethan's eyes on her, she turns a satisfied, heavy-lidded gaze upon him. Placing both hands upon Dan's cock, she ever, ever so slowly pulls it out of her. Semi-flaccid, still about six inches long, completely coated with glistening love juices. Still staring at Ethan, she lays Dan's cock on her leg, pointing in Ethan's direction. Reaching across to him, smiling a little now, she pushes her index finger into his mouth and slowly pulls it in and out- the message clear. Suck my lover's cock.

In a daze, his pulse suddenly pounding, Ethan can't believe what she is asking him to do, and he can't believe how badly he wants to do it.