 As Ethan knelt and gazed indecisively at Dan's cock, now completely soft and lying between his legs, Cheryl gently lifted herself off of Dan's body, taking care not to disturb him. 

Mouth dry and heart thumping heavily in his chest, Ethan licked his lips nervously and wondered if his secret sessions of sucking on Cheryl's biggest dildo while masturbating was any preparation for what lay ahead. 

Kneeling beside Ethan, Cheryl turned his face to hers and gave him a long slow kiss. Finally breaking away, she looked down at Dan's cock, wondering if whatever Ethan had been up to with her favorite dildo would be of any help to him here. Reaching between her legs, still feeling Dan's seed oozing out of her, she tensed and squeezed a generous amount onto her palm. Mesmerized, Ethan watched as she gently lathered it onto Dan's recumbent cock. As both Dan and his cock twitched slightly in their mutual slumber, she reached down and coated her fingers, then slowly pushed them into Ethan's mouth. 

Strongly sucking on Cheryl's fingers, Ethan tasted her familiar tangy flavor mixed with a new slippery man cum flavor that he recognized as stronger tasting than his own. Lowering his eyes, he turned and slid his hand under Dan's cock, bringing it up to his waiting mouth. Gazing down at this warm organ in his hand, all reservations about reaching the point of no return faded from his mind. Opening wide, he slowly and completely engulfed this soft four inch cock, only closing his mouth around the base when his nose was pressed into Dan's thick pubic hair.

Totally absorbed, he begins to experience something with his mouth that he has heretofore felt only with his hand- as he gently licks and swirls his tongue, Dan's cock begins to slowly and completely fill him. As Dan moans and dreams about who knows what, his cock slowly lengthens and rises, Ethan rising with him. As a mental image of some forgotten cartoon character riding to the top of a whale spume flashes across his brain, with his tongue and full lips he rides and pulls Dan to full hardness. 

Inches away, eyes glued to the scene unfolding in front of her, Cheryl now knows what Ethan has been up to with that dildo. "He's good", she thinks, as he gamely attempts to keep at least half of that thick cock in his mouth. Cradling Dan's hefty balls gently in one hand and wrapping his other around the base of his root, Ethan begins a slow, rhythymic sucking. Eyes closed, a calm expression on his face, his cheeks hollow out and release, hollow out and release, hand following mouth up and down and up and down in steady time. With a single minded purpose he strives to make his first blowjob a perfect one. 

As Dan dreams, in his golden slumber watching Cheryl's head bob up and down on his cock, Ethan commits his Waterloo. Uncurling his middle finger from under Dan's nutsack, he softly strokes Dan's bottom. 

Dan jerks violently awake. Looking down, his mind still sees Cheryl's blond head; his eyes, however, see something quite different. In the seconds before his brain and his eyes meet and have a very important conversation, Ethan rises from his cock and kneels between his open legs with head bowed. It is the position of a supplicant, as he is well aware- he has fallen deeply into the role of the pretty boy pleasure giver.

Dan lies shocked and motionless, sucking in a deep breath as he finally comprehends what he sees. Suddenly grabbing a large hank of Ethan's hair and pulling it painfully tight against the back of his head, he pulls Ethan's head back in a powerful grip, rendering him motionless. Squinting from the sudden pain, he watches Dan's other hand curl into a tight fist, the muscles in his forearm bulging. 

As the seconds creak by, Ethan gives Dan's fist his undivided, apprehensive attention. Dan is breathing hard and fast, not really looking at anything, riding on a tidal wave of adrenalin. Curiously, although Ethan's erection has dwindled, Dan's has, if anything, swollen even further, oscillating back and forth in freestyle with his accelerated breathing. Head pulled back at a painful angle, neck muscles aching, Ethan notices and thinks wryly, "What the hell- in for a penny, in for a pounding".

Reaching out, he cautiously encircles Dan at midpoint with a whisper grip and slowly begins sliding his hand up and down, just an inch either way. As Cheryl gasps and puts her hand over her mouth, Dan slowly brings his clenched fist to the side of Ethan's head, as if sizing up the blow. Ethan stops moving his hand but does not release it; eyes closed, he waits for the sudden blasting pain. Instead, Dan suddenly places both hands behind Ethan's head, grabbing a roughly equal amount of hair in both. With Ethan now in pigtails and totally at a loss, Dan puts those sculpted, full lips against his cockhead. With a renewed lease on life, Ethan quickly opens wide and is just as quickly pulled down a full six inches and back up again. Gasping in surprise, he has no time to recover before he is pulled down and up again, than again, and again. Feeling incredibly relieved, like a puppy that didn't get beaten for peeing on the carpet, he redoubles his efforts and begins using his tongue and lips to full advantage.

Grunting, Dan speeds up the pace until Ethan's head is bobbing helplessly up and down as fast as Dan can pivot his arms, while his hips thrust upward in equal tempo. Breaking stride and pausing momentarily, Dan holds Ethan's head so his mouth is just over his cock and says, "Are you my little cum-sucking slut?" As Ethan's mumbles a muffled "yes", Dan repeats, "are you my little cum-slut? Tell me!"As Ethan again mumbles yes, Dan pulls his mouth off his cockhead and says, "Tell me exactly what you are, you little sex-bitch". Speaking in a low, husky voice, Ethan says, "I'm your little cum-slut whore, I want to suck the cum out of your balls, I want you to fuck me and come in me and make me lick you clean. I am your little sex slave cum-slut whore". 

Saying these words aloud has made Ethan incredibly aroused, his own cock now rockhard again as he pictures himself riding Dan reverse cowgirl style until the cum pulses up and into his body. As he mentally lies encircled in Dan's strong arms, his fantasies are rudely broken as Dan again plunges Ethan's head down. As this ruthless face-fucking continues unabated, Ethan feels his lips actually becoming warm and tries frantically to create more saliva. He has sensibly placed his hand around Dan again to prevent a nasty gag reflex, as he has a feeling that Dan isn't stopping for anybody to catch a breath. Even though he is still helpless in Dan's grasp, he realizes that it is his body, his warm wet mouth that is driving this frenzy, and that oddly enough he is controlling this situation. Sliding his hand up a little at a time, a point is reached where only Dan's cockhead is inside his mouth. Slowly, Dan's gyrations slow and then cease, his hands falling to his side. Breathing deeply, his body relaxes for the first time since he was so rudely awakened. Taking a moment, Ethan's lips milk that swollen head and he is rewarded with his first generous taste of pre-cum.

Recognizing that he has, in a fashion, temporarily gained the upper hand, Ethan decides to bring this to a dramatic conclusion. Seeing his swollen lips and guessing as to the state of his mouth, Cheryl rises and quickly returns with a full glass of water. She has also brought a tube of strawberry-flavored lube. Handing the glass to Ethan, she kneels and liberally coats Dan's entire cock, giving the head a quick suck and a kiss before falling back on her haunches. As Dan lies quiet, Ethan slowly strokes him in a diversionary tactic as he rapidly downs the whole glass. Handing it back, he returns to his task. Taking several deep breaths, he slowly lowers his mouth again. Holding his tongue back, he pushes Dan against the entrance to his throat, patiently applying steady pressure. As the seconds tick by, he feels his throat expanding to allow entrance- this beast slowly filling him, head slowly descending until, unbelievably, he again has his nose in Dan's pubic hair. Hearing Dan moan, he feels a warm rush of satisfaction. Holding position, unaware of Cheryl's wide-eyed stare, he feels Dan again twisting his hair, preparing to fuck his face. Gripping firmly, he pulls Dan's balls, hearing him gasp. Dan gets the message and releases his hands- this is Ethan's show now. Slowly rising, Ethan pauses and regains his breath, thankful for his joggers wind. 

Catching Cheryl's slightly glazed stare, he reaches down and softly inserts two fingers inside her slick pussy, all the while practicing a little impromptu deep breathing. 

Finally, he takes the plunge. Almost effortlessly deepthroating Dan this time, he briefly wonders if there was a sword-swallower somewhere back in his gene pool. Then, all stray thoughts leave him as he tackles the mechanics of the moment. Finding his rythym, breathing on the upstroke, he methodically and repeatedly ingests nine inches of pulsating cock. Sensing that the moment is at hand, he executes his final move. Withdrawing his hand from Cheryl's clenching puss, feeling her fingers quickly replace his, he plunges his middle finger completely into Dan's unsuspecting backside. Pressing upwards and stroking, Dan grunting and bucking beneath him, he feels the first fountaining jets of cum enter his mouth. As Dan's legs firmly sandwich him, Ethan sucks on a mere two inches of cock, two fingers fully inserted in Dan while with the other hand he pumps rapidly up and down, milking thick gouts of cum. 

Dan eventually lies still, breathing heavily. Raising his head and allowing Dan's cock to escape his ravening mouth, Ethan looks like the "Got Milk" girl gone really, really bad- cum coats his lips, dribbling out of the corners of his mouth and onto his chin. Lube coats his shiny cheeks; it's gotten into his hair, which hangs limply around his face. He is a mess, but he looks peacefully content.

With a sudden sly smile on his face, eyes narrowing, he now looks exactly like the dirty little sex-bitch he promised Dan he'd become. And like a cum-slut about to exact some small retribution on her man for what he has forced her to do, he decides to give Dan a taste of his own medicine. Just a little- he doesn't want Dan to hurt him again, although thinking perversely that he wouldn't mind a good paddling at his hands. 

Quickly he pulls himself up and forward, than lowers and locks his lips on Dan's before he has time to react. Eyes wide in surprise, Dan resists and tries to push him away, but Ethan has both hands around Dan's head and he's not going anywhere. Smooth chest pressed against Dan's hairy one, back bowed and ass high in the air, he is perfectly poised to fuck. Noticing this, Cheryl briefly toys with the idea of dildoing him, but she is too worn out from fucking, frigging and almost continuous orgasm to go seek the proper sex toy. 

Ethan is now gently cradling Dan's motionless head and softly placing wet kisses over his entire face; Dan lies motionless, eyes closed, not resisting. Placing his reddened, swollen lips again back on Dan's, he finally forces his relentless tongue into Dan's reluctant mouth. Finally giving in, his lips slowly engaging with Ethan's, he feels cum flowing into his mouth and realizes that his little whore has swallowed not a drop. As Ethan agressively tongue fucks him, he begins to respond; raising his hands and placing them on Ethan's back, he pulls him down on top of him. His tongue now being sucked almost painfully, he tastes cum sliding over his tongue and down his throat. This excites him instantly, and he suddenly knows what he wants to do.

Gripping Ethan's buttock with one hand, with the other he reaches under and grasps Ethan's cock. Gasping, Ethan breaks the kiss and raises up, mouth open in a silent scream of ecstasy. Not one to miss an opportunity, Cheryl's lubed finger was inches away from Ethan's puckered sphincter; this change in position does not deter her. Ethan is sitting erect on Dan's stomach as her finger enters his rear and Dan begins urgently stroking. Wrapping one arm around Ethan and mashing her breasts against his back while still caressing deep inside him, she has a warm, almost motherly expression on her face. 

All eyes, including Dan's, are locked on Ethan's cock, now firmly ensconced in both of Dan's rapidly moving hands. It takes but a few more seconds as Ethan, distance wise, begins to experience his personal best. The first shot flies well over Dan's head. Ethan, now emitting a low continuous groan, unintentionally places his second spurt onto Dan's face, perfectly centered and extending from forehead to chin. Dan's tongue unconsciously licking what it can reach, Ethan places a final two shots on Dan's chest and stomach, and slowly comes to a stop. Dan's now cum-covered hands still firmly gripping, he gently pulls upward, forcing a surprised Ethan to straighten his legs and kneel erect above him. Not daring to think, Dan curls himself up into a sitting position, hands still on Ethan, his softening cock now just an inch from his pursed lips. Opening, he lowers his head and slowly engulfs Ethan, rubbing as much cum off of his hands and onto his lips as he can. HIS nose now firmly embedded in Ethan's small thatch of pubic hair, he gently and thoroughly sucks, pulling out the remainder of Ethan's cum. 

Falling slowly backwards, he brings Ethan and Cheryl with him. As they lie down on either side of him, feeling like a king with his chattels he puts his arms around them and pulls them close. As Ethan and Cheryl entwine their legs on top of him and stroke his chest, he looks down in bemusement on one blonde head and one black one, wondering how he managed to go from zero girlfriends to two in the space of an afternoon.