 A few years ago, we went to Lanzarote on holiday. It proved to be a significant event in our lives and has led to numerous adventures that neither of us had contemplated before. I’m Robbie and my wife is Becky. At the time when this occurred I was 30 and she was 25. Becky is 5’5” tall, firm 34C boobs, a 24” waist and 36 “ hips. She has Mediterranean complexion and black hair. People usually think she is Spanish or Italian.  

The beaches there can be quite windy and you very often find little stone circles that people have made out of the volcanic rock that covers the island. They make ideal shelters from the wind and give you a bit of privacy as well. We had driven up to the North end of the island and found a nice beach which had several shelter that were unoccupied. We parked the car and set of to get ourselves comfortable in one of them. It was rapidly apparent that the people occupying the other shelters were nude. Becky was very used to going topless but had never taken her bottom half off, other than in our secluded back garden at home. 

Once we got settled, I went down to the sea for a swim to cool off. When I got back to the shelter I found that Becky had removed her bottoms and was totally nude. She explained that she had already built up an all-over tan at home and didn’t want to spoil it. She pointed out that nobody could see her anyway. I didn’t object as I very much enjoy looking at her nude body. I could feel myself getting hard as I watched her rubbing Hawaiian Tropic onto her pussy. She had trimmed it up before going on holiday. The sides had been narrowed to fit into her bikini bottoms and she had trimmed it short with a trimmer. To say the least it didn’t hide anything. Her full pussy lips where clearly visible and looked even more inviting with a coating of suntan oil on them. She has always been a bit shy about her pussy lips as she thinks that they are too big. On the other hand, I love them. You can suck and nibble on them to your hearts content. When she gets turned on they puff up even more as the blood rushes to them. She often wishes that she had a neat little pussy but I always tell her that hers looks ripe and fuckable. 

Once she had finished her front she rolled over and asked me to do her back. I started at the top and worked my way down to her bum. I stopped there and then did from her feet up to her bum. I was saving the best to last. I deliberately took my time rubbing oil into her firm arse. She spread her legs apart slightly to allow me to get the inside of her thighs. I immediately took the opportunity to slide my hand over her pussy. With the combination of the oil that was already on my hand and her pussy I easily slipped a finger into her pussy. She looked over her shoulder and told me to stop – someone might see. I told her that she herself had told me earlier that no one could see her. I kept fucking her with my finger, she laughed and spread her legs further. Her juices were flowing and I squeezed two more fingers inside her and pumped them in and out of her. She then raised her bum into the air to allow her to slide one hand under her to reach her clit. As I finger fucked her she diddled her clit. I knew she wanted an orgasm. Her breathing became more laboured and it didn’t take much time for her to moan in ecstasy. She rolled onto her side and looked at me.

“That felt really good, I just hope nobody saw though.”

I popped my head over the top of the lava wall but couldn’t see anybody in site. They were all in their own shelters, unaware of the naughty goings on that had just occurred in ours.

“Come on then, aren’t you going to take of your shorts and join me” She asked.

Not wanting to be the odd one out on the beach I pulled my shorts off to reveal my hard cock.

I plonked myself down on the towel next to Becky and rubbed on some oil. I was half hoping that she would reciprocate and give me a wank. I was to be disappointed, she reached into the coolbox and opened a bottle of wine. We both soaked up the sun and enjoyed the cold bottle of wine. The shelter was a veritable sun trap and was several degrees warmer that outside in the breeze. We ate a light lunch and finished off the wine. Both of us could feel the effects of the wine and Becky was particularly giggly.

She announced that she needed a pee. I told her to go down to the water and have a swim, that way nobody would what she was doing. She stood up and stepped over the wall of the shelter.

“Haven’t you forgotten something?” I asked her as I held up her bikini bottoms.

“Why are you ashamed of me?” she asked.

“Of course not, I love your body” was my reply.

“You don’t mind if the other people on the beach see me naked?”

“I don’t if you don’t”

“I feel a bit naughty but it’s not like anyone will know me.”

I sat up and watched her stroll down the beach, her bum was wiggling more than normal. I suspected that the wine had given her a bit of Dutch Courage. I was a bit surprised that she had the bottle to do what she was doing but I was enjoying watching her, knowing that anyone else on the beach could see her naked body if they so desired. I kept an eye on her when she was in the water, just to make sure she was okay, she’s not a particularly strong swimmer and the waves in the Atlantic can be quite powerful.

Another couple emerged form their shelter and made their way down to the waters edge. At this moment in time Becky was making her way ashore. A breaker caught her and tumbled her arse over tit onto the sand. The guy ran over and helped her to her feet. The woman trotted over and all three of them engaged in conversation. I could see that the guy was still supporting her by one arm. The man and woman were both nude. 														       I hopped out of our shelter and made my way down the beach to see if Becky was okay. When I got there all three of them were chatting away. I noticed that Becky was very comfortable and relaxed, even though she was naked in front of two strangers. It may well have helped that they were in a similar state of undress. She assured me that she was fine, just a little shook up. Introductions were made, they were called Mike and June. I could see that Mike was casting his eyes over Becky’s naked body. Her nipples stuck out, no doubt due to the cold water and her pussy slit and lips could be clearly seen through her trimmed bush. I knew that he could see the same and I have to admit that it didn’t evoke any feeling of jealousy, in fact it was the opposite.

Sue asked us if we had been to Lanzarote before. I told that it was our first time there, as I chatted to her I admired her naked body as discreetly as I could. She was a blond, about 5’4” tall, smallish breasts, probably about a 34A, prominent nipples, a flat stomach, slim hips and a totally smooth pussy. There wasn’t a trace of hair to be seen. Her skin was a golden brown colour. She explained that they had been out for two weeks already and were in fact looking for a suitable villa as they had business interests out there. They hoped to move out and live there permanently in the near future. I have to admit that I found it hard to take my eyes off her shaved pussy. It was a good job that I had my sunglasses on, so that it wasn’t obvious.

They invited us back to their lava shelter to share a couple of beers with them. As we sat and chatted I couldn’t help but notice Mike snatching glimpses of Becky’s pussy. She was sat cross-legged directly opposite him and as a result he had a Birdseye view of her fleshy pussy lips. I could see that she was moist and suspected that she was getting turned on. Later she admitted that she did indeed get horny knowing that she was exposing herself so openly to a stranger,

I too was taking the opportunity to admire June’s naked body. The way that she was sitting gave me a glimpse of her pussy, I could see that she had a piercing on one of her thin inner labia. Her pussy slit was one of those that is very neat, without protruding lips. She was quite slim and petite and I began to wonder how she managed to accommodate Mike. He had a cock that wasn’t that long, about 4” in its present state, but it was very fat. Limp it had to be more than 2” wide. It looked like a stubby beer can. I had noticed Becky glimpsing down at his crotch during the conversation. Me on the other hand, well my cock is about nine inches long when I’m aroused but I have to admit it doesn’t get that thick, probably not more than an inch and a quarter. It gives me pleasure and Becky has never complained.

Mike and June told us that they loved the beaches in Lanzarote because they could go nude on most of them. It was really just the ones in the resorts that you had to keep your bottoms on at. They had looked at a few villas so far but hadn’t found one that was right yet. They wanted one that had a pool and secluded garden. June said that she hated being in the sun with any clothes on and given the choice she’d spend her whole day naked. 

After a while Becky and I went back to our shelter to continue working on our tans. She lay on her front and got me to oil her back.

“Did you realise that you left nothing to Mike’s imagination.”

“What do you mean?”

“Well, the way you were sitting meant that Mike had a prime view of your pussy.”

“I know, are you mad at me?”

“Why should I be mad at you?”

“Well, me showing my pussy off to a stranger.”

“To tell the truth, I quite enjoyed it. I bet he was thinking what it would be like to stick his cock in there and I know what it’s like because that’s what I’ll be doing tonight.”

“Do you think he was thinking that?”

“I was thinking about what it would feel like to slip into June’s pussy. He’s a guy, I bet he was thinking that.”

“So, you wondered what it would be like to fuck her.”

“I’m only telling you the truth, don’t be mad.”

“I’m not mad at you. I have a confession, I was wondering what Mike’s cock would feel like. It’s so fat, I’ve never seen a cock that fat before. I wonder how June can take it, after all she’s so slim. Did you see her piercing?”

“Yes, that was the first time I’ve seen a pierced pussy. I wonder if it is for stimulation or decoration or both.”

“Think about how many rings you could fit on my lips. I’d jingle when I walked.” 

I had to laugh at that, normally she’s so self-conscious about them and now she was making jokes about them.

“You’d set off the metal detectors at airports if you did that!” I replied.

I’d got as far as her bum with the sun tan oil. Again she spread her legs to make sure I didn’t miss nay bits. She didn’t want them to get burnt by the sun. I slipped a finger into her, she was so wet that I immediately added another two. My fingers were coated in her juice.

“You are wet aren’t you.”

“I have to admit that I got a real buzz out of showing off my pussy.”

“I can see that.”

She sat up and told me to lie on my back. Before I could contemplate what was happening she was pushing me back onto my towel. When I was flat out she climbed on top of me. She positioned her wet pussy on my cock and slowly started to rub herself against me. I could feel my cock begin to harden. My cock was covered in her juices. When I was fully hard she lifted herself up. She grabbed my cock in one hand and used her other hand to spread her pussy lips apart. I looked down and could see her juice dribbling out of her cunt. Her lips had swollen and looked ripe and ready to fuck. Slowly, she lowered herself down on to my cock. I slid in easily and she continued to lower herself until all of my 9” was buried inside her. She rocked back and forward, our pubic bones crushed against each other. This is her one of her favourite methods of stimulating her clitoris. I looked down to watch. I could see her clit pocking out of its hood. Becky has an amazing clit. When she is excited it grows to an incredible size. It sticks out at least an inch, it’s like a mini-cock! I looked up at her face. Her eyes were closed and there was a red flush to her chest – I don’t think that it was the sun though. She leaned back a little and using one hand she pulled her clit hood back to expose more of it. She used her other hand to rub her clit. Her hand was a blur as flicked it back and forward at an astonishing speed. I knew that she wasn’t far off an orgasm. I could feel her pussy squeezing my cock, the excitement was building in my body and I started to struggle to maintain control. Becky enjoys it most when we orgasm together. She loves to come and then feel my cock pulse as it pumps cum into her.

I looked over her shoulder to try and focus my mind on something else for a few moments – I had to hang on to try and not disappoint her. I caught some movement over her shoulder. I then saw June. We both made eye contact at the same moment. The look on her face was a picture. Our eyes held each other’s gaze for a few seconds, she smiled, gave me a wave and about turned back towards their lava shelter. I was really struggling to hold on now – knowing that she must have seen my cock buried in Becky’s slopping pussy. I could feel her juice running down my balls and onto my towel. It intensified the feeling knowing that somebody had seen Becky and I fucking.

Becky started to moan loudly, I knew she was about to come. I couldn’t hold on any longer, I felt my balls tighten and my cum started to spurt into Becky’s pussy. She opened her eyes and looked down at me with a satisfied look in her eyes.

“I needed that, it felt great.”

“It felt pretty good from my side as well” I told her.

She eased her self off me and lay down on her towel. I propped myself up on one elbow and looked at her. Her face and chest had a post-coital glow. Her nipples were hard and her clit was still peeking out from its hood. I looked at her pussy and could see that her lips were still swollen and puffy, they gaped open and my cum combined with her juice was trickling out of her. Once she got her breath back she told me she was going down into the water to clean up. I hadn’t told her that June had seen us in our throes of passion. I didn’t think I’d mention it.

Becky headed off down the beach to the water. As she’d hopped over the lava wall of our shelter I could see her gaping, well-fucked cunt. There was cum starting to dribble down the inside of her leg. She casually ran a finger up her leg to catch it, she then popped the finger in her mouth and licked it clean. She gave me a naughty look as she did it.

I kept an eye on her to make sure that she was okay in the water. She didn’t stay in long, just enough time to freshen her pussy up. On her way back she stopped at Mike and June’s shelter. I’d seen June call her over. Becky didn’t chat for long and was soon on her way back to our shelter. I asked her what June had wanted. Becky said that they had wondered if we wanted to go out for a meal with them tonight. She told me she had accepted and that we would meet up with them at about eight o’clock at one of the bars near our apartment.

I wondered if June had said anything about seeing us fucking. Again I didn’t mention it to Becky and assumed that she was not aware of the fact that June had seen her impaled on my cock.

When we got back to our apartment both of us were very horny and stripped off our clothes. Becky bent over the worktop in the kitchen and told me to fuck her. When she’s very horny she just wants her pussy filled with cock and cum. She reached between her legs and rubbed her full lips. I could see that they were wet and after she’d given them a rub they hung apart exposing her gaping cunt. My cock was hard, I could do nothing else but plunge it into her. I grabbed her hips and pumped my cock into her. She bucked back against me to meet my thrusts. Becky does occasionally like to fuck hard and fast. This was one of those occasions. I could feel my cock hitting her cervix as I pushed deep inside her. Her breathing was fast and she was panting hard. She told me to fuck her harder. It didn’t take long for me to unload my cum inside her. I pulled my cock out of her. It was cover in my cum and her juice. I got down on my knees and buried my face into her cunt. I stuck my tongue between her large lips and licked the combined juice and cum from her pussy. I really enjoy cleaning her pussy with my tongue after she’s been fucked. Becky loves it as well, sometimes I try and suck up as much as possible then keeping it in my mouth we kiss and I swap it over to her mouth. The way that she was standing made it easy to clean her cunt, everything was running out of her.

Afterwards we showered and got ready to go out and meet June and Mike. Becky put on a light summer dress with thin straps, she couldn’t wear a bra with it and her boobs jiggled nicely under the light material. She didn’t put on any knickers and I told her she would have to be careful because the dress wasn’t that long and if she bent over too far her pussy would be on show.

“I don’t mind showing off my pussy. Do you mind me flashing?” she asked.

“Not at all, I quite enjoy other people seeing what I get to stick my cock into” was my reply.

I was surprised at the change in Becky. Normally, she is very shy but now she had found that she enjoyed showing off her body. I was also surprised at myself, I too found it exciting that she had exposed herself. It was a real turn-on watching Mike as he looked at Becky’s pussy down on the beach. I was wondering what she had in mind for the night. I reached under her dress and rubbed her pussy. Her lips hung apart and she was soaking as I slipped a couple of fingers inside her.

We met June and Mike as arranged in one of the bars near our apartment. June and Becky sat on bar stools and Mike and I stood beside them. After a couple of rounds I nipped off to the Gents. When I came out and walked back over to the other three I could see that the way Becky was sat on the bar stool had caused her dress to ride up a little. The way her legs were positioned meant that I had I straight shot at her pussy. Since she hadn’t worn any knickers it was her uncovered pussy that I could see. In fact, anyone who came out of the Gents and looked her way would have seen what I was looking at now. Mike went to the Gents after the next round. I kept an eye out for him when he came back out. I could tell from the look on his face that he too had seen Becky’s exposed pussy. He tapped me on the shoulder and whispered in my ear that Becky was flashing her pussy. I told him that I knew already. He then said that a couple of guys in the Gents had told him about it when he was in there. After that I kept an eye out for guys going in and out of the Gents. The word had obviously got around the bar. Just about every guy coming out through the door looked in Becky’s direction and had a smile to themselves. I leaned over to Becky and asked her if she realised that her pussy was on display. Her eyes opened in horror and she pulled the hem of her dress down. Mike noticed her reaction and told her that just about every guy in the bar had seen her. It took her a moment to compose herself, then she replied that she hoped that they had enjoyed the view. Mike told her that he certainly had. We finished up our drinks and headed of to a nearby restaurant to get something to eat.

Our time in the restaurant was pretty nondescript. Becky didn’t indulge in any of her newfound exhibitionism. We had managed to consume four bottles of wine between us as well as a couple of brandies each. To say the least we weren’t feeling much pain by the time we left.

We decided to head back to our apartment, as it was the closest on to us, for a final nightcap. Becky was swaying a little bit, but then again we all probably were.

When we got into our apartment, Becky, June and Mike went out and sat on the balcony. I went through to the kitchen and got a bottle of brandy and four glasses. We sat out drinking and chatting for quite a while, not really noticing the time.
