 This is Part 2 of our holiday to Lanzarote. 

A couple of nights later we met up with June and Mike again. Becky had omitted to wear any knickers again. In fact she hadn’t worn any since the last time we’d been out with June and Mike. She’d ended up flashing her beaver to just about anyone who cared to look in the bar we’d been in that night. The last couple of days had been spent on the beach that we’d found. Becky was very bold with her new found enjoyment of nudity. Her body was getting nicely tanned all over. She had gone to the bother to trim her bush up a little bit more. The undersides had been shaved to expose her ample pussy lips. I noticed that she certainly seemed to enjoy letting other people see her exposed sex. Every evening and night was a veritable fuck fest for both of us. We had also discussed the events around the swap session that ended the evening at our apartment. Both of us were still in agreement that it was something that we’d like to do again. We left our apartment with a sense of anticipation.

We met June and Mike as arranged in a bar near their apartment. The first thing that I noticed was that the way that June was perched on the bar stool meant that I had a prime view of her bald pussy. She smiled at me and asked me if I liked the view.

“What do you mean?” I asked.

“I saw you looking at my pussy” said June.

“Well, I could hardly not notice it could I” was my reply.

“June’s been doing a bit of flashing since Becky’s exploits the other night” chipped in Mike.

“Both of us find it a bit of a turn on. I’d never done anything like it before, other than being nude on the beach. It seems so naughty doing it in bars and restaurants” said June. 

“But it wasn’t half as naughty as what we got up to back at our apartment” said Becky “ My pussy’s just getting back into shape.”

“I think we have an interesting combination with these two”, said June “ Robbie’s cock reaches depths that have never been reached before.”

“And Mike certainly stretched me more than I have ever been in the past” was Becky’s addition.

“You’re just treating us like we’re chunks of meat” said Mike.

“Don’t get upset, you boys have your meat in all the right places” was Becky’s comment to that.

I sensed that June and Mike were going to be up for another swap session tonight. Becky and certainly were, so it looked like we would be in for some fun and games later on.

We stayed in the bar for a few more drinks and both Becky and June took ample opportunity to flash their pussies. Needless to say, Mike and I found it very erotic, having our wives show off their nether regions. After a while we went off to a nearby restaurant for a meal. June and Mike told us about some of the villas that they had been to look at. They reckoned that they had found the one for them.

They told us that it had a pool and was secluded from the other villas nearby. They had gone to see it with a local Estate Agent and had seen nothing before or since to compare with it. They were going to go again tomorrow for a final look around just to make sure. They explained that the Estate Agent couldn’t take them but that the owners would be there tomorrow and that they would show them around. June asked if we’d like to come along as well. Becky accepted the invitation, as we had nothing special planned for the next day.

The girls behaved themselves at the restaurant and didn’t indulge in their new found fetish for flashing. I have to admit that I was a little disappointed about that, but then again we might have got thrown out. After a few brandies we headed of to Mike and June’s apartment.

Mike and went out and sat on the balcony while the girls got some drinks organised. When they appeared out both Becky and June were stark naked. They had removed their dresses and stood before us in all their naked glory. June’s slim body, her pert tits and smooth pussy, Becky’s heavier boobs, dark nipples and neatly trimmed bush all on show to Mike and I. Becky’s pussy lips could be easily seen since she had shaved underneath. They already looked puffy and damp. When she sat down they parted slightly to reveal her clit peeping out between them. June’s pussy was much neater than Becky’s, it didn’t have any pussy lips poking out from her slit.

“Come on boys, aren’t you going to join us?” asked June.

“We’re just enjoying the view” was Mike’s reply.

“Well, if you don’t strip off we might just go and put our dresses back on” said Becky.

Mike and I both stood up and took off our shirts then our trousers. The end of my cock was poking out the top of my boxers and I could see that Mike’s cock was hard as well. It hadn’t grown much in length (not more than 5”) but it was thick (at least 2 ½” in diameter). My nine incher stuck up at forty five degrees from my stomach as I removed my boxers. Mike’s cock just stuck out horizontally, I guess it would have taken a lot of blood to get it looking skyward.

“Both of you look pleased to see us then” said June. “I wonder if we can make them even more excited, what do you think Becky”.

“I game if you are” was Becky’s reply.

June got up and moved over to one of the loungers. She propped up the backrest on it and sat down on it. It was positioned so that she was facing Mike and I. She didn’t have to lean back far to rest her back, she then spread her legs and started to rub her smooth pussy. Her knees were slightly in the air but Mike and I both had a great view of what she was doing. She rubbed one of her fingers up and down her slit until we could clearly see that her pussy was getting very wet. She then slither finger inside herself and slowly pumped it in and out. Her other hand had moved to one of her breasts and she was rubbing the nipple on it. Becky, who had also been just watching up until this point got up and moved the other lounger next to the one June was on. Becky took up the same position as June. I could already see the juice starting to ooze form her cunt. Her lips were puffed up, her clit was clearly visible and her lips had started to part. I’ve always said that Becky had a very ripe looking pussy. Becky moved one hand down to her gaping pussy, she plunged two finger inside and used the thumb of that hand to flick her clit. The other hand went to one of her boobs, she didn’t stroke and rub it like June, she pinched her nipple. Becky does enjoy having her nipples pinched when we fuck, she reckons that her orgasms are more intense. You do have to watch though, the secret is not to pinch too hard until she is really horny. I could see that she was really pinching hard and using the edge of her nails. I knew that she was already very horny just by seeing that. 

Just sitting there watching the two of them masturbating was making me feel like my cock was going to explode. Mike and I poured ourselves another drink and continued to take in the show. They two of them continued their sexy display. Becky had worked up to four fingers inside her cunt. She got on her knees, her lips hung down between her legs then she put the four fingers back inside her. She then used the other hand to rub her clit. She was bucking like mad. (Normally she masturbates like this but with a dildo, which leaves a hand free to squeeze a nipple).

“My tits, my tits, suck my tits” she moaned.

I was about to get up to oblige when June leaned over towards Becky. I hadn’t really noticed but June had slowed down her little show and had been engrossed with Becky’s performance. June moved over and took one of Becky’s nipples in her mouth and started to suck it, June’s other hand moved over to the other boob and she started to squeeze Becky’s nipple. Becky told her to suck harder and to pinch harder. She had as much of her hand stuffed into her cunt and was furiously rubbing her clit. I could see that June’s free hand was between her legs and she was frigging her clit as she took care of my wife’s tits. It didn’t take long for Becky to reach orgasm. I looked over at Mike and he was slowly wanking his this cock, he couldn’t get his fingers around it. Becky slumped forwards as she “came”, June stopped playing with Becky’s tits and rolled back onto her lounger. She had her legs spread and had a couple of fingers inside her cunt while she frigged her clit with the other hand. 

Becky looked over at June and said “Thanks for the hand.”

“Come over and help me” said June.

Becky slid over onto June’s lounger and kissed one of her pert nipples. She moved one hand down to June’s pussy and slid a finger in beside June’s two fingers that were already stuffed inside her. Becky removed the finger and brought it up to her lips and tasted it. I could see that it wasn’t the hand that she’d had buried inside her cunt five minutes before as it was still coated in sticky pussy juice. Becky took her juice-covered hand and offered it to June. June took a hold of Becky’s hand and started to lick the juice off each finger in turn. I couldn’t believe that I was watching both of them sampling the juice from each others pussies. They were putting on their own lesbian show for Mike and I. Although I think that perhaps they had forgotten about us being there as they seemed to be engrossed with what they were doing to each other.

Becky then moved down the lounger and proceeded to bury her face in June’s cunt. I could hear Becky licking and slurping at June’s pussy. I couldn’t see it because Becky’s arse was in the way, she’d stuck it up in the air when she’d gone down on June. I could see Becky’s cunt lips gaping from having just about her whole hand stuffed up it earlier. I found it hard to resist, in fact I couldn’t, I got up out of my chair and got behind Becky’s exposed pussy. I plunged my cock all the way into her in one go. I grabbed her hips and pumped her while she still had her face buried in June’s smooth pussy. Needless to say the effects of watching the girls earlier display meant that I couldn’t hold on for very long. I could feel my balls tighten and it was only a few more strokes into Becky’s pussy before I shot my load of cum inside her. As I pulled my spent cock form her pussy and stepped back to admire her fucked cunt Mike tapped me on the shoulder.

“May I?” he asked.

“Be my guest” was my reply.

He moved forward and squeezed his fat cock into my wife’s cum filled pussy. Becky’s cunt lips stretched around his cock as he plunged it into her. Becky was still licking June’s cunt and clit, I could see that June was getting ready to orgasm. She moaned and gasped as she got nearer and nearer. Her face and chest flushed red. She shouted out that she was coming and bucked hard against Becky. Becky held onto her by putting her hands under June’s ass cheeks. Once June had come Becky raised her self up onto all fours, Mike was still pumping her cunt with his fat cock. He tensed up and I knew that he was filling her with his cum. Becky moaned and then sighed. That was a definite sign that she could feel Mike’s cock pulsing and throbbing as he jetted his cum into her wet pussy. He withdrew his cock and Becky’s pussy made a slurping noise as it came out. I’d sat back down on my chair and as Mike moved away from behind Becky I could she that Mike’s fat cock had once again stretched her cunt. Her lips gaped apart and a mixture of her juice, Mike’s cum and mine as well was dripping out of her. She flopped back onto the lounger that she’d been on at the start. She lay there with her legs apart, the contents of her cunt were running out of her and down the crack of her ass. June sat up and looked at Becky’s cunt, she looked over at Mike and I, a smile came on her face. She then moved over and got between Becky’s spread thighs. She proceeded to lick the mixture of sex juices from her pussy. Becky just moaned as she lay back, her eyes were shut and she certainly looked like she was enjoying herself. June was just licking gently at her pussy to clean her up, I don’t think that Becky had the energy for another orgasm at this point in the proceedings.

Mike and I had refilled our glasses and raised them to each other as way of a toast. June had soon finished licking Becky’s pussy clean. June got up and got a drink for herself and Becky. The pair of them were sitting on their respective loungers drinking their wine. It seemed surreal, My wife, in the last forty minutes or so had experienced sex with three different people and one of them was a woman. I know from her past that she had experimented with girls when she was at college, but that was years ago. She had admitted to me that she had enjoyed the experience but she preferred getting fucked by a man. I suppose that she has always had a little touch of the bisexual to her.

The wind had picked up and there was a chill in the air. We all decided to go indoors. We went straight through to the bedroom. June announced that she wanted to get fucked, Becky would have to wait as she had already had two cocks come inside her already.

June pulled me over to her and started to suck my cock to get it hard. She told Becky to get Mike hard so that he would be ready to fuck her after I’d done her. I laid down on my back while June sucked and wanked my cock to full hardness. Once I was hard she hopped on top and eased herself down onto my cock. I could see that Becky was struggling to get much more than Mike’s bell-end into her mouth. She seemed to spend most of the time licking it like an ice cream cone. It certainly was working as his cock was growing in her hand. June looked over and saw that Mike was ready.

“Come over here Mike” she said.

Mike slid over the bed and laid down beside me. June climbed off me and got on top of Mike. I watched as she spread her pussy apart with one hand and held his cock with the other. She positioned herself so that his cock was at the entrance to her cunt. Then she slowly slid down it until it was buried in her up to his nuts.

“Robbie, get behind me” she told me.

I got behind her as she instructed me to do. She leaned forwards, her tight ass was revealed to me, below it I could see that her pussy was stretched tight by Mike’s big knob.

“Robbie, I want you to fuck my ass. I think you’ve got a perfect cock for that, it’s long and not too fat. I’ve never been able to take Mike in there, but I want both of you inside me. You in my ass and Mike in my pussy.”

“June, he is perfect for taking up the ass. He goes so deep. I can understand why you don’t take Mike up there, he’s a tight enough fit in my pussy, no way would I let him do my ass” said Becky.

June asked Becky to get some lub from the bathroom. Becky came back with it and squeezed some out onto her hand. She coated my cock with it, wanking it at the same time. June leaned forwards again and I held her cheeks apart exposing her tight hole. Becky still had a hold of my cock. She guided it towards June’s puckered ass. I could feel her tense up as my bell-end pushed against it. Becky told her to relax, it would go in easy if she relaxed. I held a little pressure against her ass and Becky slowly pushed the end of my cock into June’s tight ass. I could feel June relax and she seemed to open just enough for me to slide at least half of my cock inside her. I decided to stay put at that time. I know that Becky likes to take it a bit at a time until she gets comfortable with it. I told her I was just going to stay where I was for a minute or two. The sensational thing was that I could feel Mike’s cock through the thin membrane between June’s pussy and ass. He was moving in and out of her very slowly, I could feel every movement of his cock. It was as if we were in the same hole. I could feel June relax a bit more so I eased in a bit further. Each time I felt her tense up a bit I would stop, then when she relaxed I push a bit more in. 

Before long I had my cock buried all the way in her ass. She then started to move up and down on Mike’s cock. I didn’t think that she was ready for me to pump her so I just stayed buried deep in her tight ass. I just hung on as she rode Mike’s cock. He groaned and when he started to come I could feel his cock jerk as her shot his load. I could now understand how Becky could feel me when I came inside her. June stayed on top of Mike, I could feel his cock start to shrink inside her pussy. I took this as my cue and started to slowly pump my cock in and out of her ass. Becky had put a lot of lub on my cock but I didn’t want to go too hard on June until she was totally comfortable with it. She seemed to be getting the hang off relaxing her muscles after a couple of minutes.

“Fuck me harder, fuck my ass harder, please fuck it hard” June shouted.

I started to speed up my thrusts into her, she started to buck back against me. I could tell that she was getting used to having her ass fucked. From the way she was reacting she certainly seemed to be enjoying it. My pace increased and her ass opened up a little as I worked the full length of my cock into her. When I felt myself about to come I thrust all the way in and held myself there. I could feel my cum spurting out of my cock into June’s ass. Once I pulled out of her I looked down to see that her ass hadn’t contracted and was still gaping open. Come of my cum had started to trickle out of her, there was also a lot of the lub smeared around her ring. As she started to compose herself it then proceeded to close back up, as it did so more of my cum and lub was squeezed out of it.

The rest on the night went pretty much along the same lines. Mike and I fucked Becky the same way as we had done to June, Mike in her cunt and me up her ass. While she was getting fucked by us she got June to stand in front of her so that she could lick her quim at the same time. 

The girls got into a sixty-nine and then Mike and I fucked them at the same time. We swapped around a couple of times so that it meant that June was getting fucked by me as Becky licked her clit at the same time. Then I would be fucking Becky’s cunt while June licked it. 

We ended up falling asleep after god knows how many sex sessions, all four of us on the bed. At about five o’clock in the morning I was woken up to find that Mike was on top of Becky fucking her. I just laid there and watched, to be honest I was too tired to do anything and my ball bag was empty. He pounded hard into her and she was bucking under him. I could hear her sloppy cunt as he pumped in and out, she had been seriously fucked between the both of us. I’d fucked her three times and Mike was on his fourth go at the moment.

After he’d shot his load in her, I rolled over and pretended that I’d just woken up. I looked at my watch and suggested that we headed off back to our apartment. Becky agreed and pulled her dress on over her head. I looked at her cunt when she was putting it on and could see that her pussy did indeed look well fucked. Her lips hung down and cum was trickling down her thigh. 

As we were leaving we agreed that we’d go with Mike and June to look at the villa they were hoping to buy. They said they’d come and pick us up in their hire car at two o’clock in the afternoon.

When we got back to the apartment, I fixed us some breakfast and Becky went into the bathroom to clean up. I could hear the water running for ages. I opened the door to find her sat on the bidet.

“Now I know why they’ve got these” she said “they are great for soothing a sore pussy. It’s lovely and cool. Can you bring me a cup of tea, I think I’ll stay here for a while.”

We ended up going and having a sleep to recharge our batteries after the exploits of the previous night. We got up about one o’clock in time for Mike and June picking us up.

The trip to view the villa is as they say “another story”.