 The scene could have been from “Four Weddings and a Funeral” or “Bridget Jones’ Diary”. I was stood outside a delightful English country house at a company organised garden party. I had only just joined the company as a junior manager and I was impressed. There was a superb spread of food in the marquee, but it was so hot, everybody was outside drinking champagne and trying to catch some of the gentle breeze. The guests were generally wealthy and good looking but one person stood out from the rest. It was Lucy. 

Lucy was in her early twenties with curves everywhere curves should be. She had long blonde hair, which she kept sweeping back in a coy but extremely erotic manner. She was wearing an incredibly subtle but sexy dress. It wasn’t particularly low cut or very short. It was just a simple summer dress made with a very thin material.

If you got in just the right position with the sunlight behind her, you could clearly see the outline of her stunning braless breasts or her shapely thighs, depending on the angle she was stood at. I had spent the last hour moving around the garden just so that I was always in exactly the right spot to see her hidden secrets. 

It was sometimes difficult to see her properly, because wherever Lucy went, a small group of young men always followed. Even from where I stood, you could see the bulges in their trousers. Lucy was like that, when she looked you in the eyes, your brain short-circuited and sent a message to pump every spare drop of blood into your cock. Even at this distance she was having the same effect on me.

“Hi, I’m Steph. You seem to be enjoying the view. I’ve been watching you getting into the best vantage points.” I turned and saw a very elegant brunette lady who was in her early forties and who unlike Lucy, clearly didn’t think a low cut dress looked out of place here. She looked like she must be wearing a half-cup bra; because I knew breasts that size couldn’t hold themselves up at that angle without help. She also appeared flushed, probably from a little too much alcohol. 

Steph continued, “She’s a real prick tease. Have you noticed each time she puts her glass down; her hand lightly brushes past one of their cocks. She chooses a different one each time. Some of those guys have had erections for over 40 minutes. Their underwear must be soaked in pre-cum. How about yours?” As she said this, she looked down at my bulge and then slowly and very deliberately ran the tip of her tongue around her lips.

Luckily, I was wearing dark trousers otherwise there would have been no need to ask the question. I was speechless.

Steph continued suggestively, “I’ve finished my drink. I could do with a good stiff cock...” there was a slight but noticeable pause and then she continued with, “…tail.”

At that moment, the movement around Lucy caught both our eyes. The four men closest to her were moving off into the marquee. Each of them seemed to have some difficulty in walking normally. Lucy then turned and walked straight over to Steph and I. 

Lucy glanced at Steph and said, “Thank you for keeping my boyfriend entertained. I think you’ll find what you need behind the back of the marquee.” 

Steph looked puzzled, but she walked off around the side of the marquee anyway. Lucy said, “I’m sure she’ll be pleasantly surprised to see four cocks sticking out of the slits you cut into the side of the marquee. I wonder if she’ll manage to guess who the owner of each cock is?”

I was annoyed. “Why did you tell Steph? The plan was that you and I would share the cocks. The whole point of this was for me to get my first taste of someone else’s cum.” 

Lucy moved closer to me, looked me straight in the eyes, placed her hand on my cock and squeezed gently. She then slowly moved her hand down until it reached my balls. She then squeezed very firmly until I started writhing in pain. She said, “Don’t forget who the boss in this relationship is!” 

She gradually released her tight grip and began a gentle stroking action. Her voice softened and she said, “I’m as horny and disappointed as you. You know the thought of seeing your face covered in cum makes me wet, but those guys told me the woman you were talking to was the Managing Director’s wife. We don’t want her or her husband finding out you are interested in swinging both ways, do we?” I glumly nodded my head. 

The Company Chairman standing up and making a speech interrupted our conversation. He thanked everyone for attending and announced that for those travelling by train, the minibus to the station would be leaving in 5 minutes.

It looked like we were the only ones heading for the minibus. Lucy’s nursing home was right by a train station, just over an hour down the line. This was handy as it meant we could both drink when we went out. As we climbed aboard, we could see there was a fat middle-aged man who was snoring his head off in the front passenger seat. I told Steph that it was the managing director. 

Lucy said, “No wonder Steph is looking for some extra-marital action.” 

The driver chipped in and said, “I hope he’s not sick, he’s in a right state. Mind you look at her!” 

Through the window we could see Steph rushing across to the minibus. She looked bedraggled. A bra strap was hanging out of her handbag, her hair was all over the place, her makeup was a mess, and she was struggling to get her breasts completely back into her dress. 

She clambered in the back with us and the driver shut the door. You could smell the cum on her, and see it in her hair, over her face, on her neck and at the top of her cleavage. I wondered which of the men she had given a blowjob to and which she had wanked off between her luscious tits. My cock had been semi-flaccid but immediately sprang back to life.

As soon the minibus was moving and the engine noise had given us some privacy, Steph leant across and said, “Thank you for that but please, please don’t tell anyone. You’ve got to help me. It’s only 5 minutes to the station. Please clean me up before he wakes.” She looked over with disgust at her drunken husband. 

Between us, we didn’t have a tissue or handkerchief. So Lucy used her fingers to start scraping off the largest glob of cum. Whilst Steph’s head was turned, Lucy put her fingers in my mouth. Wow! I was in heaven this was the first cum other than my own, that I had tasted. I was desperate for more. 

I was mesmerised, Lucy was trying to clear the cum, but all she was really doing was spreading it around. Steph was beginning to panic, as we were now over halfway to the station. She blurted out, “Please lick it off, it’s the only way you are going to get rid of it.”

I’ll forever thank Lucy for what she said next. “I can’t. I can’t stand the taste of it. It makes me sick.” This was a complete lie; the only thing that makes Lucy sick is if she misses a drop. She put on a innocent pleading look and turned to me and said, “I know it’s a lot to ask, but will you please help Steph out?” 

I managed a fairly unconvincing, “Lucy, I couldn’t possibly do anything like that!”

Steph begged me, “Please do it now. I’ll put a good word in for you with my husband. I’ll make sure you he gives you a promotion. I’ll do anything as long as he doesn't find out! Please lick the cum off me. ”

I think Steph was slightly surprised by the speed I moved forward and started licking the cum from her eyebrow and how I quickly worked my way down across her cheeks, and down her neck to the top of her cleavage. I could actually tell the slight differences in consistency and taste between some of the cum. Within a minute, other than a slightly strange hairdo, there weren’t any visible clues that 4 guys had cum over her a few moments ago. 

Lucy said, “What about your bra?”

Steph whipped the top of her dress down to her waist and revealed a pair of gorgeous breasts that were made for burying your head in. She was about to put her bra on, when I stopped her. I’d spotted some cum on her left nipple. I leant forward and sucked it off. This obviously did something for Steph, because instantly the nipple hardened in my mouth and she let out a groan. 

There was a shout of “We’re here,” from the front of the minibus. Steph, Lucy and I all groaned together, but from frustration rather than passion this time. 

Steph quickly put her bra back on and pulled up her dress. She then amazed us by hitching up the bottom of her dress, whipping off her panties and thrusting them in my hands. They were absolutely soaking. She said, “They are little thank you present to you both. I think we are going in the opposite direction to you, but I hope to see you again. Oh and when you get on your train get Lucy to do something about that.” She was looking down at the erection that was clearly visible through my trousers. 

We could see a train pulling into the small station that was going our way. So Lucy and I quickly said goodbye, and ran to the platform and just managed to jump on the train before the doors closed. 

As soon as we sat down Lucy grabbed the knickers from my hand and put them to her nose like a handkerchief. She said, “God she was turned on. These smell so fucking wonderful and they are so wet.” 

She had a quick look around, saw there was no one else visible in the carriage and then slipped her dress off her shoulders. Lucy’s breasts were smaller but far firmer than Steph’s. Her nipples were already erect and over 2 inches long. Yes I mean over 2 inches long. Just before I saw Lucy naked for the first time, she had told me that she had an embarrassing secret. She said her nipples were larger than any others she had ever seen and that she couldn’t orgasm without them being squeezed hard or being bitten at the point she was about to climax. She was really relieved when she found out her nipples turned me on as much as they did her.

Anyway back to the train. Lucy started to rub the knickers over her nipples and then gradually increased the area she was covering. Those knickers must have been really drenched because there were actually damp patches appearing on Lucy’s breasts. After a few seconds she always returned to give her nipples a little more attention and each time she rubbed a bit harder.

Lucy started breathing more heavily and shouted at me, “Suck her cunt juices off my tits!” I loved how her language changed when she was really turned on.

I attacked each nipple in turn. They smelled and tasted of cunt. She undid my fly, pulled by cock out, pulled her dress up so it was nothing more than a broad belt around her waist and pushed the tip of my cock into the side of her knickers. She then pulled her knickers further to one side and then slowly eased herself down onto my throbbing dick. Her cunt was red hot; it felt like it was going to scald me. She began riding me hard. She shoved me down deep into the back of the seat. 

I held each nipple firmly between my fingers and kept my hands against my chest. At the top of each of her thrusts, the tip of my cock was only just inside her, and her tits were stretched out taut above me. At the bottom of each thrust she moaned loudly. Her eyes were closed in concentration and beads of sweat were beginning to form on her forehead. 

The pattern of moaning began to change, strangely it sounded like more than one person. What was going on here? Lucy’s eyes sprang open, she slowed the pace of her thrusts a little and a lecherous smile spread across her face.

“I’ve woken you up have I? Come closer both of you! Haven’t you ever seen a real woman’s tits before! Come on stand on the seat beside me, so I can get a close look at your young cocks.”

Two teenagers appeared from behind me. There was just enough room for them to each stand on the seat besides us. Their cocks were the same height as my head and about level with Lucy’s tits. Their stiff cocks were hanging out of their unzipped jeans. One was circumcised, ivory coloured and about 6 inches long. The other was deep ebony and over 8 inches long. I’m no expert but their hairless ball sacs looked really full to me. 

They rapidly rubbed their hands back and forth along the length of their cocks. Occasionally the movement of the train would knock them off balance and the tips of the cocks would touch. When there cocks moved apart again a stream of joint pre-cum would link them together until it was flung off by their violent rubbing. 

Lucy shoved her right nipple into my mouth and screamed, “Bite it hard you bastard.” I clenched my teeth on it and then she twisted towards the teenagers. “Cum on my left tit now!”

Their cocks erupted almost simultaneously. Their first spurts hit the bull’s-eye and landed across Lucy’s left nipple. At this point there coordination failed and they carried on cumming across both tits and down the right side of my face. The jizz felt hot on my cheek. All this sent Lucy over the top and her cunt contracted like a vice around my cock. Her whole body was racked with convulsions. She screamed so loudly that the train driver must have heard her. 

My cock exploded and pumped what felt like gallons of cum deep into Lucy. I heard the two teenagers run off down the train and I glanced up to see Lucy looking down at me lovingly. This changed to a mischievous grin as she pulled my face up into the gap between her tits, until she was smothering me. She pushed my head from side to side, rubbing the boys cum all over my face. And then pushed my head away, so she could look at her handy work. 

She then lapped at the cum on my face. When she had collected enough cum in her mouth, she French kissed me and transferred the nectar to me. 

She then whispered tenderly in my ear, “Are you happy now my little cum slut?” 

Any feedback positive or negative is welcome. Please email me at the link below.