 I had been watching porn for years before a strange thought occurred to me. I had seen gangbang and bukakke videos featuring a large number of guys that clearly weren't professional porn stars, they were almost like extras. Where did those guys come from? They had to be recruited from somewhere, even for amateur videos, there had to be some sort of screening, they can't just grab guys off the street. It amused me to think that there would be a staffing agency that supplied 'guys ready to shoot their spunk on a porn star's face' but then I really started to wonder where they get them from. 

I had no intention of taking it any further but one night I was having a few beers with some mates and it came up, so to speak. I was a bit worse for wear and I can't remember how it fitted into the conversation but I thought it was a funny question. I was shocked when my mate said he knew someone that had been an 'extra' on a porn shoot. 

What happened next was a blur but to cut a long story short, a few weeks later I found myself on the set of a porn shoot not too far from where I lived. It wasn't as easy as I had expected and as I thought, there was a screening process; I had to prove I was healthy, sign a load of firms and so on, but there is was. When I say 'set', I mean it was a warehouse full of cameras, lights, and a huge number of people. It was different than I had imagined, everyone had a job to do and everyone was busy. 

The other extras and I were waiting in an area away from the set and as I looked around, I had to admit, we were an odd looking bunch. Some of us muscly and athletic, some old and fat, and I was somewhere in between. Some guys looked completely comfortable, some looked guilty and nervous. Probably a quarter of them had covered their faces with masks or scarfs; I had just gone for shades and a cap. On the off chance that someone I knew saw this movie, I didn't want to be recognised. I was surprised to see that there were around sixty of us, just waiting to be told what to do. 

The star of the show was Kayley, a gorgeous tall blonde with wavy hair and big tits. There was no plot, the idea was simple, the sixty of us would gangbang Kayley until we were spent and she was covered in cum. Basically, they would keep filming until we were all done and then edit the footage later on. 

Because there were so many of us, we were told that there would be two fluffers whose job it was to keep us hard. I had always been turned on by the thought of porn set fluffers; there was something so nasty about them. Their job was to make sure the male porn stars stayed hard so basically, they were there to be used but they weren't even the star of the show, they were just servicing guys in the background so they could perform, it was so dirty. 

Eventually, the producer (I guess you could call him that) announced that it was about time to start shooting and that the fluffers were on their way in to start getting us ready. With that, two girls strutted in and that was when I got the shock of my life. My eyes followed the first girl as I noticed that she was stunning, short and curvy with wavy blonde hair and even bigger tits than Kayley. She was dressed only in a pair of hot red panties. As my eyes drifted to the second girl, they shot open in shock when I realised I knew her. For a few seconds, I struggled to believe what I was seeing, but it was definitely her. Jana was an old friend of mine who I had been quite close with a few years ago but we had lost contact recently. 

My mind raced as I didn't know how to feel, should I be embarrassed that I was there? Of course I shouldn't, she was there too. At first, I hadn't even remembered that she was married. It felt like ages but was probably only a few seconds before I settled down and realised that this was an opportunity for me. I had always kind of fancied Jana, she didn't have a conventionally beautiful face but was more of a 'girl next door' type she had a cute smile and she was tall and had a great figure. Her long brown hair was flowing freely and she was naked except for a white thong. That was when it hit me that this was the first time I had seen Jana naked. We had got drunk at a party once and she let me finger her but that was under the covers in the dark, like inexperienced teenagers do. Now that I could see her in all her glory, she was gorgeous. 

Either she hadn't seen me or she didn't recognise me under my hat and glasses, but she didn't react. Jana and the other fluffer took their positions, knelt down next to each other on a couple of cushions, and the guys started to line up in front of them. There were no preliminaries, the first guy just stepped up to Jana, offered his cock to her and she wrapped her mouth around it and started sucking. I just stood there for a minute, watching Jana bob her head up and down on this guy's dick until I snapped back to reality and joined the line of guys waiting for the fluffers. I still couldn't quite believe what I was seeing as the first guy pulled his dick out of Jana's mouth and ran off to the main set along with the guy who had been using the other girl's mouth to get him hard. The next two guys in line stepped up to the girls and just shoved their dicks into their mouths. 

It took a few minutes for me to get to the front of the line and by the time I got there, I had watched my friend take six cocks into her mouth. When the guy using the other fluffer moved on, Jana still had a guy holding her head while he basically fucked her face, so I had to go to the other girl. If I'm honest, she was actually hotter than Jana and as I stepped up in front of her, she looked up at me and smiled sweetly as she grabbed my dick and wrapped her lips around it. 

This girl was seriously good at sucking dick, after the shock of seeing Jana there I hadn't even got hard yet but after a few seconds of this hot blonde swirling her tongue around my dick, I felt like I was nearly ready to cum. I pulled out and thanked her before I followed the other guys out to the main set. 

The 'set' was essentially just a platform surrounded by lights and cameras with Kayley in the centre, lying on her back. There was a guy between her legs frantically fucking her, one stood by her head shoving his dick in her mouth, and one more stood to her side squeezing one of her big tits. As I got closer, I could see she was already looking a bit dishevelled, she had a few streaks of cum on her face and in her hair, which was a bit matted and tangled. The guy who was fucking her pulled out and quickly moved around to her side, almost knocking the other guy out of the way before his cock exploded, spraying cum all over her heaving tits. 

Seeing my opportunity, I didn't hesitate; I quickly stepped up between Kayley's legs and lined my cock up with her pussy. As I firmly slammed into her, I found she was much tighter than I had expected. I guess I thought a girl who was getting fucked so much would be looser but it almost felt like her pussy was clamping down around my dick. I started pumping away as I watched her cum soaked tits flop around on her chest. The guy in her mouth pulled out and stroked his cock for a few seconds until he started spraying ropes of jizz across her face while she moaned "oh yes baby, all over my face." Now that her mouth was free, she looked down at me and moaned "oh yeah, fuck me baby, fuck my little cunt, fuck it harder." 

She was clearly overdoing it for the cameras but she groaned and grunted like she was having the most pleasurable time of her life, I highly doubt that was the case. It was only a few seconds before another guy stepped up to replace the previous one and shoved his cock in her mouth. This guy was much rougher and held the back of her head in his hands while he forced his cock into her throat and roughly fucked her face. The guy who had been stood to my left squeezing her tits seemed to have lost his erection so he quietly moved away as another new guy replaced him. While I pounded her pussy, the two new guys passed her head to each other and took turns fucking it as she gasped for breath every time one of them pulled out. 

I guess she was used to this kind of treatment but I almost felt sorry for her, and I could see more guys waiting their turn so I pulled out and let someone replace me. I watched for a couple of minutes while these guys used her body and then I wondered back to the where the fluffers were. There was still a huge queue of guys and each of the fluffers were now servicing two guys at once, stroking one while sucking another. It all seemed a bit less orderly now, the guys were all gathering around and the girls were just accepting any dicks that were presented to them. Eventually I managed to get close to Jana and I just stood there with my semi hard cock just a few inches away from her. When she let go of the cock she was sucking, she turned to me, grabbed my cock, and sucked it into her mouth. 

The next few minutes were incredible, she was even better than the other girl. I couldn't believe Jana was actually sucking my dick but I don't think she even knew it was me. She hadn't looked up to see who was using her slutty mouth; she had just sucked my dick in and started blowing me. This was easily the best blowjob I had ever had and within two minutes I had to pull out to stop myself from cumming. Jana instantly moved to start sucking the dick she had been stroking and I ran off back to the set. 

By now, I could see that Kayley was looking and lot more dishevelled, her hair was a sticky matted mess and her face and body where covered in streaks of cum. She must have been used at least once by every guy already but she was still sucking and stroking the guys enthusiastically while screaming and moaning. I watched as the guy who as slamming his hips into her pulled out and sprayed another load of cum all the way up to her tits. As another guy stepped up to her, she got up on her knees, gestured for him to lay down on the platform, and then turned to straddle him. She reached down to line his dick up and then slammed her hips down, taking the whole thing inside her in one go. 

I moved a little closer to watch this gorgeous porn slut bouncing up and down on a hard dick when suddenly;'she stopped bouncing and looked back over her shoulder. Not looking at anyone in particular she shouted "someone fuck my arse." I wasn't going to pass up that chance so I quickly jumped in before anyone else could and Kayley leaned forward onto the guy beneath her. Without hesitating, I pushed my dick up against her puckered little arsehole and shoved my hips forward. My cock disappeared up her arse as she shouted "oh fuck! That's it baby fuck my tight arse, fuck me in my tight fucking arse." 

She was right, her arse was tight, and probably even more so because she had another dick in her pussy. Almost immediately it hit me what I was actually doing, I had never done anything like this before, I was actually fucking a porn star up the arse while she bounced up and down on another cock. I couldn't last any longer and after only about 20 seconds, I plunged my dick in as far as I could and shot a huge load of cum into her arse. 

Before I had even finished cumming, Kayley looked back around and shouted "what the fuck did you cum already?" She looked around and then demanded "someone put a fucking hard cock in my arse!" I pulled my dick out of her and immediately I was pushed aside as another guy stepped up and shoved his cock in. Kayley screamed in delight until another guy shoved his cock back in her mouth and the three of them started to fuck her senseless. 

After watching them for a couple of minutes longer, I wiped the cum off my cock and wondered back to where the fluffers were. They were a bit less busy now but there were still a few guys around, I think just about all of them had blown their loads on, or in, Kayley and now there were just a few guys who wanted another go at her and needed the fluffers to get them hard again. Jana and the other girl both had a cock in their mouths but as I watched, Jana's guy pulled out and ran back to the set. No one else stepped up straight away so I decided it was time to come clean. I moved to stand in front of her and took my glasses off, and as she took my cock in her hand and casually glanced up at me, she froze and her face dropped. 

For several seconds, neither of us really knew what to do, she just sat there with my cock in her hand, staring at me. Eventually, I think she decided to just take control of the situation and she slowly took my cock into her mouth and closed her lips around it. This time it was a completely different blowjob, she was much slower and gentler, not just trying to get me hard like before. She reached her hand up and rubbed my balls while she sucked me into her throat and massaged the shaft of my cock. Fortunately, as I had recently cum, I was able to last a little longer this time but soon I felt my orgasm approaching again. I groaned and put a hand on Jana's shoulder, making it obvious that I was near the edge but she responded by reaching through my legs, putting a hand on my arse, and pulling me in closer. 

She pulled me in as far as she could and my cock exploded a load of cum into her mouth. She didn't slow down at all; she just started gulping and swallowed it down her throat. Even when I had finished, she carried on sucking for a few seconds to clean the remaining cum off my cock before she pulled her mouth off it and smiled up at me sweetly. 

We looked around and realised that there were no more guys waiting to be fluffed and even the other girl had disappeared, so we walked out to the main set where we saw all the remaining people watching the action in the centre. 

By now, there were only around twenty guys left. Some of them were still using Kayley's tiring body, a few were still waiting their turn, and the rest of the extras and crew were stood around watching. Jana and I were stood near the back and couldn't really see anything so I occupied myself by grabbing her sexy arse from behind and running my hands over it. As I looked around, I noticed in the corner there was a guy sitting in a chair watching the action while the blonde fluffer sat on his lap, gently bouncing up and down on his cock. I leaned my head towards Jana's ear and whispered "are they allowed to do that?" She turned her head back slightly and replied "only because he's a producer." 

I carried on massaging her firm arse for a minute before I asked "do you ever fuck the producers?" She giggled quietly and replied "wouldn't you like to know." Then she thought for a second and added "Let's get together sometime, I should probably explain all this." 

Before I could answer her, one of the guys moved to stand next to her and without taking his eyes off the action in the centre, he reached over to take her hand and moved it to his semi hard dick. He didn't say anything or even look at Jana, he just stood still as she started to stroke him until his cock grew a little stiffer. When he saw the guy who had been fucking Kayley's arse move away, he just removed Jana's hand and walked away from us to stand behind Kayley and shove his cock up her bum. He hadn't even acknowledged Jana, he had just used her to get his dick hard and moved on. 

We kept watching as the last few guys stepped up to fuck Kayley's various holes, and then to end the movie, the guys stood aside and the cameras moved in to show her exhausted body close up. As everyone cheered and she stood up, I could see that she was now an absolute mess. 

Her hair was matted and tussled and her fringe had several big globs of cum hanging from it. Her face was literally dripping with cum and it was running down her already cum covered torso. Her pussy was red and puffy and she had cum running down her thighs. What a slut. 

Now that we were done, everything seemed to wrap up very quickly. The extras got dressed and left, and someone helped Kayley stumble away to get showered. I looked over to see the producer shuddering and bucking his hips as he apparently shot his load inside the blonde fluffer. Jana turned to me and told me she had to go and that she would call me later, so I watched her sexy thong clad bum walk away from me, and then went to get dressed. 

It only took two minutes for me to dress and grab my bag but as I went to leave, I could hear more moaning and grunting coming from the set area. I knew I probably wasn't supposed to still be there but I couldn't help myself so I carefully peaked around one of the warehouse doors and suddenly, my spent dick began to harden again. 

There was a low backed sofa near the back of the warehouse, where the blonde fluffer (I was later to find out her name was Melissa) was knelt with her elbows on the back of it with a guy stood behind her, slamming his hips forcefully into hers. Next to her on the sofa sat the producer she had been fucking a few minutes ago, with his head tipped back and a satisfied look on his face. They were only maybe twenty feet away so I made sure to keep my body hidden behind the door, but they weren't paying attention to me anyway. The producer was facing away from me, the other guy (who I assumed was also a producer or something) was too busy concentrating on the hot blonde pussy he was fucking, and Melissa had her eyes scrunched shut and her teeth gritted tightly together as she was pounded roughly from behind. 

This guy was much rougher than the other producer and as he slammed into her, he grabbed her hair and pulled a fistful of it, forcing her head up. Melissa was grunting loudly in a mixture of pain and pleasure as her body was thrust forward and her huge tits flopped around obscenely below her. 

My attention was suddenly drawn away as a figure appeared from the other side of the sofa and I saw Jana stand up from between the other producer's legs and wipe her mouth. She smiled as she slipped her thong down her legs and stepped out of it, revealing a tiny 'landing strip' of short pubic hair above her pussy. She then straddled his hips and sank down in him, taking his dick up into her. 

This was unbelievable, not only had my gorgeous friend sucked dozens of strange cocks today, here she was casually having sex with some guy while a hot blonde basically got hate fucked right next to her. My dick was so hard it hurt, especially after having cum twice already. Jana seemed to be completely uninterested in fucking this producer, she had buried his head in her tits so that he could no longer see her face and her totally bored expression. She kept bucking her hips against his and moaning as if she were enjoying herself, but her face showed a look of contempt and indifference. 

Meanwhile, the guy fucking Melissa was getting even rougher. He continued to pull her hair with one hand and lifted the other one up to firmly slap it down, spanking her arse as he shouted "Fuck yeah take my dick, take it up your filthy cunt bitch!" This, more than anything seemed to piss Melissa off and she looked back over her shoulder and shouted "I told you not to call me a bitch you fucker."

In response, he yanked sharply on his handful of hair, pulling her body upright, and curled his other hand around her throat. As he moved his mouth towards her ear he grunted "and I told you to bend over and take it like a slut. That's what you want right? You want to be my little slut?"

He let go of her hair and her throat, and her body flopped forward onto the sofa, her head dropping so her hair fell down covering her face. "Unless you want me to stop?" He asked, thrusting his hips forward again and then holding them tightly against hers. I heard a quiet grunt from beneath her tangled hair and she seemed to press her hips back into his slightly. 

"Is that what you want?" He asked again. There was another quiet grunt so he grabbed her head again, wrapping her hair up in his hand and pulling it up slightly to uncover her face as he growled "what?"
