 This is my first attempt at writing for Literotica. I'd be most grateful for any feedback or criticism! This story involves anal sex and analingus, if that's not your scene then don't read. Enjoy!

***

"OK, now take the second exit on the next roundabout."

"Got it..."

"Wait a minute! Stop! I meant the third!"

"You said the second!"

"Well I meant the third."

"Fucking CHRIST."

Lara shrank back in her seat and stared out of the window. She hated map reading, she hated Chris's grumpy mood, and she hated the fact they were going to visit Chris's dad and stepmum. From her boyfriend's description, his father was a red faced, snorting capitalist who lacked respect for women, ethnic minorities and his own liver, while the stepmother was a lascivious tart of pantomime dimensions. She glumly reminded herself of the parties she was missing back home in Edinburgh, the banter that was taking place in the communal kitchen in her student halls, and how miserable the weekend ahead would be.

A couple of hours later than planned, they walked up the driveway of Chris's father's house in the Lake district. In spite of herself, Lara felt a little happier at the sight of the lovely countryside. She steeled herself as they walked into the living room.

Wholly unexpectedly, she found herself being pressed into a rather large bosom. "You must be Lara!" cried its owner, freeing her from the crushing embrace. "I'm Collette, Chris's stepmum... and speak of the devil!" Chris was given the same treatment, which he extricated himself from coldly. "I'm sorry we're late. Lara was demonstrating her map reading ability." Lara stared at Chris when he insulted her, but Collette laughed heartily at him, smiling at Lara and wrapping an arm around her. "Come through to the kitchen, I'll get you both a drink."

Lara was blushing furiously, not only because of Chris's lack of tact. Collette was the most striking woman she'd ever seen: long, straight brown hair, which smelled delicious, a curvy body with a tiny waist nipped in by a belt, wide hips and shoulders, and of course, huge breasts with a generous amount of cleavage between. Her skin was olive, her ethnicity was somewhat ambiguous, and her eyes were sparkling and green. Lara considered herself to be straight, but occasionally she would see a woman which caused her to wonder a little. 

Collette mixed gin and tonics for them all. Chris drank his with unseemly haste, and poured himself another while the women sipped theirs more slowly. Lara usually drank faster, but found herself unconsciously copying Collette's slow, deliberate movements. 

"How's my girl?"

Roger strode through the door, beaming on the group. He kissed Collette on the top of the head, before seeing Lara and introducing himself. "I'm Roger. So nice to finally meet my boy's companion. Lara put out her hand to be shaken, but Roger took it in his left hand, raised it to his mouth, and kissed it lightly while looking into her pale blue eyes with his brown, wolfish ones. Lara blushed again. She really wished she didn't blush so easily.

"Good to see you son" Roger advanced on Chris, who smiled a little when his father hugged him tightly. Lara was pleased to see her boyfriend looking somewhat happy for the first time that day.

The group went out for dinner in a small local restaurant. Roger and Colette evidently knew the staff well, judging by their friendly manner with everyone from the manager down. Lara, a part time waitress herself, was particularly impressed with their patience with the waiter, who barely seemed eighteen years old and who was evidently brand new. His newness manifested itself most clearly when he turned round suddenly and knocked Chris's wine glass off the table, splashing Chris with a half glass of an unassuming red with warm, mulberry tones. Despite the rest of the table trying to laugh it off, Chris didn't see the funny side and informed the manager.

"How could you?!" gasped Lara when they were finally alone, back home in the guest bedroom. "You saw how nervous he was! You probably lost him his job!"

"Good! It will make room for someone who's bloody competent!"

"He's new! It was probably his first shift! I made so many mistakes in my first month. Imagine if I'd been fired! I would have had to beg my parents for money, and what sort of sad case lives off their family at our age..."

Lara tailed off as the sad case stared at her balefully.

"Look. I'm going to sleep in my old room. I'll see you in the morning."

Chris exited, slamming the door.

Lara lay back in bed, and angrily cracked the spine of her paperback. She knew Chris would most likely be apologetic in the morning, but she was horny now. She was suddenly reminded of their first fight, when he had stormed off to his room, and after drying her eyes, she had slipped into his room and given him a surprise blowjob as a form of apology. Perhaps the same technique would work this time.

Lara sat up and swung her legs out of bed. Moving as noiselessly as she could, she crossed the guest bedroom floor, carefully opened the door and padded across to the second door on the left of the corridor. She paused for a moment before opening it, her heart thumping, then forced her hand to turn the knob and walked through.

Her eyes were no use in the total darkness, so she put her hands out to feel her way. She brushed against what felt like a pillow, and patted out to confirm that she was standing beside a bed, with a silent body in it. Lara smiled a little as she ran her hand up his back, over his neck and ran her fingers across his scalp, leaning over to brush her lips against his ear. He stirred, rolling onto his back in half sleep to kiss her fingers, and she responded by pushing her fingertips gently into his mouth. He sucked on them languorously, resisting when she pulled them out, trailing them down his bare, firm chest to circle his nipples, eliciting a gasp. She paused her teasing for a moment to slip under the covers, lightly kissing his lips once she was in.

"Well, this is a surprise Lara."

Lara gave an unexpectedly theatrical gasp when she realised where she really was. Rather than being in bed with her boyfriend, she had stumbled into the bed of his father... and his wife!

"Oh God... oh Christ... Jesus!" she stammered.

"Just Roger will do, my dear," said Roger, before kissing her and folding her in his arms.

"B... but..." she said, her words disturbed by Roger returning her attention to his nipples in kind, stroking and pinching her through her thin top. Her nipples erected and doubled in sensitivity, and she couldn't help moaning aloud when he bared her left breast and started sucking, flickering his tongue across the exposed nub, continuing to roll her right nipple between his thumb and finger.

Lara and Roger's movement and vocalisation wakened Collette. She wallowed into conciousness, rolling over to hold her husband... and found instead a young woman, her tits exposed to Roger's mouth and hands.

"Lara." she muttered, her hand reaching for the girl's soft belly, kissing her slowly on the lips.

"I wondered when you were joining us love. " said Roger, leaving Lara's engorged nipple to kiss his wife.

"This was an accident, I didn't mean..." said Lara.

Collette reached over to the dimmer switch, bringing the light up slowly so as not to hurt their eyes. Lara had quite a choice of lovely sights to survey. Her sexy father in law, his wolf like eyes dilated with lust and his mouth in a confident smirk, and his beautiful wife. Both were nude, as was their usual habit for bed, and Lara could see the tip of Roger's uncut cock, peeking over the top of the covers and barely brushing his navel. As enticing as she found his manhood, she was entranced by Collette's body. Lara, while curious, had never been with a girl before, nor had seen a naked woman in real life at such close quarters. Her breasts were large, drooping slightly due to their size, with fine, tanned skin peaking in large purply areolae capped with pink, swollen nipples. Her broad shouldered chest narrowed to a tiny waist, before flaring out again to her broad hips. Collette did not deny Lara a glimpse of what lay between those glorious hips, parting her legs a little to reveal her pink inner lips between her trimmed, full, outer lips. Collette watched Lara's appraising glances, and teasingly kissed the air between them, still stroking her belly and running her fingertips under the waistband of the girl's shorts.

"Hmm... you're breaking the rules honey. No clothes allowed in this bed." said Collette, grinning broadly.

Lara was usually too shy to even wear a low cut top in public, but having been brought to near orgasm by Roger's expertise at nipple play, she was no longer in her usual state of mind. She crossed her arms and pulled her top up, her tits bouncing a little as it pulled past them, then reached out and exaggeratedly dropped it on the floor. Then she pulled her shorts down slowly, revealing her cunt with its waxed lips and little landing strip, before stretching her long legs out to remove them completely, relegating the shorts to the floor as well. She lay back between the couple, brazenly naked, smiling a little in spite of her residual nervousness.

"Much better. What a georgous creature to wake up to" burred Collette, leaning over to press her full lips against Lara's eager mouth. Their tongues slid together, feeling cat-like rough against each other. Lara explored Collette's body, cupping her full breasts and stroking down her back to squeeze her full bottom. Roger lay very close, his eyes wide to miss no detail. His hand stole down to his cock, stroking up and down his shaft lightly and running his nails lightly over his balls. He could have cum at any moment, but he was anxious not to spoil the main event.

Collette slid down Lara's body, licking round the edges of Lara's bald lips. Roger returned to her tits, pushing them together to try to suck both nipples at once. Lara's body bucked when Collette's lips closed over her clit, while her tongue gave it deliberate laps. Collette pushed two fingers into Lara, curling them round to stroke her G spot. Lara could feel her orgasm building, but Collette felt her body stiffening and backed off, which Roger noticed and copied her. Lara lay gasping from her near orgasm, while Collette let Roger lick Lara's essence from her fingers. Collette gave her husband a little wink.

"What's that?" asked Lara, as Collette reached into the bedside drawer, taking out a small tube of lube.

"You'll soon see" she replied, tucking it under the pillow, which Roger smothered further questions by kissing her. Lara relaxed into the kiss, allowing him to explore her mouth, tasting her own juices from his tongue. He leaned his body against her, not able to resist moving his cock against her thigh, as if his manhood scented the moisture running down her thighs. His hand floated down her body, easily finding her clit and rubbing in slow circles. After a while, his fingers slid down to her cunt, sliding in and feeling her warmth and tightness. He made eye contact with his wife, who gave him a small nod. Finally, his wicked fingers left her cunt and slid even lower.

Lara's eyes flashed open when she felt Roger probe her nether orifice, though with shock rather than pain. Her arse was coated with her juices, as were Roger's fingers, and he slipped past her tight ring with ease. He slipped down, till his head was level with her clit, anxious to taste her firsthand. Collette lay next to her with an arm around her, stroking her own so far neglected clit. He licked her to the brink of orgasm with three fingers deep in her virgin arse, then stopped.

"Please don't stop" whispered Lara, moving against his hand so that his fingers didn't still in her arse.

"You like this then?" growled Roger, his eyes staring unavoidably into hers.

"I..." she began.

"Do you like me fingering your sweet little arse?" he repeated

"Yes!"

"Say it again."

"I love your fingers in my arse."

"Have you been fucked here before?"

"No..."

He used his other hand to roll her nipple while he said, "Lara, with your permission I'd like to be the first."

With his fingers deep in her, her tortured nipple sending shockwaves across her body, and his huge, cock pulsating at the edge of his vision, her answer was to turn over, cock her bum and present herself to him.

Collette laughed fruitily and stroked her back. "Now we show you what the lube is for," she began, but Roger stopped her. "Not yet."

He leaned over, pressing his tongue into her dark hole. She couldn't believe it at first, "Oh... God... you're licking my..."

He scooped his fingers behind, lightly stroking her horny slit as he fucked her with his tongue. After a few minutes he pulled away and wiped his face.

"I'm going to lube your arsehole so you're good and ready to take me. But while I do that, I'm concious that my wife's pussy has been neglected so far, and that is intolerable. I want you to lick her for me, Lara". Collette beamed at her husband. "Come and taste me, honey."

Lara approached Collette's open slit, aware of an odour which was lighter and sweeter than she had expected. She kissed a horseshoe around her labia, only dimly aware of Roger introducing a third and fourth lubed finger to her bottom. Lara slid her tongue between her lover's inner and outer lips, pretending her cunt was her own. Collette watched her husband lubing his cock, and smiled at him lovingly, making love to him by Lara's proxy. He met her smile with his own, leaning over Lara's figure to kiss her passionately. "I love you" he whispered to his wife, sliding into Lara's arse.

Lara gasped with pleasure as his fat head popped into her arse. Roger had enough experience to know that he needed to wait for her to adjust to him. "Just relax as much as you can. Touch your clit for me" he told her. He felt the ring of muscle loosen a little, and slid in a bit more. "Oh yes..." he moaned, as his whole cock was swallowed by Lara's tight arse. "Ooooh" moaned Lara, twisting from Collette to kiss the man who was deflowering her bum. "Let's kiss her together" whispered Roger, tasting his wife's flowing cunt, while she pulled on her nipples. While Roger pampered her clit, Lara tasted a woman's arse for the first time.

The twin assault of Roger and Lara's tongues on Collette's clit and arse pushed her over the edge first. Her orgasm was almost silent, but so strong Lara felt her squeeze around her tongue. Spent, Collette slid under her husband and his lover's heaving bodies, desiring to see her husband's cock in a strange arse up close. She licked her husband's cock as it slid in and out, her tongue flickering up to his balls and perineum while she rubbed Lara's clit in circles. Lara was the first of the pair to come, her cunt squirting and her mouth gasping at her first anal orgasm. The reverberations nearly ended Roger, but he had one more fantasy to fulfill.

"Collette, bring the mirror over". She complied, her nipples tingling anew as she remembered her husband mentioning this fantasy during their own love play. Roger pulled out of Lara, then repositioned her in the reverse cowgirl position, while Collette leaned the mirror against the wall at the end of the bed, so they could all see Roger giving Lara a deep arse fucking.

"See my cock in your arse?" grunted Roger, his hands on her nipples and clit again, mercilessly. "See how wet your cunt is and the wanton expression on your face? You love this more than anything you've ever had". Roger felt his orgasm building up in his balls, and roared as his cum welled up and shot into Lara's arse. He pulled out, and she rolled off onto her front on the bed. Her parted legs allowed Roger and Collette to see his cum dripping from her, her nether virginity waving its final white flag. Roger took his wife's hand and kissed her, whispering "I love you." They both watched as their lover squirmed over, bringing herself to her second orgasm in front of them. The couple put their arms around her, kissing each other again before they all drifted off to sleep.