 This incident took place almost twenty years ago, and was the first of my sexual adventures

I don't know what woke me up. Some noise, probably. I knew right away, though, that something wasn't quite right. Leslie, my girlfriend, hadn't come to bed yet, and I could tell it was late. There was music playing downstairs, but I couldn't hear any voices.

Very quickly I remembered that we – Leslie and I, and our housemate Daphne and friend Mindy – had spent the evening painting the kitchen cabinets and that, when my friend, and Mindy's boyfriend, Rick had turned up after work, we'd decided to call it a night. Everybody decided to go out for some food, but I stayed home and went to bed, since I had to get up in the morning and go to work. (I worked in a machine shop at the time, and a half day on Saturday was required.) 

Anyway, they should have been back by now, and what was up with the music? 

A bit groggily, I grabbed my robe and wrapped it around my naked body and moved toward the stairs. Our bedroom was the entire upper floor of the house – what would have been the attic if it were unfinished. The stairs led down to the center of the house, into the short hallway that connected the other two bedrooms, the bathroom, the kitchen and the living room. Peering down the stairs and listening I could now make out some muffled sounds and the distinctive, occasional squeak of Daphne's bed, over the music. My curiosity piqued, my sneakiness kicked into overdrive and I began to creep slowly down the stairs. 

As I got closer to the bottom, I could make the muffled sounds out clearer. (The walls in that house were never too thick.) There was giggling and what sounded like a low moan among the sound of shifting weight on that noisy bed in Daphne's room. I got to the bottom of the stairs and wasn't surprised to see Daphne's door closed. I could now tell, from the muted voices, that at least Leslie and Daphne were in there together. My heart started to pound. 

Recently, Leslie had reported that she and Daphne had been talking when the fact that my biggest fantasy was to have a threesome with two girls had come up. Daphne had laughed and said that it was Rick's favorite fantasy too. Despite the fact that Rick and Mindy were a couple, everybody except Mindy knew that Rick and Daphne were occasionally intimate. It didn't take long for them to get to the idea of getting together and making each of our fantasies come true. Daphne thought they should do me first, since Leslie and I were a couple, but Leslie had said no, they should do Rick first. She explained that I would want to hear all the details and that it would make me even more excited about the situation. Whatever else I can say about Leslie after all this time, I have to admit she really knew how I ticked sexually.

Of course, knowing that they had gone off with Rick and Mindy, and now hearing them together in Daphne's bedroom, I put two and two together and came up with something close to four. Curiosity gave way to sheer, rushing voyeurism and I strained to hear. It occurred to me that I might be able to hear better if I crept into the living room and turned that music down a bit.

I admit I'm a bit proud to remember how stealthily I managed to move around that old house. I crossed the living room, where there was only one lamp on, and, holding my breath, I eased the volume down very slowly on the stereo. It helped that I waited until a song was fading out anyway. I waited to hear if I had spoiled anything, but more of the creaking bedsprings and the sound of the two women talking, followed by Rick's murmured response convinced me they hadn't noticed the music dipping off a bit.

Feeling a bit more secure, I turned to get a better look at the situation in the living room. The second and third things I noticed were the almost empty bottle of wine at the edge of the coffee table and Rick's clothes discarded at random over near the piano. The first thing I noticed, though, was Mindy lying stretched out on the couch. She was wearing a loose t-shirt and jeans. She was a pretty brunette with short, tousled hair and a spray of freckles across her cheeks and nose. She had long legs and an ass I had often dreamt of squeezing. Still listening intently to the all-too-infrequent sounds from the other room, I found myself inching closer to Mindy on the couch. I looked down at her pretty face and suddenly realized she was looking back up at me.

I opened my mouth, though now I have no idea what I might have said. She stopped me from saying anything though by raising a finger to her lips. Then I saw her eyes move down a bit. I had completely forgotten that I was wearing only a fairly light robe and was now sporting a raging hard on. I smiled as I saw her eyeing the way my robe jutted out in the front, then I noticed that her right hand was pressed down between her legs, putting pressure on herself through the crotch of her jeans. Like me, she was turned on by the sounds coming from the other room.

Overcoming the palpable fear of not wanting to do anything to screw up this moment, I decided to show a bit of initiative. I reached into my robe and began to stroke my hard cock, letting the robe fall open so Mindy could see. I heard her suck in her breath, and watched her look back up at me and smile. Her left hand moved up to cup her breast in her hand as I slowly moved my hand up and down the shaft of my cock. I watched, transfixed as she squeezed her tit through her t-shirt. Then she twisted carefully on the couch to unfasten her jeans, so she could get her right hand down into them. I couldn't believe I was standing over this sexy, beautiful girl stroking my cock while she was playing with herself and we were listening to the others messing around in the other room.

I was trying to think of my next move, when Mindy took her left hand away from her breast and ran her fingertips up my thigh. I felt her hand gently touch mine and then caress the head of my cock. I watched the expression of pure lust and arousal on Mindy's face while feeling her explore the head of my cock and then my balls with her cool fingertips. Her hand closed over mine as I slowly stroked myself. Very slowly I took my hand away and let her continue to milk it. 

There was some moving around on the bed in the other room, and Mindy and I froze, holding our breath. I didn't bother to think that nobody could get mad at us if we were caught, I just didn't want anything to ruin this incredible moment. Nobody came out, though, and soon there were more moans, Daphne this time. It was clear things were heating up in there. I looked back down at Mindy, who had closed her eyes. I saw the muscles flexing in her forearm as she worked her fingers in and out of herself. Then, when I looked back up to her face, she smiled up at me. She pulled my cock downward, and I bent my knees to help lower myself until it was standing out eagerly just in front of her face.

I watched as Mindy kissed the head of my cock, then lick it. Her small fist was wrapped around the shaft. I reached down and cupped her right breast in my hand, feeling her nipple rising in respond to my touch. I could tell she was frantically working her fingers in her pants. I could hear the creaking in the other room becoming a slow steady rhythm, and both women could now be heard making sounds of pleasure. I closed my eyes and tried to visualize what was going on, but just then Mindy took the head of my cock into her mouth.

I looked down to see this sexy, until now unattainable, girl sucking my cock eagerly. As the rhythmic creaking in the other room grew faster, and the muffled sounds of the other women's moans grew slowly louder, Mindy lost any pretense at being quiet. She was bringing herself close to orgasm with her fingers and couldn't keep herself from moaning around the thick mouthful of my penis. Daphne was really getting into it in the other room, her loud, enthusiastic groans of pleasure could be heard clearly, as Mindy shuddered all along her body. She held still, with my cock in her mouth and her fist tight around my shaft as she clenched with her orgasm. 

Mindy slowly relaxed and then let my cock slip out of her mouth. She looked up at me with an unmistakable look of desire in her eyes. I couldn't resist. I bent down and kissed her. I had often imagined kissing Mindy, and yet somehow I had never thought she would reciprocate so hungrily. She sucked my tongue into her mouth as our lips pressed and tore at each other.

The creaking in the bedroom was even louder and faster now, and the way I saw it I had two options... I could strip Mindy naked and take her right there and then, or I could strip Mindy naked and get down between those long, smooth thighs of hers and lick her to at least one more orgasm, and then take her. She was stroking my cock again, and I was reaching down to feel her smooth, wet pussy, when I had a brilliant idea...

But before I get to what happened next, I should explain what happened first. How did Leslie, Rick and Daphne come to be creaking and moaning in the middle of the night? I assembled the following part of our story by talking with all three of the main characters. (But only the conversation with Leslie ended up with wild sex on the basement floor surrounded by paint cans.)

Upon returning from the restaurant, Rick produced a bottle of wine. After only one glass, Mindy stretched out on the couch and fell asleep. Rick, Leslie and Daphne sat on the floor talking and slowly drinking the wine. Eventually, Leslie picked up Rick's discarded necktie and started idly playing with it. Rick had stretched out on his belly with his head toward the piano. Pretending to be asleep, Rick offered no resistance when Leslie playfully tied his wrists around the leg of the piano bench. Seeing how far they could push the situation, the girls managed to undue Rick's pants and pull them and his underwear down and off.

With Rick tied face-down and bare-ass in the middle of the living room, Leslie and Daphne proceeded to the next logical step. They lay down on either side of him and dribbled wine on his butt and licked it up, provoking, at last, squirming from Rick, who was now struggling against a growing hard on. Leslie pointed out that this was fun, and Daphne told her that Rick's other side was even more fun. When Leslie said that she was looking to have the most fun she could get her hands on, Daphne suggested moving the group into her room, where she had a set of wrist restraints all set.

After getting Rick's promise to not try to get loose (as if there was some reason he might want to escape from these women who had already half stripped him and licked wine off his ass!), they got him untied, stripped his shirt off, and then retied with his hands behind his back. Moving into the hallway, Daphne made Leslie and Rick wait while she did a bit of straightening up. Leslie took the opportunity to make out with Rick and tease his straining prick with some mischievous stroking. 

As soon as Daphne let them in, they got Rick stretched out on his back on the bed, his hands secured over his head. The women lost no time in stripping themselves out of their clothes and joining Rick on the bed, one on either side. Leslie was a curvy woman with ample tits and auburn hair, while Daphne was a tiny slip of a girl, with a cute little ass and shorter curly brown hair. They each took turns kissing Rick while they both stroked his body and fondled his swollen cock. They quickly moved down though so their heads were down by that hard penis. Daphne started off by licking and kissing it all over. Leslie watched, but didn't want to just sit idle, so she reached across and ran her hand up along the inside of Daphne's thigh. It wasn't long before she was slipping two of her fingers up inside Daphne's pussy. Daphne was soon wiggling her pelvis against Leslie's hand while stroking and licking Rick's cock. Craning his neck to watch, Rick saw Leslie lean across and kiss her way up her side of his prick until the two girls met at the head and paused to kiss each other in a long slow, wet French. When Leslie broke the kiss to slip his cock deep into his mouth Rick dropped his head back and let out a low moan. 

While Leslie proceeded to treat Rick to her newly acquired specialty – a nice, slow deep throat she perfected on yours truly – Daphne lay back and let Leslie's fingers stroke the inside of her pussy and tease her clit. After minutes of this, during which time I was crossing the living room and noticing Mindy, Leslie decided she wanted to have Rick's hard shaft sliding in and out of another warm wet orifice. Pulling her fingers out of Daphne, Leslie got up over Rick and took the head of his cock and pushed it into her waiting pussy. Once he was fully into her, she grinned at Daphne and said, "You're right, this is fun!" She slowly started to ride him, sliding up and down on his cock while grinding her clit against his torso with each downward thrust.

After watching this display for a few moments, Daphne got up and headed for the door. At different times she has said that she was going to go up stairs and slip into bed with me, and that she was going to slip out for a minute to straighten up the living room a bit. Given that she was stark naked at that moment, I tend to think it was the first option. Whatever she was planning though, she didn't make it to the door. Rick had somehow managed to wriggle out of his wrist restraints and caught Daphne by the arm as she tried to pass.

He pulled her back on to the bed, and Daphne happily obliged him by straddling his head, lowering her wet and horny pussy and clit to his mouth. Soon the bed was creaking as Leslie held on to Daphne's shoulders as she rode up and down on Rick's cock, and Daphne was moaning as Rick sucked and licked at her clit. While Mindy was sucking on my cock and bringing herself to orgasm in the living room, Daphne was bracing herself against the wall over the head of the bed as she came in waves on Rick's tongue. Only moments later, Leslie's work was rewarded by a geyser of hot cum from Rick's cock. She smiled happily, milking the jizz out of him with her pussy's talented muscles. She was still horny and eager for more.

Meanwhile, back in the living room...

It was hard to concentrate on quickly getting undressed while I was busy taking in every inch of Mindy's long, slim body as she stripped. When we were done we looked at each other, from head to toe and then in the eye. An edge of nervous excitement had mixed in with our frantic lust. Still, she took a step closer to me, gently grabbed my cock and looked up into my eyes.

"What if...?" she whispered.

"Oh, I promise you, I'm going to fuck you before the night is over, one way or the other," I smiled. Although I was again worried that I was going to do something to screw things up, I really had little serious doubt that my little plan wouldn't work perfectly.

Taking Mindy's hand, I drew her along after me as we stepped lightly into the hallway and to Daphne's door. I rapped lightly on the door, but didn't wait to reach down and turn the knob. As soon as I could get my head through, I stuck it into the room and said, "Is this a private party, or can anyone join in?"

I first noticed Leslie sitting on top of Rick's cock playing with her tits. She had a contented smile on her face. In her euphoric, lustful state she didn't seem to mind the sudden turn of events. Daphne on the other hand, still kneeling over Rick's face, and reeling from an intense orgasm, managed to look shocked and embarrassed and wanton all at once. 

To keep things moving – I didn't want anyone to get a moment to think before Mindy and I were firmly in the mix – I stepped right into the room, towing naked Mindy right behind. To make it very clear that we were here to play, and that everything was cool as far as I was concerned, I let go of Mindy's hand and stepped right over to Leslie. I leaned over and gave her a long, passionate kiss, simultaneously cupping one of her tits in my hand and giving her nipple a pinch.

Daphne managed to swing out of the way as Mindy followed my lead by going over to Rick, leaning down and kissing him. She proceeded to lick Daphne's juice off his lips and chin. As I broke my kiss with Leslie, Daphne came around the end of the bed and threw her arms up around my neck, pressing her naked body against me and my raging hard on. She pulled me down and kissed me hard as I let go of Leslie's tit to squeeze Daphne's tight little ass in my hands. 

While Daphne and I stood there grinding ourselves together and my tongue was fucking her eager mouth, Mindy took Daphne's place over Rick's mouth, but facing Leslie, who was still grinding on his pelvis. Mindy grinned at my girlfriend as she wiggled herself on Rick's face. She cupped both her tits in her hands and pulled on her nipples before leaning forward to catch Leslie's face in her hands. Soon the two women were kissing, tentatively at first but then eagerly, hungrily. 

When Daphne broke our kiss and said, "I need to be fucked, Larry," I was only too happy to let her pull me down to the end of the bed, where she lay down and spread her legs. I glanced over to see Leslie with her head thrown back and Mindy leaning down sucking on her nipples. Then I looked back to see Daphne looking up at me wantonly, one hand pulling and twisting on a nipple and the other between her legs. She had three fingers pushing in and out of her pussy and the heel of her hand grinding against her clit. She smiled at me and said, "Fuck me, Larry."

Taking my cock in my fist I got down between her legs and rubbed the head of it over her very wet pussy lips and teased her clit with it. She took her slippery, wet fingers and pressed them up against my lips. I licked them and then sucked them into my mouth, savoring her sweet, slightly salty flavor. I pushed the head of my cock into her pussy, intending to tease her, but she wrapped her legs around my waist and pulled. My cock slid into her smooth, hot pussy. I stayed there, enjoying the sensation of being held tightly inside her and slowly rocking my abdomen against her clit. Leaning forward over her, I watched the expression on her face as I slowly started to fuck the thick shaft of my cock in and out of her.

With each forward thrust she was pull me in tighter. She had reached down and was squeezing my ass in her hands. I was slapping up against her clit, and she had closed her eyes. She didn't see Leslie get off of Rick and crawl over and kiss Daphne's right tit. I slowed my pace a bit and watched Daphne reach up and clasp Leslie's head to her breast. I slid all the way in then slowly drew back, almost all the way out, while Leslie moved up to kiss Daphne. As if this wasn't enough of a turn on, Leslie then proceeded to kneel over Daphne's face. Rick's thick cum slowly ran out of Leslie's pussy and right into Daphne's mouth. Daphne held out her tongue to catch as much as she could before Leslie lowered herself down. Holding Leslie in place on her mouth with her hands on Leslie's butt, Daphne proceeded to suck and lick the cum out of Leslie's pussy. 

On our left, Mindy and Rick were deep into a 69. She was quickly making his cock fully hard, and I could tell he was going to bring her to her second orgasm of the night.

Looking back down at Leslie's ass flexing as Daphne tongued fucked her pussy, and rubbed her nose against her clit, I knew I wasn't going to be able to hold out much longer. I began to fuck Daphne in earnest. I drove in and out of her with abandon, losing myself in the sensation of her soft, hot, wet pussy wrapped around my engorged cock.

The chain reaction started out with Mindy, who began to moan around Rick's cock. As her pleasure increased, her enthusiastic, non-verbal exclamations got louder. She was slipping into a long, intense orgasm. Her performance and Daphne's talented tongue finally pushed Leslie over the edge, and she threw her head back and clenched every muscle in her body as she came and came again, grinding down on Daphne's mouth and face. All of this, plus the pounding I was giving her clit and pussy, was too much for Daphne, who began to shake and wrapped her legs tight around me. Her muffled moans of pleasure and the spasming muscles of her pussy were all I needed and I began to come. I shuddered all over as my cock shot what felt like torrents of cum into Daphne. It seemed I wouldn't stop. Trembling all over, I looked down to see Daphne grinning up at me with an impish face covered with Leslie's pussy juice and Rick's jizz. Then Leslie moved in again to kiss and lick her new lover's face clean.
