 Elijah had never tasted another guy's cum before. He'd tasted his own of course (All guys have, if they tell you they haven't then they're lying through their insecure teeth). But this was definitely something new. 

After his scissors were bashed apart by Noah's rocky fist, he immediately had to drop to his knees and crawl up in between Jenny's sexy legs. He put his hands under her ass and thighs and got comfy between them and then he slowly teased the skin all around her pussy with small kisses and flicks of his tongue. 

She was squirming like crazy with anticipation, her pussy hot and wetter with need every time his tongue traced a small circle around her delicate lips. 

Finally, after building her up until she felt like she might cum just from the tease, he took his tongue and firmly licked her from the bottom of her pussy right up to the top of her clitoris. 

She moaned as her body convulsed in pleasure. Now he was slowly pushing his tongue into her pussy. He thought she tasted like vanilla cream soda. Or maybe it was the drugs. But she did. He'd never tasted pussy so good in his life and his brain was bubbling over with a crazy sexual high that felt like being on the inside of a Champagne flute surrounded by beautifully-naked people. Every tiny spot on their bodies was tingling as he ate his best friend's pussy with a desperately voracious need he'd never had before. She wasn't just the cute girl next door anymore, she was a smoldering sex kitten that needed to be tamed and dominated and licked longer and fucked harder than she ever had been before. 

She was so smooth and the folds of her pussy were the softest things his lips could ever remember touching. But it wasn't just her sweet nectar he was tasting-he licked salty-sweet globs of cum that oozed out of her freshly fucked hole as she squeezed them out for him to lap up. She pushed Noah's cum out so that Elijah could lick it all up like the dirty little boy she was quickly turning him into. The crazy kinkiness of the moment only made the entire thing that much hotter for Elijah. And she could see how much he got off on doing something so out of his range. It was like he was leaving the church of sexual normalcy and entering into Jenny's ever-kinkier world of mandatory indulgence. 

"Yeah baby, eat your best friend's cum out of my pussy you dirty boy," Jenny moaned as she looked seductively over at Noah who was sitting on the windowsill and jacking off as he watched them play. This encouragement she gave him to eat his friend's cum only spurred on Elijah even more. When he was finally done he looked up into her craven eyes and immediately climbed up in between her legs as she spread herself wide for him. 

"FINALLY someone is going to fuck me!" She said as she felt all eight inches of his cock enter her with one stupidly sexy thrust. 

"Oh my godddddd that's fucking good," She moaned as he started to fuck her. 

Noah finally couldn't resist anymore and he climbed up on to the bed next to Jenny's face where he started rubbing his seven inches against her cheek and lips. Jenny smiled as she turned her head to open her mouth take him in.

"Oh my God Jenny your pussy is so fucking wet right now...take my big cock Jenny, take that big cock up your hot little pussy baby!" Elijah grunted as he sucked on her breasts and pinched her nipples between his fingers. He was quickly learning that she liked it rough, and so apparently, did he. 

She moaned wildly on Noah's cock while Elijah continued to fuck her, bobbing on him as she tried to maintain a rhythm on them both. The ecstasy felt like intimate sunshine kissing every inch of her skin as she started to peak on her second pill. It felt like an out-of-body experience. Here she could transform into the biggest slut that she'd ever wanted to be, and feeling totally open, she could bounce on Elijah's cock while choking on Noah's at the same time and feel like she was finally where she needed to be as a sexual creature. This kind of sluttiness is exactly what she had been craving over her last busy semester—this type of 'Yes to Fun' and 'fuck-all-the-doubts' type of night. 

There was nothing too dirty for her in this moment. The drugs made her feel this wave of tawdry energy that allowed her to access the kinkiest corners of her fantasy box, and so here she was, doing her best two make her two best friends cum harder than they'd ever cum. She'd never been so excited and sexually determined before. 

Elijah grabbed her legs and put them up on his shoulders as he bent her in half. Her legs were up by here ears as he pounded into her and rammed her harder and harder and harder. His lower body still had that football player frame, and to watch him fuck her like this as he rolled his hips into her over and over again was a primal sort of art form. She was being absolutely USED by Elijah's cock and she screamed in delight as each new thrust made her mind want to dissolve into stardust. 

She had to stop sucking Noah's cock with this new angle so she could moan out loud, the tingly full-body assault was just too much and the moans started to feel like they were choking her to get out. 

As he fucked her like this, she pulled Elijah's head down to kiss him and feed him those very same moans until they were basically sharing them together. And while they're tongues were exploring each other's mouths, she pulled Noah's rock-hard cock in from the side where it slowly slid between their lips. 

This too, was something new. 

Noah's cock was musky, but still sexy-a smell that Elijah recognized from his own cock when he had a long jack-off session on a hot day. He liked it—the smell of a good cock. 

They sucked his cock from bottom to top, sometimes closing their mouths and attempting to get to each other's tongues around his length. 

Elijah and Jenny made a hole with their lips as their tongues massaged the sides of his shaft. Noah slid his cock back and forth through the hole-his head thrown back in pleasure as he felt their tongues licking him with a delirious fervor. He'd never had two tongues on his cock before, much like Elijah had never had a cock in his mouth before. Elijah had also never had a cock cum down his throat...

But that all changed when Jenny orgasmed a moment later. 

"FUCCCKING FUCCKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK OH MY GOD I'M GONNA CUM I'M GONNA CUM FUCCKCKKKKKKKKKME DON'T STOP DON'T STOP DON'T STOP FUCKKKK MEEEEEEEEEEEE." As she screamed this and wrapped her legs around Elijah's back to pull him into her she grabbed Noah's cock and Elijah's head and forced it all the way down his throat. Elijah felt Jenny pushing down on his bobbing head as the orgasm spread over her entire body—the sudden surprise of her pussy squeezing his cock while she came, coupled with her forcing him to deepthroat Noah was also too much of a combined turn-on for Elijah and he too felt his cock starting to cum deep inside of the girl he had grown up with. 

"MMMMMMMmmmmmmmm unnnfffggggggg MMMMMMmmmmmmmm!" he moaned as his cock exploded inside of her. 

And as with all greatest domino affects of the world, Noah suddenly found that he TOO was unable to control himself. Whether it was the sight of Jenny being pounded while Elijah deep-throated his cock; or whether it was the vibrations that his mouth made along his shaft as he loudly moaned while he was cumming; or even, whether it was the two fingers that Jenny had slowly slid up his inner thigh and into his asshole only seconds earlier as she curved them towards his prostate, he could never be sure. 

All he knew was that, as Elijah emptied the last of his cum into Jenny below them, he wasn't going to be able to hold back much longer. 

"Elijah, I'm gonna cum! I'm gonncum! Fuck, you're gonna swallow my cum if you don take my co...fuuuuuFUUUUCK ...FUUUCKKKKKK UGHHHH I'M CUMMMMING." Elijah had no plans to stop now. He was too turned on by how good he apparently was at sucking cock. Noah's second orgasm of the night filled Elijah's hungry mouth, and much to his credit in the moment, Elijah didn't balk. When the cum rushed into his mouth, he sucked even harder, wanting so badly to give his friend the most amazing blowjob he could. He loved the entire idea of it. His head spun topsy-turvy figure-eight's just thinking of the fact that he had a large cock in his mouth and that that cock was depositing another man's cum deep into his belly. He loved the naughtiness of it all-the idea of eating his friend's cum while Jenny forced his head down. He just loved it. He loved them. He loved the entire honest depravity of this shared experience-this ridiculously safe space they had created to be wicked. And so he happily ate his best friend's cum for the second time that night as he buzzed on all of the different highs. 

When Noah was finally done cumming and when Elijah was absolutely certain that he had milked the last droplets of his buddy's creamy spunk from the end of his dick, he let it pop out of his mouth with a satisfied SMACK! As if he had just finished a vigorous opening salvo against a particularly addicting Lollipop. 

They all laid back there for a minute catching syncopated breaths as Elijah's softening cock slipped from Jenny's pussy with his cream spilling out of her. 

"Oh my God," Noah said. 

"Oh my God," Elijah said. 

"Yeah, that-what you guys said," Jenny purred as she marveled at the fact that Elijah had just gotten Noah to cum in his mouth. 

"Ya know," she mused, rolling over on her belly and lifting her head up on her hands as she cutely kicked her feet behind her, "I know a lot of girlfriends who have shared stories of the very first blowjobs they ever gave, and very few of them end with a successful porno-worthy cumshot like that one," Jenny leaned over to where Elijah was laying down and kissed him sweetly on the lips where she could taste and smell Noah's cum. 

"Was that good for you man?" Elijah said to Noah as he reached over and grabbed a bottle of water from a nearby chair. 

"Fuck. That was so fucking good. You may have just entered into my top five all-time blowjobs list." Noah said, half laughing. 

"ONLY TOP 5?!" Jenny shrieked "RUDE!" As she jabbed Noah's side. 

"No but seriously...that was fucking amazing. And you swallowed all of my cum like a champ." Noah said, impressed at Elijah's dedication in the moment. 

"Yeah, that's how you know he was loving it, cuz he swallowed all of it like he was desperate for it," Jenny teased, realizing again just how hot the entire thing was. 

"Yeah, drugs really are fucking incredible guys." They all died as he said this and fell back against the bed. Jenny was in between each guy as they laid there and ran their hands over each other's bodies in a moment of sensual respite. 

"Look," Jenny said as she ran her hands down to their chests and lightly over their sensitive cocks. "It's 2:00 right now...I say we take one last pill and keep the party going for the rest of the night to see who wins our little game." She hopped up from the bed and grabbed three more pills from her compact. 

"Yeah, I guess technically we're all tied up at two orgasm's apiece now, aren't we?" Noah surmised, thinking of the three they had just shared practically together as one. Jenny handed each of the boys their final pill and once again they downed their Molly and made sour faces at the off-putting taste. 

"You guys wanna take a shower?" Noah asked suddenly as they got up and headed for the bathroom. 

"Yes!" Both Jenny and Elijah said in unison as they followed him into the bathroom. Jenny dimmed the lights to a low setting and Noah switched the Pandora station over to something a little slower and more relaxed. 

Jenny got in first and turned on the dual showerheads as she allowed the spray to run over her body. The guys just stood outside the shower and watched her lather up her naked parts for them. She really was a fucking rock star. "I Can't Help It" by John Legend started playing and she realized they were both getting hard again from watching her. Once again she realized she was the star of the show and she was never one to disappoint. Jenny poured more body wash over herself as the low light danced off the splashing water and fell possessively over her curves as they corkscrewed into the drain below. She finally stopped and tossed her hair playfully as she scrunched her nose at them both. 

"Would you both get in here?! I'm rolling right now and I need to be touched all over by some strong hands." She play-whined as they both stepped in with her. 

Noah grabbed the body wash and poured it onto everyone's hands—far more than was necessary, then they took turns rubbing every naked part of each other that they could get to. Every touch felt wonderful, almost spiritual. 

"Fuck!" Jenny said suddenly, as she was covered in soapy suds. "I really need to pee! I should've gone before I got in here," she started to get out when Noah stopped her. 

"No, wait, don't get out," he said as he put his arms around her slim waist, "pee right here in front of us, I wanna see you do it." 

Noah wasn't into waterplay-he had never once even considered it...but there was something about the further taboo of everything they did that night that caused him to be turned on by the idea. 

"Wait are you serious?" She said, "Cuz I really gotta pee and if you want me to I'll pee right here cuz I can't hold it much longer guys!" 

"Damn, this is hot, I'm not exactly sure why but but this is really hot. Yeah Jenny, just pee for us." Elijah said as he kissed her neck. 

Both boys pressed against her and held her close in the shower from both sides. The spray of the water fell on them from all around as they were silent for a moment in that embrace. 

"You're sure?" Jenny said again, sounding nervous. 

"Yeah," Noah said as he and Elijah wrapped their arms around her waste and stepped even closer. She closed her eyes and spread her legs a little and after a couple of seconds she moaned as she was finally able to pee. She had never peed standing up while being held closely by two people. It was so intimate she lost control of her legs a little as she did it but the boys held her firmly against them to steady her week knees. 

The Urine trickled down her legs falling onto the shower floor with some splashing onto Noah and Elijah's legs and feet. They could feel the warm spray as she shuddered against both of their chests. 

She shuddered again as Noah ran his hand down and massaged her pussy even as she was still finishing peeing. 

It should've been gross, but the water washed them so instantly that it was strangely erotic, like being invited behind constantly deeper layers of Jenny's most-erotic psyche. 

She brought her hands down and felt both boys' hard-ons as she slipped to her knees and grabbed the body wash. She squeezed more out into her hands and washed all of their legs of whatever urine might've been left over, though she was pretty certain she was peeing pure water by that point. 

"Fuck...I have no idea why that was sexy but that was so fucking sexy," Elijah said as his brain attempted to expand to fit the ever-changing narrative of the night. 

"Yeah but now I totally gotta pee...must be related to the yawn affect." Noah said as Jenny cleaned the boys legs. 

"Yeah man, me too," Elijah said as he steadied his hand on his friends shoulder while Jenny's hands brushed past their cocks. 

"You know guys, they say you should pee a lot while you're rolling. We've been really good about drinking water all night long so you should probably both just pee too while we're in here," 

"Fuck, she's right," Noah said, "where do you want us to pee?" 

She stood up and grabbed each of their cocks and pulled the boys close to her again. 

"Just pee guys, I want you too," she said. Noah was behind her with his cock pressed up against her ass and Elijah was in front of her with his cock pressed into her stomach. 

"Look, I know how weird this is but I think we all want this right now. Pee on me, boys," she said in a begging sort of whimper. "Pee on me and let me feel it on me." 

Noah closed his eyes as he tried to focus. Elijah put his face in Jenny's neck and slowly but surely, his stream started to slowly trickle out onto her stomach. At the same time she felt Noah's warm urine finally start to slowly spill out into her ass crack. . 

Jenny moaned loudly when she felt the boys peeing on her from both sides. She held their cocks up against her and they made tiny little yelps as their piss slowly ran down over her stomach and ass. 

As Elijah's long-held stream got a little more powerful it splashed up and covered Jenny's breasts before falling back down her body. 

She was completely overcome with lust and what she did next surprised even her own nasty brain. As the boys were peeing Jenny slipped down to her knees as she turned and the pee hit her in the breasts and chest and finally in her face. As they peed on her the warm liquid made her nipples hard and she used it massage her boobs with. 

"Yesssssssss boysssssssss ughhhhhhh." She moaned as she opened her mouth and they both finished on her face. The pee didn't really taste like anything. The last seven hours had been nothing but water and dancing and sex, but the naughtiness of it had Jenny tingling all over. What had comer over her? She was a junkie for the moment. 

Once again she stood up and once again they poured body wash all over each other as they washed her and themselves completely clean. The boys took soap and shampoo and cleaned Jenny's hair and face with their hands as they massaged her head and neck. She purred like a housecat high off of super-powerful catnip. Her boys were taking such amazing care of her. 

"Sooooo...that's something that never ever leaves this shower, agreed?" Jenny said this, even as their expanded horizons escaped down the drain below them. Both boys nodded and sort of smiled at what they had just done as the soap washed out of their hair and faces and down their bodies. 

"Man, this whole night feels like what porn should be, but isn't," Elijah said as they all leaned into each other and continued their attempts to stay as close as possible by touching each other everywhere. 

"Ugh, so true, ya know what I hate about porn? My biggest pet peeve, honestly?" Noah started. 

"The fake looking girls and the shitty ass valley tan-jobs?" Jenny asked, curious.

"Well, yes, definitely that...but I hate that they never say each other's names...it's like, I get it, you're not Julliard-trained actors, but they could at least give them names. I wanna hear them moaning based on a motivation to fuck the actual idea of someone's identity. That's the biggest mistake that porn makes, assuming that I don't want to care about these people whose stories I'm cumming along with. Just because it's porn doesn't mean it has to be so impersonal. Often times the reason that they're fucking is far sexier than the fact that they're actually fucking." Noah looked over at his friends as he finished this lofty thought. They were both smiling at him in an appreciative sort of way. It was easy to forget how suddenly poignant and beautiful Noah could sometimes be. His salutatorian speech at their high school graduation some years earlier had told the story of the Little Engine Who Couldn't—an entire fable that concluded with an unexpected ending—with the twist coming in the form of the idea that, we don't need other people's success stories or slayed giants to get ourselves there. If they found success they'd probably end up passing more stories of failure along the way...something about getting too caught up in the idea of the heroics of others. He was always so impressive to talk to, even apparently after he had just peed on you. 

And these friends lived like that, each in their own way. They had all found a spark inside themselves that was leading to even brighter areas of existence, and they had each other now, probably in a much newer way than they ever had each other before. 
