 The ad read: "Las Vegas. May 12. 6pm -midnight. 35-year old MILF will be waiting for her first gang-bang in a hotel on the strip. $100 per person, no limits. Call 1-800-555-BANG to leave your credit card number. Upon confirmation, you will receive the name of the motel and room number. This is one risk worth taking--you won't be disappointed. A few rules apply: 1) no BDSM, 2) condoms required (except for oral), bring your own, and 3) be very clean or prepared to take a shower before joining the fun.

Six men between the ages of 25 and 55 answered the ad. It was a multi-cultural crew: several races were represented: Black, Caucasian, Latino and Indian. After phoning in and confirming the credit card numbers, Jules e-mailed every candidate the address of the Mandalay Bay Hotel and Casino, and gave them the suite number for her event. She was very excited to think that her wildest fantasy would really become a reality.

The morning of the 12th dawned clear and sunny. Jules had very special preparations to make. She'd already paid a visit to her beauty salon and had her legs, armpits and bikini area waxed. She left a small, thin strip of closely cropped hair on her pubic mound, because to go totally bare made her feel like a child, and she wanted to know she was a full-grown, sexually mature woman. Right after the major traffic hour of Los Angeles was past, she climbed into her Toyota Camry and started her freeway journey toward Las Vegas.

Jules arrived on the strip around 11 am and stopped for a fresh chicken and spinach salad at a clean-looking diner. Afterwards she found a distant parking place at the hotel she had chosen so carefully. The mid-week special was impossible to resist: a Jacuzzi suite with Satellite TV, DVD and DSL Internet connections, two bathrooms and a kitchenette/bar for only $189. 

She had packed her web cam so she could broadcast the events of the evening and further cushion her retirement account. Lucky she was well versed in computers and Internet media. Once she had checked in and brought her two small valises up to the tenth floor, she sat on the comfortable bed and looked around. One entire wall was a mirror--that was a big bonus. The suite opened onto a large private balcony with a view of the strip. The two bathrooms were beautiful, and in the middle of one was a large Jacuzzi tub, empty and sparkling clean.

The first thing she did was run a very hot tub full of soapy water, and figure out where the jets were and how they worked. Then she made a few adjustments to the room: loaded the DVD player with a good group-sex porno with the volume turned all the way down, switched out two bulbs for black lights, and taped over the switches that were still regular bulbs, and laid a stack of towels on the floor near the extra large king sized bed in the middle of the room, along with a big tube of K-Y. 

She found a few props and toys that she had brought and she plugged in the electric ones and laid them within easy reach of the bed. Then she turned on the stereo system and found the instrumental CD with the hard-driving beat that she enjoyed so much during her cycling sessions. This she turned on low, but not too low to be audible to her in one of the bathrooms.

Finally she dipped a toe into her hot Jacuzzi bubble bath. Ahhh... it was still very hot, almost too hot to get in. She unscrewed the top of a lavender-and-vanilla scented body-sugar-scrub and scooped a handful out. This she distributed between her two hands and with it, rubbed her body all over. Then she eased herself into the tub, inch by inch, enjoying the heat and the fragrance. 

After she had adapted to the heat, she found the switch that turned on the jets. She let herself be massaged in every major muscle group, relaxing completely, before she found a jet at just the right position so that she could sit comfortably, but still press her vagina against the jet, and feel the strong stream of water play over her lips and clitoris until finally with a gasp and a shudder, she released herself to a magnificent orgasm. 

This was just a tiny preview of what was to come that night, but she needed to release some tension, since the adrenaline and excitement had her completely in a frenzy, internally at least. Now, in the aftermath of masturbation, she felt more relaxed and knew that she could face this evening's adventures with calm and dignity. It would go exactly as she planned. 

After soaking for a few long luxurious minutes more, she stood up in the tub and looked at herself in the reflection of the mirror. Slim, but not model thin, she didn't look twenty anymore. Still, the fuller hips and breasts had an appeal of their own. She felt very womanly, and in the fading afternoon light her silky wet skin had a luminescence that was very sexy, and she felt sure no one else would be disappointed this night, either.

Jules applied her makeup conservatively, tastefully, and painstakingly. She wanted her eyes defined, large and beautiful rimmed with thick dark lashes, and she wanted to accentuate and emphasize her luscious lips and inspire the imagination to what she could do with them, but everything else she played down. 

She brushed out her shoulder length brown hair and then pulled it back into a ponytail, looking more and more like a nice suburban soccer mom. Good. She wanted to look innocent in some ways, comfortable in other ways; and then shock these men with what she could offer them and with the requests she would make of them.

Next, her clothing was carefully chosen. She had a very simple, tight-fitting blue jean mini skirt. It was actually just one rectangle of fabric, hemmed and with a zipper to connect the two short ends of the wrap. This she planned to wear over a short-sleeved, nearly sheer, scoop necked leotard with snap buttons at the crotch, no underwear and no bra. 

First she smoothed slightly scented lotion over her entire body, every inch, so as to feel silky soft and ultra feminine. Jules put on one article of clothing at a time, slowly, sensuously, imagining for the umpteenth time how her many lovers this evening would relish removing the same articles, one by one. 

Over the leotard she donned a button-down white dress shirt, unbuttoned, tied around her waist. She left her feet bare, checked all her props for the last time, and then ordered herself a large Long Island Iced Tea from room service, along with some finger foods, sandwiches and fruit. Part of the hotel package was wine, cheese and crackers, found in the kitchenette. As the final hour approached, she realized there was little left to do but wait.

At promptly six o'clock, there was a knock at her door, and she opened it to find two gentlemen in their late forties or early fifties, friends, it seemed. She welcomed them, and offered them each a drink. "I was thinking," she said, "it might be a good idea to get the condoms out and unwrapped now, leave them conveniently here on the dresser, and grab them as we need them? Okay?" 

They thought it was a great suggestion, so they each unwrapped a couple of Trojans. They watched as she bent low to peer into the fridge, affording them a view of her white leotard underneath her miniskirt. She returned with two glasses of wine. As they drank, she dropped to her knees in front of them, her hand on one man's zippered crotch. The other man wore sweats. She placed her mouth over his bulge and breathed slowly and hotly onto his clothed prick. It took a few minutes for the sensation to hit him, but his reaction once it did was obvious. The bulge in front swelled and lengthened, and she looked up smiling.

"Does anyone need to have a shower before we get started?" she asked.

"I just showered myself," said number one, with a southern accent. 

"Me too, I'm good," said number two.

Jules took a moment to unzip number two and slide his pants down his legs, where he stepped out of them and tossed them onto a chair. She found his cock was still limp, probably due to nerves and tension. Perfect, she thought, I'll let him grow to fullness in my mouth. She engulfed the head of his member with her mouth and began to lave him with her tongue, French kissing his tool and feeling it come to life in her mouth. Before long it wouldn't fit, and she licked up and down the length of his cock while his friend in sweatpants stroked his own cock slowly, watching.

"Darlin', what's your name?" asked number one.

"For tonight you can call me 'Slut,' 'Bitch' and 'Whore,'" she answered, "because that is what I want to be."

She crooked her finger and bad him come closer, and when he did she took the cocks of both men in her two hands and began to hungrily devour them, first one, then the other, and both at the same time, cramming the cock flesh into her mouth. 

They held their cocks still for her to suck and play with and her hands dropped to her breasts, silver dollar nipples showing through her very sheer leotard. She tweaked her nipples and caused them to stiffen, poking the fabric. Then she pulled the scooped neck down a little further and slipped her breasts out over the elastic. 

She paused for a moment to say, "This makes me so hot...I'm soaking wet and oh-so horny...want to feel how wet?"

Number two quickly knelt down beside her, slid her skirt up a little so it was bunched up around her ass and hips and put his hand between her legs. "Whoa! She's not kidding! I've got to have a taste of this little honey pot!"

They moved to the bed, number one kneeling upright in the middle, facing the foot of the bed, Jules on all fours eating his prick, and number two kneeling on the floor beside the foot of the bed, his face even with her cunt. He unsnapped her leotard and buried his face in her snatch, licking along her pussy lips from the front where her clit nestled, all the way up and almost to her anus. He buried his face deeply, licking and eating and stroking her with his tongue and lips and teeth. His nose was nearly in her pucker, but she was so meticulously clean that her scent was still just lavender and vanilla. 

She had never been eaten in this position before, and the way his mouth sucked and stroked at her pussy, she found herself shaking and coming sooner than she'd thought possible. "Hmmmph..." she murmured, mouth filled with hot cock. She slipped number one out of her mouth and lay her chest and face down on the bed, bucking and writhing against the face buried in her pussy. "Aaaaaaaaaaa.......eeeeeyeah!" she exclaimed, as great orgasms shuddered through her again and again. 

"Get a condom on, and fill me up, now, please!" Number two stood up, found and rolled on a condom, and slid the head of his prick into her waiting cunt, but first he teased her, slowly rubbing it up and down her holes, while number one stroked her cheeks with his cock, playfully slapping her with his meat. She promptly gave it her attention again, while trying to buck up against the tool behind her...when there came another knock at the door.

Number one offered to answer, picking up one of the convenient towels nearby and going to the door.

"Hi, come on in, sorry we started without you." Two black men came in and took in the scene...black lights, porn running on DVD, pumping-beat music piped throughout the room, wine bottles and glasses lined up on the bar, and a woman being fucked doggie style on the bed, nearly fully dressed except for her bare cunt being rammed and her tits peeking out of her top.

Number one resumed his place at her head, and she eagerly began again to slobber and suck his cock meat. The others stood stroking themselves, watching either the live action or the DVD, and suddenly he roared "I'm coming!" as he unleashed his cum onto Jules' face and tits. He grabbed his towel from before and cleaned her face and chest, while number two continued to pummel her from behind. 

She grabbed the bedspread with both hands, ground herself down and back and shouted, "Oh, god, here I go again, yeeeessss!"

As she shook with her third series of orgasms that day, number two grunted and said, "Here it is, my sweet little Bitch-whore!" and he came with three mighty throbs. He extricated himself carefully, tossed his condom in the wastebasket, and went on the balcony to have a smoke. It was a balmy May evening, and he stood there, naked as the day he was born, surveying the city lights below. The railing was thick paneled wood, totally obstructing him from any who might accidentally look up to see him on the balcony. All anyone could see was a shirtless man enjoying a smoke.

Inside, Jules rolled over and began to roll her nipples between her fingers again. Her legs were splayed, her skirt riding high on her hips, and the two newcomers were disrobing so they too could have a "stab" at this willing slut.

Number three was a tall black man, and just seeing him made her insides tremble with more excitement. "Lay it on me, brother! I'll be your good little cock-sucking-whore!"

"Now that's what I like to hear!" he said, laying down beside her and taking her in his arms. "You are one hot fuck tonight!" He rolled her on top on him and began deep kissing her expertly, making love to her mouth the way he would later make love to her whole body. She kissed him back, entwining her tongue with his, stroking the insides of his mouth with her able tongue, sucking his tongue into her mouth to show him how she could draw his cock in as well. 

He pulled her into a sitting position straddling his midsection, and said, "Let's get some of these clothes off of you, girlfriend!" He untied her oxford shirt and pulled it off her shoulders and arms. Then he reached around her back and untucked the tails of the leotard that was already undone, pulled it over her head and sent it sailing across the room. "We can leave this miniskirt on if it makes you feel like a little slut...does it?"

"I will take it off or leave it on, whatever you want. I'm just here to be used and fucked by all of you...including two more that due anytime," was her throaty reply as she slid down his legs and devoured his long cock, licking and sucking it the way she had the others' earlier.

As if on cue, there was a knock at the door. The second black man answered the door, and two young men in their twenties walked in. "We're here for the party," said one. 

"We're a little late, but I hope there's more pie to go around..." said the other.

Jules smiled from the bed where she sat straddling black number one's legs and sucking cock. "It's just about to get really, really good!" she said, almost giddy with delight. She stood up and went to the table in the kitchenette. She sat on the edge and leaned back on her elbows. 

"You guys who just came in...come over here, I need your help." And nodding to her black lover, she said, "Get your condom on, 'cause you're about to screw me to this table." He did as he was told, and walked over to where she sat waiting. He grabbed her roughly by the breasts, and pulled her to him for another deep kiss. His hands slid around to the back of her head and he grabbed her ponytail and bent her head back as he held his long cock and aimed it into her pussy lips. 

The two newcomers came and stood on either side of her, and she said, "Hold my legs open side for me...that's the only way I'm going to be able to get that thick pole inside me...there's some K-Y, could I have a squirt, please? And for god's sake, get naked, 'cause I want to suck and fuck you, too, as soon as possible..."

They squeezed a little K-Y on her swollen cunt lips, and the huge black monster at her threshold began to push in, easily, gently, carefully, one inch at a time. Then he'd retreat, and all four of them (Jules, the two young ones and the black man fucking her) could watch her pussy lips turn nearly inside out as they hung on to the cock. All four watched her cunt stretch as she was split in two by the thick black cock meat as he slid in deeper and deeper until he was halfway in, and she was moaning, "God, I'm so full...what a cock, oh, I can feel you on every wall of my pussy, mmmmmmmmmm, deeper, fuck me, ooh, baby, push it...I'm your cock slut, I'm your little white bitch, fuck me, nail me, give it to me, ohhhh...yeeeaaaaahhhhhhh....uuuuggggghhhh..." she was grunting unintelligibly now as he pushed his cock deeper and deeper. 

The contrast between his black-purple member and thick wiry curly hair and her alabaster thighs and tummy, and soft downy strip of public hair was so incredible. Her elbows were supporting her, but she turned her hands palms up and said, "Give me your cocks to stroke, I want to feel how hard you are, watching me get my brains fucked out!" Then she lay back, her knees went to her chest and her head lay back over the edge of the backside of the table where black number two was waiting for his opportunity. He slipped his cock between her lips, which she took eagerly, coating him with saliva so she could eventually slip him deeply down her throat. 

She abandoned herself to the animal lust that possessed her as she held two cocks in each hand and stroked them while getting fucked from both ends. She was an expert at timing and breathing, and she relaxed and let herself be used. As she relaxed more deeply, the black cocks in her mouth and pussy were able to penetrate more fully and she felt as though they might meet in the middle of her. The boys at her sides were each twiddling with a nipple with fingers and mouths, watching the action unbelieving that one woman could take, willingly, so much abuse. 

One felt his orgasm approaching as she gave him a hand job, and he blew his wad all over her tits. The sight of the cream spurting and dripping on her while her throat was working over his friend sent black number one over the edge and he exploded in a blast of cum which hopefully didn't rip right out of the condom. He continued to rut until the last of his orgasm subsided, then he went in the kitchen to clean up and have a drink.

Black number two was not as huge as his friend, and he slipped out of her throat to try another venue; even so she gave a mew of disappointment. He and she and the other younger man who still hadn't come went back to the bed. They lay down and sucked her titties and nipples and fingered her twat until she came again, writhing and screaming. 

They'd found the toys she'd placed nearby, and one worked her cunt with an electric vibrating dildo, while the other pressed a massaging vibrator to her clit. She reached her hands over her head and grabbed hold of the bed board while she held on for the ride of her life. Her cunny was dripping with her own sweet juices, and the black man knelt between her legs to pleasure her more intensely. He attached his mouth firmly to the area surrounding her clit and began to suck for all he was worth. Shuddering, shaking, laughing and crying all at once, she came with wracking orgasms again and again. 

"You need a break, Baby?" he asked her as soon as her eyes could focus again. She was breathing heavily and her entire chest was flushed with the heat of her multiple orgasms. 

"I think I need something cold to drink," she said, reaching for her half-finished Long Island. She sat up, got up and then walked, shakily, to the Jacuzzi, where the internal heater had kept the water at a comfortable 92 degrees. She finally took off the miniskirt and said, "Come on, everyone join me...we have a lot of unfinished business, and the night is still young." 

She was right...it was only about nine o'clock. Their escapade was only half over, and all but two had blown their loads with her. She was hoping for more from every one there, especially the really young guy with the long skinny cock...he was such a cutie, and so inexperienced...she was sure he'd never had anal, and she wanted to be the first for him. She was also hoping for a double penetration while sucking cock, while jacking off one in each hand. That left one person out, but maybe he could aim the web cam to really capture the moment.
