 Sweat dripped her brow. She smoothed her skirt over her nylon-clad thighs. Slender legs led to fuck me pumps underneath a cream-colored business suit tailored to show off her every curve. She looked one last time in the mirror, tugging her brown curls. She tucked one behind her ear before walking out of the bathroom and down the hall towards Bruce Callahan's office. 

Her nerves were fluttering butterflies in her stomach, but she had to do this. She needed a new place to live after next week.

Walking past the blonde secretary popping gum, Lindsey sashayed into Bruce's office, still amazed that he'd amassed so much wealth in such a short period. His black leather chair sat against a large ocean view window behind a large lacquer desk. Two smaller chairs sat in front of his desk. The walls to her left and right were bare, except for a bookcase that had several file folders scattered about. 

"I'd rather be out there," Bruce turned to face her. 

"Wow," she let out a breath. His pale skin and hair were gorgeous. His clean-shaven face was even more handsome, his rugged chin and sea blue eyes, captivating. Realizing that she was already damp between her thighs, she stepped cautiously forward. Unsure, she stumbled over the plush carpet, tripping only to catch herself on the back of one of the black chairs.

Her cheeks flushed.

"You okay?" He leaned over his desk, offering her a hand.

"Yeah, I'm fine. Just a little tired. I was up late studying last night." She smoothed her skirt again, fidgeting with the hem before sitting down. 

"What can I do for you?" 

Looking directly at him, she frowned hard. "Bruce, not even a hi? Or a hello short stuff?"

Bruce turned his head away from her. 

"Do you hate me?"

"What?"

"It's a fair question, Bruce. You've avoided my phone calls, put me off, kept me away from your office and made me beg you to get this appointment. I practically had to cut class just to make it here."

"I don't hate you, Lindsey. You know better."

"Then what's the deal? I thought we were lovers."

Lindsey put her hand over her mouth as soon as the words left her lips. "I'm sorry," She leaned forward, even more heat rising. She was sure her cheeks were flustered now. 

"I like your freckles," he laughed.

"It's not funny Bruce." She pouted. 

"You're right. It's not. And we are lovers. Always."

Crossing her legs, she watched as Bruce stared open mouthed at her thighs.

"First, I know what you're trying to do. It won't work. Money and my sex drive are not the same."

"Here's to hoping that could change." She winked and licked her lips. 

Bruce turned a computer monitor towards her. "See this?"

Leaning farther over the desk, Lindsey nearly had to get out of her seat to see the tiny print on the screen. "Yeah. That's my credit report."

"That's the report I pull for every prospective tenant before I even meet with them."

"Yes. And that report looks clean."

"It is. But you have very little credit history. For God's sakes honey, you're barely twenty-two years old. How much do you make an hour?"

"I'm in college and, wait. Why am I telling you this? You gave me that job at the coffee shop. You know where I work." More sweat formed at her brow. She fanned herself with a hand.

"Exactly."

He pointed to another figure on the monitor. "Your credit history isn't very long. Running some numbers in another program I use," he turned to the keyboard. Another program came into view showing things like income to debt ratio, average risks and other numbers Lindsey wasn't familiar with. 

He smirked. "You're too high a risk."

Her frown deepened. "Damnit Bruce, you can't just do me this one favor?"

"Look Lindsey, you know how much I love you, but I can't predict the future. What if a tidal wave comes and wipes out the island. What if you lose this job and can't find another one, or you do and it's closer to Houston. Then what? I lose my passive income. Besides, you don't want to live out here while they're developing. Prices are skyrocketing as it is. How are you going to expect to afford to stay here with an average rent increase of five percent a year?"

Lindsey shrugged her shoulders and slumped back in the chair. She hated her body for betraying her by getting wetter as she looked at Bruce. She hated her predicament too. It wasn't her fault for being born almost eight years after him. 

Her nipples tightened into little buds beneath her white blouse. Her body ached for him to touch her. The pool of liquid at her thighs seemed to be trickling down her leg. 

"I'll give you that date you've always wanted."

Bruce glared at her.

Her lips curled upwards in a smile. "I'll get that cute guy to come with us." Bruce's eyes widened. "You know that I know better."

"Yeah," she sighed. "I guess you're right. I'm sorry to have bothered you, Bruce."

"No trouble, babe. Bother me any time you want. Just don't come looking for a place to rent from me until you've got a better paying job."

Standing, Lindsey ran her hands down her skirt, smoothing it over her sticky thighs. Walking around the desk, she hugged Bruce, mad as she was. His large body enveloped her, making her feel safe, protected and loved. Beads of sweat slid down her brow. "It's hot in here."

"It's just you, doll." Bruce smiled.

With her body molded to his, she felt how aroused Bruce was. "You're so tiny," Bruce pointed out, shifting his weight so that she slid between his powerful thighs. 

She glared at him. "Don't remind me, you shit."

Bruce's arms slipped away from her. He turned, hiding a smile. "Get that grin off your face, damnit!"

The truth was, she wanted him. Bruce was so busy working all the time that he didn't realize when Lindsey was sending him signals. 

How many times had she lay awake at night and finger fucked herself to an unsatisfying orgasm? How many nights had she spent, covered in sweat thinking about Bruce's soft touch and hard thighs? 

Too many to count, she thought as she turned to walk out of his office.

Sighing heavily, Lindsey spun around, her curly hair whipping around in her face. Brushing away the lose strands, she parted her lips to speak. 

"What?" Bruce had returned to his chair.

"I'll give you a call in a day or so, all right?"

"Yes. Pleas do."

Turning, Lindsey sashayed out of his office, shaking her hips with each step. Bruce didn't seem to notice. 

The sun was blinding as she walked outside. Lindsey slipped on a pair of shades. It was too humid outside. Bruce was right; she didn't want to live on the island. Galveston's weather fluctuated from hot to worse and made her hair curl tighter. She shouldn't be sweating profusely after seeing Bruce. He was hot, all of 6'1 and hard in all the right places. 

Of course, it was July in Texas. That could explain the heat. 

Right. 

Arriving at her car, she put the key in the ignition and slammed her hands on the steering wheel. The sticky vinyl creaked as she adjusted herself in the seat. Unsatisfied, frustrated and wet as a river between her thighs, she picked up her cell phone. 

"Hello? Yeah, Lane? Lindsey here. I need a favor."

* * *

A few days later, Lindsey primped her auburn hair and made sure her curls were just this side of cute. She applied eyeliner, lipstick and puckered her lips, making sure they were ever so soft and kissable.

Bruce would be here soon. She'd invited him over for coffee and to see her current shit hole of an apartment in Texas City. Hopefully he'd see that she wasn't just some dumb twenty one year old hoping to mooch off a friend's good luck. She really was trying to get out of this rat hole. And if showing him the holes in the walls, the empty food cabinets due to the fact that she'd saved up numerous paychecks just for a down payment on his property, and the fact that the abusive couple next door drove her mad with their fighting, didn't convince him, she had a backup plan.

Her cell phone rang and she picked it up. "Hello?"

"Hi Lindsey. I'm on my way. I'll see you in ten minutes."

"Okay Bruce." She flipped her phone shut. 

Checking herself in the mirror one last time, Lindsey realized she was being silly. If she wanted Bruce bad enough, she only needed to go for it. He'd come for her. 

Walking out of the tiny bathroom, she shut the door. Didn't need Bruce to see her cluttered mess. 

On second thought, Lindsey pushed the door open slightly. She intended on leading him down the hallway back to her tiny bedroom anyway. He was staying the night. She was that determined. 

She walked over to the stereo, turned it on and switched the volume down. Picking up a lighter off the wooden table to her left, she went around the room and lit various candles, the scents of sandalwood and vanilla immediately improving her mood.

She grabbed a bottle of wine off the counter, hoping Bruce enjoyed merlot. Setting it down on her particleboard coffee table, she pulled the corkscrew out from underneath the couch. A cheap plastic pipe that reeked of resin sat beside the empty space next to the cushion. "How'd that get there?"

Probably the last stupid party she'd thrown. She was really going to have to give up a lot of her bad habits if she were going to impress Bruce. 

She hated not knowing what his tastes were, but he'd been so cryptic about personal details over the years that it was difficult to anticipate his likes. 

Other than fucking her brains out. That much she knew from the way he'd looked at her in the past. Except that lately he didn't seem interested. 

She glanced at the clock above the bar. Lane would be here in forty-five minutes. Perfect. 

A knock at the door startled her. "Coming," she yelled back. 

Traipsing over to the door, she unlocked the bolt and started to open the door. "Shit," she muttered and decided she was overdressed. 

Reaching beneath her short purple skirt, she slid off her panties and tossed them down the hall. "Won't need these," she reminded herself. 

Running a hand frantically through her hair, she opened the door. Bruce stood, his head tilted to one side. His blond hair feel over his shoulders, his blue eyes sparkled. 

"What happened to your beard?"

"Not even a hi?"

"I'm sorry," she backed away from the door. "Come in."

"It smells pretty in here. Vanilla and—"

"Sandalwood," she cut him off. "I'm sorry, I'm..." The scent of expensive cologne wafted towards her nose. He was already overwhelming. She felt Bruce's warm palm on her shoulder. "Honey, it's okay. This is just us, hanging out."

"Right." She looked at him standing in front of her, blue dress shirt and pleated khakis. Even his shoes appeared polished. "Except you're overdressed."

"Am I?" He cocked a brow and smirked. 

"God yes!" Sighing heavily, she turned around, "Come on in. What am I going to do with you?"

"What do you mean?" She heard the door click behind them. 

"Nevermind. Have a seat. Want some wine?"

"Sure." 

Lindsey walked into her kitchen and stood on tiptoes, stretching her arms to reach the wine glasses in the open cabinet. Her midriff brushed the counter. "Eek!" she screamed when she felt the warm hand on the small of her back. 

"Let me get those." His fingertips were a whisper against her skin. 

She turned around, stared into his tantalizing blue eyes. He didn't know what he was in for, the poor bastard!

"Here we go," he set them down on the counter. "Mind if I help you open the wine?"

"No, the corkscrew is," she glanced around the kitchen quickly.

"In my hand. I picked it up off the table." He turned away for a second before setting the corkscrew down. "Look," he let out a breath. 

"Yes?" It was hard to remain calm with him standing so close to her, but his arms wrapping around her tiny body helped. Her pert breasts crushing against his chest didn't help the temperature of her body any. 

Slowly, she slipped her arms around his waist, shudders running up her spine from his fingertips tracing patterns beneath her shirt. 

Pulling back from their embrace, he held her at arms length. "No bra. Lindsey, what are you up to?"

A smirk crossed her lips. "What are you talking about?"

"Come on, Lashway. I know you better than that." Wrapping both arms around Bruce's neck, Lindsey stood on tiptoe, pulling his head toward hers. 

Fingers gripping his tousled hair, her lips sealed over his. Muttering into the kiss, "You know what I want Bruce," a hand caressed the small of his back before running up over the V of his shoulders. 

He tasted of scotch and mint. Firm lips brushed against hers, biting her lower lip. She felt a hand groping her ass, squeezing her cheek.

"Mmm, no panties. I like that."

"I knew you would Bruce. You're such a whore," she uttered again, running her fingers through his blonde hair. "Oh," she felt herself being lifted onto the counter. Spreading her legs, she felt her skirt bunch up around her hips. 

Bruce positioned himself between her thighs. "Do you have any idea how mad you've driven me, little girl?"

She looked at him, his eyes half open. The sparkle of lust glimmered brightly. 

"Kiss me again," she pulled him to her but he resisted.

"What do you want from me?"

"Bruce," her tiny bud began to sweat. Her fingers interlocked around his waist and she pulled him to her. "Give me what I want."

"Lindsey..."

A soft press of her lips against his caused him to sigh, slowly. His body language, the way lust danced like flames in his eyes, told her that he'd bend to her will.

"Please," she begged, her breath growing ragged now. Her breasts ached for his touch. Her taut nipples rubbed against the fabric of her top until Bruce reached out, cupping her tender flesh in his hands. Rubbing his thumbs over her sensitive flesh made her moan and he smiled.

Closing her eyes, she felt the buttons pop off her top. 

Bruce's hands crushed her breasts, sending shivers down her spine, signals racing towards her nether regions. A fire started low and deep in her belly, the urge to strip him and jump on his cock was nearly overwhelming. 

She couldn't.

Lindsey had to stick to the plan.

Stall Bruce long enough to get him buzzed enough to lower his inhibitions and control the situation.

His tongue darted between her lips, she sucked the organ inside her mouth, letting it roll around, feeling its velvety surface explore every nook and cranny of her mouth. The way Bruce kissed made her see fireworks as his hands pulled her into his large body. Her hands roamed the vast expanse of dark, taut muscle that made up his chest. Her fingers splayed over his nipples, bringing them to a peak. 

Emitting moans into her kiss, Bruce tangled his fingers in her hair and pulled her mouth to his.

"What are you up to?" he demanded to know.

"Nothing Bruce, just...oh just like that." His hips arched into hers and she cried when he pinched a nipple and licked her ear at the same time, "fuck me you little shit."

His chuckle against her chest rumbled something low inside her. "Odd you calling me little."

He pulled back. Looking into his eyes, Lindsey had trouble forming sentences. Her body was on fire, her pussy ached for his touch and several times his cock had brushed against the bunched up fabric barrier between her flesh and his.

Her thighs were so damp, so incredibly wet right now. Bruce could slip himself inside her and that would complete her, would sate her desire. 

But she was losing her grip, her control over the situation. Her breathing picked up, lungs filling and releasing oxygen quickly, slowly and then quicker still. 

His hands trembled against her flesh as they explored her thighs, the inner most portion of her skin just below her skirt. Lindsey looked into Bruce's wanton face, saw the lust in his eyes and nearly creamed herself when he slid two fingers inside her sopping pussy. Arching into his hands, she felt the heel of his hand against her pubic bone as his fingers sank completely inside her, spreading her lips apart and learning her flesh. 

Flames danced over her skin, starting low in her belly and spreading throughout her body as Lindsey shuddered, riding Bruce's rough fingers. Her cries became louder, her fingers gripped his shoulders, nails dug into flesh and as sensation took over her thought, orgasm welled up like an ocean swelling, then it hit, like waves slamming into the shore, crashing against the rocks. Shaking, gripping, Lindsey jumped and locked her legs around Bruce's waist, her muscles clenching together on his fingers as he hit her hot button. 

Her breathing slowed, returned to normal. Lindsey wiped her brow as Bruce set her gently down on the counter top. 

"Wow," was all she could say. "That's right. Now, before I give you what you want, tell me why I'm here Lindsey."

She didn't say anything. Instead, she looked away, closed her eyes, and then looked back at his cock, bulging beneath his trousers. A small wet spot appeared where the head of his cock rested.

Lindsey licked her lips. "What do you think I want, Bruce?"

Snaking a hand around the front of his pants, she fumbled with the zipper and watched Bruce close his eyes. 

He hissed at the mere touch of her hands on his cock. Gripping the countertop, his knuckles turned white. 

Her tiny fingers massaged his flesh up and down, his swollen member pulsing in her tiny hands. Bruce opened his eyes and stared hard at her. Through gritted teeth, "Are you going to do something with that?" His eyes were narrow, very menacing to anyone who didn't know better.

Lindsey was playing with fire.

Yay for her!

"I intend on it, Bruce. But..." she looked at the clock above the stove. "It's almost time for my surprise."

"What are you ta--," he started but she squeezed his cock and ran a delicate fingernail against the underside of his scrotum. He was shaved. Yummy!

The doorbell rang. Lane was here.

Lindsey slid off the counter, pushing Bruce away just enough to lead him to the door by his cock. Her skirt fell back into place and she managed to straighten up her top with one hand. "Come along," she giggled.

Her breasts bounced beneath her top, nipples rubbing against the fabric. She moaned.

Walking to the door, she felt her slickness between her thighs. 

"What are you thinking, you little shi—" His jaw dropped when she opened the door. His cock jumped in her hand when she gave it a little tug. 

A tall, blonde stood in the doorway, dressed in tan shorts and a blue polo. His eyes sparkled arousal and his lips pouted just slightly. 

"Lane, what a surprise. I didn't expect you here tonight." Lindsey glanced at the astounded look on Bruce's face. She couldn't stifle a laugh. 

"Well, you know Lashway. I couldn't drop by without checking on my favorite little whore. What's this you've got in your hand?"

"He had a hand in the bush earlier," she snickered. 

Lane laughed. Pointing at Bruce's cock, he smirked. "It figures. Has he had a chance to dip that beautiful thing inside the bush yet?" 

"What's going on here?" Bruce ground his teeth as Lindsey gave his cock another squeeze. 

"You always had hot taste in men. Let's see what fun we could have, shall we?" Lane pushed past them, slipping his beach sandals off at the door. "I'm not interrupting anything, am I?"

"As a matter of fact—" Each word came out slowly. 

Gripping Bruce's cock, she put two fingers to his lips. 

His tongue darted over her fingers, slowly tasting each one. 

Giggling, Lindsey glared at Bruce. "Hush." She turned to Lane, "No I don't mind. Lane, the more the merrier."

"Oh goody!" Lane clapped his hands together. His eyes lit up like a kid in a candy store.

"And I am in control, right Bruce?" She gave another jerk on his cock. She laughed when the pleading look in his eyes became that of lust once again. 
