 This is the sequel to 'A Porn Shoot Shock' where I discovered that my friend Jana was a fluffer on a porn set. 

The day after the porn shoot that unexpectedly featured my friend Jana, I received a text message from her that said 'I think we need to talk, let's meet for a drink'. We arranged to meet up that afternoon at a pub and as we got a drink from the bar and settled down at a table, we exchanged pleasantries, both ignoring the elephant in the room. I think she expected things to be a little more awkward but as she began to realise they weren't, she loosened up and eventually said "okay, so I guess I should explain." I just smiled and waited until she said "umm, so Tom and I, um we've got... we're not... it's kind of..."

I smiled and reached a hand over to gently touch hers in reassurance, and she took a deep breath and smiled. "We have a kind of, um, open marriage" she finally said, "we like to be with other people." I just smiled and nodded as that didn't really tell me much that I didn't already know. As she realised that I was just listening and not judging, she went on to explain in a little more detail. She told me that she and Tom were essentially swingers, but they really liked to film themselves having sex, with each other and with other people. The reason she had got into working in porn was to meet some people who could feature in their home movies with them. She explained that she didn't star in any of the porn movies, she just worked as a fluffer off camera because she didn't want to risk anyone she knew seeing it. On that point, she looked at me quite pleadingly and asked if I would keep all this a secret. I told her that she could count on me not to say anything, but I was curious about their lifestyle if she wouldn't mind clueing me in. 

She went on to tell me that she had been working in porn for about six months and that she actually enjoyed it more than she expected. She got to be as slutty as she liked and she got paid well for it. She said with the amateur movies like the one I was in, she just sucked cock, but for the smaller movies with professional porn stars, they would sometimes stick them inside her so they could stay hard between scenes. She said there were a few male actors that had made some home movies with her and Tom, and they had also made a couple with Melissa. At that point I felt I had to come clean with her that I had watched her and Melissa with the producers after the last shoot. She looked away a little sheepishly and just said "yeah that's the only downside, they get like that sometimes, I don't know why Melissa lets them get away with it, they really abuse her." I grimaced and she added "she's actually really sweet though, I'll introduce you sometime." 

I almost felt my cock jump in my trousers at that, Melissa was gorgeous and I wanted to know what Jana meant by 'introduce' us. Towards the end of the conversation, I could tell there was something else she wanted to say so I gently prompted her and she finally said "so Tom and I were talking last night, we wondered if you would maybe want to make a home movie with us sometime." 

My jaw must have dropped because she quickly began to back track and say it was just an idea so I stopped her and reassured her that I would love to. Her face lit up and to my surprise, she asked "how about tonight?" 

It was a very strange experience making small talk with my friend's husband while he showed me all the cameras that would soon film me fucking his wife. Tom was a nice guy and the times we had met before, we had got on really well. Obviously at that time, I had no idea about this hobby of theirs. Tom showed me several professionally installed cameras, all focused on the bed in the centre of the room, and then told both of us to just do what felt right and pretend he wasn't there. Until that point, it hadn't occurred to me that he intended to sit in the corner and watch as I fucked his wife, but my mind was taken off that when Jana pulled her shirt over her head and started to unbutton her jeans and slide them down her legs. Now dressed in a sexy black bra and panty set, she moved in close and began to kiss me while unbuttoning my shirt. 

I was really surprised how passionate she was being and I kind of felt guilty that it was happening right in front of Tom. I don't know why but I guess I had expected this to be more like a porn movie, where the actors just fuck, but instead Jana seemed to be trying to shove her tongue down my throat while she rubbed her hands all over my body. 

Don't get me wrong, I certainly wasn't complaining and by the time she pulled my jeans down, my cock was rock hard and making an obscene tent in my boxers. Jana sunk to her knees in front of me and in one fluid movement, she pulled my underwear down and wrapped her mouth around the head of my dick. For the next couple of minutes, she bobbed her head up and down while rubbing my shaft and groaning excitedly.

At this rate I knew I would be cumming any minute so I reluctantly pulled my cock out of her mouth and moved her up on to the bed. She unclasped her bra at the same time and I buried my head between her big soft tits, licking them all over before kissing my way down her stomach and slipping my hands in the waist band of her panties. She lifted her hips and as I pulled them off, I saw she was shaved except for a tiny 'landing strip' of pubic hair above her gorgeous pussy. I spent the next few minutes licking her until she screamed and clamped her thighs around my head as she came. 

As she released her grip on me and I stood up, she leaned forward to grab my cock and moaned "that was amazing but I want it inside me." I tried to forget about the fact that this woman's husband was sat just a few feet away from us as she pulled me on top of her and kissed me again while she spread her legs and pulled my dick towards her wet pussy lips. As I thrust my hips forward and pushed my cock a couple of inches into her, she let out a loud groan and I realised just how perfect her pussy was. It was tight and wet, and the feeling was absolutely incredible, it felt like it was gripping me firmly and pulling me into her. I started to pull out and thrust back into her a few times, and as I slammed my hips down and buried it all the way inside her, she screamed out "oh fuck baby, his cock feels so big, it's so deep." 

After a few minutes of hard pounding, she rolled me over onto my back without even taking my cock out of her. As she rode my dick and rubbed her own clit, she asked me if I liked her tight pussy. I nodded and she moaned back "good, it likes you too, it really likes you." I managed to last long enough to flip Jana onto her back again and resume slamming my hips down into hers, but soon I realised I was close to cumming and asked Jana what she wanted me to do. She wrapped her arms tight around my back and softly said "its okay, you can cum inside me, do you want to?" 

I just nodded and grunted back "are you sure?" 

She responded by wrapping her legs around me as well and whispering "yes, I want you to, do it inside me." 

With that, I tensed up and grunted as I began to shoot my load of cum deep inside Jana's warm pussy. She moaned and hugged me tighter until I finally stopped thrusting and stayed on top of her with my cock softening inside her. When I eventually pulled out and sat up, Jana quickly flipped over and stuffed my cock back into her mouth, licking it clean. The sensation on my sensitive penis was almost too much and I closed my eyes and rolled my head back as she sucked me. I felt some movement on the bed and heard a groan from Jana so I opened my eyes again and saw Tom inserting his dick into her from behind. 

For the next half an hour or so, we double teamed her, flipping her around every few minutes and shoving our cocks in her from both ends. Tom eventually slipped out of Jana's mouth and grunted "fuck I'm ready, where do you want it honey?" Jana pulled off my cock and immediately knelt on the bed as she moaned "I want both of you to do it on my tits, come on give it to me." She pushed her big tits together as Tom stroked his dick a few times and then began to spray a huge load all over them. A few seconds later, I added my load, and we watched as she rubbed it into her skin as if it were lotion. 

It took me some time to get my head around everything I had experienced since signing up to be a porn extra. I had witnessed my old friend Jana sucking dozens of cocks, and had her swallow my cum, and I had inadvertently been treated to my own little live sex show. Then I had starred in a home movie with a gorgeous woman that I had fantasised about since I was a teenager. Even so, none of that could have prepared me for the text I got from Jana a few days later saying 'are you free this weekend? We want to make a little movie, Melissa's coming too'. 

That weekend, Tom and I had Jana and Melissa next to each other on the bed as we took turns fucking them doggy style, switching from one gorgeous pussy to the other. Melissa's pussy wasn't quite as perfect as Jana's but she had a fantastic arse, and a filthy mouth. I had thought her performance with the porn producer was for his benefit, but I began to realise it was her who really got off on acting like a whore. She seemed to enjoy it all much more when she was controlling the situation rather than being abused by some jumped up porn guy. As I gripped her hips and slammed my cock into her she screamed out "that's it baby, fuck my filthy cunt, fuck it harder." Then while I was fucking Jana's perfect pussy, Melissa told Tom to smack her arse and make her his whore. Maybe she had just spent too much time doing porn but it certainly made these home movies interesting, and it turned me on so much I had to slow down for fear of cumming too soon. 

When I got my dick back inside Melissa, I thrust in and out a couple of times before announcing I was going to cum. She excitedly shouted "cum on my face baby, I want it on my face." I barely had time to pull out, flip her over, and shuffle up the bed before I erupted a huge load all over her beautiful face. She just lay there breathing heavily as Jana jumped up and lay down next to her. Tom quickly shuffled forward and began to spray his cum all over his wife's face. While we sat back recovering, we watched these two gorgeous sluts clean each other's faces off and then move into a sixty nine position where they proceeded to lick and finger each other until they both screamed through their orgasms. 

When Tom and I had recovered, and the girls had sucked our dicks back to life, we put them on their backs on the bed and took turns fucking them again while they reached over and fondled each other's large firm breasts. This time when I asked Jana where she wanted me to cum, she eagerly shouted "I want it inside me baby, I want you to fill me up." 

"Oh really?" I teased, "What's it worth?"

She smiled and answered "whatever you want honey." 

"Alright" I answered, slowing down slightly as an idea popped into my head, "I want to see some of your other home movies." 

She smiled a bit wider and shouted "yes anything, just cum in me." 

I buried a load of cum deep inside Jana and left with a hard drive that they were more than happy to lend me. It contained three movies, 'Jana's First Anal', 'Jana And Melissa', and 'Jana's Cumshot Compilation'.