 When I get home from work on a Friday night, Margo tells me that we are going to go hang out with her friend Tonya and her husband Rick after dinner. It's good news as far as I'm concerned; as they are both people I really enjoy spending time with. We pick up wine on the way there. Rick doesn't drink wine and I don't drink at all, but Margo gets two big bottles anyway. I'm positive that they are all going to get a little too drunk, but since we're going to be hanging at their apartment and I'll be sober to drive Margo home, it won't be a problem. And it might get to be an especially fun evening, since Margo's bisexuality gets a lot more aggressive when she drinks and I know she thinks Tonya is cute.

We get to their apartment and there are enthusiastic greetings all around. We all hug each other warmly. I appreciate that Rick is a guy who isn't afraid to hug another guy. I give Tonya a peck on the cheek, a new sophisticated habit I'm pretending to develop. Margo laughs and then gives Tonya kisses on both cheeks and one on the lips. Rick says, "Hey! What about me?" Margo and I both kiss him on the cheek. We all laugh and head into the kitchen to get some drinks.

The last time we hung out with them was at a party, and there was some definite sexual tension, and not necessarily just between Margo and Tonya. Rick had gotten drunk enough that he was feeling horny and uninhibited, and there was a weird moment when I felt like he kind of wanted to make out with me. He claimed he was trying to bite a loose string off my shirt, which is a weird excuse. I have always been bi-curious, and Rick is a good looking guy, so I was a little bit turned on. Nothing happened, but thinking about it was giving tonight a little bit of an extra something.

All of us are fairly attractive people in our early thirties. Margo is tiny, with short dark hair and perfect alabaster skin. She's thin but actually kind of curvy when you look closely, and she has a very pretty face and big blue eyes. Tonya is much taller and has a lean, athletic body, to go with an attractive if slightly severe face. Her hair is dyed black. Rick is about the same height as his wife, with messy, light brown hair and perpetual beard stubble. He's in fairly good shape, although not as fit as his wife. I'm the tallest in the group at a little over six feet, with dark brown hair cut short and a goatee. I'm in good shape too, although not overly muscular.

We are quickly all having a great time. Rick is mixing vodka with energy drinks, since he wants to have enough energy to get completely wasted. The girls are both drinking wine like they are dying of thirst, and I'm no longer sure that we bought enough. We all talk to each other, although I probably spend more time talking with Rick and Margo focuses on Tonya. Margo has a very intimate way of talking to people that involves a lot of eye contact and physical closeness. It makes people really open up to her, and while Rick and I spend most of the evening talking about sports and movies, Margo and Tonya seem to be having a pretty deep conversation, with Margo leaning in and frequently making physical contact. 

As the evening progresses, I notice that it keeps happening. Margo keeps finding ways to touch Tonya, patting her on the arm, hugging her, innocently plucking a piece of fuzz out of her hair. As the alcohol continues to flow, I notice that Tonya begins to respond a little bit more each time. When Margo leans in to whisper something in her ear, Tonya blushes and giggles. The two hold eye contact for longer than would be socially acceptable under other circumstances. I see that Rick has started to take notice as well, even as he drinks enough to render his judgment questionable. He is clearly enjoying seeing our wives start to lose their inhibitions. Margo breaks away for a moment to use the bathroom, and I follow discreetly behind, as always enjoying how perfect her ass looks. I linger in the hallway while she pees, pretending to check my phone and listening to her pee. I glance back in the kitchen and see Tonya and Rick looking at each other a bit awkwardly. When I hear the toilet flush and the sink start to flow, I duck into the bathroom.

"Hey, what's up?" Margo asks, frowning a bit at my intrusion.

"How's it going, baby?" I ask her as she finishes washing her hands. "Seems like you're having a good time."

"Yeah..." she says. "Are you having fun?" She worries sometimes that I don't have a good time at get-togethers when I'm the only one not drinking, which is sometimes true.

"I'm having a great time watching you flirt with Tonya," I tell her. She rolls her eyes at me but doesn't argue. "I don't mind if you want to go for it."

"We're just having fun. She's my friend."

"Your cute friend whose pussy you want to eat," I reply, flicking my tongue at her. She makes a grumpy noise, but again doesn't disagree. Now I know I was right and she actually does want to fuck Tonya. I try to play it cool, knowing that this is a delicate situation. I lean and kiss her deeply, pulling her close to me with my hand on her ass. Her breath tastes more like alcohol than I really care for, but I'm in no mood to complain. A friend of mine once pointed out that all my objections to drunkenness tend to disappear quickly when it arouses Margo's bisexuality. I bend lower and lightly kiss the back of her neck, which I know will further arouse her. I can feel her body tense against mine. 

"Hey," she says, slapping me on the arm. "Stop that. You are going to get me all turned on."

"That's kind of the idea."

"Yeah, but we can't right now, so you're teasing."

"I will fuck you right here, right now."

"I know you would, dirty slut," she says affectionately. "Come on, we have to go back out there." She turns to leave and I give her ass a playful slap.

"You're just eager to get back to Tonya," I tease.

"Whatever. I saw Rick laying his head on your shoulder earlier. Has he tried to kiss you again?"

"I don't think he's that drunk yet," I reply as we walk back into the kitchen.

"What do you mean?" Rick asks. Not wanting to make him feel weird, I try not to answer, but Margo does, either out of slightly tipsy disregard or trying to tease me back.

"I was asking Mike if you had tried to make out with him again!"

Tonya giggles and shakes her head while Rick awkwardly stammers. "I didn't really try to make out with him, I just bit a loose string off his shirt!"

We all laugh. I tell Rick that I understand; I'd try to make out with me too, and Margo shakes her head at how full of myself I am. The whatever tension there was breaks for a moment, and they all make new drinks while I pull another Dr. Pepper out of the refrigerator. We laugh and talk some more, and everyone is having a good time. I playfully pretend to bite an imaginary string off of Rick's shoulder, and he pretends to be awkward about it. While I was joking around, I sort of enjoy the closeness when I do it, and I think he might be responding a bit as well. Margo grabs Tonya by the hand and leads her over to the couch, and they begin to talk. I notice that they are sitting quite closely. I lean into to speak quietly to Rick. "Dude, I think Margo is kind of hot for your wife."

He grins at me. "I know, right? And I don't think Tonya minds, either."

"And you don't mind?"

"Not at all. I am ok with anything that happens, especially if we get to watch. You?"

"I love it when Margo gets hot for a girl. And she has great taste, too," I say. Rick smiles at my compliment to his wife. I remember once him mentioning that he kind of got off on people checking her out. "Let's just see where this goes." We head into the living room.

Twenty minutes later, the girls are full on making out. Rick and I head over to the love seat, letting them have the couch to themselves. As I expect, Margo is the more aggressive one, sliding herself onto Tonya and grinding slightly against the taller girl. Tonya surprises me by being nearly as enthusiastic, grabbing at Margo's ass as they kiss. I glance over at Rick, and he looks flushed, probably both from the alcohol and his own arousal. "Pretty fucking awesome, huh?" I say.

He nods and shifts uncomfortably. My dick is getting pretty tight in my own jeans. We continue to watch the girls make out. Margo is starting to pant a little, and suddenly she whips her top off. As per always, she isn't wearing a bra, so her perky tits are out for everyone to see. I am both incredibly turned on and unsurprised by this. The other couple appears to share my arousal but are a bit more surprised. Tonya gets over it quick and bends slightly to begin sucking on one of Margo's giant pink nipples. They are pretty much irresistible when you see them, nice puffy areolas with firm buds the size of a thimble. 

"Oh fuck," Rick says, practically moaning. I see him unconsciously start to rub the bulge in his pants. It looks pretty tempting, but I don't want to push it yet. Instead I focus on the hot lesbian action in front of me. Margo is moaning slightly from having her nipples sucked, and is trying to get Tonya's top off. Tonya removes her mouth long enough to help unbutton her shirt. She's wearing a lacy black bra. It looks good, but Margo is obviously more interested in what's underneath. Considering that she hasn't worn a bra for years, she's surprisingly facile at unhooking Tonya's. Her breasts are probably about the same size as Margo's, although they look a bit smaller on her taller frame. Her nipples are smaller and darker, and are clearly rock hard. I am glad I get a good look when they first pop out, because Margo's hands are quickly all over them. The girls start to make out again, even more passionately if possible.

At this point I don't think my dick can get any harder, and the tightness of my jeans is becoming a definite issue. I look over at Rick, and the poor guy looks like he's going to pass out. I glance down at his crotch again, and the front of his baggy cargo shorts is completely tented out. It looks like his dick is probably a nice size. "Are you all right there, man?" I ask him. He takes a moment to respond.

"Yeah, it's awesome. I just never really thought I get to see something like this in person."

"I have seen Margo get about this far with another girl before, but I think tonight's going to be even better." Right on cue, I see Margo slide her hand all the way down Tonya's sexy stomach until she's inside her pants. Tonya gives a little squeak of surprise, but then her eyes roll back in pleasure as Margo's finger begin to play with her pussy. Margo continues to finger her and starts kissing her neck. Tonya begins breathing quicker, and I can tell that the evening's first orgasm is about to happen. After about another minute or two Tonya cries out and Margo only increases the speed and intensity. After an orgasm that seems to last forever but is probably only about a minute, Tonya shifts slightly and Margo pulls back her hand. They kiss again, but softer and sweeter. I hold my breath, uncertain if this is going to be the end of the fun. Then Tonya whispers something into Margo's ear. Margo smiles impishly and then the girls stand up.

I think quickly, trying to come up with a way to keep the sex vibe going. As it turns out, I have nothing to worry about because they are only standing up to take the rest of their clothes off. Tonya gets her unhooked shirt and bra off quickly and then slides her jeans off. She's wearing a lacy black thong that matches the discarded bra. Her body is firm and lean, and I can tell there are muscles under the soft pale skin. All her exercising has clearly paid off, and she's definitely sexier than I expected without her clothes. Margo is already topless, and she just pulls her jeans and underwear off in one quick motion. I hear Rick inhale sharply and I can't blame him. Margo is definitely sexy with her clothes on, but naked she looks like a fucking pinup model. Her B-cup tits look much larger on her tiny body, and she has a slight curve to her back that naturally accentuates her ass. Her ass is perfect and round without being the slightest bit too big. Every time I see it I just want to bury my face in her crack and go to town. Her pussy is completely hairless with thick, luscious lips.

Margo pushes Tonya back down on the couch and gets down between her legs. She turns to me for a second, checking to make sure I'm okay with all this. I mouth "I love you" at her. She smiles and then turns back to Tonya and begins kissing her taut, sexy stomach. Margo hooks her fingers under the straps of Tonya's thong and starts to slide it down slowly. I get just a glimpse of Tonya's pussy before Margo dives into it. It looks like she is shaved except for a tiny strip of dark hair. 

I have imagined a scene like this a million times before, ever since Margo told me she was bisexual, but for once reality is even better than the fantasy. At this point I become concerned about coming in my pants. I look over at Rick and see that he is right there with me. I decide to follow my sexy wife's example and be bold. I unzip my jeans and push them down. Rick glances over at me. "I can't take it man. This is just too hot." I slide my hand inside my underwear and adjust my throbbing cock, enjoying the feel of it but not really jerking off yet. Rick looks back and forth between me, his own lap and the sight of my wife voraciously eating his wife out. He downs the rest of the drink he has been holding and takes his shorts off. I'm wearing boxer briefs, so they contain my erection fairy well, but Rick's got boxers with a flap, so his cock comes out as soon as his shorts are off. It's a nice looking cock, maybe a bit smaller than my own seven and a half inches.

Margo clearly loves eating Tonya's pussy, and it looks like she's doing a great job. I feel weirdly proud of her and I wonder if she's using any of the techniques that I use to pleasure her with. Tonya begins to moan again, and it looks like she's going to cum twice before any of the rest of us gets a chance. I don't think anyone's upset about it, though. Rick is slowly stroking his cock and I lean back a little and do the same. I feel nervous and excited about being this close to another guy's hard cock. I don't want to screw anything up here, since Rick is a good friend; but I really want to get my mouth around his dick tonight. I just hope he's horny enough to let me try it. I realize that I've been staring at Rick's cock and I quickly look back at the girls. Out of the corner of my eye I can see that he caught me looking, but he doesn't look pissed. In fact, I think he checks me out too.

Tonya screams out another orgasm, louder than her first one. Margo wipes her mouth off with her arm and then lies on top of Tonya. They go back to making out, and Tonya is running her fingernails down the small of Margo's back, causing her to shudder. I feel Rick begin to shift forward on the couch. I can see that he wants to join in the fun. I do too, but I don't want to do anything to break the sexual trance the girls seem to be in. I lean over and whisper to Rick, "I think we should let them go a little longer. I don't think they've had enough of each other yet."

"You might be right, but fuck, I'm going crazy here." He hasn't taken his hand off his dick the whole time. I look back over at the other couch and see Tonya push Margo off of her and onto her back, before sliding down to her knees. "Oh shit," Rick says, "I can't believe she's going to do it." Right on cue, Tonya takes her first tentative taste of pussy. After a few seconds of caution, she seems to decide that she likes it, and begins licking away furiously, pausing now and then to give Margo's clit a little suck. Her technique looks a little sloppy, but Margo doesn't seem to mind. She whispers for Tonya to stick her fingers inside her, and when she does, Margo starts to gasp and breathe heavily. 

"How lucky are we?" I ask Rick. "Look at how fucking hot our wives are."

"I know. Do you think they are going to want to fuck us after they're done?" he asks.

"I'm pretty sure Margo will. Is Tonya usually up for more after she cums?"

"Definitely. Um, dude? What are the rules here? I've never done this before."

"I haven't really either, but I'm down for anything," I reply. 

"I mean, do we fuck our own wives, or do we trade, or what?"

I almost laugh, but manage not to. "I think we should leave it up to them. I'm cool either way." I look at Tonya's tight ass as she is bent over devouring my wife's pussy, and I imagine how nice it would be to side my cock into her. However, I don't want to badly enough to mess anything up between Margo and I, and I'm not sure how she is going to feel about it. I see that Rick is watching Margo grab at her own tits as she starts to orgasm. Honestly, it's pretty hot seeing how badly he wants to fuck my wife, and I sort of hope I get to watch them later on. Margo starts screaming as she cums, which is one of my favorite things about her in bed. You always know when you've done a good job. Tonya doesn't seem to be interested in stopping, and she fucks Margo even harder with her fingers. 

"Oh fuck, I need to get off," Rick groans. I glance down and I can see that he's going to finish himself off pretty soon. This seems like time to take a shot, if I'm going to.

"You want some help with that?" The question hangs out there for a moment, and I'm suddenly incredibly nervous. I have no idea how Rick's going to respond. He's no homophobe, but there's a difference between having gay friends and having a friend who you thought was straight suck you off. I also wouldn't blame him if he wants to save his cock for the girls. I don't know what goes through his mind, but he suddenly nods.

"Sure, that would be okay, I guess." That's all the encouragement that I need. One second later I'm on my knees with my hand wrapped around his hard dick. A tiny drop of precum seeps out of the tip, and it looks so tempting I just have to taste it. I lick it off with just the tip of my tongue. It's delicious. Rick lets out a low moan. I can tell he's not quite sure about this, and his cock gets momentarily softer. I almost hesitate, but I've gone too far now and I put my mouth over as much of his cock as I can. It's delicious. It's not completely hard, but it isn't soft either, and I struggle to get it all in my mouth. Rick is still wearing his boxers, and I use my hand to pull his dick and balls all the way free. I jerk his cock firmly and I feel him get fully hard again. 

I continue sucking on his cock, tightening my lips around the base of the head, teasing his hole with my tongue. I can tell he's beginning to enjoy it from the physical reaction, but I'm too nervous to look at his face, so I just concentrate on what I'm doing. Despite my anxiety, it's amazing. I feel like I might cum just from the pleasure of sucking him. His cock feels so good in my mouth. It's so warm, and somehow soft and hard at the same time. I can taste the saltiness of his precum as it dribbles out. I play with his balls the way I like to have it done. He starts making a sound that's almost a whimper. I wonder if he is going to cum soon. I really want to have his cum in my mouth. 

At this point I am so into sucking Rick's cock that I have momentarily forgotten about our wives fucking each other behind me. I quickly remember when I hear Tonya say, "Oh my god!" I stop blowing Rick long enough to look behind me. Margo and Tonya are lying against each other, with Tonya on top. They are both staring at us wide-eyed. Margo doesn't look angry, which makes me happy. Actually, they both look really turned on, but I can't tell if it's from watching us or just the residual from their own fucking. I turn back and look at Rick. He looks freaked out, and I almost feel like I was taking advantage of him. I give his cock one last long suck, savoring the taste and feeling. Then I stand up and turn around.
