 The week after our amazing night with Rick and Tonya was interesting. Margo and I fucked like crazy, but there was a slight tension to it. We tried not to talk what happened about too much, but it came up frequently. Margo was worried that she had let everything get out of hand since she started the festivities, and I was worried that she wasn't comfortable with the fact that I had loved swallowing a big load of my friend's cum after he got through fucking her. We were also both a little concerned about how Tonya and Rick felt about the whole thing. 

After we had reassured each other and ourselves a few times, we both agreed that we had both had an amazing time and getting to watch each other experiment had been incredibly sexy. I had always teased Margo about her bisexuality, and so she tried to get back at me by bringing my lust for cock at awkward moments. I figured I deserved it, and she didn't tease me too much. Besides, I had decided that I was fully comfortable with the fact that I loved cock. In fact, I begged Margo to use her strapon on me, and she was happy to oblige.

"Get on your knees, you little slut," Margo says, pushing me down as she strokes the eight inches of realistically shaped silicone cock strapped to her. She is a bit of a sex toy snob, so the dildo she had picked out was amazingly lifelike, with a perfect shape and a texture eerily similar to skin. It is actually a bit bigger than either Rick's cock or mine, and I think Margo gets a real attitude when she wears it, like she's the biggest stud around. I grab her dick and pull it eagerly into my mouth. It didn't taste as delicious as Rick's, but I loved the feeling of submitting to her. "That's right baby, suck that cock. I bet you wish it was your boyfriend's, don't you?"

I wasn't really going to try and deny that, so instead I turn it around on her. I stop blowing her long enough to say, "Just like you wish that you got to use this on Tonya." She giggles and starts really trying to fuck my face. I'm so turned on that I can't help playing with myself as I suck her, and she moans as if she could really feel my mouth on her cock. I reach up and play with her tits, loving the contrast between her soft female body and the very male appendage that was threatening to suffocate me. I think I might be able to cum just from the sheer kinkiness, but Margo is eager to get to the main event.

"I want to fuck you now!" she says, pulling back. "Get on the bed." I scramble to get up and flop on the bed.

"How do you want me? On my back, or doggy-style?" I ask.

"On your back. I want to watch your face when I fuck you." I lay back and spread my legs. Margo grabs a bottle of lube and smears it all over the dildo. The lube looks like cum and it hard for me not to start sucking again, but I am dying to be fucked, too, so I take some lube and get my ass ready. I fuck my ass with my finger for a second, knowing that something much larger is about to be inside. Margo spreads my legs apart and pushes the tip of her cock into my asshole. She can't get it inside at first, and I am crawling out of my skin, I want it so bad. Then she shoves it all the way in. I gasp and for a moment I feel like I'm going to pass out. It's incredible, but still hurts.

"Slow down, baby. That's a big fucking dick you've got," I say.

"I just get carried away. You've got such a hot ass," she says, but she does pull back slightly and allows me to get used to being so full of dick. I do actually have a pretty cute ass, and I love thinking about how guys might want to fuck it. At the moment though, it's my wonderful sexy wife who's fucking me, and I am loving it. After just a minute or so, my ass has relaxed and the pain/pleasure feeling is now becoming pure ecstasy. 

"Fuck me, baby," I beg her, and she begins pumping in and out my ass. It's feels so fucking good, and I pinch my nipples and wrap my legs around her a little bit.

"Oh yeah, play with your tits," she says and fucks me harder. I love when she talks dirty and I start stroking my cock. I don't want the feeling to stop, but I also feel like I might lose my mind if I don't cum soon. She asks, "Are you thinking about Rick fucking you?" Right then I start coming like crazy. I squirt all over my chest and even manage to get some on my face. Margo is still inside of me, and my orgasm stretches out in a way that only happens with anal sex. I think it's more the way a woman feels when she cums. I feel wonderfully spent.

"I love you so much. Thank you," I tell Margo.

"I love you too. It was fun for me, too," she says. She pulls her cock out of me and hands me a paper towel to clean myself up. She gets up and walks over to the bathroom to clean off the dildo. When she comes back to bed she lies down beside me and I squeeze her tight. "So, I guess you really do want Rick to fuck you," she says. I am briefly uncomfortably silent, but I decide to be honest.

"Yeah, I really do. Would you be okay with that?"

She is quiet for a moment, and then says, "I think so. I understand that this is something you need. Do you think he'll be up for it?"

"I have no idea, actually. He seemed to have fun last week, but I know he thinks of himself as straight. And I don't want to push it and make things weird." I look over at Margo. She has taken off the dildo and harness and is lying beside me, wonderfully naked. "You haven't gotten off yet. I would love to help you out."

"Can we use the Hitachi?" she asks eagerly. I smile at her and pull from out of the big box of sex toys we keep under our bed, which she hadn't put away after tossing the strapon inside. She loves the Hitachi on her clit, and I love getting to watch and listen to her cum. She plugs it in, flips it on and presses it to her bare pussy. She immediately begins to moan and whimper. I like to help out, so I begin sucking on one of her nipples and tweaking the other with my finger at the same time. She moans louder, really getting into it. "Put a finger in me," she begs. I slide my finger in and turn it upward to press on her g-spot. She starts to scream out, not even making words, just pure ecstatic pleasure and release. It's incredibly sexy. I think she has three orgasms, but it's hard to tell where one ends and the next begins. She flips off the vibrator and curls into a ball, savoring the little aftershocks from her climax. I cuddle up next to her, gently kissing her neck and shoulders. "Thank you, baby. That was wonderful," she says.

"I loved getting to see you enjoy yourself like that," I reply, meaning every word. We whisper "I love you" to each other and spoon very contentedly. I'm so relaxed I almost fall asleep. A moment later, Margo gets a text. She hesitates, not wanting to get up, but she eventually sits up and grabs her phone. "Who is it?" I ask.

"Tonya. She wants to go get a drink later," Margo replies.

"That's good. I know you have been worried she would feel weird around you."

"Yeah, and I do feel like getting a drink tonight. What are you going to do tonight?"

"Not sure. I might call Rick and see if he wants to play Madden or something."

"Or you know, fuck you in the ass."

"I seriously doubt anything like that is going to happen tonight."

"I think it depends how drunk he is. That ass of yours is pretty tempting." She gives me a sharp slap on my ass and we laugh. We get up and go take a shower.

Later that night, Rick comes over to our house, seemingly eager to hang out. I know he won't get as drunk if he is away from home, and I think that makes both of us more comfortable. I still want to have sex with him, but I don't want him to do it because he can't think straight. I want to be wanted, damn it. I laugh at my own thoughts. I was very comfortable with my bisexual desires in the abstract, but it was weirder when it concerned someone I had always thought of as just a guy I liked to joke around with. I decide not to bring it up unless he does. 

We start playing Madden, mostly just talking about the game, although Rick does tell me about his shitty week at work. It's definitely weirder than it would normally be. I realize that both of us are watching the other surreptitiously, presumably looking for signs of either awkwardness or gay lust. 

After we finish the first game, he chugs down the rest of his second beer. He gets up and says, "I'm going to go and take a piss." As he heads to the bathroom I pull out my phone and text Margo. I ask her how it's going, and she quickly replies and lets me know they're having fun. I then ask if they've discussed last week at all, and she tells me that they are talking about it right now, and that Tonya is totally cool with what happened. I find myself wishing that guys were as mature about these things as women. I tell her that it's weird with Rick, and right then I hear the toilet flush. I quickly stuff my phone back in my pocket, not wanting to get caught and having to explain what I was texting about. Right after I put my phone away, I hear the beep from Margo's reply.

"You want to play another game, man?" I ask.

"Maybe later. Let's just watch some TV or something for a minute," he replies. He goes and grabs another beer. "You want another Dr. Pepper?"

"Sure, thanks." He comes back and hands me the can before flopping back on the couch. I flip channels on the TV, pausing to catch a basketball score before settling on a movie. We watch in relative silence, with an odd comment thrown in here and there. Inwardly I am starting to feel like shit. I'm totally fine if we never do anything sexual again, but I don't want our friendship to be permanently damaged by this. 

I suddenly remember that the movie we're watching is about to have a pretty hot lesbian sex scene, and I know I can't handle that level of awkwardness. I also feel my dick start to stir. I'm mortified at the thought of being aroused at that moment, but then I realize that I just really need to pee. Going to the bathroom will also allow me to skip the sex scene if I time it right, so I wait a moment before I tell Rick that I have to go. He just nods.

I breathe easier once I'm alone in the bathroom. I unzip my jeans, and as I'm relieving myself, I realize that I never saw Margo's last text. I pull out my phone and read it. "Hey, Tonya just told me that Rick liked what you did to him last week and is just worried that you will feel weird since he didn't reciprocate, and since he fucked me. Love you." I am overwhelmed by relief. As I shake my dick before stuffing it back in my jeans, I realize that I am back to being horny for Rick's cock, but now I feel much better about it. 

I head back to the living room with confidence. I had forgotten to take longer than I needed to in order to miss the sex scene, and it is going on when I get back. As I look over Rick's shoulder on my way back to the couch, I notice that his crotch is showing a definite bulge.

"Pretty hot, huh?" I ask him.

"Definitely. Although nothing compared to the live show we got last week," he says. There it is. The topic has finally been broached. He gives me a nervous smile. I grin back, happy to have it out there.

"Yeah, that was a pretty fun night," I say.

"Um, dude?" he says. "Is everything cool with us?"

"Sure. Why wouldn't it be? We all had a good time, right?"

"Yeah, I think so. Probably the coolest night of my life, to be honest. I just wanted to make sure you weren't pissed at me."

"Why would I be pissed? You didn't make me do anything I didn't want to."

"I meant about fucking Margo."

"Oh. No, that was fine. She wanted it and it was hot to get to watch her."

"Okay, cool," he says. He drinks the rest of his beer. "So yeah, the other thing..." He pauses, obviously unable come up with a tactful way of ascertaining my feelings concerning the fact that he had cum in my mouth.

"I wanted to suck your cock," I say, surprised by my own directness. "And I enjoyed doing it. A lot, actually." I look down, afraid to see his reaction.

"I liked it, too. It wasn't as weird as I thought it would be," he says. I take a minute to process this.

"So you had thought about it before?" I ask.

"Yeah."

"With me?"

"Yeah." I look up at him, and he looks nervous and excited. And his cock is clearly threatening to burst out of his pants. Without even thinking about it, I lean over and kiss him. He kisses me back, and our tongues are quickly in each other's mouths. It was definitely different than kissing a woman, feeling his stubble against my face. Although I never really fantasized about kissing a guy before, always focusing on more blatantly sexual acts, I was incredibly turned on. I feel his hand on my ass, squeezing it, and I shift a little to let him get a better feel. I reach down and feel his erection through his jeans, and I can't wait to get it in my mouth again. He surprises me by grabbing at my own hard dick, and I love the feeling.

This was different than the last time, since it was just us. Without the girls around, there was no getting around the fact that we were about to have some no question about it gay sex. I find the idea much more arousing than disturbing, and Rick shows no sign that it bothers him either. I break our kiss long enough to pull my shirt off and he does the same. 

I start kissing him again, running my hands over his bare chest, tweaking his nipples. He quivers a bit when I do, so I bend lower and begin sucking gently on his left nipple. It's much different than doing it to Margo, as Rick's nipples are barely a quarter as large and of course they aren't attached to perky tits. Nevertheless, it's fun to suck and nibble on them, and he seems to love it. I unzip his pants and reach for his cock. I lean in to suck it, but he pulls back. I look at him, slightly concerned that he has started to freak out. 

"Everything okay?" I ask.

"Yeah. I just thought maybe we should both go ahead and get naked. I mean, if you want," he says a bit nervously. I just smile at him, stand up, and pull off my pants. My cock appreciates being freed from the confines of my jeans, and it stands up even straighter and harder. Rick slides his pants to the floor, and then we just look at each other's naked bodies for a moment. I hope he likes what he sees as much as I do. 

I climb back on top of him and he kisses me passionately. I can feel his hard cock rubbing against mine, and it's an incredible feeling. I can't wait any longer to suck him, and so I slide down his body, giving his nipples a little bite on the way. When I reach his cock, I start by just licking the head and playing with his balls. He groans, "Please suck it. I really want you to. It felt so good last time." I am nothing if not obliging, so I happily swallow as much of his shaft as I can and begin bobbing up and down. It tastes amazing; sweaty and manly.

I feel so sexy being on my knees, trying to make him cum with just my oral talents. I continue to suck Rick's beautiful cock, relishing the taste of his precum as it starts to flow. Unlike the last time, I know that he wants this as much as I do, and I feel just as excited without any of the anxiety. He moans louder and I can tell he's about to cum. I look up at him, making sure he's watching me and seeing how much I'm enjoying this. 

"I'm going to cum," he tells me, and I just start sucking harder. Seconds later he fills my mouth with cum, so much that I can barely swallow it all. I gasp for air, and then lick my lips. I give his cock a few extra sucks, prolonging his pleasure and not wanting to miss any cum. "Feel good?" I ask as I lay down beside him on the couch. 

"Fuck man, that was amazing," he says. "Have you ever done that before?"

"Not until last week. Not with a real cock anyway. Just Margo's strapon."

"Margo has a strapon? Interesting."

I laugh. "I'm sure she'd be happy to show it to you if you want. I know she'd like to show it to Tonya."

"This just keeps getting better," he says, and I totally agree. We kiss again for a moment. Then I feel Rick's hand on my erect dick. "I want to suck you now," he says.

"Are you sure?" I ask.

"Positive," he answers. He pushes me onto my back and gets down on his knees. He doesn't waste any time and puts his mouth directly onto my dick. It feels great. His mouth is bigger than Margo's so he can fit a bit more of my cock in his mouth. His technique is more enthusiastic than it is skilled, but I'm definitely enjoying it. He rubs my balls and I shiver with pleasure. He seems to be enjoying it, although I'm not sure he's the wanton cock-slut that I apparently am. 

Rick continues to suck my cock for several minutes, and I start to feel a bit anxious. I have always had trouble coming from a blowjob for some reason, and I don't want him to think I'm not enjoying it. Besides, I have more I want to try tonight, and I'm afraid I will lose my nerve if I cum. "That feels awesome," I tell him, "but there's something else I want you to do."

He spits out my cock and asks, "What's that?"

"I want you to fuck me," I tell him. He stares at me for a long second.

"Are you sure?"

"Abso-fucking-lutely. I have been thinking about that all week. Do you want to?"

Rick stands up and walks away. I'm confused, but he comes right back with something in his hand. It's lube. He squirts some into his hand and then tosses me the bottle. I squirt a bunch into my hand and start fingering my asshole as he lubes up his cock. I remember how quickly he was able to go a second time the week before, and he's already hard again. I slip a second finger into my ass. I can't believe this is actually going to happen. 

"Have you done anal before?" I ask him. 

"Sure, lots of times. Tonya loves it," he says.

"Lucky. Margo's ass is too tiny, so I'm the only one who gets fucked up the ass at our house," I say.

"Well, maybe Tonya will let you if you want. I'm not sure I'm ready to try getting fucked yet."

"That's okay. I really love it. I can't wait to feel you inside me." I decide that I want to get fucked from behind, so I get on all fours on the couch, which puts my asshole right about the same height as his cock with him standing. I wiggle my ass at him. "Ready to fuck me?" He puts his cockhead against my asshole and starts pressing gently.

"Let me know if I'm hurting you," he says.

"I can take it. Please fuck me," I say. He pushes a little harder, and I feel the head of his cock pop past my sphincter and into my ass. It feels so different than the dildo, so much warmer. I can feel his cock throbbing against the walls of my ass, and I squeeze it by tightening my muscles. He pulls his cock back slightly, and I push back against him slightly. We continue this for a little while, him letting me control the pace. The last bit of pain falls away, and I am as turned on as I have ever been.

"Okay, you can really fuck me now," I tell him. 

Rick slams his cock all the way in until I feel his balls slap against my ass. I whimper and moan, and he begins really fucking me, still not too hard, but long slow strokes where most of his seven inches slides in and out of me each time. I do my best to clench my ass around his cock each time. "Oh fuck that feels good!" I yell.

"I know. Your ass is fucking hot," he tells me. He starts fucking me even faster, and I can tell he's going to cum soon. Suddenly he slams into me so hard I actually am pushed forward, and for the first time I feel a blast of cum inside me. I grab my cock and stroke it furiously as he slams into me gain. He lets out a loud moan, and I feel more cum in my ass. I start to cum as well, the orgasm starting in my prostate and spreading warmly through my body. Rick wraps his arms around me from behind. "Did you cum?" he asks.

"So much," I tell him. "That was so hot."

"It really was," Tonya says. Both Rick and I whip our heads around. Our wives are standing in the doorway. Margo has her hand in her pants and is clearly rubbing her clit. Tonya is just staring, but she looks flushed and aroused.
