 This chapter picks up immediately at the end of Last Friday Night Ch. 2

*****

"Strip, bitch," Margo tells Tonya playfully. Rick and I stare at each other. This night was getting crazier by the minute. I had just been fucked by another guy for the first time, and now I was going to get to watch Margo use her strapon on Tonya. "I can't wait to fuck your wife, Rick," she announces. Tonya begins taking off her clothes and is quickly standing in her matching pink bra and thong. Margo takes her tank top off, freeing her always perky breasts. She then slides her jeans and underwear down in one motion. Her pussy lips look delicious and I feel like I can see how wet she is. "Come on, get naked already," she says to Tonya. "I've been wanting more of that pussy all week." Tonya blushes, but does quickly lose the bra and panties. Her toned body looks very sexy. I realize she and I are the only ones who haven't fucked yet, and I wonder if that will change tonight. 

Margo pulls the straps of her harness tighter around her waist and ass. She starts stroking her cock suggestively at me and Rick. "I'm going to fuck your wife so hard, Rick. Harder than you fucked me last week, and maybe even harder than you just fucked my husband," she says. Rick just laughs. 

"Do you need some lube?" he asks.

"Yes, please," Tonya says nervously, and now we all laugh. Despite the fact that we were apparently a bunch of horny, bisexual sluts, I liked that we were still just friends having a good time. Margo lubes up her strapon, and Tonya reaches for the lube, but Margo tosses it away. "Don't I get any?" Tonya asks.

"I'll make sure you're wet enough," Margo says. She pushes Tonya back onto the couch, and then sinks to her knees. She leans in and begins to lick Tonya's pussy. "Mmm, so good," she says. "Baby, you have got to taste her," she says to me. I look at Rick, who is sitting back, lazily stroking his cock and just enjoying the show. He grins at me and gestures for me to help myself to some of his wife. I join my own wife on the floor in front of Tonya. I lean in and flick my tongue against her clit, and she moans softly. Margo's face is just below mine, and I kiss her hungrily. She tastes delightfully like pussy, and as we break our kiss, I slide my tongue into Tonya's pussy and get some of her juice straight from the source. Margo and I go back and forth between kissing and licking for a couple of minutes, until she suddenly stands up. "You ready to get fucked?" she asks Tonya.

"Oh god yes," Tonya replies. Margo pushes me aside and sticks her cock into Tonya. As always, she's aggressive and eager. Luckily, Tonya's pussy is sopping wet by now, so the dildo slides in with no resistance. Margo grabs Tonya's ankles and spreads her legs further apart, and she is quickly all the way inside. She leans over and the two girls kiss passionately as Margo continues to pound away. 

"Does that feel good?" Margo asks Tonya.

"It does, but please go a little slower," Tonya replies.

"Oh, I'm so sorry. Did I hurt you?" Margo says, and stops fucking. "I always get too excited when I have a penis."

"That's true," I interject. "She's very enthusiastic. Rick was actually much more of a gentleman when he was fucking me earlier."

"You love it when I fuck you hard," Margo says to me. "Do you want to stop?" she asks Tonya.

"No, but maybe I could be on top and control the pace a little," Tonya says. Margo immediately flops down next to her on the couch. Tonya climbs on top of her, and slowly lowers her pussy onto her cock. She then begins to slowly slide up and down on it. The two girls begin making out again, and this time their fucking seems more tender. It's extremely sexy to watch. Tonya's tight ass is right in front of my face as she's riding the strapon, and I just want to lean in and lick her asshole. I recall that Rick had mentioned earlier that she loved anal, so I decide to see if she's open to a little rimming. Margo isn't really into it, so I rarely get a chance to eat ass, but it's one of my favorite things. I get down lower on my knees and gently spread Tonya's ass cheeks apart. I stare at her cute little asshole, all tiny and puckered. I can also see her juices actually dripping down Margo's silicone cock. I push my face into her crack and begin gently licking her asshole. Tonya gasps, and I immediately pull back. 

"What happened?" Margo asks with her concern. 

"He's licking my ass," Tonya says.

"Is that okay?" I ask. I really hope I haven't crossed a line here.

"It feels amazing," she quickly reassures me. "I just wasn't expecting that. Please keep going, both of you." Margo thrusts her cock deep into Tonya's pussy and I bury my tongue as far into her ass as I can. I love the sheer dirtiness of eating ass. I am basically making out with Tonya's asshole, and my cock couldn't be harder. Apparently I'm not the only one, as Rick gets up and walks around to the back of the couch. Despite having already cum inside my mouth and ass tonight, he is ready for more. Tonya begins sucking his cock eagerly. She's getting action on three sides at this point, and seems thrilled by the experience. She stops sucking Rick long enough to scream out in ecstasy. 

"You want him to fuck your ass, Tonya?" Rick asks. She moans what sounds like a yes, although her mouth is too full to speak clearly. "Go for it, dude," he tells me. I look at Margo. Despite all the different kinds of boundaries that we have crossed recently, this would be the first time I had actually fucked someone else, and I need to know she's cool with it. I don't even have to ask the question, as she has clearly been thinking the same thing. She gives me a loving smile and nods her head. I stand up and frantically look for the lube. I find it quickly and slather it all over my cock, knowing that this is going to be very intense for Tonya. I have been working her asshole thoroughly with my tongue, so at least she's warmed up. I lube up my finger and gently push it inside her ass. She gives a little squeak, and I begin slowly working it back and forth. I pull my finger out and pour more lube onto my hand. Now I slide two fingers into her. I press against the walls of her ass, and I can feel Margo's cock pushing from inside her pussy. It's an amazing feeling, and I can't wait to have my cock inside her too.

I stand up on my knees to line up with Tonya's ass, and I push the head of my cock into her asshole as gently as possible. She screams, "Oh fuck," and I hesitate, but she pushes her ass backwards, forcing my cock deeper inside her. I very slowly work it back and forth, letting her get used to the sensation. Margo has slowed a bit to, and then Tonya begins rocking back and forth, filling her mouth and pussy with cock as she goes forward, and with my dick as she goes back. All four of us are fucking together now; parts of one eight-legged sex monster. 

The combination of the sheer freakiness of what is happening with the tightness of Tonya's ass means that I'm not going to last very long. Every time I thrust inside her, I can feel Margo's cock sliding out. Sometimes we become less synchronized, and we are both inside at the same time. I start to do this deliberately, and pretty soon we are both perfectly matching our strokes so we are both balls deep inside Tonya at the same time. I start to feel like I'm going to cum soon, but Tonya is ready now. 

"Oh fuck!" she screams, spitting out Rick's cock in the process. He grabs it and begins stroking it furiously. A few seconds later, he shoots all over Tonya's face. Some of his cum hits me in the chest. I love it. I make a noise somewhere in between a grunt and a moan, and just bury my cock as deeply as I can inside Tonya's ass and begin pumping cum inside. Although Margo is not being fucked or sucked at the moment, she screams out an orgasm as well. She does get some sensation from wearing the strapon, and I guess that was enough to push her over the edge, combined with the mental turn on of the bisexual gangbang. 

We all just stay in place for a moment, savoring the feeling. I feel incredibly close to all three of them right now. I look down over Tonya's shoulder and smile tenderly at Margo. She smiles back, and I feel like the luckiest guy in the world. I look over at Rick, and he is looking at Tonya's cum-soaked face adoringly. Tonya herself looks like she might have momentarily passed out from the experience, but she has a blissful expression on her face. I slowly pull my cock out of her ass, and gently take her by the shoulders and lift her off of Margo. Rick takes her from me and he half carries her over to the other couch. I can see my cum leaking out of her ass, and it reminds me that I have Rick's cum dripping out of my own ass as well. I realize that I'm somehow still horny. However, at the moment I'm content to sink down next to Margo and cuddle. We both whisper "I love you," to the other.

"So, how did you like getting fucked by a guy?" she asks me quietly.

"I fucking loved it. It was amazing," I say without hesitation. For just a moment, the shadow of something negative crosses her face, some moment of jealously, hurt or worry.

"You do still want me more, right?" she asks in a tiny voice.

I squeeze her tightly to my chest. "Of course, baby. I loved getting fucked by Rick, just like you did, and I loved fucking Tonya, just like you did. But I'm in love with you, not them."

"I know that. I love you too. I just get jealous when I see you getting that much pleasure from someone else."

"If you don't ever want it to happen again, it won't. I care more about you than anything."

"Do you really mean that?"

"Absolutely."

"In that case, I hope we can do it again. I had a lot of fun. It was actually pretty hot, seeing you get fucked like that." She gives me a big smile. 

"Thanks, baby. I would have been fine giving up sex with anyone else, but I admit I would have missed cock, now that I've tried it." The two of us cuddle closer, just enjoying the intimacy for a while.

"Hey, Margo," Tonya calls out softly.

"Yes, sweetie?"Margo answers.

"Can I borrow your dick?"

"Of course. You want to try it the other way around?"

"I do want that, but I was actually hoping I could try it on Rick first. He's the only one who hasn't gotten fucked yet."

"Ooh, fun. I can't wait to see that." Margo gets up and unstraps the dildo. She then walks over to Tonya and hands it to her. "Do you want me to help you put it on?"

"Yes, please," Tonya says with a giggle and stands up. Margo gets down on her knees, pausing to take a taste of Tonya's nipple, and begins strapping the dildo in place. I enjoy looking at Tonya's fit, sexy body as she turns around to let Margo finish with the straps, and as always I am aroused by the sight of an attractive woman with a dick. Tonya looks down and sees Margo sucking on the dildo. "Mmm, I think I like having a cock," she says. "Look baby, don't I look good like this?" she says to Rick. He nods nervously.

"Are you really going to fuck me with that?" he asks.

"Yes, I think you need to feel what it's like. Don't be scared, you know you're going to love it. Get on your knees, baby," she orders. Rick does as she asks, getting down on the floor, but not really sticking his ass out. I can tell he isn't sure he really wants this, but it's awfully hard to say no considering everything that has happened so far.

"Okay, but someone needs to make sure my ass is ready for this," Rick says. Tonya looks at me, and I know what she wants me to do. I am happy to oblige. I get down behind Rick, spread his cheeks, and begin rimming him. He lets out a surprised gasp, and I stick my tongue into his asshole. 

"God you are a nasty slut, baby," Margo says to me. I am too busy enjoying Rick's ass to answer. It's different than eating a girl's ass because of the hair, but I still love it. He apparently loves it too, as he is wiggling and moaning with pleasure. 

"He's good at that, isn't he?" Tonya asks. She pushes the dildo into Rick's face. "Time for you to suck a cock."

"I already did that for real earlier," he says.

"Oh wow, sorry I missed that. Show me how you did it." She sticks the dildo in his mouth. He wraps his hand around the shaft and begins sucking it. I am still licking his ass, and I begin pressing my finger against his tight asshole. It's hard to get it inside, and I stick my finger into my mouth to get it nice and wet. When I try again, I am able to penetrate him. With my finger now fucking his ass, it's harder to rim him, although I still get a few licks in. I reach underneath to feel his hardening cock.

"I think he's getting into this, Tonya," I say.

"Is that right? Do you like sucking cock and getting fucked?" Tonya asks Rick. He nods and tries to reply, but can't talk with the dildo in his mouth. I am playing with his cock and balls, and I can feel him getting hard. I am too, which is crazy considering how much sex there had already been that night. 

"Hey, hand me the lube," I say to Margo. She grabs it and gives it to me. I squirt some onto my fingers and Rick's asshole without removing my finger from his ass. I get a second finger inside him and start fucking him harder. "I think he's ready for your cock now," I tell Tonya. She is obviously ready too, and she pulls the dildo out of his mouth and walks around to where I am playing with his ass. I grab the dildo and give it a few sucks, before I line it up with Rick's ass. 

"Are you ready for this?" Tonya asks Rick. He nods, but is clearly almost as nervous as he is excited. I rub his cock, and I can feel that it is getting a little soft. She pushes the tip of the dildo into his ass, and he exhales sharply. "Are you okay?" she asks.

"Yeah, it's good. Just intense," he replies. She smiles and pushes a little more into him. His dick is pretty soft in my hand. I get down on the floor and put his whole dick in my mouth. It's very different than sucking a hard cock, but still very enjoyable. He quickly begins to get hard again, and I can feel Tonya picking up her pace. 

"You are turning into such a good little cocksucker, baby," Margo says to me. I am unable to offer a counterargument with my mouth full of Rick, so I just hope that she is as turned on by all of this as I am. I think she is, because she walks over to Tonya and gives her a deep kiss. I decide that I should give my wife some attention too, so I spit out Rick's now fully engorged cock and get out from underneath him. I get on my knees and begin licking Margo's pussy. "Mmm, that feels so good," she says. She tastes amazing. Honestly, my wife's pussy is my favorite flavor in the world. She has an orgasm within a minute, screaming so loudly that I wonder if the police will be making an appearance. "I need you to fuck me now," she says.

"How do you want me to do it?" I ask.

"I want to ride you," she says. There is a big couch cushion on the floor next to me that has gotten knocked over at some point during the night's depravity, and I lay on top of it. Margo climbs aboard and is so wet she just slides down my cock with no resistance. She begins to writhe on top of me, taking charge of the speed at which we fuck. I pinch her swollen nipples as I look up at her. She's so sexy right now. She gasps from the pinching, and reaches down to tweak my own nipples. 

I look over at Rick and Tonya, and she is still pounding his ass with the strapon. They are right next to us, with him on all fours and her on her knees behind him. Her and Margo are about eye level, and I see them looking at each other. They both lean in and start kissing passionately. I look over at Rick, and see his face is flush from the pain and pleasure of having his ass fucked for the first time. I lift Margo up slightly so I can maneuver a bit. It's easy with her being so tiny, and my cock never comes all the way out. I manage to get my head close to Rick and I kiss him. He's startled at first, since he had been so focused on being fucked, but he quickly starts to kiss me back. Now we are all making out and fucking at the same time, and it's incredible. I pull my mouth away from Rick and slide over a bit more. The girls are still kissing and are now caressing each other's breasts. Margo takes one of Tonya's nipples in her mouth and begins to suck it.

I get underneath Rick and start sucking his cock again. I begin fucking Margo harder while at the same time fingering Tonya's pussy from underneath. Rick manages to catch one of Margo's nipples in his mouth and sucks it. She reaches down and shoves her finger up my ass, which is still full of cum. Now all of us are getting pleasure from multiple angles. Tonya has my fingers in her pussy, Margo's mouth on her lips and breasts, and her clit rubbing against the strapon. Rick is getting his ass fucked by Tonya, his cock sucked by me, and has a mouthful of my wife's nipple. Margo is still riding my cock, is kissing and licking Tonya, and has her tits being sucked by Rick. As for me, I've got my cock inside Margo, her finger pounding my asshole, and my mouth wonderfully full of Rick's cock. We manage to keep this up for about a minute before we all begin to orgasm, nearly simultaneously. 

Rick goes first, flooding my mouth with cum. I am so turned on by this that I immediately start cumming inside Margo. I thrust into her so hard that she begins cumming as well. At the same time I also finger Tonya hard enough that she cries out with her own orgasm. For a moment we all just stay in place, helplessly entangled with each other, breathing hard but not talking. All of us are completely worn out from the long night of fucking, but no one is quite ready to break away from the group. There is a genuine feeling of closeness and intimacy that I wouldn't have thought possible with four people. 

Eventually we all just sort of slide apart. Margo snuggles up beside me on the floor, and I wrap my arms around her. Even though I know we are both full-fledged bisexuals now, and I'm sure we will continue to explore our sexuality both together and with other people, I also know more than ever that we are perfect for each other. I look over at Rick and Tonya, and I can see that they are just as happy as we are. I feel incredibly lucky to have been part of something like this. I wonder if this will become a regular thing or not, and find that I am happy either way. However, I quickly get an answer to my question.

"So, what are you guys doing next weekend?" Margo asks, and we all laugh.

This will be the last chapter of this particular story. I will hopefully have many more stories soon. I appreciate everyone that has voted and favorited my stories so far, and I would love any comments or feedback. I hope I have turned all of you on.