 YES! YES! YES! Continue!

You're such a tease! I'm sitting here with my pussy all wet and you have to leave for work? You should have called in sick and CALLED ME to tell me every detail! Now I'm sitting at my desk and I may just have to go to the restroom and get some relief!

I was planning to come to New York in June, but after reading your email, I'm trying to find a flight for next week. Maybe the four of us can have some fun? (I know I'm married but I haven't had sex in TWO YEARS!)

________________________________________________

From: Adam & Jennifer Quick 
Sent: April 12, 2013 10:42 AM
To: Katherine
Subject: Re: Last Night Was AMAZING!

Yes, next week would be just fine. I'm sure after last night, Adam and Sean would be into just about anything. Two years? That is insane.

Let's see, where did I leave off...

So Adam and Sean had just lifted me onto the table and ripped off all my clothes. It is was so hot and sexy to have four hands on me, undressing me so quickly. As soon as they had undressed, they just kinda stood there, taking me all in. It's like they were standing in front of a buffet and they didn't know where to begin. Then, all of a sudden they both dove in to devour me!

I saw Sean's face headed toward my pussy and Adam moved my face to the side. As soon as Adam's cock slid into my mouth, Sean's tongue slid over my slit. I moaned loudly.

It was all so surreal. When Adam suggested we invite Sean for dinner, I had no idea I was going to become dessert. I'm still having a hard time processing it all. I'm just going to do my best to write down all the details for you.

Sean knows how to lick a pussy. He never rushed, even though we were all losing our minds with lust. He licked and kissed softly from my left thigh to my slit, and then he went back and softly kissed and licked and nibbled from my right thigh to my slit. He was teasing me and it was driving me crazy.

The entire time, Adam just slowly slid his hot, hard cock in and out of my mouth. He tenderly moved my hair away from my face so he could watch himself disappear into my mouth. I looked up at Adam and he was watching Sean lick me.

Oh God...my panties are already soaked and I've only written a few paragraphs. Thankfully my boss called in sick today. Hopefully no one else will come in here because I know I'm flushed.

Sean slid his tongue into my slit and licked all the way up and then very, very softly licked my clit. I moaned loudly with Adam's cock in my mouth. I started to suck on him faster and harder. I was really trying to take my time but there was no way. It is SO hard to suck on a cock slowly when there is a hot tongue on your clit.

Sean continued to softly lick and suck on my clit, getting progressively more aggressive. My legs were starting to twitch whenever his tongue flicked my clit, which was becoming more often. I couldn't suck on Adam at this point. I grabbed his hot shaft and tried my best to stroke him while I was writhing around on the table.

I looked up at Adam with desperation in my eyes. "Adam, will you please put Sean's cock into your wife?"

The look Adam gave me was...hard to describe. Lust, pleasure, fantasy come true? He just gave me this look and then leaned over and kissed me in a very, very passionate, intense way.

"Yes my love. I want you to know I love you with all my heart."

Sean finally stopped licking my pussy and he stood up. He hooked my thighs with his strong arms and pulled me down to the edge of the table. He then positioned himself in front of me. I sat up and rested on my elbows. I wanted to see.

Adam walked over to Sean and without looking at each other, he put his right hand on my thigh and pulled my leg to spread my legs further apart, and with his left hand he grabbed Sean's rock hard cock and guided it toward my pussy.

Sean thrust forward a little and Adam moved his cock up and down against my slit to get the tip of Sean's raging hard on wet, and then Adam placed Sean at the opening of my pussy. He then reach around and pushed Sean's lower back to push him into me.

HOLY. FUCK.

Having your husband shove another man into you is...fucking sexy.

I was so wet that Sean penetrated me and slowly filled me with one long, slow thrust.

My toes curled. I only remember because Adam started to kiss my toes as Sean started to slide in and out of me.

As you know, every man has a different rhythm and a different style when they fuck you. Because Adam is my husband we often make love missionary style because we both love to kiss so much. It is intimate and passionate.

Sean was fucking me. It was rougher and more aggressive. His cock was also different from Adam's. He was longer but thinner so his thrusts were longer and we seemed to crash into one another on each and every thrust.

I had to lay back on the table because his thrusts were hurting my elbows.

"My turn," Adam said.

Sean pulled out slowly and then Adam stood between my legs. He slid himself into me with a slow thrust, only to coat his cock with my pussy juices. He started to ram me almost as hard as Sean was.

I sat up and grabbed the back of his neck. I had to kiss him. Our kiss was sloppy because he wouldn't stop thrusting. I laid back down and closed my eyes.

He pulled out and stepped to the side. Sean moved over, put himself into me and started to pound me. They didn't have to talk, they were a team and they knew exactly what they wanted to do to me.

Adam walked over next to me and started to suck and massage my breasts, and then kissed me passionately. Having Adam kiss me while another man fucked me...well...I had to ask another question.

"I'm going to cum. Will you suck my cum off Sean's cock?"

Adam paused and looked into my eyes. He didn't want a cock in his mouth. He had always told me that in the past. He always wanted to watch me fuck a man but he didn't want to get involved. He always said he just wanted to watch.

Adam looked me in the eyes, "Yes."

I came instantly. Knowing that he would do what he absolutely hated for me was so erotic. I couldn't hold back my orgasm and I had one of the most intense orgasms of my life. I came so hard that Sean grabbed me behind my neck and thrust in harder, just to stay inside of me.

Adam got on his knees and held my hand. He wasn't going to go to Sean, Sean was going to have to come to him for this. Sean walked over and I could see my creamy cum all over his rock hard cock. Adam grabbed Sean's cock and took a few breaths. He shook his head, struggling with what he was going to do. He looked up at Sean.

"Don't thrust or grab my head or any shit like that."

Adam looked at me and said, "I love you and I'm doing this for you," and then he turned and took Sean into his mouth.

OH. MY. GOD.

My hot, sexy, manly husband was sucking my cum off another man's cock.

FUCK. I'll BRB

Sorry, I had to go to the restroom and cum. Geez. Just thinking about last night gets me so hot. I had to stop or I was going to cum right here in my cubicle, just like I did this morning. I don't need my co-workers listening to me cum.

OK, let's see...

So Adam sucked on Sean for a just long enough to get all my cum off of his dick, and then he immediately stood up and kissed me again. The taste of Adam, Sean, and my cum all mixed on my tongue...aaaand my panties are soaked again.

"It's your turn to suck his cock," Adam said. This wasn't the sweet Adam, this was the primal Adam. The switch was flipped and now Adam was the intense fucking Adam.

Adam went down between my legs and Sean moved toward my face. The two of them flipped me over awkwardly. I was still laying on the table, but the corner of the table was across my stomach. My breasts were dangling off the table. I had to grab Sean's cock for balance. Adam moved my left leg up on the table and  my right foot was on the floor.

Adam then shoved his rock hard cock into me and he grabbed my waist tightly and started to slam into me. His balls were slapping my clit, and my breasts bounced with every thrust. It took a few sucks but soon we were all in the same rhythm, and each thrust from Adam would help me suck on Adam.

It felt like we were in this position for an hour, but I know it was much less than that. It was just so perfect. Symbiotic. Three people moving as one. My husband's hot cock slamming into my pussy and Sean's hot cock tapping the back of my throat. What more could a woman want?

Then, in almost an instant, Adam grabbed me by the hair, shoulders, and arms, and pulled me all the way up until I was standing with my back to his chest. We were both sweaty and our hot skin become one when we came together. I could feel his wet shaft pressed up against my ass. His hands were all over my tits.

"You like two cocks in you, don't you slut?" Adam said in his sex voice. When Adam gets really turned on, his voice drops and he he almost growls as he speaks. That's when he really starts to talk dirty. I call it his sex voice and it turns me on!

I didn't even have a chance to answer.

"Sean, sit on the couch," Adam ordered.

Sean was having the night of his life so of course he listened.

Adam's hands were like magnets all over my skin. He couldn't get enough of me at that moment. He then reach up, grabbed me by the hair and walked me over to Sean.

Adam's lips grazed my ear and he said, "You climb up on him and make his cock feel amazing, you gorgeous whore."

How could I resist? I climbed up on Sean and straddled him. I positioned his cock on my pussy and lowered myself onto him, letting him fill me again. I started to ride him slowly, concentrating on my movements. I wanted my husband to be pleased with me. I wanted to make Sean's cock feel amazing.

I grabbed the back of the couch and started to ride a little faster. I looked over my right shoulder but I didn't see Adam. I assumed he had been watching all this time. I turned back toward Sean when he took my left nipple into his mouth. I pulled him close to me and continued to let his awesome cock slide in and out of me.

Adam walked back into the room. I noticed him but I didn't turn around. I didn't want deprive Sean from sucking on my soft, warm breasts and hard nipples. Adam slapped my ass several times, causing me to clench around Sean. I let out a groaning grunt as the spanking made me grind down on Sean with an intensity that I had not had before. The grinding made my clit rub up against Sean which then drove me even more mad with desire. I was ready to cum again, but the spanking stopped.

I again looked over my shoulder at Adam and I noticed he was rubbing something on his dick.

I suddenly realized what Adam was about to do. I heard the bottle of lube snap closed and I started to grind Sean even harder, knowing what was coming.

Adam and I have anal sex often. At least once a week. I love the way it feels and he enjoys doing it. There are even nights when he will cum once in my pussy, and then quickly turn me over and before he has a chance to get soft, he is shoving himself into my ass. The tightness around his cock keeps him hard and he can cum again after a few minutes of fucking me in my tight little ass.

He was about to fuck my ass while I rode Sean.

Adam's strong hand pushed on my back and my hot breasts pressed against Sean. I kissed Sean's neck and lift my ass as much as possible without having Sean slip out of me, and then I waited with anticipation. Sean's hands reached down and spread my ass cheeks apart. I loved how Adam and Sean were a team and how they knew what the other one was thinking and helped one another. There was so few words that were spoken last night. It was all fluid and intuitive.

I felt the tip of Adam's cock press up against my asshole, and I softly bit on Sean's shoulder. Adam grabbed my shoulders and leaned forward, his cock steadily pressing against me. I relaxed as much as possible and slowly I felt the tip of his cock push into me. I let out a scream as the tip of his cock popped inside of me.

Staring Sean in the eye, I moaned, "All the way in Adam. Fuck my ass."

I wanted to feel both of them inside of me at the same time, and I wanted to cum with them. I let out a loud moan as Adam shoved himself into me with each thrust.

The pleasure and the pain swirled inside of me like a tornado. My moans quickly turned to yells as I could feel Adam and Sean's cocks moving inside of me at different speeds. Adam was thrusting in deep and hard and Sean was thrusting slow and shallow because he was trapped underneath me. I could feel his breath all over my neck and his hands still grabbed my ass, trying to move me up and down on his cock.

Adam was thrusting so hard and the pain was so intense that my arms collapsed and I crumpled on top of Sean's sweaty body. I was a slutty rag doll and I loved it.

I had been fighting back the orgasm since Adam entered my ass and now I needed relief. My orgasm continued to build, and build. I could tell it was going to be insane.

"Cum...I want both of...your cum in me," I struggled to say as I was getting pounded. Right away I heard Adam start to grunt and groan, and then immediately after I heard Sean groan underneath me. I could feel both of their cocks start to swell inside of me. Adam pounded me hard several more times and then everything slowed down.

Sean's let out a groan as his hot cum shot deep into my pussy, which caused me to immediately start to cum as soon as I felt it flood into me. I came so hard that my legs kinda locked up and I almost pushed myself off of Sean, but then Adam then started to cum into my ass and he shoved me back down onto Sean. I was pinned and I was having the most intense orgasm of my life. We were screaming and cumming and gasping for breath. Their hands were tight on me as they continued to shove their cum as deep into me as possible.

As soon as it was over, Adam collapsed on my back, which pushed my lips close to Adam. I instinctively started to kiss him, looking to be intimate and touch anyone and everyone.

Imagine my surprise when Adam leaned up and joined in! The three of us were kissing and tonguing each other. It was so fucking hot!

We fell asleep on the floor, next to the couch, too drunk and tired to make it to the bedroom. I spooned Sean and David spooned me. Before I fell asleep, Sean reached back and put his hand on my hip. I put my hand on his and David put his hand on mine. It was complete perfection.

So that was my amazing night last night. I'm going to run to the restroom so I can cum again. I've been at the office three hours and I haven't done a damn thing but write this email

Please email me when you have the flight information available. I can't wait to see you so WE can make some more AMAZING nights.