 ******************

Author's Note: Many thanks to my editor hkf999. I appreciate your steady hand and steely eye.

This is just another summer camp story. I have several of them, published and yet-to-be published, and they all happen in the same place. In my head, anyway. Enjoy! 

******************

Summer camp was a great adventure for me. First as a camper and later as a counselor, some of my most vivid memories come from that YMCA camp near the Ohio River. This particular memory, though intense, is still a little fuzzy. I've tried to fill in the iffy parts for continuity.

A summer at camp is about 2 weeks longer for the counselors than for the kids. The opening week is full of cleaning, painting, setting up cabins and clearing campsites around the large state park. Consequently, the final week is full of shutting down the place and doing all the first-week activities in reverse. It's much easier to put it all away since we don't have to completely shut the place down or repaint anything. The work is easy and with no kids around it is a completely different atmosphere.

On the last night, before we scatter on the coming autumn winds, there is a bit of a feast and then a fair amount of drinking and fooling around. My last night of my last summer at that camp was one to remember.

I've always looked older than I am and it wasn't too tough to find a liquor store that would sell me a huge bottle of cheap vodka at the age of 19. Victor, my cabin mate and partner in crime, and I had that stashed away a few days earlier in the hopes of hosting a giant party at our place. Things didn't work out quite that way.

Victor's steady girl Libby decided they were going to shut themselves in, presumably for some naughty fun, so the party had to go elsewhere. We siphoned off a bit of the bottle for Victor and then I was out on my own, looking for some fun with a half-gallon of booze and 3 condoms in my pocket. Locked, cocked and ready to rock, doc. Off to the women's unit I went, hoping to crash a gaggle of girlies with the promise of excessive alcohol consumption and my charming presence. 

I found them in the lodge, the large building in the center of the unit used for gatherings and indoor activities when the weather was rotten. A couple of other guys had found this estrogen spring before me but there were still plenty of ladies to go around. The room gave a cheer as I pulled the cheap spirit from my backpack and cups were pushed at me from all directions. I filled each one while I looked for a likely place to settle in. I chose a spot between Karen, the camp hippie, and Valerie, who I can't really pigeon hole as easily as Karen. Val was a little quiet and some might say aloof, though I suspected 'aloof' was a lot closer to 'shy.' She was pretty enough, with an explosion of freckles across her face and deep amber hair that was a bit too long and out of control. Hell, by the end of the summer just about everybody is pretty shaggy so it's not like she was out of place for needing a haircut. She had a nice little body, too. Whatever her issues, I decided to see if the alcohol might bring her out of her shell...or knock down her barriers, whatever the case might be.

I had a bit of experience with Karen's topography. She and I had fooled around a little in the past though we hadn't gone all the way. She was a lusty wench, full of life and creativity. She was very much at home in the wild, even though she exuded a certain urban mystique with her heavy eyeliner and punk-rock clothing style. The combat boots did nothing for me but the rest of her was just fine. She was just slightly voluptuous but it only made her curvy, a fact she seemed to want to hide with her dark, baggy clothes. When we had pawed around in the dark near the start of the summer I had the wonderful experience of discovering that she was hiding some lovely, heavy tits under there. I was hoping to discover them again.

It was a lively group before the vodka, but after the alcohol injection it just got more rowdy. The two guys had already paired up with their girls and as the alcohol flowed they became progressively more touchy-feely, and eventually they took off into the dark to find a cabin in which to continue their activities. That left me with my bookends and a couple more women who were getting sleepy. They had all brought sleeping bags with the obvious intent of sleeping en masse in the lodge but I was hoping to get at least one of them alone.

As the other two women drifted off it became clear that both Karen and Val had intentions on me. They were both very awake and had been touching me more often, and for longer periods, just a hand on the arm or knee, but with obvious intentions behind the seemingly innocent contact. I returned their attentions equally, unsure in my drunken state how to proceed. Turns out I couldn't screw it up.

"Ladies," I said, stumbling to my feet, "I think I need to find a place to rest my weary head. What cabin should I go to?" That was a fairly unsubtle version of 'Your place, or hers?'

They both rose unsteadily and accompanied me and the vodka out into the night. To this day I couldn't tell you which cabin we went to but in a few moments we burst noisily into one of the World War 2 era structures and tumbled in a pile onto the nearest cot. It wasn't an especially sexy pile; I caught Valerie's elbow in my belly and I think Karen gave me a glancing head-butt as she fell on top of me. I groaned in mostly mock pain and they laughed at my misery.

The tone took a quick turn after the giggles died away as we took stock of the situation. I was on my back on the cot with Karen half on top of me, her head near mine and her body to my right and on the cot. Val was further down, her head near my belly, though she was pretty much on her knees on the floor. All the touching and flirting reached its natural conclusion then, and in a moment my lips were pressed to Karen's while Val's hand started snaking up the leg of my shorts, hunting for my cock.

Karen was a sloppy kisser, even when not drunk, and her full lips slid and slipped across mine as our tongues flickered against each other. She adjusted her position a bit and bumped her teeth into mine, causing a bit of pain and another fit of giggles from her, but by that point Val was massaging my swelling dick in my boxers. I touched her hair with my left hand to make sure she didn't feel left out, and while I wished I could have fondled Karen with my other hand it was well pinned under her. I might have been able to wiggle a thumb against her zipper, but until she moved a bit there wasn't much I could do.

"I want to see your tits," I said in between Karen's sloppy assaults on my mouth. Apparently she liked that plan as she sat up quickly with a sexy smile on her pale features and started to undo her blouse. That's when she noticed that Valerie was in the process of unzipping my pants, and that only deepened the lustful smile on her face. The blouse came off, then the bra, and for the first time I got a look at her breasts. Heavy and round, they hung from her like ripe fruit begging to be plucked, her large nipples nearly screaming for my attention.

I lifted my butt off the cot to help Valerie slide my shorts off just as Karen leaned forward, moving up on the cot to dangle her prodigious tits over my face. I felt Val's hand wrap around the base of my thickening member at the same time Karen lowered a few pounds of soft flesh right on my face. I went to work on those heavenly tits in a hurry, cupping and caressing them with my now-free hand while opening wide to engulf a sweet, salty nipple. Valerie took my cock into her mouth and my gasp was muffled by the feast of flesh on my face. I spared a hand for her, groping down my front for a moment before I found her hand. She held my hand almost tenderly as she rolled the head of my cock around her mouth with her tongue.

My right hand went exploring, slipping easily down Karen's baggy shorts and into her panties. I wiggled a finger down into her folds and found her pussy hot and wet, eager for my attention. She purred gently as I slowly rubbed her clit, my face still overfull with her tits. I was in heaven. 

My cock became rigid quickly under the influence of Valerie's mouth and hand and soon she was jerking me off slowly while nursing the end of my prick. I wished I could see her pretty freckled face split around my dick but there was still a curtain of Karen in the way and I was still too enthralled with her charms to want anything to change. Karen was swaying her hips a bit as I teased her clit, occasionally slipping a finger into her pussy. We kept that pose for a while but before long I started to get greedy.

"The first one of you to get completely naked gets the first orgasm," I said after freeing my mouth from the avalanche of boobs. I didn't expect them to jump up quite so fast, and I got another thump in the gut as Karen crawled over me to get into the open. Karen had the benefit of being topless already but she had about a thousand laces on her combat boots and Val was wearing unlaced deck shoes that she could kick off in half a second.

I sat up and took off my T-shirt while they disrobed quickly, and sure enough Valerie was the winner by far. She stood there, completely nude before Karen even had one boot off. She was lovely, her pale flesh covered in scattered freckles, her perky young tits high and a little pointy with puffy nipples. She was a bit petite but by no means miniature and as I took the rest of my clothes off to join her in full nudity I was happy she got there first.

"Shit! No fair!" Groused Karen as she finally dropped the first boot to the floor.

"You'll get yours," I said with a wink. I stepped up to Val and held her in my arms, kissing her deeply. She was a delicate kisser so I had to tone it down a little, but her lips were every bit as nice as Karen's. 

"How do you want it?" I whispered into her ear, one hand fondling her bare breast.

"From behind," she said quietly. Perfect!

Karen had dropped her other boot and wiggled out of her shorts and was now propped up at the head of the cot with the pillow behind her, her knees pulled up and fingering herself as she watched us. I moved Val over to the cot and bent her over, facing Karen. I was hoping they might engage in some action on their own but my primary goal was to slip inside that girl as soon as possible. She took my direction and crawled onto the cot on her knees, her face very close to Karen's pussy. I took my position behind her and wasted no time shoving my wide cock into her eager slit.

She squealed a little as I entered her, covering her mouth to keep any other such outbursts inside. She was nice and tight and I might have enjoyed being slow and gentle with her any other time, but I wasn't especially subtle just then. I moved back, watching her pussy cling to my cock as I pulled almost all the way out, then slammed it back home hard. Again she grunted, and this time she fell forward onto Karen's belly. Karen put her arms around Val's head as I started to pound away at the freckled fuck toy on the end of my cock, driving her quickly into a state of frenzy. 

As I fucked her like a wild man I was pushing her further up Karen's body until she was almost laying on top of the busty girl. Karen watched us fuck with a fascinated look on her face, half lust and half intrigue. She held Val against her as I continued to drill as hard as I could. My balls were slapping against Val's clit with every thrust and I think that's what pushed her over the edge.

The tone of her wailing voice, muffled against Karen's massive tits, rose in pitch and intensity, signaling Valerie's impending orgasm. I held her hips tightly and maintained my pace, my cock sliding in and out of her belly over and over. In a few moments, it was upon her. She gripped Karen hard and buried her face in her chest, now muffling outright screams. Her body spasmed and bucked and only my strong grip on her hips kept her from thrashing loose. Sweat dripped off my nose and onto her ass as I continued to fuck her, and still she wailed and screamed in orgasmic fury. Karen was in heaven, enjoying this front row seat and hoping she was about to get the same.

I could have come then, wrapped tightly in Valerie's snug little snatch and watching the feast of flesh in front of me, but I wanted that evening to last as long as possible and I knew that with all that alcohol in my veins I was likely to pass out if I came, so I held back. I was thankful when Val started to come down because the longer she thrashed on my cock the harder it was to hold back. 

Her wailing turned to moaning, then descended to groaning as I slowed my pace, then settled into a contented mewling as I let her slip down off my cock to the cot, cradled in Karen's arms. Karen wrapped her legs around the smaller woman and held her gently, a hell of a sexy sight and a nice little break before the next step in the carnal carnival. I settled back on the cot to catch my breath.

"Still got some of that for me?"

"Plenty. You two look nice together." I'm not smooth when I'm drunk, but I'm very optimistic. Valerie didn't disappoint. She was already pretty much on top of Karen's tits and it was little effort to lean over a bit and flick her tongue against a nipple with a lecherous glance at me. 

"Naughty girls," I chided gently as I reached for Karen's ankles. I grabbed her leg and pulled, encouraging her to scoot down and make herself available to me. She took the hint and let go of Val who slowly rose from the bed and stood aside, watching. Karen was on her back with her legs up and I wasted no time diving in to her depths.

We both groaned with the pleasure of that feeling, the first insertion. I held it in as deep as it would go for a few moments, just savoring her pussy. Her ankles in my hands, I split her legs wide and started moving, slowly pumping my cock into her willing depths. She smiled and closed her eyes, relaxing and ready to enjoy the ride. Valerie moved in and took my face in her hands, kissing me with a little more force than before and roaming my flesh with her hands.

I'll admit, I wasn't much of a stallion at that point. I was drunk, tired and I had already held back from one orgasm, so I wasn't really in the mood to make a marathon session out of it. Still, I felt like I owed Karen some release before I shot my wad over her tits. I remembered a technique I read about earlier and decided to try it out.

Using very slow, languid strokes, I pushed in as deep as I could, then pulled almost all the way out. Nines times. Then, eight times, and for the ninth thrust I slammed it home fast and hard. Karen squealed in surprise as I rocked her body. I progressed, exchanging another slow thrust for a hard slam every time. Karen squealed again at two and three hard thrusts, then started moaning in anticipation for the next attack. Her noises became louder and more plaintive as I fucked her harder and the slow thrusts faded away. By the final series she was wailing her lust into the dark night.

I could probably have kept going and pushed her over the edge, but that had worked so well I wanted to do it again. I started the sequence over again, going back to nine slow strokes. Val was still swapping spit with me and I was enjoying that very much, but I thought she might be feeling left out so I dropped Karen's left ankle and sent my hand in search of Val's naughty bits.

Imagine my surprise when I found Karen's hand already two fingers deep in Val's pussy! Nice! I pulled away from Val's Mouth to get a good look at them.

"Damn you girls are fuckin' hot!" I went right back to tonsil hockey with Val and continued the cycle, slow with a few fast, slow and fast, then mostly fast, and finally nothing but full cock-length plunges into Karen's hungry pussy, once again drawing moans and groans from the busty girl.

I went after her for all I was worth, knowing I was about out of steam and hoping she was getting her satisfaction. I fucked her hard and strong, slapping my body into hers and sending her big tits flying. I had to break away from Val to really throw myself into it, but I had a plan for her still.

Karen was shrieking like a banshee and I hoped that was her orgasm because mine was upon me. A few last thrusts for good measure and I pulled out. I jumped off the cot and moved up to stand next to Karen, jerking my cock over her big tits as my body tensed for the explosion. The first blast landed on her pale flesh with an audible 'splat!,' reaching to her far nipple and dripping down into her deep cleavage. The second landed squarely on the other tit in a pile of thick white goo, followed by several smaller gouts, then dribbles, each one like a lightning bolt running through my body. I wiped the last drop on her nipple and looked at what I had done.

Karen's wide tits were streaked with my jism, a happy and contented look on her pretty face. Valerie was on the other side of the cot and had fallen to her knees beside Karen. She was licking my load off those wide, heavy tits and it was sexy as hell. Karen had her fingers splayed through Valerie's hair and was enjoying her gentle tongue.

I swear to God I don't know why I did it. I'll blame the booze and the fact that I was probably never going to see these girls again, but whatever the reason I felt like I wanted to be a part of that little scene. I went down on my knees and took one of Karen's big nipples, sloppy with my own cum, into my mouth. The girls reacted well and Valerie came over to help me, and soon I was half kissing Val, half licking Karen's tits, and completely enjoying myself.

We rolled around in that sticky mess of a while, licking and kissing whatever was handy. I wish now that I hadn't had so much to drink because I was exhausted and quickly fell to the side. As my eyes clamped shut my last sight was of those two lovely ladies in each other's arms, kissing gently by the harsh light of the 100 watt bulb.

I don't think I slept long because I was still awful tipsy when I woke, but my awkward position had me in some pain so I had to move. I stood up and stretched in the dark cabin, vaguely aware that the girls were still in the cot together. With so little light I couldn't see any detail but I had more pressing needs.

I needed to return some of that vodka and Coke. A lot of it, actually. Plus I was covered in sweat from the exertion and the hot, humid night and coated in juice from two pussies and one cock so I was literally a fucking mess. I wanted a cool shower. I didn't even bother with clothes. It was late enough that everybody should be in bed, if not asleep. I grabbed what looked like a clean towel and headed toward the latrine. Sure enough, the unit was dead. Huge oak trees blotted out the stars and moon, making this part of the camp as dark as a cave. I wished I had put my shoes on but it wasn't a big problem. I shambled on up to the latrine, found a friendly toilet and relieved myself, and only as I was about to step into the shower area did I realize it wasn't empty. Normally I would have hesitated, this being the woman's unit and there most likely being a woman in the shower who might not appreciate the company, but I was feeling confident, cocky and still a bit drunk, so I went for it. What's the worst that could happen? 

"Evening, Anne" I said as I stepped past the short blonde girl. It was a communal shower with eight shower heads and I politely took one across the room from her. Anne was a little older than most of the counselors, somewhere in her late 20's, and that slight age difference added to my fear on this bold course of action. I felt guilty, like a kid caught by an adult. Of course that guilt didn't stop me from checking her out as I passed. She was a little short but well put together, and the months of constant outdoor activity had whittled away any extra baggage she might have once carried. Her hard figure was lathered in soap and I thought about offering to wash her back. 
