 After Nisha, the little one, got married I felt very lonely and depressed. I required a change of scenery to get her out of mind and system. As I had never been to Bombay, I decided to visit it. I contacted my college friend Krishan, who lived there. 

"Good idea, Saheb. I have a nice flat and you must stay with me. We will enjoy ourselves like in the old days," he said enthusiastically. 

He received me at the railway station and took me to his flat. The flat consisted of a bedroom with attached bathroom, drawing cum dining room, a kitchen and store etc. It was nicely decorated. 

"Saheb, I hope you don't mind sharing the bedroom with me," Krishan said. 

"Of course not, Krishan. I see you are also a bachelor like me," I said. 

"Yes, in this cruel city of Bombay you require lots of money to be able to support a wife in style," he replied laughing, "Call me Kris. It is more convenient." 

In the evening he produced a bottle of scotch and ordered tandoori snacks from a take out. While we drank and ate, I said, "Kris, I know that you are connected with the film industry but what exactly do you do?" 

"I am a director but I'll do anything where I can earn a buck. If one wants to survive in Bombay then one must be ready to do just about anything short of committing murder that is," he laughed.

"You are a director; maybe I have seen some of your movies. Tell me their titles," I asked. 

"No, you couldn't have," he laughed, "I've assisted in a few low budget regional language films only." 

Then he named some of them. 

"Sorry, never heard of them," I replied truthfully. 

"I told you so," Kris said, "Saheb, I know I am good. What I need is a break. Yes, just one chance to direct a film independently. Then Kris will be the new star on the horizon." 

"I believe you. I am sure one day you'll make it," I said.

"Saheb, in school I had read that Lady Luck knocks at everyone's door. I am still waiting for her to knock on mine," he laughed. 

"Yes, my friend, life is hard. I am also waiting for an opportunity to strike out on my own. I am fed up of this nine to five routine," I said. 

That night we went to sleep only after we had killed the bottle with the result that I got up late the next morning. There was no sign of Kris. He had left a note reading: 

Dear Saheb,

"Sorry pal, I have some errands to run and will be back by noon. Don't wait for me for breakfast. Please help yourself. There is lots of foodstuff in the fridge. See you. 

Kris." 

I made a cup of tea for myself and peeked into the fridge. It was indeed full. I drank my tea leisurely while reading the morning papers. Then I decided to take get ready. After shaving I took a long shower. 

As I was finishing I heard the doorbell ring. At first, I ignored it but it continued to ring. "Maybe it is Kris's Lady Luck," I said to myself and throwing on my bathrobe opened the door. 

I found a young girl at the door. 

"What do you want?" I asked brusquely. 

"Please sir, give me some money, I am very hungry. I have not eaten since yesterday," she begged. 

I looked at her more carefully. She was apparently a beggar. Her face was dirty and was wearing tattered clothes. I was basically against giving money to beggars. My experience was that they invariably used it for wrong purposes. If she was hungry then I could give her something to eat. 

"I am about to have breakfast," I said, "If you want you can join me." 

"I will soon find out if she is really as hungry as she says," I thought. 

She looked at me dressed in a bathrobe and hesitated. "If you want food then I can give you some but no money," I said repeating my invitation, "Decide quickly. I can't stand here half naked all day." 

"All right," she said and came in. 

"Would you like some eggs and toast?" I asked. 

"Anything would do. Beggars can't be choosers," she replied smiling. 

"She has a beautiful smile and if she washes her face then she would be quite pretty. It would be nice if I could fuck her," I thought. 

"You sit here while I scramble some eggs," I said leading her to the dining table. 

"If you like I can help," she offered, "I am a good cook." 

"Okay, you scramble the eggs," I said handing her eight eggs, "while I brew some tea." 

While she made the eggs I laid the table and when the breakfast was ready I took a small part on the eggs and gave her the balance. I placed a full loaf of bread before her and watched her eat. 

The way she sat at the table and used the cutlery, I thought that this girl was not born a beggar and decided to find out more about her background. 

"What is your name?" I asked. 

"Amffita," she replied with her mouth full of eggs and bread. 

"Amrita?" I laughed. 

"No, Amita," she said. 

"Amita, where do you live?" I asked.

"Where do beggars live, on the streets, babu (sir)? We have no permanent place. At present I sleep in a mud hut in the slums about two miles from here," she replied. 

The desire to fuck her became stronger. Blood rushed into my loins making my cock half-stiff. To gauge her reaction I decided to talk about sex. 

"Tujhe dar nahin lagta ki koyi raat ko tuhje zabardasti cho...(Aren't you scared that one night someone will fu... )," I said leaving the sentence incomplete. 

"Keh dijiye na, ki koyi mujhe chod dega (Say it that someone will fuck me)," she replied without blushing. 

"She is quite experienced even at this young age," I thought, "but it really didn't matter. A choot (cunt) is a choot."

"Has someone...." I asked. 

"Abhi tak tau kissi ne mujhe nahin choda hai lakin shayad aaj raat ko meri kori choot phardi jayegi (No one has fucked me as yet but in all probability I will be deflowered tonight," she said with down cast eyes.

"How do you know this?" I asked surprised.

"I know it," she replied.

"Why don't you run away and save your virginity," I suggested. 

"How long will I run? One day someone is going to fuck my cunt. It is only to save this stupid virginity that I became a beggar," she replied. 

"Really, would you like to tell me?" I requested.

"Sir, it is a long story," she said wistfully. 

"I have time and you also require time to digest your food in peace," I smiled.

"All right, sir, then listen," she said, "I was born to well to do parents. We owned a house, a car and all other nice things of life. It seems that HE could not bear to see our small happy family. Five years ago when I was fifteen, fate took a hand in our lives. One day my parents were killed in a car accident. In minutes my sister and I became orphans." 

"Just a second, you said that five years ago you were fifteen. How old are you now?" I asked. 

"I am nearly twenty," she replied.

"My God, you are twenty! You don't look a day older than fourteen," I exclaimed surprised. 

"Our childish looks run in the family. My mother, despite having two grown up daughters, did not look more than twenty-five. Sir, my sister Anita is eighteen but looks only thirteen. Maybe it is our childish looks that has allowed us to remain virgins for so long," she smiled. 

"Where is your sister? Is she also a beggar like you?" I asked.

"Yes sir, we are together. She is begging in the next street. I am supposed to meet up with her at one," Amita replied. 

"Sorry I interrupted you. Please continue," I said apologetically. 

"Only family left was my Chacha (uncle- father's younger brother)," Amita continued her story, "He came to my parents' funeral. Afterwards he took us with him to his home. He had no children of his own and loved us very much but our chachi (aunt – wife of chacha) was a bitch. She hated us and made us cook and do all the household work. She would abuse us and beat us at the slightest pretext."

"Uncle had us admitted in the local school. We attended it whenever chachi would let us. She would always tell our chacha, "Educating them is nothing but waste of money. In a few years they will get fucked and produce children." 

"Let them study till then," chacha would always reply. 

"After a year one night when I was passing the open window of uncle's bedroom I heard the word chudai (fucking). Curious I stopped and peeped in through the window. I was shocked. Babu, believe me both my chacha and chachi were naked. Chacha was half reclining on the bedstead and chachi sat next to him holding his half-erect cock in her hand. Moving into the shadows I continued to watch. 

"Dekho na, itni der choosne ke baad bhi tumhaara laurda kharda nahi hua (Look here, even after sucking your cock for so long it has not become hard)," chachi complained. 

"Thorda aur choos bahut achcha lagta hai (Suck a little more. It feels very good)," chacha replied calmly. 

"No, I am not going to suck it anymore. Remember when you deflowered the washerwoman's daughter? Your cock used to become so hard that with her it gave me also lot of pleasure," chachi said, smiling, "Yes, those were the days." chacha said. 

I noticed that at the mention of the washerwoman's daughter chacha's cock became slightly harder and bigger. 

"Yes, those were the days," chacha said fisting his half erect cock, "but that ungrateful girl had to get married." 

"What you require now is another tight virgin to deflower," Chachi said. 

"That would be nice but where will we get one," chacha said sighing. 

"I have a virgin for you. Actually not one but two virgins," chachi replied smiling. 

"Really, who are they?" chacha asked. 

"Amita and Anita," chachi giggled. Hearing our names my heart sank. 

"Woman, are you mad," chacha said getting annoyed, "have you forgotten that they are my brother's daughters. They are my own blood." 

"What if they are your own blood? They have tight virgin choots, don't they? I've decided. You must fuck them," chachi told my chacha. 

"Nahin, main apni betiyon ko kaisse chod sakta hoon (No, how can I fuck my own daughters)," chacha said. 

"Is this your final decision?" chachi asked. 

"Yes," chacha replied. 

"Okay, then I will have to ask my brother to do it," chachi announced. 

"What has your no good brother got to do with my nieces?" chacha asked. 

"Sab kuch, woh tau pichele hafte hee dono ki choot ka chod chod kar keema banana chahata tha (Everything, only last week he wanted to make mince meat of their tight virgin cunts last week)," chachi said. 

"I hope you did not let him touch the girls," chacha said his face red with anger. 

"Of course not because I wanted to preserve their virginity for your lund (cock). If you don't want to deflower them then he will be very happy to oblige," chachi laughed. 

"You wouldn't dare," chacha said angrily. 

"Like hell I wouldn't," chachi said laughing, "and after he and his friends get tired of their choots then he'll sell them to a brothel. This way he can make some money out of them too." 

"Tell me why do you hate them so much? What have these poor girls done to you?" chacha asked suddenly calming down. 

"They have done nothing but their and your mother did. When I got married then they sat on their fat asses farting and chewing beetle leaf and made me do all the work. They took pleasure in pointing out imaginary faults. Even at night they did not like my coming to you."

"Your mother always said to me, "Bahu, abhi se apne kamare main ja kar kya karegi? Kya apni gaand marwayegi? Idhar aa aur mere paun daba (Bahu (daughter in law), what is the hurry to go to your room? Is someone waiting to fuck you in your ass hole? It is still early press my feet)." 

And she would say to their mother, "Child, it is getting late. Go to your husband otherwise he might fall asleep." 

"The bloody bitch. By the time she would let me go then you would be fast asleep or too tired to fuck me. They both are dead and I hope their souls rot in hell but they have left these two behind. I will wreak my revenge on them. So you won't fuck them. Is this your last word?" chachi asked. 

"Poor girls, I pity them. Darling, I am thinking that if they are to lose their cherry anyway then why shouldn't I deflower them and you can also enjoy yourself," chacha said kissing my chachi. 

"Babu, when I heard chacha say that he will fuck us then tears started to run down my cheeks," Amita said to me. 

Chachi got up and said, "Good, I will fetch Amita. She is the elder one and should lose her cherry first." 

"No, my dear, not tonight," chacha said, "See my cock is hard as a rock now. You enjoy this erection tonight and I will take care of Amita's kori choot (virgin cunt) tomorrow night."

"Promise," chachi asked. 

"Promise," chacha said pulling chachi into his bed. 

"See what did I tell you? Just the thought of fucking their virgin cunts has made you so hard. I wonder how hard it will become when you really fuck them. I can hardly wait till tomorrow," chachi giggled lying down and spreading her legs.

"Not so fast. First suck my cock," chacha said. 

"No, fuck me," Chachi said. 

"Please, darling, suck me first then I'll fuck you," chacha said. 

"Okay, but only a little," chachi said and sitting up started to suck my chacha's cock. After sucking it for ten minutes, she said, lying down, "Now you fuck me." 

"Okay, here goes," chacha said ramming his lund into chachi's choot. 

"AAAAHHHHhhhh, it feels good," chachi sighed as chacha moved his lund in and out of chachi's choot.

"To me chacha's cock looked very big. I thought if chacha pushes this big rod into chachi's choot then she would get hurt. I was surprised that chachi instead of screaming with pain sighed loudly with pleasure."

"Babu, I wanted to leave but I could not move. Fascinated, I watched them fuck. I had never seen fucking before. Wide-eyed, I stared as my uncle pushed his lund in and out of chachi's choot." 

"Chachi was moaning with pleasure. Then I noticed that her bottoms started to move in the rhythm of chacha's strokes. With each in and out stroke her moans became louder and louder. Despite the impending threat of being deflowered by my chacha my choot became wet and started to drip." 

"YES, MY DARLING, RAM YOUR LUND (COCK) HARDER INTO ME. Y...HES FASTER," she squealed with pleasure. 

Chacha's strokes became shorter and harder. My chachi shouted, "OH IT FEELS SO LOVELY. Y...HES Y...HES FUCK ME HARDER. GOD, GO ON FASTER Y...HES THIS IS IT. DAAAARRRLING, I AM ABOUT TO CUM. Y...HES, I AM THERE. OH OHHH OHHHHHH I AMMMM CUUUUMMMMMIIINNNNNGGGG," chachi shouted and lay still gasping for breath. 

My chacha continued to move his cock in and out. Then he suddenly he pushed his cock deep into chachi's choot and with loud grunt lay panting on top of chachi. They lay kissing each other for a long time then suddenly the lights were switched off.

Babu, with a heavy heart I went to my room. My sister was sleeping soundly. But I could hardly sleep that night thinking what I should do. Before I knew it was morning. I still did not know what to do to save our virginities and reconciled myself to our fate. 

Every morning at nine, my chachi went to the temple and returned around eleven. This was her daily routine. "Amita, if chacha calls you then don't dawdle. Go to him quickly, understood," she said before leaving for the temple. 

Half an hour later chacha summoned me to his room. 

"This is it," I thought, "Ab woh meri choot phardenge (He is going to deflower me now)." 

With heavy steps I went to his room. On the way I picked up a kitchen knife, which I hid in the folds of my clothes. I thought that if he tried to fuck me then I would kill him and then myself. This way, at least, Anita will be saved the humiliation of being fucked by her own chacha. 

"Come here, my dear," he said smiling, "you are looking very pretty today." 

"Thank you," I said tightening my grip on the knife and waited for him to make his next move. 

He then took out a big bundle of notes from his pocket and peeling off a note, said, "Here take this. Buy Anita and yourself some chocolate to eat." 

Then opening his cupboard placed the money inside. 

"Amita, I must go now I have to open the shop early today. Remember your chachi will return by eleven," he said and giving me a big hug hurried off to open his shop. 

This was not what I had expected. My uncle was basically a miser. He had never given me so much money before and that too to buy chocolate. It was very unusual behavior for him. Yes, chacha was behaving oddly. I had never seen him displaying his money and he never opened his cupboard in front of anyone not even in front of chachi. 

Then I noticed the keys hanging on the cupboard. "Is he trying to tell me something?" I thought. 

Then it suddenly hit me. He didn't want to fuck us. He had said yes just to please chachi. He wanted me to take the money in the cupboard and run away with Anita. I took the money out of the cupboard. Then Anita and I packed a few clothes and were out of the house within fifteen minutes.

"Didi (elder sister), where are we going?" Anita asked. 

"Just come along. There is no time to explain," I told her, "I'll answer all your questions later." 

We went straight to the railway station and took the first train out of town. The train brought us to a city about hundred miles away. There we both worked as domestic help. 

It was the first time we had to face the reality of life. We had to change jobs every three or four month because some man or the other in the household where we worked or in the neighborhood would try to molest us. 

In school I had read about Bombay, the city of thousand opportunities. A year ago Anita and I decided to come to Bombay and try our luck. Bombay was even worse. Here everyone saw us not as girls but only as choots meant to be fucked. 

One afternoon I met Jaya, a beggar girl, from the south. I told her about my experience with men. "Welcome to Bombay," she laughed and she advised me to beg like her. 

"Kahin bhikari humain chodenge tau nahin? (Won't the beggars fuck us?)" I asked. 

"There is honor among beggars. You will be safe as long as you don't steal from other beggars," she said laughing, "Look at me, I am begging since birth and I am still a virgin." 

We took her advice and gave up our job and started to beg. 

"Babu, this is the story of my short life," Amita said concluding her tale. 

"Yes, it is very sad but why did you say that you are going to lose your virginity today?" I asked. 

"Oh that! It so happened that one night Jaya did not return home. I was very worried and asked the other beggars." 

"Every girl disappears like this but they come back in a few days," they laughed, "Don't worry, Jaya will also come back." 

They were right. Jaya did return after a week but with a swollen face. 

"Where were you all these days? "I asked, "I was so worried about you."

She did not say anything. Whenever I asked she made some excuse or the other but didn't tell the truth. 

Last month, I could see that she was pregnant. "Jaya, bata tujhe kissne chod kar tera pet barda kara hai? (Jaya, tell me who has fucked you and made your belly big?)" I said pointing to her swollen belly. 

"You remember that six months ago I disappeared for a week?" she asked. I nodded. 

"On the day of my disappearance when I was begging four goons surrounded me and forcing me into a car took me to GKB," she said. 

"GKB? What is that?" I asked perplexed, "I have heard of KGB before but not GKB." 

"GKB stands for Goondon ka Badshah (King of the Goons) the uncrowned king of the underworld. When GKB tried to molest me, I protested," she replied starting to cry, "Phir uss haramzade ne pahele tau mujhe bahut bedardi se peeta phir ussne meri kori choot phard di (Then first the bastard thrashed me mercilessly and then deflowered me)." 

"What happened then?" I asked. 

"Do din tak pahele tau mujhe maarta phir wohi mujhe chodeta (For the next two days the bastard first beat me and then fucked me)," she said wiping her tears, "then he threw me to his dogs laughing evilly and telling them, "Ab tum log bhi iss kutiya ki choot ka mazaa lo (Now you enjoy this bitch's cunt also)." 
