 Last Woman at the Party: Kirsten is Shared Again

Those following my adventures know that my name is Kirsten. I am 25 years old, a real ginger. I can prove it when I'm not shaved smooth. I stay in pretty good shape, and I'm more athletic than curvy. I'm a respectable 32C up top, stand about 5'2"- 5'3", and I weigh around 135 pounds. Which I carry fairly well I might add. I would never stand out as model attractive, but I have been told that I am "critically cute". Really. 

Last weekend, I really had nothing to do. No travel for work, and nothing planned, so I let a friend talk me into going to a party. She didn't know anyone that was going to be there; however, a guy she was interested in was friends with the person throwing the party, and he who invited her to come out if she was interested. 

I wore a pair of dressy jeans along with a nice blouse. Nothing too suggestive or overtly sexy. Still, I thought I looked good when I checked myself out.

I picked up Leigh at 8:30 pm, and, after getting lost in an unfamiliar neighborhood, we arrived at the party around 9:30. We walked into an incredible condo, filled with music and almost too many people. 

We got drinks and mingled until she found the guy she liked. After that, I was kind of own my own. I made some small talk with different people, and flirted with some of the guys, but I was basically in wallflower mode.

Around 11:30, Leigh found me hanging out on the back deck.

"Hey...um...Rick asked me if I wanted to grab a late night bite to eat..." She looked at me hopefully, "Do you mind?"

"No. Go ahead. I'm heading out soon myself. " I hugged Leigh, and pecked her on the cheek, "Have fun!"

I watched my friend head out the door with her guy as I sighed and sipped my wine.

"Kirsten right?" I turned to look at the nice looking guy standing beside me.

I nodded, "..um...Doug?"

He laughed, "Bob."

"Bob. Your party right? I'm so bad with names. Sorry."

"Not a problem. Looks like you've been abandoned."

I laughed, "Story of my life!"

"Well, we'll just have to make sure you don't get lonely!" He took my elbow, and guided me through the crowded room to the sofa. 

The time flew by. Bob made sure I always had a drink in my hand, and an seeming unending parade of guys stopped by to chat and flirt. By the time I really paid any attention the party was winding down. I was sitting on the sofa with Bob on one side and a guy named Mark on the other. People were leaving, and soon I realized that I was the only woman left. 

In addition to Mark and Bob, several other guys were standing, talking in the kitchen. 

My head was a little fuzzy from the drinks, and I was somewhat uninhibited in my flirting with Bob and Mark. For those of you who have read about my previous adventures, you will know that I have engaged in group sex a number of times. In some respects, I am more turned on by being the center of attention of a number of horny guys than by any other sexual situations. Not that other situations aren't hot. I just tend to get off on doing things that are more "slutty", and being the star of a gang bang, well, that REALLY gets me hot.

With that in mind, I was not offended when the guys started making more suggestive comments. And I was not too nervous or scared when their hands started to tentatively explore my body to see how far I was willing to let things go.

As the discussion got more suggestive, Bob's hand caressed my thigh moving higher against the fabric of my jeans. On the other side, Mark was sliding fingers between the buttons of my shirt to lightly stroke my belly. I leaned back and moaned as Bob's hand moved up and grazed the fabric covering my crotch.

"..guys..." I offered up a fake, half hearted protest, but they could tell I was too far gone to resist. Truthfully, I WAS too far gone to resist. I did not want to resist. I did not intend to resist. However, my experience has taught me the following lesson: Guys are incredibly turned on if you are hesitant. I'm not talking about ignoring a true plea to stop. That's a whole other thing. I mean that if I am clearly going down that path, and I hesitate just a bit, ask for them to slow down, express some degree of doubt, get promises "not to tell anyone", then the guys are REALLY stoked and horny as hell. And the sex is incredible. It's a game, and I know my part.

"...Wait a second..." I looked to the kitchen where the others were talking, "...what about?..."

Bob looked over at his buddies, "I can get them to leave..."

I bit my lip softly, "...would they tell anyone...?"

I could tell the guys sitting next to me were incredibly turned on by what my question had implied. They glanced at each other briefly before Bob whispered in my ear, "No one will say a word. Promise. What happens in Vegas..."

I gave a soft sigh as I slid my ass down on the sofa so that I could lean further back into the cushions.

Mark's fingers moved higher and slid between the buttons of my blouse closer to my tits. He worked his way under my bra, caressing my stiff nipple. Another low moan escaped from between my lightly pressed together lips. Meanwhile, Bob was working on the top button of my jeans. He managed to get the button undone, then he worked the zipper down. His fingers slipped under the fabric of my panties and stroked lightly along my wet slit.

"...Please...be easy." I could barely get the words out as my mind tried to keep pace with the response of my body which was on fire. 

The guys laughed as I leaned back and closed my eyes. My mind was reeling with the knowledge of what I was going to let them do to me. What I knew they were more than ready to do to me.

The buttons of my blouse were undone slowly one after another, and my shirt was slipped off my shoulders. I sat up as Mark pulled my blouse out from behind my back and tossed it to the side. He worked on the catch to my bra as Bob grabbed my jeans, pulling them over my hips and down to my ankles. I lifted each foot in turn as my jeans were stripped off. My tits were bare as my legs were tugged wide apart to rest on the legs of Bob on one side and Mark on the other.

The guys from the kitchen must have suspected that something was going on, because when I looked up, Danny, John, Grayson were standing in front of us staring with their mouths hanging open.

I looked down, embarrassed to see that the front of my panties was obviously soaked.

John crossed the few feet that separated us. He looked hard into my eyes as he grabbed the sides of my panties and pulled them over my hips. I moved my legs back together and raised my hips as he pulled my panties off. 

I was blushing deeply as I was now completely exposed in front of five obviously horny men. The guys on either side of me starting caressing my tits, pinching my nipples, and rubbing their hands along my bare legs. Bob's lips lightly trailed over my my neck, and Mark was rubbing my smooth skin just above my pussy. I squirmed as John dropped to his knees burying his face between my legs. The other two guys moved in, and hands roamed over every available inch of naked flesh.

John's tongue was running slowly and persistently all around my clit causing me to moan deeply. I felt him bury a finger in my pussy, stroking it in and out. Bob grabbed my hair and pulled my head back. His mouth was covering mine, kissing me deeply. I felt John insert another finger in my wet pussy.

"...Oh god..." I moaned into Bob's mouth.

Hands kneaded my tits, and fingers stroked in and out of my pussy. My breath was coming in short gasps as the guys worked on my body. I was suddenly lifted off the sofa and positioned on my hands and knees on the floor. Someone grabbed my head in two hands and pressed a stiff cock to my lips. Opening my mouth, I took the rock hard meat deep as someone else grabbed my hips. I felt a cock pressing at the opening of my pussy, and I groaned around the cock in my mouth as the guy behind me slammed all the way into my dripping pussy in one violent stroke.

The guys pounded me from both ends as I struggled to fuck back with some kind of rhythm. Two guys were on either side of me groping my tits. One of them reached underneath, and started roughly rubbing my clit. 

I moaned and tried to pull off the cock in my mouth as a massive orgasm shook my body. 

"...agggg...uuu...uuu...uuu...ahhhhh...!!" I was cumming hard, but the cock in my mouth muffled my scream. My head was held tightly in place as the guy fucking my mouth shuddered, his cock spasming as he started to cum along with me. I felt his cum spurt deep in my mouth, hitting the back of my throat, as I tried to swallow to keep from choking. My own orgasm swept through me, and a smaller one shot sparks along my spine. I kept sucking on the now deflating dick in my mouth as I was furiously rocking back on the cock that kept up a jackhammer rhythm in and out of my pussy.

Spent, the guy in my mouth pulled out, and I gasped as I took air deep into my lungs. A hand on my back pressed my head and chest into the carpet. My ass was sticking up in the air as the guy behind me picked up speed, fucking me harder and deeper. I cried out in pleasure and pain as he bottomed out on each thrust. About the time I felt his cock swell and empty into my pussy, I started to cum again. 

"...Oh god...I'm cumming...fuck me...fuck...!!" I screamed as another orgasm shook me to my soul. John fucked me until his cock was totally drained. He pulled out, moving around in front of me where he pressed his sticky cock to my lips. I hesitated, but he grabbed my hair, lifted my head, and pushed his cock into my mouth when I opened my mouth to gasp for air.

"Clean it up." John scowled. 

I took him into my mouth tasting both his cum and the wetness of my pussy. 

"Damn, thats so fucking hot..." Bob was holding my hair back so the others could see. The look on their faces was one of pure animal lust.

Bob smiled at me, "That was just a warmup, right baby? Who wants to double fuck her?"

It had barely even registered what they were saying when they picked me up and positioned me over Mark's cock. He was flat on his back, and I was lowered slowly onto his huge cock. I groaned deeply as I sank easily onto his throbbing dick. I was pushed forward, my tits against his chest. Mark slowly began fucking me, hitting all the right spots. It felt so good, and I was soon grinding against his dick sending jolts of pleasure shooting through my body. Just as I was ready to cum again, Mark grabbed me, and held me tight to his chest. I felt hands on my ass, spreading my ass cheeks. 

'...Wait..." I stammered as a cool thick liquid dropped onto my asshole. "...Hold on...guys..." I shivered as fingers massaged the lube around my tight hole.

"...Guys...wait..." I almost panicked as a finger slipped slightly into my ass. I was no stranger to anal sex, but I was a little worried given the intensity of the fucking I had received so far.

To this point, Danny had been holding back, just watching. But as I looked over my shoulder, I saw that he was the one positioned behind me. With one hand he was working the lube into my ass, with the other he was stroking the biggest cock among them. Beads of sweat broke out on my forehead, and I tried to break away from Mark's grasp.

"Easy baby" He whispered into my ear, "You're gonna love this".

I moaned as Danny's cock pressed against my tight asshole. The tip started to slowly slide in as I gasped. He steadily pressed in further, and my breath was now coming in short gasps. I was twitching and moaning as his cock slowly but persistently pressed into my ass. I felt sweat break out all along my back. I shuddered as Mark started grinding slowly against me, sending sensations of pure pleasure deep vibrating through my pussy. I buried my face into Mark's neck and let out a soft sob as Danny continued to invade my ass. 

He was lodged firmly, but not completely, in my ass when he grabbed me by the shoulders. 

"Ready baby? Here it comes!" 

I didn't have time to protest as he quickly pulled almost all of the way out and then slammed his cock in one hard thrust all the way up my ass. 

I howled as Danny buried his huge cock in my tight hole. 

Danny stayed balls deep briefly before withdrawing slowly. My breathing was ragged, and I screamed again as he slammed back into my ass. After a few minutes, Mark and Danny had established a rhythm, fucking me smoothly and rapidly. The other guys were just staring at the the three of us. Finally, Bob stepped up beside me and pushed his dick into my mouth. 

"Suck it! Time to get airtight!" I tried my best to suck him as the others slammed into me front and back.

Danny didn't last long. My asshole was tight, and he lost it quickly, shooting his load deep into my bowels. He pulled out with a loud pop, but I didn't a chance to catch my breath as Grayson shoved his own thick cock up my ass as soon as Danny moved out of the way.

The friction of the cock in my ass against his shaft in my pussy was too much, and soon Mark was cumming. He thrust into my pussy hard and deep and warm cum flooded my cunt. Bob's cock stiffened, and I prepared myself to swallow his load, but he pulled out before he slipped over the edge. Bob groaned as he rolled away, and Mark managed to squirm out from underneath me. I was left on my on my hands and knees still getting ass fucked by Grayson. His hand had a fistful of my hair, and he pulled my head back as he slammed into me. I squealed and moaned as he furiously fucked my tight ass. Finally, I heard him groan, and I felt his cock jerk. Warm cum again flooded my ass. I collapsed on the floor as Grayson pulled his cock out and let go of my hair.

I was laying on my side on the carpet panting, the guys scattered on the floor around me. Hands stroked my body, pinched my nipples, and someone was sliding their fingers in and out of my used pussy. Bob brushed the hair back from my face and gave me a wicked smile.

"You like that Kirsten?" 

He rolled me over onto my back, entering me with one smooth stroke. Bob slowly fucked me as his friends sat back and watched. I wrapped my legs around his back and matched his slow, sensuous rhythm as a small orgasm rippled through my body. My mind drifted away as Bob shot his load deep into my pussy. 

"Yeah...I liked that..." I purred with a contented smile on my face.