 This is my first story. This is a work of fiction. Enjoy. This is Part One.

Ethan was getting tired of living in a hotel for so many days. He was away on business and had left his wife and kids back home. He was now on day 14 and still had two weeks to go before he returned home. Since he had been away he had begun looking for someone to hook up with on an online date site.

He had been married for ten years, but had been with his wife four years prior to that. He was bored with the monotony of his life and quite frankly was hoping to hook up with another married woman in order to satiate his burning desire for sexual adventure. Ethan was forty. He felt strange acknowledging that to himself. He certainly didn't feel forty. He felt and looked like a much younger person. He looked about thirty. It helped, he felt, that he shaved his head clean. He suffered from male-pattern baldness and hated the circle of hair that went around his head. One day he simply shaved it all off and never looked back. He looked good bald. It suited him. He wasn't an athletic person. He had never been into sports or working out. He had been skinny his whole life, but now, approaching middle-age he had grown more girth that still felt foreign to him.

Ethan was a porn hound. He had been ever since he had first discovered masturbation. There was rarely a day that went by that he didn't jerk off. For years he had been content to simply fantasize and reach orgasm. Now, he had dwelved deeper and deeper into more exotic porn movies to reach climax. He suspected that he was wearing himself out. Nonetheless, he thought and craved sex almost continuously. His wife could not meet his desires and didn't like sexual exploration. This left him frustrated and unsatisfied.

So he found himself searching the online dating services daily. He had sent countless emails to various women in the area. He was a sincere man. He was good looking. He thought of himself as someone that a woman could trust. Secretly he was scared of the prospect, but his desire drove him. Now after two weeks and the only response turning into a porn site solicitation he had started to admit defeat. No one was responding. Frustrated he left the hotel and headed out for dinner. It was a Saturday night and he was all alone and bored.

He ate alone in a nearby sushi restaurant. He noticed woman glancing his way as he sat down. Months ago, he had stopped asking himself if he imagined that woman looked at him more now that he had shaved his head. His wife one day had mentioned it to him and confirmed it. She had noticed that women were often glancing at her husband. She too, had thought the change in his looks was quite remarkable and had told him. Ethan had been doubtful at first but now he noticed more women glancing his way and smiling at him. He often asked himself why they didn't do more. What that would be, he didn't truthfully know, but he imagined them coming up to him and telling him she wanted to take him somewhere and fuck him. He often chuckled at this.

Finishing his sushi he decided that a vanilla latte would make a nice end to the evening. He had eaten late in the evening and it was now near closing time for most of the stores in area. He knew where a certain Seattle coffee chain outlet was near the hotel and decided to drive the extra mile to get there. He drove up parked the car and decided on the way in to sit and relax with a latte rather then to get it to go.

As he entered he noticed that only a few patrons were inside engaged in various conversations. He always found the people that sat in the coffee chain stores to be either students or artsy types who discussed topics beyond their understanding and had all the answers. Pompous assholes, he secretly thought to himself. Then he thought, what will people think of me if I sit here? He laughed to himself and was startled when he actually laughed out loud a bit. One of the coffee house workers was crouched down near him stocking coffee on the shelves and she looked up at him at his laugh and smiled. She was quite beautiful. Maybe 24 years old. Thin, perhaps too thin, with small breasts and a thin waist and hips but a noticeable ass. The way she crouched made it more pronounced. 

Ethan loved asses. He was never a tits man. A beautiful tight round ass always captured his attention. Ethan smiled down at the girl and said hello. Ethan had found that lately, now that he was older, that his nervousness in talking to women had all but faded. Marriage and kids had all but wiped it out. The only reason that he managed to find and marry his wife was that for one spectacular moment in time he had tossed aside his fears and had approached his wife in a bar and engaged her in normal, fearless conversation. Bottom line: he had been comfortably himself.

The girl stood up and pushed her long sandy blond hair away from her face and behind her ear. She self-consciously straightened her apron and watched Ethan stroll by. Ethan kept looking at her as he went by and continued to smile. He noticed her name tag identifying her as Amber.

"Hi, hon." He said to her then chastised himself in his head for being so familiar with her.

"Hi, there." She responded and then looked down at Ethan's waist for an instant before looking back up at him.

Ethan's heart sped up by a small amount. Had she just checked out my package or my ass? He immediately grew nervous and excited at the same time. He continued walking and approached the counter. Another girl was behind the counter cleaning up. She looked up at him and immediately smiled and asked what she could do for him. Ethan went through a variety of explicit answers in his head before simply ordering a large latte. Her nametag identified her as Brigitte.

This girl was just as beautiful as the first. She had short brown hair with brown eyes, a prominent chest covered by an apron, a slim waist and what appeared to be a nice round butt. She too was only around 24 years old. Ethan's cock gave a faint stir in his pants. The girl turned to make his order and his cock gave a lurch. She had a spectacular ass. He could see that it was one of those asses that if she stood with her feet together and you got behind her, you would see a beautiful gap between her legs that would give you full view of her pussy and daylight. He stared at that ass transfixed. A sound to his left took his attention away and he looked over to see Amber standing next to him arranging some biscotti. She grinned at him and it became immediately clear that she had been watching him staring at the other girl's ass. It was also clear that she found it amusing. 

Unbelievably, she leaned in and whispered to him "I know. Pretty nice isn't it?" and then giggled and walked around the counter. Ethan could only nod. He felt that he must look like an idiot standing there gawking.

His latte was made and Brigitte turned and handed it to him and looked a bit puzzled at his expression on his face. He looked a little like a little boy caught with a broken vase at his feet. Wow, she thought, what a cute guy. She smiled broadly, showing her teeth, and handed the latte to him. As he took it in his hand their fingers overlapped and she couldn't let go. They froze like that for an instant staring at one another and then Ethan quickly moved his hand to take the latte by holding the rim. Brigitte laughed a beautiful clear laugh and rung up the bill. Ethan paid and tipped generously. 

Amber turned at the sound of the coins landing in the jar and said "Thanks!".

"No problem," he said. "My pleasure."

Ethan quickly moved to a nearby table that allowed him to still observe the girls behind the counter and settled in. He grabbed a magazine and started to read. The couple next to him finished up and left the store. Soon afterward the remaining two people; university students by their looks; left as well. Ethan continued to enjoy his latte and read the magazine and soon grew quite comfortable.

He was startled when Amber sat down across from him and smiled and said hello. Ethan quickly looked around and realized that he was the only one remaining in the store. Amber was still behind the counter cleaning the coffee machines and looked over at him.

"Time for me to go?" he asked, guessing that they were kicking him out.

"Not exactly," answered Amber. "You still have time if you want to. Me and Breeg aren't going anywhere just yet. Sit and enjoy your coffee. You look settled in."

"Ah, thanks. I can go if you want me to. Doesn't matter to me." Then, his mouth moving on its own accord voiced "It's just me and a lonely hotel room for me anyway."

Ethan immediately felt like an idiot. The girl is going to think that I am hoping to get her to that hotel room. Why else would I mention it? He thought to himself. A large part of him hoped that that was exactly what would happen.

Amber looked at with an unfathomable expression on her face. The silence grew a little uncomfortable. Then she smiled. "Really. You aren't from around here?" she asked.

"No. I am from out of town. I am here on business for the next couple of weeks. I've been here two already." He replied.

"Married I see," she said looking meaningfully at his wedding ring.

Ethan rubbed it automatically and turned it around and around on his finger. "Yeah. My little ball and chain.", he joked and laughed.

Amber laughed and reached out and grabbed his hand and twisted the ring on his finger. "On pretty tight" she said and stared at him.

Ethan's heart started pounding. There was no mistaking the question in her last statement. There were two answers to the question. One could possibly take him down a road to what he had been looking for the last couple of years and the other would stop this in its tracks. Ethan quickly decided that he knew where he wanted this to go.

"Actually, no." he said quietly. He gently pulled his hand back, and slipped the ring off his finger and pocketed it. He looked at her and watched her expression turn to a full smile that lit up her face like a beacon.

"Good," was all she said at first. She glanced down at his hand and purposefully reached out to take it back again. Ethan let her and welcomed the touch. He smiled nervously and was at a loss for words.

"Listen," she said slowly, first looking down at his hand in hers and then looking up directly at him. "You are a cute guy. I like cute guys."

Ethan's heart was drowning out all other noises. His vision narrowed until all he could see was this beautiful girl sitting across from him holding his hand. He decided that he needed take control of this situation. He needed to voice his desires quickly so that she understood what he wanted and needed.

"So are you," he started lamely, realizing the stupidity of the remark immediately. "I mean a cute girl. More than cute actually. Um, I don't know how to start this but..."

Amber cut him off. "Shhh. Don't worry. Let me make this easy. Breeg and I have worked here together for a long time now. Months ago we decided that if we both liked the same guy that walked in here that we would do something about it. That hasn't happened until now. Turns out we both like the same thing in a man. That man is you. So,..." she trailed off and looked at him and tilted her head and smiled.

Ethan stared at her in disbelief.

Amber laughed. "Tell me what you would like, what you want." Ethan struggled with this and tried to sort out what was happening. Brigitte, or Breeg as Amber called her, came round from behind the counter and pulled up a chair beside Ethan and smiled at seeing Amber holding his hand. She had heard Amber's question and could see Ethan stammering to respond.

Brigitte reached out a hand and rubbed Ethan's thigh. When he turned to look at her she leaned in and started to kiss him. Ethan froze at first and then quickly warmed up and responded to the kiss timidly at first and then with mounting passion. Amber released his hand and pulled her chair in closer to sit just inside Ethan's knees. She ran her hands up his thighs stopping short of rubbing his now prominent erection in his pants.

Breeg broke the kiss and stared into Ethan's eyes. She leaned in and slowly inserted her tongue deep into his mouth. Ethan was in heaven. Her mouth tasted so wonderful. Her tongue in his mouth was so erotic. He had never been kissed like that in his life. She sucked his tongue quickly into her mouth and then let it go.

"What's your name?", she asked.

"Ethan," he said and looked down at Amber's hands. She smiled at him and while holding his eyes locked to hers she ran her hands up over his erection and squeezed it once. "Hi, Ethan.", she said. Ethan was stunned. He desperately wanted her to do that again and not stop.

Amber laughed at the change in his face. Lust changed his expression beautifully and turned her on more than she already was. "This is going to be fun!" she exclaimed. "Tell us what you want, hon. We will do anything."

"Like what?" Ethan asked hoping to stall the conversation while he tried to get his brain working again.

Amber quickly responded. "Anything at all. We will do anything. Within reason of course. No pain or anything like that." She paused uncertain herself if she might ruin this. She decided to go for it and asked "Are you into assplay?"

Ethan jerked visibly. "Assplay?" he started. His mind worked furiously now. Can he risk all this by exposing his secret desires? He had to try. This was the chance of a lifetime. "I love assplay. I would like nothing better than to stick my tongue up both your asses for hours on end. How would that be?"

Amber smiled. "Perfect," she said. "We love ass play. You can play with our asses all you want. Stick things in them. Fingers, tongues, cock, whatever. But..." and she paused dramatically smiling at Ethan's pleased expression and clear lust painted across it. "But, we get to play with your ass too, deal?"

Ethan's dream was coming true. These women were clearly at the same level as he was sexually. More so, he thought to himself. They seem to have already acted on what to him was still just a dream.

"Breeg, he has a hotel room for the next two weeks. Sounds nice doesn't it?" Amber said.

"Really!?", squealed Breeg bouncing in her seat and clapping her hands together. She squirmed forward and gave Amber a quick kiss. Ethan's cock lurched in his pants. That was once of the most erotic things he had ever seen in person. His head felt light and his vision swam. "Good Lord," he though. "This isn't a dream. This is really happening."

"Tell you what, Ethan. Breeg and I have to close up shop. Give is the details of your hotel room and we will be there as soon as we can. We will be about an hour by the time we close this place up properly. Don't worry, we'll be there as soon as we can. Meanwhile do us a favour and wash your ass up real good, okay?" She leaned in and gave him a deep kiss. Ethen responded and reached out and placed his hand behind her head to press her closer. Ethan could feel her smile on his mouth.

"Mmmm," she murmured. She broke away and grinned. "Now, just so you know that we are serious we are going to give your cock a quick suck. Would that be okay?"

Ethan nodded. 

"Pull it out then," said Breeg and started to undo his belt. Ethan stared down. Ethan, in his opinion, did not have a large cock. It was only six inches long, the average amount, but he was certain it was thicker than most. His wife had said that it was a large cock and an old girlfriend said that he couldn't stick it in all the way because it was too big for her. Secretly he doubted that either of them were being truthful and were trying not to bruise his male ego. Breeg undid the button at the top and Amber reached over and pulled his underwear waistband down and out and pulled out his cock. The touch of her hand on his cock sent a jolt of electricity through him. He looked down and saw a large amount of precum leaving a sticky trail from the glistening head of his prick down to his underwear. Both girls were staring down at it.

"I wish it were bigger," he started and was interrupted by the girls squeals of happiness.

"That's a nice cock" said Breeg admiringly. "Perfect size and nice and fat."

Amber licked her lips and nodded. "That's a nice cock, Ethan. Big cocks are nice once in a while, but I can get that from my dildo. This is a cock that can fuck us for a long time and will fit nicely in our asses."

Ethan groaned. First his ego got stroked and then he had confirmation once again that his cock would be soon buried in these fine asses. Ethan saw and felt more precum ooze out of his cock. He couldn't believe how much he was producing. Amber licked her lips again and then without hesitation popped the head of his cock in her mouth and sucked hard on it. Uncontrollably, his hips shot up trying to push more of his cock into her mouth. His senses overloaded. He could feel the soft wet warmth of her tongue swirling on the head of his cock and just underneath. He could feel the gentle touch of her teeth on the shaft. The vacuum she created pulled the precum out of his cock and into her mouth. She pulled her mouth off his cock with a slurp. Breeg immediately wrapped her mouth around his cock and rapidly started bopping her head up and down his shaft. Her tongue swirled like a whirlwind around his cock. Unbelievably she was moaning as she did it. Ethan could see that she was loving it. He looked at Amber and watched her swallow his precum. He had never been given a full blowjob in his life. His ex-girlfriends didn't do "that" and his wife suffered from a gag reflex that wouldn't let her do it without wanting to throw up. Now here he was with two women that clearly wanted his cock and craved it. Ethan tensed as he felt himself about to blow his load. He didn't think he could stop it. It was too overwhelming. Breeg sensed it and tightened her index finger and thumb around the base of his cock. She popped his cock out of her mouth and stared at the engorged cock, purple with her squeezing the base. She thought it was beautiful and wanted to see it explode with cum. Now was not the time, however.

"Not yet, hon" she said. "We'll let you come later." With that she let go of his cock. Breeg pulled Ethan over to her mouth and stuck her tongue in his mouth. Ethan could taste his cock. There was no mistaking it. He forced his tongue into her mouth, excited by the taste and the lust it created in him.

"Now get going and wash your ass up. We'll be there soon. We promise." Amber and Breeg kissed him deeply. Ethan gave them directions to his hotel and his room number. With that he stuffed his cock back in his pants and hurried off to his hotel.

Amber turned to Breeg and smiled. "What a honey. I can't believe how cute he is. He doesn't even know it!"

"I know!" exclaimed Breeg. "That's what turned me on to him. God, I can't wait for this. This is going to be hot. Nothing is off limits tonight, okay? We give this guy the ride of his life, agreed?"

Amber nodded. She lifted her apron and quickly undid her pants and dropped them to the floor. She sat on a table edge and pulled her panties aside. "Look at this, Breeg."

Breeg got down on her knees in front of her best friend and stared at her glistening pussy. It was soaking wet. Breeg's heart raced to see her friend so wantonly expose herself to her. The prospect of fucking that cute guy tonight really had her turned on hard. She could see that Amber's lips were swollen and her clit poked out of its hood in anticipation.

"Yum." Was all she said and leaned in and sucked Amber's clit into her hungry mouth. With a scream Amber immediately came hard. Breeg continued to softly lick up Amber's juices until the spasms slowed and stopped.

"Fuck. Fuck Fuck." Was all Amber said as she came back to Earth. After a minute she looked down at her lover with a smile.
