 This is the second chapter in this story. Enjoy.

Ethan could barely drive the short distance home to his hotel. The sound of his own heart was deafening and distracting. He concentrated on staying between the lines and thought back to what had just happened. Could this be real? A large part of him was screaming to him that this was a setup. A con job of some sort. A massive cock tease. 

"Yeah," he said out loud in the car, "a massive cock tease. There is no fucking way that those girls want me."

Still, they had sucked his cock. Sucked it better than anyone had before. The image of Amber and Breeg with his cock in their mouths was almost too much for Ethan. He swerved slightly and hurriedly recovered. Jesus Christ, he thought. Jesus Christ. His hands were shaking, but not from his driving. He looked down and spied his wedding ring. He thumbed it and moved it around his finger. I am about to cheat on my wife.

"Should I feel bad?" he asked himself. Immediately the answer flew back at him: "Fuck, no." Ethan was committed to this. This was a chance of a lifetime. Two girls at once. Assplay they had said, he remembered and groaned and grabbed his cock and squeezed it. 

He maneouvered into the parking lot and parked the car and jumped out. He fumbled at the side door with his key card, managed to finally insert it and heard the door open with a soft click. He pushed inside and strode down to the elevator. The elevator came faster than usual; almost certainly a sign, and he rose up to his floor. He quickly opened his suite door, stepped inside and flipped on the light. He put his back to the door, undid his pants and grabbed his cock and started to furiously stroke it.

***

Back at the coffee shop, Breeg finished closing out the cash register and locked the cash drawer in the safe. She hadn't heard Amber in a while and curious she checked in the back to see what she was up to. She was met with Amber's ass staring at her. She stopped in shock.

Amber was bent over something and was rummaging through it with one hand. The other hand was idly rubbing her clit in soft circles. Breeg almost laughed out loud. Amber had to be going through their toy collection. Breeg walked up, licked a finger, and replaced Amber's finger on her clit. 

Amber had heard Breeg approaching and didn't start but anticipated that Breeg would welcome the chance to frig her. They knew each other well.

They had moved in together after both showing up to view an apartment in town the year before. They had immediately fallen in love with each other. 

It was a one bedroom apartment with a small kitchenette, a tiny bathroom with only a shower, sink and toilet and a small living room with the only window. They hated it. But they had found each other and were content with that. One night after a particularly good tumble, Amber had asked Breeg about men. Surprised, Breeg had confirmed that she loved a hard cock just as much as a soft woman. Amber had smothered her with kisses after that. Neither spoke of it until the next week when Amber found Breeg pissing in the bathroom with the door open as usual. Amber strolled by, stopped, reversed and stood leaning in the doorway watching her lover relieve herself.

"Amber!" complained Breeg. It was one thing to pee with the door open and another to blatantly stand there and stare. She moved to cover herself up but Amber stopped her with a softly spoken "no". Unsure, Breeg hesitated and then decided. She moved her hands away, opened her legs and leaned back. Amber could see the hot piss streaming out of Breeg. It was fascinating. Not erotic. Just fascinating.

Breeg, however, was totally turned on. She loved the blatant vulgar display. Her nipples hardened immediately. She felt her stream start to weaken. She sighed dejected. Just as the last drops of piss escaped her body Amber posed the question that would change their relationship forever.

"I would really like to watch you get fucked by some guy." She said. "Would you let me?"

Breeg opened her eyes and stared into Amber's. Her heart started to pound in her chest. She reached up and squeezed the nipple on her left breast and winced as the pain shot down to her pussy. She could feel her pussy starting to get hot. The thought of her lover watching her with a man turned her on so much that she could hardly contain herself. She felt liberated. Free. Released from a prison she had not known she was in until just now. 

With a growl, she leaped off the toilet and threw Amber down to the floor. Amber squealled in shock and fear and was certain that she had crossed a line with Breeg and had lost her forever. Then Amber quickly crawled up her body and before she knew it, Amber pressed her pussy onto Breeg's mouth with a strength she had never seen in her before.

"Oh God! " she screamed. "Eat my fucking pussy right now you fucking bitch! Eat me!" Amber started to hump Breeg's face, forcing her pussy down hard onto her mouth. She needed release and needed it now. She didn't care how she managed it. She reached around her back and rammed a finger in her asshole. Oh my God, she thought, almost! 

Meanwhile Breeg was in shock, not only was Amber fucking her face with authority and reckless abandon, she tasted piss and then realized that Breeg was finger fucking her own asshole. Instantly and surprisingly turned on, Breeg grabbed Amber's ass and flung her over and onto her back. Now she was lying half in and half out of the bathroom. Amber looked questioningly down along her body toward Breeg whose face hovered over her crotch and then seeing the lust in her lover's face lowered her head back and smiled and knew that her pussy was about to be devoured.

"Yes, I would let you." She finally answered and then screamed as Breeg, who for the first time, stuck her tongue up her virgin ass.

She came five seconds later. And then 30 seconds later. And then one minute later.

**

Ethan stopped what he was doing and chastised himself. Stop that you idiot! Don't waste it. Grudgingly he stopped stroking his cock and started toward the bathroom with his pants around his ankles. Once inside he looked around and found the soap and a face cloth. He turned the water on to a nice warm temperature, lathered the soap and proceeded to wash the crack of his ass. He was methodical and made sure he washed the whole thing. Satisfied he then thought for a moment and recalled an article he had read that recommended cleaning out the inside of your ass as well. He soaped up and slowly inserted a soapy finger into his ass and proceeded to wash himself out. Would they really play with his ass too? He wondered. His cock bobbed around as if to answer yes.

He rinsed.

**

Breeg removed her finger from Amber's clit and then automatically put the finger to her mouth to taste her. She tasted so wonderful. Amber giggled and then suddenly zipped the bag she had been rummaging through closed. She stood up and hefted the bag onto her shoulder. Breeg moved in and slowly kissed Amber on the lips. She softly moved her tongue into her mouth and felt her tongue welcomed by Amber's. Amber gently started to suck on her tongue and Breeg, despite herself, moaned uncontrollably. It almost sounded like a whine to Breeg.

Breeg pulled back and stared at Amber. The eyes that looked back at her were completely clouded with lust.

"You okay, hon?" she asked, a little bit worried for her best friend.

"Urmm?" she replied dreamily, "Okay? Yeah hon. I'm okay. I am so turned on you can't imagine. "

"Yes I can, silly. I am too" she snorted back. "We better hurry before he jerks himself dry. Come on. What are you waiting for?"

"Nothing. Let's go."

They left by the back door, set the alarm, locked the door and ran to their beat up car nearby. Tonight was going to be a night to remember.