 Breeg drove the car to the hotel in silence. Amber sat with her arms wrapped around her knees drawing them in close to her. She would occasionally look over at her friend and smile and wonder why Breeg was so quiet. Breeg meanwhile was trying hard to concentrate on the road. Nothing could go wrong tonight, she prayed. She was worried deep down inside that tonight would change their relationship beyond recognition and possible beyond repair. With that thought she pulled into the parking lot of the hotel and parked, unwittingly, next to Ethan's car. She put the car in park and without turning it off turned and looked at Amber. She looked so fragile, so small and easily hurt. Tonight would be a first for them. With any sex comes a ton of emotional baggage. She had to be certain that Amber knew that and was ready.

"Amber," she started slowly and watched her face closely for any sign that this was not going well. Amber looked at her questioningly. "Amber I need you to tell me that you are sure of what we are about to do, hon."

"Whaddya mean?" asked Amber. "Of course, I'm ready. This is gonna be hot. This guy is going to blow his load in about 5 minutes I figure. Maybe less. Our job will be to get him up and keep him that way!"

"No, no, you goof. Are you ready for what this might do to us?"

"Us? Do to us? What are you talking about?"

"Things might be different between us after this. That scares me and I won't go through with this if you aren't ready for what happens after we fuck this guy."

Amber squealed with joy, undid her seatbelt with a quick motion and lunged across the central column and wrapped a shocked Breeg in a bear hug, followed by a passionate kiss. Amber didn't let go and continued to kiss Breeg. She moved across her chin line and sucked an earlobe into her warm, wet mouth. Breeg's pussy contracted with the sensation. Amber knew all her buttons.

With her mouth at Breeg's ear she quietly whispered "I love you hon. I love you so much that nothing can shatter that. Sharing you with Ethan is like the perfect gift I can give you that proves that. Now shhh. I don't want to hear anything more about it, okay?" With that she pulled back and looked into Breeg's eyes.

Breeg was stunned. Her heart swelled and she nodded and quickly got out the car before Amber could see the tears welling up in her eyes. Amber grinned to herself. She had seen.

Amber grabbed their "goody" bag and walked with Breeg up to the front door of the hotel. She immediately had a thought.

"What if the hotel staff think we're prostitutes and don't let us in?" she asked.

Breeg thought about that for a moment. It was possible. Then she noticed what Amber was wearing and her too for that matter. They were in their coffee shop uniforms. They even had their name tags still pinned to the front. Breeg laughed.

"No one stops an employee of the one and only Seattle Coffee Chain!" she joked. Laughing they strolled through the front door, past the desk and pushed the up button on the elevator. It "binged" immediately and the doors slid open. Amber and Breeg jumped into the elevator, pushed the button for the right floor, and the doors closed silently. With a whirr and a slight lurch the elevator headed up. The girls giggled in excitement.

Meanwhile, Ethan had cleaned up and was trying to decide what to wear. He felt foolish, but this was all so new to him. He had considered stripping naked and greeting the girls at the door that way, then considered wearing only a towel and finally decided that the best bet was to wear what he had on at the coffee shop. With clean underwear, of course.

The elevator stopped dutifully at the correct floor and the girls got out, orientated themselves and quietly walked to the right door. With a slight hesitation, Amber knocked softly on the door. They waited with pounding hearts and then the door opened. Both girls smiled at Ethan. They could see that he was flushed but he still had that look that had drawn their attention to him. They probably couldn't say exactly what it was about Ethan that attracted them. He was cute. He looked younger than his years. He had a gorgeous smile that made them want to just make his day. They stood there for several seconds staring at one another. Ethan finally shook his head as if to wake himself up and stepped aside to give the girls room to enter.

"Come on in, please. I am so glad you came over." He said.

Amber smiled and squeezed his arm as she brushed past. "Of course, silly. You were worried that we wouldn't show, weren't you?" she teased.

"Well actually, yeah, I was. This is too good to be true, ya know?" he replied.

Breeg stopped in front of Ethan and kissed him on the mouth. "Real enough, hon?" she asked. Ethan nodded, slipped the "Do Not Disturb" sign on the outside door handle and closed the door behind the girls. He turned to squeals as the girls had discovered the king size bed. Amber grabbed the top sheets and pulled them forcibly off, causing the pillows to tumble off the bed. Remarkably, she managed to clear the entire bed with one pull. She beamed at the others.

The three stood there staring at each other. No one knew where to start.

Ethan cleared his throat. "Umm. I have a couple of questions." The girls looked at him. "It's about protection, you know. What are we...I mean...what do we do..." he faded off not sure what to say exactly.

Breeg sat on the bed and looked first at Amber and then to Ethan. "This is really your choice, hon. I will be honest with you. We are lesbians. We have had sex with men in our past but that was in high school. Amber is the only one I have slept with in the last two years. I know that we are clean. How about you?"

Ethan was a little shocked. He hadn't realized the girls were gay. He had thought them bi for sure. Then he laughed to himself. Well they are now, I guess, or soon to be. "Well, I have only slept with one woman for 14 years. I know I'm clean. What about getting pregnant?"

"We both are on the pill. We are good there." answered Breeg.

Amber laughed. "You do realize that we are going to be eating each other's asses tonight right?"

Breeg and Ethan stared at each other, turned red and then started laughing. Mostly from nervousness, but the humour got through.

Amber grew impatient and without another word started to strip. Breeg and Ethan watched as her body was revealed. Her breasts were small but perfect in shape. They rose up to beautiful nipples. There was no coloration around the nipples, just soft flesh that ended with erect large nipples. On realizing that soon they would be in his hands and mouth Ethan's heart quickened. Ethan pulled his shirt off and continued to watch Amber strip. Amber pulled her pants down and took her panties with them. She stood up and stood proudly in front of the other two. Her belly was flat, toned and lowered down to a downy pussy. The light in the room glistened on her pubic hair, hair that was trimmed to a mere brush cut. Ethan pulled his pants off and stood there in his underwear. His erection pushed the fabric out dramatically so that the sides of his underwear were pulled off his body. Breeg who was now sitting on the bed next to Ethan could see through the gap at Ethan's cock. She gently reached in, Ethan jumping at the first touch, and cupped his balls in her hand. They felt so warm. Then she realized that they were shaven. At the coffee shop they hadn't see his balls and this came as a pleasant surprise.

"They're shaven!" she exclaimed out loud without meaning to.

Amber immediately understood what she meant and scooted down in front of Ethan on her knees. She reached up and pulled the waistband down and over the erection. Now free, Ethan's cock bobbed up and down in Amber's face. Amber reached out and pulled Brigitte's hand away and stared at the shaven nuts. They were beautiful to see. In fact, his whole pubic area was shaved clean except for a patch above his cock.

"You shave the whole thing!" said Amber.

Ethan was completely focused on the fact that a naked woman was standing directly in front of his cock on her knees and another was leaning in from his left sitting on his bed staring at his cock with rapt attention. "Uh, yeah" he muttered. Feeling that more needed to be said he added: "It thought it looked better and it feels better that way too."

Amber smiled and nodded. "It does, it's beautiful, Ethan. I love your cock."

With that, Amber took Ethan into her mouth and started to softly suck on the head. Ethan gasped.  Breeg extended her tongue and lifted one testicle up with it and then kissed it. Ethan stared down at the sight of two women sucking and licking his cock and balls.

"Amber," said Breeg. "He is not going to last long at all. Let's get him to blow now and then we can play around better afterwards. What do you think?"

Amber said a muffled yes around Ethan's cock.

"Let's do this right then, okay?" said Breeg. "Let's lie him back on the bed and see how fast we can make him shoot."

Breeg took Ethan by the hand and laid him back on the bed. Ethan felt so exposed and so excited. He didn't know what to expect and when Breeg started to spread his legs his momentarily froze. Breeg made soft cooing noises and lean over and gently kissed Ethan on the lips. "Don't worry hon. You are going to love this. Let go and trust us, okay?"

Ethan nodded his consent and allowed Breeg to open his legs wide. 

"Scoot to the edge hon" Amber said and Ethan obliged her. Breeg swung down on the floor beside Amber and they both push his legs up and back. Ethan now lay on the bed with his ass hanging over the edge with both feet up in the air with legs pushed back. Ethan realized that the girls were staring at his asshole.

"Oh my God" he muttered.

Amber smiled. "You'll be saying that again in a minute" she said and plunged his cock into her mouth and started to furiously fuck his cock with her mouth and throat. Ethan had never felt a woman go that far down on him. She was standing over his cock leaning over and plunging his cock into her throat with abandon. He could feel his cum boiling in his balls and the pressure was building rapidly.

Breeg leaned in and rimmed Ethan's asshole with hunger.

Ethan screamed "Oh My God!!!!" and erupted with such force that his orgasm almost hurt with pleasure. His cock spasmed into Amber's mouth once, twice, three and then miraculously a forth time. Each spasm delivered what seemed to him to be volumes of cum; certainly more than he could remember ever ejaculating.

Breeg stopped rimming Ethan once the spasms stopped. She loved the way his asshole tightened on her tongue when he came. Amber leaned down and kissed Breeg and transferred a sizeable amount of cum into her mouth. Amber looked at Ethan who was staring at the transfer. She swallowed and then opened her mouth to show that it was empty.

"Told you that you would say it again" she teased.

End of Part Three.