 The girls excused themselves for a moment and Ethan lay back on the bed trying hard to breathe normally. This can't be happening, he thought. I'm just some forty-something joe-schmoe. He heard giggling in the bathroom and wondered if this is the moment they come out with knives and murder him. Or photograph me and blackmail me, he thought.

All these thoughts went through his head while he lay there in the middle of the bed. His cock still hard and wet with saliva. He stroked himself. He heard water running in the bathroom, then shut off, and then the door opened and the two girls came back out to stand at the end of the bed.

He felt like he was on display and was a little self-conscious. They were looking him over and he admired the view. The female form is spectacular, he thought. Their breasts, nipples and the small rise at the stomach all captivated me. I love the way their mounds disappeared, hairless, between their legs. I want to taste every part of these two girls.

Amber and Breeg looked at one another, smiled and then crawled up on the bed, one on either side. Amber popped Ethan's cock into her mouth and swirled her tongue around the head furiously. He bucked his hips and groaned. As the groan escaped she drove her mouth down around the shaft and Ethan found himself completely deep-throated. Her tongue snaked out and licked his balls and Ethan had his head lifted, eyes locked on the scene. He stole a glance at the Breeg and found she was smiling.

"She's very good at that," she said, and he heard the admiration in her voice. "I would have hurled by now. I swear she has no gag-reflex at all. You're going to enjoy this."

Amber raised her mouth off his cock and breathed heavily and then without warning she dove down again. He watched mesmerized as her head bobbed up and down. On each down stroke, she would hold it and lick his balls. He felt his cum boil again. He was stunned. At his age cuming so soon again was almost an impossibility. But the feeling was there. This was the most erotic thing that had ever happened to him.

"I-I'm going to cum," he gasped.

Amber smiled around his cock but didn't stop.

"She wants you to cum,' said Breeg. She ran her hand down between her legs and started to masturbate. He could see her fingers were slick and wet. And she pushed her pussy forward a little and gently rocked her hips back and forth. "She can't talk right now but she wants you to cum when she's at the bottom. She wants to feel a cock pumping cum straight down her throat. She'll get off, watch and see."

He could tell by the motion on the bed that Amber was fingering herself, too. Ethan was so close. Breeg then took her hand away from her pussy. She held it up and Ethan could see just how very wet she was. She reached over and he felt her finger probe his ass crack. Her fingertip touched his asshole and he gasped. She smiled and slowly inserted the tip of her wet finger in Ethan's asshole. Just then Amber reached the bottom of his shaft and licked his balls again.

Ethan exploded with pleasure. The orgasm hit him but he hadn't started ejaculating yet. The girl with the finger in his ass pushed in hard until she could push no further. She swirled her finger over his prostate and his orgasm reached a height he had not felt since he was thirteen. A ringing sounded in his ears. All the hairs on his body stood on end and the orgasm became almost painful in the pleasure. The girl started fucking his asshole with her finger and Ethan yelled and shot jet after jet of hot cum straight down the girl's throat. He heard her moan somewhere off in the distance and felt her shake. She kept her mouth tight against his pubic bone and licked and licked his nuts with broad, firm swirls. He knew his orgasm should be over by now but wave after wave of pleasure descended on him. The girl finger-fucking his ass stopped but left her finger in and swirled it gently. Ethan opened his eyes to the ceiling and fought to get his breathing under control. Amber lifted her head and with a wet pop released his cock and gasped in air. Ethan's cock flopped on his belly and cum oozed out the tip.

Ethan locked eyes with Breeg and watched with mixed horror and awe as she took her ass-fucking finger and put it in her mouth and sucked on it.

"Delicious," she said and then offered her finger to Amber who took it eagerly and sucked on it. 

"Wow," he said.

Amber stopped sucking Breeg's finger, slid her hands under his ass cheeks and lifted Ethan's ass off the bed. She stared at the asshole for a second and Ethan could only stare in amazement. He felt so exposed. So dirty. He loved it. She used her thumbs to pull back the ass cheeks and then rammed her tongue into his asshole. Ethan moaned and relaxed his asshole. He would do anything for these girls now. Anything at all. It felt so wonderful.

"Fuck, ya. Oh my God. That's wonderful," he moaned.

Breeg swung one leg over his head so that she kneel over Ethan's face, facing Amber. She spread her ass cheeks and dropped her asshole right on his mouth. Ethan smelt the faint odour of soap and delirious with desire tongued her ass furiously. Ethan felt Breeg's fingers fly over her clit. Her pussy lips tight on his chin. She leaned forward and he lifted his head to keep his tongue on her asshole. He felt her fingers take his cock and then felt the warmth of her mouth. She slowly gave him head and he was in heaven. Amber had what felt like four inches of tongue in his ass and she was groaning with desire. She ate his ass like she was starving. She wasn't doing this for him, she was doing it because it excited her and she loved. He knew this and it turned him on so hard he shuddered. Plus Breeg had her tasty, nutty, asshole on my mouth and was sucking my cock, he thought. This must be a dream!

They kept at this for about thirty minutes. Ethan would probably never cum again tonight but the feelings he was having had him starved for more of anything. Breeg came on his face three times. Each time she came she would push her pussy up onto his tongue until the quivering subsided and then her asshole would come back to his loving tongue. Ethan was lost in pleasure. Finally, they stopped, spent, and the girls lay next to him, one on either side stroking his chest hair and fondled his rock hard cock and empty balls.

"You didn't cum again and this is still hard," said Amber and she squeezed his cock for emphasis.

"Uh-huh," he said. "It's just the way I am. It's hard for me to cum and I stay hard for hours."

"Wow," said Breeg. "So we could do this for a lot longer, huh?"

Ethan nodded. "Except it will probably fall off before then."

Amber squealed in laughter and swung over on top of him. She grabbed his cock and buried it in her pussy. "So, just lay there, okay? Let me fuck this wonderful cock. Hey, get the lube, hon. I want this in my ass too."

The feeling of her pussy around his cock was wonderfully hot and wet. Ethan could feel her grab his cock with her pussy and squeeze with every push. She had her head back with eyes closed and a twisted smile on her face. She was lost in her own pleasure and used him to that end. He loved it. He reached up and stroked her tits and teased her nipples and felt her juices flow freely and make the ride easier. He looked down and saw white cream piling up at the base of his cock. His shaft glistened with her juices and Ethan reached down and thumbed her clit. It was swollen and sticking out -- easily one of the largest clits he had ever seen. She moaned and fucked him a little faster and he marveled at her skill. She rode his cock with unerring precision and complete abandon. It was beautiful. She looked down at him and smiled with a face framed by her hair. She was beautiful, he realised. Stunning. At that moment he loved her. The love you get when you are in bed with someone. He didn't care. He loved this woman. He mouthed the words and her eyes grew large.

"I'm coming," she whispered and then shook. A deep moan came out of her throat. A growl, deeper than it should be for a girl her size. She stopped fucking him for a second and her eyes went wider in surprise and then she was thrashing on him. Driving her pussy down fast and furious on his cock. She kept it up for half a minute before she collapsed on his chest and shook with spasms.

"Holy fuck," she croaked into his neck. He could feel her pussy spasming around his cock and he twitched it and she moaned. "Do that again."

Ethan twitched his cock again and felt her smile against his skin. "That's nice. Don't stop."

He twitched his cock for as long as he could. She rose up and pulled her hair away from her face with her opposite hand beaming a bright smile. That was a sexy move, he thought. 

"Thanks, Ethan," she said. "That rocked." "Glad to help," he said and felt immediately stupid. He looked for the other girl and saw she was sitting in the chair by the bed with her feet up and thrusting a dildo deep into her pussy. 

"Hi," she said.

"Um, hi?"

"That was pretty fucking hot. I've never seen Amber cum that hard before."

"Yup, that was amazing. I'm still shaking." Ethan reached up and caressed Amber's right breast. It was lovely and soft and the perfect size. Amber smiled down at him and then cupped his balls and held them. The wet sound of the dildo going in and out of Breeg's pussy drew Ethan's eyes back. He watched as she unabashedly fucked her pussy with it. It slid in and out and she circled her clit furiously with her other hand.

Amber moved closer to the side of the bed toward her. "You want me to tongue your ass, hon?"

Breeg grunted with her efforts. "Nope," she said. "Him. Want him."

Ethan raised his eyebrows and watched as Breeg scooted a little forward in the chair to expose her pink asshole. It was a perfect asshole. Ethan licked his lips. Amber pushed him toward her. "Go get her, Tiger."

Ethan scrambled off the bed and kneeled before Breeg's dildo fucking. Her pussy was dripping juices that ran over her asshole. The wet sound was glorious to his ears and the smell of her pussy was delicious to him. The high pitched whine of the vibration of the dildo provided its music to the scene.

Ethan wet a finger and touched the tip to her asshole. Breeg gasped and bit her lower lip. The dildo continued to suck in and out of her pussy. Her other hand worked furiously on her clit.

"Lick it," she gasped. "Lick my fucking dirty asshole. Do it!"

Ethen bent down and drove his tongue hard into her asshole. He felt so dirty and so wonderful. This was an asshole he had just rimmed with his tongue and he already missed it. This time, he had full access and he didn't waste the opportunity. He drove his tongue in as far as it could go and swirled it around like a madman. Breeg would occasionally careen her dildo thrusting hand off his forehead but he didn't care. Eyes open wide he watched the dildo plunge in again and again.

Amber came up behind him and whispered in his ear. "I'm going to lube you up and you're going to fuck her ass, okay baby?"

He nodded and kept tonguing. He felt Amber's warm hand around his shaft and head and groan as she lubed him up. It felt so slick and so warm and wonderful. He felt Amber pull on his cock and he took it to mean to stand up now. He did and locked eyes on Breeg. She looked down at his rock hard lubed up cock and smile and nodded furiously.

Amber pulled his cock head over to line up with Breeg's asshole. It still remained slightly open from his tonguing. Saliva and pussy juice were all over it. Amber pulled his cock forward and Ethan pushed the tip of his cock into her waiting asshole. With only a slight resistance his cock head popped past the ring and he stopped there. Breeg was gasping for air and her eyes were a little rounder.

"Fuck my ass, fuck my ass," she moaned. "Hard. Fucking hard."

Ethan didn't hesitate he drove his cock into her ass down to his pubic bone in one long and steady thrust. Breeg had stopped breathing. He could feel her pushing her asshole open and accepting him. She looked a little frightened and he stopped.

"Are you okay?" he asked.

"Oh my fucking God, yes," she breathed. "Never. Had. Never had something so big in my ass before."

Amber held up a small anal probe in front of Ethan. "This is what we normally use."

Ethan was dumbfounded. He looked over and saw that Amber had pulled out their bag and had emptied all sorts of toys onto the carpet. 

He looked back down between his legs and admired the view. He reached over to Amber's pussy and inserted a finger into the wet, welcoming hole and started to rub her clit. She moved closer and looked down at Breeg's groin. It was a busy place and it looked so wonderful.

"Guys," said Breeg. "I'm really going to cum hard here in a moment. This is the best night ever, Ethan. But listen. I want you to fuck my ass as hard as you can. Really lose it. You won't hurt me. Don't stop, okay? I'm scared a little. Not of pain but of how powerful this is going to be."

Ethan nodded. He resisted the urge to thrust his hips. Breeg's ass felt so hot around his cock. He wanted to fuck her hard. Needed to see her cum like crazy.

"Okay," said Breeg. "Now, baby."

Ethen didn't hesitate. He drew back his hips and watched his cock slide out of her asshole. The ring gripping it tight. Amber squirted more lube on his shaft and he pushed back in. Breeg gasped. He pulled back out and Amber squirted more and reached in and rubbed it all around the asshole and his shaft. He pushed back in and felt no resistance at all. This ass is mine, he thought and started to rapidly fuck her asshole. 

Breeg resumed fucking her pussy with the dildo. Ethan let go of Amber's pussy and grabbed both sides of Breeg's hips. He jammed his cock in as hard as it could go. Burying it to the hilt and pulling out as fast as he could. Everything came down to fucking this beautiful ass as hard and fast as he could. Breeg was red in the face and gasping hard, breathing timed to his thrusts.

"Keep. Going. Don't stop. Almost there. Fuck my ass."

Ethan looked down and saw the lube was brown. The smell of shit hit the air but Ethan didn't care. The feeling of fucking this girl in the ass was amazing. Amber squirted more lube and then some on her hand. She smiled up at Ethan and then reached around his ass and probed his ass crack, found his asshole and started finger fucking him in the ass.

"Jesus," he said. "That feels awesome."

"Just wait until I use my strap-on on you," she said with a smile.

Ethan's eyes went a little rounder. Breeg laughed and then her eyes went round and her mouth formed a perfect "o".

"Oh my Jesus," she moaned.

"Here she cums," said Amber.

On cue, Breeg came. It was loud. Ethan could barely hold on. He kept thrusting. Breeg let go of the dildo and it was forcibly pushed out of her pussy followed by a long stream of liquid. She squirted all over Ethan's belly. Amber ducked her face in and caught some with her mouth. Breeg was screaming without making noise. Her eyes were all white and her head was thrown back. She froze, bucked, froze again. Ethan came. Unexpectedly he came and pumped cum all over Breeg's bowels. Breeg's eyes snapped to Ethan's and she came harder, this time howling. Here eyes rolled back and then she went limp in the chair. Her arms flopped to the sides. Ethan kept coming. It was painful this time and yet so good. Amber was staring at Breeg with her mouth open.

She shook her. "Breeg?" Breeg lay there, her chest rising and falling. "Oh my God, she passed out. She came so hard she passed out. Lucky girl!" She looked up at Ethan. "Oh baby, you're still cumming. Take it out!"

Ethan pulled his cock free and yelled when Amber engulfed it with her mouth, cum and shit combined in some horrible concoction. She sucked him hard and drew the last of his cum from his body. The smell of pussy, piss and shit filled the room. Ethen was concerned about Breeg but was lost watching Amber clean his shit covered dick. She probed his piss hole and sucked harder.

"There babe. All clean. That was delicious."

"Ah, eww?" he said.

"Relax Ethan, I've been eating Breeg's ass for years now. It's not a big deal. Watch."

Amber turned to Breeg and hoisted her legs and started licking her pussy and asshole with broad strokes of her tongue. Lube, shit and pussy juice all went down her throat. Ethan was horrified and turned on at the same time. 

"Come here," she said and Ethan kneeled down beside her. Amber pulled open Breeg's asshole and stuck a finger in. When she pulled it out some of Ethan's cum followed, white and streaked with brown. Amber darted her tongue in and licked it away. She turned her face to Ethan. "Kiss me."

Ethan kissed her. Their mouths met and tongues swirled and Ethan tasted his own cum combined with a nutty flavour. He tried not to grimace but he did. Amber laughed around his mouth. "Oh baby, the next few nights and days are going to be so much fun."

Days and nights? thought Ethan. Really? A shit-eating grin plastered across his face.

End of chapter four.