 So, about a year ago, I had a lot of trouble going to sleep one Thursday night. I was tossing and turning for hours, but I just couldn't fall asleep! At around 2 in the morning, I realized that the reason I couldn't go to sleep was because i hadn't exercised in two days - I go to the gym at least five times a week - so I had a lot of pent up energy. I like to keep in good shape, and so far, I've succeeded. I'm about 5'1, and weigh 95 lbs. I'd probably weigh less, but nature blessed me with a very large set of perky, 34dd boobs. And since I live in Southern California, I pretty much always have a healthy tan to go with my shoulder length dark brown hair.

I decided to go for a swim, even though the pool in my apartment building technically "closed" at 11 p.m., but since there wasn't a security guard or anything like that, it didn't really matter. So I slid out of bed and went over to the closet where I keep my swimsuits. I saw that both of the one-piece swimsuits I normally wear when I go swimming for exercise were in the wash, and I just had a few bikinis that were clean. I thought to myself, "What the hell, no one else is going to be there," took out the skimpiest bikini I had, a little pink top that covered little more than my nipples and had no chance in hell of containing my 34dd's, and a matching thong. I normally wouldn't ever really go swimming in this, but I was feeling adventurous. I put on the too little two-piece, tossed on an old t-shirt and some running shorts, grabbed a towel, my cell phone, keys, and some flip flops, and snuck out to the pool.

I got to the gate of the pool and gym area, and peeked in between the bars of the fence. I saw that the lights were on, which was odd since they were hooked up to a motion detector, but I didn't see anyone inside. Satisfied that no one would be around, I went in, tossed my towel, phone, and keys on a pool chair, and then stripped out of my tee and shorts. I shivered a bit in the cold air, seeing my nipples get a bit erect. I heard a sound, and did a quick turn, my boobs bouncing as I turned, but didn't see anyone. I had the distinct feeling I was being watched. 

I thought about going back, but I knew that I wouldn't be able to sleep if I didn't get at least some exercise in, so I dove right in, and started to do laps. I couldn't swim nearly as fast as I normally do because I had to constantly pull up my little thong and keep putting my top back in place when it started to slip off my nipples. 

After 40 laps, I finally stopped at the shallow end to take a break. I took a look around, and saw these two studs lounging on pool chairs, the chair with my stuff between them. They were looking right at me.

"Um, hi!" I called over.

"Hey there," said the tanned white guy on the left in the black shorts and green shirt, and dark brown hair.

"Hi, don't mind us, go ahead and keep swimming, if you want," said the less tanned white guy ion the right in the dark blue shorts and light blue shirt, and lighter brown hair.

"Um, well, it's kinda late, I think I'm about done," I replied, and started to get out of the pool, my boobs jiggling with every step.

I have to admit, it was quite the turn on seeing these guys follow my every move. In fact, it's usually a turn on for me when I'm the center of attention from a bunch of guys or girls. Meaning, I'm usually quite horny. ;) 

After I had just about reached them, the guy in the green and black finally found his voice. "Well, we were thinking about taking a dip in the hot tub," he said. "Want to join us?" 

His friend chimed in as I reached for my towel, "Yeah, it's a good thing to cool down after a, uh, hard workout." 

I noticed my nipples were rock hard, from the cold air and water, and I knew these guys were looking right at them. So, against my better judgment, I replied, "Sure, why not?" 

I dropped my towel, went to the controls for the tub to turn the bubbles on full bore, and go into the hot tub before the guys had even risen from their chairs. I'm sure they were staring at my ass all the while. The boys then hopped to their feet, took off their shoes and socks, stripped to their boxers, and joined me in the tub. I finally got a good look at them. The tanned guy in the green and black was easily 6 feet tall, and the guy in the dark blue and light blue wasn't much shorter. Both had six packs, but Green/Black had a smaller frame and was leaner - he was probably a runner or a bicyclist - while Light Blue/Dark Blue was very well muscled and stockier. Still, they sort of resembled each other, and I could tell they were brothers. They were also hot as all hell. 

"So, what's your name?" asked the Light Blue/Dark Blue

"Kylie, what about you two?"

"I'm Eric," said the Green/Black and held out his hand. He took my little hand in his and gave it a firm shake. 

"And I'm Clayton," said the other. Finally, I had names and didn't have to refer to them by a color code! I shook Clayton's hand too, and he gave me an even firmer shake.

"So, what brought you two out here so late?" I asked.

Clayton said, "Well, Eric's visiting from Hawaii, and is on a bit of a later time zone then me, and couldn't sleep, so we decided to hit the gym for a bit, and then come for a dip in the hot tub to cool off."

"So, who's the older brother?" I asked.

Eric answered, "Is it that obvious we're brothers?" They both laughed, and i just smiled. "Well, I'm four years older, I'm 32, Clay's 28. What about you, Kylie? How old are you?"

"I'm 25," I answered, fidgeting a bit with my tiny top. The bubbles were enough to make it so that it didn't want to stay in the right place. 

"Do you both live here?" I asked. 

"I do," answered Clay. "Eric's visiting from Chicago. What apartment are you in?

"I'm in 30F. You?" I continued to fidget with my top.

"13G." Clay was staring at my boobs. "You know, you were having a lot of trouble with that top while you were swimming, Clay said.

"Yeah, I know, I was the one having the trouble," I replied. That made Eric burst out into laughter, which made Clay and me start laughing too.

"Ouch, we got a smart ass here," remarked Clay after a moment.

"Smart ass, tight ass, same thing, right, Kylie?" replied Eric, looking straight at me.

I was momentarily taken aback, but couldn't help responding, "Oh you noticed? How long were you staring at it?" I teased.

"Oh, about 40 laps worth." answered Clay.

"So you were sitting there the entire time I was swimming?" I asked. They both just nodded. "So I was being watched, I knew it." They both just shrugged.

I readjusted my top again. "You know, if you're having so much trouble with that top, why don't you just take it off? It's not like it's covering all that much," Eric said.

I grinned, considering it, "You wish-" I started to get out, but before I could get another word out, Clay made my mind for me, grabbed the top by the string between my boobs, and ripped the damn thing off me, fully exposing my boobs. I quickly tried to cover up half heartedly, but let my arms drop in a split second. "Happy now?" I asked the boys. 

"Well, you look far more comfortable, I'd say." Eric answered. My big boobs bobbed on the water surface, the bubbles tickling my nipples. "I hope you don't mind me asking, but are those real?" Eric asked. 

"Of cour-!," I replied. Clay had already drifted close, and reached out to grope my left boob as I got half my answer out. 

"Yep, they're real, bro, feel for yourself!" Clay said to Eric, who promptly came over and started massaging and groping my right boob, and playing with my super sensitive nipples.

"Mmmmmm!!!" Was the only response I could muster, through pursed lips. Not being able to help myself, I started to stroke the brothers through their soaked boxers. Eric and Clay immediately slipped off them, letting me give them both hand jobs. They went over and sat on the edge of the pool, their hard poles sticking straight up. They were both very impressively endowed, each at least eight and half inches. I think Clayton was a bit wider - I couldn't even get close to getting my hand around his shaft - but Eric was bit longer. I immediately started to suck on Clay's massive cock, while stroking Eric. Eric bent over to play with my boobs while I gave him a hand job, pinching and playing with my nipples.

My mouth then switched over to Eric, and i started to stroke Clay. I went back and forth between the brothers a couple times, until Clay said, "I want to fuck those massive titties." Clay leaned over, grabbed me by the waist, and lifted all 95 lbs of me out of the water with absurd ease. This of course, got me even more turned on, since I absolutely LOVE getting manhandled like that. Clay laid me on the deck around the hot tub, legs dangling in, and then straddled me, positioning his rod between my tits. He wrapped his meat with my boobs, and started to tittyfuck me, pinching my nipples and rolling my tits all the while, and I sucked at the tip of his cock as it came up. 

Eric had plans for the rest of me. He tore my bikini bottoms off, and started to finger fuck me roughly. I could hardly stand it. "You like that?" Eric asked. I was too busy enjoying Eric's fingers abusing my clit and sucking on Clay to answer. 

WHACK! Eric spanked me hard. "Bitch, I asked you a fucking question." Eric commanded, and spanked me hard again.

"Ungh!!! Oh . . . GOD . . . I fucking . . . love it . . ." I finally got out, between mouthfuls of Clay's cock as it came up between my tits. 

"Looks like this slut needs to be fucked . . ." mused Eric as he put my legs on his shoulders, and drove his cock deep inside me.

"OH FUCKING GOD YES!!!!!!!!! I screamed as Eric pounded me repeatedly, fucking me silly while his brother continued to tittyfuck me. I wanted nothing more than for these two studs to keep doing what they were doing, not giving a damn that I had just met them.

"I need to feel this whore's throat," then said. He got off me, and Eric dragged me back into the tub, flipping me over, so my tits were in the water. Clay then sat on the edge of the jacuzzi, grabbed my head, and forced me back onto his cock, and started to skullfuck me, making me take his entire huge length, while his brother fucked me doggystyle. "God damn, look at this bitch suck!" exclaimed Clay. I could only make moaning noises as i was taken at both ends, and I knew I was very close to cumming. Clay must have known I was close because right as I started to cum, Clay slid his entire length into my throat, and held my head there, not letting go, making me choke on that massive chunk of meat. and held it there until I came down from my climax, finally letting me breath. It felt like my orgasm lasted for an hour, but I knew it was only thirty seconds or so.

I came up, gasping for air. But before I could get my senses together, Clay started to geyser in my face, coating my face with his hot, sticky, cum. Eric immediately spun my around, rose out of the water, and spewed his volcano of cum on me too, all over my big tits. I had to lie back against the jacuzzi wall for a moment to get my bearings, closing my eyes for what I thought was a second.

But it was a lot more than that. When I opened my eyes again, I noticed that Clay's and Eric's cum had dried on my face and tits, and dawn was breaking! "FUCK!" I said to myself, and scrambled out of the jacuzzi. I looked around for my bikini, but couldn't find it. My towel, t-shirt, and shorts were also missing! I knew that people started to come to the pool and gym almost as soon as dawn broke, so I grabbed my keys and cell phone, put on my flip flops, and had to run home naked, boobs bouncing like mad, coated with dried cum. I don't know if anyone saw me, but if anyone had, they would have seen quite the sight! I made it home, breathing heavy. When I opened the front door, what did I see, but my clothes and towel! There was a note on top: "Couldn't bear to wake you, thought we'd give you a hand with your clothes, though, since we got you out of them! - Eric & Clay."