 A couple of years ago I was living by myself in an apartment right by the beach. Because I had the opportunity to work from home, I had a lot of free time which I used to swim, run, and get a tan at the beach. My body became pure perfection - I was slim, tanned, and toned with breasts that spilled out of the tiny bikini tops I wore. 

One night I got home from the beach just as it was getting dark and I found that I desperately needed to do some laundry. The apartment I lived in had no laundry room so I went to the Laundromat on the next block. I wore a skimpy sundress sans underwear due to my lack of clothing at the time. I figured no one would be doing their laundry on a friday night so I didn't need to worry about looking "appropriate." My brunette hair was tousled and my body probably still smelled like saltwater. 

Sure enough I arrived to a pretty deserted Laundromat. There were two men there, though. They looked like surfers - young, tanned, and buff. One of them actually looked kind of familiar. I noticed them check me out as I loaded the washer, and when I stepped outside to have a cigarette, they both followed.

"Could I have one of those?" The first guy asked. I said sure and handed him a cigarette. The other guy just stood there.

"Need a light?" I asked, taking my lighter out of my purse.

"Yeah..." He replied. I leaned forward and lit his cigarette for him. As I did it he leaned forward, too, looking me in the eye. A tingle went through my body and I realized this guy was hot for me, as I was for him by then.

"I'm Steve, this is Tom," He said, after aking a few drags from his cigarette. Tom smiled. Both of these guys were hot, I thought!

"I'm Raynne," I replied, looking Steve straight in the eye.

"Well, Raynne, what brings you here on a friday night?" He smiled again, making me even more aware of his presence. I breathed slower, taking more deliberate drags off of the cigarette.

"I'm looking for excitement, I guess," I half-joked, hoping he would pick up on my hint. I was already imagining stradling him on top of a washing machine.

"Excitement? Well I am sure that could be arranged..." He took a few steps closer to me, leaned forward, and put out his cigarette. I did the same, making sure he could see my cleavage as I did so. The action was so obvious that both men clapped. I laughed.

I walked back inside and Steve followed close behind, as did Tom. I felt Steve's hand brush my thigh as he walked past. I sat on the counter in front of both men and asked them,

"What kind of excitement would you arrange?" I leaned forward again, this time even more dramatically, allowing for a clear view down my dress. My nipples were hard.

Steve stepped closer until his face was almost touching mine. He put his arms down on the counter on either side of my hips and leaned in close. 

"This kind," He said, and he kissed me on the mouth, hard and with determination. His mouth was warm and his tongue was not shy. I kissed back, moving my hands to his waist. He grabbed my hips and kissed harder.

"Have you ever been fucked in public place before?" He asked, boldly. I smiled, saying no.

"Would you like to be?" He asked, still holding my hips and caressing my thighs at the hem of my dress.

"Yes," I replied, "Fuck me right here."

With that, Steve pulled my dress all the way off. I was completely naked and completely aroused. I noticed a bulge in his pants as he took in the sight of my naked body. Tom stood pretty close by, watching us. Steve started to suck on my nipples and finger my clit. I was already soaking wet and Steve's fingers started to easily slide ion and out of my pussy. I unbuttoned his shirt and pressed my chest to his, then unbuttoned his jeans and let out his throbbing cock. It had to be about 9 inches long and rock hard. I could see Tom over my shoulder and he started to walk towards me.

"I want both of you," I told them, as Steve began to position his dick against my wet slit. Tom immediately dropped his pants to reveal another rock hard cock. His was about 9 inches long, too! Tom hopped up onto the counter as Steve positioned me so that I was sitting right at the adge where he was standing, ready to fuck me. I took the tip of Tom's cock into my mouth while I held his shaft in my hands. He moaned a little as I started sucking. 

Just then, Steve rammed his cock into my pussy hard and fast. I almost screamed but it felt so good. I sucked Tom harder as Steve thrusted in and out. My thighs were soaking wet and Steve's cock felt so big inside of my tight hole. Tom started fondling my tits and Steve rubbed my clit while he fucked me. I could feel the pleasure coursing through me and I started to moan.

"Harder! Mmmm..." I moaned and sucked as I orgasmed while Steve continued to pound in and out of me. I felt Tom's cock tighten up and his hands began to squeeze harder against my chest. I sucked harder and faster until Tom shot a hot load down my throat. He pulled his dick out of my mouth just as Steve shot his own load into my pussy. He groaned and pulled out. I laid there naked on the counter for a minute until I heard the buzzer on the clothes dryer.

"Well that sure as hell beat reading a book while we waited for the laundry!" Steve joked as he put his pants on. I laughed and hopped down off the counter to get dressed. I couldn't have agreed more!

"This shouldn't have to end..." Steve said as he pulled his clothes out of the dryer, "Why don't we go to our place and have some more fun?"

"You live close by?" I asked, pulling my clothes out of the dryer as well. 

"Yep, right down the street. What do you say?" He smiled and looked at me with lust. Tom nodded and smiled as well. 

"Sure," I said with a smile. It had always been my fanatasy to be with 2 guys at once and I knew I'd love a whole crazy night of it.

(Stay tuned for Part 2!)