 After our little sex session at the Laundromat, me and my new fuck buddies, Steve and Tom, headed straight for their beach apartment. They lived very close by, so I was totally up for a night of fun at their place.

Steve and Tom led the way down the block and we talked a little. Tom told me they had a hot tub and that they liked to smoke weed. I loved hot tubs and weed (especially the combination!) so I knew we'd have even more fun together than we already had. We arrived at their building and Steve unlocked the door. It was a very nice place - big, nicely furnished, colorful, and clean. 

"Nice place!" I exclaimed, sitting on the couch between them. Steve got up and returned with some wine bottles and we started drinking.

"Since you guys mentioned that you like to smoke..." I pulled out a joint and lit it up. After taking a few puffs I passed it to Steve. In no time at all we were drunk and high, messing around, and laughing. Steve held my thigh and Tom kept kissing my neck. 

"Let's take this party to the hot tub," Steve suggested, getting up. They led me to a huge balcony with a bubbling hot tub and a beach view. Although I don't go for the corny or cheesy romantic stuff, it was pretty nice. 

"Let's get naked and dirty!" Tom half joked. I smiled and laughed but then took off my dress. Both guys smiled and I knew they were excited by seeing me naked even though they'd seen me earlier. They followed me into the tub after getting naked themselves. Steve was already hard and Tom was getting there. I would just have to help him, I thought.

I sat on Tom's lap and Steve sat close next to me. I could feel Tom's dick pressing against my thigh and I leaned in, pressing my wet breasts against his chest and my hips met his while his dick pressed closer to my crotch. Not wanting to be left out, Steve reached over and put his hand on my ass. I stroked his cock with one hand and used the other to hold myself close to Tom. 

"I really want to fuck you," Tom whispered into my ear as he pressed the head of his dick close to my wet slit. I was so turned on and so high I couldn't help but let him slide right in. He did it slow, and I could feel his big cock growing inside of me. I still had my tits pressed against his chest and my nipples were rock hard. It felt so good to move up and down against his body. Steve sort of sat back and watched a little before getting up and returning with another bottle of wine. When he got back, I was bouncing up and down on Tom's cock, while he thrusted hard, throwing his head back. He hummed and grunted a little and I kept on impaling myself on his hard dick. I was so wet and warm and the water splashed around us until I leaned forward a little, grinding my hips into his, and moaning. I came twice in a row, right before Tom shot a load of cum deep inside of me. It felt so good to be warm on the inside as well as the outside.

Steve noticed our climax and began to move in towards me, as Tom slid his cock out of my hole. I sat down and leaned my head back against the side of the hot tub. My tits were right above the water and Steve moved in front of me to start sucking my nipples. 

"You have hot tits, Raynne," He told me as he started rubbing and sucking them. I moaned in appreciation and started stroking his cock and balls. His cock throbbed and stood straight up, poking out from under the water. I got up and turned around, so that I was standing facing the edge (with my back turned to Steve) and I gripped the sides of the tub. Steve came up behind me and reached around for my tits again while positioning his cock right at my pussy. The water was up to our waists and it was bubbling around us.

"What about me?" I heard Tom say, but I couldn't see him from my position. Steve was rubbing me all over so I was kind of distracted. Then I noticed Tom positioning himself under me, sitting to face me. His cock was rock hard again, already! Steve was still behind me and I could feel his dick rubbing against my pussy and clit, making me so wet I was glad to be halfway under water. Tom started pushing his dick against my pussy, too. I was in between two hot guys and I could feel two huge, hard cocks, against my wet pussy and hands all over my body. I knew I wanted to be fucked by both of them.

"You can both do me," I told them. 

"Mmm," Steve replied, "I want your ass..." He started rubbing the head of his dick against my ass instead of my pussy and Tom took over down there, rubbing my clit with his fingers and thumb and pressing the tip of his cock into my drenched pussy. I moaned and Tom continued to press himself further into me, slowly because he was so big and our position was a little awkward. Finally his whole 9 inches were buried inside of my cunt. 

"Mmm," I moaned, leaning forward so he could feel my nipples against his skin. He started thrusting in and out really hard and I came almost instantly. As soon as I did, I was drenched in my own cum, and Steve started using it as lube for his own cock. He pressed against my ass and started to push his cock in. I moaned loudly and Tom started fingering my clit as he continued to fuck me, hard. I was alternating between slamming forward and backward until both cocks were fucking me as hard as I'd ever been fucked, in both holes. My tits bounced up and down and my pussy clenched in multiple orgasms. Steve's cock felt so huge inside my ass but so good, too. I loved a good fuck and this was double the fun! Steve grunted and fucked my ass harder, holding the sides of my hips firmly with his hands. 

Tom started thrusting harder too, and I knew he was going to cum soon. I wanted both men to cum at the same time inside of me. "Harder!" I screamed. They both responded with harder and more frequent thrusts. Steve whispered into my ear: "I am gonna cummmm," and, "you are so hot, mmm," and things like that. Tom just moaned and shot his load up into me. I felt him buck his hips and shoot even more cum into my hole. Then Steve started doing the same. I felt a hot burst inside of me and my ass was filled with cum, too. I screamed in pleasure as they both filled me up. 

After our intense orgasms, both guys slid out of me and sat down on either side of me. "That was hot!" I told them, smiling.

"Yeah," Steve replied, "Let's have another smoke!" And he got out of the tub and came back with towels and a joint. We got out of the tub and sat at the table on the balcony, smoking and talking about how much fun we had. 

"I don't think I've ever had a fuck that good," said Tom. "Yeah," Steve agreed.

"Same here!" I said, "We will have to keep in touch!" 

And we did. I exchanged numbers with the two hotties and whenever any of us needed a good fuck we'd call each other up and meet for a smoke and a fuck or two.