 Michelle and I had been working late every night for the last couple weeks now. We had a huge deadline to meet, and the only way to meet it was many, many hours of overtime. Normally, I would hate working overtime, but Michelle was such a cheery soul that she made me forget the actual reason we were there. This night in particular was one of the better nights.

We had been working our asses off for the past 10 hours and we were getting to the point where everything was a joke. We worked in a huge high rise downtown so whenever we needed a break, we would just walk around the building and see what kind of ruckus we could create. On that night, we snuck into our boss’s office just to see what we could find. Nothing real interesting until I noticed a light shining through a hole in the wall. “Michelle, look,” as I drug her across the room. I looked through the hole and saw the conference room where we had been working non-stop. “Oh my God,” she said. “He has that there to spy on whoever is in the conference room!” Anyone that works for our company knows that the conference is where everyone “sleeps their way to the top.” Smart boss, huh? “What a pervert” I said. “I think it’s kind of kinky” Michelle said. “I wonder how many people he has seen screw in there?” “I don’t even want to think about it” I replied. “Come on let’s get back to work” I said. “Yeah” Michelle said. “If I don’t get out of here soon and get laid, I might spontaneously combust.” I laughed because I knew exactly where she was coming from.

On our way out of the boss’s office we ran into the cleaning boy. He was the cutest thing. And Michelle and I had endless conversations about what we would do to that 19-year-old given the chance. I felt sorry for him if we got a hold of him. Two sex-deprived, over-worked women in their late 20’s? Oh yeah. It could get ugly. So we just waved and giggled at him as he gave us the same nervous smile that he always did and we went back into the conference room. I looked at the pile of work before and realized that it was time for some coffee. “Hey, I’m going to run down to the vending machine and get a cup of coffee. You want a cup?” I asked. “Sure, thanks.” So I grabbed some change and made my way to the coffee machine. As I came back, I heard a loud moan coming from the conference room. I was so curious as to what it was that I ran into the boss’s office and decided to peep through the hole. I almost died when I saw what was going on. Michelle was in a chair with her legs spread wide open, her skirt around her waist, and she was rubbing her clit like crazy. She wasn’t joking about being sexually frustrated. But I didn’t know how to get back into the conference room without interrupting her. So I devised a quick plan. I walked to the door of the conference room, and kicked it as to knock on the door. “Michelle! Can you open the door? My hands are full,” I screamed. Silence for a second, then “Uh, yeah, hold on, here I come” she said. Not quite, I thought. Maybe if I wouldn’t have interrupted you, you’d be coming. She ran to the door and opened it. Her face was bright red, but I pretended I knew nothing. “What happened to the coffee?” she asked, as she looked down and noticed I was holding 2 bottles of Peach Tea. “Oh, the fucking coffee machine was broken, so I figured tea was next best” I answered. “Good, I need something cold to drink” she replied. “I’ll bet you do” I thought to myself. 

Well, because of the awkwardness of the situation, we were both a little jittery. I set my bottle of tea down on the table, and as I did, Michelle’s shaky hand came flying across the table and knocked it onto my lap. “Oh my God, Jeannie. I am so sorry!” she said. “Let me go get you some paper towels” as she ran out of the room. She came flying back in with a roll of towels from the lunchroom. “Here, let me help” she said. She pulled one off and started dabbing at my skirt. Then she realized how close to my pussy she was and kind of stopped. “It’s all right Hun. It’s just my panties that are killing me. They’re all sticky. I’m going to run and change. I have a spare pair in my office” I told her. “OK, I am so sorry Jeannie” she apologized again. I got up and ran out of the conference and down the hall to my office. When I got to my office, I noticed the door open a little. Stupid cleaning boy, I thought to myself. I walked over to my desk, sat in my chair, and pulled off my tea (and cum soaked from watching Michelle earlier) panties. I threw them on the floor and reached over to my drawer to pull out the clean ones. As I did this, I felt something sweep the inside of my thigh and then something plunge right into my dripping pussy. I screamed, in shock and in pleasure, and then pushed myself away from my desk to who or what it was. I looked under my desk to find the cleaning boy. He had a look of shock on his face as well. I couldn’t speak. “I’m so sorry” he said. I just looked at him in disbelief. Just then Michelle came running into my office and turned the light on. “What the hell is going on?” she said. Then the cleaning boy crawled out from under my desk. “Oh wow” she said. “I couldn’t help it” he said. I told her what happened and she just stood there, not knowing what to say. “I just wanted to taste her” he said. “Well get in line honey” Michelle said, as she walked towards me seductively. My jaw dropped to the ground. I had no idea what was going on. 

All of the sudden, she sat on my lap, straddling me, and reached down and dipped her fingers into my pussy. Then she pulled them out, and licked her fingers clean. I was speechless. First because I couldn’t believe what my partner was doing to me, and second because I loved how it felt. She looked deep into my eyes and said “do you know how long I’ve wanted to do this?” I answered “probably as long as I’ve wanted to.” Just then, we both realized that the cleaning boy was still there. I looked at Michelle and said “Let’s go back to the conference room. There’s more room there and we can lock the door.” Michelle climbed off of me. I stood up and the cleaning boy asked “me too?” “Of course, you too” Michelle said. So we all walked back down the hall to the conference room, entered, and I locked the door behind us. Michelle took charge at this point. She swept everything off the table, all of our hours of hard work. She said “Jeannie, I want you to eat me. I want you to eat me so good, that everyone in this building can hear me screaming because you’re making me come so hard.” She pulled her skirt up around her waist, again, pulled off her panties to reveal a perfectly shaved pussy just like mine, and sat on the edge of the table with her legs spread wide open. I could see her glistening from being so turned on. “Sit in the chair, and since cleaning boy wants to taste you so bad, I want him to eat you while you do me” Michelle said. Well, I gladly obliged. I unzipped my skirt, let it fall to the ground, and cleaning boy got down on his knees to fulfill his fantasy of tasting me. I sat in the chair and spread my legs for him, and revealed my own dripping box as the other 2 stared at it. This is going to be along night, I told myself.

Michelle was pulling off her top. She undid her bra and let her perky little set of tits free. She leaned forward and pulled my top off, then I unclasped my bra and let my tits fall against my chest. We were both completely naked, and the cleaning boy was under the table, fully dressed, waiting for the fun to begin. Michelle then leaned back on her hands as she waited for me to her eat her pussy like nothing she had ever felt. I grabbed the insides of her thighs and dove right in. I plunged my tongue right into her. She let out a loud scream of pleasure. Right then I felt two fingers pull part my pussy lips and his tongue took one long lick of my soaking snatch. I moaned against Michelle’s clit, which must have really got her because she let out a loud “FUCK YES! Lick her real hard, cleaning boy. Make her moan like that again.” Michelle wrapped her legs around my head, which made my tongue go even deeper into her drenched hole. Then the cleaning boy, whose name I found out later was Brad, stuck one finger in my pussy and one in my ass. He was licking me so hard that as soon as he put those fingers in my yearning holes, I shuttered and came all over his face. This only made me go faster on Michelle. Her hips were now bucking like crazy as I prodded at her with my tongue. I flicked at her clit a couple times. Then, as I licked her from bottom to top, long, hard, and slow, she screamed out in ecstasy that she was coming. I felt her come all over my face as it dripped down off my chin on to Brad’s lips. Talk about good positioning. I pulled away from Michelle and licked my lips and Brad was licking his. I sat back in the chair thinking I needed a break, but Michelle and Brad were still rearing to go. 

Michelle jumped off the table, literally stepping on Brad. This is when she asked his name and apologized for landing on him. Then she pulled him up and said, “OK, Brad. I want you to do me from behind while I lick Jeannie to another orgasm.” She pulled me up from the chair and ordered me to climb on the table onto all fours so she could eat me from behind. So I did as I was told. Then Brad dropped his pants and revealed quite the large dick for a 19-year-old. Michelle, extremely impressed with his size, reached behind her, grabbed his cock, and slammed into her dripping hole. He began to do her from behind as Michelle went to town on my wet, wet pussy. “You taste like Peach Tea...my favorite.“ She licked and nibbled and sucked away as I was screaming for her to do it harder. She said she would, as soon as Brad started doing her harder. I went flying forward as he rammed his big dick into her, and her tongue went so deep into my snatch. That only made me start to build up my next mind-blowing orgasm. Michelle was yelling “harder, Brad, harder!” And I was panting “lick it faster, Michelle.” She was licking all over the place. And as soon as she licked my clit as hard as she possibly could, I came all over her face. “Mmmmm, Jeannie, your cum tastes so good” she yelled. And at that, Brad started pounding her even harder. I could tell she was about to cum because she stopped lapping up my juices and just started moaning. “I’m going to cum!” Brad yelled. “Me too” said Michelle. “Come with me Brad!” At that, I turned around to watch these two get off at the same time. Both of their eyes were closed as they started moaning. Then Michelle let the entire building know that she was coming again, and at that instant, Brad pulled out and shot his load all over her back. Michelle fell forward, her face in cleavage. And all of the sudden there was a knock on the conference room door. 

We all froze. Brad pulled his pants up and ran over and cracked the door. He started laughing, and then opened the door as another young kid in a cleaning uniform walked in. “Ladies, this is Jason.” “I have to get in on this” Jason said. Apparently, he knew about the hole in our boss’s office and had watched the whole thing. Michelle and I looked at each other and smiled. “The more the merrier” Michelle said. The two boys walked over and kind of waited for instructions. Since Michelle seemed to bet the ringleader of this sex circus, she took control yet again. “All right, Jason. Which one of us girls do you want eat first?” Michelle said. “I want you both, but I guess I’ll get a piece of you first” he said as he pointed at me. “OK. Jason, you lay on the table. Jeannie is going to sit on your face so you can munch her into another frenzy. I’m going to suck your dick real good, and Brad here is going back under the table to eat me to another orgasm.” Michelle instructed. These boys weren’t wasting any time as they took their positions. And so began the next round of our office orgy.

We all got into our assigned places as the fun began. I hovered over Jason's face looking at Michelle and lowered myself onto his mouth. He darted his tongue inside me right away and I almost lost my balance. He had a thick tongue that took up all the room in my clenched hole. It was almost like having a cock inside me. He fucked me with his tongue for a few seconds, then stopped to tell me how nice I tasted. Michelle took Jason’s dick into her mouth and began blowing him like a pro. She was licking and sucking and rolling his tip around her lips as he moaned against my clit. Now I knew what Michelle was yelling about earlier. I couldn’t really tell what Brad was doing to her with his tongue, but she liked it because she would stop every few seconds to regain composure. Jason was eating me out like a champion. I had never been tongued like this before. He knew all the places to hit, and you would think after 2 orgasms on top of each other that I would be spent, but he had me right there again in a matter of minutes. Michelle was jacking off Jason as she licked the length of his pole. Then she screamed “OH FUCK YEAH! Lick me there again!” That Brad, he was sure doing it to her. Then Jason reached behind me and stuck his finger in my puckered asshole. That did it. I was bucking back and forth on his face as he was licking me to my third orgasm of the night. That got him even more excited and he stopped for a second to tell Michelle to deep throat him because he was about to blow. She did as she was told, then stop to yell to Brad to suck her clit hard because she was about to come. Then she went right to swallowing Jason’s cock. As she did that, he tensed up and shot his tongue so far into my cunt that I exploded right then. I screamed at the top of my lungs for him to fuck me harder with his tongue. He did as I said and I drenched his face with my juices. Just then Michelle screamed that she was coming and pulled his cock out her mouth and he began to cum all over the place. I leaned forward to help Michelle lap up his load. This is when I really thought the night was over. But, yet again, I was wrong. 

Michelle helped Brad back onto his feet. And we all sat there waiting to see what would happen next. Michelle told the boys to sit down. They both grabbed a chair and sat. “You both want to be fucked by us don’t you?” she asked. They nodded eagerly. “OK then. Jeannie, you take Brad, I’ll take Jason, and we’ll switch halfway through.” Both of us girls straddled our given boy and almost simultaneously lowered ourselves onto their pulsating dicks. We began riding these two like there was no tomorrow. I leaned back so I could better receive Brad. He thrust his hips up and down along with me and I rode him so hard. I looked over at Michelle and Jason who were fucking the shit out of each other. We were all panting and moaning. We continued fucking for a couple more minutes until Michelle said “OK, time to switch." We both climbed off. The boys were smiling as they waited to bang the other girl. As I turned to move to Jason, Michelle dropped to her knees, grabbed my ass checks and gave my slit one long stroke of her tongue. “Mmm” she said. “You are so yummy.” Then stood up. I had to return the favor so I knelt down, spread her lips apart with my fingers and sucked on her clit for a couple seconds. She moaned loudly. Then I stood up and said “you taste so good too.” Then we mounted the boys. Michelle started riding Brad and I did the same to Jason. It didn’t take too long to get these boys off. Jason told me he was going to come, which only made me more excited so I bounced up and down on him until he hit my spot sending me to another orgasm. Just then, I could feel him coming. I pulled it out and let him come on his chest. Then I licked off every last drop. As soon as I did that, Michelle told Brad she was coming and pushed herself as far down on him as she could. She whimpered as she came yet again. Then Brad said he wanted to come in her mouth. So she climbed off of him, knelt down, and let him come inside her mouth. She swallowed every last drop. 

As soon as we were all done climaxing, we realized it was 1:00 in the morning. Michelle and I needed sleep, and the boys had to finish cleaning. (If they could even concentrate.) “All right, boys” Michelle said. “Jeannie and I need some sleep. And you have a job to do. Maybe if you’re lucky, we’ll work some more late nights and we can do this again.” With that said we all began to get dressed. The boys thanked us for a wild night and walked out of the conference room. Then Michelle and I started cleaning up the mess. The room smelled of sweat and cum. It was the most erotic thing I have ever experienced. Needless, to say Michelle and I are partners for everything now, since our boss noticed that we “work so well together.” I think he peeped in on one of our mid-day cunt-munching sessions. We sometimes have our little late night rendezvous with our cleaning boys, but nothing will ever top out first late night orgy session.