 Seems as though Jeff got horny again listening to Lisa explain about how she handled our meeting after he and his still unidentified friend had filled her full of jizz and sent her on her way to my place. He suggested, no ordered her to prepare us both for a visit from him at my place as soon as he was off work. She asked if he would be alone and her barked back that didn't matter, did it? She hesitated before answering looking into my eyes questioning, I shook my head no and she told him that it didn't.

We had some time before Jeff would be to the house and decided we'd better prepare. The decision to tease each other the time we'd be taking to get ready, but not to make each other cumm stopping just before keeping each other worked up until he got there. First we got back into the tub where we shaved each other until we were very smooth, then applied aloe vera gel to sooth the close shaves. Of course she teased my cock until it was very hard then stopped, I returned the favor by fingering both her holes first one at a time then both at once until I brought her to the brink and stopped. We showered together and while getting clean we teased and stroked each other as before only to stop just before orgasm, then toweled dry, brushed our teeth and hair to get ready for what was sure to be an evening of enjoyment.

We went into the bedroom and put on our silky under things from the closet, I had a red pair of pajama bottoms with a matching robe I took out for myself but she didn't like the statement that made and picked out something rather different for me. Pantyhose from my nightstand drawer and a pair of her panties, so I put them on she thought it needed a little more work and took out a see through nightie I had bought for her to wear and put that on me. Everything felt good on my smooth skin and she started to get dressed, I helped her with her corset, get it tied pretty tightly in the back to push her tits up and out (they were magnificent) then a pair of crotchless panties and some thigh highs. We admired each other and checked ourselves out in the mirror, deciding this was look we were going for, both of us sluts and prepared to serve.

There was a knock at the door and she suggested we answer it together, I agreed so we did. Jeff looked us both up and down deciding we were presentable and dressed for the occasion even though he didn't plan on my submissiveness also, he was very "UP" for it. He asked if we had any toys we could provide for our adventure, I replied I had a vast collection in the bedroom at the foot of my bed. He asked about restraints, blindfolds, ropes, chains, paddles and whips, I explained I could provide them all so he said get to your room and get the toy box open. I quickly responded to his request and proceeded to my room and opened the large box at the foot of my bed, when I returned to the living room, Lisa was on her knees in front of Jeff sitting in a chair sucking his cock, he mentioned Lisa had told him I enjoyed sucking the jizz from her cunt and ass earlier then motioned me to my knees next to her. He said it was probably a good idea to see if I could be the slut I was claiming to be, he lifted Lisa's head by her hair from his cock and with his other hand presented it to me, telling Lisa to encourage me to become a "cocksucker".

I took his cock into my mouth, sucking around the head, licking it so it got very wet before I felt Lisa's hand on the back of my head and her telling me that Jeff liked to be deepthroated not just licked, forcing me down until I gagged on all the cock in my throat. She let her pressure for a moment until I caught my breath, then said we would continue until he was balls deep in my throat, I shook my head up and down then put my lips back around his stiff cock. He was longer than mine by several inches although didn't have as much girth so it took some effort on my part to accommodate the length. Several times as Lisa pushed I gagged, but got closer and closer to his balls every time, she must have decided I needed a break and removed my head from Jeff's lap only to go down on him in one swift gulp, he rolled his head back saying that's what he wanted from me, all the way down from just my lips around the tip straight down till they were touching his balls. He told me to pay attention because this was my goal for the night, I shook my head in agreement as I watched Lisa deepthroat him stroke after stroke.

He leaned back enjoying her attention and picked up his cell phone, he started to talk to someone on the other end telling them about the fantastic blow job he was receiving and how he had two sex slaves kneeling at his feet waiting to service him. Lisa came up for air and motioned for me to continue with my cocksucking lessons, I put my lips on the tip of his cock and tried to force as much of it in with one stroke down as I could. I failed to reach his balls at first but after 6 or 7 more tries I amazed myself by touching my lips to his balls. Lisa encouraged me more now, telling me to stick my tongue out and try to lick Jeff's balls with his cock completely in my throat and to see if I could keep it there longer and longer without gagging. It surely took some practice on my part but I suck seeded after she helped hold the back of my head down until she knew I had to come up for air (I actually thought I was getting pretty good)

Jeff suggested to whomever he had on the phone to come and join him for some servicing, they must have agreed because he explained to them how to get to my house in detail as I sucked. I felt his hips buck as the first shots of jizz hit the back of my throat and he told whomever was on the phone with him to hold on then put it down and grabbed both sides of my head pumping his sperm into my mouth until he was satisfied that he had finished then let go of my head to pick the phone back up saying to the person on the other end that now I had gotten a load of cumm from the source instead of it being delivered by Lisa. He suggested to the other party to hurry over and he'd make sure I got another load to compare to the two I had eaten earlier, then laughed and hung up. He patted me on the head saying nice job but you still have a lot of work before you are an accomplished cocksucker, Lisa leaned over and gave me a deep kiss, tasting Jeff and to assure me I had done a good job.

Jeff told Lisa to go get a warm wash rag and finish cleaning him up as we still had some time before our other "guest" would arrive. He told me to go get a couple of pairs of handcuffs and two blindfolds so that the mystery guest would stay unidentified. While Lisa was washing him up with her tongue and the wash rag, I returned with the requested items. Jeff asked me if I had any porn to which I acknowledged I had a good collection, then he asked if I had any with men sucking other men's cocks and I told him there was some bisexual videos and even a few gay ones in my collection. He said that figures then asked me what I jacked off to mostly, Lisa piped up and told him about the gang rape video I enjoyed watching where a submissive guy was taken by three gang members. I must have turned kind of red (I felt my face glowing) and he suggested I put it on and sit on the floor to jack off for him while we waited for his friend. Lisa smirked a little bit and she was told by Jeff that she would be providing the lube for both of us as to not be left out. I picked up the remote and queued up some videos to follow each other so they'd run for 30-45 minutes after I started them, Jeff joined me on the floor we both leaned back against the couch with Lisa taking turns sucking our cocks, mine was already hard from what I had just done and in anticipation of what I was about to do, his was soft so after she got me very wet she paid more attention to him. The first video started (one of my favorites) and I was jacking my cock intently as Jeff started in with the barbs about me being gay or at least bisexual, telling me I better learn to be a better cocksucker in case I ended up in jail some day so I'd have something to bargain with, this just made me harder, Lisa took my cock in her mouth a couple of more times as the videos changed on the screen to keep me wet. Then a video came on I had forgotten about, it was one we took when Lisa was dog sitting for a friend, it was a very graphic sequence that showed both Lisa and I interacting with her friends male Great Dane, Jeff grabbed her head and started pumping his cock in and out telling her what sluts we were to make videos of such things, she couldn't see because her face was buried in his lap sucking but he was letting her know what he was watching.

With that a knock came on the door, I started to get up to answer it and Jeff told me to sit down, he went to the door himself and told the mystery guest to wait a moment outside while he prepared us. Jeff came back, telling me to straighten out my pantyhose and panties and get on my knees next to Lisa. He put handcuffs on us both then blindfolded both of us, returning to let his guest in. Look at these sluts we have here to play with Jeff told his friend, I didn't even have to tell them to put on slutty clothes, when I got here he was dressed like a bitch and he even does a decent job giving head. The other guy didn't say anything he just kind of snickered a bit then Jeff said that they should both give it to me like the video I had just showed him, he told his friend to take off his clothes and he went to put on the first video I had showed him about the submissive guy taking on the three gang members. They both watched it and Jeff suggested to his friend that they should "take this bitch kneeling here and give her what she deserves" his buddy laughed, then I felt a cock being pushed into my mouth "suck this bitch, get me ready" I was told. I was a bit wobbly on my knees without having a way to balance myself when the cock was removed from my mouth, I was moved roughly by being pulled by my hair over in front of the chair that one of them had sat down in and a cock shoved back into my mouth. Just then I was pushed down by the small of my back until I was bent over and felt someone stick a finger in my ass, he pulled it out, spit in my ass crack and mumbled something about I didn't deserve to be opened up first then roughly stuffed the head of his cock past my sphincter. Man it fucking burned, I winced and tried to pull away from both cocks from the pain that was pushing it's way in my asshole, my hair was grabbed by the hand of whomever I was sucking and my hips firmly grasped by the guy entering my ass. A muffled scream/moan emitted from my throat (my mouth was stuffed full of cock)

The man behind me kept pushing until his cock was buried deep in my asshole, my eyes were watering from the pain and burning. They started to berate me, I heard Jeff's voice say to Lisa that she should see this bitch being ass-fucked and face-fucked at the same time, squirming and struggling to get away from both cocks, just like they guy in his video he laughed. I heard the other guy say to know one in particular that this bitch is crying, do you think she's having a good time yet. They got their timing down and whomever was ass-fucking me holding my hips started to control all the strokes, the guy holding my head took his hands away and as the guy in my ass pushed me forward so he'd come almost all the way out of my asshole my mouth would be forced full of cock then he'd pull back roughly so he was balls deep in my ass but my mouth was still on the cock in my mouth. He started getting faster, I could hear flesh slapping flesh, louder and louder, the burn eventually stopped and I started to moan with pleasure. This just pushed him to fuck me harder and the other guy put his hands back on my head to force more and more cock in my throat. The cock in my mouth I assumed was the guest because it seemed longer and bigger around but with the level of excitement I couldn't be sure, just then someone said lets fill this bitch with cumm and I about passed out. I just couldn't imagine being this full of cock in both ends, I was secretly enjoying it, they both started to pump me full of jizz I felt my asshole filling with hot cream and my mouth overflowing with spurt after spurt of sperm, I tried not to let any sperm leak out of my mouth as he finished. They both pulled out and one of them pushed me over helpless on the floor (being cuffed I had no balance) then one of them pushed Lisa down also telling her to clean that bitch up with your tongue, his ass is leaking cumm and he has a mouthful. She moved herself around on the floor finding my face first and stuck her tongue into my mouth licking me clean inside and out. I heard Jeff say wait till you see this, they both fucked this big dog....his voice trailed off as I heard the video (that we had made for our personal enjoyment) start to play for the both of them.

Jeff told Lisa that my face was clean to squirm her ass around behind me and get the load of jizz from my ass, she complied the best she could squirming around without use of her hands to get behind me as quickly as possible. They were making noises and making fun of the two of us on the big screen jacking off, sucking and fucking the dog, I felt someone get down on their knees behind me and Lisa was pulled by her hair to his cock telling her to clean it up too, soon the other joined him to have his cleaned up also.

Thankfully Jeff and his buddy decided they needed a rest to recover so they released us from our cuffs warning us not to remove or adjust our blindfolds, sat back on my couch to watch more porn videos. They tired of the porn and decided that we could perform much better for us so telling Lisa to remove her blindfold and go to my room to get an assortment of toys to amuse them with. She was gone for a few minutes when I heard her return to spread some toys out on a towel for them to choose from, Jeff asked her to spread her legs and play with herself for a few minutes in order to get wet but when she spread her legs they realized she was already soaked so one of them must have picked out a dildo because I heard her ask what they wished to see. I could her the squishing of her pussy as she fucked herself with the dildo, after a while she was told to now move that one to her asshole and replace it with a larger one in her pussy, the moans she was emitting were telling me how much she was enjoying showing off for them.

She was told to lean over and suck my cock as she fucked herself with both dildos, since I hadn't cumm since that afternoon when she relieved me in the bathroom my cock instantly got hard again, my balls were aching from not being allowed to cumm and she was sucking very well. She stopped sucking for a second to allow me to regain my composure and asked if I would be allowed to cumm for them, Jeff said yes but not in her mouth, he wanted to see jizz sprayed all over her tits showing above the corset. She teased my cock over and over with her tongue and lips until she knew I could stand no more then took me in her hand stroking me to orgasm, spraying the load all over her tits just as they asked then she was told to help me to my knees to allow me to clean my own jizz from her tits. 

Now I must have been quite a sight to see, here I was on my knees, pantyhose ripped from crotch to asshole, panties pushed off to one side, wearing a nightie that was probably all sticky with cumm and Jeff and his buddy decided to take some digital pictures that they could post on the internet if they wished. They had Lisa go get my digital camera and the cord to download pictures to the computer (conveniently in the living room in the entertainment center) they started snapping pictures of me in various poses, licking cumm from Lisa's great tits, my ripped pantyhose from behind showing my blown out asshole with panties pulled to one side and Lisa sucking my dick. I also heard them taking pictures with their cell phones to be able to show others about the great night they were having then they had Lisa log them onto the internet on my computer, bring up the browser and go to bookmarks that I had automatic links to. They told her to pick "My Space" off the list and see if I had an automatic logon set for it (which I did) they had here download the pictures from the camera to a public folder that could be easily accessed from my home page. Then they had her look for other personal sites in my bookmarks they knew people could access and download them there. They were laughing about how long it would take me to find the sites to remove the compromising pictures and how easily some could copy them to be distributed all over the internet. They pushed Lisa away telling her to get back to me and perform a "show for them" to get them hard again, she obliged getting into a 69 position above me so I could eat her while she sucked my cock. Meanwhile they were saving the pictures to there own personal sites where pictures were stored (Flickr, Picassa, Photobucket and Facebook) they continued to take pictures and short videos until thankfully they got horny and bored with the cameras.

They got us to our knees next to each other and stuck their dicks in our mouth, switching back and forth comparing our abilities, it was agreed that Lisa was a much better cocksucker but I wasn't all that bad, they'd both had worse. Someone unlocked my cuffs and told me to lie and my side to fuck Lisa who was lying facing me (I was still wearing my blindfold so our guest was still a mystery to me) well while we were lying on our sides fucking someone slid up behind her, put their arms all the way around me and started fucking her in the ass the other guy knelt at her head and fed us both his cock alternately one then the other. He became hard before long and I felt him lie down behind me and slide his cock up my ass. We fucked and they fucked us until they came again (which was the fourth or fifth time today that they had cumm, so it took like what seemed forever) I was enjoying it so I wasn't complaining and Lisa's second or third (I lost count) DP of the day so she was cumming and cumming. When they finished in both of our asses they stood up and took a few more pictures of the mess they made telling me to keep fucking her until I came inside her so I had something else to clean out later. I pumped her, kissed her and held her while they got dressed and left. I could only tell because I heard the door open, Lisa removed my blindfold and I realized they had purposely left the door wide open so anyone could see in especially my neighbors. I was exhausted to much to do anything about it for at least 10 minutes so Lisa got up to shut the door then asked me if I would. I asked will I what, and she replied clean out my holes again!