 While we drank a little and waited for our entrées, I noticed that the waitress, a rather friendly one with a very swarthy, earthy skin tone, began flirting rather openly with Nicky and me, but she honed in especially on him. He was a bit flustered and embarrassed by the attention, particularly because he knew that his ability to gratify her was limited. Even so, after several cues and hints that Chelsea and I were cool with it, Nicky started flirting back more decisively with our server. I read the name tag and decided on a frontal attack at last.

"So ... Monica, do you like Nicky here? You seem to ... a lot. I don't blame you. He's rather cute, after all," I began rubbing his crotch in front of her, while playing footsie with Chelsea.

Monica giggled and nodded, though she was a bit stunned at how intimately I touched Nicky. She leaned over with her rather fine bosom heaving and her cleavage on display under a top a size or two too small to contain it all and put her own hands on Nicky's groin, truly curious about it. That was when she noticed how flaccid Nicky remained ... and what was missing. Her eyes grew wide with shock, her flirtatious mood darkened by uncertainty, fear, and even panic ... what was the deal with Nicky's privates?

"Where are ... his ... cojones?" the Spanish word said it all, besides reflecting Monica's Tejana heritage.

"Gone, I'm afraid, sweet Monica. Yes, we grieve their loss, too. It was cruel of the man who took them away. To make it worse, Nicky lost them because he did something dangerous and expensive for the sake of love. Imagine that? Then, to add insult to injury, his fiancée dumped him the moment that he told her that he lost his family jewels," I frowned at the bit, the anger in my own eyes showing to all who could witness it how I felt about what was done to poor Nicky.

Poor Monica's eyes now flashed with rage and sorrow, her compassion also pouring over as she planted a rather sudden kiss on Nicky's lips. Her tears went from her eyes onto his face, too, as she kissed him hungrily, hoping to prove that she still desired him. She whispered something to him, something that I was sure if he were still intact would have made his cock rise to the occasion. That was an irony indeed, that she was most attracted to him as a result of him not being able to do much about it.

"You deserved better than to be tossed aside like trash, sweet Nicky. Never doubt that. I am glad that you have Dave and ... Chelsea, right? They seem to be good friends. Maybe I could be a good friend for you, too," Monica proposed in front of us, overcome with emotion, before suddenly looking worried ... would we get jealous?

"Monica, it's fine. Nicky and I have our thing. Chelsea and I have our thing ... Chelsea and Nicky could very well have their own thing soon. No reason why you and Nicky can't have, you know ... your thing. Do you get my meaning?" I hoped that my point was made well enough.

"And you ... and you and I could have our thing, too, can't we?" Monica dared to indicate that she indeed wanted me, too.

"What am I, chopped liver?" Chelsea asked aloud, but her wink made it seem at least partly in jest.

"No ... but if you are, I'll eat you with some fava beans and a nice Chianti," Monica teased her a little.

"Meaning?" I asked her, curiously, as she heard her boss cough impatiently.

"You'll see ... provided that I get an invitation to your place after work, assuming that I still have a job," she winked at us ... there was something else to this girl, that much was clear.

Monica rushed to take care of her other patrons, while the rest of us chuckled a bit, knowing that she had basically turned our ménage a trois into potentially something else, not that we minded. Who could resist the likes of this Tejana sweetheart, right? I made a firm decision and called over her boss, so that I could make sure that he understood what was at stake.

"For the record, in case you wondered what took Monica so long, it was her compassion for poor Nicky here, who had been treated horribly by his ex-fiancée. You and I both know what it's like to be burned by that kind of woman, don't we? Stupid, selfish, and shallow. I can see it in your eyes ... Cecil. Do you catch my drift? She was simply sharing the milk of human kindness. That's a laudable thing, even if it occasionally causes a slight inconvenience, wouldn't you agree?" I waved a Benjamin to make my point and Cecil nodded.

"You were wrong about one thing, though, sir," he added.

"Which was?" I asked him.

"I was hurt by the wrong kind of man ... not woman. I'm gay," he explained, at which I shrugged, admitting my error, "Otherwise, though, you're spot on. Howard was a complete waste of space."

"See what I mean? Now, cut the girl some slack, okay?" I urged him.

"Deal," he grinned, understanding now what I had in mind ... Monica was going to focus on us for this night, at least until we left.

Monica then began spending almost all of her time with us, even taking bites of our food, not that we complained. She also showed a distinct interest in doing her best to get some signs of life from Nicky, and she finally managed, mostly by waving her tits increasingly in his face. He was only semi-hard, apparently something possible even without balls, but it was a start, and Chelsea helped by leaning over a little, too, catching some food in her cleavage before pushing his face down to her bust to eat it.

I recalled something about the prostate and decided on a course of action that might help ... regularly plundering Nicky's ass while he fucked the others to help him get it up whenever possible. It was one of the creative ways that had some hope of giving him back something of his capacity for pleasure ... perhaps he could lose his virginity, after all. We would have to take him to a urologist, at any rate, to learn what exactly his options and risks were. I wanted my boi, correction ... OUR boi to be in great health, if at all possible. He was our bum boy, our pretty boy ... our lover. We would have to take very good care of him, as I always did.

I then laid out an outline of ideas on a napkin and showed it to the other three (counting Monica, that is). They nodded and Nicky in particular grinned. I could tell that he really wanted to make the most of life despite his orchidectomy. He also still loved me best, wanted to be my bottom bitch, which pleased me to no end. His enthusiasm for my ideas was more than matched by the others. We formed a kind of pact or covenant between us to settle our affairs. We would each have our relationship with each other, defined as we wished it to be and subject to change, of course. Monica left no doubt of her feelings by handing her panties to me and her bra to Nicky.

"It was too tight under that top to wear it. Might as well give it to a guy who will get off on it," Monica licked her lips now before kissing each of us on the mouth.

When we were almost finished with our food, Monica took Nicky by the hand and practically dragged him to an employees' only bathroom, where they were gone for a full half hour, while Chelsea flirted very brazenly with me and frequently implied that Nicky and I should get it on with Cecil now and then. Well, to be fair, Cecil was tall and lanky, with a definite swimmer's physique, which I enjoyed. Maybe there was something to that idea now and then. It turned out that he had indeed been a swimmer and had his body hair removed for that reason and others. Of course, he handily enough turned out to be a switch, too, capable of being both a bottom and a Top. I didn't find that out yet, though, because someone needed to hold down the fort in our booth while waiting for Nicky and Monica to return.

Chelsea kept me entertained by stories of working in porn, including when one jealous husband of her colleagues had thrown a hissy fit, which Chelsea handled by fucking him in a supply closet, and bareback to boot, which she never did on set. She told me that the man calmed down after that, but that the wife insisted that she fuck him every time he showed up at her work, just to keep the peace, something that Chelsea gladly did ... bareback every time, in fact. The marital tensions and jealousy seemed to all go away after that.

"Eden, that was her name, later thanked me for saving her marriage and we kinda have an ongoing deal ... whenever she works and Jack can visit, I take him to a supply closet and drain his balls. Didn't mention this before because it's all part of the porn package, so to speak ... if you could accept the open marriage and porn, you could accept this, and if not, then this would be DOA, anyway," Chelsea noted as she started pulling my face to her tits and feeding me onion rings from her cleavage.

"It's a sweet gesture and I'm sure that you did save her marriage ... so they had the deal that I feared before that?" I asked after eating the last onion ring.

"Exactly and another motive not to do that. They now have a fully open marriage and have worked through his jealousy and hers. My colleagues are a bit envious, the ones that know, but, hey, it's for a good cause... 'cause Jack is a great guy and deserves to be treated like a king ... just as you do," Chelsea said as she tangled tongues with me.

"Well, keep doing it, babe. It's only right to keep up the good work. Including your porn career, of course. Between you, Nicky, and Monica, I'll be one happy camper for a good while before I need another new partner," I grinned at Chelsea...

"Yes, but eventually, you should fuck Eden, too. Now that she's over herself, she's a lot more fun in the sack ... and you really ought to screw Cecil ... I think that his bum would look cute with your cock buried in it," Chelsea encouraged me.

"One fantasy I have is to pretend to be exclusive long enough to 'catch' each other in the act, and then just join in, much to our paramours' shock," I thought aloud.

"Ah, yes ... role-play ... pretend to be the angry, jealous spouse. Very good idea," Chelsea laughed, "Though I really want to get fucked by a bi guy so that you could give him not only a scare, but also surprise arse fucking."

"Me just grabbing and lubing up his ass to ram it deep after I catch you with him? I love it! Are any of these studs colleagues of yours?" I asked Chels.

"A lot of them are actors, directors, and such. Not to mention all of the women that I eat out ... both onscreen and offscreen. Often the same women, but not always. Let's face it, I'm a complete tart, but you know that and love me for it. I can tell. I can see why. As long as they are like me and not complete hypocrites about it, a tart is a lot more fun than a prig like Nancy. I think that now that your worries are gone, you and I ... we're on the same page, aren't we?" Chelsea said.

"Totally. You and I are lovers. Nicky and I are lovers. You and Nicky are lovers. Nicky and Monica are lovers... ," I answered.

"And Monica and you are lovers, too," Monica announced her return with Nicky, his face shiny with her pussy juices.

"And Monica and me?" Chelsea wondered.

"I think that's a given. I love the taste and smell of pussy, though ass is even yummier ... male or female," Monica admitted her preferences.

"A big-time ass aficionado, huh?" I laughed a bit, while Monica put Nicky's face between her tits.

"Hell, yeah! I think that I should marry Nicky and take you along for the honeymoon, so that you can fuck his ass and I can lick your cum from it!" Monica giggled.

"Me, too, I hope, darling!" Chelsea proposed, "Since I'm marrying Dave here, we can have a double wedding and share our honeymoon. I don't think that poor Dave can do without his bum boy for long now and I don't want to do without him."

"Touché," I said, rubbing Nicky's ass as we settled up and Cecil gave Monica permission to leave early.

"Cecil says that I can have the rest of the night off, provided that I share you with him soon ... both of you guys, that is," Monica snickered, "I agreed. Hope you don't mind."

"Mind? Hell, no! I'm flattered!" I chuckled, while Nicky snorted and gave her thumbs-up.

"To be honest, I'm hooked on being Dave's bum boy, too. I wouldn't give that up for the world. So ... the four of us ... lovers, right?" Nicky put out his hand and we added ours to it.

"Lovers!" we shouted together.