 Author's Note:

To be clear, I'm not Hispanic, and I hope you will forgive my clumsy attempts at bedroom Spanish, but it was fun to try and I hope it adds some spice to the story. Maybe someday someone will teach me properly.

SHEBA

-------------

A few months ago Kendra and Carlos moved into the house next door, which had been vacant for quite a while. I'd been enjoying the privacy and I wasn't sure I wanted neighbors, but when Kendra started working on cleaning up the yard, which had gone completely to hell, I felt much better about it. I take pride in my property and spend a lot of time gardening and trimming, so it wasn't long before I met Kenni outside. I liked her instantly, and quickly we became friends, sometimes having coffee in the morning and spending time chatting about gardening, etc. Of course I met Carlos and liked him too. He was very Latin, accent and all, but friendly and very good looking. Since Kendra was a knock-out, they made a very pretty couple. 

Over the summer we spent a lot of time together, taking turns barbequing and sharing a few drinks in the evening. When they finally got their pool cleaned up and open, of course they invited me to share it with them. I was a little nervous at first, especially when I caught Carlos staring at me a few times, but of course Kenni was always there, and her 36C's make my 34B's look tiny, so I figured there wasn't much for her to worry about. 

One warm morning in August, Kenni and I were both out weeding and sprucing up our gardens. I had built up a pretty good sheen of sweat, and I could see she had too. It also occurred to me that she looked pretty hot in her tank top and short shorts. After about an hour she yelled over to me, "Hey Crissy, it's too damn hot out here, come on over and let's have some ice tea." 

Sounded great to me, the heat had been getting to me, and soon we were sitting in her kitchen in the coolness of AC, sipping our drinks. "God!" she said, I'm dripping wet, I really need a shower."

"I need one at least as bad as you do," I chuckled, "but at least it looks good on you." The slippery looking shine on her smooth bare midriff and the dark stains on her top somehow made her look even more sexy than usual. By contrast I figured the wet blotches on my T-shirt probably just looked frumpy.

But I was surprised when she replied, "Wow Cris, I was just thinking the same about you. Hmmm, what do you think?" She giggled. "Maybe we should take a shower together."

Holy shit! I'm sure she saw the look of shock on my face. I hadn't been naked with another woman since the shower room in high school, and then it was about 10 girls, all squealing and fooling around. But that was quite different from one on one in a home shower. Still, there was no doubt we both really needed the shower, and I have to admit, I liked the idea of seeing that great body of hers naked, just out of curiosity. Well ok, it was a bit more than that, she looked sexy as hell!

"Geez Kenni," I said, "do you really mean that?"

"Sure, why not, we won't be breaking any rules. And there's a water shortage, we can save a bit," She giggled.

"Ok," I said, "you talked me into it. I guess doing something a little daring won't hurt."

"Great honey, lets do it!" she said and got up immediately, heading for the bathroom. But I was a little surprised again when she peeled off the soggy tank top on the way. 

"Oh well," I thought as I followed her example and shed my wet Tee.

I hadn't realized they had a custom shower, a little square room with three nozzles, so it really was perfect for at least two people. I guessed Kenni and Carlos probably used it together quite a bit. As she leaned in to adjust the water, giving me a great view of her pendulous tits, she laughed, "Never know, this might be fun!" When she pulled her shorts down I noticed she'd neglected to put on panties, and I stripped my shorts and panties off at the same time. 

She stepped back and said, "In you go, Crissy, I'm right behind you."

When I stepped in I sighed with pleasure as I moved to the back, the slightly warm water feeling just perfect on my sticky warm skin. This idea was looking better and better. We both had pretty short hair, hers red, mine blonde, so we plunged right into the prickly streams, letting the water splash against us all over, teasing our soft skin. 

From behind me I heard, "Mmmmmmm. Oh FUCK, this feels good!" I was a little surprised, I'd never heard her use that word before, but it pretty much echoed my sentiments.

Suddenly I gasped as I felt her fingers lightly touch my sides, slide down over my hips and then trail lightly over my firm cheeks. She was obviously close behind me when she whispered, "Oh baby, you have such a great shape!" And when her hands lightly cupped me I was pleased that she had noticed what I thought was my greatest "asset".

I sighed, letting out the breath I'd been holding, and stepped back a bit, feeling just what I expected, her curvy body pressed against mine. Instead of stepping back, she put her hands on my hips and pulled me even closer. I was shaking. I had never been touched by a woman before, assuming it would be repulsive. But it wasn't. At all. The feel of her softness was soothing, comfortable, even relaxing.

But when I felt her hands, still pulling me against her, sliding up my sides I started, "Kenni...!" But my breath caught in my throat and silenced me when her hands slid softly over my breasts and squeezed lightly.

And I moaned when I felt what could only be her lips on the back of my neck. And I pressed back against them. It felt sooooooooo good! My eyes were tightly closed, and I refused to let myself think about what was happening. Her fingertips were holding my nipples lightly, gently squeezing, pulling, twisting, and before I realized it, my back arched into her hands and I moaned loudly. I loved it when men did that, but she had a different way, so gentle, so relaxed, so "female".

Her head pressed against mine as she whispered into my ear, "In case you can't tell, I like girls."

I suppressed a gasp, but I was amazed. Somehow, in a million years I would never have thought that a woman with a killer body like hers and a hot husband would think twice about another female. I needed to see her face, to be reassured she wasn't putting me on. When I turned, her hands released me but her arms stayed around my body. And I was greeted with the biggest smile!

But in a moment she leaned forward, her lips covering mine as she kissed me firmly but gently. Oh my God! This was so wrong. And I loved it! When she pulled me harder against her I moaned into her mouth and without thinking, ground my body against hers. After a long minute of languorous kissing she leaned back a bit and whispered, "You alright baby?"

Somehow I couldn't bring myself to say it, but I was more than just alright, and I just nodded yes. She pushed back just a bit more, her smiling eyes on mine as she said softly, "You can touch me if you want, honey."

The red tips on those gorgeous pink boobs were rock hard and crinkly, and my hands moved towards them all by themselves. My fingertips caught them and squeezed lightly, then slid around them, stroking softly, and it was her turn to moan. Her eyes closed and her back arched to me, wordlessly begging for more. I put a hand over each breast, the nipples in my palms, and squeezed gently as I felt the hard tips slide back and forth. 

Suddenly I thought, "I must be a lesbian! And I don't give a fuck! This is just too good!" And my hands tightened my grip on her, slowly squeezing and kneading that beautiful soft flesh and smooth skin. 

But I gasped out loud when one of her hands, which had been on my hip, suddenly moved and cupped me lightly between my legs. For a moment I tried to resist, pressing my thighs together. But that only increased the pressure and, oh damn! Made it feel even better! When I relaxed the hand stayed there, holding me gently but firmly. And when my hands resumed massaging her breasts again I felt her fingertips moving lightly against me, teasing my lips, even my hole!

I suddenly realized it was no longer just a soft rush of water in the shower. Both of us were gasping, moaning, sighing, enjoying our separate pleasures, which were really the same pleasures. I loved her touch! But I enjoyed her reactions to my touches just as much. And when I felt one of her fingers slip barely inside of me I didn't resist at all. Instead, I pressed against her hand, asking for more. And when I received it I groaned, "Oh Kenni, that's so fucking good!"

When she leaned forward and covered my mouth with hers again I moved one hand from her breast to her pussy and returned the favor, lightly stroking. She spread her legs, inviting me, and soon I had a finger inside her too. Our bodies were moving against each other, her large tits rubbing against my modest ones, and since we were about the same height, our nipples played together too, their hardness and roughness scratching little trails of pleasure against our soft skin. Our fingers were buried in each other's soft wetness, and we were writhing to the same rhythm, moaning and groaning into each others mouths. 

She pulled her lips from me again, staring at me with an expression of complete lust, and said, "Baby, if you want, we could be so much more comfortable!" I didn't say a word, just stared at her, not daring to think what that might mean. But she took that as a yes, and turned to shut off the water, then reached out to get towels for both of us. We toweled off in silence, but helped dry each other's hair. And when she took my hand, I followed her. 

The master bedroom featured a king sized bed and lots of mirrors, the décor tastefully done. She led me over to the bed and turned to me again, sliding her arms around my waist as we kissed gently. She eased me back until my thighs touched the edge of the mattress, and I really had no choice but to sit on it. My body was shaking, but with desire and anticipation, and there was no way I could convince myself I didn't like what was happening. I knew it was supposed to be wrong, but for the life of me I couldn't think why. 

She sat next to me, our hips touching, and put her arms around me again as she leaned forward to continue our kiss. But as one hand held me gently against her, I felt the other come to rest on my thigh and softly stroke it. I shuddered at the pleasant, erotic sensation, and when her tongue pressed against my lips they opened gladly. So far, nothing had happened that might not have with a soft, gentle man. But I knew it was never supposed to happen with a woman, and by appearances she was certainly all woman. 

But when her hand slipped from the top of my thigh to the soft inner skin, I forgot all that and moaned into her mouth. Her fingers tightened against me and slid up and down, softly caressing. I knew my pussy was already wet, starting from when her fingers slid inside of me, and despite myself, I yearned to feel that again. Without thinking I reached over to cup one of her large breasts, marveling how it filled my hand, how soft and smooth it was. When my palm pressed against her hardened nipple and my fingers gently squeezed, it was her turn to moan again. 

Her back arched and she pressed into my hand, inviting more. At the same time, her hand slid all the way up the inside of my thigh and found the thatch of blonde hair just above my pussy. Her fingers stroked it softly, then tangled in the curls and I shuddered, my legs spreading wider, inviting more. My fingers caught her nipple once again and played, squeezing, pulling, twisting, stretching. Her entire body shuddered and she pulled her lips from mine, moaning, "Oh fuck, baby!"

I realized it was easy for me to do it just right, because I knew what I would like most. Her lips captured mine again, now grinding, tongue exploring, as her fingers slid lower and began stroking my moist lips once again. My body had been longing for that touch, but the effect was so powerful that my head went back, eyes clamped shut, and I almost cried, "Oh my God! Kenni!"

I couldn't sit up any more, and I fell back onto the bed. Kendra leaned over me, kissing my lips lightly once more, then softly kissing my face and neck. Her hand continued to stroke my pussy, and I felt her lips slip over the aching hard tip of my nipple. I lay still, moaning, and gasping with every new touch, totally surrendering to whatever might come. Her lips nursed on my throbbing nipple, squeezing it gently, and her warm wet tongue swirled over the tip, making little circles of pleasure. 

I expected her fingers to slide inside of me again. In fact I yearned for them. But instead, Kendra slid off the bed, and when I opened my eyes I saw her kneeling in front of me. I felt her hands slide up the insides of my thighs and push my legs further apart. And the groan that escaped my lips when she kissed my pussy could have been heard throughout the house. I was gasping, my chest heaving as I felt her tongue slide up and down my swollen nether lips, and she sighed contentedly as she lapped up my juices. 

Suddenly, I felt her tongue enter me, probing and swirling, and I could hear her slurping up the wetness she found there. "Kenni! OH Jeezus!" I moaned.

She lifted her head for a moment and said, "Do you realize how good you taste sweetheart?"

"No I... I never...," I stumbled in reply, hardly able to speak at all. I felt her finger slide inside me, swirling around for a moment as I moaned, and suddenly, it touched my lips! When I opened my mouth in automatic response she slid it in, and my lips closed around it as she pulled it slowly out. I tasted myself, not at all what I imagined, but it was a pleasant musky taste, and I licked my lips as I swallowed, hoping for more. Kendra said very softly, "Would you like to like to taste me, baby?"

For some reason I nodded my head, and felt her climb on the bed again. "Come over here, Crissy," she said as she patted the center of the king-sized bed. I crawled over to her and knelt to face her. We kissed again, this time a hard kiss and a long one, and when her tongue entered my mouth my tongue eagerly played with it. When our lips finally parted, she whispered, "Lie down, honey." 

I did as told, eyes closed, not knowing what was coming, but the bed creaked and I felt it sag as she put her knees on each side of my head. My eyes opened wide, and I saw her pussy only inches above my face, her swollen lips glistening with wetness. But in the next moment, she buried her face in my pussy, her tongue sliding over my pussy lips, then plunging into me, and her lips locked over the mouth of my cunt. I squealed and pulled my legs up at the shock, but her lips and tongue kept sucking and grinding against me.

I moaned and squirmed on the bed. No man had ever eaten my pussy better, and I was totally overwhelmed by the intense sensation. My hips had a mind of their own and rolled slowly, pressing my mound into her face. Suddenly I snapped back to reality as something warm and wet fell on my lip, and when my tongue pushed out to find it I realized it was a drop of Kenni's flowing juices. Suddenly I realized men were right when they said every woman tastes different. It was very similar to my own, but not the same, and I licked my lips clean, analyzing it. It was pleasant. It was good. It wasn't me.

But the taste of her cream and the scent of her sex were irresistible, and I lifted my head and lightly licked her wet lips. She gasped loudly, and her head lifted from me. She moaned, "Oh fuck yes, baby, please lick me, taste me!"

I reached up, sliding my hands over her round cheeks to the outsides, and pulled her down to me, then tentatively ran my tongue the length of the slit between her lips. She groaned, but this time she mashed her face into me, her tongue going deep into my cunt. I squealed and my hips rolled again in response, and I ground against her lips, wanting to be devoured. 

But suddenly she rammed her ass down, and her sopping pussy was crushed against my face and lips. My fingers dug into her cheeks as I suddenly drank a gush of her juices, running straight from her cunt to my mouth. We moaned in unison, enjoying each other's intoxicating tastes. And she began rocking, her pussy sliding back and forth over my lips. I stuck my tongue out, letting it ride in the slit between her pussy lips, and she suddenly gasped and shuddered as my mouth found her clit. I quickly closed my lips around it and sucked and she whimpered against my mound, her tongue still buried in my cunt. 

My hips were rolling, my need rapidly rising, and I tried to concentrate on the sweet pussy grinding against my face. But she found my clit, sucking on the swollen tip, and I screamed into her hole. "Oh Kenni, oh baby, please, please, oh PLEASE!" I was begging, not really sure what for, but now the only thing that mattered was my release. She knew just what sweet tortures would arouse me most and she used all of them, licking, sucking, lips squeezing, tongue grinding. I tried to please her at the same time, but just couldn't concentrate enough. 

My whole body was writhing on the bed, my hips pumping into the air, but she stayed with me, sucking licking, teasing. Suddenly a violent shudder ran through my body and I felt my orgasm overtake me. I was shaking, crying, my hips bucking, and still she continued to lick and suck, determined that I should feel every second of my pleasure. 

Finally I was able to relax a bit and lowered my ass to the bed. I lay moaning, gasping, trying to catch my breath and regain my senses. Kendra rolled off of me, and turned to me with a grin. My eyes opened wide as I realized her entire face was soaking wet. "Wow Crissy, I didn't know you were a squirter!" She giggled, trying to wipe her face clean. Neither did I, if I ever did before no one told me. I guessed the arousal of being with a woman for the first time had pushed me beyond a normal orgasm. 

Oh my God! A woman! I had just had lesbian sex. And I loved it! I even squirted for her! Did this mean my whole life would change forever? She must have read my mind because she crawled up to me and took me in her arms. "Don't worry baby," she whispered, "the next time you're with a guy you'll see stars just like you always do. Being able to enjoy a woman just adds a little spice to life. 

She lay with me gently, leaning over to kiss me again, and I felt her hand lightly cover my breast. Even though I had just had an amazing orgasm it felt nice, soothing, comfortable. But I realized that she'd made me cum and I hadn't returned the favor. I reached between us and felt her lift to give my hand access, obviously wanting more. 

She sighed at the first touch of my fingertips on her pussy, and moaned into my mouth when my fingers began to stroke. I realized she was soaking wet, and my fingers slid easily into her once again. Immediately her hips began to roll and my fingers went deeper until my they were buried in her. Her hips, my hand and her fingers on my breast were all moving to the same rhythm. Quickly she began to moan, and gasped out, "Fuck Crissy, that feels so good! Oh baby, fuck me!"

I felt her fingers clamp down hard on my nipple as I started slapping my hand against her cunt, driving my fingers deep into her. Her hips were rolling hard and her body felt slippery from the sheen of sweat that was forming. The moans got longer and louder, almost pleading, and I began to sweat too from the exertion of fingerfucking her. 

I knew what she needed and quickly moved between her legs, keeping my fingers inside her. I stopped moving my hand as I bent my head and kissed her pussy and her hips lifted off the bed, pressing against my lips and my fingers. I licked her gently and found her waiting clit, hard and swollen. "OH FUCK!" she screamed as my lips closed around the little nub, and her entire body convulsed as her head flew back against the pillow. 
