 The idea of a shower was a hit with all of us, and Kenni got our robes for us so we could go from the pool to the house. We headed straight for the shower room, and Kenni giggled as she bent to pick up her clothes and mine, still littering the floor from our "morning workout". She hung the robes next to the door as Carlos got the water going, and we all quickly stepped inside. The water was just a bit warm, perfect! 

There was plenty of room for the three of us in the custom shower, and as Kenni and I turned and looked at each other we spontaneously giggled. This was where it all started, just a few hours ago, and the amazing time since was hard to believe. Of course Carlos didn't know, but I'm sure he'd guessed when he saw the clothes on the floor. She stepped over to me and ran a finger down my body, between my breasts. "Glad you came in for tea?" she giggled.

The thought shocked me for a moment, but I knew the answer. "Yes of course!" I replied. "Although I never imagined anything like this in my craziest dream. But I feel wonderful! Like a new chapter in my life!"

"Me too," Kenni said softly, "I've been attracted to you, I must admit, but I never really thought anything would happen. I was too afraid you'd run away and hate me forever." And as her hands went to my waist, her lips leaned to mine for a kiss. 

My body responded gladly, and I realized I was now hungry for her touch. I had just been pounded hard by Carlos, and experienced the greatest raw sex ever, but by contrast she was gentle, so smooth and soft. And loving. I melted into her arms as I put mine around her, and we slowly moved against each other. Our first kiss started lightly, lips touching lips. But as the contact of our bodies grew so did our passions, and soon our tongues were playing between our lips. We teased each other, lips moving, tongues touching, and we soon moaned softly together. 

We heard a low groan from Carlos, almost forgotten for a moment. "Ay Dios!" he gasped. "Do you two know how hot you look? I'm on fire just watching you!"

Surprised, we broke the kiss and turned to look at him. But we both gasped as we realized his cock was rock hard, standing straight out with his hand around the base. He smiled at us as he stroked himself, very slowly. But he said, "Please don't stop, I love to watch you, mis queridas! You are so sexy together!"

He was right. My body was already tingling from her touch. I could feel the familiar heat in my belly, before today only caused by the touch of a man. When she turned back to me I smiled as I reached and softly touched her breast. I caught the hard red little bud in my fingertips and lightly stroked it. Aware now of Carlos, we performed a bit for him, turning so he could see. The idea of him watching us made me shudder. She shut her eyes and moaned quietly, letting the pleasure of my touch run through her. 

As I bent my head down to her breast I slipped a hand between her legs, which she immediately spread wider for me. Her wet body was slippery under my hand, and as I sucked on her red bud my hand slid back and forth over her pussy. She moaned and put a hand on Carlos' shoulder for support, and when she arched her back I sucked her deeper, my tongue swirling around her hard nipple. Her hips started to rock against my hand, and I could feel her slippery juices even with the water pouring down. 

Carlos had moved closer till he was almost in back of her, and she leaned against his shoulder. And I heard a groan of pure pleasure when his lips started to move up and down the curve of her neck and shoulder. I slid two fingers into her slowly, as she thrust forward to meet my hand. Her hips rotated, letting her feel my fingers everywhere inside her and I could feel her shaking. I lifted my head from her breast and kissed her hard, and she rammed her tongue into my mouth, her moans muffled inside me. 

I felt a hand on my side, and realized Carlos had an arm around each of us now. And when I lifted my lips from Kenni, he leaned forward, his arm tightening as he kissed me, our lips grinding together. Kenni's entire body was moving now, as she fucked herself on my fingers, gasping and groaning with her eyes tightly shut. I reached my other hand to her side and found Carlos' cock, waiting and ready, and my hand stroked him hard. The feel of that massive tool in my palm made me shudder. 

Carlos was at her side, and he bent his head down, sucking in her nipple, his lips working against it and his tongue grinding hard. She was writhing against us, impaled on my fingers, her breast deep in his mouth. I knew now what she needed, and slid my fingers from her, then moved behind her. And I wrapped my arms around her, my hands holding her breasts, fingers squeezing, and I presented her to Carlos. 

He took his cock in hand, rubbing it between her legs, over her belly, her mound, her clit, as she whimpered and moaned, squirming in my grip. He reached down beneath one of her thighs and lifted her leg till she could rest her foot on the soap tray, leaving her spread wide open. And he wasted no time, pushing hard as he entered her with a snarl! The groan she gave could have been heard throughout the house, and I felt her body buck as she thrust forward, meeting him. 

She leaned back against me, her neck pressed against my shoulder, and her whimpers and cries echoed in my ear as he pulled back and thrust again and again till he was buried in her. He began fucking her, so hard I had to brace myself to hold her as he rammed into her. She lifted her hands to his sides and held him, pulling him to her with every thrust. She was shaking and shuddering, so hard the leg she had on the floor hardly held her, and I was giving her the support she needed as she rolled her hips, meeting his thrusts.

She was panting, and she began gasping, "Asi, asi, damelo damelo! Dios, me encanta, me encanta con tu pinga!" over and over, getting louder as he fucked her harder and faster. I had no idea what it meant, but the passion and lust in her voice told me all I needed to know. Carlos was grunting with every stroke as he slammed into her, the enclosed space of the shower magnifying the wet slapping sounds as their bodies collided. 

Even though I had seen them fucking just hours before I found myself biting my lip, the eroticism of the scene was so intense. And once again I was contributing to it, now clutching her breasts in my hands! I knew that if not for the water my pussy would be dripping on the floor. 

Suddenly Carlos lunged forward, put his hands on her waist and pulled her against him. Their bodies ground together, their lips locked in a desperate kiss. Her arms went around his neck as he used his hands to ram her down onto his cock and they both grunted with every thrust. She gave a loud moan, then screamed, the noise deafening in the little room, her body jerking, spasming, out of control in his grip. But he continued to thrust, her body shaking with every impact, until he finally growled, grinding against her, and his hips bucked as he filled her with his cum. 

Her foot slipped from the tray and her head fell against his chest, his arms and hers holding her up. I stepped forward and put my arms around her, pressing against her back. I moaned softly, "oh baby, baby!" overcome by the passion of the scene. And she turned her head and kissed my cheek, then turned back to Carlos as their lips locked again. He fell back against the wall of the shower, holding her against him. 

When he finally opened his eyes Carlos saw me behind Kenni, and he said softly, "Come here querida, be with us," holding out an arm as he did so. When I moved to their side he pulled me against them and leaned over, giving me a gentle kiss. "Crissy, as you know by now, Kenni and I are very passionate with each other, and we love each other very much. But I swear, you do something, being with us. I can feel it in myself, seeing you with her, and I can see it in her, with you. Dios! The two of you together set me on fire!"

Kendra turned to me and put a hand to my cheek, pulling me to her for a kiss, not lustful, but friendly and deeply passionate. Then she smiled and changed the tone and the subject. "All this activity with my two lovers has done one thing. I'm starving! Let's go see what we can find for supper!"

We all laughed at the incongruity, but I suddenly felt hungry too, and we quickly dried off and stepped out of the shower. I was a little relieved that we put our robes back on, not quite ready for nude dining. I helped Kenni round up a meal from what she had on hand and we all sat down and ate with gusto, our appetites definitely piqued. I was suddenly very comfortable with them, feeling closeness and a true friendship. I had been welcomed into their relationship. And I couldn't get her words, "two lovers" out of my head.

When we'd finished, I wondered if our day was over, since I had been with Crissy since morning. But it seemed they just assumed I'd stay and sit with them in the living room as Carlos got three cans of beer from the fridge. I sat next to Kenni on the couch, and Carlos sat in the easy chair near us. A full stomach and the beer did wonders, and I felt comfortable, even cozy as we watched a little TV and chatted. And I found out Kenni did too, as she leaned over and put her head on my shoulder. And when I put my arm around her spontaneously she looked up to me with a smile. 

I wasn't at all sure what was going on, what I felt, but I knew I didn't want to leave right then. Carlos went and got another round of beer, and when he came back, handing them to us, I patted the couch next to me, seeing no reason why he should be so far away. With a smile he tousled my hair a little as he sat next to me. Kenni reached across me and ran her hand gently down the side of his face in a little sign of affection. "Querida," he whispered softly. 

In a few minutes, I felt Carlos' arm slide gently around my shoulders, and it felt so good I shifted, moving closer to him. When I moved Kendra looked up and, seeing us pressed together, she moved too, turning to me and putting her hand on one shoulder as she pressed her cheek against the other, smiling up at me. I found myself running my hand up and down her back. "Mmmmmmmm," she sighed as she snuggled closer. 

I felt wonderful, way too good to move, but I also felt something else, a little tingle of excitement at the closeness of these two lovers, now my lovers too! And when I felt Kenni's hand move from my shoulder to my cheek it was the most natural thing in the world to bend down and give her a kiss. 

When we moved I felt Carlos' hand tighten against my shoulder, and he shifted, turning towards me. And his other hand fell lightly on my thigh, over the robe. I had no illusions, and I felt my breathing deepen as I realized the three of us were gradually becoming more intimate in our touches. But I didn't mind, in fact I welcomed it, a shiver of excitement running through my body. All of us had already been about as intimate as it's possible to be, and somehow, this seemed only natural. 

I turned my head to Carlos, to find his eyes on me, smiling, and I leaned slowly over to him. His lips met mine halfway in a gentle kiss, and I sighed softly with pleasure at the touch. But I suddenly shuddered as I felt Kenni's hand slide gently from my face and inside my open robe, moving until it found my breast. She barely touched, her hand gently cupping me, but I shivered violently and stretched, a charge of undeniable sexual excitement flashing through me. 

And when Carlos' hand slowly pulled back the side of my almost unbuttoned robe I spread my legs a little wider for him. But when his fingertips lightly ran up the inside of my thigh I gasped loudly, my body tensing for a moment before relaxing to the feeling. Now Kenni turned completely to me, pulling her knees onto the couch as she put both hands on my cheeks before kissing me, gently first, then harder, her tongue running over my lips. 

I moaned and leaned back, pressing against Carlos' shoulder as I let my tongue play our little game, tips dueling outside our open lips. And when I felt his hand gently close over my naked thigh I groaned as I pressed my leg against his. 

There was no longer any doubt what we were doing when I felt Kenni's fingers undoing the few buttons on my robe. I was breathing deeply, almost gasping, and I could feel the wetness in my pussy. She pulled back one side and lowered her lips to my breast, covering the nipple and sucking gently. I moved my hand from her shoulder to her head, holding her lightly against me, relishing the feeling of the warm wetness and the tongue swirling against my hardened and throbbing little nub.

My hips were rolling slowly, easily in time with Carlos' hand running up and down my thigh, but my eyes opened and I gasped, "OH!" when I felt his fingertips lightly brush my pussy lips. And I realized his lips were practically brushing my ear when he breathed, "You are so delicious, Querida."

That sent a charge through my entire body, and I groaned as my body lifted off the couch, arching against his hand and her mouth. I desperately needed his touch and he stroked me softly, fingers running up and down my lips, and then down between my legs. I felt his fingertip tease the hungry mouth of my cunt, but then he took his hand away and I realized he had raised it to his lips. He moaned with pleasure as he licked my hot juices from his fingers, before he whispered to Kendra, "She is so wet, and so luscious, querida."

She didn't say a word, but lifted her head from my breast, and I felt her lips and tongue leave a long wet trail down my body as she slid off the couch, ending up in front of me on her knees. And as she lowered her mouth to my pussy Carlos gently put a hand on her head. Her lips slid up and down my pussy, getting me glistening wet, and then she moved down, her tongue making little circles around my entrance. I was already dripping wet there and she lapped up my juices, pausing to look up and smile at Carlos. But I groaned, crushing my head back against him when she slid her tongue into me and I felt it swirl as she gathered my nectar and slurped it down. 

I slapped my hand down against Carlos's thigh, needing something to hold on to as my whole body was in motion, undulating to their touches. But he grunted, and I opened my eyes to look down and realized I had barely missed his rigid erection, which made a giant tent in his robe. And when he pulled the flap aside and led my hand to it I moaned with relief, getting a tight grip on him. 

It was his turn to moan, and I started sliding my hand up and down his shaft, loving the feeling of the warm hardness against my palm. In fact we moaned together as Kenni's tongue and lips continued to devour my pussy, her loud slurping telling me she couldn't get enough. And the wet squishy sounds told me her fingers were deep in her cunt. 

Carlos turned to me and his hand went behind my head, pulling my lips hard against his as he rammed his tongue deep into my mouth. I sucked on it, whimpering and crying, my need rising with every moment and every touch. My entire body was writhing on the couch so hard they both had to hold me down. Finally Carlos lifted his lips from mine and said softly, "Ride me, querida!" 

Oh my God! I've never done anything more willingly, pulling off my robe as I stood from the couch and waiting an eternity as he slouched down, his giant cock pointing straight up, beckoning to me. When he patted his thigh, looking up at me with a smile, I straddled his legs and lowered myself to him, till I felt the tip touch my lips. He guided it into me, and I greedily pushed down, ignoring the ache from our earlier encounter by the pool. Knowing I could take him I was more relaxed now, and with my dripping cream his cock was wet and slippery to the base before I got there. I stroked up and down a few times, my cunt easily adjusting now, and soon I was able to swallow him whole. 

He gasped and I moaned as he filled me, once again stretched wide, but now only feeling intense pleasure. I couldn't stay still, and quickly moved harder and faster, my ass slapping down hard against his thighs. After a couple of minutes of absolute pleasure my legs tired and I leaned forward, gasping, putting my hands on his chest. He pulled his legs up and started rolling his hips, ramming his cock into me even harder. Kenni climbed up onto the couch on her knees and leaned over, kissing him as he fucked me hard, his full length impaling me with every thrust. 

We were all moaning, gasping, and I knew I couldn't take much of this, my pussy already fluttering, contracting around him. I began whimpering, then little cries, quickly becoming louder and higher pitched. He grabbed my hips and began ramming me down on him as he thrust harder and harder into my greedy hole. My chest was heaving, my breath coming in broken gasps and he growled, driving himself into me even harder, then holding me down, grinding his cock into me. 

Oh fuck! I realized I was over the edge and grabbed one of his arms and one of Kenni's, desperately needing something to hold on to. And I gave a coarse scream, the end of it catching in my throat as I suddenly exploded on him, my cunt contracting so hard he stopped in mid-stroke, and I slowly slid down the rest of the way. But I didn't know it, my entire body writhing, eyes so tight I saw only fireworks as I moaned and cried my way through my orgasm. My hips ground against him, wanting the impossible, even more!

Finally I collapsed, my head falling against his chest, and I could feel tears running down my cheeks from sheer effort and ecstasy. And suddenly I was aware of something else. His rock hard cock was moving slowly inside of me, his hips rolling easily under me. I opened my eyes and saw his face, eyes shut tight from effort and strain, and I realized he was fighting hard, trying to retain control. 

I moaned, my body unable to respond, and I slipped off of him, dropping to my knees. I grasped his throbbing cock and started to lick my cream from it, tasting myself like never before. But then Kenni was beside me, and she began licking too, moaning as she savored my flavor. She wrapped her fist around the base, but then offered the tip to me with a giggle. I was recovered enough to greedily slurp it in, lips sliding easily over the head with the slippery wetness. I bobbed up and down a few times, taking as much as I could of him, then, remembering my first try I pulled back and smiled at Kenni. 

She wasted no time, her lips replacing mine, and I watched her technique as she sucked hard and took him deep. But I still gasped as she suddenly lunged, taking him to the back of her throat, lips grinding into his rich black pubic hair. He moaned and gasped, his hips thrusting against her lips, obviously loving being swallowed alive. And I could see her throat contract as she tried to do it literally, and he gasped even louder, his hands tightening on her head. 

But when she pulled back, gasping for breath, she handed him back to me and I once again dove onto him, now relishing the feeling of my mouth being filled. But I ached to be able to swallow him as she had, and after a few strokes I lunged forward. To my amazement, I felt him slide a few inches into my throat, but in an instant the gagging feeling was horrible, and I pulled back, choking and gasping. She took over, this time teasing him with her lips and tongue on the sides of his shaft before sliding down him again. 

And when I finally got my breath back I growled, "FUCK!" in frustration. And even in the middle of the ecstasy of Kenni's mouth, Carlos said softly, "Ay querida, no!" I realized he meant I should not be upset, and his sudden smile told me I had done well. But I could only think of how happy he would be if I could only learn. Then it occurred to me, I was assuming that this could, would happen again. Did I have any reason or right to think that? I had no idea. But I realized I was hoping hard that it would! 
