 A lot of things have changed in our lives. Several months ago Carlos wanted to talk with Kenni and me, and he told us that his "little" brother Luis, a couple of years younger, my age, was leaving the military after eight years, mostly in the Middle East. Since their family is not in the U.S. Carlos wanted to let him stay with us for a while till he got situated and decided what he would do next. 

We knew that might mean major changes in our lives for a little while, but of course Kenni and I were eager to help, because he was Carlos' brother and because he had given so much for our country. Kenni had met him years ago, before they were married; I barely knew he existed. But we all agreed we could not keep our relationship from him, and we'd have to see if he could deal with it. 

He arrived from the airport in a cab stuffed with three duffle bags, everything he owned. And I watched as the cab driver tried to get a bag out of the trunk and was barely able to drag it out and let it fall to the ground. Then Luis grabbed the other bag and yanked it out with one hand! The one in the cab was a little smaller, and the driver managed to lug it to the house with both arms wrapped around it, while Luis carried the bags from the trunk, one in each hand!

Ohmyfuckingmotherofgod! Luis was Carlos on steroids! Their faces were close enough to be twins, and Luis was about the same height. But he outweighed Carlos by at least 30 pounds. And it was all muscle! Kenni had gone shopping so it was up to me to greet him, and when I opened the door I got a big smile. "I remember Kendra, so you must be Cristina," he grinned, but I think he was a little surprised I didn't appear to be Latin. He sounded a lot like Carlos, same deep voice, but with a bit more of an accent. 

I wanted him to feel at home and said, "Please, Luis, call me Crissy!" and went on tip-toes to give him a kiss on the cheek. And he took my hand in his big paws and leaned forward, returning little kisses on both cheeks! God, I was almost melting on the spot, and I didn't know how to handle it. I hoped he wouldn't notice the flush on my face. 

We sent the driver on his way and I had him bring his bags to the spare bedroom. I tried to move one over to make more space, and I couldn't even budge it! We sat in the living room and got acquainted a bit as he told me about his trip, and how happy he was to finally be home again. And all I could see was that smile that flashed at the slightest provocation. 

Without going into details I told him how I'd met Kenni and Carlos and how it just seemed natural for us to be together. I could see a little question on his face, but he could see how happy I was, and seemed to accept the situation. He said he'd be looking for job in the area, since he had no other family in the country, and Carlos had said he might be able to work at his company. He had quite a bit of money saved from his military salary, and would look for an apartment, not a problem if the job search didn't take too long. 

I told him not to be in too much of a hurry, and enjoy himself, get adjusted to his new life. Then I asked him a general question about life in the military overseas, an immediately, a shadow crossed his face. And he leaned forward, speaking quietly. He told me he hadn't wanted to leave, and felt guilty about letting his buddies have to go on without him. But he'd been having nightmares, and began waking up screaming and crying almost every night. 

His CO found out and one thing led to another. The army shrinks suggested he be sent stateside, away from the combat zones. But it got even worse, the guilt eating at him. Finally he knew he had to leave. And so, here he was, hoping a total change and a new life would cure him. He reminded me of a giant teddy bear, his body tough as nails, and yet his mind desperately needing help. I wanted to cuddle him, hold him, try to take away the pain and fears.

Kenni arrived and they had a bit of a reunion, although they'd never known each other well. But she glanced at me and I could see the same reaction in her face as must have been in mine. The resemblance to Carlos was uncanny. And perhaps our reaction to him was predictable. 

The real reunion took place when Carlos got home. As kids they had been close, and it was obvious the bond was still very strong. We had dinner and talked long into the night. I had quietly told Kenni and Carlos to avoid his time in the military if possible, and we talked about job prospects, possible travel and things like getting him a car. Finally we were all yawning and it was clearly time for bed so we said our good nights. 

We wanted him to be comfortable, and refrained from any of our usual frolicks, agreeing a little more rest wouldn't hurt us either. But I woke up with a start around 2 AM, to a loud yell. Kenni and Carlos did too, and we listened as Luis whimpered and groaned his way through a nightmare. I felt terrible, knowing the background, and finally couldn't stand it any more. I hurt almost as much as he did. I got up and pulled on a Tee and shorts, then leaned over to Kendra, giving her a kiss. She whispered to me, "I know, baby." 

I opened Luis' door and went quietly to his bed, lying on top of the sheet, next to him. And gently I put an arm across his covered body and pulled myself against him. Suddenly, he jumped violently, his hand under the sheet pushing my arm away so violently I almost fell back. I should have known better than to hold him. "He yelled, No! No!" and suddenly sat straight up, eyes wide open. 

I stayed low, afraid he might swing his arms, and said softly, "Luis! It's ok Luis, it's me, Crissy!"

He yelled out, "OH GOD!!" and looked down at me. And he began to gasp, his chest heaving, and I heard a single sob, before he caught himself. Big boys don't do that. "What are you doing here?" he said, staring at me.

"Honey, I heard you, we all did. I wanted to help. No one should be alone and suffer like that!" and I reached out and grabbed his hand, squeezing it. His body had been rigid, but little by little I felt him relax as we just looked at one another. 

Suddenly he pulled his other hand out from under the sheet and slammed it on the bed. "DAMN! He shouted. "You have been so nice to me, and I can't even get through one night without upsetting every one!" And he put his hand over his face. 

"Shhhhhhhhh, baby," I said. "We aren't upset, we just feel bad for you. But you are in just the right place now, with your brother and those closest to him. Things will change and get better. I promise, Luis. Now lie down and relax. I'll stay with you."

He let out a long shaky breath, like he'd been holding it in for minutes, and his body slumped back onto the bed. I pushed myself up and kissed his cheek softly. When he turned onto his side again, I slid my arm back over him, my hand pressed against his chest. Since the sheet had slipped to his waist I was now touching his skin. When I pressed against his back he shuddered and stretched. 

He didn't move for several minutes and I thought he might be asleep, but then he said quietly, "I like having you here Crissy, but I don't think you should touch me like that. It's been a long time and... well, women in burkas aren't very appealing. I'm sorry, but I don't think I can sleep if you touch me. I'm... I'm... oh shit, I have a hard-on!"

I almost giggled, but I knew he was being polite... and serious. I moved my arm from him, but as I did I brushed what was an undeniable tent in the sheet. He gasped a bit, but didn't move.

It was tempting, I wanted to help him so badly. But I knew, I belonged to Kenni and Carlos, I was a part of them. There was no way anything would happen unless I talked to them. I lay a bit apart from him on the sheet, and in a little while we were both asleep. 

I woke about six, and quietly moved from the bed, tiptoeing back to our room. When I climbed on the bed next to Kenni she turned to me and whispered, "Is he all right?" 

I put my lips to her ear, not wanting to disturb Carlos, who had to go to work, and gave her the short form of what had happened. And when I came to the last part she clapped a hand over her mouth to suppress a giggle. But it was enough to rouse Carlos, and he turned to us. "How's my brother, Crissy?" he said softly, real concern in his voice. 

I said, "Well, it's easy to tell he has some problems. He told me about them, as you know. But at least in one respect he's just fine!" And I couldn't repress my giggle that time. And I went on to recount again what happened, adding that when he knew I was there he seemed to relax, and made it through the night. 

"DAMN!" Carlos growled. "He's my brother! And I love him like my mother. I'd do anything for him! But I just feel helpless. What can I do?" And he slammed his fist into the mattress. 

We all lay in silence for a few minutes, looking for the answer. Finally Kenni said, "Crissy, how do you feel about him?"

I turned onto my back and pushed up onto my elbows, looking at her. "Probably the same way you do!" I said plainly. "He's a hunk, and a year ago when I was free I'd have been drooling! And probably, stalking him! But things are different now, I'm with you, and we are responsible to each other. I'll never do anything that would hurt either of you!"

Again, silence. Until Carlos said, "Queridas, I love you both, you know I do. But if there is something I could do to help, Luis, I could never refuse him. I am not suggesting this, but if either of you feel something for him, want to help him too, I would never be offended. And I'd be grateful to you. In life things change, new challenges come along. And new priorities have to be addressed. He's here because of me, and my obligations are to both of you and to him now."

Silence. The time that Carlos would have gotten up and received his morning send-off came and went. Kenni rolled over and looked at me. Then she whispered in my ear, "Do you want to?" I was afraid of the answer, but I knew what it was. 

"Yessssss," I finally said in a long sigh. I knew I did, but I was terribly afraid. I felt my life would end if something came between me and Kenni and Carlos. 

Carlos had to go, and we got up with him. Before he left he pulled us together, saying softly, "I love you both so much, you are my life." And we all shared kisses and hugs. 

Kenni sat down and talked with me, "Sweetheart," she whispered, "go ahead, do what you can, see how it goes. If it will help him we can't refuse, either of us. I know it killed Carlos to say what he did, but it would have hurt him more not to. I love you. He loves you. That will never change. And we know that you love us." She was silent for a while. Then she whispered again. "Perhaps we'll lose nothing and gain a love!" 

Luis got up shortly after, and Kenni and I made breakfast for him, chatting at the table and marveling at how much he could eat! When he was done he got up and said, "Maybe I'd better start looking into my own apartment and a job. You're being so nice to me, but I know I can only disrupt your lives. And of all people, I don't want to be a bother to my brother and his loves." He smiled, but I knew it must have been hard for him to say that, offering to hurry to leave the only place he was truly wanted. And he added, "Crissy, thank you. I got more sleep last night than I have in weeks."

I knew what I had to do. Not that the prospect was unpleasant, but I couldn't escape feeling guilty. It was a warm day and getting warmer. When Kenni and I were alone I said, "Looks like a beautiful day, why don't you take a drive?" 

She didn't question it. She knew. "Great idea! I'll be home in time to help with supper!"

I gave it a while, and when it had gotten hot enough outside, I knocked on Luis' door, where he was sitting on the bed, watching TV. "Luis, we have a wonderful pool, and it's getting really hot, would you like to go for a swim?" 

His face lit up. "Wow, it's been a long time since I've had a chance to do that! But I don't have a suit." 

I laughed, saying, "If you want, wear your underwear, we aren't shy here." I giggled. "If it will make you feel better, I'll wear mine too!" 

He grinned, "I've already noticed you and Kenni don't wear underwear much in the house." 

"Well ok," I giggled, "If you want, I won't wear any to the pool either! But the deal is, if I don't, you can't!"

And he blushed. Bright red! "Crissy!" he exclaimed. "I would be so embarrassed to be with my brother's wife and friend naked! After all, I am a man, and you already found out, one that doesn't have the best control right now! And you and Kenni are both so gorgeous!"

I sat on the bed, next to him. "Luis," I said, "You might as well know, none of us normally ever wear anything in the pool. And sometimes, not much around the house, either. Of course we know you aren't used to that, but sooner or later you'll run into it. After all, "I added with a smirk, "Kenni and I will have to get used to having you around too! But trust me, we don't mind!" I laughed and put a hand softly on his bare shoulder.

I think the blush got even brighter, but he realized I was being friendly, and not putting up any walls, and he relaxed a bit. "Crissy, I'd love to go swim with you, but you have to promise not to be upset, if... if anything... happens. Like last night. I'm not used to anything like that. And I've been mostly in bunkrooms filled with guys for the last eight years. 

I giggled and looked at him with a big grin. "Luis, you have to realize, sometimes the same reaction happens to girls! It's just not so easy to tell. Don't worry, I'd only consider it flattering!" I moved my hand from his shoulder and gave the spot a friendly kiss. "Wait here," I said, and went to find one of Carlos' old robes. "We wear these to go back and forth honey, and you can wear it as long as you want. I'll put mine on, and when you're ready we can go to the pool." 

I gave him another smile and headed to our room to change. And I noticed he was ready to go almost as soon as I was. At least he wasn't reluctant to give it a try. It was already hot outside, and we sat in the shade of the cabana for a while, chatting. He had some questions about the house and the area, and I was full of questions about his life in the military, but I bit my tongue and tried to keep the conversation general and light. I thought reminding him of the last eight years might just make his problems worse.

He seemed to relax, more comfortable with me now, and I finally suggested we go cool off in the pool. Suddenly his look changed, anxiety plain on his face. "Go ahead, silly!" I said. "You can wear your robe to the pool and go in first, and I'll come when you're in the water. You'll get used to this." 

With a look of relief he smiled at me and went to the pool, dropping his robe just as he started down the steps. I waited a moment, watching him get used to water, and I realized I'd need to get used to him! God, he was gorgeous! Those muscles rippled with every move, and his body was darkly tanned down to the waist from a lot of time in the strong middle-eastern sun. 

But I noticed something more. He moved naturally, not at all conscious of his body. He didn't work at it, it had developed naturally, from the years of long hours of hard work and terrible conditions in the military. I went to the gym regularly, usually now with Kenni, and had seen a lot of guys with big muscles. But they were different. They were conscious of every move, always on display. They even looked around, to see who was watching. In contrast, Carlos had no idea how beautiful he was. 

I noticed he kept his back to me, and when he waded in up to his chest I took off my robe, walked to the pool and jumped in. He turned at the splash, and was grinning at me when I came up. The water was almost up to my neck, and he seemed to feel comfortable that way. "This does feel wonderful, I'm glad you asked me," he said. 

"Would you like to swim with me a little?" I asked. He looked a little embarrassed.

"I'm not much of a swimmer," he said, "but I'll give it a try if you stay close to me." 

I almost laughed, the idea that I could be an aid to him seeming absurd. But he started out, with very choppy strokes. Still they were powerful, and he really moved without much difficulty. And when we did one lap, I urged him to do one more. I purposely stayed a little behind, and when we came around again, he stood as soon we reached the shallower water. I was surprised to see he was gasping a little for breath, but I said, See? That wasn't so bad, you did great!" and patted him on the shoulder. 

He turned with a smile and said, "Thanks, Crissy, I'm ok as long as I know someone's..." 

And he stopped in mid-sentence when he saw that my bare breasts were above the water, then looked away quickly. I grabbed his hand and said with a laugh, "It's ok Luis, I know you're not used to it, but it will become natural." And I added, "Besides, I kind of like you looking at me." 

I knew he wouldn't be expecting that, but I wanted him to be comfortable, to know that I didn't think of him as a stranger. And besides, it was true. Because there was no way I could look at this delicious man without feeling a shiver go through me. And unknown to him, Kenni and Carlos had already given the green light for whatever might happen, hoping it would help him with his fears. 

He looked back at me again, his eyes pausing, unable to pull away for a moment. But he blinked his eyes, then refocused on mine and, staring hard at my face, said, "Crissy, you're so beautiful! And you have already been very kind to me. But when I talked to Carlos before coming here he told me about you and Kenni and him. And he said you were like his second wife, that the three of you were together as one. It was hard for me to understand, and even harder to accept when he told me about you and Kenni, too." 

"But he's my brother, I love him and I believe every word he tells me. And I'm sure you know I would never do anything against him or behind his back. I don't know if I should even be here with you, I feel guilty even seeing you like this, and more because I... I like it!"

And he turned away from me, as though he didn't know what to do. But I grabbed his arm and pulled him back around to me. And I arched my back, trying to force him to look at me, wanting his eyes on my body. "Luis, of course what Carlos told you is true, the three of us are very close. But you are with us now, and being Carlos' brother makes you a part of our family. As much as I'm happy to be here with you right now, I wouldn't be if I didn't know that it was ok with Carlos and Kenni. Let's just leave it at that. Now relax, honey, enjoy me if you want, because I'm enjoying you!"

And I put my hands on his waist and leaned forward, my breasts brushing against him as I kissed his chest. He jumped as though I'd pinched him and gasped, then moaned as I lightly pressed my body against him. But when I didn't move away, I felt his big arms gently encircle me, not pulling, just holding me. And when I looked up, I saw a little smile grow on his face. I felt something else touching me too, but I ignored it for the moment, wanting him to know it was ok.

Suddenly I ran my hands up his sides, tickling him, and when he gasped I started splashing water up at him, watching the smile change to shock as I giggled. He ducked his head away, trying to escape the water, and when he turned I put my hands on the back of his shoulders and jumped up, locking my legs around his waist. Totally surprised he stumbled a bit, and I thought maybe I could make him fall into the water. But I soon realized it was like me trying to push over a tree!

But he got back at me; he put his arms straight out to his sides and fell backwards with me under him, pushing me deep under the water. I had no choice but to let go and push away from him to get back to the surface, coughing and laughing at the same time. But as soon as I came up I felt his hands grasp my waist, hard, and he yanked me up out of the water so hard I squealed in surprise, and found myself being held face to face with him, and got a big smile and a hearty laugh. He was holding me at arms length, seemingly with no effort at all! And now there was a sparkle in his eyes, telling me he was really having fun!
