 I wrote and sold several stories to one particular porn publisher. Enjoying my success, I decided to try something new. Their guidelines indicated they accept short to VERY LONG pieces of writing. I figured they would pay me more money for a longer piece. So I sat down and pounded out this story. When I sent it to them, I got back a note which read, "This is very well-written work, but it's too long for us. We have nowhere to use it. Sorry." When I looked for other magazines to send it to, I discovered no one wanted a porn story this long. Oops.

*****

"You're doing laundry tonight?" my roommate Steve asked, staring at me in disbelief.

"Yeah," I admitted sheepishly.

"It's Friday night, dude. You should go out and get pissed with the rest of us. That's what you're supposed to do when you live in a college residence! You go out and get tanked, meet a nice girl, go back to her place, and fuck her."

"But I don't have any clean clothes for tomorrow."

"Peter!" Steve laughed. "You are one annoying nerd, you know that? You need a social life. You study every night, you never go out -- what the hell is wrong with you?"

"Nothing. Get off my case!"

"Okay, well, have fun doing laundry," Steve said, grabbing his jacket out of the closet. He opened the door, stepped into the hall, and then turned to laugh at me one last time. "Are you sure you don't wanna go?"

"Yeah," I mumbled.

"Well, bye-bye then," and he took off.

Steve didn't know I was a chickenshit virgin. It wasn't that I was ugly or anything -- I just didn't know how to deal with women. All my buddies were trying to drag me out into the world, trying to get me drunk, trying to get me laid, but I was too cowardly to do it. And now I was going to spend another Friday night alone in the dorm.

Grabbing my basket of dirty clothes off the floor, I headed for the laundry room down in the basement, feeling like a complete weenie. I was in a coed dorm and I couldn't get laid. There were girls in my face all the time, sometimes wearing just nighties or nothing but a towel, walking casually through the halls, all smiles. The girls hung out in the rec room, and the kitchen, everywhere, chatting away, totally unaware that I was staring at their tits and asses, wishing one of them would fuck me. I was in pussy heaven and I had no idea what to do. It was starting to look like I'd be a virgin for the rest of my life.

I opened the laundry room door, turned on the light and walked over to the washing machines. None of the three machines were running, but they were all full of wet clothes. I figured my fellow students put their laundry in the machines, and then went out drinking. Damn them. I went to dump their damp clothes on top of the dryers.

What was in those washing machines surprised the hell out of me. There were g-strings, teddies, crotchless panties, peekaboo bras, lace underwear, garter belts and more sexy lingerie than I'd ever seen in my life. I'm not the kind of guy who gets turned on by stealing women's underwear, but I have to admit, I was tempted. This stuff was hot. All the girls in residence were pretty sexy, but I'd never suspected any of them would wear stuff like this. I held up a bright blue g-string, admiring it, trying to picture it on some cute girl's cunt, her pubes sticking out around the edges.

Who could be wearing something like this under their everyday clothes? I imagined various possibilities. Rachel, the sexy redhead? Suki, that gorgeous Japanese transfer student? I imagined a wet cunt covered by the thin blue fabric, the twat barely hidden, the g-string damp with pussy juice. The very thought of it gave me a wicked hard-on. Then the laundry room door opened.

In walked Stephanie, the best looking girl on campus. She was wearing a skimpy pink t-shirt that barely covered her tits, and a pair of white cotton shorts that were riding right up her crotch. And by the shocked look on her face, I could tell I was holding her sexy underwear. We looked at each other, embarrassed, not knowing what to say.

"I... I won't tell anyone you've got this stuff," I stammered. "I mean, it's none of my business, right? I was... emptying the machine, so I could put my stuff in. And I... found your... I mean, I didn't..."

Stephanie just smiled at me, amused at how I was freaking out.

"Don't worry about it, Peter," she giggled.

Her laughter made her huge tits jiggle inside the skimpy t-shirt. All her bras must have been in the wash. She slowly walked towards me, giving me time to take in her long, sexy legs and her perky boobs. Her black hair hung loose around her shoulders, and she was grinning slyly at me. She plucked the underwear from my hands.

"Do you like them?" she asked.

"L-like them?" I stuttered, staring at her tits.

"All my panties. My lingerie."

I managed to nod.

"I'm not wearing any right now," she whispered.

"What?"

"Panties," she said. "They're all in the wash. Sometimes it's fun to walk around with no bra or underwear. Then all you horny guys stare at my tits and my ass. Every jiggle drives you guys crazy."

She cupped her boobs through her shirt, lifted them, and then let them fall. They bounced beautifully. I heard a soft moan of want escape from my lips. Stephanie's nipples were getting hard, poking out through the pink cotton like two little bullets.

"See?" she purred. "You can't take your eyes off my tits, can you?"

"They're... incredible," I muttered. And she was right, I couldn't take my eyes off them. I kept trying to look up into her smiling face, but my eyes kept drifting back down to her luscious boobs. Was she just teasing me, I wondered, or did I have a chance of fucking this incredible woman? An erection was now poking up painfully in my jeans, and I noticed Stephanie's eyes glancing down at my bulge.

"Can't take your eyes off of it?" I said, deciding to tease her right back.

"What?" she asked.

"My cock," I said. "You're staring right at my cock."

"Maybe," she admitted, blushing slightly. "It is impressive."

"Is it?" I asked. I could tell that she was as turned on as I was. She kept licking her lips, and her nipples were still rock hard.

"Your cock looks big," she whispered. "Through your jeans, anyway."

She quickly reached out her hand and stroked my cock through my pants. Her touch caught me by surprise, and I let out a loud moan.

"Oo," Stephanie whispered, grinning. "Did I do that?"

"Y-yes," I gasped.

She smiled wickedly. "I wonder what else I could do with that cock of yours?"

"What... what would you like to do?"

"I have an idea, Peter. You seem to be really interested in my tits, and I know I'm interested in your cock. Why don't we make some kind of a deal?"

"What kind of a deal?" I asked, knowing exactly what she meant.

"Well," she giggled. "I'll show you mine if you show me yours."

"Here?"

"Why not?"

"What if someone walks in?"

"It's Friday night, Peter. Everyone has gone out. Besides, it's kind of exciting if someone can catch us, don't you think?"

Stephanie stepped closer to me and put her hands on the crotch of my jeans, running her fingers up and down my throbbing bulge.

"I just want to make sure it's as hard as it's going to get before you take it out," she giggled.

I reached up and stroked her nipples through her shirt, caressing the warm curves of her tits, squeezing their full, round sexiness.

"I just want to touch your boobs," I explained with a smile.

She bit her lip as I played with her soft tits, then stepped away, just out of reach.

"Let me see it," she said. "Show me your cock."

"You show me your tits first," I said, expecting her to chicken out.

Without another word, she pulled her shirt up over her head and dropped it to the floor. Her creamy white tits were stunning. I almost forgot to keep breathing as I stared at them. Round and full, with perky little nipples pointing up and out, they were the best tits I'd ever seen. As I stared in awe, Stephanie pinched her nipples, making them stick out even more.

"I love having my nipples played with," she whispered. "It feels so fucking good." She cupped her tits in her hands and squeezed them hard. "Do you like them?" she asked me, pushing her tits up and out at my face. "Do you like my big boobs?"

I nodded dumbly.

"Well, I lived up to my part of the bargain," Stephanie said. "Now take off your pants and show me your cock."

I undid the button of my jeans and slowly unzipped them. Stephanie's eyes were locked on my crotch, and she kept stroking her beautiful tits.

"Come on, not so slow," she begged. "I wanna see it."

I wasn't used to having such power over a woman, and I was enjoying it. "Don't rush me, or I won't show it to you," I whispered. I lowered my pants slowly to the floor. "Is your pussy getting all wet with anticipation?"

She could see my cock straining through my underwear, but that wasn't enough for her.

"Please," Stephanie whimpered. Her right hand slipped between her legs and she rubbed at her cunt through the fabric of her shorts. Her left hand continued fondling her tits. I gradually started pulling my underwear down, and the head of my cock peeked out into the open air. Stephanie kept rubbing herself, letting out little whimpers and gasps. Finally I pulled my underwear down all the way, my prick springing free.

"Holy shit!" Stephanie gasped. "It's fucking huge!" Her mouth hung open in amazement and she began to rub her cunt through her shorts harder and faster. "Oh my God," she moaned. "I've got to have that inside of me!"

I was just about to grab her, maybe fuck her on top of one of the washing machines, when into the laundry room walked two more women. It was Suki and Rachel, the very women I'd been fantasizing about earlier. They stopped, staring at Stephanie and me in amazement.

"What's going on?" Suki gasped. She was a gorgeous Japanese woman with tiny tits, but extremely perky nipples. I could see her nipples were quickly getting erect, poking through her blouse, as she stared at my cock.

Rachel, a luscious redhead with dark green eyes, was looking back and forth between me and Stephanie, unable to believe what she was seeing.

Stephanie made no move to cover her naked tits while I pulled up my underpants.

"We were... j-just..." I mumbled, quickly putting my jeans back on.

"Did you see his cock?" Stephanie moaned. "Wasn't it the biggest fucking dick you ever saw?"

"It was... pretty big," Suki whispered, blushing fiercely.

"Are you kidding, Suki?" Rachel laughed. "That was a monster dong!"

The three women looked back and forth between each other, silently considering some kind of agreement.

"Peter," Stephanie said. "Take off your pants again."

"What?" I'd just finished doing them up, and I was feeling incredibly embarrassed. Showing my dick to one woman was a little strange, but to three at the same time?

"Please, Peter?" Rachel asked.

"I want to see it too," Suki said. "Please?"

I was beginning to see that I was in a position of strength and decided to take advantage of it. "What if I don't want to?" I teased. "What if I don't want to show you my great big cock? Maybe you're going to have to encourage me a little. I think you should all be a little more nice to me."

"What do you want?" Rachel asked.

"I want you three to take off your clothes," I said. "Now."

Again, the three women looked back and forth at each other.

"All right," Stephanie said. Her shirt was still off, so all she had to do was pull down her white cotton shorts, which she quickly did. Rachel and Suki stared at her in amazement. Stephanie spun around, completely naked, showing off her firm ass and her lovely tits. Her pubes were black and damp, still wet from when she'd masturbated through her shorts.

"Come on, Rachel," Stephanie laughed. "Show him what you've got."

Rachel grabbed a chair out of a corner of the room and stuck it under the doorknob, effectively locking the laundry room door. "I don't want any interruptions," she said, smiling and began to strip.

She peeled off a white shirt to reveal a lacy bra, which she quickly unclipped, letting her tits swing out into the open. She had delicate brown freckles sprinkled over her boobs, neck and belly. Her tits were enormous, even bigger than Stephanie's, with huge brown nipples. She wriggled out of her jeans and underwear, revealing a luscious red bush and plump, sexy legs. Imitating Stephanie, Rachel spun around once for me to see everything. Her ass was big, round, and incredibly sexy.

"There," Rachel said, smiling.

"Your turn, Suki," Stephanie said.

"Come on, Suki," Rachel encouraged her. "Let's see what you've got."

"I can't," Suki said, blushing furiously. "I want to, but..."

"You want to, so do it," Rachel said. "I did it."

Stephanie smiled gently at the sexy Japanese girl. "Come on, Suki, what's the big deal? Don't you want to see Peter's cock?"

I was speechless, my eyes darting back and forth between Rachel and Stephanie's naked bodies. I couldn't believe this was really happening. The most gorgeous women on campus were naked in front of me, and they were trying to encourage their equally sexy friend to strip for me as well.

"Yes," Suki admitted. "I really do want to see his cock." She smiled, then added: "Up close and personal." She quickly took off her blouse and skirt, before she could change her mind. For a moment she modestly covered her breasts with her hands, then found some more courage and slowly revealed them to everyone. She was incredibly thin, with tiny lemon-sized breasts that had small nipples the colour of cherries. Her legs were long and thin and I gasped in surprise when she pulled off her panties. She'd shaved her pussy.

"There, Peter," Rachel said. "We're all naked."

"Show us your cock," Suki said, still blushing modestly, although no longer covering herself.

Stephanie's eyes gleamed with lust. Her hand was between her legs again, casually rubbing at her cunt. "Take off your pants," she ordered. "Now."

I did as I was told, quickly stepping out my jeans and letting my erect cock hang in the air.

"Wow," Rachel said.

For a moment all of us stood there naked. I glanced back and forth between Rachel, Suki and Stephanie's beautiful bodies, unable to believe my luck. All three of them were staring at my cock in awe.

Suki, the one who'd been so reluctant to take off her clothes, surprised us all by saying, "I want to suck his prick."

"Me too," Rachel said.

The next thing I knew, there were three naked women kneeling in front of me, all of them trying to suck my cock at the same time. I leaned back against a washing machine, gasping and groaning. Rachel was in the middle, licking the head and sliding my prick in and out of her mouth, Suki attacked me from the left, and Stephanie attacked me from the right. The three tongues twisted and twirled, slipping all over each other as they slurped at my tool.

I'd never felt anything like it before in my life. My dick throbbed with mind-numbing pleasure. Suki and Stephanie each had a hand on my ass, massaging my butt as they worked their tongues all over my prick. Eventually Suki was licking one of my balls, Stephanie the other, and Rachel continued working on my cock head, giving it playful flicks with her tongue, riding her lips up and down my length.

I was about to have the best orgasm of my life, when Rachel stopped sucking on me, and made the other girls stop too.

"We don't want to waste his cum, do we?" Rachel purred.

"What did you have in mind?" Suki asked.

"We'll take turns fucking him."

"I'll go first," Stephanie insisted.

"Why you?" Rachel wanted to know.

"I was here first."

I still couldn't believe this was happening. Only a few minutes ago I was thinking I was doomed to virginity forever and now three sexy girls were fighting over who got to fuck me first.

"Okay, Stephanie," Rachel sighed. "You're first in line."

"Yeah, you found him before us," Suki agreed.

They pushed me onto the floor. Three pairs of beautiful naked tits filled my vision.

"Is your tongue as big as your dick?" Rachel asked me, and then, without waiting for a reply, she straddled my head, lowering her red-haired cunt onto my face. Her pussy was as sweet as strawberries and cream, and she bucked and squealed happily, rubbing her muff against my mouth as I lapped at her delicious hole.

I felt Stephanie's slippery cunt -- I guess it was Stephanie, I couldn't see with Rachel's pussy on my face -- ease onto my cock. She began grinding against my pelvis, moaning with ecstasy, sliding up and down on my dick. I could hear Stephanie gasping and Rachel was practically sobbing as my tongue ran up and down her juicy cunt, circling her hot little clit. Out of the corner of my eye I could see Suki, sitting on the floor, her legs spread wide, her fingers buried in her shaved pussy, pumping in and out as she watched us.

Rachel started spasming on my face, bucking and shaking. She had to hold on to Stephanie just to keep her balance. Meanwhile Stephanie was riding my cock faster and faster as her own orgasm started to peak, and she leaned into Rachel. Even as I slurped away on the red-haired cunt, Rachel's awesome plump ass covering my face, I could tell Rachel and Stephanie were kissing and groping one another. The thought of it made my cock explode, filling Stephanie's twat with my cream. I bucked and writhed on the floor as waves of pleasure pulsed out of the end of my dick.

When the two women climbed off of me, their faces flush with sexual satisfaction, they continued to kiss each other, their hands on each other's tits and asses, their naked bodies pressed together.

"What about me?" Suki complained. She was still sitting on the floor, masturbating frantically.

"Sorry, Suki," Rachel said. "I kinda forgot about you." She kneeled down between Suki's legs, and started slurping on her hairless pussy. Yet again, I couldn't believe this was really happening. Rachel's luscious pink tongue was servicing Suki's cunt while I sat on the floor, watching. Stephanie sat down next to me, and began rubbing my cock back to life. I slipped my hand into her lap and fingered her sticky cunt while the two of us watched Rachel and Suki. They'd slipped into a 69 now, shoving their sopping pussies into each other's faces, sucking on each other loud and hard.

"Those two are always at it," Stephanie whispered to me, pumping my cock. "They're roommates, but they sleep in the same bed. Whenever I come over, they're both naked, fucking each other. Day or night, they're always horny. Suki has an incredible dildo collection, and they're both shoving them up their twats all the time. Sometimes I join in. We never found a cock that could satisfy us all. Until now."

Suki was shrieking in pleasure, bucking like a wild animal as Rachel tongued her slit.

"His cock's ready for round two," Stephanie announced.

"Me next!" Suki pleaded. "Please, Rachel?"

"All right, I guess."

Suki lay down on the floor. I climbed on top of her, and slid my cock deep into her dripping hole. Her shaved pussy was tight and hot, sucking on my prick like a mouth. Stephanie and Rachel ran their hands all over my body, stroking my ass, chest, and back as I fucked their lovely Japanese friend.

"Yes, oh fuck, God, yes," Suki moaned as I rammed in and out of her. Rachel lowered her head to Suki's mouth, kissing her, nibbling on her lip, licking her face playfully while I kept fucking Suki's tight little pussy. Suki's fingernails were digging into my back as an orgasm struck her, making her tremble from head to toe. The vision of Rachel and Suki sucking on each other's tongues was too much for me, and I came again, my cock pulsing madly as I filled Suki with my cum.

When I pulled out of her, my cock was still hard. None of the women could believe it.
