 It was Laura Hardy's first Christmas party since coming to work for Ford Enterprises. She really didn't want to attend the gathering because she and her husband were not much into partying. But what made it even more dubious was the scuttlebutt she had heard around the office that this holiday celebration could become wild, and had in previous years. However, one of the few coworkers she had become close to, Abby Costello, warned that failure to show could adversely affect her standing in the company. So, Laura reluctantly convinced her also hesitant husband, Norman, to go.

One reason the Hardys were always so uneasy about going to parties, particularly with a new group of people, was because Laura was actually a couple of inches taller than Norman. And though she tried to avoid high heels, when dressing for an event such as this, no other footwear seemed appropriate. Of course, that only made the height difference worse. And therein lay the problem: the teasing that they would have to endure. People tried to be cute and clever, and though the Hardys did their best to grin and bear it, quite often, such remarks still stung.

And so, Laura promised Norman they would just stay a respectable amount of time and then hightail it out.

One other frightening element was that the party was being held at Paul Ford's enormous condo. Laura had never even met Paul. She knew he was a vice president of the company, except that no one really knew what he did. He was rarely in the office and had a reputation as a playboy, even worse than his brother, Peter, once had. He was also known to throw "wild parties." Peter actually ran the company, but had apparently become tame after his wife left him and ran off with a man who was briefly Abby Costello's boss in accounting.

Laura's fears subsided somewhat after they entered the condo and she spotted Abby. She and Norman immediately headed in that direction. Norman had never actually met Abby, but felt as though he knew her because his wife talked about her so much. After the coworkers greeted one another, Laura said, "Abby, this is my husband, Norman, you've heard me talk so much about."

As Norman extended his hand to shake Abby's, he quickly assessed the woman. She was a couple of inches shorter than he, the kind of woman in moments of weakness he wished he had married. Other than that, she was quite attractive with short brown hair, decent sized breasts and an engaging smile.

As he let go of her hand, a big man, a few inches taller than Laura, appeared.

"And I'd like the two of you to meet my husband, Frank," Abby said.

Laura was too stunned to speak, if her gaping mouth was any clue, so Norman quickly shook the man's huge paw and offered, "Nice to meet you."

And pretty much as Norman had done, Frank mentally undressed Laura, whose tall, lithe body was a match for his own. Her short dress revealed long, shapely legs, and though her breasts were on the small side, something told him their rounded shape did not disappoint.

A waiter took their drink orders as the four stood in the same place talking about nothing particularly important. Abby did tell Norman the story of Jack, who had been promoted to VP of Accounting, and the very next day, ran off to Paris with the boss's wife. During her discourse, their drinks arrived, and the tale was interrupted as other fellow employees passed and extended greetings: Mickey Ewing and his wife, Victoria; Sheila Easterly; and Leslie Withe. Peter and Paul Ford passed by, and true to his reputation, Paul, was not the least bit shy about ravishing the ladies until his brother steered him away. Peter rolled his eyes for the benefit of the Hardy's and the Costello's over his sibling's behavior.

But it wasn't until George Rome, a known jokester and head of Research and Development, and his gorgeous wife, Donna, came by that the size issue reared its ugly head. But with it came a comical realization. "Oh, my god," George said, pointing to each person in the order they were standing. "Laura and Hardy and Abby and Costello." Then he started laughing, until his wife slapped his arm.

"That's not very nice, George," Donna scolded. "There's nothing funny about their names."

"You're right. I'm sorry. I was just struck by the irony."

"What have you had to drink, George," Donna said. "You're not making any sense."

"I guess none of you are old enough to remember," George explained. "I only do because of my parents. Have you ever heard of Laurel and Hardy or Abbott and Costello? They were both comedy teams back in the—I don't know—30s, 40s, 50s."

"Yes, I've heard of them," Norman agreed.

"Well, please don't take offense to this; I swear I mean nothing by it. But Laurel—" he pointed to Laura as he said this "—was tall, and Hardy was short." He gestured to Norman, then Abby. "And Abbot was short and Costello was tall." He finished by indicating Frank.

"I'm sorry, you guys," Donna offered, dragging her husband away. "I'm embarrassed," the others heard her tell her husband as the two walked off.

Speechless, Laura and Hardy and Abby and Costello stood there sipping their drinks, when Frank started chuckling. "Well, I guess we do cut a comical picture."

Norman downed his drink. "Well, I expected to be ridiculed being shorter than my wife; happens all the time. But you're right, being here with you two, there is some humor to it."

Soon after, the two women were laughing also.

"Well, I don't know about you guys," Norman said, "but if we're going to be the comic relief here, I'm not going to waste the expensive booze."

"Sounds like a plan," Frank agreed. "Let's get the ladies some fresh drinks."

As the men walked off, Abby remarked, "I'm glad our husbands are getting along."

"Yeah," Laura concurred. "I didn't realize Frank was . . . my size."

"Or that yours was closer to me."

"Small world," Laura noted.

"Or in yours and Frank's case, tall world."

They both laughed.

"Let's go powder our noses," Abby suggested.

"Do women really do that anymore?"

Abby shrugged. "Sounds more lady-like than let's go take a piss."

When they returned, their husbands were waiting for them in the same place, drinks in hand.

"So, what do we do now?" Norman asked.

"Find a place to sit," Laura said with a grimace. "I'm not used to wearing heels and these are killing me." She glanced around. "But it seems everything is taken."

"Follow me," Abby instructed.

She led the group down a hallway that terminated with a door that emptied outside onto a large balcony. It was outfitted with patio furniture, so they all took a seat, the men in two chairs perpendicular to a settee on which the women settled, each nearest her own husband. The ladies' dresses had risen high on their legs when they sat, and Norman couldn't help admiring Abby's. Likewise, Frank took a good look at Laura's.

"So, what is a respectable amount of time to stay before we can leave?" Laura asked.

"What's wrong? You're not enjoying our company?" Abby quipped.

"Oh, no," Laura said, taking her coworker seriously. "We're just not partygoers. We're more comfortable in small groups."

"This is a small group," Abby noted, gesturing to the four of them. "We'll have this balcony to ourselves as long as we want it; or at least until the bedroom starts to see action."

"What bedroom?" Laura asked.

"And what action?" Norman added.

Abby pointed to the other end of the balcony. "That's the master bedroom. When things start to get wild, people will use it."

"Use it for what?" Laura pressed.

"Sweetie, you need to get out more," Abby chided. "Uh, sex."

"Will things really get that wild?" Norman wanted to know.

"They have in the past. But I've heard that these parties have calmed down somewhat since Peter's wife left him. Or things don't get going until he leaves."

"Couples will really use Paul's bedroom?" Laura naively asked.

"Not just couples."

"You mean, like an orgy?"

"No," Abby said with a smirk over her naive friend's question. "But a threesome or foursome is not out of the question."

"Oh, my god," Laura rambled on. "People really do that? I've never done that. Have you ever done that?"

Without answering the question, Abby said, "Well, if we sit here long enough, we'll probably be able to watch."

"Watch? Are you kidding?"

"No, I'm not kidding. They sometimes attract an audience."

"And the people who are doing it don't care?"

"Not always."

"Contrary to what you might think," Norman interrupted with a grin, "Laura didn't just come in from the farm."

"Really? Could have fooled me," Abby joked.

"What's that supposed to mean?" Laura protested.

"Honey, you're acting like you didn't know things like that happened," her husband pointed out. "You've seen these things in movies."

"Whoa, wait a minute," Abby said in mock surprise. "Laura Hardy watches porn!"

"I never knew anyone who really did that. So, I guess I thought it only happened in movies," Laura said in her own defense.

It was obvious that the discussion was somewhat arousing to Laura if the impression of her hard nipples against her dress were any indication. Norman caught Frank staring at them. The big guy mouthed an apology, but the little guy secretly gave him a thumb up out of the women's line of sight.

"I think that basically calls for another round of drinks," Frank said, standing. "What do you think, Norm?"

"Absolutely."

The men arose and headed back down the hallway.

"I'm sorry, man," Frank offered. "I just couldn't help noticing."

"No worries," Norman said. "I'd be lying if I said I hadn't stolen some looks at Abby."

"Good. Then we're even. I don't come across many women Laura's size that look as good."

"Again, I'd be lying if I said I didn't look at women my own size."

"If I'm not being too personal, how is it making love to a woman who is bigger than you?"

"Well, she doesn't complain," Norman pointed out, "so I guess I'm satisfying her. I think she's honest enough to say if I wasn't. Other than that, you can't move around like you could with a woman your own size or smaller. There's been a time or two when she's gotten on top and nearly smothered me. So, we have to be careful about that."

"Know what you mean. I almost always have to let Abby be on top or I would smother her. Having sex with a much smaller woman does have its limitations."

But as they returned to their wives bearing drinks, little did either know that their imaginations were running a parallel course regarding each other's wife. Furthermore, when they took their seats back out on the patio, their wives were engaged in a conversation about people they worked with. Laura had turned slightly to face Abby, who had down likewise. This afforded Norman and Frank better views of each other's spouse. And this time, neither was particularly concerned about the other's eyes on his wife.

A short while later, there was a bump against the patio door to the master bedroom.

"I think it's begun," Abby casually announced.

Since she was already facing in that direction, Laura craned her neck for a better view. "Oh, my god! There's a pair of naked breasts pressed against the glass door. A man is holding the woman up by her waist and he's . . ."

"Fucking her?" Abby filled in.

"Yes. Now another woman is sitting on the floor between their legs. She's licking . . ."

"His balls and the other girl's pussy?" Abby said, intentionally descriptive, again completing Laura's sentence.

"Yes," Laura whispered, but said nothing more, enthralled by what she was witnessing. It wasn't as shocking as she made it sound. Of course she had seen suck action in porno movies, but never live. And she wasn't really trying to make herself sound so naive. But what did have her juices flowing was the size of the man's cock. It was huge . . . at least by Norman's standard. This was not to say that Norman was small. He was big enough—for his size; but not necessarily for her. Oh, he definitely satisfied her. What he lacked in size, he made up for with skill. But the thought of a really big dick stuffed in her pussy was quite . . . thought provoking.

Laura noticed that Abby had not turned to watch, but that Frank had twisted slightly. Since she was looking past him, Laura refocused her attention on her coworker's husband and glimpsed the bulge in his pants. She guessed he could provide stiff competition for the man in the room. Her mind wandered.

Norman had also leaned over to catch the show; that included noticing that his wife was probably stealing glances at Frank's crotch. That and his earlier conversation with the bigger man resurrected notions that his size was not enough for his wife. He frequently asked her if he was enough for her and she always dutifully said that he was. But at this moment, with her attention transfixed on the guy in the room's big rod and the obviously large growth in Frank's pants, Norman had to wonder.

But those concerns temporarily subsided when he also saw that Abby was still facing him and was now watching him. Their eyes met, and as though she could read his mind, she winked. She then very casually—or intentionally—rubbed? scratched? her nipple, causing it to stand out like Laura's still were. Of course, Norman couldn't help but notice, so he smiled at her and she returned the expression.

Abby then turned to sit straight again and the movement caused her dress to rise even higher. She made no attempt to fix it since she knew she still had Norman's attention. She then placed her hand on an exposed portion of Laura's leg above the knee which had Laura snapping her focus back to Abby, not to mention having Norman's cock pulse noticeably in his pants. Abby had not removed her hand when she said, "We've now reached a respectable amount of time to stay . . . in case you were wondering."

"So, we should leave?" Laura asked with a tinge of disappointment.

"No, you can stay as long as you like. Ultimately, the ones who drink too much and pass out will. But earlier you asked."

"Yes, I did. What are you guys going to do?"

"I think I've had enough," Abby replied and turned to her husband. "How about you, Frank?"

"Yeah, you've seen one girl hammered against a patio door, you've seen them all."

"Norman, what do you want to do?" Laura asked.

"It's your office party. Whatever you want to do." He checked his watch. "Although it is still fairly early. We could go somewhere else."

"Why don't you two come over to our house?" Frank suggested. "Our booze is almost as good."

"What would we do there?" Laura asked.

Teasingly, Abby said, "Oh, I'm sure something will pop up." With that, she tenderly dragged her hand up Laura's leg before removing it.

Eyes wide from that gesture, Laura turned to her husband with raised eyebrows. He returned an expression that said it was her call.

"Oh, come on guys," Frank urged, nonchalantly scratching his leg, but further drawing Laura's attention to the outline of his cock down his pant leg. "We don't bite—unless you want us too!" He chuckled.

"Well, okay," Laura agreed, suddenly uneasy. "Maybe for just a little bit."

* * *

Of course, they had to take separate cars since that's the way they came. During the short drive, Laura asked her husband, "Did you find anything unusual in their invitation?"

With a grin, Norman said, "I think they might have just been playing with you. After all, you did make a big deal out of the sex thing."

"But I really never have seen anyone do it in person. Have you?"

"No, but I was trying to be a little more adult about it."

"Did you notice, Abby did not answer my question when I asked if they had ever done that?"

"No, but as I recall, you asked a whole string of questions."

"Do you think they really have?"

"Nothing they said or did gave a clue one way or the other."

"Okay. Well, I guess I've just been overreacting."

Norman reached over and patted her leg just as Abby had. "Dear, I think you just saw something tonight you didn't expect to see and it caused your imagination to run a little wild."

* * *

Thinking their hosts were just in front of them, Laura and Norman were surprised that Abby and Frank were already home when they arrived. The Costello's welcomed the Hardy's into their home and offered the cook's tour, and the master bedroom was the last room shown. Even though the house was not overly large, where the Costello's slept was bigger that one might have expected in a dwelling this size. Though it was not, the king size bed also seemed greater in size, but it was just the massive frame that gave such an appearance. The room even had enough space for a small sofa.

While there, Abby asked Laura to give her opinion on some new dresses, while they sent the men into the kitchen to mix drinks. Abby brought the garments out from their also large walk-in closet and laid them on the bed. Laura spread them out, most were short, and she imagined quite revealing.

"They're nice," Laura said to be polite. "But it's hard to judge spread out on the bed. How do they look on?"

"Would you like me to try them on?"

With a shrug, Laura said, "Oh, well, you don't have to go to that trouble. I'm sure they look great on your petite frame."

"No problem. I love trying clothes on . . . and taking them off."

For lack of a better response, particularly since she wasn't certain how to take the last part, Laura merely smiled.

Abby had sat on the sofa, but was up again in seconds. She approached her coworker turning her back to Laura. "Mind unzipping me?"

Laura complied and expected her friend to take the dresses into the master bath to change, but to her great surprise, Abby let the dress she was wearing just slide to the floor. Laura did not expect Abby to be wearing a thong and a bra cut so low it barely contained her fair-sized, nicely rounded breasts.

Seeing Laura's wide eyes and mouth agape, Abby asked, "I'm sorry. Am I embarrassing you?"

"Uh, no, no, not at all. I—I guess I thought you'd change in the bathroom."

"Oh, well, I can if you want me to. Just thought I'd save myself from walking back and forth."

"Okay. No problem."

"You're sure? You seem bothered seeing another woman in panty and bra."

With raised eyebrows, Laura said, "Well, I guess I don't see many women like that. And I would hardly call that a panty."

"You don't look at fashion magazines?" Abby asked, having yet to don a new dress.

"Sure," Laura answered nervously, "but it's different in person."

"I have three sisters and we all had to dress in front of each other."

"I didn't have any."

"So, you don't wear a thong either?"

"No."

Enjoying the edginess she was inflicting on her friend, Abby stepped closer to Laura, placed both hands on the other's shoulders and said, "I'm seeing a side of you tonight I was unfamiliar with. Please don't be offended, but I never took you as being so prudish."

"Sorry, I don't mean to be. Just a lot of new experiences all at once."

"When I saw you drooling over the guy in the bedroom's big cock and then noticed you stealing glances at Frank's bulge, I thought there was hope for you. Now, I'm not so sure."

"What do you mean?" Laura protested, feeling herself turn red. "I wasn't—"

"It's okay, Laura. You don't need to be embarrassed. Nothing wrong with liking a big cock. Obviously, I do." Abby tilted her away as though talking to herself. "Although sometimes, it's a little too big for a little lady like me. Probably fit you better anyway."

"Abby! What a thing to say. My husband satisfies me just fine."

"Oh, I'm sure he does. I didn't mean to insinuate that he was small. Hell, it would probably be nice to be with a guy who's more my size."
