 After they ate breakfast Mike told Laura that he decided they would stay another day. They were ahead on their money so he figured why not stay and make a weekend of it. Laura thought that was a great idea as well and they headed to the casino after breakfast to play for a couple of hours. 

It had taken them almost an hour before they could finally find an available Keno machine for her to play on. They played on a few other nickel machines while waiting and neither one of them won anything. As soon as a machine was open Laura sat down and Mike headed to the blackjack tables.

They left the Casino after eating lunch in the dinning room. Mike had won $180.00 at the tables and Laura had won $130.00. They went back to their room and Mike made love to her all afternoon. They took a shower when they woke and went to get something for dinner. By the time they went back into the Casino it was around 6:30, they played till around 11 breaking even. 

Laura wanted to take a quick shower before they went to bed so Mike watched TV while she showered. She was wearing a T-shirt when she came out of the bathroom and cuddled up on the bed beside him.

He started kissing her slowly, his kisses driving her wild as they always did. Laura knew she was in love with Mike, she just couldn't say it yet. She knew deep in her heart that this relationship would never last, there were just to many years difference in their ages for it to work. She knew if she ever said those words to him that when the time came that they parted it would hurt more. She thought if she didn't say the words then the parting wouldn't be as bad, at least that is what she kept telling herself day after day.

Mike reached for the wrist restraints tying Laura spread eagled to the head of the bed. He didn't tie her legs this time, telling her he wanted her more mobile. He kissed her while his hands roamed softly over every fold of her body. He always spent more time running his hands over her belly wanting her to feel comfortable with him and his caresses. He loved every inch of her and wanted her to know that as she was still a little uncomfortable with him about her weight.

When Mike stopped kissing her and leaned back, Laura saw Tom standing there with a big smile on his face. Mike must have gave him a key to the room and invited him to join them again. No wonder he tied her up again she was thinking to herself.

Tom undressed, and Laura could see he was fully aroused. He laid down between her legs and began to lick at her pussy. Pushing her pussy lips apart so his mouth had access to her clit. Mike rubbed her tits through the material of the T-shirt she was wearing as he kissed her while Tom was busy eating her pussy. Tom sat up lifting her legs to his shoulders slipping his cock inside her and began pumping her slowly.

Mike leaned back watching as Tom fucked Laura, his cock getting harder by the second, his excitement was higher tonight then it was last night and he knew this was going to be a unique night for Laura before it was over. He slowly started stroking his cock while he watched Tom as he fucked her hard and fast. Both of them were breathing hard now and Laura's face was flushed in her pleasure. 

Tom slowed his pace and leaned down to kiss Laura. His tongue raped hers as hers fought back in his mouth. He kissed her for a long time, no longer moving inside her but just enjoying the kisses they were sharing. When he pulled away from her lips both of them gulped in a huge breath of air. He stayed close to her mouth as he moved slowly inside her again. 

As he pulled back Laura was shocked to see a woman standing on each side of the bed, both of them naked. One woman was older than Laura she could tell and then other maybe younger or same age and built just like Laura.

Mike reached for her T-shirt and ripped it down the middle, he pulled it apart exposing her breasts to the two women who both leaned down taking a nipple in their mouths and began sucking. Again Laura was lost in pleasure, forgetting about her shock and being embarrassed with this new situation. 

Mike was standing next to the bed watching Laura have her first orgasm as Tom brought her to climax with the help of the two women sucking her nipples. A few minutes later Tom filled Laura with his huge load. The older woman got between Laura's legs eating her pussy as soon as Tom had pulled out. She was sucking at her snatch like crazy getting every last drop of Tom's cum from her pussy bringing Laura to another climax as she did so. 

Now Mike was fucking her and the woman was back sucking on Laura's other nipple. Mike fucked her for about 10 minutes, not coming. He pulled out and the other woman now had her turn at eating Laura. The older woman turned towards Tom now leaving her breast and began sucking his cock. You could tell that she enjoyed not only eating pussy but sucking a cock as well.

All of a sudden three men stepped out of the bathroom into the hall in sight of Laura, all three of them fully aroused. Laura was in total shock at this new turn of events and glanced towards Mike. The first man had taken the woman eating her pussy's place and was ramming his cock hard and fast into her. The woman leaned over Laura kissing her, her tongue diving deep into her mouth.

Oh christ baby this is so fucking hot, watching them fuck and suck you! Tom had gotten behind the woman sucking on her nipple and slipped his cock into her fucking her while she sucked hungrily on Laura's nipple. Laura felt the man inside her stiffen as he shot his load into her pussy. 

As soon as he pulled out the next guy had his cock up her pumping her just as hard as the last guy had. Laura came, hell she couldn't help it, not with all this going on. This guy didn't last that long and came rather quickly, his sperm flowing down the crack of her ass with the last of the first guys, making a sticky puddle under her. 

Laura looked at the next guy getting ready to fill her pussy with his cock and noticed he was bigger than any of the men in the room. He filled her pussy easily with all the cum inside her, he pumped her hard, each pump taking her breath away as he fucked her. Each stroke of his cock would go a little deeper making her gasp for breath. Her hips meeting his strokes as he filled her with that huge cock.

Mike came just watching Laura a few minutes ago and was stroking his cock again, still hard and turned on. He was watching the play of emotions across Laura's face as the man fucked her and he knew she was loving every minute of his fucking. Laura surprised Mike when she spoke, she had no idea how much what she said increased his pleasure, and heightened his arousal when she started talking filthy to him.

"You love it when you see other men fucking me don't you Michael? It turns you on to see them using me like your slut, doesn't it?" "Oh god yes, fuck me hard with that big fucking cock of yours buddy! Fucking fill my pussy so Tom's cock can swim in there when he fucks me again."

Mike was breathing hard watching and listening to Laura. She now had the control and was using it very aptly. 

"Micheal fuck this woman, I want to see you fucking her for my pleasure like I fuck these guys for yours, fuck her Michael!"

Mike moved behind the woman sucking on her nipples and shoved his cock hard into her making the woman moan out loud as his cock rammed her wet snatch. He looked at Laura never taking his eyes from hers as she watched him fuck this woman.

The guy fucking Laura with the huge cock hadn't come yet and he and Tom changed places. Everybody was doing somebody by now. Mike fucking the one woman sucking on her nipples, Tom fucking her, the huge cock was now fucking the other woman who was sucking one of the other guys off and the last guy moved up towards Laura's mouth so she could suck his cock as well.

The room smelled of sex and it turned everyone on even more it seemed. Laura was ready to cum again, she tried to hold it back but had no control over it. She looked at Mike just as he came inside the woman. "Eat her Mike, eat your cum from her pussy honey." Laura had no sooner got the last word out of her mouth when Tom yelled shooting his load into her pussy.

The guy who she had been sucking moved in quickly and filled her overflowing, swollen pussy with his cock. He came quickly and as soon as he moved away the huge cock was back ramming her pussy hard. She was so sore but she enjoyed his cock pumping her pussy.

The other woman moved over to Mike and knelt down beside him taking his cock in her mouth while he was eating the other woman's pussy. One of the guys had disappeared into the bathroom and the other was now behind the woman sucking Mike's cock, slipping his cock in her pussy fucking her hard as well. Tom was the only one who was not fucking or being sucked so Laura reached for his cock bringing it to her mouth. "Cum in my mouth Tom, she told him just before wrapping her mouth around his cock."

"No way babe, if I'm going to cum it will be all over you so Mike and I can lick it all off you afterwards," he told her. "Then my wife is going to eat big cocks cum from your pussy while we are cleaning up my mess," he told her smiling down at the shocked look in her eyes. "Yes, that's my wife Mary who Mike is eating right now," he told her winking at her.

The guy with the huge cock was pumping harder and faster now and she knew it would not be long and he would shoot his load into her. A couple minutes later he pulled her hard against his cock as he exploded inside her. She pulled her mouth away from Tom's cock as he rammed her deep with his cock taking her breath away as he did. 

Tom jerked off covering Laura's tits, neck and her cheek with his cum. Mary clutched the bed tightly as Mike brought her to climax. Mike pulled his cock out of the other womans mouth, stood and jerked his load all over Laura as well. The other couple were still fucking but their grunts and moans were a sure sign they were going to be coming soon too.

Mary was now between Laura's legs eating her pussy, her face shinny with all the cum inside and on Laura as she cleaned her up. Mike and Tom were busy licking and eating their cum off her body, each taking time to share some with her with their kisses. Mary was still eating Laura's pussy when the guys finished cleaning up their messes. They both watched as Mary brought Laura to orgasm. Mary licked her pussy clean as the men untied her then the four of them fell down on the bed falling to sleep in minutes.

When Laura woke a couple hours later the only people in the room were the four of them, everyone else was gone. Laura moved slowly off the bed so as not to wake anyone, but Mary was also awake and moving too.

The women went into the bathroom together, shutting the door and turning on the shower. Mary used the toilet first then got into the shower while Laura used the toilet then joined Mary in the shower. Mary had told her to jump on in as soon as she came out from the toilet.

Mary was built like Laura so she really didn't have much of a problem being naked with her. They washed each others bodies and then took turns washing each others matted hair.

Mary asked her if she enjoyed her husband as much last night as she had tonight. Laura smiled telling her yes she had. 

Laura asked her if she had been here last night as well and she told her while her husband was over here playing with her and Mike she had been playing with the others.

Mary told Laura that the five of them were a group who played together twice a month. They only played with each other and Mike and she had been the exception. Tom was also a truck driver and he and Mike had known each other for a few years both driving for the same company. One night when they had been stranded in a truck stop during a snow storm they got to talking and Tom had told him about their group and the open marriage he and his wife shared.

So that is how they got together she told herself. She had been wondering how he had found all these people and had got them all to agree to this. She didn't think to many people would be to open to all that many strangers for a first time. Now she understood how he had managed it.

Mary finished washing Laura's hair and Laura tilted her head back under the shower spray to rinse it. She felt Mary's hands on her breasts as she rinsed her hair then felt her mouth encircle a nipple and begin a slow suck.

Laura laid her hand on Mary's head urging her mouth more fully into her breast. Mary began sucking her nipple like she was nursing it, which always turned Laura on the quickest. Mary let her free hand move down between Laura's legs, her finger finding her clit. She began rubbing it in slow circles, now and then slipping her finger up inside her pussy, finger fucking her.

Laura was very aroused and she wanted to touch Mary as she was being touched. She hungered to suck on her nipples as well and wanted very badly to touch her pussy as she had never been with a woman and was not able to touch anyone last night while she was tied up.

Mary stopped sucking her nipple, standing up. "Laura let's sneak out to my room so we can have some private time before we wake the guys up," she told her. "We are in the room right next to yours so we can slip out quickly." 

They got out of the shower, dried off and slipped on their clothes, and quietly left the room. As soon as they were inside Mary and Tom's room Mary turned her to kiss her deeply. Her hand sliding up inside Laura's robe, to grab a nipple. She pushed Laura down onto the bed after taking her robe off her. She undressed quickly then lay down beside Laura, taking a nipple in her mouth sucking it like a baby again.

Laura was getting wet with her arousal as Mary found out when she reached between her legs to finger her pussy and clit. Laura let her hand slip between them and found Mary's breast. She rubbed her nipple between her thumb and forefinger and Mary moaned in her pleasure.

Laura couldn't wait any longer she wanted to suck her nipples and pulled her breast up to her mouth. Laura sucked her nipple as she had done to her, getting the same response from Mary that she felt when her nipples were sucked like this. Laura spent a long time sucking her nipples, going from one to the other then back again. Stopping now and then to share a deep kiss with her.

Laura let her left hand move slowly down Mary's body then pushed Mary over onto her back, her mouth still sucking her nipple as she did so. She let her fingers find her wet pussy and thrilled at the first touch of intimately touching another woman's pussy for the first time. This was really turning Laura on and she hungered for more.

She began to finger fuck her, slow and steady, one finger then two. Mary was moaning and moving to meet her seeking fingers. Laura was still sucking her nipples and knew she was not going to stop until she had made Mary come at least one time this way.

Mary was close to coming Laura could tell when her finger found her clit to be hard and extended as she rubbed it slowly. 

"Oh yes Laura, please don't stop I'm going to come soon. Oh yes, just like that Laura rub harder I'm going to come." Laura moved to her other nipple, as her finger rubbed Mary's clit harder and in circles. Mary arched her back as her orgasm overtook her.

Laura was so turned on by Mary's climax that she quickly moved down between her legs wanting to taste her badly. Laura knew how she felt when someone ate her pussy and she wanted to make Mary feel the same way, besides having her first taste of another woman's pussy.

Laura first slipped her finger inside her pussy watching her finger move in and out of her pussy. She was even more turned on watching her finger as she finger fucked Mary. She moved her pussy lips apart and let her tongue take it's first touch of virgin territory for it. She licked at the sides of her pussy getting little moans from Mary. Then she stuck her tongue deep inside her pussy as far as she could get it, licking and lapping up her juices.

Laura realized that she was really enjoying this and knew immediately that she was now bisexual and loving it. She pressed her tongue hard against her clit, rubbing it with circular motions before sucking it between her lips. Mary groaned loudly as she sucked at her clit. 

Mary reached for Laura's head pulling her harder into her pussy and Laura sucked her clit harder, now and then pressing her tongue hard agaisnt it as Mary squirmed all over the bed. Laura finally wrapped her arms around Mary's thighs holding her down on the bed as she sucked her clit. Mary leaned up so she could look down at Laura eating her pussy and their eyes locked.

"Fuck yes, Laura your a great pussy eater, fuck yes! Oh god baby keep it up that feels so fucking good," she told her before she fell back down onto the bed.

Laura was really into eating her snatch and when Mary had told her how good it felt she was ecstatic. She sucked her clit bringing her to another climax that covered her tongue with Mary's sweet cum. Laura was going to keep it up but Mary was not having any of that. 

Mary pulled her head away from her pussy and quickly pressed Laura onto her back. "Oh no you don't, now it's my turn, I want to eat you too, that's why we came over here in the first place."

Mary went right at Laura's already swollen and excited clit, bringing her to a quick climax. She made her come twice more before stopping. Mary kissed Laura deeply and then told her now she was going to fuck her before they went back to wake the men up. 

She jumped out of bed and reached in the drawer of the bedside table taking out a strap on. Laura watched amazed as Mary stepped into it pulling the straps up high on her thighs then tightening the band around her waste. She grabbed two pillows and slipped them under Laura's ass, bringing her pussy up high enough for her to be able to fuck her with the fake cock.

She knelt between Laura's legs, then lifted her legs pressing them back into her belly. Laura helped by holding her legs up and back as Mary positioned the fake cock at her pussy slipping it inside. "Tom and I fixed this so it would work better on me when I wear it," she told Laura. "I sewed heavy weight laytex into the panties so it would fit snugly then Tom made the holder for the cock out of three thicknesses of leather so we could use a longer heavier dildo in it. Then I sewed a thick patch of leather inside to help with the weight of the dildo.

Laura felt it slide easily in her pussy, she was already wet enough that no lube was needed at all. Mary started out taking slow strokes, teasing Laura's pussy with the fake cock. Then she picked up the tempo fucking her at a steady pace. Mary leaned forward on Laura's legs pressing deeper into her with each stroke. She tugged at Laura's nipples while she fucked her with the fake cock. Twenty minutes later Laura came covering the fake cock with her cream. Mary let Laura lick her own cum from the fake cock before taking it off and taking a taste for herself.

"Shall we go back and wake the guys up for a little early morning fun now," she asked Laura?

"Mmmmm yes, and I think we shall have a surprise for Mike this time as well," Laura told her as they headed back to their room.

Both men were still fast asleep on the big bed, both women undressed then Mary lay down softly next to Mike and Laura next to Tom. They both reached for their cocks and began to slowly stroke them awake. As they became more awake the women leaned down at the same time to take their cocks in their mouths.

Tom opened his eyes first seeing that it was Laura who was sucking his cock and his wife sucking Mike's. Mike opened his eyes almost at the same time seeing who was doing what to who. 

Both men were hard when the women stopped sucking their cocks. Both men reached for each of them but they brushed them off as they moved to lay on the bed between them.
