 When we arrived at my place, I knew that I wanted to fuck Chelsea right off the bat, just as I could tell that Nicky wanted another go at Monica. It didn't take long, in fact, for me to bring out the beer and help those two relax a little more to prepare for the act. I could see how hot and heavy Nicky made Monica, not that I could blame either of them. In relatively short order, those two were rolling around on the carpet, Monica pulling off articles of Nicky's clothing with her teeth. Ironically, I think that Nicky not being able to perform normally took some of the pressure off both of them, not that either of them wouldn't have gladly dealt with performance anxiety so that Nicky could truly fuck her.

Chelsea giggled a little as she virtually dragged me into the bedroom with her, where she knelt to make up for lost time. Her mouth was as hot as lava as she descended upon my cock with it, licking and sucking with an undeniable hunger for it. This was a truly delicious contrast with her "ice-queen" façade of the "stiff upper lip" lady of the British upper crust. She winked at me more than once as she played with my balls, too, tossing her hair as she nearly gagged more than once and I could see the shape of my dick move along her face. Her tongue slid repeatedly over the opening of my cock and pretty soon bathed the head in its wetness.

When we heard Monica scream her climax from Nicky's oral services, I could smell Chelsea get wetter and she redoubled her efforts to get me off, which soon had the desired effect, as I pumped a massive load that I had built up all afternoon and evening. The last time I came that day was up Nicky's sweet boi pussy. I grinned, knowing this, especially as my new fiancée must have at least suspected that my cock had been balls deep inside him that morning. When she gave me a lascivious wink and gulped down my spunk, I could tell that she knew exactly where my dick had been that day.

"Delicious ... can't wait to watch you fuck him and suck your cock straight from his arse," Chelsea delighted me by saying such kinky things in her posh accent.

"Wow, Chels, you are something else ... my classy English tart," I laughed as I pulled her to her feet for a snowball from the traces that didn't make it down her throat.

"Well, what can I say? It's such a pleasure to have a man who would shamelessly plunder bum and quim, bloke and lady alike," she licked her lips after our steamy kiss.

"You really get off on me buggering Nicky, don't you?" I chuckled.

"Oh, God, yes, love! It makes my fanny wet to even think of you taking his arse that way. He's such a darling little twink and you're such a randy goat ... you belong together, just as you and I do," Chelsea assured me, as she began disrobing in full view of me until she wore nothing but lingerie attached to hose by straps.

"Like my knickers? Smell how soaked they are from you fucking my face, knowing that you pounded his sweet bum earlier today," Chelsea brought her panties to me ... and they were indeed dripping wet.

Before I knew it, I was flat on my back in a 69, Chelsea's bald pussy riding my face, much to my delight (and hers), while her mouth devoured my dick yet again. I licked greedily at her yummy slit, too, pleased at how her snatch never lost its musky smell and taste over the years. She went out of her way to get me hard again, evidently desperate to make me ready for her succulent twat. Her tongue slid all along my cock, from the head to the base, repeatedly, doing her level best to make me stiff as could be. It was a damn good reminder of why she was such a popular porn star.

"Someone has returned to life in a hurry," Chelsea snickered as my cock stiffened faster than expected.

"Well, I can see why you're so good at what you do ... You love it," I grinned as Chelsea reversed herself and slid on top of my dick, taking it inside her.

"God's teeth, you have no idea how much I love it, Dave. But you know what my secret is? When I want to get really wet, truly hot and bothered, I imagine that I'm doing this ... shagging you," Chelsea confessed, "Don't tell anyone, please. I rather like having the edge, though I suspect that Eden often thinks of her hubby while she fucks other men. Not always, but often. Sometimes, personally, I think of David Hasselhoff, but it's mostly you."

"Hasselhoff, huh, and I get more orgasms from you than he does? That's flattering as hell. He's Michael fucking Knight, after all," I laughed as I felt Chelsea bounce so furiously up and down on my pole that I worried for a second or two that she might break it.

"A living legend, but no candle to you, darling. You're the love of my life. You really are, dear. I've waited to be yours for a long time and I got tired of waiting any longer. I had to find out what the stumbling block was for you. Once I learned that it was a sensible, if not particularly correct, worry like that, I wanted to put that behind us and yesterday. Do you know why I don't let my esteemed colleagues fuck me without a rubber?" Chelsea asked me as she continued to ride me, enjoying my dick at her own pace right then...

"Not really, but I'm sure that you'll tell me, babe," I answered with a grin.

"For the same reason that I've never taken it in the bum. Those are privileges not just for any man. I'd do the bareback with you or Nicky. A few trusted and admired others, like Eden's husband Jack. As for the buggery, well ... I've determined to give you my cherry arse. You shall be the first to use me there," Chelsea explained to me as we got it on, hot and sweaty, under the sheets...

I got the distinct impression that she would normally prefer other positions, but that this was a rare event where she wanted to milk me for all she could in more ways than one. Chelsea wanted to make love to me this time around, to reiterate that she really was my girl in the same way that Nicky was my boy. They both belonged to me, which was perfectly fine in my book. There would be plenty of time for wild, rough, kinky sex. This was a moment for the tender side of loving.

As I felt Chelsea tighten up and squeeze my cock for the contents of my balls, which emptied into her, I heard Monica cum yet again, which made Chelsea and me laugh all over again. There was no doubt now that those two did have their moment of intimacy, both physical and emotional, just as we had ... and just as Nicky and I had. There were multiple bonds forming at once, and that was perfectly fine with me. Judging from the look of vicarious joy on Chelsea's face, it was okay with her, too.

We lay there for a moment or two longer, as Chelsea put her head on my chest, her frosty façade forgotten for now. Her hair felt soft to the touch as I ran my fingers through it, holding her in my arms at last. We dozed off for a little while together on my bed, while Nicky apparently did the same with Monica. We were more than fuckbuddies or bedfellows now ... we were lovers as well. Ours was more than a fling. It was a love affair and both of us knew it, just as Nicky knew the same about what we had together ... and Monica and Nicky knew about each other.

I awoke to Chelsea's tears on my hairy chest, while Nicky and Monica stood over us, both of them grinning. Chelsea woke up then and began kissing me fiercely, not even checking to see if we were watched. I stroked her hair a bit more and looked triumphantly at the happy couple in front of us, at which point Chelsea turned to see them as well. She smiled and blew them a kiss before turning to me for my blessing, and then gesturing for them to join us on the bed.

"You were crying, Chels," I remarked.

"Tears of joy, am I right?" Monica gave her two cents.

"Precisely. You proved to me that I was still worthy of your love ... that you really wanted me after all. All that you needed was to get that silly, if understandable, worry out of your head. You know, that double standard bollocks. You're my Yank and I'm never giving you up. I certainly wouldn't deny you anything that you wished. I shall lavish you with affection in whatever form that you wish, spoil you rotten, darling. You made me feel like both a proper lady and a saucy tart at once. The blokes can usually do the one or the other, but not both. It's either sniveling little worms who kiss my arse for the privilege of shagging me or conceited bastards who think that they're God's gift to womankind. I feel like bloody Goldilocks right now. I've found the chap who's just right," Chelsea kissed me feverishly.

"Same here," Monica giggled as she tickled Nicky, "He gave me three to five orgasms in a row. I lost count after the third or so. I think that I nearly had a coronary from all of the excitement. My heart certainly beat faster. It was more than that, of course. His touch ... so gentle, so loving ... so feminine, even. Never thought it possible from a man. His kisses, so steamy. I'm in love."

"I love you, too, Monica ... but try and understand that I also love Dave. He's been there for me forever. We're really boyfriends, he and I," Nicky reminded her of his bond with me.

"Sweetie, I know that! What you two guys have is very special and I wouldn't dream of trying to break it up. I must confess that I find it rather sexy, in fact. Something about two men together, even an obvious Top-bottom, bear-twink thing like you two have ... muy caliente. Trust me, baby. What we have is no more a threat to you and Dave than what he has with Chelsea, nor is what you two have a threat to our upcoming marriages. Yes, Nicky, I meant that. I want to be your wife, strange as that might sound. I'm not sure what will happen physically, other than mind-blowing orgasms from your fingers and tongue, but I love you, no matter what," Monica assured him in our presence, even giving him a kiss to make her point.

"But ... I have no job, or will have none after my two weeks are done," he objected.

"Fuck your job! I want to marry the man that I love. So what if you're also househusband to Dave here! I fell in love with you tonight and I want to stay here, with you. As for Dave ... well, I like him and if you're okay with me fucking him, I will appreciate that and enjoy it, but I'm not just about what I can get from you. I'm here because I truly care for you, enough that I want to spend the rest of my life with you, Nicky. You might be his bum boy, but to me, you're Papi. Get what I mean?" Monica told Nicky with tearful kisses to his entire face.

"So ... I think that we're pretty clear on the family relationships here. We'll all live together, the four of us. We'll need a larger bed for sure. A larger place, even. So ... Nicky is my bum boy, but he's Monica's fiancé. Chelsea is my fiancée now, too. We have an open relationship, and you two must have at least a partly open one, since Nicky and I are lovers. It goes without saying that our relationship is open as well. Anything else? I got the impression that there might be at least a physical arrangement between Monica and me, too, and perhaps one with her and Chelsea, or is this still undecided?" I addressed the nature of our relationships.

"I think that Monica and you kinda need to be at least physically involved, as it's only fair to her, not to mention you. I can't ask you, after all you've done for me, not to touch a lovely Tejana like her when she's right in front of you and clearly wants you to fuck her. Especially since I can't fuck her properly, let alone breed her. I'm completely sterile now, a genetic dead end. What do you guys think?" Nicky thought out loud.

"Thank you, Nicky! You won't regret it! You're the best fiancé ever!" Monica showered Nicky with kisses.

"I must confess that the idea of those two getting it on, even to fill her womb, totally rocks! After all, I'm not the jealous type and Dave's seen me fuck others before. Why shouldn't I watch him, too? I love it!" Chelsea swore as she planted kisses on each of us.

"You know that I'll happily share Nicky's tongue with you, girlfriend, especially since Dave already intended that, I do believe," Monica said as she kissed Chelsea back with some tongue, "and I would love to fuck you, too, some time."

"Works for me," I chuckled, "I like these ideas so far."

"Me, too, stud," Nicky teased me as he gave me a French kiss, too, letting me recall just how much he enjoyed being my pussy boi.

"You're still my bottom bitch, aren't you?" I chuckled.

"Proudly!" Nicky said, now bending over the chest of drawers in the master bedroom to make that point.

"God, yes ... I must watch this. Fuck his ass! Fuck it nice and hard for us!" Chelsea egged us on.

"Yes, Dave, give it to him good! You can tell that he wants it, too!" Monica added her own take on things.

I felt my cock get very hard indeed, and before I realized what happened, I had grabbed Nicky's buns to spread them apart and lube his sphincter for my dick. I reached down to his cock and felt it stiffen a little in response to so much stimulation. It wasn't fully hard by any stretch of the imagination, but it wasn't totally dead. There were some signs of life, after all, the first that had been seen since he lost his balls.

"Oh, damn ... hot damn, this is fucking sexy!" Monica exclaimed in our hearing as I slipped my cock, inch by inch, into Nicky's butt.

Once again, I felt the tightness and heat of Nicky's tush on my dick, and damn, it felt great! As he pushed back at me with his hips, my cock ramming further inside him at every stroke, I exulted in the awareness that we were truly together where we belonged. True, I was now engaged to Chelsea and he to Monica, but that wasn't in any way an impediment to what came naturally for us. We were meant to be lovers, he was my pretty boy, and I was his Daddy or whatever one called it. Nicky was mine for life and nothing could ever change that from now on. We were partners, lovers, and friends ... lifelong companions in every way possible for two men. Alexander and Hephaestion would be proud, and thankfully, our Roxanes didn't mind it at all.

Nicky was now fully stiff in spite of the loss of his balls, so there was but one thing to do. I pulled out just long enough and gestured for Monica to go underneath him. I wanted her to experience his cock at last. She slid underneath him in a hurry, eager to feel his dick within her, even though it couldn't produce sperm. He began pumping furiously in and out of her pussy, while I slammed in and out of his booty, my every thrust pushing closer to his prostate until I bottomed out inside his ass. It took a little longer for Nicky to do the same inside Monica, but he did so, finally having lost his virginity in spite of Sly Mackenzie and Nancy Hutchens.

When Monica came seconds later from the realization, followed by Nicky, and then myself, we collapsed onto the carpet of my bedroom ... our bedroom now. I pulled Chelsea down with us and smelled the aroma of her very wet and excited twat from watching us, my tongue soon invading her snatch to push her past the brink as the other two now watched us. Chelsea didn't take long to gush after that, especially when Nicky added his tongue to the activity, our tongues now working together to make her cum yet again, neither of us objecting to the taste of my jizz from before. When Monica started licking Chelsea's tits, she screamed a third and last orgasm that pierced our ears, but also pleased them, before she lay there with us in total exhaustion.

"When we get up later, I'm totally going to thank you for that by letting you have me any way that you want," Monica promised me, "You let me finally feel my boyfriend's hard cock inside me. That was spectacular!"

"Yeah, that's another one I owe you, honey," Nicky thanked me with a kiss coated with Chelsea's juices and my own cum.

"And trust me, I plan to collect, babe. For now, though, let's get a good night's rest," I told him as we lay on the floor in a tangled hot mess.

"So do I, lovers ... so do I," Chelsea got in the last word.