 Everyone was a little wiped from the morning activities so Michelle suggested we go out back to take a dip in the pool. The girls put their bras and panties back on, except for Michelle who went topless cause apparently, she just didn't give a fuck. 

I was lying on the chaise lounge in my wet boxers watching Meghan pose on the diving board. Her dripping wet undies not doing much to conceal her curves. Michelle and Elise emerged from the water, giggling and talking. 

"Come on, I'll show you" Michelle said, holding Elise's hand and walking her over to share the lounge chair with me. Without preamble, Michelle flipped her wet hair back and proceeded to suck my cock slowly but steadily in long, deep strokes, then offering my shaft to Elise and coaching her along. With such an excellent teacher, Elise's technique was improving rapidly.

I laid back and enjoyed the attention the two girls were giving my dick while watching the show Meghan was putting on for me. 

Pretty soon all three of us ended up in a tangle in the Jacuzzi, intertwined like one giant Hindu god with extra arms legs and tits, but only one very lucky dick. Elise moved up and started kissing me like crazy, and I eventually started to shift her onto my lap. Her tiny body was almost weightless in the water. Just as I was about to swing her leg over and settle her onto my cock, Michelle whispered in my ear

"She's a virgin." 

Crazy, I thought, but I couldn't stop now. I brought the little cheerleader's leg slowly across my body, leaving her straddling me, her tiny box rubbing gently against the base of my dick. Michelle and Meghan were taking turns kissing Elise and me, our lips, necks, ears, etc. Their hands roamed non-stop over both our bodies. I took a long deep breath to savor the moment, got a firm grip on Elise's teeny little bubble butt and started to slowly lower her onto my fat cock. 

With the buoyancy of the water and Elise's tightness, gravity wasn't enough to force my 8 inches into her tiny box so I motioned for Michelle and Meghan to help and they took hold of her shoulders and brought her down slowly but surely onto my dick. Elise bit her lip and hugged me tight as she fought through that first bit of pain as I broke through her cherry, she kept biting her lip for different reasons as she got into a rhythm on top of me, working herself up to her first orgasm, Meghan and Michelle kissing her neck, rubbing and twisting her perky nipples as her breathing got heavier and her eyes got glazy. 

With her hair wet and slicked back and her freckles showing on her face, she looked so much like a little kid that I felt like the world's biggest pervert defiling this innocent young thing, and it felt good. I adjusted my grip on her little ass, and slid a finger slowly up her asshole. She gasped in surprise and here eyes popped wide open, but I just quickened my pace and started really bouncing her up and down on my cock, but I felt I wasn't getting enough thrust going, so I collected Elise in my arms, brought her out of the water and laid her on her on her back on the chaise lounge, got her legs up over my shoulders and started pounding this little beauty like crazy. If Elise thought she was being fucked before, she was now experiencing a whole new level as this new position allowed me to get that last inch or two into her, my dick amazingly disappearing into this tiny body.

Elise started to moan, signaling all of us that she was ready to finish, Michelle's mouth on her nipple brought her over the line, and she grabbed onto me with everything she had, lips, arms, legs, so tight I could barely breathe, then she shuddered like a car with engine trouble, and came like crazy. I was right behind her, but I did remember to pull out at the last second, with Meghan talking me in her hand as my cock twitched and Michelle doing her one better by taking it in her mouth. I came so hard it hurt, with Meghan feeding my cock to Michelle, who swallowed every drop. 

I collapsed on the lounge, Elise cuddling in next to me, quiet now, satiated and probably, in love with me forever now. Michelle noted the lateness in the afternoon and suggested we "hit the showers" which sounded good to me!