 I was in my second year of college when I got Mr. Moran for Psych 201. I'd just transferred into Iona from Florida State, where, incidentally, I left my parents. I was 19, on my own, and his was my first class in my new college.

I'd heard the girls talk about Mr. Moran. They spoke as if he was so incredibly sexy - my interest was peaked. I sat at one of the front tables and waited for class to begin. 

This must be him. I watched as a tallish man came into the room, briefcase in hand, neatly dressed. He looked to be about 40-45, a bit overweight, salt and pepper hair, and he seemed hurried. Like he'd been late. I looked at my watch. He was late. This is not what I expected.

Then he turned to face the class.

A charismatic smile crossed his face as he addressed the class. 

"Good morning," he began. "I am Professor Moran, and I do not mind if you call me Ken, or Kenny. Not Kenneth. I will, in return, address you in the same manner. In this class we will be spending a great deal of time discussing Freud and Jung, and their various theories on sexuality as it impacts one's psyche. If you are uncomfortable with such talk..." he paused for comic effect, "......you get a transfer or an F. You choose." 

The class chuckled. I began to see what the girls found enticing about the guy. He was charming. He drew the class in immediately with his casual demeanor. He had a friendly smile. That meant a lot - I was scared to be on my own, and "Kenny" seemed like a nice enough guy. I would enjoy this class.

A couple of months passed, and everyone in class was so familiar with everyone else by this time, that joking and double entendre were bantered about with ease. Kenny had an easy smile and a great laugh, and I now knew why the girls thought he was sexy. I agreed with them. Something about him...couldn't put my finger on what. I asked my seatmate, Lauren, what she thought of Ken. 

"Mmmmm, he makes me crazy!" Lauren answered enthusiastically. Lauren and I were very open with each other. Let's face it, since I'd moved into the dorm, Lauren and I were more than open. We were lovers. But we always appreciated the sexy men we'd run across. 

I had a thing for older guys, and I began entertaining thoughts about Ken. I'd confided to Lauren about my fantasies, and she listened with interest. I confessed that sometimes, when we were together intimately, I pictured myself under Ken, instead of Lauren. The confession turned her on.

"We should do something about that then, babe," Lauren suggested. Uh oh, I thought, I am scared of where she is going with this....but I like it, I like it! We made plans.

Kenny was always flirting with the girls in class. Innocently enough, of course, but every once in a while, I'd notice that he'd retreat to stand behind his desk, shifting uncomfortably, eventually finishing the class seated squarely behind his desk, not moving till the last student had left the classroom.

Today, the class was moaning, but not from any suggestive talk. There was a project due. 

"I want you to pair up," Ken started, "and do an indepth analysis of the Jungian theory of sexuality as it impacts dreams. No less than 6 pages, no more than 10, double spaced, small font, no pictures!" he ended his direction with a wry smile. The class laughed. Ken smiled, his blue-green eyes crinkling up. I smiled at him, trying to make eye contact. He caught my smile and smiled back. I looked away. I was still a shy lass - the only person I'd ever been physical with was Lauren. I'd never been with a man before. But I sure wanted the experience.

Lauren took the initiative. She always did. "Professor K, Valerie and I are working together for this project, but we're gonna have trouble. Can we make an appointment to talk to you?" 

Ken looked curious. I'm sure he was thinking already they know they are going to have trouble? But he let it slide and agreed - we could come see him at 4 at his office in Doorley Hall.

I looked at Lauren, surprised. "What the hell are you doing?" I whispered to her. "What are we going to talk to him about?" She just smiled, and whispered back.

"I'll tell you later."

Four o'clock came and found us both in Professor Ken's office. No Professor Ken yet. He always seemed to be running late. I hoped he wouldn't be too late, or I would lose my nerve. I was so nervous about this. Half of me wanted to kick Lauren in the pants for suggesting it. The other half of me was extremely tingly and eager. I didn't know which half was the dominant one.

Ken quickly walked into the office, closing the door behind him, laying his briefcase down, when he finally looked up and noticed we were already seated at his desk. He looked at his watch and rolled his eyes. 

"I'm sorry, girls," he began. "I've been running late all day."

You always are running late! I thought. He'd unbuttoned the top couple buttons on his rumpled shirt. It was the end of a long day for him, and he looked tired. I was definitely losing my nerve. 

Lauren began. 

"Professor, Val and I are having trouble with this whole 'dream' thing. I mean, sexuality is one thing, but does sexuality really impact dreams?"

Ken looked surprised. Duh, haven't we been discussing this for a week now? Lauren, what the hell are you doing? Making him laugh us out of the office?

"Well, Lauren, have you been reading the text? We've...been discussing this for some time now."

I shot a look over at Lauren that blatanly said I want you dead, you stupid jerk!

"Yeah, Ken, but...well, you see, it's not like Val and I don't have sexy dreams sometimes. But I don't know that those dreams are impacted by anything in real life." Lauren, you are digging such a hole for us! Shut up! Let's leave!

Ken leaned back in his chair, mulling over what Lauren said. Was he thinking about a scholarly answer to her statement, or was he wondering how to graciously get us out of the office? I couldn't tell. A smile began to creep across his face.

"What is it that you need my advice on, girls?"

Lauren continued, "Well, like take Val for instance..." I will kill you and make it look like an accident, Lauren!  I felt my face grow hot. I probably looked like a tomato, I felt my cheeks grow warm.

"Val often has dreams about ...... her teachers." I wanted to crawl under my seat. Ken looked amused. His eyes began to crinkle up. I felt stupid. 

"Oh? Is that so, Valerie?" he teased, looking at me. At least I thought he was looking at me - I was looking at my lap. 

"Yes, Ken, that's right!" Lauren chirped brightly. "Sometimes, when we are fooling around, she thinks of you, too!" I prayed for the floor to swallow me up whole. 

Ken's smile disappeared. He swallowed. I could tell he had no idea how to continue. Lauren was relishing this. I was shaking in my shoes. This was one hell of an awkward conversation. 

Ken's voice was softer and deeper now. "Really?" He was watching me. Sizing me up. Lauren was smiling ear to ear. I didn't know where to look. But I found myself unable to stop looking at Ken now. My heart was racing a bit. I was getting hot - but was he getting embarassed or angry or hot or what? I couldn't read him. 

Lauren got up and went over to him, behind his desk. "I admit, Ken, that I think about you sometimes, too. But Val really has a thing for you. And I really have a thing for Val. Whatever she wants, I want. Do you understand what I'm getting at?" She was bending over, eye level with Ken now. He nodded, mutely, still watching me.

Lauren put one hand on his shoulder, and beckoned me over with her other hand. I came beside her, and she sat me on his desk. Turning to him, she whispered, "Do you like watching girls with other girls, Professor?"

"Yes." He was almost breathless. He certainly was breathtaking. He watched us intently. I don't even remember seeing him blink!

Lauren inclined her face toward mine and we began to kiss. I always melted when Lauren kissed me. She got right into it, too - she knew our time would be limited, that Ken would either have to go, or throw us out, or something else would cut our time short.

I lost myself in her kiss. Everything about Lauren was soft. Her lips were soft, her tongue was soft and warm and wet, and she really was able to take me out of the surroundings and transport my body to another plane. She was talented, that way.

Her hands trailed up to my breasts, and she began to fondle me gently. I moaned, even though I was still a bit self-conscious about doing this in the professor's office with the professor not more than half a foot from me!

His hand was covering his crotch. But not covering....more like he had his hand there to touch himself, not hide himself. His fingers caressed his cock through his pants, and they showed more and more how excited he was getting.

Lauren was a stage manager - she knew just where she wanted things. Just what she wanted to happen and when she wanted it to happen. She sat me down in Ken's lap and and leaned over to kiss Ken. He didn't resist. It was a soft, closed mouth kiss at first, but watching them, I saw Ken's lips part and accept Lauren's insistant tongue. I began to get jealous - but of Ken or Lauren? Beat the heck out of me. All I knew is that I wanted some, too.

I began to unbutton my professor's shirt. His hand left his cock and slipped around my back as I undressed him, as Lauren kept kissing him. After undoing his shirt, I began my own trail of kisses up from his tummy; when I got to his nipple, I heard him react with a delicious mmmmmmmmmmmm, which Lauren echoed. After playing with his nipples a bit, I decided, hey, I want him to kiss me, too!

I raised my lips to his and Lauren's, and for a brief moment, all three of us were kissing at the same time. Lauren took my arrival as her cue to go somewhere else on Ken, who was definitely enjoying his 19 year old students. My head bent down to his eager kisses - oh, could he kiss! I let myself just wallow in the moment, feeling a hot, tingling from my toes all the way up to my lips! I could have kissed him for hours.

While I was kissing him, Lauren was working on his pants. I had to get off his lap so she could remove his belt, unzip him and work his boxers off. His cock sprang out, and I looked at him; it was the first time I'd seen a man's cock, I mean, a live man...I'd seen plenty of pictures - especially in Ken's class!

"Girls - " Ken began as we both kneeled in front of him. Lauren and I always thought alike. He put a hand on each of our heads, and I thought, He let us completely undress him and now he is changing his mind. Damn, damn, damn!

Lauren couldn't have cared less what Ken wanted. She wanted a seduction to take place. I admit, I was getting more turned on than I'd ever gotten before.

Lauren and I kissed some more. Our hands had divided attentions. We each had one hand on each other, and the other hand on Ken. My hand was around his calf. Her hand was stroking his cock. He seemed to be torn between watching the show and just putting his head back and getting fucked. Eventually, he stopped watching the girl on girl stuff to put his head back and enjoy. 

We didn't let him.

Almost on cue, Lauren and I leaned into Ken, our tongues playing tag with each other, and then both of us sharing Ken's cock. In between lapping his cock head and deep kissing each other, we kept our eyes open, enjoying the sights (and sounds) of this impromptu session. 

Ohhh - Ken let go of a low, guttural moan as Lauren and I took turns going down on him. Eventually, I was doing the swallowing - looking up at Ken reclining on his swivel chair, looking back down at me with a lulled expression on his face. Lauren got behind me, reached around my thighs, and squeezed my clit until I was pumping forward into the air. Moaning with my mouth full - this was fantastic. Better than I ever expected it to be. 

I felt Ken's testicles tighten up - his rythmic pumping into my mouth got faster - and Lauren noticed. She pulled me off him, to hold off his climax. He looked confused at that. 

"C'mere, Professor. Come on, Val." She motioned to the floor. We both wasted no time following directions.

"Lay down, Val," Lauren explained. She lifted my dress skirt up and then looked teasingly at Ken. "Watch, Ken." 

She straddled my face, like she'd done a hundred times before, and bent over to eat me. My arms encircled her ass as I returned the favor. She always could get me to buck - her tongue did wonders. When she stopped, I was just as confused as Ken had been when she pulled me off his cock!

She reached behind her, to the chair she'd been sitting on, and grabbed the pillow from it. She raised my rear end and put it on the pillow, and then motioned to Ken. 

"Ken, I think this little girl would love to have her teacher inside her," she teased. "What do you think?"

A broad smile played upon his lips. "I think I can arrange that," he played. He crawled up to me and touched me between my legs and I shivered. Here I was, still eating Lauren, and to feel yet another person between my legs, what a turn on!

He was as good as Lauren was with his tongue. He paid such attention to working my clit and teasing the inside of me, I thought I would burst. The sounds he made sounded like he was enjoying a juicy meal.

And then I felt him pressing against me. Slowly. He slid his cock in and out, in and out, just the head, and I stopped eating and moaned loudly. I felt his hands holding my hips as he took me like that, right on the floor. I realized after a while, Lauren wasn't speaking. She couldn't - she and Ken were kissing while she was getting eaten and I was getting fucked. 

We ended up sprawled out on the floor, sticky and sweaty and very very happy with ourselves. I had my first man, he had his first threesome, and Lauren got to please the girl she loved. It was a win-win-win situation. 

My relationship with Ken was hardly noticed during classtime, but every once in a while, I'd go for some extra help. Ken always takes as long as he needs to teach me what I need to know.