 Daniel pulled the jeep to the side of the road, and sat behind the wheel. Laurie seemed oblivious to what had just happened, she was still gladly moving her head up and down, sucking madly on his cock. He had to put a hand on Laurie's head and lift her away from his throbbing cock in order to get her attention. She sat up slowly, and looked at him, wondering if she had done something wrong.

"The truck that sped past us, it drove off the side of the road," explained Daniel, noticing the dejected look on her face. "We have to see if there's anything we can do to help."

Before stepping out of the jeep, Daniel slid his softening cock into his shorts, and zipped them back up. He didn't want to get out and have it waving in the wind, especially if he needed to help the truck driver. Laurie got out of the other side of the jeep and walked slowly behind Daniel to the edge of the road. What she saw made her gasp in surprise.

The truck was lying on its side, the nose of the truck had plowed into a large rock jutting out of the mountain. A second rock, a little lower than the first had also managed to keep the truck's flatbed from unhinging and rolling down the side of the mountain. The cab of the truck looked fairly mangled though, and Daniel was almost certain that the driver of the truck could not have survived the impact, even if he had been wearing a seat belt.

"I have a CB radio in the jeep, Laurie. I want you to go and try to raise somebody on it, and see if they can raise the police. You're best bet should be with another trucker."

"I've never used a CB radio before," protested Laurie, who was afraid that if she left Daniel's side, he might be an idiot and try to do something he might consider to be heroic.

"Just flick it on, and talk into the CB while pressing the side of the radio. It isn't that hard," replied Daniel, and Laurie could detect a note of exasperation in his voice, which only served to confirm her fears that he was planning on doing something stupid like climbing onto the truck's cab and seeing if he could help the driver before an ambulance or a police car arrived.

"No. I'm not leaving your side," said Laurie firmly. "I know what you're thinking. You want to try and help the driver, and you don't want me around to protest. The thing is, I used to be a trained life guard, and I had to take several Red Cross courses, and one of the things they teach you is to not move a person from a car unless you have a backboard. If the driver is alive, you could hurt him even more, or even kill him."

Daniel opened his mouth to protest, but Laurie silenced him. "I don't want to hear any of your macho bullshit bravado. We are both going back to the jeep, and you're going to call for help on the CB yourself. End of story."

"But we have to try and help him," protested Daniel.

"No," said Laurie sternly. "For all you know, the moment you climb onto the truck it will start to roll again due to your added weight. I know you want to help the driver, but you can't. We need to wait for the proper people to show up."

Daniel could see that there was no way he could argue with his headstrong companion. He sighed deeply, bowed his head in defeat, and walked back to the jeep to make the call. Within moments he had made contact with another trucker, who had been able to pass a message on to the police. It was then all a matter of standing by the side of the road, and waiting for help to arrive.

The first police car arrived ten minutes later, and for Daniel they had seemed to be the longest ten minutes of his life. Not another vehicle had passed them on the road from the time he had made the call on the CB to when he heard the wail of the police car's sirens approaching from the distance. The car appeared from the same direction they had been driving in, and it pulled up behind the jeep Cherokee.

Daniel walked over to the police car, while Laurie remained standing beside the jeep. Just as the police office was stepping out of his car, Daniel picked up the distinct whine of an Ambulance's siren coming from the opposite direction. The police officer took off his sun glasses, which seemed fairly stereotypical to Daniel, and folded them up and placed them in a breast pocket. He ignored Daniel for a moment, and instead looked at the long skid marks on the highway, which ran from just before the curve in the road, right over the side of the cliff.

"Do you know how fast he was going?" asked the OPP officer.

Daniel shook his head. "I know he was doing at least a hundred-and-ten kilometers when he sped past me on the highway, and I suspect that he was doing close to that when he came to the turn. I didn't see the accident though, I don't know how long it was before I caught up to him here."

The cop nodded his head, and walked along the skid marks towards the edge of the road. He looked at the truck, seemingly hanging precariously from the rocks. The sight reminded Daniel of those old cartoons were a car would be teetering on the edge of a cliff, and then a bird would land on it, causing the car to tumble over the side. Daniel suspected the very same thing could happen here as well.

Daniel's thoughts were interrupted by the arrival of the ambulance. The cop walked over and briefly spoke to the paramedics before he went back to his car and opened the trunk. He brought out a set of flares, and began to set them off, and placed them along the side of the road in order to warn any approaching vehicles of the accident. 

Not wanting to be in the way, Daniel walked back to Laurie, and stood next to her. She rested her head on his shoulder, and he wrapped an arm around his waist as he rested his own head on top of hers. They watched as the OPP officer and the paramedics approached the truck. The cop looked doubtfully at the two paramedics, and then slowly clambered down the edge of the cliff and onto the side of the truck.

"I can't look," moaned Laurie, and she buried her head into Daniel's shoulder, closing her eyes tightly.

Daniel watched by himself as the cop looked into the side of the truck, and then turned back to the paramedics and shook his head slowly. The truck driver was dead.

The cop climbed back onto the road, looking grateful that nothing had happened to him. Behind him, there was a loud creak, and the cop stopped in his tracks. Laurie, her head still buried in Daniel's shoulder, gasped with fear. Daniel waited to hear any moans creaks from the truck, but it had finished with its protests, it seemed. 

"You say you didn't see the accident?" asked the cop as he approached Daniel and Laurie. He looked visibly shaken from what could have been something far worse.

"No, we didn't," answered Daniel. "Like I said, he over took us like some maniac, and we only caught up with him here."

The OPP officer took out a notepad and started taking some notes. He took down both their addresses, including Daniel's new one in Edmonton, and asked some more questions. When asked what she was doing while Daniel had been driving, Laurie lied, telling the cop she had been fast asleep, and hadn't seen anything until Daniel had pulled over and woke her up. She had decided rather quickly into the questioning period that it would not be a good idea to let him know that she had had her head in Daniel's lap, sucking on his cock when Daniel first saw that the truck had gone off the road.

"He's dead, isn't he?" asked Laurie, knowing the answer, but at the same time needing to hear it from the OPP officer.

The OPP officer looked away from Laurie, instead looking at his polished shoes. "I'm afraid that he is, yes."

Laurie turned away from the cop, and walked to the passenger side of the jeep. She came in, and then began to cry.

"Is there anything else we can do here?" asked Daniel, knowing that the answer would more than likely be no.

The cop shook his head. "No point in staying. If you don't go now, you'll be stuck here. We're going to have to bring in a special truck crane to remove the truck, and that will require us blocking off the road. If you don't leave before the crane arrives, you'll have to turn around and head back the way you were coming. You won't be able to stay here though, you'd be in the way."

"I understand," replied Daniel, and he turned to get into his jeep.

"If we need to talk to you again, we'll be in contact," informed the police officer.

Daniel nodded his head. "I understand."

The police officer nodded his head in return. "Have a safe trip."

Daniel thanked the police officer, and then climbed into the jeep, started it up, and pulled back onto the road. He looked over at Laurie, and saw that her eyes were red, but she had stopped crying. He also managed to glance one last time at the truck, lying on its side just over the side of the road. It must have happened quickly, and Daniel was relieved to know this.

"The poor man," whispered Laurie, wiping at her wet face.

"Yeah," answered Daniel softly.

"Do you think he had a family?" asked Laurie.

Daniel sighed heavily. "I honestly have no clue, Laurie. I guess it's possible. I hope not though. I don't want to think of him leaving any loved ones behind."

Laurie was silent for a moment, thinking about how her parents had died in a car accident so many years ago now. She agreed with Daniel, not wanting to think about the man leaving behind a wife and children, especially an unborn child. It was too horrible to think about. "That would be horrible," she agreed finally.

Daniel shook his head slowly. He was pissed off, thinking about how the truck driver would still be alive had it not been for his stupid speeding. It was a waste, and all because he had such a damn lead foot. Had he just used his brain, and done the speed limit, he would still be alive now. He refused to say anything out loud though, knowing that it would probably upset Laurie more, what with how she had lost her parents.

They drove on in silence for a while, not saying a word. Laurie searched through the radio stations, but couldn't find anything, so decided to slide a Peter Gabriel CD into the jeep's CD player. They drove on in further silence, except for Laurie singing along to the occasional Peter Gabriel song that she knew.

Once the CD was done, Laurie replaced it with a Kenny G CD, and closed her eyes, and rested her head on the passenger side window. It wasn't an uncomfortable silence for the two of them, both knowing that the other needed time for their own thoughts. The long silence was finally broken by a loud gurgling noise. Daniel looked over at Laurie, and raised one eyebrow like Mr. Spock from Star Trek. "Your stomach seems to have a few words to say."

Laurie giggled nervously. "It gets this way when it's hungry."

"So I noticed," replied Daniel, only to be answered by Laurie's stomach again. He couldn't help but laugh at it, the sound reminding him of the growls of the dog Jerry Lee from the movie K-9.

"It's embarrassing! Don't laugh at me," whined Laurie, only to be answered by her own stomach.

"I think it's cute," laughed Daniel as Laurie's stomach gurgled again.

"It is not!"

Just then a sign appeared on the horizon, and as they neared, it stated that there was a rest area ten kilometers down the road.

Laurie's stomach rumbled again, apparently excited at the prospect of being fed soon. 

The ten klicks to the rest area didn't pass fast enough for Laurie and her empty stomach. Her face was beet red by the time they pulled off of Highway 17, but thankfully her stomach seemed to decide to settle down once they walked into the McDonalds restaurant. Murphy's Law worked against them though, causing Daniel and Laurie to pick the slowest moving line in the fast food restaurant.

"What would you like to eat?" Daniel asked.

"Your cum would be nice," replied Laurie in a whisper. 

"I don't think that's on the menu," replied Daniel, soto-voiced. "Later, maybe."

Laurie smiled, greedily. "Yummy. For now, I'll settle on a McChicken meal. How about yourself?"

Daniel was looking around the restaurant, and his gaze settled upon a woman with red hair, sitting by herself reading an old Dean R. Koontz book, Strangers. "Red," he breathed softly.

"I beg your pardon?" asked Laurie, and she followed his gaze. "Oh," she said simply. "I've always wanted to sleep with a red head," admitted Daniel, his throat suddenly very dry.

"I can get her for you," offered Laurie, her voice seductive.

"Can you?" asked Daniel, almost in disbelief.

Laurie kissed the side of his face. "Sure! Just get me my food, and I'll do the rest."

Daniel watched Laurie walk off towards Red. She struck up a conversation immediately, and Red put her book face down on the table. Daniel could not believe how easily Laurie had gotten the other woman's attention; it was amazing. He was so preoccupied with watching the two women talking that he did not hear the woman at the counter asking if she could take his order.

It took three times before Daniel heard the woman behind the counter. He turned back to look at her, and fumbled his way through his order. After getting his food, he walked over to the table where Laurie and Red sat. He sat at the next table, there being no more room at the two seat table Laurie and Red sat at. They got up a moment later and joined him, Laurie taking her food from the tray.

"Hi," Red said, offering him her hand. "My name is Amber. Laurie here tells me you've always wanted to fuck a red head."

Daniel couldn't help but smile like a kid in a candy shop. "She's right; I've wanted to do that for a very long time."

Red's smile equaled Daniel's own. "Well, you're in luck, I've always wanted to have a threesome!"

"So eat up," said Laurie with a smile of her own.

Daniel did as he was told.

After finishing their meals, Daniel and Laurie walked out of the restaurant with Amber. There was a pathway located behind the restaurant, leading off into the woods. They met a few people walking their dogs, but nobody else. Soon the pathway tapered off, but the continued into the woods, until they were sure to be far enough away from any prying eyes.

Almost immediately Laurie and Amber embraced one another, their hands exploring each other's body while they kissed deeply. Daniel watched in amazement as the two women sucked greedily on each other's tongues, and pressed their hands against one another's crotch.

Feeling his cock growing hard, Daniel walked up behind Amber, and moved in close to her, pressing his hardness against her ass. Amber responded almost at once, her free hand slipping behind her, to rub at Daniel's side. He thrust his hips lightly, pressing his cock harder against her ass. Meanwhile Laurie briefly pulled away from Amber, and tugged at her shirt, which hid her fairly large breasts. Once the shirt was removed, Laurie buried her face between her breasts, and Daniel helped her by undoing Amber's bra.

As Laurie sucked on one of her nipples, Daniel moved his hand around to the front of Amber, and began to undo her shorts. Laurie moved her hand, allowing Daniel to tug Amber's shorts and panties down her fit legs. He got down on his knees and began to kiss at Amber's ass while Laurie's hand quickly moved back between her legs. Amber moaned deeply, and began to tug at Laurie's own t-shirt.

Laurie allowed the shirt to be removed, but before Amber could begin to kiss her exposed breasts, both Laurie and Daniel tugged Amber to the soft, cool grass, and each began to suckle at her large breasts. Amber moaned loudly at the feeling of a mouth on each of her breasts at the same time. Her moan became even louder as Laurie slid a hand down to rub at her red-haired pussy a moment later.

After fingering it for several minutes, Laurie allowed Daniel to kiss his way down to the red haired pussy, something he had hungered for for years. Laurie stood up, slipped out of her shorts, and then sat on Amber's face, offering the woman her black-haired pussy. Amber's tongued immediately began to move against Laurie's clit. Amber had told Laurie that she was bi, but leaned more towards women than men, and Laurie was glad to see that the other women was an expert at eating pussy. 

Before long Daniel was also naked, and he eagerly pressing his hard cock into Amber's pussy. She moaned with delight around Laurie's pussy, and began to breathe heavily. Daniel fucked Amber slowly at first, and then began picking up speed until he was ramming her fast with his hard cock. Laurie began to grind her pussy against Amber's mouth, her hips gyrating madly. She began to moan loudly, and was soon cumming in Amber's mouth.

Laurie moved away from Amber's mouth, and rubbed at her pussy for a moment. She then scooted over behind Daniel, and pressed her body against his. She ran a hand up and down his back, and then began to lick her index finger. Next she pressed the finger against Daniel's asshole. When he moaned appreciatively, she slipped it into his asshole, and lightly began to finger it. Daniel moaned again, and fucked Amber harder until he came, screaming his passionate cries louder than he ever had before. Amber's screams of passion matched Daniel's as she came moments after he did

He collapsed on top of Amber, and she wrapped her arms around him, kissing his neck rapidly. She then clamped down on it with her mouth, and sucked hard, giving him a massive hickey. Daniel then pulled out of Amber, and lay down next to her, and they both breathed hard. Laurie quickly moved in between Amber's legs, and began to eat her pussy, returning the favour, and wanting to taste her and Daniel's combined juices.

Amber began to moan almost at once, Laurie sucking on her still overly sensitive clit. The red-head began to buck her hips against Laurie's face, and came a second time within minutes.

Satisfied with drinking all of their juices, Laurie moved up to Amber's other side, and kissed her passionately, allowing Amber a brief taste as well.

"How was your threesome?" asked Laurie softly.

"Wonderful," replied Amber enthusiastically. She glanced at Daniel. "And what was it like, fucking your very first red-head?"

"Better than I had ever thought it could be," admitted Daniel, who for once seemed happy that his wife had left him. This was turning out to be a rather interesting trip for him; rather interesting indeed.