 Amber, Laurie and Daniel all slowly dressed once they had recovered from the exertions of their threesome. Daniel was sad to see Ambers bright red bush be covered first by her panties, and then by her shorts, but he could still feel the wonderful after effects of her clamping pussy muscles. Laurie grabbed Amber by the front of the t-shirt, pulled her close, and kissed her deeply again.

"I really enjoyed that," Amber remarked with a wide smile.

"Oh, so did I," Laurie said with a deep sigh, and she then kissed Amber deeply again.

Daniel watched this, and felt his cock begin to stir again. He wondered what the chances were of them agreeing to another threesome. Before he could suggest it, both Laurie and Amber were back on the grass again, kissing madly, their hands exploring each other's body once again, acting as if it were the first time. They tugged savagely at each other's clothes, and Daniel began to move in to join them. He was stopped by Laurie, who no longer had any clothes on below her waist.

"No boys this time," she said, almost hissing it.

"You can watch," added Amber, who was down to just her panties. She tugged at Laurie's t-shirt, successfully getting it off of her.

Once they were both naked, the two girls moved into a sixty-nine, and began eating each other's pussy. Daniel moved around to see Laurie's face buried between Amber's thighs. He could see Amber's puckered asshole just above Laurie's head, and he felt his cock become rock hard again. He could imagine moving closer, and mounting Amber from behind, sliding his hard cock slowly into her tender asshole. Not being able to help himself, Daniel found himself unzipping his shorts, and pulling out his cock. He began to stroke it as he watched Laurie eat Amber, listening to the two women's muffled moans, their mouths occupied by another, more important, task.

Daniel used his thumb to rub in the precum on the tip of his cock. He closed his eyes in pleasure, and imagined that it was Laurie's tongue that was spreading the precum instead of his thumb. He opened his eyes to see Laurie's head leaning back, and her fingers frantically moving in and out of Amber's wet pussy. Laurie was screaming louder now, right up into the blue sky, while Amber once again demonstrated her spectacular pussy eating skills. Daniel began to rub his cock fast, trying his best to keep pace with Laurie's expert fingers.

A moment later Daniel heard Amber begin to scream as well, and both women stiffened as they both came. Daniel stroked harder still, and could feel his own orgasm approaching. He stopped though when Amber looked back at him, saw what he was doing, and told him to bring his hard cock to her mouth, and let her drink his cum.

Moving quickly, his hard cock bobbing absurdly in front of him, almost like a divining rod seeking out a deposit of water. Amber opened her mouth wide, waiting to accept Daniel's cock. He rammed it into her mouth, and began to fuck her face, only lasting a few moments before shooting his load into her mouth. A small trail of cum dribbled out of the corner of Amber's mouth, but everything else she gulped down quickly, not wishing to waste a drop. She then reached a hand up to wipe the stray cum into her mouth before finally releasing her hold on him. Daniel stood back a little, and sat back down on the ground, breathing hard.

"Wow," was all he was able to manage, and then watched as the two women disentangled themselves from each other, and slowly started dressing again.

Once they were dressed, and Daniel had done his shorts back up, the three companions began walking back to the parking lot of the rest area.

"Where are you two going to?" asked Amber, realizing that she had not asked them this simple question any earlier.

"Alberta," answered Daniel. "How about yourself?"

A wide smile broke across Amber's face. "I'm actually just returning from a trip to see my parents in Toronto. I'm driving back to Regina!"

"In other words, we're going in the same direction," said Daniel, a smile crossing his face as well, suddenly imagining the possibilities. They'd be going in the same direction the entire way to Regina. They could stay at the same hotels every night, and have more fun like they just had.

"Do you want to?" asked Laurie, her own thoughts mirroring those of Daniel's, and even Amber's.

"We'd be fools if we didn't," Amber replied, and playfully reached down and rubbed at Daniel's crotch. "Besides, I think somebody wants another taste of my red-haired pussy."

Daniel inhaled sharply. "Oh, most fucking definitely!"

"Where were you guys planning on staying the night at?" asked Amber.

Daniel shrugged. "Well, we had planned on getting further than we did today, but after what happened to us this morning, I doubt we'll get as far as we had hoped. We had wanted to reach Kenora tonight, at least."

Amber thought for a moment. "I think the first major town in between Thunder Bay and Kenora is Dryden. How does that sound to you two?"

"Like a hell of a drive," replied Laurie honestly. "If you're not in too much of a rush, why don't we just drive to Thunder Bay, and call it quits for the night?"

Amber thought for a moment. "I think I can manage it. And if not, well, then I'll just have to call work, and tell them I'll be back a day late!"

By then the three of them had reached the parking lot. They walked to Daniel's jeep Cherokee, and Amber looked at the license plate.

"905 KPV. That's fairly easy to remember," she says. "Just in case we get separated, that is."

"Mine's VIBR8R," Amber said. "Vibrator, get it?"

Laurie and Daniel both chuckled. "What are you driving?" asked Daniel.

"A 1972 black Mustang," Amber replied, with some pride. "Tell you what, why don't I go back to my car, and drive past you, and then you guys can follow me, just so I know you actually know what my car looks like. And then we'll all drive West on highway 17 to Thunder Bay."

"Sure thing," said Daniel, and he and Laurie watched as Amber walked back towards her car, her hips waving appealingly as she went.

"Nice ass," said Laurie softly. She looked at Daniel, and then smiled. "You'd like to fuck it, wouldn't you?"

"Yeah," said Daniel in agreement. "You liked fingering my ass didn't you?"

Laurie walked towards her side of the jeep, and looked over at Daniel as he approached his side. "Very much so. You liked having my finger in it, didn't you?"

Daniel was quiet for a moment. He climbed into the jeep, thinking over the question. He had never considered being a homosexual, or even bi, but yet her finger in his ass had almost driven him crazy with lust, and he couldn't explain it one bit. Finally he looked over at Laurie, and nodded his head, admitting to her, and himself, the truth. "It felt wild."

Laurie smiled softly. "There's nothing to be concerned about, Daniel. The male G-spot is located in his ass. That's why it felt good to you, and that's all. You haven't suddenly discovered that you'd rather be with guys than girls. You've just discovered that once in a while you might enjoy a finger inside your ass."

Just then, Amber's Mustang pulled in front of them, and she honked her horn. Daniel started up the jeep, and pulled out of the parking space, following Amber's car towards the rest stop's exit, leading back onto highway 17. Both he and Laurie had to admire Amber's car, it was perfect. There was not a scratch on it, no rust, or even a dent. The paint was not a dull black, instead it shined as brightly as the colour black could, making Daniel think that Amber must have just waxed the car that very day. Daniel doubted if Amber's front grille would even show a sign of one splattered bug.

"Think she has any toys?" asked Laurie suddenly.

Daniel thought about it. "I don't know. Why would she take them with her to go and visit her parents?"

"Well, a woman needs to be prepared," Laurie said deviously. "Had I owned any, I would have brought them back home with me. I wonder if she has a strap-on, that could be quite fun."

Daniel glanced over at Laurie. "Just as long as you don't use it on me," he said, a tone of trepidation in his voice.

"You'd love it, hon," Laurie said evilly.

"You're the devil; you are aware of this, aren't you?" asked Daniel, only to have Laurie reply with an evil laugh. "What am I going to do with you?"

"Anything you want to," Laurie replied, and squeezed Daniel's leg.

Hours later, they arrived in Thunder Bay, and followed Amber to a Best Western hotel. They parked side by side in the parking lot, and got out a moment later.

"I was thinking that maybe we should try to get two rooms side by side," said Daniel as he slipped a hand around Laurie's waist. "You know the ones that have a door leading into the next room?"

Laurie shook her head. "I was thinking just one room, with two beds."

Amber smiled at Laurie. "I was thinking the very same thing! It'd be a lot better if we had just one room for the three of us. Daniel, just think of the fun we could have if we were sleeping in the same room. You could wake up in the middle of the night, and join me in bed, waking me up in a very creative manner."

Laurie slipped her hand down, and clutched at Daniel's crotch lightly. "I bet somebody in particular would love to have a red haired pussy close by, just waiting to be fucked by you."

Daniel had to admit to himself that the prospect did sound good, so he readily agreed to it. He then walked into the hotel lobby, followed by the two women, each holding the other's hand. When Daniel stopped at the counter, they each walked up behind Daniel, pressed their bodies into him, and placed their heads on his shoulders.

"Hi," said Daniel, feeling his cock immediately spring to life as two pairs of breasts were pressed against his back. "We were looking for a double bed room for the night."

The male clerk looked at Daniel, and the two women. He immediately felt envious of Daniel, almost certain in his mind that he'd be fucking the two of them that night. His cheeks reddened as the one who looked to be a Native Canadian ran her tongue along her lips provocatively. The red head winked at him before she too ran her tongue across her lips. Wanna fuck? She mouthed to him. The clerk's face immediately turned beet red, and both Laurie and Amber pulled away from Daniel's back, and began to laugh hysterically.

The clerk fumbled through the computer, finding a room for them. He tried to hand Daniel the room key, but his hand was shaking so much from embarrassment that he dropped it on the floor. This caused both Amber and Laurie to laugh harder still.

"Ignore them," Daniel said with a grin. "I think they're both crazy, but unfortunately I can't prove it just yet."

The desk clerk looked even more flustered at Daniel. He tried to smile, and instead looked like an audience member at a stand-up comic routine who has made the poor decision to sit right at the front of the stage. He truly did not know what to say to Daniel, or the two laughing women. He anxiously racked his brain trying to find something, anything to say, and finally managed to squeak out, "Check-out is at 11:30 tomorrow morning."

"Thanks," said Daniel. "I'm sure you'll be anxious to get rid of these two whackos."

"That's it," managed Laurie between laughs, "You, sir, are sleeping alone tonight!"

"We'll see about that," replied Daniel as he and his two companions walked off to find their room.

Daniel looked out the window of the hotel room, and spotted Amber and Laurie swimming in the hotel's swimming pool. The pool was closed, but the hotel did allow patrons to swim as long as they signed a release form stating that they would not hold the hotel responsible if there was an accident while they swam without the supervision of a life guard. At the present moment in time, it was only Laurie and Amber who were in the pool. Laurie was busy swimming laps, while Amber simply swam around the pool, enjoying the feel of the warm water on her skin, and through her bathing suit. Once in a while the two women would meet up somewhere in the pool, and kiss for a few minutes before resuming their swim. Eventually Daniel saw Laurie get out of the pool, leaving Amber to swim alone.

He frowned slightly. He had just been planning on going down and joining the two women in the pool, and now he was not sure how Laurie would react to his swimming with Amber alone. He doubted that she would be jealous, since she was the one who had offered to approach the redhead for Daniel. He finally decided to leave a brief note on the table, and rush down to the pool before Laurie made it back to their room; then he could at least claim that he did not know she had gotten out of the pool until he arrived there.

Sprinting down the hall, away from the way he assumed Laurie would be coming back to the room from, Daniel made it to the staircase before hearing Laurie's approach. He went down to the first floor, and then walked across the concrete to the fence which was surrounding the pool. He went through the opening in the gate, and walked over to the side of the pool, only after closing the open gate behind him.

"Hi," Amber said, spying his approach. Daniel returned her greeting, and then sat on the edge of the swimming pool, his feet slipping into the water.

"It's nice and warm," Daniel said, and then slipped fully into the pool.

Amber swam up beside him, and stod up. She kissed him lightly on the lips. Her eyes shone with what looked like a devilish thought, and she smiled as she said to him, "Have you ever had sex in a pool before?"

"No," replied Daniel honestly. "I've wanted to, but the opportunity has never presented itself."

"Well, you're swimming with a horny female who needs a cock inside of her right now. The opportunity is here!"

Daniel looked at Amber. "H-here?"he stammered.

"Yes, here," she replied, and then took a deep breath and slipped under water. She beat at Daniel's waist like a dolphin would, and made him back up against the side of the pool. She next pulled down his shorts, and immediately began to stroke his semi-hard cock to full erectness. Once he was hard, she briefly slipped her mouth over his cock, bobbing her head under water until she had to come back up for air. She quickly submerged again, and took Daniel's cock in her mouth again.

Daniel lay his head back, and moaned softly as he felt Amber's mouth engulf his cock. The feeling of both her mouth, and the pool's water moving against his cock made him feel weak at the knees. Amber came up a second time for air before returning to her underwater ministrations to Daniel's cock.

When she came up for air a third time, Daniel pulled her to him, and kissed her deeply once she had inhaled deeply. She exhaled and inhaled through her nose while their mouths were passionately joined together. Amber slipped one strap of her one piece bathing suit off her left shoulder, and tugged down that side of her swim suit. Daniel moved his mouth to her breast, and began to flick his tongue around her hard nipple before beginning to suckle on her large breast.

Amber moaned with pleasure. "Oh, yes, baby...suckle on mommy's breast," she moaned softly, one hand pulling at Daniel's still dry hair, while her other hand slipped down between her legs to rub at her pussy, which was beginning to feel warmer than the water she was currently submerged in.

Daniel suckled on Amber's breast for what seemed like hours to him before she allowed him to pull his mouth away from her breast. By now, Amber had slipped the bottom of her swimming suit to the side of her mound, and her fingers were rubbing frantically at her clit.

"Does baby want to fuck mommy?"asked Amber huskily, and before allowing Daniel to reply, she switched places with him, so that she was now braced up against the wall of the pool. "Ohh...mommy wants baby's cock in her so badly."

Excited by Amber's comments, Daniel found his cock aching as it stood harder than firmer than he ever remembered it being. He Grabbed onto Amber's ass, and she moved up a little, easily wrapping her legs around Daniel's ass,and pulling her roughly in towards her. Daniel hissed in pain as he missed Amber's pussy entirely, instead having his cock slam against the inside of her hip. Amber hardly seemed to notice, and the second time he managed to slip inside of her, bringing a small amount of poolwater inside her hot pussy as well.

Amber wrapped her arms around Daniel's neck, and began to thrust her hips towards his hard cock. She moaned softly, repeatedly telling Daniel how much of a bad baby he happened to be for fucking her in a public pool. Daniel acknowledged this with a grunt, and fucked her harder.

It didn't take Amber long to feel her orgasm swelling. She moaned louder, forgetting where she was, and began to scream as she came. Daniel, feeling her pussy tightening around his hard cock, grunted with pleasure, but found that he was not exactly ready to cum yet. Amber lay limp in his arms as he continued to plow into her, but she quickly began to liven up again, and was nearing her second orgasm when Daniel finally felt the desire to spew his seed deep within her tight, welcoming pussy.

"Such a bad baby," Amber moaned loudly, and came a second time, just moments after Daniel's own first orgasm.

She let go of the grip her legs had around his waist, and Daniel removed his hands from Amber's ass. A moment later, Amber unlocked her hands from around Daniel's neck, and kissed him deeply. She quickly rearranged her swimming suit again, and then looked around. There seemed to be a few faces at the windows, looking out at them. The bulk of the faces she could make out with her perfect twenty/twenty vision were older business men, but there was a certain room on the second floor, which looked down upon the swimming pool that she focused on. She saw Laurie looking down at them intently, and there was an expression on her face, one which Amber was well aware of: intense passion. Laurie was standing in their hotel room, fingering herself, her juices more than likely slipping down the insides of her thighs.

"Where the fuck are my shorts?"mumbled Daniel, and Amber giggled. He looked around, and finally saw the shorts drifting towards the deep end of the pool. She quickly swam after them, retrieving them for her latest male lover. Daniel thanked them, and slipped them back on.

"Let's go back to the room," said Amber climbing out of the pool. "You are done here now, aren't you?"

Daniel looked at her and smiled. He climbed out of the pool also, and nodded his head. "Yeah. I got my exercise," he said with a grin.

Amber held out her hand to Daniel, and he took it firmly in her own. With her free hand, she wrapped herself in a towel, as she shivvered at the feeling of the cool night air giving her body a slight chill. Her softening nipples became hard again, and Daniel leaned down to suck on them, sucking the water out of the area surrounding the nipple as it pressed against the fabric, anxious to be released.

"Oh, baby," moaned Amber softly. "Wait until we're back in our room before suckling at mommy's breasts again."

At the mention of the word mommy, Daniel felt his cock grow hard once more. Amber made it seem like sucking on her breast was a naughty thing to do, by calling him her baby, and herself his mommy, and it seemed to excite him to no end.

Amber pushed Daniel's mouth away, and they walked from the swimming pool, making sure that the gate was locked behind them. They walked back to their second floor hotel room with a gait that resembled a person unsure if they could make it to the washroom before making a mess in their pants. In fact, they did not even make it to the room. They did not even make it to the staircase leading upstairs. Daniel spied a little crook in the wall just underneath the staircase, and he steered Amber towards it.
