 Laurie sat her desk in the empty classroom attempting to get up the nerve to go through with it. 

Her online friend had dared her to do something naughty in her empty classroom. He wanted her to prove to him that she really was a daring, sexy lady. 

The thoughts of what he had dared her to do had been going through her mind all week. As she sat at her podium, or behind her desk, she had to keep crossing and uncrossing her legs. As she attempted to teach the lesson, she would look around the room and imagine herself doing the dare. Each day on the way home from work she was fingering herself. By the time she had pulled into her driveway, she barely had time to shift the car into park before experiencing a powerful orgasm. 

This morning, she had convinced herself that she would go through with it. It was a simple dare actually. She was to wear a short skirt that would still be acceptable for a teacher. Panties were not allowed of course. She was allowed to wear hose, but they had to be thigh-highs. 

All she had to do was wait until her room was empty, lock the door, and do the dare. It would only take a minute. 

So that morning she had done what he asked her and wore the appropriate clothing. She couldn't get it out of her mind all day long. Her pussy was steaming! 

"Just get up and do it, Laurie!" she whispered to herself. She pushed herself back in her chair and stood up. She checked the door again to make sure it was locked. Then, she pulled out the digital camera and set it on her desk, focused toward the back of the classroom. She set the timer and ran to get into position. 

Laurie carefully stood up in the seat of a desk in the backrow and pulled her skirt all the way up, baring her ass. 

"How long is that timer?" she panicked, standing up with her ass bared. Finally, after what seemed like minutes, the flash went off. She quickly jumped down to see if it worked. It did. It was a perfectly centered photo of her exposing her ass in her classroom. 

"Well, that wasn't so bad," she thought to herself, so she set up another shot. 

For this shot, she opened her shirt and pulled her bra quickly off. She positioned herself in a desk with her legs spread wide and her shirt pulled open. It was a clear display of pussy and breasts. She was so turned on. 

After the flash, she quickly set up a third shot. "This will show him!" she said to herself. "If he doesn't think I'm really daring after this, he never will." 

Laurie went to the middle of the room and stripped completely naked. She took four fast photos, her heart pounding so hard in her chest the whole time. The first shot was of her standing naked in the middle of the aisle of desks. Shot number two had her stretched across the top of two desks, leg spread wide open. The third shot was in the same position, except that this time she had two fingers buried deep inside of her pussy. For the final shot, she stood at her closed doorway, casually posed with her hand on the doorknob as if to open it and walk naked into the hallway. 

"Enough!" she thought and quickly dressed. She wanted to finger herself to orgasm right then, but feared that anyone entering the room would smell her arousal. The fact that she didn't have any panties on sure didn't help the situation at all. 

Luckily, she didn't have any more classes that afternoon. She waited patiently for the final hour to tick by so that she could go home and take care of her needs. 

She was barely out of the parking lot before she had her fingers working rapidly at her clit. She quickly drove home, her hand alternating from her dripping pussy to pinching and tugging at her sensitive nipples. 

Laurie turned the corner and headed to her house ready to quickly pull into her driveway, slam the car into park, and give herself the orgasm she needed so badly. As he pulled closer to her house however, she saw that the boys she had hired to cut her lawn were busy at their job. They were graduates she had taught three years earlier, home on spring break from the university. 

"Oh no, Laurie," she said to herself. "Don't even think about it, girl." They gave her a wave as she pulled into the driveway. She waved back at them as she stopped the car. 

"Mmmmm, they look delicious," she moaned as she licked her lips. The two guys were perfect examples of the male form. Neither of them was wearing a shirt, and their chests glistened with their sweat. They were wearing the ridiculously long shorts of their generation, but it did little to hide their package in the front and their tight asses in the back. 

"I do believe that I'm about to get nasty," Laurie whispered to herself. She stepped out of the car, making sure to show as much of her legs as she could. The guys stopped dead in their tracks as they easily saw her bare, white thighs against the black thigh high hose she was wearing. 

She gave them a smile and then walked down the driveway to get the mail. On the way back, she made sure to drop an envelope. She bent over to pick it up, making sure to lock her knees so that her skirt rode up. If she had on a shorter skirt, they would have seen pussy, but alas, she had to be respectable. 

The guys clearly were aroused. She could see the bulges in their shorts. Jim unconsciously reached down to adjust himself, easing the restrictions holding his cock in place. 

"Mmmm hmmmm," Laurie whispered again. She motioned to the guys to come over to her as she leaned back against her car. She licked her lips again as they approached her. 

"Hey, Miss. B," they both said as the came near her. 

"Hi guys," she responded. "The yard looks great. You guys almost done?" 

"Yeah," Brian said. "We should be done in about ten more minutes." 

"Good," she told them, "because I need to be fucked and I think you're both up for the job." 

They both stood there staring at her with shocked looks on their faces. Did they just hear correctly? Did she really just say that? 

She laughed and said, "Look, I don't think you two guys will run around telling everyone. I have needs, boys. I need to be fucked and fucked so hard that I scream. It's that simple. I need it and I need it right now. So you guys finish the yard and then meet me on the back porch." 

"Damn!" Jim said. "Are you fucking serious?" 

"I'm damn serious about fucking," she told them. "Now finish up the yard. 

The yard was done in record time that day. The guys came through the gate and around the corner to the back patio, both of them sporting enormous erections. 

"Oh damnnnnn," Brian said as he saw what awaited them. 

Laurie was completely naked, except for her black thigh high hose. She was lying back on a lounge chair with her legs spread wide. She had her feet on the chair and her knees raised up. Her pussy was clearly on display, lips engorged with desire, moisture glistening where they were about to slide their cocks. 

Laurie had her hands resting behind her head, which only put her breasts on better display. 

"Get naked!" she ordered as the guys approached her. She lay there licking her lips, her eyes widening as their hard cocks came into view. "Just perfect," she said. "Those two hard things are going to do just fine." 

Always the teacher, Laurie issued instructions. "I'm going to get up on my knees Jim, and since I've known you the longest you get to fuck my pussy first. Brian, you come over here so I can suck your cock. But don't worry because you'll both get some of each before we're done here." 

Laurie turned around and put her butt up into the air, her pussy ready and willing to take a cock. Jim stepped up behind her, his hard cock bouncing in the air as he approached her. She felt the head of his cock as it bumped her thighs. She moved her hips around until he was where she needed him to be. 

"Push it in me. I need that cock. Push it in now," she commanded. Jim leaned forward with his hips and thrust his cock deep into her pussy. She was so wet and aroused that he slid so deep that it took her breath away. 

"Unnnhhhh!" she exhaled. "So damn good. Ohhhhhhhh!" 

Brian had been watching this whole episode, absent-mindedly stroking his cock. Laurie looked over at him and said, "Come over here and put that thing in my mouth." 

Brian pushed his cock to her and her hot, wet lips wrapped around it and sucked him in. 

Two cocks. Two hard cocks. She was taking two hard cocks at the same time. One was slamming into her pussy and she had the other one sliding in and out of her mouth. She couldn't believe how bold and nasty she was being. 

As if in a dream, she imagined what it looked like. She could almost see herself getting fucked by these two hunks. She wished she had set up a video camera because the picture in her head was so damn erotic. 

Laurie was on her hands and knees with a young stud fucking her pussy doggie-style while another young stud was fucking her mouth. She was so close to cumming. She knew it wouldn't last much longer. 

Without any warning she felt Jim shooting his sperm in her pussy. As the first jets of hot jism splashed her insides, she came herself. "Unnnnnnnhhhhh!" she moaned loudly around the cock that was in her mouth. She pushed Brian away as the spasms rippled through her body. 

Jim was pounding at her pussy, slamming as hard as he could while her pussy milked the last drops of his cum from his cock. She was gasping for air, breathing in deeply as he finally pulled free from her pussy. 

"Fuck me, Brian!" she huskily demanded. "Get over here and slam me with it." 

Jim stumbled backward as Brian hurried over and lined himself up. He slid inside of her steaming pussy and immediately began thrusting in and out. Having just had his cock sucked while watching her getting fucked by his buddy, Brian was on the verge of cumming. He grabbed her roughly by the hips and began driving his cock into her with reckless abandon. 

"So....good! So....damn.....good!" Laurie was panting between his strokes. "Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me!" 

Laurie started cumming again as Brian slammed into her. The contractions of her pussy were all that Brian needed. He moaned loudly and pushed forward hard against her as he came. She lost her balance and fell forward onto her chest. He rode her down, thrusting hard three more times before collapsing onto her back. 

After a moment, Brian pulled out of her and stepped back. Laurie weakly rolled over onto her back, her breath coming in short gasps. 

"That was just what I needed," she told them with a smile. 

Jim, fully recovered now, was stroking his hard cock and standing off to the side. He gave her a shy smile and walked over to her side. She looked up at his huge cock hanging down toward her face. She gave him a smile and said, "Okay, I know what you want." She sat up and took his cock in her mouth. She sucked and licked and slurped it. She held his balls in one hand and his ass with the other. It wasn't too long before she felt his balls tighten up and she knew he was about to cum. 

She pulled him out of her mouth just long enough to say, "Cum all over me. I want you to cum all over my tits and pussy." 

She sucked him back in and using her lips, mouth and hands had him cumming quickly. 

Jim pulled out of her mouth and began stroking himself rapidly. She stared in amazment and wonder as his cock suddenly exploded, spitting hot cum onto her chest. One strand landed on her left breast and started oozing downward. She lay back quickly so that his next two spurts shot onto her pussy and thighs. 

"Mmmmm" she moaned as her fingers swirled the cum around. She rubbed it all over her nipple and pussy lips, her fingers growing slick. She took the jism that landed on her thighs and worked it into her hosiery. 

"Mmmm," she moaned again. "I hope this stains my hose," she thought to herself. "I'll only wear them again on special occasions." 

Finally, she stood up. She stretched her whole body. 

"Guys, that was a very good fucking. I appreciate it." She told them with a satisfied smile. 

"Anything for you, Miss B." Jim told her. "We're here to please." 

Laurie thanked them and went inside. She still had some pictures to send, and one hell of a story to tell.