 Laurie and I talked by phone most every day from the time I dropped her at Dulles until I was ready to leave for London to fuck her some more. The evening before departing, Laurie called me and I could immediately tell something was wrong—she had to travel to Tel Aviv on business, and had to leave the next day—this meant that we would have to delay our reunion. After a few moments of idle chat, Laurie asked,

"Can you meet me in London and come to Tel Aviv with me?"

"Umm, sure, I said—how do we do this?"

"Let my travel agent take care of it all. I will meet you at Heathrow and we will take it from there." 

"OK" I said. "Wear clothes that you can get out of easily. I'll see you tomorrow!"

The flights from Cleveland to New York and from JFK to London were uneventful. I slept a good deal, knowing that I wouldn't be sleeping much the following night. Though I was distracted by my own thoughts of Laurie's cunt, I was further distracted by a couple of great looking stewardesses. After dinner, the lights went off, movies came on, and after realizing that all the movies were either boring or stupid, I went for a walk. 

The galleys on 747s are large by airline standards, and are closed off from the aisles by curtains. I really wanted a cup of coffee and some dessert, so before going back to my seat, I stopped by one of the galleys hoping to satisfy my sweet tooth. What I got instead was some unexpected eye candy!

A dark haired stewardess was bent over a counter and a steward was bent over her. 

The first thing I heard was him saying to her, "I knew you would like it in the ass."

Then he began to bang her. With each thrust he would then almost withdraw, only to fuck her deeper and harder. Her asshole was nicely puckered and I could see some gleaming wet cum running out of her cunt and down her legs. Her panties were in a scattered pile with her pantyhose, but she had slipped her heals back on. Her skirt was wrapped around her waist. She was remarkably quiet for someone getting the reaming of her life, but the pitch of her moans were getting higher and higher, almost to the point of silence. He suddenly stopped thrusting and began to grind against her, and now up on the balls of his feet, he furiously came inside her. 

Not stopping to rest, he slowly backed away, and I heard a "pop" as his soaking cock came out of her ass. She pushed her hair away from her eyes while turning around and she hopped up onto the counter and spread her legs wide. He kneeled down and began to eat her sopping cunt, and elicited an immediate body rattling orgasm from her.

At that I took leave and headed for a bathroom and masturbated, cumming quickly with the thoughts of what I had just seen and what Laurie and I would soon be doing racing through my horny mind. I came all over my hand and instead of wiping it off I licked it off and swallowed every drop. I left the bathroom with my hand smelling like my own cum and a half erection. 

Walking by the galley on the way back to my seat, there was the stewardess who I had watched getting reamed a few minutes before. She was handing coffee to a few passengers, with everything back in place except her hair that was slightly messed. I got to the end of the coffee line, and by the time I got to the front had decided to have some fun. 

When she turned around with my cup of coffee I asked "So, did he fuck your pussy or did you get enough with his cock in your ass and then his tongue in your pussy?"

She blushed a deep red and said "I'm still horny as hell. Are you up to a quickie?"

She knew the answer and took me by the hand to a larger restroom in the business class section of the plane. I noticed from her ID that her name was Kim and I saw from getting a good look at her face that she had very full and sensuous lips. Taking full advantage of the pouting lower one, I sucked it between my teeth and flicked it with my tongue while she backed against the counter. I reached under her skirt and found that Kim was still missing panty hose and panties—my fingers sunk into her very wet, hot cunt.

Kim boosted her recently fucked ass onto the counter, spread her legs and invited me in. I needed no further encouragement, and merely unzipped by pants and slid my throbbing cock into her. We fucked like mad, and Kim came and came again for several minutes until I could no longer hold it in. I drained my balls into her sloppy, soaking, loose, hot cunt just as the seatbelt light went on. While we quickly composed ourselves, I reached into Kim's blouse and roughly pinched her nipples, hopefully leaving a bruise to remember me by—then she went back to work, and I went back to my seat. 

As the plane began its slow descent into Heathrow, my cock made a hard assent up to my seatbelt knowing that it would soon have Laurie as a willing and able target.

Take Off: G-Spot In The Sky

My lover Laurie and I met up in the terminal and shared a long, deep kiss in public. Yes, this was to be quite a business trip, and we were determined to begin our journey by joining and rejoining the Mile High Club several times that very night.

Laurie had planned our up in the air liaison with care and in great detail. She wore a long light denim cotton dress that she had tailored with zipper slits up its sides. She wore her usual silk lace thong underneath, but no bra. Upon boarding the plane, we both asked for blankets and pillows. We had purchased 3 seats for the 2 of us so that we had a private row.

While the flight crew and other passengers prepared for take off, Laurie and I were preparing for Jill off. That is, we had plans for me to masturbate her during take off.

We pulled the armrests between the seats up. Now we had one wide seat. I belted myself in the seat next to the window and she in the center seat. Our legs were under the blankets, and as the plane pulled away from the gate, I unzipped the left side of Laurie's dress and she draped her left leg over my right. 

The lights were drawn low for takeoff and we kissed long, deep, soulfully as the plane rolled onto the runway. My fingers were rolling Laurie's pert nipples, pinching them hard to heighten her coming sensations. Now the plane was in position to take off and as it sped down the runway, I moved the back of her thong out of the way and slid my fingers past her asshole and into her steaming wet sloppy pussy from behind. As usual, just the thought of sex, in any form, made my lover flow. From this angle, assisted by the upward pointing of the plane, I was able to go right for her g-spot. 

Laurie's g-spot is classic. It is the easiest to find that I've experienced, and responds to rough rubbing and pressure. As I pushed on it with my index and middle fingers, I reached around and placed my other hand on the flatness of her tummy so I could sandwich her g-spot between the fingers on her inside and my hand on her outside. All of this was happening while I muffled her moans, cries and screams with my lips on hers and my tongue filling her mouth.

In the glare of the soft lights, I could see that, as is our way, Laurie's eyes were open while we loved each other. And with each orgasm, her legs pushed against the floor and squeezed my hand hard. For a time I paused to tease my sexy lover, telling her not to expect much sleep on this flight. While Laurie squirmed around my fingers inside her, literally humping my hand, I took her nearest diamond studded ear lobe into my mouth. And, I whispered my plans to her. 

"Babe, by the time this flight is over, I'm going to cum inside each and every fuck hole in your body". 

And with these words, Laurie came so hard that she soaked my wrist and entire hand with her sweet juices. What I didn't tell her was that although my cock was the only one she would have in her pussy, others would be involved in our mile high antics all night, and she was, in reality, an air born sex slave.

Down Laurie's Throat

As the plane began to level off seven miles over the Atlantic, Laurie snuggled close to me, unzipped my pants and slid her head under the blankets. I was pushed against the plane's window, and she was all over me. No one sucks cock like Laurie. She must have been pretty hard on her mother's nipples, or torn up dozens of feeding nipples, because she licks, sucks and plays with my cock as if it were a cherished ice cream cone. She deep throats on her first thrust down, and loves to have her beautiful face fucked while I hold her head from its back. 

Just as my lover had lost her self in satisfying me, a sweet dark haired attorney in her mid-twenties slid into our aisle seat and covered herself with our blanket. "Rachel" had approached me in the departure lounge, asking if I was traveling alone. I told Rachel about Laurie and what we were planning. 

She asked, "How can I help?"

Rachel helped by slithering to the floor under the blanket and attaching her sexy tongue and teeth to Laurie's clit. I knew that Rachel was in position because I heard and felt Laurie gasp with my cock in her mouth. Laurie picked up speed as Rachel ate her out, and I could feel the moans and groans around my cock. I was on the cusp of cumming when I peered under the blanket and saw the faces of two incredibly gorgeous women in full oral sex stride. I could tell by Laurie's look that she was as close to cumming as me, and her look shot me over the top. While I was pumping the mouth I love full of cum, Rachel had sent Laurie so far over the top that I was afraid that screaming would be heard from under our blankets. Laurie's mouth turned cold as her blood rushed to her pussy, and this varying temperature caused my cock to spasm and release a final shot of cum.

Laurie came up from her hiding place a bit disheveled but sexy as all hell. Her face was the kind of red that comes from cold wind and over the top orgasms. Our faces met for what I thought would be a tender kiss, but Laurie let a dollop of my cum slide off her tongue into my waiting mouth...nothing like a "snowball" from a hot lover. 

Rachel smelled like Laurie's pussy, a scent that makes me hard every time. Having that scent on a woman as beautiful as Rachel sent a bolt of lightening to my cock, raising it to full mast. Rachel knew the effect it was having on me and had no intention of washing.

Drinks and dinner were about to be served, and there I sat between two sex-charged women who love to play and love to fuck. While I ate I contemplated how to fuck only one and still satisfy the other.