 Author's note: 'Laurie's Milk' is written linearly, and continually references previous chapters in character thought and dialogue. This happens in Chapter 4 especially, as the plot is heavily influenced by the events in the previous chapter between Laurie and Danny, having occurred two weeks before Danny meets Laurie in the coffee shop below. It isn't necessary to read the previous chapters to understand the next, however it will give proper context. 

***** 

Laurie fidgeted in her seat, pulling at the sugar packet between her fingers. She was sitting at an outside table at her favourite café waiting for Danny. Angus slept in his pram next to the table, while an empty coffee cup sat between her elbows. 

"Where is that girl?" she thought. 

"Laurie!" called a voice from behind. 

Laurie turned to see Danny waving as she walked up the sidewalk towards her. She was dressed for the warm spring weather they were experiencing in an off the shoulder maxi dress and sandals. She walked up to Laurie and hugged her where she sat, before dropping herself into the seat opposite her. 

She looked into Angus's sleeping form in the pram and smiled, making cooing noises and wiggling his tiny toes, before returning her attention to her friend. 

"Sorry I'm late. Work is a bit mental," Danny said. "One of my bartenders quit on me this morning. The prick demanded to work nothing but night shifts, so I've spent my morning scrambling to redo the roster while everybody bitches and moans about who gets preferential treatment and all that bullshit. That's exactly what I want to hear when I have to go in on my day off to fix shit so the place doesn't fall down around them all. It's exhausting." She exhaled, and picked up the menu. "So what looks good?" 

She perused the menu a while before the waiter came to take their order, Danny getting a Chicken Cesar Salad while Laurie ordered more coffee. The waiter left and Danny looked at Laurie curiously. 

"Don't you have to watch your caffeine while you're breastfeeding?" she asked. 

Danny shrugged. "A couple of coffees aren't going to hurt anybody." 

Danny smirked. She then proceeded to unload on Laurie about the various employees at the bar she co-owned, and for the millionth time wondered aloud if it time for her to become a silent partner and go back and study or something. 

Danny's lunch came out with Laurie's coffee. Danny got stuck into consuming her salad while Laurie only played with her new cup, turning it on the saucer between her fingers. Danny looked up from her meal, and realised the whole time she had been speaking, Laurie had looked tired and drawn. And honestly, a bit worried. 

She stopped chewing and swallowed. "Laurie, is something up?" she asked. 

Laurie sighed, looking into her cup. "I'm just... I need to tell Steve what we've done Danny." 

Two weeks ago, Laurie and Danny had spent a night out on the town together that that resulted in the first lesbian experience of Laurie's life. They drunkenly hooked up in their room's hot tub, and again that same night while still feeling aroused, and a bit drunk, from the first time. Both of those times Danny nursed from Laurie, which at the time was out of necessity to stop Laurie's discomfort, and both girls had undeniably enjoyed the experience. 

They had promised to work out what they would tell Laurie's husband Steve and Danny's boyfriend Alex, also Steve's best friend, in the morning after their tryst, but the next day involved shopping, getting pampered and, in the heat of excitement at this new facet of their friendship, a lot more kissing and nursing. By the time they parted company they had not once discussed it. 

Laurie had still intended to bite the bullet and tell Steve the moment he came home from his boy's trip camping with Alex. But the moment he came home, Steve's phone rang. 

He had been working on a novel since they had had Angus, and the literary agent he sent his manuscript to was calling Steve to say his work was being optioned by an important publishing house in the city. He had been too happy after taking the call for Laurie to drop that bomb on him, and every day since, he had been busy working at his day job, or on the phone or computer, or driving into the city for meetings, trying to sort out his book deal. There was just never a good time to pin him down and deliver the news. 

Since that weekend, Laurie and Danny had also conspired to meet up twice to engage in ANR. The first time they met at Danny's club. Danny had simply walked Laurie to the green room they used to house the live bands that played there some nights when they weren't onstage. Danny had sat Laurie down, lay across her lap and drained one breast, then the other. 

The second time was potentially riskier as it happened in Laurie and Steve's home, while Steve was downstairs with Angus. It had started out as a nursing session, same as before, but both of them got a bit too handsy, a bit too horny, and the session ended with Danny eating Laurie out. With the resulting orgasm came a wave of guilt for Laurie, for while she had partially blamed the alcohol for their antics at the hotel room, nursing Danny now was something she had only planned to do for cathartic purposes. The last time, it truly felt like she had cheated on Steve. 

Danny looked at Laurie thoughtfully. "Well, okay, why haven't you told him?" she asked. 

Guilt wasn't the only thing holding her back from telling Steve. 

"Because, what I have to tell him involves you Dan," she said quickly. "You're dating Steve's best friend. I mean, me telling Steve, it really could ruin both of our relationships." 

Danny stared at Laurie, looking at though the thought of that reality had not occurred to her until right this moment. 

"Well, I mean, Alex knows that I like girls" said Danny slowly, processing Laurie's words. 

"Have you done anything with a girl since you've been with Alex that he wasn't there for?" Laurie asked. "Would it be any easier for you to tell Alex about this than it would be for me to tell my husband?" 

Danny looked into her half eaten plate, suddenly not hungry. 

"No, I suppose not," she answered finally. She sighed. "Okay, what are we going to do?" 

Laurie looked at Danny with pleading eyes. "I want to tell Steve about us, about what we've been doing. And...I...I was hoping I could convince you to tell Alex too." 

Danny looked at Laurie unreadably. Her face then split into a massive grin, and Danny started to laugh at Laurie. 

Laurie looked at her in surprise. "What? What is so funny?" 

Danny fought herself down to a chuckle to get the words out. "I'm sorry Laur, but really, did you think you were going to have to bargain me down to get me to agree?" Laurie still looked blank, so Danny leaned across the table and took hold of Laurie's hand. "Laurie, we might've only met because our partners are besties. But despite anything else, including what we've been up to behind their backs, I think of you as one of my best friends, and I love you, you silly woman. If telling the boys is what you need for some peace of mind then, okay, let's tell them. Together." 

Relief flooded through Laurie. "Thank you Dan" she trembled. 

"It's alright hon. Though, I'm not sure what I'm going to say exactly. I don't think it'll be easy," Danny replied, furrowing her eyebrows thinking. "Should we do it tonight?" 

Laurie nodded. "I want to get it off my shoulders, if that's okay." 

"Fine with me hon," agreed Danny. She looked at her watch. "Sorry, but I've got to get going to sort more shit out. But I promise me and Alex will have a good long talk tonight, okay?" 

Danny reached for the bill, but Laurie stopped her. 

"Don't worry about it, I'll get it" she said. 

Danny looked at her with an eyebrow raised. "Oh, you're Miss Moneybags now?" 

"Steve's been writing his novel while he's been looking after Angus. He sent a manuscript to an agent, and they threw it to a publisher who optioned it. He's editing some parts they've sent notes about, but the advance cheque has already come and cleared, so why not, my treat." 

"Huh. I mean that's good and all, but shouldn't he be actually watching Angus when he's watching him?" 

"Well...babies sleep a lot" Laurie said sheepishly. 

... 

Laurie left the café that afternoon with the intention of cooking an amazing meal for Steve when he came home. She bought a bottle of good red wine on the way home, and spent the afternoon slaving in the kitchen to cook one of Steve's favourite pasta dishes, even going so far as to make fettucine from scratch on the kitchen bench. 

Steve came through the front door just before six to find Laurie plating up her creation and bringing their dinner over to their rarely used dining table. For added measure, Laurie had showered and chosen a slim semi casual burgundy dress she knew Steve loved her in, as it showed of her hips and ass in equal measure, and a serious amount of cleavage in the front, especially when worn with a plunge bra, which she was. 

She smiled at her husband and rushed over to greet him with a kiss and warm hug. Laurie had Steve seated in quick succession, next to Angus who already sitting in his high chair. As he played with his son, Laurie was filling up Steve's wine glass. 

It was only after Laurie had sat herself down across from Steve that he looked at what was in front of him. 

"This is chorizo pasta with that cream tomato pesto sauce I like" he observed. 

"Yes, I thought I'd surprise you" she replied with a smile. 

He looked closer. "And you made the pasta yourself" he continued. 

"Uhuh" she said, like it was nothing. 

Steve was quiet a moment. That was a lot of effort for a midweek meal, especially with a toddler in the house. Eyeing the bottle of wine, he picked it up and looked at the label. 

"Doesn't this go for fifty bucks a bottle?" 

"...Forty-eight..." 

He looked back to his wife and what she was wearing. "Don't you hate that dress because on how much it squeezes your boobs?" 

Laurie didn't reply, and suddenly looked very nervous. 

Steve sighed, unscrewed the wine bottle and poured more into his glass until it was a finger-width from the lip. 

"Okay, what's going on?" 

Laurie blew out a tense breath. She picked up her own wine, took a long draw of it into her mouth, swallowed, and spilt the secret that had been eating her up for the last two weeks. She told him everything that had happened the night she spent with Danny, the boy band, the hot tub, spending the night in Danny's bed. She told him of the continued experiences at Danny's work and, with a pause, the night in their own house. Laurie had expected him to react at that revelation, and she did see some light play behind his eyes, but he was quiet throughout, and listened to her story. 

Neither ate while Laurie spoke, and by the time she finished, the meal she had worked the entire afternoon over was cold and untouched, with the exception of Angus's simpler spaghetti and meatballs that he had promptly upended and covered his face and hands in. Laurie looked at her husband, worried. 

"So...what are you thinking?" she asked tentatively. 

Steve was quiet for a while longer. "I'm just...processing" he answered her finally. 

"Okay..." 

Both of them swirled their pasta around their plates and took small bites. Laurie was cleaning Angus's face when her husband spoke again. 

"Do you want to see her again?" 

Laurie felt her stomach drop out. 

"Steve, I-" 

Steve put his hand out to stop her. "I'm not trying to make you feel guilty Laurie. I just mean... is it good? I mean, it must be if you've seen her every week since the hotel." 

"I- I mean I suppose...it was only twice...well, yes. It is good," stammered Laurie. "It's different than when it's you nursing from me, or Angus. It's for sustenance then. And for you and me, it's something we do together, that we love to do together. But with her...it's like- like...I don't know." 

"It excites you?" Steve ventured. 

"Yeah I guess so. And it's different...and nice...and...hot..." 

"So you want to see her again?" Steve repeated himself. 

Laurie squirmed as her face reddened and her nipples hardened slightly. 

"Is it bad that I do?" she asked quietly. 

Steve swirled his pasta around this fork thoughtfully. "Here's the thing. What I said to you about the Jensen situation, about finding yourself in situations where you want to go forward...I admit that when I said that it was about that particular situation. But as far as it being about that exclusively, well...I love you and know you're committed to our relationship, and our marriage, and aren't about to try and leave me." He took his fork and put what was on it in his mouth, chewed, and swallowed. He smiled tiredly at his wife. "No, I don't think it's bad. Not bad like that anyway." 

Laurie smiled and felt a weight lift from her body. She had hoped Steve would take what she had to say well, but actually having him hear what she had to say and react calmly was a huge relief. 

Neither found that had much stomach for eating, so Steve packed away what was on their plates while Laurie took Angus upstairs. She bathed him, nursed him, burped him, and rocked him gently until he was fast asleep. All the while she could hear Steve come up the stairs, the shower turn on, and minutes later it shut off and his soft footsteps walking back toward their bedroom. Carefully placing her son into his crib, Laurie quietly left the room, and followed her husband's suit, showering before bed. 

Covered only in her towel with her damp hair slung over her shoulder, Laurie tiptoed back to her room. Walking through her door, she expected Steve to be reading, or possibly passed out from his day in the city. Instead the lights were low, and her husband was propped up on the bedhead, naked, smiling, and waiting for her to join him. Surprised, but happy, Laurie let her towel drop to the floor and climbed in under the sheets. 

Their joining was fast and needful. Their cool bodies pressed together as Steve rolled atop his wife, lips and tongues sucking and pressing against each other, and entered her wet snatch quickly. Pushing himself into a position to be able to grind into her G-Spot, he pushed his length into her with careful slowness. Laurie got a pleasant shock when as Steve's pelvis came close to her pubic mound, instead of feeling his flesh against hers, a buzzing pleasure pressed into her clitoris. Laurie raised the sheets to see where their bodies joined, and confirmed it; Steve had been sneaky and worn a vibrating cock ring to bed. 

Grinning, Steve slowly began to pump his member in and out of Laurie. Each forward thrust met the vibrator with Laurie's sensitive flesh, and it along with the sensation of Steve stretching and thrusting inside of her quickly engorged her own arousal. Her fingernails running over the skin on Steve's back, Laurie felt her nipples plumping, rubbing against Steve's chest as he moved back and forth against her. 

After her nipples warmed up, Laurie's breast milk reacted and began to let down, spilling down her chest and over Steve. Angus had taken some on top of whatever spaghetti he had eaten, so having expressed minutes earlier, her breasts had needed little provocation to let down again. Steve knew what the sticky warmth on his chest meant, and moved himself lower to suckle on Laurie's nectar. 

Neither lasted long. Steve fucking and sucking her while kissing her clit to his cock ring had Laurie orgasming long before Steve felt his balls begin to stir and swell, finally spilling his seed on her belly. Laurie had not gone back on the pill since the birth of their son, so it was too risky for him to finish inside of her. Quietly, Steve moved off to the side of his wife, and continued to nurse off of her still leaking nipples until her flow turned to drops, and finally ceased. 

Laurie smiled looking down at her husband. 

"Did hearing about me and Danny get you a little worked up?" she asked coyly. 

Steve moved so that he rested in Laurie's arm, and grinned. "I would be lying if I said it didn't." 

Laurie laughed, and they stayed together for a while. 

Steve suddenly turned serious and looked up at Laurie. "Does Alex know about you and Danny?" he asked. 

Laurie felt her stomach twist. "Danny was supposed to talk to him about it tonight too." 

Steve thought for a moment. "Okay. Well, can you find out and let me know" he said. "I think this is something me and him are going to have to talk about." 

"Do you think he'll take it badly?" she asked. 

"I don't know. I don't think he will," said Steve, thinking about what Alex had told him about Danny on their boys trip, "but still, I think it's better to talk about it rather leave it hanging between us all." 

Laurie agreed, and disengaging from her husband, went back to the bathroom to wash the semen from her body. As she walked, Laurie text Danny to ask her if she had talked with Alex yet. 

It wasn't until she was towelling off again that she received her reply: 

"Busy, we've talked, all ok, talk later" 

Laurie thought it odd that Danny, who usually wrote text messages like she was writing a letter, seemed so rushed in her answer. But, having received one she shrugged it off, told Steve, and read next to him in their bed before falling asleep. 

... 

Two days passed since Steve and Alex found out about their partner's antics with no fallout from anybody involved. Laurie looked after Angus and made some phone calls about returning to work, her maternity leave coming to an end in a few weeks. 

Another day later, Danny came over to the house to see Laurie on her lunch break and they spoke quickly about what had occurred. Danny wouldn't give away what her and Alex had discussed or his mood, other than that she didn't think there was a problem. Laurie was relieved that Danny didn't ask to nurse from her, being a little wary since they revealed their secret, but was still a little surprised when she asked to 'borrow' a bottle of Laurie's breast milk to take with her 'for the road', as she had put it sheepishly. Laurie was taken aback slightly, but didn't refuse. As things stood at the moment, if Danny wanted to keep drinking Laurie's milk but was happy to take it from a bottle, she was happy to give it to her. 

Two days after that, Laurie and Steve were relaxing in front of the television, Laurie eating dinner while Steve's sat on the coffee table while he fed his son. Laurie was relaxing, bra off, and picking out the peas in her fried rice while Steve gave a running commentary on the reality dating show they had on. As they watched men and women running in a mad scramble to find the person they wanted to take to the next round by presenting them with an orchid, Steve looked to his wife, then back to the screen. 

"By the way hon," he said distractedly, "I forgot to say that I had lunch with Alex today." 

Laurie turned to him quickly. She knew what was unsaid. "Well? What happened?" 

"Nothing. We had a couple of drinks and talked it over and...yeah, everything's good." 

Laurie let out a relieved sigh. "Well that's good." 

Steve didn't look away from the screen, but the corners of his lips turned up slightly. 

"What?" Laurie replied in a tone that said she wasn't playing. 

"Him and Dan are going to come over for a barbecue on Friday night." 

"Well- uh, alright, there's nothing weird about that. They come over all the time" she said. 

"I know, we just have to have a discussion. Together," he added. When he saw the look of worry on his wife's face, he felt a tug of sympathy for her in his chest and squeezed his wife's hand. "Hey, it's all fine, okay?" 
