 This is my first story (though I've been reading on Literotica for YEARS)...So bear with me, I hope you'll enjoy this as much as I enjoyed the real thing. Please leave me feedback, good and bad...I want to know how to make the stories HOTTER.

Disclaimer: The names have been changed to protect the guilty. :) Also, all characters were over 18 at the time of the story (which was just last week).

It was last Friday night. We were expecting a snow (which is rare for our part of the country), and everyone was running out to get bread and milk, etc. The weatherman said 2" to 6", which would shut down our small town for a couple of days. The worst part of it is that I work 3 to 11 at the police department and I knew it was going to be a very, VERY busy night.

I kissed my bride (Jessica) goodbye, and headed out to work. It had been raining all day, and now I could tell the rain was getting colder. I arrived at work with my buddy David, and we both knew it was going to be a very long night. The snow wasn't supposed to hit until 3 am (after we were already off), but we knew we'd be received a million phone calls from concerned idiots regarding the roads, power, etc.

I had been horny all day (hey, what's new, right?...I'm only 25 and have only been married for 6 months) and David is typically always horny, too. We're both average guys...not muscled up with bulging biceps, but definitely athletic and in shape. Dave's 22, a frat boy, looks more like a surfer, blue eyes, blonde hair, about 6' tall and 200 pounds. He's a pretty boy, lol. Me on the other hand, I'm only 5'8", 150 pounds, with short brown hair, and green eyes. We're both as straight as they come, but we're also willing to talk freely about sex, girls, even dudes that we wouldn't mind looking like (we call it a "man crush"). Heck, when you're cooped up at work with the same person 12 hours a day, you either become best friends or the worst enemies. I'd say we're pretty good friends.

I get porn on my phone, and I guess you could call me an addict...if it's slow at work or I'm particularly horned up, I'll pull up Literotica and read a few stories and get all boned up at the office (and yes, I have stroked off a few good nuts in the office bathroom). Dave knows I get porn on my phone (and he's always jealous), and one day he was messing around with my phone and discovered I also have the ability to take photos and videos with my phone. He found some nude pics I'd taken of Jessica on my phone and was mesmerized! Upon further investigation, he also found a couple of video's I'd taken of her fingering her pussy and a few of her giving me some incredible blowjobs. Somehow, I think we got a little closer after my buddy had watched videos of my girl sucking my hard cock. Oh well, he's like a brother to me.

So, after he found the pics and videos, he was always asking to see them. Which got me thinking.... I've always fantasized about a threesome, either with 2 chics or a buddy and another chic...so with him getting so fired up over seeing me and my wife, I figured I could mention and see how he reacted. "HELL YES....WHEN CAN I COME OVER?!?!" I thought that was just the answer I needed...so I waited for the perfect time to bring it up to Jess. 

One night, we were on our back patio (it's screened-in) and I had talked Jess into sucking my cock. I love to think of the possibility of getting caught...so the back patio at a townhouse complex was really TURNING ME ON. She pulled out my cock and started going to town. I'm a really lucky guy, because my wife loves sex just as much as me, and sucking a cock gets her extremely turned on. What more could I ask for, right? So, while she's sucking my cock and pulling on my balls, I brought up Dave. I told her that he'd found the videos of us on my phone and that he was so turned on. She started humming on my cock, and I asked her if she'd ever let him come video us. She thought about it and looked up and me with a smile. I told her he probably would be strokin' his cock while he video'd us fucking and she was cool with that. So I decided to keep pushing the envelope...I asked her if she would consider sucking his cock as "payment" for the video. She hesitated (but kept sucking my cock and had both of my balls in her mouth) when she said, "I guess so, as long as I don't have to fuck him". 

I knew she wanted to suck his cock..because we had all gone out just a few weeks before and they were on the dance floor (good and drunk) and she was grinding all over him. He even stuck his hand down her shirt to see if her nipples were as big and hard as I said. Did it bother me? Not really...I think it excites me that my wife turns other dudes on that much....especially when I know she is going home with ME.

Okay, so back to last Friday. So we're at work and both of us are excited about the snow (like two schoolboys) and I told Dave that we needed to go get some whiskey after work and go over to my house and drink til the snow falls. He was excited and said it was a go. He nearly immediately asked if Jess would be there and I said yes, but she is really sick. She'd been fighting with a cold for several days and I knew she wouldn't be up to a threesome tonight. Worst case scenario, we'd get drunk and beat our dicks.

So, we finished up a busy night at work and headed to the liquor store. We bought a few bottles of whiskey (and a bottle of wine for Jess). When we got to the house, I went upstairs to throw on some sweats and told Jess that Dave was here, too. She said she didn't mind him staying in the guest room tonight, as long as he didn't try to sneak in and rape her. What a sick sense of humor, right? ;)

I took a couple of good cigars out of my humidor and headed back downstairs to let the drinking begin! We poured a few and were beginning to feel pretty good around 12:30, when we decided to break out the porn. We both had our laptops and it was late enough to find some "soft core" on the t.v. I got the t.v. movies going, and we were both comparing porn on the computers. I think the laptops were more of a way to hide our bulging cocks (especially in my sweatpants).

Dave rearranged as best he could and went to the bathroom to stroke off for round one. I pulled down my sweats and pulled out my hard cock. I began to stroke it furiously, feeling so good every time I would pass over my huge shroom head. I could hear Dave beating his in the bathroom and something about that got me going even more (I used to have a couple of innocent jack off buddies back in high school). He finished up and walked out of the bathroom while I was still going...He saw my cock and said, "Whoa dude, put that thing away!" It was funny, and I guess I'm enough of an exhibitionist that I like showing off my cock....to whomever is looking. I think that was the only other time he'd seen my cock (other than the time he walked in on Jess and me in the bathroom at a local restaurant...she was sucking my cock and he flung open the door (ooops...guess I forgot to lock it!). I spun around with a hard cock in hand and said "Is this what you're looking for, fucker?!" He left, laughing his ass off.

Anyways, we kept drinking for a while and watched some more porn. After a while we were getting really fucked up, and decided it was time to cool down and have a cigar. I brought out a couple of Arturo Fuentes and we smoked them on the back patio. The same patio that Jess had said "yes" to a threesome on just a couple of weeks earlier.

We poured more and more drinks and got more and more horny until I decided it was time to wake up Jessica. We both stripped down to our boxers (boxer briefs for me) and headed upstairs. Dave stood, nervously, in the door, and I walked over to the bedside to "check on" my wife. I tried to wake her gently and she ushered us out, called us drunk assholes, laughed and said we weren't getting any tonight. Dave pleaded and I begged...but she wasn't budging. 

It was about 2a.m. by now and we decided we were just going to have to keep drinking and jack off for round two, since the snow wasn't due for another hour. Surprisingly, we found a really hot porno playing on "Skinemax" and Dave sat in the chair closest to the t.v. We were both still in our boxers and Dave began to stroke his cock through his boxers. I wasn't sure what to do...so I thought, "heck I'll join him!". I sat in the chair behind him (big recliner) so I wouldn't have to see him beat his meat...and I begin to work up a good hard on as well. About the time we were both getting really worked up, I put in the newest video of me and Jess. It's one I had taken on the camcorder and I played it through the DVD player. We started out 69'ing (my favorite number), and went on to a reverse cowgirl, and then to her just riding me on top....it was great! Dave and I were both beating our cocks and really horny and I said, "Hey dude, fuck this...let's go try it with Jess one more time." 

So we proceeded up the stairs and Dave waited outside the door. I laid down in bed beside Jess and surprisingly, she was awake. I started kissing on her and she said she really didn't want to have a threesome tonight. But she did offer to lick his cock, as a "teaser". So, Dave came in and stood beside the bed on Jessica's side, and I slid my hands down the front of her panties. I started flicking her clit and massaging gently just inside her lips, and within just about 2 minutes, she was pushing her pussy against my fingers. When I looked up, she was massaging my buddies balls through his boxers, and he was getting pretty fired up.

I slowly slid the panties off, and started working two fingers into her already soaking wet pussy. By this time, she had Dave's boxers off and had his cock in her mouth. I pulled off my boxer briefs and got on top...I started by rubbing my cock head up and down the inside of her pussy lips and she began to moan. I was rubbing my cock up and down her puss, as a teaser, while I watched her suck nearly the entire length of Dave's cock...wow! We were all moaning and talking which really was getting me excited.

Before long, I was fucking Jess and Dave was across her, sideways, with his cock in her mouth, while he was sucking all over her big nipples.

Then, I pulled my 8 incher out and stood up. Jess stood up in front of me and pushed Dave onto his back on the bed. As I was slipping it into my wife's cunt from the back, I got the first glimpse of my buddy's cock. I think he had balls that were a little bigger than mine (or else they were just REALLY full), and our cocks must be almost exactly the same size. I was impressed, in the most non-threatening, heterosexual way possible, haha.

Jess took his cock in her mouth and Dave commented, "Dude, she really is just as awesome at this as you said. I don't know when I've ever had a better blow job." That fired me up to hear what a good little cockslut my wife is...and I started thrusting my hard cock into her just a little bit harder. She was moaning and clawing at David's chest, and he was massaging her shoulders.

I began to reach around Jess's side and massage the front of her clit, while I was fucking her, which sent her into orbit! She was really fucking back against me now, and sucking Dave's cock like she wanted every single inch of it. I was so horny.

I had one hand on her tits, and the other massaging her swollen clit. She was moaning and humming on my buddy's cock, and I felt myself getting closer and closer to filling up her pussy with my thick hot cum. Dave was breathing heavy too, and moaning like a champ. The more and more I rubbed up her stomach and massaged her breasts, the more I rubbed against my buddy's balls, after the 3rd time of brushing against his swollen balls, I thought it was time to try something new.

I pulled my cock out of her wet, tight pussy and pulled her (literally) off Dave's cock. I made her lie down on her back, and I inserted my cock back into her puss. I instructed Dave to sit on her chest and fuck her mouth like he meant it. He began to fill up her little mouth with his cock and I heard her gag on it a few times. I was driving one home in the backfield, and we were all on the verge of one major orgasm.

I was telling them how close I was getting, and Dave said he was going to explode any second. I had already counted 4 of Jessica's orgasms, and knew she wasn't going to last much longer either. I started slapping the ends of my fingers against her clit while I was sliding my cock very slowly in and out of her pussy, allowing her to feel all 8 inches of my big cock. Dave was reaching back and holding on to Jessica's thighs, and I knew he was only seconds away.

I told Jess to keep sucking my buddies cock and that she had better not miss one single drop of his cum. I love being vocal about what I want in bed, and I don't think either of them were complaining. I told them to get ready and Jess was begging for cum. "Fill me up you bastards! Give me that cum...I want to feel it in both holes....don't hold back on me..." as she was stroking Dave's cock with one hand and squeezing my forearm with the other. We all started moaning loudly and were short of breath....I screamed loudly, "Here it comes!!" and I filled my wife's hot pussy with a massive load of hot cum...and at almost the same time, Dave started cumming down her throat. He was bucking backwards against me and we were all lost in the most incredible orgasm I've had in a long fucking time.

Jess got up and licked every drop off of both our cocks and stroked us good, just to make sure there wasn't a single drop left.

THE END.

Technical note: Next time, I think we'll turn on some light or burn a few candles...I really want to see more of what is going on. I know we all three want to do it again badly, and I know it will be even better if we can watch each other.

Dave and I have also made a pact to talk her into letting us both fuck her puss at the same time. We'll fill it up...bad thing is, I just don't know how long I can handle that...sounds pretty fucking HOT to me.