 Chapter 5

When I awoke the next morning, it was to the sound of rather wild, raunchy sex, of course, but it wasn't what I thought. Nicky and Chelsea were getting it on, but she was hitting him from behind with a strap-on dildo. My fiancee was pegging my boyfriend, while his fiancee watched and pleasured herself in response. He didn't seem to mind it, either, of course. It was incredibly hot, but that wasn't the end of it, as Monica slid on top of me. Her perky, earthy breasts lowered above my face as she planted her pussy around my dick.

"I guess that you're Papi, too, now, but that's okay with Nicky, I think. You're Papi to him as well, even if he doesn't call you that. You're so fucking ... thick up here!" Monica groaned while Chelsea finished up inside Nicky and they both joined us in bed.

"Well, Monica, you're not so bad yourself, you know. Oh, God!" I shuddered as she continued riding me, her warm, wet pussy surrounding my cock for some truly incredible sex, even for me.

"Fill me ... shoot it in me!" Monica begged me, her whole body quivering as she rode my dick for good measure.

I wasn't about to refuse such a plea from such a lovely young woman, and I came, balls deep inside her pussy, filling her with my seed. She leaned over and kissed my face, my lips, and my neck before she slumped on top of me, my hands roaming her smooth, sweaty ass as she did so. I now ran my fingers through Monica's lovely hair, stroking it as we lay together, her head now resting on my chest, too.

"It's really a great moment there, but how about mixing it up a bit," Nicky teased us, leaning over and parting Monica's cheeks to begin rimming her for the hell of it.

"Oh, God, Nicky! Oh, fuck!" Monica reacted to Nicky's tongue, even as my own hands began caressing Chelsea's bottom.

"He's very oral, isn't he? I love that about him," I remarked, even as my tongue tangled with Chelsea's in a searing hot kiss.

"You're one to talk, love. How many times have you licked my bum? I've lost count! Bloody good at snogging, too, darling!" Chelsea winked at me, as I ran my tongue over my lips.

"Yeah, well, your ass is one of the sweetest I've ever had. The only rivals are all in this room, too. Why wouldn't I lick it? It's delicious!" I grinned as we made out and Nicky kept up the rimjob on Monica.

"I love this whole ... four-way dynamic of ours. It works. You, me, Nicky, and Monica over there. I love the taste of Latin cunny, too. Bloody good quim! I'm going to absolutely enjoy rimming that sweet arse of hers as well, not to mention yours and Nicky's. I know that I'm all high and mighty by birth, but to be honest, I'm not really that way. Surely, you see that now. That's why I love being in porn. It lets me let my hair down and enjoy people so much. Oh, I put up a front for the camera, but it's all a show and anyone who watches closely can see that I'm poking fun at my own class, even as I fuck anything that moves. Which, to be blunt, they do, too, just behind the scenes. I do it in the open. They're bigger whores than I'll ever be," Chelsea laughed as she began sucking my cock, not in the least bothered by the juices that Monica left behind.

"See, told you. Sweet Mexican fanny. I barely know her and I already adore her. She's so ... bubbly and eager and loving. And Nicky is so damn sweet! I could eat him up with a spoon! And you, my dear ... the lordly lion. The man of the house. Nice, hairy ... manly. Nothing against foreskins ... not in principle. But in practice, kind of glad that you were cut. It's a horrible practice, barbaric, really, but selfishly, I like not having to deal with your foreskin ... and I love kissing your chest," Chelsea continued, doing just that now, before mounting me to take my cock inside her.

"Well, you certainly have a way with words, Chels. Still want me to knock you up?" I chuckled as we began fucking in earnest.

"Bloody hell, yes, I do! And become your lovely bride ... I shall make such a fine bride, shan't I? And you shall be the most dashing groom, my dear!" Chelsea shouted as she continued riding me from above.

"And so will these two, won't they?" I remarked as Nicky kept up licking Monica's booty.

"Oh, by Jove ... he really does love to tongue that arse, doesn't he? I can't wait until he does that to me ... I guarantee that he'll enjoy the taste of my bum too!" Chelsea declared as she moved her hips with the usual amount of enthusiasm ... while kissing my mouth eagerly.

"Oh, I know that he will, honey! He's a man after my own heart that way ... I love to rim a great ass, and both you and Monica have fantastic butts! I hope to rim her myself soon, too. Then again, I suspect that you ladies aren't opposed to giving as well as receiving great rimjobs," I noted while Chelsea kept up the cowgirl action ... damn, her pussy felt heavenly right then!

Suddenly, as if my words had triggered something, Chelsea squirted all over my dick, prompting a load of cum to shoot right out into her fine cunt. She slumped and rested her head on top of my chest, just as Monica had done earlier. It was clear that she really cared about me in a way that I hadn't figured until she showed up the day before. I always knew that Chelsea Hughes liked me, but I never guessed that she was in love with me ... that was a whole new ballgame, of course. Then again, neither Nicky nor I had known that we were in love until that same morning, either, after Sly Mackenzie had emasculated him. As for what Monica felt toward me, I could only guess, but she was evidently falling for Nicky, if she hadn't already ... the contrast between her reaction to his castrated condition and Nancy's was like night and day. It wasn't just any woman who would want a man who lost his nuts. Monica was clearly a sweet and special lady in her own way.

Speaking of those two, Nicky had finally come up for air, so I decided that it was time for showers and breakfast. Naturally, I wasn't alone in the shower. Nicky followed me into it, leading the girls to their own devices. We peed first, then took some time washing each other quite thoroughly, as we wanted to get each other very clean for what might follow the morning meal. It was time to retake my bum boi soon, and I would ... I wanted to remind him that, although we had women in our lives again, he was still my bitch and his ass was still mine. I decided that after breakfast, I wanted some sodomy for dessert.

"Penny for your thoughts," Nicky asked me as we dried off.

"Oh, I've decided what follows breakfast," I smiled.

"Hopefully my ass ... I don't want you forgetting my booty amidst all the lady tail that we have now. I'm still your bottom bitch, right?" Nicky pleaded with me, right before I slapped his tight butt.

"Bet your sweet tush you are. That's exactly what I had in mind," I grinned now.

"Then we'd better start on breakfast. I'm hungry and I also want to see you fuck that fine ass of his into next week!" Chelsea winked at us.

"Same here, gorgeous. Mind you, I hope to get lady love going on between you and me. How about it?" Monica threw in her two cents.

"In that case, we need to make breakfast pronto, because pussy sounds like a wonderful dessert!" Chelsea actually giggled for once, adding, "Eggs Benedict?"

"I thought that you'd never ask, but my name is David, not Benedict," I chuckled, prompting a laugh from everyone, while Chelsea shocked us all by starting some breakfast tea ... proper English tea, in fact.

"Another perk of a British girlfriend. Very civilized. Breakfast tea with milk, toast with marmalade, and Eggs Benedict. See? You shall never want rid of me," Chelsea said as she started the breakfast with Monica's help.

"This sounds great, but tomorrow, it's chorizo, potatoes, and scrambled eggs with some salsa, tortillas, peppers, onions, and cheese. With some great coffee to boot," Monica announced.

"Yes, well, that's the perk of a Tejana girlfriend. What's the advantage of a Greek boyfriend?" I smacked Monica, Chelsea, and then Nicky on the tush.

"You'll see, honey ... you'll see," Nicky laughed as we began to pitch in making the meal together ... the girls could always use the help and we could use the company.

"And then there's the food, too," Monica commented, making even Chelsea blush, much to everyone's surprise.

Chapter 6

"So, that was one hell of a breakfast, dear, and I do mean that in a good way. There's definitely something to be said for British girlfriends," I smiled at Chelsea as we polished off the morning meal with some excellent English breakfast tea (with milk and sugar, of course).

"Just wait until tomorrow. I wasn't joking about the Tex-Mex breakfast, papi," Monica spoke up, "You'll see what Tejana girlfriends have to offer. Let's face, we're BOTH your girlfriends now, and Nicky is your boyfriend. Of course, I think that we're both his girlfriends, too, right?"

"Exactly. I love the way that you think. What are your thoughts, Chelsea?" I asked my fiancee.

"Darling, you know that I love and adore you, and if you want two girlfriends, well, it sounds very charming, and dare I say, affectionate of you. So, yes, love, you have two girlfriends, we each presumably have two boyfriends for our part, and we have each one same-sex partner as well. You are Nicky's boyfriend and he is yours. I am ... I hope, Monica's girlfriend and she is mine. Are we all on the same page here?" my lovely Englishwoman encouraged the whole polyamory idea all over again.

"To the four of us, lovers for life if we can help it!" I proposed a toast with my cup of tea, which made Monica giggle and get a devilish look on her face as she snuck into the pantry to retrieve a bottle of tequila.

"If we're going to do a toast, let's do it properly, papi. To the four of us, lovers for life, and yes, we CAN help it!" Monica declared as she poured some tequila into shots for each of us to clink and drink.

"I'll drink to that!" Nicky was first to show his support to his lover's agenda, followed by me, and then Chelsea, with a huge smile on her face.

"I mean it. I want to grow old with all three of you," I affirmed, actually bringing tears to Nicky's eyes in particular.

"Nancy never said things like that to me, but you have. Thank you," Nicky told me with misty eyes, "I feel very much the same way for my part, given what all you have done for me ... and with me, of course. I'm your boy for the rest of my days ... forever, really."

"And we're your girls ... both of your girls ... and both of us your girls. Isn't English a funny language?" Monica teased us.

"You've got me there. It's bloody bollocks at times, especially given how different UK English and American English are from each other. Still, you have to admit that you like how I say the word 'bottom,' don't you? That includes you, darling Monica, doesn't it, love?" Chelsea answered, even as Monica's hand started wandering over to her ass, rubbing her with brazen lust.

"Please ... let me have a taste, Chelsea!" Monica urged Chelsea, but didn't wait for an answer before prying her cheeks apart to start rimming her.

"Oh ... damn it, love! I'm going to fucking pay you back for that! I fucking love you!" Chelsea declared as she felt that tongue glide across the crack of her ass.

"Just wait until I eat your pussy, Chelsea," Monica teased her as she kept rimming her.

"Well, while you girls have your fun, I'll have mine with Dave here," Nicky declared, as he knelt and wrapped his lips around my cock, his tongue exploring everything from the head to the base.

"Oh, fuck me, yes!" Chelsea panted as she felt Monica rim her some more and watched Nicky suck the holy hell out of my dick.

"You got that right, baby!" I winked at Chelsea, making her cream herself, much to my surprise.

"Oh, yeah ... Dave, papi ... Chelsea can hardly breathe around you sometimes, baby! She can hardly touch and see you without getting very wet. How did you put it, sweetie?" Monica asked Chelsea while tonguing her asshole.

"Soaked my knickers? I do that a lot just from feeling your skin on mine, Dave! Oh, Monica, darling, that tongue of yours ... it's magic, it's heavenly back there, right there on my arse! Up my bum! Just wait until I lick your arsehole, love! Just ... you ... wait!" Chelsea's breaths became very shallow indeed.

"This is a helluva a lot better than your average girl-girl scene, but then you're doing it for pleasure, not for pay," I commented as I fought off the chills that Nicky's mouth gave my cock and balls.

"Darling, little secret, I always do it for pleasure, even when I'm paid. That's part of why I earn so much! They love how I am in bed! Especially when I'm thinking of you, and to a lesser extent, David Hasselhoff. Now I have even more ... lovers, to think of, such as Monica when she does this to me ... licking my bum like that ... oh, love, don't ... fucking ... stop! Not when I'm so bloody close to cumming now!" Chelsea implored Monica to keep at it with her tongue.

For my part, I had to really work not to cum from Nicky's wonderful mouth sucking my cock so ruthlessly and using his tongue so effectively. He was especially good about licking the head of my dick, slathering the opening of my prick with his tongue. When he started fondling my balls and my ass, while Monica played with Chelsea's twat, things got even worse. Both Chelsea and I were very close to cumming indeed, and with each lick, each kiss, each suck, each finger used to pleasure us, the tougher it became for us.

Finally, however, what did Chelsea in was when Monica licked her buns and returned to her crack to focus on her puckered hole itself. She did this several times, making Chelsea cream herself and moan as she held onto the kitchen table for support. At last, she shivered and screamed her ecstasy, her voice lower and more guttural than usual from the extreme pleasure that she experienced. Her knees nearly buckled, and Monica held her up from falling to the floor in addition to said table.

That was more than enough to bring me over the edge and I shot my load down Nicky's willing and eager throat. He swallowed every last drop of my hot jizz, aside from what was on his lips, which he licked off them like the cream from a donut. He then rose and gave me a very searing kiss with more than enough tongue to let me taste my own dick. Evidently, I didn't taste too bad at all, at least not to him or me.

That was when I grabbed his ass, spread his cheeks, and started rimming the little twink for all he was worth. I don't think that he was prepared for that, but he deserved to receive pleasure and his shortage of balls limited my options for fellatio, since his cock would have trouble getting stiff. While I did this, Chelsea took Monica, planted her ass on the table, and began eating her cunt with a vengeance, not letting the Tejana know what was up until she felt the porn star's tongue on her clit and her pussy lips. There was Hollandaise sauce all over Monica's back, but no one cared at the moment. What mattered to both Chelsea and me was that our lovers had gone down on us and they deserved roughly the same courtesy done to them, the same gratification, in fact.

Thankfully, Nicky's ass was very smooth, feminine even, and my mouth thoroughly enjoyed licking and sucking it. He had trouble adjusting to the idea that I wanted to do this so much to him, but he soon relaxed and just went with it. His lover, his man, was willing to bring him pleasure through an act definitely considered deviant by much of society. Then again, a eunuch being pumped full of a cock and then of cum was unconventional, as was being a eunuch in the first place, not that he had a choice in the matter.

As for Chelsea and Monica, they were very much engaged in the act of cunnilingus, with Chelsea definitely in the role of aggressor as well as giver. She managed to eat pussy in a way that reduced Monica to putty in her hands. Nicky's new fiancee was unable to think straight or do much besides moan and cuss, in Spanish, of course, from her orgasm. Those ladies certainly knew how to excite a man, between them, with their intense, yet lingering sexual congress with each other. Monica's hands held Chelsea's head in place, not that my British tart resisted the aggressive move on her girlfriend's part.

Monica's fingers ran through Chelsea's chestnut hair, something that I noticed was somewhat distinct from the jet-black that she preferred while performing her films. This, I recalled now, was Chelsea's natural color, and she must have simply let the hair coloring fade without my notice. This was due to the fact that I was more interested in other parts of her at the times, such as her eyes, her breasts, her mouth, her cunt, her legs, and best of all, her ass. Well, that and her hair was lovely with any color, though chestnut was best on her now that I thought of it. It fit with her name, her class, and her overall look. I decided that I would suggest to her wearing it naturally while she filmed, just to see how people reacted to it. Women liked to change their hair color a lot, anyway, didn't they?

At last, Nicky couldn't take it any more, begging me, "Fuck my ass, please! I need your cock up my ass!"

Grinning, I walked over, kissed him to let him taste his own butt on my lips and tongue, and then took some canola oil to lube up my dick. Once that was done, I applied some butter to his backdoor, and then slid my prick into his asshole while he bent over the table. Chelsea looked at us, looked up at Monica, waited for the nod, and then left the room just long enough to get her strap-on dildo with its thigh harness. It wasn't too much longer before she was busy fucking our sweet Tejana's twat with it, too, which only excited both Chelsea and Monica more.

Monica was on her back still, her legs on Chelsea's shoulders while they faced each other, made out, and fucked that way. It was a very intimate and personal way of getting it on, one which Chelsea and I had often done before, but with me as the penetrator. I made myself a note to let her peg me some time in the future that way, with my legs on her shoulders as well. I would love to make out, or "snog," as Chelsea sometimes called it, with her while she drilled my asshole to our mutual satisfaction.

I was scant seconds from cumming in Nicky's fine ass when the phone rang. It was Nancy, of all people, and she apparently wasn't done fucking with us all. I went ahead and came up Nicky's butt before I picked up the phone to answer it. I deliberately let her hear me sound breathless. I was testing her claim to be a virgin, not that I would usually care, but if she was lying, that was another nail in her coffin. One didn't have to be a virgin for me not to judge, but one did have to not be a liar.

"You ... sound like you've just been fucking someone. Was it Nicky? Are you two gay lovers now? He always sounded, well, a bit on the soft, stupid, and sissy side of things. Why do you think that I let him think that I was a virgin and pushed him off ... I wasn't a virgin. I just didn't want to fuck him until it was actually necessary. Then again, you didn't pick up on my hints of attraction to you, or else ignored them. Are you gay, Dave?" Nancy laughed evilly as she heard my voice.

"Yes, I've been fucking Nicky. No, I'm not gay. I'm bisexual. Yes, we do exist. As for what you did, I often wondered about that. Also, if you had hit on me, I would have turned you down flat, unless he was there and cool with it. I don't betray Nicky. He's a great guy. It's your loss that you gave him up, all because of his balls, which he lost for you! He could have still used his tongue, you know. Even if it wasn't technically sex, you owed it to him to stick by him after he lost his gonads for you. One sacrifice deserves another. Why should he always give and you always take?" I chewed Nancy out, of course.
