 "And this is my bedroom." Dot said sitting and leaning back on the bed. She crocked her finger at Jeremy, her eyes holding the invitation.

Jeremy walked forward and Dot grabbed his belt.

"And now for your tip." She laughed dropping his jeans and boxers to his ankles.

Jeremy was grinning from ear to ear as his rock hard cock sprang forth to stand ready only inches from Dot's lips. She moaned taking his unexpected length into her mouth. She put her hands on his hips and began to suck, slowly moving an inch in at a time. Her tongue was darting back and forth over the sensitive flesh teasing and tasting until she had swallowed the length of him. Then she turned up the suction as she moved away. Poor Jeremy never had a chance; his hips began to buck furiously as Dot's kinky auburn curled head bounced rhythmically up and down his cock. Two more strokes and she pulled him in deep. Jeremy's knees threatened to buckle as she swallowed every last drop of him.

He collapsed next to her on the bed trying to catch his breath and the next thing he knew Dot had pulled up her long sleep shirt and was straddling his face. He eagerly lapped at her pussy as she rocked against him. Her moans growing steadily stronger until he rolled her over and spread her thighs wide. He slid two fingers into her dripping cunt and slowly fucked her as her sucked her clit. Dot buried her fingers in his hair pulling his head tight against her sex as she bucked with her first orgasm. Then she went wild pulling him upward and wrapping her legs around his shoulders, she guided his raging hard cock into her throbbing snatch.

"Fuck me!" she moaned pulling him in with her legs.

Jeremy wasn't someone to be asked twice. He greedily plunged into her and began pounding away.

"Slow down stud, we've got all night and I intend to make you cum until you are dry." she giggled then released his hips from her leg lock.

Out in the living room Rochelle began to nod off. The alcohol and the day finally taking its toll. Felicia helped the girl to her feet and walked to her bedroom. She was too tired and tipsy to pull out and make the spare bed so she deposited Rochelle in the bed next to herself.

She could hear Jeremy and Dot's moans in the next room through their adjoining bathroom and she grinned. They sounded like they were having a great time. Felicia closed her eyes but her head swam so she stared at the wall willing sleep to come, but listening to her roommate moaning was setting her imagination to fire and she found herself getting aroused again. Normally she would take out one of her toys and relieved herself but she didn't think Rochelle was anything deeper than asleep.

Maybe one of the quieter ones. She thought opening the bedside table. She pulled out a small vibrator that was inserted inside a jelly cock and slipped it gently into her cunt before turning it on. She rolled over on her side facing away from Rochelle and turned the knob. The toy shuddered to life and Felicia eased it slowly in and out of her pussy, fucking herself excruciatingly slow. She could feel an orgasm building and was about to let herself go when she felt Rochelle stir next to her dropping an arm across her side, then snuggle in close to her back. Felicia nearly jumped out of her skin but the girl didn't move any further.

The toy was still buzzing away deep in Felicia's over stimulated pussy and she ached to move it, to pound it in deeply making herself cum. There was an excitingly dangerous quality to the feelings Felicia was having knowing now that Rochelle could wake at any moment and being afraid that she would, it held her just on the edge of ecstasy.

Felicia clenched and relaxed the walls of her cunt wishing for the release she craved. Rochelle stirred again and her hand moved up onto Felicia's breast. Her nipple tightened instantly, almost painfully and Felicia moaned despite herself.

"Let me." Rochelle whispered, sliding her other hand between Felicia's thighs and taking hold of the vibrator. Felicia gasped as the brunette began to fuck her raging cunt with the toy.

She had often wondered what it would be like to be fucked by a woman but she had never had the guts to try it before. She was hovering so close so long that under Rochelle's ministrations she erupted into a shattering climax, her toes curling and her thighs shaking intensely. She looked up at Rochelle in the near dark of the room and saw that the brunette was completely naked. Felicia was drawn to touch her and reached for her breast as Rochelle removed the fake cock from her pussy and licked it clean.

Felicia found the action incredibly erotic. Feeling bold, she pinched Rochelle's nipples between her fingers. The woman had beautiful full breasts, very rounded and perky. She rubbed her thumb in circles over the large nipples finally leaning in and taking one gently in her mouth. She could smell Rochelle's arousal. Her pussy's musky scent filled Felicia's nostrils and she dipped a finger into the brunette's silkiness. She removed the finger hearing Rochelle gasp and made a show of tasting it. Felicia found it tangy but pleasant.

Rochelle moaned and grabbed Felicia kissing her soundly and moving her hands all over Felicia's body paying close attention to her nipples before laying down on her back. Felicia paused a moment and then dipped her head between the brunette's thighs. Rochelle's clit was enormous and it stood out like a little erection between her pussy lips. Felicia's tongue darted out and tasted it, then sucked avidly as Rochelle moaned and sighed. She felt Rochelle tug at her hips and felt fingers rub her clit so she moved over the brunette's face. She could tell hers wasn't the first cunt Rochelle had sucked.

Felicia reached for the discarded vibrator and worked it into Rochelle's tight cunt. She slowly fucked the woman as she ran her tongue all over trying to imitate what Rochelle was doing to her own dripping snatch. Rochelle moaned loudly into Felicia's pussy and the vibration was more excitement than she could stand. Both women shuddered through climax nearly rolled together off the bed.

Rochelle curled into Felicia's side pressing her breasts into her back. Their breathing slowly returned to normal as they held each other. Dot's moaning was quick and loud, punctuating the silence.

"Do you think they would mind some company?" Rochelle asked. "A live cock is always better than this." she grinned waving the damp jelly cock.