 "Do you think they would mind some company?" Rochelle asked. "A live cock is always better than this." she grinned waving the damp jelly cock.

Felicia picked up the toy and set it on the night table. "I don't know, we've...I mean Dot and I...we've never..."

"Have you thought about it?"

Felicia didn't answer. Of course she had thought about it lots of times, but she didn't want to jeopardize their friendship and she wouldn't have known how to approach Dot anyway.

Rochelle stood and made her way across the semi-dark room toward the bathroom and the adjoining door to Dot's room. It was open slightly. Felicia followed her, with a racing heart. She was just as tempted to turn back as she was to peer through that doorway.

Rochelle quietly pulled it open and stepped into the room. Felicia could see Dot and Jeremy on the bed. Their forms moving in an age old dance that appeared more erotic in the darkened shadows. Dot was on top, her breasts rocking to the rhythm of her hips with Jeremy's calves hanging off the end of the bed. Rochelle walked straight up behind Dot and slid her hands up under Dot's breasts. Dot moaned and arched her back then looked toward Felicia, who stood frozen. Dot's eyes flashed in the dark and Felicia was caught like a doe in their lusty glow. Dot crooked her finger beckoning Felicia across the room. Her gaze was magnetic and Felicia found herself drawn across the room to the bed. Rochelle had knelt down and was licking Jeremy's balls as Dot continued to fuck him slowly. Dot's eyes closed briefly with pleasure as Rochelle began rubbing her clit.

Felicia found herself standing only inches from the entangled trio. Dot grabbed her hands and pulled them over her breasts. Felicia's mouth parted slightly as she kneaded the silky flesh. Her pussy was dripping again and she felt Jeremy's warm hand on her thigh. She parted her legs leading his hands to her cunt. He tugged on her thigh until she moved up over his face. She was facing Dot when his tongue dove into her pussy. Her roommate leaned forward and gave her a deep sultry kiss. It was soft and exquisite.

Felicia moaned loudly and teased Dot's nipples with her thumbs. Dot's breath were coming in short hot little pants now as she began bouncing on Jeremy's rigid cock. This time she held nothing back, her moans turning to animalistic screams of ecstasy . Felicia wasn't far behind, her over sensitive pussy and clit were being assaulted by a professional. Jeremy sucked and fucked her with abandon and she rocked rapidly against him taking one of Dot's breasts into her mouth and teasing the taunt nipple with her tongue.

Rochelle was fingering her own cunt as she played with Dot's clit. Suddenly Dot came hard shaking with the power of her orgasm. Felicia followed suit, her juices soaking Jeremy's face. Dot got up and Rochelle pounced on Jeremy who was now sitting up grinning like and idiot. Rochelle climbed into his lap and slid her tight cunt over his slick cock. She wrapped her tiny frame around his upper body. He groaned with pleasure as his full length slid easily home.

"Damn baby! You have the tightest little pussy! You're so small I could walk around all day just fucking your hot little cunt." Jeremy muttered and to prove his point he stood picking her up in his arms and pinned her back to the wall as he drove into her. Each long stroke was punctuated by a tiny cry of pleasure from Rochelle.

"God! I'm gonna blow!" Jeremy swore pounding like a jackhammer into Rochelle, whose squeals had become growls and animalistic grunts. She clawed at his back and pushed herself as close as she could get nearing her second orgasm of the evening. Jeremy teased her trying to stay his own impending orgasm but lost the battle as he felt a tongue run the length of his spine and a finger slid into his ass. Rochelle's eyes closed tight and she tensed. Then she began shaking as Jeremy spilled his seed into her depths. They both collapsed in a heap on the floor.

"Damn best tip I've ever had!" Jeremy panted.

Dot giggled. "Oh, but you're far from finished, love."

Jeremy shook his head. "I'd love to oblige ladies but if I cum once more tonight, my nuts will shrivel into nothing. But don't let me stop you I'm always ready for a good show," he grinned.

Felicia was lying across the bed with her head propped in her hand. Dot turned to her "But you didn't stick your magnificent cock into Felicia's hot cunt." the redhead paused in thought. "I think I have a remedy for that" she grinned and retreated to her closet. Rochelle had recovered somewhat and had moved up next to Felicia on the bed. She had lit a couple of candles before laying down. Their flames were creating dancing patterns on the walls and Felicia thought she was seeing things when her roommate walked back out of the closet sporting an enormous black strap-on. Jeremy's attention perked as she sauntered across the room. It was then that Felicia noticed Dot carried a double headed 18" dildo. Rochelle didn't spare a moment for hesitation. She slid up to Dot at the ends of the bed and ran her tongue up the fake cock jutting out from Dot's hips. The thing had to be three inches in diameter but Rochelle still took it into her mouth like a pro.

"Well roomie are you going to roll over so I can give you the fuck you so richly deserve or do I have to take you?" Dot grinned sounding a bit domineering.

Felicia stared up into her roommates eyes knowing there was no way she could refuse and slid down to the end of the bed. Dot grabbed her hips and made her get up on her hands and knees. Rochelle immediately slid her hand between Felicia thighs and spread her pussy lips wide for Dot's convenience. She rubbed Felicia's clit with her thumb as she guided the thick black cock into Felicia's dripping cunt. Felicia moaned feeling like she was begin tore apart and began pushing back against her roommate's hips wanting it buried deeper in her pussy.

"That's right, honey, I knew you would like this." Dot taunted only allowing the tip of the cock into her roommates snatch. Rochelle began to lap at Felicia's clit and Felicia moaned softly. She reached for the double dong and slid it into Rochelle's cunt hard and fast making the brunette squirm in surprise. She began to assault the pussy violently with the toy. Rochelle in response latched onto Felicia's clit sucking deeply and then dot's slammed the strap on home. Felicia grunted and started rocking her hips back against Dot.

Felicia was soon lost in a new world of sensation. Just thinking about what Dot was doing to her spurred her into an orgasm. One followed son by another and yet another until the waves of pleasure just rolled over body like water. Rochelle's hips bucked furiously as she too came hard. Then Felicia felt Dot's hips jerking. She turned to look behind her and saw her roommate's eyes closed in climax, her breasts enclosed in Jeremy's hands and his cock buried to the hilt in her ass. 

The four of them collapsed on the bed each looking tired but satisfied. Felicia fell asleep first back awoke again to find her roommate suckling her cunt. She took the waiting Jeremy's cock into her mouth and suck on it until it was full and stiff again then he climbed between her legs and slid home. Three orgasms later Jeremy got up and left claiming that he needed to get some sleep and knew it wouldn't happen here. Rochelle and Dot were fucking each other with the double headed dildo by that time and Felicia decided to leave them to it. After all she had a case to work on in the morning and a bit of revenge to play on a certain male partner at her firm.