 Five men were not enough though more than 15 minutes had passed she was screaming for more men. Tow more tall guys walked towards her. One of them pushed his prick into the sweaty hair in her right armpit while the other pushed into her left armpit. Slowly they pushed into her unshaven armpits. Her armpit hair was matted with sweat and acted like a suction as their swords pierced the heavy hard hair in her unshaven underarms. The hick pelt of jet-black hair in her unshorn armpits was pushed through as their gigantic pricks disappeared into the thick forest of Rehana’s armpit jungle. Shiraz was now fucking her mouth. Rehana’s eyes were wide open as she struggled to accommodate the 13-inch monster in her mouth. Half his cock was still out and his huge balls were banging against her face. I was ready to cum as I patiently pumped her anus with my prick. The ape-man was ravaging her pussy even as Rehana struggled to jerk off the two cocks in her hands.


We were the magnificent seven fucking the fecund hirsute Rehana. The desert queen was amidst an amalgam of en even as her sister tried her best to satisfy the four men around her. Her husband Habib was flitting between the two groups and the fact that two women had no problem dealing with a dozen men was breathtaking. Habib at a lose end started licking his sister-in-law’s hairy pussy even as the hairy ape was jamming his cock into her.  


I lay down on my back on the floor and told her to ride me as I was getting tired. She straddled me and my hard cock easily disappeared up her wet, stretched puss. She bounced on me for a bit while she sucked Shiraz’s massive cock. While she did a slow grind with her hips on me, she became a fuck-face for him. She bobbed her head quickly over his shaft. I had a fantastic view, watching from below as most of his cock repeatedly disappeared into her mouth and his balls slapped her chin. As his moans grew louder, she sucked his head and gripped his dick with her hand. She ground her thumb into the base of his shaft and made a circular motion that drove him crazy. I too was on the verge of cumming. 



The two men in her underarms were screaming and moaning as their dicks swished in and out of her untrimmed armpits. I could se she was tiring and she started stroking the two men hard and furiously. I think she wanted them to cum quickly so that she could concentrate on the other five including me. Shiraz started saying “You horny slut why don’t you try and suck two cocks together like your hairy sister. She’s better than you she can take two cocks in her mouth and you cant even take my prick into your mouth”


Indeed Shakira was sucking two massive pricks simultaneously though neither of them were as big as Shiraz’s monster dong. Rehana was being scorned at by Shiraz and she beckoned to one of the other men to come to her and she started to suck his dick alternately but she found it impossible as Shiraz’s prick was too large to allow another prick in her mouth.


Her failure made her more determined as she started grinding my poor aching prick and I heard them men standing either side of her with their pricks in their hands spurting their cum all over the floor. She was waning them furiously even as the two men fucking her bushy armpits were not slowing down. Turning her head sideways, she gripped the side of Shiraz’s cock with her lips like she would a flute. Then she moved her head up and down as his hands went to her hair, getting a good grip with each hand. She was an expert cocksucker and though her mouth could not take the other man’s cock her skills were impressive considering that Shiraz’ had a 13 inch prick. She sucked down a full six inches and her tongue flickered all over his cock, as she even lapped up the small amount of pre-cum.


Now that two of the men had slumped after cuming she motioned to the guy who had tried to dislodge the massive Shiraz from her mouth to put his dick between her tits. The brunette lifted her breasts up, and wrapped them around his cock as he moved his cock in her cleavage. I am sure his cock would have been touching the other two cocks, which were spearing her from either side through the forest of hair in her bushy armpits.


Shiraz closed his eyes and caressed Rehana’s face with his big hands as she inhaled his fat cock, working her tongue all over his shaft. He held Rehana down on his cock as he stood up, and started ramming her mouth with his big dick, face fucking her.  The ape man began fucking her a little harder, his fat cock buried all the way inside Rehana’s tight wet hairy snatch. The other man buried his cock between her tits and snuggled his cock back and forth, making her scream, which was muffled by the large prick in her mouth. She was in the throes of multiple orgasms as I was a spectator who was having the ride of his life. 


Rehana came again at once, lunging back against the my swollen rod and almost sobbing as Shiraz's cock slid in and out of her mouth. The ape-man was pounding her hard, slamming into her. Shiraz suddenly pushed his hips up hard into her face and I knew he was going to come. She deep throated him and then I could see the ape-man stiffen and thrust hard once, and suddenly her pussy was being flooded with hot jism. The two men fucking her hairy armpits to were straining to hold back and soon both men were cuming, almost at the same time, and I could see she loved it.


Now there were only two of us Shiraz fucking her mouth and me below her as I moved into her wet hairy pussy vacated by the ape-man. There were gallons of cum all around us and streaming down from the jet-black hair in her bushy underarms too. My biceps tensed and my hands went red clutching Rehana's cum filled hairy armpits. She rode me in long strides, taking me deeply inside and then sliding all but the head out. Her breathing grew frantic once again. Her eyes watered, sending stray trails down her cheeks as Shiraz thrust his large penis wildly in and out of her mouth. She made low gasping and grunting noises as her body tensed and then stiffened totally. I felt a rush of warmth engulf his penis as Rehana involuntarily screeched in release. She literally didn't have control over her body. 

Shiraz was now like an animal. Hands all over me. Pulling her hair and squeezing breasts he fucked her mouth and then I could not hold back. I was already coming, one of those long ones as spurt after spurt blasting deep into her. She fell back onto me as I was spent, exhausted from the intensity. Shiraz announced he was cumming and Rehana wife let out a long, low moan as his cum filled her mouth, just as she had hoped. She swallowed several times, not letting a drop slip out past her lips. That did it for me, and I filled her pussy for the second time. 

What Shakira was upto was difficult to comprehend as I was completely drained? The magnificent seven had been overcome with the last barrier the massive 13 incher of Shiraz laid to rest.