 This is a continued edition to my first roommate experience. A male roommate who was the beginning of my sexual adventure. These are factual events of my experiences. They may not be in chronological order but they happened.

***

Its Tuesday night, 9pm and I'm coming home from the gym. As I pull into the driveway, I see 3 Harleys parked in front of the house. I wonder if its a card game or just a couple of Jay's friends stopping in for a beer. I then notice my friend Lea's car parked across the street. I can only imagine whats going on.

As I go in I see Jay's friends, Gary and Bud sitting at the kitchen table talking. They smile and say hi. 

I ask, "Whats going on?"

Gary says, "They are in Jay's room."

"OK" and I head up the stairs to Jay's bedroom.

I hear my friend Lea moaning and guys voices. I open the door and I see naked Lea on the bed, face down ass up. Jay is kneeling by her head with his cock in her mouth. Lenny is fucking her from behind. I'm surprised to see Lea doing this. She is shy and not as adventurous as I am. I'm also wondering why she is here on a Tuesday night. Its out of the norm.

"What the fuck, Lea?" I say with a smile.

Lea looks up at me and mumbles something but its hard to understand her with a cock in her mouth. Jay asks me to strip and get his rope from the closet. 

"I can't believe Lea is fucking this guy." I say as I take off my cloths. 

In Jay's closet is a bag if kinky tricks. Paddles, floggers, dildos, butt plugs, blind folds and rope. I grab two bundles of rope and hand it to Jay. He tells me to climb up on the bed with my back to him. I do as I'm asked. Jay then pulls my hands behind my back and begins to tie my wrists together. He pulls the rope up and over my shoulders bringing my arms up to the middle of my back. Its tight. 

Jay then ropes my ankles to the bed posts on each side to keep my legs wide. He pushes my face down on the bed and tells me to stay. I reply, "Yes Sir." He then goes back to the closet and pulls out a butt plug. Comes back to me and begins to lick my ass. His wet tongue is penetrating my asshole. I'm beginning to feel the submissive side of me open up. I am wanting to do whatever Sir wants. I love this feeling of submissive space. He begins to fuck my ass with the tip of the butt plug pushing it in a little more with each push. Finally I feel it slip in completely. Jay leaves me like this on the edge of the bed. He goes back to Lea who is now on her back and getting fucked by Bud while Gary is fucking her mouth.

She is enjoying it. I hear her moans and know she is cumming. I look up to watch her get fucked. I am so turned on by it that I begin to have a mini cum wave over me. My body throbs as my pussy leaks cum on to the bed. Jay is talking to Lea about what a good girl she is and doing what is expected of her. "You are such a good little slut, Lea. You are giving pleasure to my friends and being used as they want." She is moaning something with a cock in her mouth. She begins to cum again as Bud shouts out, "I'm cumming in the little slut." Bud grunts and cums in her. She is obviously cumming hard.

As he pulls his hard cock from her pussy, cum begins to drip from her. There is a small puddle of cum on the bed under her.

Jay grabs me by my hair and pulls my face to the puddle. "Clean that up, Slut." 

Eagerly I say, "Yes Sir." 

I licked and sucked up the cum from the sheets. I then begin to lick Lea's ass and pussy. I'm swallowing the cum from her pussy which tastes so good. I'm totally in my slut zone.

I'm then pulled back out of the way and Gary mounts Lea and bareback fucks her cummy pussy. 

As I'm bound and face down, I feel fingers in my pussy. I look back to see Lenny playing with me. Jay is sitting back watching the show as he strokes his cock. Lenny begins to slide his cock into my pussy. He begins to fuck me when Jay stops him. "Lenny, No barebacking my number 1 slut. She is my cumslut. Not yours." 

Lenny replies to him; "Really?! Whats the difference?"

"She is my private stock. Thats it. If you want to cum in a slut, cum in number 2 slut." Jay then stood up and handed him a condom. Lenny pulled out, put it on and continued fucking me. 

Lenny is older. About 40 and has a rather small cock but he fucks fast and hard. I like it that way. I feel myself building up an orgasm. He begins to moan louder. He pulls my head up by my hair and is really slamming into me now. I start to cum. I'm yelling how good it feels. Being bound down to the bed getting fucked by my Sir's friend has an effect on me. I love it. 

I feel Lenny tense up as he begins to cum. His strokes are less as he slows down. He smacks my ass and says, "Thats fucking hot, you slut." He pulls out of me and walks out of the room. 

I'm still face down, ass up bound to the bed. I notice Gary is done fucking Lea. Her pussy is dripping cum. She is moaning how much she wants more fucking. Jay says to me, "Clean that up, girl." Lea moves down to me so I can lick her clean. I'm enjoying her sloppy cunt as Bud begins to slide his cock in me from behind. He is not real hard but firm enough to fuck.

Jay pulls Lea up in a dog position. Slide his hard cock into her pussy. It makes a squish sound and I can see cum pushing out as he pushes deep into her. She moans, "I want more cock." Jay tells her that he is going to take her ass. 

I know Lea has never taken it in the ass. She is like, "No way am I ever doing that." But Jay pulls out of her pussy and begins to slowly push against her asshole. I can see how wet it is from the cum dripping out of her pussy. Her ass begins to take the head of his thick cock. She is just moaning and waiting for more. Jay stops and plays with her clit. His fingers sliding over her pussy. She begins to push back on him and takes about half of his cock in her ass. Jay's cock is pretty wide yet Lea is taking it like a champ.

Just then I realize Bud is bareback and fucking me. I ask him to pull out fast. He stops and asks, "Whats wrong?"

I tell him he needs a condom to fuck me. Jay tells him to back out of me. He does and moves around to my face . He grabs my head and pushes his wet cock into my mouth. He begins to deep throat me. I like it to moan as he fucks my throat. I like the sound it makes.

I can't see it but I hear Lea tell Jay to fuck her ass harder. He tells her he is balls deep in her. I begin to hear his hips slapping against her ass. He really must be giving it to her.

I think Lea is totally in a submissive state of mind doing different guys at once like this and taking it in her ass. She always said she would never ass fuck. Yet here she is, a small body size 2 and weighs like, 105 lbs, giving it all up.

Bud pulls out of my mouth and is jerking off . He tells me to open my mouth. A minute later he shoots cum on my face, mouth and in my hair. It feels warm as it runs down my face. He lays back resting. I move up enough to suck his limp cock clean. He tells me what a good girl I am as he pats the top of my head. 

He then says, "Well, I'm out. Got to get home to the wife." He dresses and walks out. I'm still bound to the bed as Jay is still fucking Lea's ass. She is totally into it. She squirted and came a couple times. I have to say, the bed is a mess.

Lea says she can feel him throbbing hard in her ass. Jay softly says, "I'm shooting my cum in your ass. Deep in your sexy little ass." 

He lays his upper body over her back for a moment then pulls his cock out of her ass. I was amazed by how open her ass was after he pulled out. Cum began to pour out of her gaping ass. Jay gabbed his cell phone and took a picture of her ass so he could later show her how open it was.

I heard the motorcycles start up and leave. I guess every one is gone. Jay began to untie me. He told me to keep the butt plug in till we shower. Lea just laid out across the bed with a big smile on her face. She said that she was totally fucked and full of cum.

I asked her, "How did you get caught up in this?" She said she was horny and needed to get fucked. "I called Jay and asked if I could come over and fuck him. He said come on over. By the time I got here, there were 3 guys hanging out with Jay."

Jay then said, "I told her to get naked and walk up the steps to my room so we can see her sexy ass and she did." 

She said that Jay came up to the room and undressed. He had her suck his cock and thats when one of the other guys came up and sat down to watch.

Jay told her that if she was horny enough, she can fuck his friend too.

She said, "The idea got me really turned on. Here I'm sucking Jay's cock in front of this guy while I'm naked. I don't know why, but I said Yes to it all."

Jay went down to get a Jack Daniels on the rocks as we got the shower ready. Lea and I start washing each other. I love the feeling of a soapy body sliding my hands all over her. I am washing her ass and my finger slips right in her hole with no resistance. I then slip another one in and its so easy. I tell her how open her ass still is and she says, "I can't feel anything. Its numb."

She soaps me up and we play with each other till Jay joins us. She takes his back and I have his front. We soap him up and run our hands over his slippery body. Jay's cock is standing straight up at this point and I'm jerking him off. He tells Lea to move in front of him, "Take my cock and push it in your ass."

She does this with ease. He slides in her deep. She leans forward into me and we kiss as Jay fucks her ass. I reach down and finger her clit. Her breathing is heavy and she is moaning. Her body trembles as she starts to cum. Jay pulls out of her ass and shoots his cum on her back. 

I take hold of his cock and finish stroking him off. I soap it up and rinse it off. I kissed the head and then washed off Lea's back. 

Lea got out of the shower first to dry off. Jay told me to bend over. He slowly pulled the butt plug from my ass saying my ass will be fucked next time. We kiss deeply and finish up.

After drying off, Lea left for home. Jay and I changed the sheets on his bed. He asked me to sleep with him that night. Its not often we do that. I loved that night. He held me close all night. There is such a feeling of security when a strong man's arms are wrapped around you.

The next morning over coffee, I asked Jay why he let the guys cum in Lea and not in me. He said, "She once told me she was on birth control and wanted a full on gang bang with no condoms. So, I made it happen."

He then told me, "You are my ultimate dream. You are super smart, a beautiful adventurous lady and the total image of my dream girl. I love how we are together. I'll share you for our pleasure but not all of you." 

Then he said something that floored me, "You belong to me, baby." 

My heart sunk. All I could say was, " I love that. I'm yours."