 Author's Note: 

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without the written permission of the author. This story may be freely distributed with this notice attached, as long as no charge is made for it and it isn't changed in any way. If it is archived or displayed, it is done so with the understanding that the author will have unrestricted access to the archive or posting. Additional stories can be found at www.literotica.com. Just go to the Stories section, select Indexed By Author, and look for Bob Peale. While you're at it, check out some of the other great stories posted by other authors! 

Please address all feedback, inquiries, marriage proposals, etc. to the author at mischief1@bigfoot.com. 

Disclaimer: 

This story is a work fiction. None of the characters or events herein are based on real people, either living or dead. It was produced for the entertainment of ADULTS ONLY, and contains descriptions of explicit sex. If you are not an adult, or if reading stories of a sexual nature upsets you, do not read any further! By reading further, you certify that you have accessed/requested access to this material willfully, and that you are an adult 21 years of age or older. You also certify that you are NOT a city, county, state, or federal law enforcement officer, official of the United States Postal Service, acting in the capacity of a representative of a telecommunications firm, and that, to your knowledge, this material does not offend the standards in your area, nor is it in violation of any of local, state, or federal law. 

No animals were harmed in the manufacture of this product.

*******

Lost in the sensation of having her ass finger fucked, she nearly collapsed when she felt a finger, blunt and impossibly thick, spread her dampened mound wide and work its way inside. She muttered incoherently, trying pitifully to protest even as she grew wetter. These were strangers, this man was not her husband, and she shouldn't be touched like this, but God it felt wonderful! She swore Phil's finger was almost as thick as Joe, and his thumb was fucking her as well as she imagined any cock could. Her nipples were hard as marbles; she wanted to reach up and stroke them, to squeeze them, but it was all she could do to keep from falling over as it is. She opened her mouth to plead that someone, anyone, help her out, but the hand covering her mouth stayed firmly planted across it, muffling all sound.

When Phil started to maneuver a second finger in with the first Dawn whimpered. After all, she was a small woman, and the one finger in her pussy, given its dimensions, was more than enough to satisfy her. There was no way, she thought, that she would ever be able to accept two of them in the same hole! Much like her ass, initially all she felt was pain. Remarkably, with only about half of the second finger worked in, she really started to juice, and the second finger slid all the way in; Phil was in effect now holding her like he would a bowling ball.

"Way to go, Phil!" someone cheered.

"Hey, I think she's getting off!" added another.

Encouraged, Phil pumped all three fingers in and out of her holes, the slurping sounds drowning out everything for Dawn, even the movie playing up on the wall. She lowered her head and chest to the floor, arching as her enflamed nipples made contact with the hard surface through the rough cotton of her shirt, and opening her ass and pussy even wider for Phil to do as he pleased. She heard a strange voice beg him to go faster, and it was several seconds before she realized that it belonged to her. The urgency, the raw lust, surprised her, but she was grateful when he complied. Her orgasm snuck up on her, its intensity so bone rattling that she cried out as if she'd been struck. Mercifully, Phil held his fingers still, only withdrawing them once her muscles had stopped twitching.

"Mmm, mmm good," he laughed, licking his fingers.

The crowd dispersed, leaving her sprawled on the floor of the lounge. When she could muster the strength she rose shakily to her feet, looking around embarrassedly. If anyone had been paying attention, they gave no indication. In fact, the atmosphere had changed considerably since she'd first gotten down on her knees. In the other lanes people were performing similar if not more explicit sexual acts than the one Dawn had just participated in. Up on the wall, the tenor of the movie had also changed. The scene unfolding was overtly bisexual, centering around two guys, a girl, and a hot tub.

"All right everyone," Sara's voice cut in, "we're going into the last frame. That means that the losers automatically strip down to nothing AND THEN the winner gets to chose their punishment."

Dawn's stomach did a somersault. She was on a collision course with total embarrassment. Getting violated in front of everyone was bad, but at least she'd still had most of her clothes. She didn't want to be NAKED in front of these people. The first to fall was Ray, who only had his boxers left anyway. It had been neck and neck for a while, but it seems that after Phil finished fingering Dawn, Ray pretty much lost his concentration. He proudly removed his shorts, although it didn't appear that that there was anything noteworthy below the belt. His cock was limp, but it looked like it was around the same size as her husband's, and his legs were as thin and wiry as his arms and chest. His pubic hair was sparse and the same dirty brown color as his greasy ponytail. The only thing that piqued her interest were his balls; they were large and round, more plum sized where she was used to them looking more like ping pong balls.

"Well Ray, you know the drill," Stan said pointedly.

Ray nodded sheepishly. Whatever "the drill" was, it embarrassed him, which definitely grabbed Dawn's attention. Ray dropped clumsily to his knees, spreading them wide and resting his ass on his heels in what looked like an uncomfortable position. Head bowed, he fondled his cock until it was hard, jutting out angrily in front of him. 

Dawn realized she'd been wrong; his cock was definitely noteworthy, the head thick and long, the shaft a good 6". Unconsciously she licked her lips. The group chanted something low and unintelligible, which spurred him on and he increased his pace. Looking around, Dawn saw that almost everyone in the room had gathered around to watch poor Ray, who was breathing hard now, his bony chest rising and falling with every stroke. He grabbed at his cock violently, pulling it so hard Dawn was certain he'd break or bruise something, and his eyes were shut so tightly that red splotches dotted his cheeks and forehead, but the look on Ray's face was pure bliss. 

With a final, quick pump he fell back, his legs bending at an angle usually reserved for cheerleaders and gymnasts. His cock released a literal geyser of cum, thick creamy stream after thick creamy stream, his fists pounding the floor with each eruption. Dawn looked on in awe as it poured out for close to two minutes, arcing back and splattering his face, neck and torso as the crowd cheered. As it subsided his angry cock softened slightly, drooping forward but still oozing sperm on the floor in front of him. Someone tossed him a towel and Phil and Stan helped him into a seat.

Sara lost to Rick and pulled off her shirt, bra and panties even before the pins had been cleared away. She had a nice body, curvy where it should be, even a little flabby in some places, with large generous breasts and blonde, wispy pubic hair. Her nipples hardened, excited at the thought of performing for the crowd. Rick gestured over to the carpet (which was still wet from Ray's performance) and Sara grimaced but lowered herself onto the floor; refusal to submit to a punishment was grounds for expulsion from the league. When she was in position Rick kneeled between her legs and roughly rubbed her clit for a few minutes. Despite the lack of finesse it had the desired effect, and soon she was moaning and writhing on the floor. He grabbed a bowling pin from under the seat, unceremoniously spit on the head, and placed it between her legs. Without thinking she raised her hips to meet it then cried out as he forced it in her. Her eyes rolled up in her head as it slid in to the point where it widened severely. She undulated seductively with each thrust, moaning louder as the wooden pin split her wide. Paula reached down and rubbed her clit again, and Sara's mouth opened in a silent scream. The other women looked on with envy.

Through nothing short of divine intervention, Dawn actually won her last frame. Not one to look a gift horse in the mouth, she was prepared to let Linda off easy; however, Linda was clearly irritated at having missed the opportunity to get the best of Dawn, and it showed. She peeled her leggings of with deliberate slowness, revealing well-muscled legs, the product of endless hours of aerobics. Her pubic hair, matted with arousal, was auburn, fine and curly, thickly covering her pussy. She stood defiantly with her hands on her hips and her legs parted, as if daring Dawn to take her best shot.

"Okay," Dawn said, meeting the challenge. "Linda, why don't you clean the bowling pin off with your mouth and tongue?"

A collective gasp escaped from the group, followed close by with whoops and hollers. Linda nodded her head and smiled slightly, proud of her little protégé for rising to the occasion. She wrinkled her nose in distaste but motioned for the pin. Dawn withdrew it from between Sara's legs and handed the wide end to Linda. The other woman took a deep breath, and gently, almost lovingly, began licking the head and sides of the pin. When it was well coated with saliva she tried to swallow it, but her mouth could not stretch over the widest part of the head.

"Come on Linda," Rick called. "You've had bigger than that!" Everyone laughed, including Linda who threw the pin at him, striking his chest.

Phil and Paula were the last to go. Paula had fought valiantly, managing to squeak by on a few frames, and looked poised to win the final frame with two strikes and five pins. However, Phil was the best bowler in the group, and his final performance showed that he'd just been toying with her, bowling three consecutive strikes and burying her. Paula looked genuinely uncomfortable, even more so than Dawn figured she looked just before she was forced to give up her skirt. 

"She's only been playing with us a few weeks," Sara whispered. "She's never lost before. She's come close a few times, but no one's ever seen her totally naked. We paired her against Phil on purpose."

Like Dawn, she'd been left with her blouse, bra and panties (and she'd been smart enough to wear full sized panties, Dawn noted). She undressed to catcalls and stripper music hummed drunkenly, until she was naked before them. Dawn saw that her pussy was clean-shaven, with thick, inviting outer lips. She was thin, but not as skinny as Dawn, with enough of a curve between her waist and her hips to be considered attractive. The hair on her head was golden red, and her ice blue eyes were clouded with apprehension. Her breasts were about the same size as Dawn's, maybe a little bigger, but her aureoles were huge, easily as big around as the top of a spray can and took up half of the total surface area of her tits, with nipples as big as the tip of Dawn's pinky. It was not normally what Dawn would have thought of as attractive, but it was erotic.

"Now Paula, I've heard a rumor, and I want to see if it's true," Phil began.

"What?" she asked nervously.

"Lay down, right where Sara was," he commanded. He waited for her to get settled. "Sara, Rick, help her out. Give those titties a good workout."

The look on Paula's face told Phil that his source had been right. He'd heard from a few guys around the bar that little Paula had extra sensitive tits, so much so that you could make her cum just from sucking or playing with them. Sara and Rick got on their knees on either side of her and fastened their mouths over as much of the huge pink spot as they could. Rick was a little awkward, but Sara latched on with practiced ease. Poor Paula moaned loudly and shook her head from side to side.

"Oh God, please slow down! Be gentle! Oh God please!" she begged.

Rick and Sara removed their mouths and everyone could see that Paula's aureoles had darkened considerably, and her nipples were now almost as thick as Dawn's thumb. They caught a slight breeze and Paula moaned louder, this time begging Rick and Sara to start again. Rick covered her again but Sara decided that it might be more effective to softly nibble, making Paula scream with pleasure.

To Be Continued...