 Author's Note: 

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without the written permission of the author. This story may be freely distributed with this notice attached, as long as no charge is made for it and it isn't changed in any way. If it is archived or displayed, it is done so with the understanding that the author will have unrestricted access to the archive or posting. Additional stories can be found at www.literotica.com. Just go to the Stories section, select Indexed By Author, and look for Bob Peale. While you're at it, check out some of the other great stories posted by other authors! 

Please address all feedback, inquiries, marriage proposals, etc. to the author at mischief1@bigfoot.com. 

Disclaimer: 

This story is a work fiction. None of the characters or events herein are based on real people, either living or dead. It was produced for the entertainment of ADULTS ONLY, and contains descriptions of explicit sex. If you are not an adult, or if reading stories of a sexual nature upsets you, do not read any further! By reading further, you certify that you have accessed/requested access to this material willfully, and that you are an adult 21 years of age or older. You also certify that you are NOT a city, county, state, or federal law enforcement officer, official of the United States Postal Service, acting in the capacity of a representative of a telecommunications firm, and that, to your knowledge, this material does not offend the standards in your area, nor is it in violation of any of local, state, or federal law. 

No animals were harmed in the manufacture of this product.

*******

The truly amazing thing was that no one had gone anywhere near her crotch. Dawn had heard of women that could cum from other things, but she couldn't imagine how. Both people were now kissing and sucking on Paula's breasts, causing her to hump the air. With a flourish Sara attacked Paula's nipple with her tongue, running it roughly over it as fast as she could. Sensing the effect, Rick followed suit and soon Paula was whimpering, begging them to have mercy, to let her cum. At some point she'd tried to grab her own tits and they'd grabbed her hands, holding them to the floor to prevent her from hurrying them along. Her pussy was slick with moisture, clear evidence of how good a job Rick and Sara were doing.

Sara looked up, caught Rick's eye, and mouthed the words "Follow Me". In a movement so quick it caught everyone by surprise she sat up, still holding Paula's arm to the floor, and pinched Paula's nipple between her thumb and forefinger. A second later Rick did the same and Paula's hips raised six inches off the ground, her legs opening and closing rapidly as she started to cum. Her eyes squeezed so tight small tears trickled out of the corner. They continued to squeeze softly until she lay spent.

Shortly thereafter the lights came up and the movie shut off. Dawn saw that more than half of the people were naked, and there were wet spots EVERYWHERE. Some women definitely had cum on their bodies, as well as some of the guys. Instinctively, she reached for her skirt, stockings and shoes, but Phil put a restraining hand on her arm.

"It's customary to wait until after the winners are announced," he said simply.

She sat back against the bench. She'd forgotten all about the team competition. As people scurried back to their seats and porters cleaned up the collective mess from the night's activities, Dawn mentally tried to tally the two teams' scores. She guessed that if they won, they'd choose Paula, arguably the second best bowler in the group. Likewise, if Linda's team won, there was no doubt that Phil would be their man. 

A man in denim overalls made his way down the alley, collecting a piece of paper from each group. Once he had them all, he took his place in front of the five groups and called out the winner of each match along with the player they had selected. When he got to their group she was disappointed to hear that Linda's team had won, and surprised to hear that she had been selected.

All five "selectees", three men and two women, were asked to join the man in the front. Two of the men and the other woman were totally naked, evidence that they had lost their final frame. Now she was really confused: if they hadn't been picked for their ability, what then? She pondered this while the announcer thanked the losing teams for making the night a success, and then invited the five of them to join their new teams. Linda, Ray, Phil and Sara stood around bullshitting until the others left, totally ignoring Dawn for the time being. Finally the last of the losing teams left and Sara came over and put her hands on Dawn's waist.

"I'll be honest, I didn't expect to be chosen," Dawn said frankly.

"Are you kidding? After that performance with Phil, you were a shoe in!" Sara replied, giving her a squeeze.

The other woman's touch had an intensity that was unsettling. In the back of her mind she thought she got it's meaning, but her conscious self wouldn't acknowledge it.

"What?" she croaked. "What did that have to do with anything?"

"Dawn, honey," Linda said, coming up behind her and hooking her fingers in the waistband of her thong. "This isn't about who bowled the best; it's about who we want to fuck."

Dawn stood stunned as Linda slipped her panties down over her hips, stepping out of them woodenly. Fuck? These people wanted to have sex with her? It was bad enough that she'd let a strange man touch her that way, but she didn't know if she could have sex with anyone. That was cheating!

She felt Sara unbutton her shirt and push it down over her shoulders, surprised at the coolness of the air on her breasts as it fell away. Her nipples ached from the combination of stimulation and arousal, and Dawn's mouth fell open in noticeable appreciation as she watched Phil stripped. His black crew cut, light blue eyes and strong jaw made him ruggedly attractive, but his body literally made her wet. His chest and biceps looked like chiseled marble, but in the raw sort of way that muscles look when they are gained from honest hard work rather than designer gyms and fad approaches. His skin was pinkish, already months since it had last felt hot sun, and his nipples were hard red points, an even dusting of jet black hair covering his chest, then narrowing to a thin trail that creased his midsection before flaring into a triangle at his crotch. Against the darkness of his pubic hair his cock hung prominently, a good six or so inches long and as thick Joe's was hard (even though Phil was still flaccid). Between his muscled legs a nice set of balls swayed invitingly as he walked toward her, evoking involuntary twinges from her already throbbing nipples.

"Looks like Phil has a new best friend," Sara teased as she maneuvered Dawn down on her hands and knees. "Don't worry," she said in a conspiratorial whisper, "Phil likes 'em small. Says they're louder."

The feel of something wet and warm against her labia sent an electric jolt through Dawn's whole body, only to be followed by another as she realized that another woman had her mouth down there. Her mind rebelled against the thought, even as she spread her legs wider to give Sara better access. Sara rewarded her by licking faster, teasing her outer lips with small darting motions. Dawn's face flushed as she heard herself moan with pleasure. Sara let her tongue wander down to Dawn's asshole. She groaned and raised her hips, losing herself in the new sensation. No one had ever licked her down there and it felt so good she was having trouble breathing, but she'd sooner die than end it. A puddle had formed under her and she wasn't sure how much was her doing and how much was from Sara. Instinctively she tried to force more of Sara's tongue into her asshole, even as Linda positioned herself so that her crotch was just under her face. Linda spread her lips with one hand, offering it to Dawn, who shook her head lazily. She didn't even do that for Joe!

Behind her, Sara dropped on her back, slid between her legs, and began licking her pussy from below. Dawn whimpered and tried to drop her crotch on the other woman's face, but Sara managed to hold her at a distance by her hips so that she could continue to tease her. While Dawn was distracted trying desperately to improve her contact with Sara's tongue, Phil straddled Sara and positioned his cock at the entrance to Dawn's pussy. He was at his full length, an impressive 10", and could barely close his hand around the huge club. As Sara continued to drag her tongue across the edges of Dawn's pussy, Phil rubbed the swollen head of his cock along her slit. Dawn's teeth chattered in anticipation of what might happen next. She tried to turn her head to confirm what had been positioned between her legs but Linda grabbed it firmly between her hands.

"Uh uh, dear. Eyes front," Linda chided.

"Oh goodness Linda, he can't, I mean I shouldn't, I mean..." Dawn babbled.

"Dawn honey, shut up and lick," she commanded, pulling her face down. 

Dawn resisted momentarily then Linda felt the first tentative licks, followed by a guttural moan as Phil worked his cock head into her. Sara licked the spot where his cock entered Dawn's pussy, making her moan louder. He and Sara worked on Dawn's pussy until he was in up to the ridge. When it felt like she had stretched enough to accommodate him he pulled his cock all the way out.

"Oh Jesus, no!" she howled.

"Show me how bad you want him," Linda demanded, spreading her legs.

Dawn buried her head between Linda's legs, licking and sucking with abandon, using her nose, her chin, her teeth, her tongue, anything to bring pleasure to her. The smell of Linda's sex was so strong that Dawn felt lightheaded yet she continued, willing to do anything to feel Phil in her again. He finally took pity on her and reinserted his cock. She was so wet and stretched now that he was able to get about halfway in before he met any resistance. She felt stretched to her limit, unable to imagine ever having anything so big in her again. He was patient, moving forward slowly enough to let her adjust to him, Sara helping out by licking her constantly.

By the time Phil's heavy balls slapped against her ass all four of them were dripping with sweat and sex. Joe was a distant memory, something she knew she'd have to handle later but not an immediate concern. Her breath was ragged as she slurped and licked at Linda's pussy like she was starving and it was the best meal she'd ever tasted, while Phil made it his business to ram his cock into her as hard as he could manage. He was so big and thick that her pussy actually stung from the impact, but Sara's loving licks and kisses went a long way toward soothing her.

At the first sign of her impending orgasm Phil pulled out, leaving her pussy a wet dripping gap. She howled in anger and frustration as he pushed her aside and rammed his cock into Linda all the way up to his pubic hair in one strong stroke. Linda screamed with pleasure and scissored her legs around his waist, pulling him close and holding him there, forcing him to take short powerful strokes that drove his cock deep into her. It didn't take Linda long to cum under normal circumstances, but tonight's antics had shortened her fuse considerably. She clawed and beat at his back as she came, clinging to his cock with her pussy, feeling every ridge and contour pulse inside her.

Meanwhile Sara had taken charge of Dawn, moving her around until the two women were locked in an embrace, Sara on top, their erect nipples roughly rubbing against each other, their sopping wet pussies grinding as Dawn sought relief from the erotic pressure that had built to fever pitch. Phil pulled out of Linda and shoved as much of his cock as he could into Sara's pussy. Although she was more than willing, her body wasn't as equipped as Linda's to readily take something so large, and it took Phil a little work before she was fully impaled on his cock. The feeling of Phil's monster cock working it's way in and out of Sara's pussy was driving Dawn wild, and she reached under and fingered herself as Sara approached orgasm. Phil, well overdo, let out a roar as he emptied his load into Sara. This caused Sara to mash her pussy against Dawn's, partly to get away from the torrent of cum that Phil was releasing and partly because her own orgasm had been triggered and the motion was involuntary. The effect was to trap Dawn's hand between her, pinning it, and preventing her yet again from cumming. The three of them lay stacked on one another, pumping and leaking, as nature ran its course.

Sara and Phil finally rolled off of her and Dawn crawled wobbly over to the lounge. She needed to cum so bad she could barely see straight. She fumbled around on the floor looking for the bowling pin Sara had used when her hand came down on a human foot. She jumped to her feet.

"I was wondering when you'd remember me," Ray slurred.

Dawn had actually thought Ray was done for the night. He'd seemed catatonic since his performance, but unbeknownst to any of them he'd just been sitting here patiently sipping scotch, waiting his turn. He pulled her to him with surprising speed, spinning her around so that her back was to him. Deftly he pulled her onto his lap, his cock sliding easily in her after the pounding she'd taken from Phil coupled with the wetness that came from close to an hour of constant stimulation. His rough hands pawed at her tits, the nipples two hot points that she pressed into his palms, aching for his touch.

Dawn moved up and down on him for several minutes, feeling her orgasm start to build again and her pussy getting wetter and wetter. She gyrated her hips feverishly, trying as hard to make him cum as she was trying to cum herself. Without warning he reached under her, lifting her easily and spreading her ass cheeks wide. Smoothly he lowered her vulnerable asshole down onto the tip of his cock, shoving a good 2" in before she could twist away. Ray wasn't much thicker than Joe, but he was a lot bigger than her finger, which up until now was the only thing that had been in her ass. She tried to plant her feet on either side of him to slow his progress but she couldn't quite reach the bench. In very little time her ass cheeks were seated firmly against his lap, his cock buried all the way in.

"Please wait a minute," she panted. "It's so big; I just need a minute to get used to it."

Under her, Ray grunted and held still until he felt her asshole squeeze him, signaling him to proceed. He really wasn't in any position to thrust so he lifted her up slightly and let her drop back onto his lap, forcing the breath out of her each time they connected. Sara crawled in front of them, placing one of Dawn's legs over each of her shoulders and sucked Dawn's protruding clit between her teeth.

"Oh fuck me!" Dawn moaned through gritted teeth, clenching her ass even tighter around Ray's cock.

Ray grabbed hold of Dawn's ass tighter and started slamming her on him hard, forcing his cock deep, while Sara teased Dawn's trapped clit with her tongue and worked two fingers in and out of her dripping slit. In desperation Dawn reached up and tugged on her own swollen nipples. Her body began shaking violently, as if she were having a seizure. She felt all of the air rush out of her lungs as the orgasm took hold, spasms gripping her ass and pussy in alternating succession. Her convulsions brought Ray off soon after, the first splash of warm cum soaking her bowels, and she shivered as the thought of how much he'd cum earlier caused her to cum again. Miraculously he was able to keep pumping her up and down on his cock even as he shot deep inside her, the sloppy wet sounds of sex growing louder as semen filled her ass, spilled out, and ran down their legs into a puddle under the bench. She came a total of four times before he finally pulled her free of his cock.

They were the last group to clean up and clear out. Making their way out to the parking lot each of them wore the look of tired satisfaction that comes from a good workout. Dawn lowered herself gingerly into Linda's car, her ass and pussy sore from evening's festivities, and slept the whole ride home. At her house, Linda shook her softly until she woke up, then slipped a finger under her skirt and stroked her still sensitive clit.

"I was wondering if maybe you were up for a nightcap?" she asked impishly.

End!