 Chapter Four::: Nikole and Leah's Camping Trip

Two weeks had passed since Leah's visit with Dr. Lincoln. Her pussy was all better now. In fact, she hadn't been laid since that fateful day. She was soooo horny. This was the longest she had gone without sex since she had lost her virginity. "Ohhh Nikki, you are in sooo much trouble," she said under her breath as she got everything stuffed into her backpack for the camping trip. Leah couldn't stop grinning. For some reason, Nikole had been acting a somewhat standoffish, and Leah was wondering if she was feeling a little embarrassed by that passionate night they had shared two weeks ago. She was eager to get Nikole back into the mood again... for the past fourteen days, Leah could think of nothing else but fucking her.

Leah tossed the sleeping bags, tent, ice chest, and the rest of the camping gear into the back of the car along with her backpack. She liked to pack light... and she knew that Nikole would have her own supplies as well. As she drove over to Nikole's, she was so grateful for her B in Biology... if she hadn't have fucked Mr. Morton and improved her grade, she wouldn't be going off on this camping trip with Nikole. Her parents would have had a shit fit. It was barely morning when Leah pulled up at Nikole's. A couple of minutes passed, and Nikki came out of the house, carrying her belongings for the camping trip. "What's wrong?" Leah asked, seeing the expression her face.

"Nothing," Nikole said, throwing her belongings into the backseat.

"Don't tell me that," Leah said, as they got into the car, and she started the engine. "You have been avoiding me for 2 wks. Something has been bothering you, Nikki. You can't hide anything from me. You better just tell me what it is. Are you feeling embarrassed or upset by what happened between us that night?"

Nikole looked at Leah. "No," she whispered. "Its not that... well, not really."

"Okay, then what is it?" Leah demanded, as she backed up the car. "You better start talking."

"I'm sorry, Leah," said Nikole. "But I don't think I can sleep with you again..."

"What?!" Leah gasped, thinking she wasn't hearing Nikki correctly. "But Nikki, you loved it!!!"

Nikole felt tears sting her eyes but she was determined not to cry. "It wasn't just sex to me, Leah," she said, looking away and staring out the car window.

"It wasn't just sex to me either," Leah said, meaning every word... Somehow though, she had the feeling she wasn't convincing Nikki. Neither of them said another word as they drove to the campground.

The campground was located on the top of a hill very close to the river. It was a truly beautiful place surrounded by many tall, shady trees. Leah knew this was Nikole's favorite place, but she didn't look too happy to be here. In fact, she looked rather tragic, staring out the window and not saying a word.

"Come on, Nikki. Don't be so sad," Leah said. "We've have been planning this camping trip for weeks now. It's just you and me... and I promise, I won't try anything.... not unless you want me to."

Nikole turned, looking into Leah's eyes. Her heart skipped a beat. "Just you and me?"

"Of course. No one else is here at the camp. And that's the point of this trip... you and me, alone... spending quality time together."

Nikole smiled. She really liked the sound of that... having Leah all to herself with no one coming between them. After she and Nikole had become lovers, she didn't like the thought of Leah sneaking off to be with anyone else. It had really upset her when she discovered Leah had slept with Mr. Morton mere hours after being with her. Lord knows how many other guys Leah had fucked since then. Nikole was certain Dr. Lincoln probably fucked her.... With a deep sigh, Nikole got out of the car, trying her best not to think about Leah's wild sexcapades. "Should we set our tent up here, under this huge tree?" Nikki asked.

"Uh huh, I think that's a wonderful idea," said Leah, getting the tent out of the car and pulling out the instructions so she could start setting it up. As she was doing so, she was anxious for it to become dark, so she could cuddle with Nikole inside the tent. She knew it wouldn't take much to get Nikki in the mood again. She was certain Nikki wanted her just as much as she wanted Nikki.

"What did you pack for us to eat?" Nikole asked, as she was helping Leah get the tent set up.

"Well, Nikki, you are number one on my menu," Leah thought to herself, but she held her tongue, and started naming off all the food items she had packed for their camping trip. Nikole smiled because everything sounded great. "Tonight we can tell ghost stories...." Nikki suggested, smiling as the tent was now ready for them. It was kind of small, but very cozy.

"That should be interesting," Leah laughed. "I hope you don't get scared, Nikki. You always have a tendency to get really freaked out...."

Nikole smiled. "I am just so excited, Leah. I get to spend two whole days alone with you...."

"Uh huh....." Leah said with a grin. "And we aren't going to just tell ghost stories tonight, and you know it...."

Nikole blushed a little, her heart starting to pound. Leah laughed seeing her expression. "I knew it... you want me!" she exclaimed happily.

"Yes, I do," Nikole admitted, grinning sheepishly. "I have been thinking of little else... since last time."

"Well, who says we have to wait till it gets dark," said Leah, taking Nikki's hand into hers. "Let's go set up our sleeping bags, Nikki... you wanna?"

Nikole hesitated a second, then placed her hand into Leah's. "Okay," she agreed with a slight smile, following Leah into the tent. Once inside, it was fairly dark, due to the shade of the tree and the dark fabric of the tent. Leah began spreading out the sleeping bags so it was nice and cozy. "Ohhhh I like this...." Nikole said, laying down and staring up at the rays of sunlight coming in thru the top of the tent. It was very peaceful here, with only the sound of the birds singing and the rushing water from the nearby river.

"Mmmmm... yes it is," Leah agreed, laying down next to Nikki and softly caressing her hair. "I'm glad you aren't mad at me anymore, Nik."

"I wasn't mad.... I just thought you didn't care very much... that I was just another one of your conquests."

"You will never be just one of my conquests. I care too much. In fact, I think you are the only one I have ever slept with that I truly cared about... with all my heart."

"Really???" Nikki gasped. "You mean it?"

"Uh-huh, I mean it, Nikki," Leah whispered, drifting closer and sliding a hand under Nikole's top. She got a big grin on her face when she discovered Nikki hadn't worn a bra on this little adventure.

"My sweet little Nikki isn't wearing a bra," Leah teased, softly pinching Nikole's nipples and watching the expression of passion upon her face. "How about panties? Did you conveniently forget to wear those, too?"

"Maybe," Nikole giggled. "You're just gonna have to check... and find out."

"Hmmmm...." Leah said, looking into Nikole's eyes. "I can't wait to find out." As she spoke, she slid her hand down Nikole's jeans, searching.

"What have we here?" she gasped, her hand making contact with Nikki's silken panties and the warmth of her flesh. "It seems you did remember your panties, Nikki."

Nikole laughed. "You're disappointed?"

"No... it will be fun to take them off..."

All conversation stopped when Leah began hungrily kissing Nikole. Their tongues twined together with need and fierce passion. Leah pulled Nikole on top of her as the kiss got hotter and hotter.

As Leah's tongue teased Nikole's, she began taking Nikki's clothes off piece by piece. Soon Nikki was completely naked. Leah stopped the kiss, gazing into Nikole's eyes as her hands slid down Nikki's body caressing her with passion and tenderness. "Leah," Nikki whispered, closing her eyes as Leah pulled Nikki down to her, closing her lips around a dark-pink nipple, tasting it. Her lips then moved to the other nipple, as she gently scraped her teeth over the aroused peaks.

"Ohhhh Leah... I want you so much...." Nikole gasped, feeling Leah's wicked tongue swirling wildly around her nipple. Nikole let out a strangled sound of passion. Leah became instantly wet hearing her little moans.

"I want to lick you everywhere," said Leah, rolling Nikki over into the cushiony sleeping bags and sliding her mouth down her naked body. She began kissing and licking Nikki's tummy.

"Ohhhh yessss... that feels soooo good," Nikole cried out, running her fingers thru Leah's soft hair.

Leah then slid down between Nikole's legs, gently pushing them apart. "Mmmmm... Nikki," whispered Leah, as she began to lick her, teasing the tip of her tongue over Nikole's swollen clit. Nikole cried out with pleasure. Leah didn't stop tasting her as she slid a finger into Nikki's tight pussy. Gently she began to move the finger back and forth while tantalizing Nikki's clit. Nikole raised her hips, wanting more. Leah then pulled her finger out of Nikki's tight wet slit, licking off the honeyed juices.

"Leah?" Nikole whispered, because she hadn't wanted Leah to stop.

Leah didn't say a word; she just started taking her clothes off, throwing them aside. Then Leah got on top of Nikole, pressing her pussy into Nikole's face while lowering her head in between Nikole's parted legs, so she could have another taste of her. "Mmmmm, Nikki, you taste soooo good," she said in a hot whisper, licking Nikki's slit and then lightly biting her inner thigh.

Nikki pushed her pussy up into Leah's face, her own tongue slipping between Leah's pussy lips. Leah's juices were slowly raining on her face. Nikole sensuously slid her tongue into Leah, pushing it into her as deep as possible, getting a full taste of Leah's desire. As Nikole stabbed her tongue in and out of Leah's slick pussy, Leah was gently biting Nikki's clit and sucking on it relentlessly. She couldn't get enough of Nikki. She was like a sweet peach just waiting to be eaten. Leah sucked harder on Nikole's clit, feeling her tense, hearing her cry out against Leah's wetness as she started to cum. As Nikole came and came, Leah lapped up each hot drop, then bathed Nikki's sticky heat with her hungry tongue. As the passion became intense and Nikole reached her orgasm, her tongue shoved deeper into Leah. She began to suck on Leah's pussy. "Ohhhh Gawd... YESSSSSS!!!" Leah screamed as she convulsed on top of Nikole, cumming and cumming. Her pussy juices flooded Nikki's mouth. Nikole clamped her mouth over Leah's pussy, drinking passion's liquid.

After it was over, Leah lay there on the pillows, staring into Nikole's eyes. "That was wonderful," Leah whispered, caressing Nikki's hair. "It was so hot when you were screaming and cumming in my mouth."

Nikole blushed a little. "I can't believe we did that. It was so naughty," she said with a soft giggle. "I can't wait till we do more later...."

"Did you bring anything we could play with later?" Leah asked, grinning as she thought of shoving a toy in and out of Nikki's tight pussy.

Nikole burst out laughing. "I came here today thinking I would never sleep with you again.... remember?"

"Yeah, but you didn't have a bra on, so surely you had SOMETHING in mind," Leah said, pouting a little. "And I want to fuck you again... I loved fucking you, Nikki."

Nikole's eyes got wide. Leah turned her on so much. "You can always use your fingers...." Nikki said, squirming a little at the thought of Leah's fingers disappearing into her pussy. "Ohhhhh Leah, I loved it when you fucked me before."

Leah pulled Nikki closer, feeling the heat of her naked body against her own. "Well, tonight you will get the fucking of your life then," she promised.

Nikki laughed. "I have only had one other fucking."

"I know, Nikki," said Leah with a wink. "But now that you are no longer a virgin, I can fuck you much harder this time. Its going to feel so good... as I pound my fingers into you sooo hard... and soooo fast."

"Ohhhh Gawd," Nikki moaned, as she was so anxious and eager for this. She couldn't wait till Leah made her cum again.

Leah smiled, giving Nikole a soft kiss. "Let's take a little nap... then get up and make some dinner. After dinner, we can play again," suggested Leah, pulling a sleeping bag over them so they could get a little rest. Leah cuddled Nikole, as Nikki let out a little yawn. Leah loved holding her, watching her fall asleep. Soon Leah was sleeping soundly, listening to the sound of Nikole's heart beating with hers.

A few hours later, they had made a simple dinner. After eating and putting away their camping gear, Nikole went back into Leah's arms. "Can we play now?" she whispered, rubbing her body against Leah's to entice her.

Leah's eyes went dark with passion. Nikki could be quite the seductress. "Well, I guess so...." Leah said teasingly. "But only if you don't scream toooooo loud."

Nikole laughed, tugging on Leah's hand and leading her over to the tent. "So eager you are," Leah said with a giggle as they ducked into the tent, not even bothering to close the zipper.

"I need you to fuck my pussy, Leah," Nikole said, shedding her clothes and laying down on the sleeping bags. "Please Leah. I am so wet... so hot for you."

Leah knelt down on the sleeping bags after getting undressed, her hand sliding between Nikki's legs. "Gawd Nikki, your clit is so hard," Leah said, rubbing it and watching Nikole tremble with pleasure. As Nikole arched up toward Leah's fingers which were playing with her clit, Leah took two other fingers, slowly pushing them into Nikole's very tight pussy. Nikole let out a little scream. Leah began to thrust the fingers faster and faster, feeling them become sticky-sweet with Nikki's juices. "Cum for me, Nikki," she commanded, pounding her long fingers into Nikki very deep and hard. Nikole let out a shriek as she was cumming, her pussy clamping down so tight on Leah's fingers. Nikki went completely limp, her whole body tingling with the force of her climax.

"Nikki, you scream so loud," Leah chuckled into her ear, laying down next to her and cuddling her close.

"You made me...." Nikki said with a little laugh.

Just then there was a strange noise. It sounded like something horrific. Nikki tensed. "Wh--- what's that?" she asked, getting scared and looking at Leah.

Leah just grinned. "It sounds like donkeys mating to me..."

"Ohhh myyy Gawd!" Nikole said, bursting into laughter. She couldn't believe donkeys were going at it somewhere nearby.

Leah lightly tickled Nikole under the covers, loving how her naked body felt pressed to hers. "Will you finger my pussy now?" Leah asked, breaking the silence, laying back and waiting for Nikole to make love to her.

"Ohhh yes, I can't wait till you cum on my fingers," Nikki stated, sliding her hand between Leah's legs, brushing her fingertips over Leah's moist slit. Leah let out a sexy moan. Nikole slid a finger into Leah, teasingly moving it in and out of Leah's pussy.

"Nikki!!!!" Leah screamed.

"What the fuck is going on in here?" a male voice exclaimed.

Turning to look, Nikole saw the face of a guy as he looked into the tent. Nikole couldn't believe some guy was watching her finger-fuck Leah. "Who the hell are you?" Nikole demanded with a frown on her face.

Sitting up on the sleeping bags, Leah grinned at the guy. "Nikole, this is an old friend of mine. Meet Tommy." As Leah was speaking, Tommy started coming into the tent, followed by another guy with curly blond hair.

Nikole was blushing, slowly withdrawing her fingers from Leah's pussy. She didn't know what to do or say. Tommy and the other guy had caught she and Leah in a very intimate moment. Leah, however, did not seem to mind. "Tommy, what the hell are you doing here?" Leah asked. "I haven't seen you in almost a year. And who is this guy?"

Nikole and Leah were both staring at the other guy. He looked a bit like a nerd, and he had a goofy look on his face. "His name is Willie. He's my best friend. We were going to set up camp over there...." explained Tommy. "But we heard all the screaming and moaning.... so we decided to check it out. Willie's pretty embarrassed... you see, he's a virgin."

"Really?" Leah said, getting a wicked look on her face. Nikole saw that look and knew instantly that Leah wanted to fuck Willie. She wanted to break him in.

"Yep... would one of you ladies like to fuck him?" Tommy asked, his eyes on Nikki's breasts and Leah's moist pussy. "Come on .... he wants to lose his virginity tonight..."

"I'll fuck him," Leah spoke up, staring at Willie and wondering what it would be like to fuck him. He looked pretty scared, but Leah thought she could ease his "tensions."

Nikole sat up, grabbing her clothes. "I'll leave then," she said, tears stinging her eyes.

"No, Nikki. You aren't going anywhere," Leah said firmly, grabbing her hand. She then turned, looking at Tommy. "You guys step out for a minute. I need to have a word with Nikki alone."

Tommy looked at Willie, grinning. "Come on, lover boy. Let's give these lovely ladies a little space. Leah's gonna fuck you... very soon," Tommy said with a chuckle, ducking out of the tent followed by Willie.

After the guys had left, Leah looked at Nikki, lightly caressing her cheek. "Nikki, I know this camping trip was supposed to be only about me and you... but we cannot miss this opportunity. I want to have sex with Willie, and I want you to have sex with Tommy," Leah said.

"WHHHHAT?" Nikole gasped. "No, Leah. I can't."

"Yes, you can. You need to know what it feels like to have sex with a guy. Tommy's a great lover. He won't hurt you.... and I will be right here. I want to watch you get fucked, Nikki... please, do this for me."

Nikole shook her head, tears in her eyes. "I can't, Leah. I can't." But Leah was very persuasive, talking Nikki into it quite reluctantly. Finally, Nikki said she would.

"Ohhh thank you, Nikki. You won't regret this, baby. I promise," said Leah, happily kissing Nikole again and again.

Leah then yelled outside the tent, telling the guys to come back in. Tommy came in, followed by Willie. Willie looked really shy as Leah practically grabbed him. "I want to fuck you," she whispered into his ear. She then glanced over at Tommy. "Tommy, Nikki's mine... and she's never done it with a guy before. Will you fuck her? I want to watch...." Leah said with a smile on her lips.

"It would be my pleasure," Tommy said, looking at sexy little Nikki. He couldn't wait to get between her legs. Tommy reached for Nikole, pulling her onto his lap. She stiffened a little as he began to caress her breasts, grinding his lower body against hers. She closed her eyes, as he began to kiss her hungrily. Soon Nikole got lost in the kiss and the sensation of Tommy's skillful caresses.

Watching Nikki and Tommy turned Leah on. She looked at Willie, a very wicked gleam in her eyes. "Take your cock out, Willie. I want to suck it," Leah said, biting Willie lightly on the neck.

Willie didn't say anything, but his eyes got huge. He reached down, freeing his cock. Leah couldn't help but stare at the monstrous thing. Willie might be a nerd, but he had the hugest cock Leah had ever seen. And he wasn't even fully hard yet. "Gawd Damn!" Leah exclaimed, getting on her knees and licking Willie's cock. Willie groaned, feeling Leah's hot lips close over him.

Tommy had freed his cock too, brushing it against Nikole's very moist pussy. She was so hot, so wet. Obviously, Leah had gotten her to this state. Tommy began tasting Nikki's breasts, his thick throbbing cock pressed up against her tight opening. "Want me to put it inside you now?" he asked in a hot whisper, his hands caressing her curvy little ass.

"Please...." Nikki whispered, glancing over at Leah. Leah had her lips clamped on Willie's cock. Leah looked up, her eyes meeting Nikole's.
