 This is the story about how, when I was trying to teach my wife how to make all my fantasies come true, by embracing her inner slut, she taught me how to please us both, by getting me to embrace fantasies that I never knew I had. I suppose that when I went looking for someone new in my life, after my second divorce, I could have chosen a girl who was already the kind of slut I wanted, since they are easy enough to find here. In this country, there are plenty of girls looking for an American husband like me, and who would do anything I wanted to get me. But, knowing a woman only married me for my money, even if she fulfilled all my fantasies, would never have made me happy. 

Instead, I chased after a cute young thing, who wasn't interested in Americans, because she never wanted to leave here, and after months of trying, finally got her to think of me as more than just a friend. And, even though she was attracted to older men like me, enough to give me her virginity, it took another year to convince her to marry me. Of course, since she'd been a virgin when we met, she didn't know how to do any of the things I really wanted her to do in bed. It's when I tried to teach her those things, that our story actually begins. 

Naturally, the first thing I wanted her to learn was how to suck my cock. And, it might have been my own arguments that caused what happened later. Because, to convince her to try putting my cock in her mouth, I reminded her that I ate her pussy every time we made love, and had done it for two weeks straight, before I even tried to pop her cherry. It wasn't a threat that I'd stop eating her if she didn't start sucking my cock, because she's strong willed enough to be able to call my bluff. It was more like laying a guilt trip on her, by saying that I kissed hers all the time, and she hadn't tried to kiss mine yet. 

It worked too, because she told me I was right, that she should have tried already, she'd just been afraid I'd think she was some kind of cheap slut and lose respect for her if she did that to me. Because, that's what all her friends said happened when they did that to their boyfriends. Their boyfriends lost respect for them, and wouldn't even kiss them after they did it, especially if they did it long enough for the guys to cum in their mouths. Before she'd try to do that for me, she needed to know that I'd still respect her afterwards. When she saw that I knew what she was getting at, she asked if she turned her head when I tried to kiss her after eating her pussy. So, if I wanted her to try doing this, I had to be willing to show her the same respect she showed me. 

When I promised that I would, she slid down my body and asked me to tell her what I wanted her to do. I talked her through the whole thing as best as I could. Like how to hold it with just two fingers and how to use those fingers to gently stroke it. How to take only as much as she could comfortably hold in her mouth, without straining her jaws, or choking on it. And, how to move her head up and down slowly, instead of trying to bob her head like they did in porn movies, since that would just make her neck sore and tired. 

She picked up everything so quickly, that I had to ask if she'd ever done it before. When she told me no, and I apologized for thinking that, she said I didn't need to, and that she understood why I thought she had. It was because she'd dreamed of doing it to me, ever since we first met, and now that she was, she was trying to make it perfect for me, by doing everything I told her to. That and the fact that she liked doing it more than she thought she would, and wanted me to want her to do it every night. 

After she said that, she blushed and said I probably thought she was some kind of slut now, because she loved how my cock felt in her mouth, and couldn't wait to find out how my sperm tasted. Then, to keep from saying something that might embarrass her more, she went back to sucking me, with smiling eyes. I told her that I didn't think she was a slut for doing this, and, even if she was one, it wouldn't bother me in the least, because I loved her. Something about me saying that must have triggered something inside her, because she started moaning and sucking more vigorously. 

That, of course, brought me to the edge, and I barely had time to tell her to start swallowing so she wouldn't choke, before I was giving her a sperm mouthwash. She did gag slightly at the first shots, which led credence to her claim that she'd never done this before. But, she recovered almost immediately, and didn't lose a single drop, sucking me until she was sure there was nothing left. She also didn't swallow all of it, because her mouth was still half full when she came up to get her 'respect' kiss. Then, as she was lying in my arms, while we continued to kiss, she asked if it really wouldn't bother me if she was a slut. When I told her I'd meant what I said, she told me that we must have different definitions for the word then. Because, to her, a slut was a girl who loved sex so much, that she'd do anything a guy asked her to. 

Then, when I said that definitely wouldn't bother me, she said a real slut didn't care who she did it with either, and she was sure that her fucking or sucking some other guy would bother me. My not answering right away, and my body's reaction to her words, meaning my cock starting to get hard again, made her raise her head up to look me in the eyes. Then she asked if it seriously wouldn't bother me if she had sex with someone else. And, I told her the truth, that like a lot of men, I had some fantasies about threesomes and bringing other couples to our bed. So, if I expected her to let me fuck another girl in our bed, I'd have to be willing to let her fuck another guy, wouldn't I? That also meant that when I was thinking about those fantasies, I'd have to picture her doing things with that guy, and no, it didn't bother me, it made me hot. 

She took advantage of my renewed arousal, to sit on me, and lower herself onto my cock. Then she started asking me what kinds of things I saw in those fantasies. Like, did I imagine her riding the guy's hard cock the way she was riding mine now. Did I see her sucking him the way she'd just finished sucking me. And, did I imagine him cumming in her mouth, and her swallowing his sperm the way she had mine? We went on from there to talking about watching his cock slide in and out of her still virgin asshole. Then, on to the things I imagined myself doing with the girl, which were all the same things I imagined her doing with the guy. 

It was at this point, that she admitted to having similar fantasies, at least about doing things with other men. She wasn't sure how she felt about me fucking other women yet, because she loved me more than enough to get jealous. I told her that was the whole reason to do it as a couple, because I'd be jealous if it was just her doing things with a guy. It was only both of us fucking other people at the same time that stopped the jealousy part. She said she might still get jealous, because my attention was on someone besides her. But, as long as I paid enough attention to her to make a couple of her fantasies come true, she might be able to handle it. Like both of us guys fucking her at the same time, one in her pussy and one in her mouth, or, if she had enough guts to try it, one in her ass and one in her cunt. 

That's where we left things that night, because her descriptions of those things pushed us both over the edge, and we fell asleep after that. When we started making love the next night, with her on top again because she likes that position, she said she hoped I didn't take our dirty talk from the night before seriously. Because, while she liked the fantasy, she knew it was something she wouldn't do for real. I answered that I understood, that she'd be too jealous to let me fuck another girl, and she said it wasn't the biggest problem. It was that before she did something like that, she'd need to know for sure that I was really ok with her fucking and sucking some other guy. When I told her that as long as we were both doing it, I would be more than ok with it, she said that words weren't enough. Because, as soon as I saw her start sucking another man's cock, I'd begin to hate her for being such a slut, and she knew it. 

When I said I'd never hate her for doing something that made my fantasies come true, she said the only way to prove that would be to keep reminding her how much I loved her, while she was doing it. That would mean I'd have to keep kissing her all night long, to show my love, including kissing her after the guy came in her mouth. I told her that it should be the guy kissing her then, to show that he respected her, and she said I was missing the point completely. If we did something like that, she wouldn't care whether the guy respected her or not, since she'd be acting like a slut to make me happy, not him. She'd need me to show her that her acting like a slut was making me happy, and that I loved her for doing that. She loved me enough to kiss me after I ate the girl's pussy, so, unless I loved her enough to kiss her then, this would have to remain just a fantasy. 

Then, my sexy little wife let me in on a little secret, telling me that not only did she not want it to stay a fantasy, she already knew a couple who would be interested. One of her friends, and she wouldn't tell me which, told her once that her and her husband were swingers, and were always looking for new people to swing with. It was listening to that friend's stories, of the things her and her husband did, that had started her own swinging fantasies. She'd only turned them down at the time, because she'd still been a virgin, and hadn't wanted her first time to be as a slut in a gang bang. But, she knew they were still swingers, and would be happy to make our fantasies come true. She could always call her friend, and set something up, if I wanted her to, and if I was willing to prove I'd still love her afterwards. 

Isn't that what I said I wanted, for my wife to be a slut for me? For her to fuck other men, while I fucked other women, for them to fuck my wife's tight asshole while I fucked their wives' asses? And for her to suck their cocks until they came, while I came in their wives' mouths? Well, she couldn't wait to start being a slut for me, to start fucking other men in front of me, and to see if their cum tasted as good as mine did. And she kept talking dirty like that until I gave her the promise she wanted, while I was pumping my sperm into her hot wet cunt. Then she caught me completely by surprise, because instead of rolling off me to lay by my side, she quickly moved up my body to plant her cum filled pussy on my face. When, I moaned out a protest, she told me to stop being such a baby. I ate her pussy all the time, and I kissed her after she sucked my cock, so what was the difference between doing them separately, and doing them both now. 

She was right, there wasn't, and I stopped fighting and started licking her like she wanted me to. She waited a couple of minutes, until I was really getting into eating her this way, then she dropped another bombshell on me. If I accepted that there was no difference between kissing her after a blow job, and eating her pussy after I fucked her, then what did my agreeing to kiss her after another guy came in her mouth mean? She wanted me to think about that while I finished licking all the sperm out of her freshly fucked pussy. Because that's what she was thinking about right now, that the sperm she was feeding me, wasn't mine, it belonged to the guy I just finished watching her fuck. 

Ok, at this point, I sort of lost interest in what we were doing, even though I did keep licking her, so that I wouldn't ruin her fantasy for her. And, when she finally rolled off my face, I let her know that if she expected me to do that, she was right that this would stay just a fantasy. She said she was sorry that she'd gotten carried away like that, and that I must think she was sick for thinking those things. I kissed her and told her that I didn't think she was sick for having those fantasies; it was just that I knew I could never do that. Especially not in front of other people, because of what they'd think of me. I wasn't even sure about kissing her after she sucked someone else's cock, for the same reason, although I'd try because I'd promised her I would. 

She smiled and said that was the only promise she needed to do this for me, not the other thing. Now though, to reward me for not pushing her off when she said those sick things, she wanted to give me a nice sexy blow job. But, she did want to warn me about something that had to do with that dirty talk. It was that if I wanted her to suck my cock after we made love, like she was going to do right now, I'd have to be willing to let her feed me like that first. And, that included letting her talk about those fantasies while she was feeding me. 

Well, that blow job was awesome, which made it easy for me to agree to a repeat the next night and every night for the rest of the week. That is, us making love first, her feeding me while talking about her fantasy, then finishing the night with an awesome blow job. And, by Thursday, her dirty talk no longer bothered me, and I actually started looking forward to it. Thursday's dirty talk was a little different though, because she'd heard from her friend and had both good news and bad news about our fantasy. The good news was that her friends had agreed to us getting together Saturday night. The bad news was that since it was usually the girl who chickened out at the last minute, and they'd ended up with just a guy too many times, they wanted her to prove she wouldn't, by spending Friday night with them. 

She knew that I hadn't signed up for her to fuck other men without me. But, she hoped I'd let her do it this once, because it was the only way they'd agree to letting us join them. Of course, I let her go, although I should have expected what happened when she finally got home. The kiss I did expect, because she wanted to know for sure that I still loved her. It was what she asked for next that I should have seen coming, that I let her sit on my face while she told me how her night had gone. She eventually got me to let her, by promising me something very special if I did, and not just the blow job. This time, her dirty talk had more of an impact on me, because I really was licking another guy's sperm out of her. Not just her pussy either and that was the special thing, because the guy had fucked her in the ass, and she was going to give that to me too, before the blow job. And, fucking her tight ass, right before she sucked my cock, was special enough that I reluctantly agreed to do it again, after our guests left. 

To be honest, I wish I could forget that night, the night we were supposed to make our fantasies come true, because it was a total disaster and pretty much ended any plans we had of becoming swingers ourselves. I'm not sure why, whether it was the pressure of trying to perform in front of a younger and more sexually aggressive audience, the fact that my wife responded so enthusiastically to the guy's aggressive behavior which I knew I could never emulate, or some kind of hidden jealousy that I hadn't been aware of. But, I had trouble staying aroused and was a complete disappointment as a lover the whole night. Except, for after they left, when I had no problems at all keeping my promise to my wife, including a nice long ass fuck before her final blow job. 

My wife did her best to hide the real reason they didn't want to get together again, by saying they'd had a big fight and wouldn't be swinging with anyone for a while. That is until they gave her phone number to another guy, telling him that she needed a real man to swing with. And everything came out in the wash, when she ended her friendship with them for implying that I wasn't man enough to keep her satisfied. It also ended her little fantasy game, when she saw how much it depressed me and made me think she agreed with them. 

Especially when she started trying to get me to act more aggressively in bed. I know now that she thought she was helping me, figuring that me forcibly using her solely for my own pleasure would help build up my self confidence. At the time though, it had the opposite effect, reinforcing my belief that she'd rather be with the guy she'd so happily responded to that night, than be with me. And, I started pushing her to at least find her happiness, by going out to find the real men her friend had said she needed. That would have eventually ended our marriage, if we hadn't gotten our new neighbors, Kevin and Diane. 

They are a black couple, my wife's age, are extremely outgoing, and it didn't take long before my wife added them to our tiny circle of friends. They are also both natural flirts, and after hanging out with them for a few weeks, my wife started teasing me by saying that Diane obviously had the hots for me. I asked her what made her think that, and she said that Diane had more or less admitted it, the last time we went out drinking, by saying she thought I was handsome and sexy. I told her it didn't matter, because I'd never try anything, which sort of pissed my wife off. She asked why not, and told me not to lie and say I didn't think she was hot, because she'd seen the way I stared at her ass every chance I got. I told her there was no reason to make things up, just because she had the hots for Kevin. She said she wouldn't deny that, because she had some fantasies about black men, and Kevin was definitely handsome, but she wasn't making shit up, because she really did think both of them would be interested. 

That's when I pissed her off big time, by saying she could go have fun with them then, without me, because she didn't need me ruining another fantasy and another friendship. She didn't talk to me for a few days after that, until Wednesday night, when she told me that she'd been right, both Kevin and Diane were interested, and she'd set it up for Friday. Again, I told her to go alone, because I'd just ruin everything, and she told me to stuff my damn self pity up my ass. I wasn't going to ruin anything, because it wasn't going to be a group thing this time. 

She was going to spend the night alone with Kevin, sucking his big black cock, and getting fucked by him in every way possible. And, Diane was going to spend the night here, making love to me. The only thing that would be the same as that night was that she wanted me to show her I still loved her when she got home, and I knew what that meant. It meant kissing the mouth that Kevin was going to cum in more than once that night. And, it meant lovingly licking out every drop of sperm his black cock was going to put in her pussy and asshole. When I started to protest again, she said I knew that Diane was a therapist of some kind, didn't I? Well, she was actually a relationship therapist and they'd had a long talk about my problem, in detail. And Diane was pretty sure she knew what my real problem was and how to fix it. So, unless I wanted a divorce, which was unfortunately where we were headed, I should let her try to help. That meant answering any questions she asked, no matter what they were, as truthfully as possible, including all our secret things. 

And, I should do whatever she asked me to do, again, no matter what it was, because, Diane really did want to help us have a healthy and fun sex life. Then she said she wanted us to practice a little, by her riding my cock in both her ass and her cunt, then feeding my sperm back to me, while she pretended it was from Kevin's big black cock. And, she planned for us to practice again Thursday night, so I'd know exactly what to do when she came home Saturday morning. 
