 My name is Jack and this is a continuation of the story of my ex- wife and I. We were both bisexual and we both loved swinging. It started eight or nine years ago and I decided to share the stories with the people on lit. My ex-wife's name is Angela and at the time this story is taking place we'd been married for five years. I left our names the same but change the names of others involved. I want mention here and now that all involved are health adults and that rules were in place with this group to ensure continued health for all of its members. Though members of this group were and still are in the Poly lifestyle the author has left it and is in a strictly monogamous relationship as of the submission of this work but still endorses swinging and polyamory.

*

My wife's introduction to swinging was somewhat gradual. Long before we started to date I had been a practicing bisexual but my wife at the time was straight with zero interest in other women. She got the ball rolling with a simple fantasy about her being fucked by two guys. I met a guy online and brought him into our relationship. From their things picked up until we met an older couple Ben and Dani. Dani was the first woman that my wife was ever intimate with. My last account end after Ben and Dani had left the hotel room we had been staying in. Our next little experience would set the pace for our marriage thus far. So I'll pick up with our introduction to Scott and Amanda.

Ben and Dani were very experienced swingers and offered to help us expand our horizons. Two weeks after our first tryst with them Angela called me at work and gave me an address to go to right after work. Her car was parked on the street in front of a two story town house. I pulled in behind her car and walked to the front door. A tall statuesque woman answered the door in a sweat suit.

"You must be Jack. I'm Amanda, Angela's in the down stairs rec-room, she said you'd want to shower". Amanda nodded and led me in towards the stairs. She walked me to an open door on the second floor. "I put a towel and some soap out for you... and before I forget your wife gave me something for you." This beautiful woman took my head and leaned forward kissing me long and hard. On her lips and tongue was a very familiar taste... my wife's pussy. She pulled back to look at my face and take in my reaction. "Angela said she made a deal with you about having to taste a pussy before you get to fuck it..." in one smooth motion she slipped off her sweat shirt. I would learn that Amanda was a yoga instructor, which would explain the amazing tone of her body. He breast were a decent B-cup with no tan lines what so ever, she had a few tattoos and a navel piecing which complemented her body. I lifted her onto the counter and pulled off her bottoms. As her ankles were freed she opened her legs wide and placed her hands on my head.

"There was another part of that deal." I said as she started to pull my face toward her shaved pussy.

"My husband was balls deep in her pussy when you rang the door bell so I think you're covered. She also wanted to say that she was sorry." I relaxed as my lips touched her pussy. My tongue parted her lips. The tang of her pussy was mixed with a very familiar flavor, cum, male cum. "she tried to clean up the mess that my husband and Ben made but she was a little distracted." I ate Amanda to a nice little orgasm where she pushed the contents of her pussy into my mouth. Amanda lifted my head out of her crouch "There's more in the other one if you want." She smiled at me her face flushed and her breathing labored. 

"I think I need to shower and get down stairs, you want to join me?" I said to her as I stood up and stripped. As I was getting out of my clothes she started the shower and climbed in ahead of me. As the water spilled down her skin she worked her hands all over her body. She was all smiles as I stepped in a shut the glass door behind me. Amanda rubbed my chest a few times them dropped to her knees taking my cock in her mouth. I have no idea how long it took but in what seemed like five minutes I filled her throat and mouth completely with cum. Amanda swallowed as she stood up. 

"I'll see you down stairs." She opened to door and stepped out. I finished my shower toweled off and went to the basement with only a towel around me. As I walked into the room I was surprised to see almost a dozen people. I had thought from what Angela had told me that it was going to be Ben and Dani and this new couple. Dani was right next to the door with and man and an Asian woman that I didn't know, Ben was in the very back of the room getting his ass fucked by a young late teen kid with rings through his nipples, while sucking another guy who was knuckle deep in Amanda's pussy. About mid room was Angela. She was on all fours with a guy fucking her from behind. In front of her lay a hard bodied little nineteen/eighteen year old girl, whose pussy my wife was eating veraciously.

As I walked into the room Amanda rose from where she had been getting finger fucked. She walked over and gesture to my wife. Angela turned her attention from the pussy she had been licking and smiled at me before sliding off of the cock which had been buried in her pussy. She kissed the owner and smiled at Amanda before walking over to me. 

"Evening sweetie" She kissed me long and deep letting me taste the cute little thing she had been eating. Angela broke our kiss when Amanda tapped her shoulder. 

"We'll be in the bedroom whenever you're ready." Amanda walked to the back of the room where Ben was in the middle of an all male threesome. She whispered to the man whose dick Ben was sucking. He opened his eyes and smiled at her as she gestured toward a door across from them. As I watched him pull his cock out of Ben's mouth my wife pulled the towel from around my waist. Angela took me by the cock and kissed me again as I watched Amanda lead this guy by the cock into an adjoining room. I couldn't help but focus on his dick, he was the same size as me, seven inches, but a little bit thicker from the look of him.

"Come on," Angela said tugging on me slightly "you've got a little catching up to do." We moved through the room to the door. Inside Amanda was sitting on a bed in a very provocative position the man next to her standing his cock resting in one of her hands. "Amanda you know." Angela said closing the door and walking to the bed and sitting next to Amanda. "This is Scott her husband." Amanda smiled and offered her husband's cock to me.

I was on my knees in front of the three of them taking Scott's penis into my mouth. There was still the faintest taste of pussy on it. I quickly went about coating it with spit. I made sure that I applied a thick layer before I placed my hand at the base. I built a rhythm and Scoot dropped to the bed. The girls kissing and rubbing him as I sucked on his cock. I let Scott's dick out of my mouth for a few moments while I attended to his balls. My hand remained on his cock stroking his as I liked his balls slowly. I was about to resume my work on his dick when I felt a mouth at my hand. I looked up to see my wife working her lips up and down Scott's dick. He was definitely enjoying our work his moaning became more intense with every stroke of my hand and Angela's mouth. Scott lifted his feet into the air in ecstasy. He moaned with every move Angela and I made. 

Angela reached down and cupped Scott's balls lifting them away from my mouth. I looked into her eyes and she winked at me. I smiled and lowered my face into Scott's ass. I gave his ass a long slow lick. He swore as my tongue started to work into his tight hole. I could feel him cum; the first jet of sperm running through his cock past my fingers into my wife's waiting mouth. As the second was shot into Angela's mouth I removed my tongue from Scott's ass to watch. I removed my hand from his cock and let Angela work him. Once the last bit of cum was out of his cock Angela lifted her head from his cock and leaned toward me. We closed our eyes as our lips met. I opened my lips as she did and Scott's sperm rushed into my mouth. Our tongue met as we kissed. We rose up to press our bodies together as we kissed and swapped Scott's sperm, each of us now swallowing some of Scott's cum while some dripped down our chins onto our chests. I could feel my cock rubbing Scotts and Angela and I made out. In the small of her back I placed one of my hands and pulled her hips forward. Angela moaned into my mouth as her pussy slid onto Scotts cock. We made out as she fucked Scott, Angel and I started to settle and we broke our kiss and licked up the random droplets of cum on each other.

"Fuck him." She said as moved backward off of his dick, lifted her ass and placed her pussy squarely onto Scotts face. Scott took hold of her hips as she ground herself on his mouth. Amanda came around the bed and handed me a condom. She moved between her husband and me. She got on all fours lifting his cock and balls out of her way and began to lick her husband's ass. She looked back at me as I tore open the condom.

"Use me to fuck him" she said before driving her tongue back into her husband's ass. Amanda raised her ass at me. With my cock I parted her pussy's lips and glided into her. As I bottomed out, her mouth came away from her husband's anus again, this time breathless. Amanda's pussy was warm and surprisingly snug around my cock. She ground herself against me before looking over her shoulder at me. "Not bad for filthy fourths aye." She took a second before she dove back into her tonguing. I worked into a long slow rhythm as Amanda tongued then fingered her husband. My wife rode his face to at least one orgasm while I worked not to cum inside Amanda. In one smooth motion Amanda slid off of me and stood up. She dipped a single finger into her pussy. It came out wet and glistening and she slipped it into Scott's ass. She pulled her finger from him and gestured with it for me to come closer. At the same time Angela dismounted Scott and he moved farther up the bed.

Scott lay on his side I moved up behind him and placed the head of my cock at the rim of his ass. Is ass took me with ease. My entire length seemed to disappear into him with very little effort on his part. He flexed his anus around my cock as he and I got comfortable Amanda took Scotts dick in her mouth as I began to hump his tight ass. Angela was on was on her back under Amanda licking her pussy. Scott worked is snug fitting anus on my dick. He flexed the internal muscles as I slid in and out of him.

Scott and I rolled just enough so I was flat on my back Scott still riding my cock leaning back working himself harder on me. I moan every time he drove his ass down my cock. The girls were in front of him taking turns sucking his dick. All I could here was the smacking of lips on his dick his body obstructed my view. I was focused on fucking Scott when I felt the warm moist sensation of a tongue dancing around my balls. When Amanda stood up and straddled her husband I realized that it was my wife. Amanda impaled herself on Scott in one smooth motion. It wasn't long before she was setting the pace of our fucking. She had booth hands on Scott's knees so she could thrust her hips and drive her pussy down onto Scott's dick. My wife's mouth abandoned my balls I'm sure that she had attacked his within a few seconds Scott's entire body began to shake he . As he filled his wife's pussy he moaned and his ass clamped down on my penis. His orgasm lasted for a few seconds, his wife smiled at him the whole time. 

Amanda stood up and placed a hand under her pussy, inserting two fingers to keep her husband's seed inside of her. She shot a glance at Angela as she dismounted Scott and beckoned him to follow her. My dick slapped against my stomach as Scott climbed off of me. Angela was there a moment later. She removed the condom I had fucked Scott with and straddled me.

"I love watching you do that. " She said as she lowered her anus onto my cock. She moaned deep and throaty as the head of my dick slipped past her tight sphincter until she reached the base of my dick. She had been fucked in her ass already that night, I could tell from ease of my entrance and the presence of lube. She only let toys up her butt other than me. "That is so much better than Dani's strap-on." Angela started to work her hole up and down my dick slowly, grinding her butt against my hips at the bottom of her stroke. She felt amazing on my cock her love for anal sex over the past year had grown and her techniques as well as appreciation showed every time my cock was in her bowels. Amanda and Scott hadn't gone that far. They were maybe and arms length away as Angela and I started to fuck. They were kissing Amanda still plugging her pussy. After a monument Amanda came back over to us and swung one of her legs over my head and lowered her semen filled pussy onto my mouth. She moaned as she pushed all of her husband's seed into my mouth and she lay to lick my wife's pussy. 

My tongue worked at cleaning out Amanda's pussy while she ate my wife. The three of us worked and licked for a few minutes while Scott recovered with the help of Amanda and my wife. They were taking turns jacking him off and sucking his cock slowly working the blood back into him. 

Angela began to moan as she got close to cumming, begging for Amanda to lick faster. Scott was behind his wife a few moments later and began to work his cock into her ass. Her moans and my wife's ass flexing around my cock were too much and I came in my wife's tight ass. She felt my cum filling her and used her anal muscles to milk my cock dry before she sprang up and offered her ass to Amanda's willing mouth. Amanda was more than willing to clean up my wife's sperm fill hole. I worked out from underneath the tangle of sex and watched this beautiful woman tongue fuck my wife's ass. After a few minutes Angela pulled her ass from Amanda's mouth and kissed the other woman.

"We're going to go clean up and join the others, you two play nice." Angela said as she stood and walked over to where I was sitting. I stood and took her hand. Angela led me back into the rec room. There were a few people still fucking most notably a threesome on one of the sofas. Dani and Ben were sitting talking to the young girl whom my wife had been licking when I came in. they were all naked except for Dani she had on a pair of thigh high white stockings. It still amazed me that she was a 45 year old mother of three with her firm body and her pierces nipples.

"Hey Jack," Ben said as Angela and I walked by

"Hey man, this is quite the shin dig."

"You should be here when the whole crew can make it." Dani remarked leaning back into the sofa and crossing her legs. In the few weeks since our last encounter she had allowed a small tuff of hair to sprout above her slit. 

"How many more are their?" Angela asked sound just as surprised as I was. 

Dani and Ben looked at each other and haggled over a few names before Ben answered that there were seven couple not in attendance and five singles. Angela and I were both struck by the number. In the room at that moment there were eight people including Angela and I, Scott and Amanda made eleven. There were five couples in attendance and one single.

The tight bodied teen sitting next to Dani introduced herself as Tiffany, she was almost nineteen, her boyfriend Allen had been the one ass fucking Ben when I had arrived. She was very chatty wanting to know what we liked how we got into swinging. I tried but failed to figure out where she was taking a breath between words.

"I hate to interrupt but I need to clean up his di-" Angela started to say then Tiffany interrupted. 

"You mind if Al and I join you two?" Before either of us could answer she was on her feet and over to her boyfriend who was part of the threesome on the other sofa. She spoke into his ear. He looked over his shoulder at us before he disengaged and walked over. Our meeting was brief before Angela and our new friends escorted me to the downstairs bathroom. 

The room had one toilet and then a tiled area reminiscent of a high school locker room with a series of shower heads on three walls. There was a single knob for the whole thing; Tiffany turned it as she skipped into the shower. She shrieked at the cool cascade of water that came at her. Her frame was very small, she only stood about five foot one but her figure was amazing. As the water warmed she ran her hands up her body. She spread her legs exposing a silver speck that sat just between the outer lips of her pussy.

Al walked into the shower with a little hesitation. I could feel the warmth of it even standing three feet away. Angela and I followed. The water felt great running down my skin. My wife and I watched as the tight apple titted girl dropped to her knees and began to kiss and stroke her boyfriend's semi-flaccid dick. It was the first time I noticed a large golden ball protruding from the front of his dick. It was the first Prince Albert that I had seen. I nodded in approval as Angela walked away from me, over to a soap dish embedded in the wall. She took my cock in hand and rubbed the soap up and down my length as she looked over at out two lovers. 

"She's cute isn't she?" Angela asked as she lathered my cock giving it a slight squeeze. I smiled back as my cock hardened. She was right Tiff was small and for the next five or six years would be able to pass for jail bait. Putting her in a school girl outfit and walking her down a busy street would be very dangerous. I looked back at my wife and kissed her on the lips. Out of the corner of my eye I could see that Tiff was now blowing her boyfriend. 

"So's Al, all eight, teenage inches of him." I said to her as I brought my hand up to her pussy and slid two fingers into her. "You want me to go over and put my cock up her pussy while you ride him?"

"I want Al to ride you. I haven't seen you get your ass fucked in months." She potted as she started to rinse the soap off my cock.

"You had a great view yesterday while you fucked me with your strap-on". I knew that it's wasn't the same for either of us.

"Let him fuck your ass and you can fuck her ass." She said as her hand slid off of my dick and past my balls. With just the tip of her fore finger she pushed into my ass. "I know you want to feel it wrapped around your dick, just like you want to feel yours wrapped around that lovely cock." We kissed as our finger drove into one another and our bodies pressed together under the warm spray of the shower.

"So, I'll have permission... how about I just go over and put it right in her. She looks like the kind of girl that would like that." Angela took hold of my wrist and pulled my fingers out of her pussy. She lifted a leg and pulled my hand further underneath until the tip of my finger were at her ass. In one motion she drove my finger into her cum filled anus.

"I'm that kind of girl too Jack..." she ground her ass on my finger for a few seconds then smiled. "Let's compromise." She said removing my hand and walked toward the teenage couple. I followed her and put my hand on Al's shoulder. Angela worked to pull his cock out of Tiff's mouth. "Jack wants to fuck your butt while Al puts that magnificent piece of man in his ass." Angela rubbed the golden bead at the end of Al's dick with her thumb as she spoke. Tiff looked over my cock before she turned away and dropped to her knees. I got on the floor behind her and ran a hand around her stomach to her pussy as my dick rested against her back. She leaned back and smiled at me.

"I'm already lubed up." She said before kissing me then dropping down on all fours sticking her butt in the air. I ran my dick up and down the crack of her ass few times before I put the head at the entrance to her anus.
