 "I wonder if they will chicken out?"

Kylee and her fiancée Phil said they would come over and get shaved by Susan and me. Of course the sexual tension was rather high when they agreed. Who knows how much the temperature cooled by this morning.

Surprise, surprise, Phil knocked on our door right on time.

"OK to come in?"

"You bet."

"We made some Bloody Mary's, will you join us?"

"Sounds good." 

"We weren't sure you guys would come," I said.

"I want Phil to spend more time with his tongue between my legs. I saw his eyes pop out looking at your shaved pussies. I knew then I also wanted to go bare. How are we going to do this?"

"How about I do you first and then Jill can shave Phil? Bring your drinks."

We headed into the bathroom. Kylee had confided that Phil was a dud in eating her pussy. In turn she was not very good at blowjobs. So Susan and I planned to help them be better lovers.

Susan used some scissors to first cut Kylee's thick bush and then lathered her up with shaving lotion.

"Let's let the lotion work for a couple of minutes. You have a beautify pussy. Your lips are so delicate. OK, lets get started. Spread your legs."

Kylee's husband watched intently as Susan worked on her pussy. And Susan made the most of the opportunity by putting a couple of fingers inside.

"Oh, that really feels good. I'm getting really horny. How's it look, honey?"

"Very, very sexy!"

"Spread your legs some more. That's it." Susan slipped in three fingers to stretch her lips to help with the shaving. "Almost there. Just have to get between your pussy and your asshole." 

Susan finished with the razor and cleaned her with a washcloth. "You have a beautiful pussy. So delicate, just made for loving."

She then leaned forward and started licking, catching Kylee by surprise. Phil watched intently as she made love to Kylee's pussy. She licked up and down her newly bare slit, tasting her juices. Her tongue tickled her clit and caused it to erect.

"Spread your lips, Kylee."

Susan stuck her tongue out and started fucking Kylee's hole, using her tongue like a cock. Then she resumed licking up and down her slit, stopping each time to massage her clit. Kylee's juices were running out in a constant stream.

"You taste so good, Kylee. Does this feel good?"

"It feels great! Phil, pay attention. This is what I want you to do."

Susan thrust two fingers in while tonguing her clit. She put her whole mouth on Kylee's pussy. Kylee pulled her into her crotch and came with a huge shudder.

"Wow, that was something else. You knew just what to do. Give me a moment to settle down. Phil, I hope you're not mad."

"Not at all. I've never been very good at that. That was amazing! I'm going to try to do some of what Susan did."

Next was Phil's turn. He stripped down and his nice cock was jutting straight out. His public hair was fairly sparse but also covered his balls and cock. I squirted shaving cream and used my hand to rub all over. I took advantage and stroked his cock, felt his balls, and between his legs clear up to his asshole.

"You really have a nice cock, Phil. Nice and hard. Ok, let's get the shaving done."

Not to be out done by Susan with Kylee, after I cleaned him up I pulled his cock into my mouth. With guidance from my husband and Susan I had become quite expert on giving head. I kissed the head and then licked it like an ice cream cone. Some pre-cum was already oozing out. I used my finger to pick up a couple of drops and put it in my mouth.

I licked up and down the sides of his cock and then slipped the head into my mouth. Holding it there I swirled my tongue on the head. Then I moved the head back and forth in my mouth. Gradually I took more of his shaft. Phil's cock was a perfect size to deep throat. I bobbed my head up and down, pulling his length deep into my warm mouth. The last couple of inches entered my throat.

"I can see your throat bulge as it goes it," Kylee exclaimed. Susan provided some commentary about my technique. "Once you get past the gag reflex, it goes in pretty easily. It helps to tilt your head back so it's a straight shot. Feels good, doesn't it, Phil?"

"It feels great. Like a vise gripping my cock."

I had never been able to take my husband's cock all the way. So playing with Phil this way was fun. I fondled his balls while I held his cock in deep. "OK, Kylee, you try it."

Kylee moved over and took his cock into her mouth. She emulated my actions and even tried to take him in completely. The last inch of his cock caused her to choke up, bringing tears in her eyes. So she concentrated on just the last three or four inches. Phil didn't mind and a few minutes later shot several spurts. Kylee struggled to swallow his cum, almost choking, there was so much. She stuck out her tongue to show us his cum.

"Very tasty, honey."

"Really good job, Kylee", Jill exclaimed. "I still can't take Jim's cock all the way. You guys have lots of time to practice."

Back to more mundane matters.

"How about dinner downtown tonight? Jim and Bob have probably worked up an appetite playing golf. And afterwards you guys can show off your new look!"

Friday night the bars were busier than earlier in the week. The six of us checked out several, having a drink in each and then moving on. We finished up at an upscale seafood restaurant.

"Jill, do you see that waiter over there? He kind of looks familiar."

"Yeah, he looks different with clothes on!"

Our waiter was William, one of the two guys Jim and I met on the nude beach earlier in the week. He and George, his buddy, had made small talk with me while I gawked over the size of their cocks.

William came over to our table to take our order. I noticed a slight smile so it was obvious he recognized Jim and me but was discrete in front of our companions.

After he left our table, Kylee asked, "Do you know him?"

Jim laughed and said, "Yes, Jill has a thing for guys with big cocks."

"Jim! OK, here's what happened. Jim and I were sitting in deck chairs near the edge of the beach. The nude beach. William and his buddy came over and chatted me up. I don't know if I ever made eye contact with either of them. My focus was on their cocks. Both were very long, very fat, and uncircumcised. And as you probably noticed, William is black. So is his buddy. They're from Haiti but live here now.

"Anyway Jim was right there to keep things under control. I felt bold enough to reach out and stroke William's cock. Before they left I had jerked off both of them and had cum all over my hands. It was one of the most exciting things I have ever done. I think Jim felt the same way. He took me back to our bungalow and fucked my lights out! I sure didn't expect to ever see either of them again."

I noticed that both Susan and Kylee eyed William as he went about his duties. He was entirely proper in his manner to us. As we were leaving Jim told him it was nice to see him again. William grinned from ear to ear, "Monday's my day off "

Back at the resort Jim and I stripped down and went out to our private pool. Bob and Susan soon joined us, also nude. A few minutes later Phil and Kylee joined us. I was disappointed that they were wearing suits.

"OK, you guys ready to see the new me?" Kylee pulled down her bikini.

"Hey, really looks good," my Jim said.

"Good enough to eat," added Bob.

"Don't get fresh. Phil, your turn. Take your suit off and show us."

Phil pulled his suit down over an impressive boner. Even though Susan and I had already seen the new look, his cock did look bigger than before. I told Jim and Bob that I demonstrated my blowjob technique on Phil this afternoon and that Kylee finished the job.

"Jill's really good at giving head, isn't she? I suppose it's all the instruction she received from Jim and me." Bob has never been the modest one.

"Kylee, I hear you did great. Care to give us a demonstration?"

Kylee leaned over Phil and started licking the head of his cock. She was obviously a good student. As I was remarking about Kylee trying to deep throat Phil this afternoon she actually did it. She held it for several seconds before doing a little choking. We applauded her efforts and Phil was most generous with his cum.

"Really good, Kylee. Phil, you going to eat her pussy?"

He seemed eager to show what he learned this afternoon. We added encouragement and suggestions. He ran his tongue up and down her slit and then pushed between her lips. She pulled her lips apart and he dipped his tongue deep into her hole. He put two fingers inside while licking her clit. He mimicked the tongue and mouth action that Susan had used on me. She pulled his head into her crotch and covered his face with a burst of juice as she climaxed.

"Phil, you did terrific. Did you like doing it?"

"Very much. You taste very sexy, Kylee. I did ok?"

"That was great, honey." We all complemented Phil on his efforts.

I started stroking Jim. Susan said she wanted to switch partners and grabbed Jim's cock. I moved over to Bob. Our guys were ready and we were too. Bending over, the guys slipped their cocks in. Bob had only fucked me that one time. Jim got real mad at Bob but seemed to get over it. Good thing. Now it was happening again. But this wasn't the plan and I was concerned as to what Jim would do. I needn't have worried - Jim was deep into Susan. He looked my way, saw Bob on top of me, and just smiled. 

Our first time we swapped husbands in front of anyone, it was tremendously exciting. I think I have a bit of exhibitionism in me. Maybe more than just a bit.

Almost simultaneously both Jim and Bob blasted their cum. I pulled Jim over to me and spread my legs wide open. I pushed his head down to my crotch. Bob's cum was profusely leaking out. Jim liked to eat creampie. I reached down and spread my lips so he could get his whole mouth on my pussy.

"Does Bob's cum taste good in my pussy? As good as yours? Don't stop. Bob fucked me really deep so lots of his cum is way up there.

"Stick your tongue in. Deeper. Now suck it all in with your mouth."

I used my pussy muscles to push the last of the sticky mixture into his mouth.

"Now lick my clit and make me cum." I sure had a terrific lover for a husband! Susan pushed Bob down to her crotch. He wasn't big on eating pussy, much less one now filled with Jim's cum.

"Do it, Bob. I want your tongue. Jim ate your cum. It's the least you can do for me." 

Susan spread her lips and Bob started licking.

"Come on Bob, stick your tongue in there. Here, I'll spread my lips for you. That's better. Jim filled me up with his big cock. You need to get it all.

"Here comes some more."

Susan worked her muscles and pushed more cum into Bob's mouth. Each movement caused another dollop to leak out. With the last of the visible cum sucked up by Bob, he finished up by licking up and down her slit. After the initial hesitancy and with continuing encouragement from Susan Bob was doing a very creditable job. Susan must have agreed as she came with a shudder. We had put on quite a demonstration for Kylee and Phil.

"Phil, let's go to our bungalow. I want you to fuck me and then eat my creampie like Jim and Bob just did. You'll do it, won't you?"

"I don't know. Maybe."

"You'll do it. Let's go." 

That's the last we saw of Kylee and Phil that evening. 

We didn't see them the next couple of days. In the meantime Bob hired a boat and crew to take us on a tour of the Belize shoreline. Sleeping accommodations were roomy and the mate was a good cook and bartender. Susan and I spent most all of the time in our bikini bottoms, no tops. Apparently such attire wasn't all that unusual. If I do say so myself, we were hot. Young, blond, sexy. Carlos, our captain, and Julio didn't miss a thing.

It was probably hard for them to tell who was married to whom. Susan and I swapped husbands back and forth. Our guys certainly had no complaints. There were long stretches of shoreline we never saw!

By the second afternoon we were comfortable around our crew. Our boat pulled into a small cove so we could do some snorkeling, in the nude, of course. This was the first time Jim and Bob stripped to the buff. Our two-man crew got a good eyeful of our butts as we snorkeled. Julio helped pull me into the boat.

"Julio, what's wrong with your pants? What's that bulge?"

"Sorry, miss. But you and the other miss are so good looking. And I've never seen women that were bare down there."

About that time Bob and Jim climbed aboard, equally bare. "Oh, your men are too!" Julio blushed as he stared at their shaved cocks.

"It's the coming thing, Julio. All the young girls are doing it and even some of the guys. We shaved each other."

"We love our guys to go down on us and it's even better bare", Susan added. "Besides, Jill and I think it makes our guys stick out even more. Don't you think so?"

Poor Julio didn't know what to say. Carlos came to his rescue. "The four of you are the sexiest couples we have ever had on my boat."

"We would hate for you to forget us. Jim, get your camera out."

Susan and Jill positioned themselves on either side of Carlos and Julio, lifting up a leg to straddle their legs. "How's this look, Jim?"

"Very sexy. Good, very good. OK, put your hands on their crotches."

Jim waited until we were rubbing some really nice bulges and took more photos. Susan suggested several poses. I took Julio's hand and put it on my pussy. Carlos did likewise to Susan. More photos. The guys started finger-fucking us. I was sure getting wet down there. It was obvious from the boners that Bob and Jim were also turned on.

"OK, that's enough. Thanks, you guys. Jim, take me to the bed and fuck me. I need it." 

Jill grabbed me by cock. Susan followed with Bob. We left the bedroom door open on purpose as the four of us played around.

Too soon, we were back at the dock, suitable attired. Jim promised to mail Carlos some photos. The guys, plus Phil, wanted to play golf the next day. So we gals decided to hit the beach again. Jim told me our waiter friend William would be off work. We might have a very fun day.