 "Susan, look whose coming."

"Oh, that waiter from the restaurant."

"Yep, it's William. And his friend George. He's the other guy I told you about."

Jill, her sister Susan, and Kylee, a new acquaintance, were walking along the nude beach in Belize. Several days earlier Jill and her husband had met William and George on that same beach. As they came closer, Susan exclaimed "Nice bodies. Nice cocks!"

"I told you guys. I wasn't exaggerating, was I?"

"Nope, not a bit. Kylee, what do you think?"

"I can see why Jill was mesmerized."

"Hi, Miss Jill. And I remember meeting your friend at the restaurant." 

"Hi, William, this is my sister Susan and our new friend Kylee."

"Pleasure. This is George, my mate. He also works at the restaurant. We were hoping to see you today."

There we were, two good looking blonds and a petite Polynesian girl chatting with two guys from Haiti. Both black. Both nude. Both with big cocks.

"Miss Jill, I must confess the other day your bare pussy was very enticing. I see your sister and friend are also both bare down there."

"Actually Susan was first then she shaved me a few days ago. Kylee just got the bare look."

"Would you ladies like a drink?" George spoke up for the first time.

It was still mid-morning but we headed to a nearby beach bar. George ordered some drinks, said we would like them. We made small conversation about our stay in Belize. It was hard to keep my eyes from wandering down to William and George's cocks. Susan and Kylee were equally distracted.

"George, this drink is really good. What's in it?"

"Alonzo, the barkeep, makes these for us. Several types of rum, some juices. You like?"

"Goes down really easy. Is this what you use to seduce girls?"

"Would we do such a thing?" William responded with a smile. We had a second round.

"Susan's husband has a recipe for Lemon Drop martini that's to die for. Have you ever had one?"

"No, miss."

"Want to try one? How about now?"

"We met your husband and he seemed real cool. But the misses' husbands? We don't want to create trouble."

"No problem", Susan responded. "OK with you, Kylee?"

"I suppose."

We went to our bags and put on our suits. The guys also changed and met us at the walkway. We strolled the two blocks to our resort. I don't know what was in those drinks but we were as giddy as school kids.

At our bungalow the suits came back off. I went inside to make up the martinis. Everyone else jumped into our private pool. 

"OK, here they are."

I brought out glasses, shaker, and ice. The guys were fooling around with Susan and Kylee. The girls were giggling and playing hardto get. I'm pretty sure Susan was holding William's cock. George was rubbing up against Kylee's back side. 

"Come on, guys. Drinks are ready."

We relaxed in the deck chairs and sampled our martinis. I tried to start some conversation but kept staring at their cocks. They were already partially erect, adding to the sexual tension. Two nude black guys, virtual strangers.

"I was telling Susan and Kylee about our encounter the other day. Your cocks were the first black ones I had ever seen. And the first uncut. I'm still embarrassed that I jerked you guys off. But it sure was exciting."

"You are so sexy that it was most exciting for me. You too, William?"

"You bet. Your husband is so lucky to have you. And now we have met your sexy sister and your new friend."

"I want a closer look. Stand up, William," Susan ordered.

Susan reached out and felt William's cock. As she stroked, it expanded to some ten inches. And very fat. The foreskin pulled back from the head as it got bigger.

"I once fucked a black guy in college. He was big, but not this big."

Susan leaned over and started licking the head while still stroke the shaft. I ducked inside and got our video camera.

"Kylee, why don't you see to George. He's missing out," I said.

"No, I can't. Phil will get really mad at me."

"He's not here and we won't tell. Do it!"

"No, I better not. I mean I really shouldn't."

Kylee's small hands made George's cock look absolutely humongous. Very quickly she got into stroking his cock, rubbing the head and fondling his balls. I was videoing but she was so focused on his cock that she paid no attention.

"Kylee, put his cock into your mouth."

"No! I can't do that. Phil would kill me. Besides it's way too big."

"Give it a try. We won't tell. You'll probably never have another opportunity like this."

Kylee leaned over and positioned the tip of his cock in her mouth. She swirled her tongue around the head. Opening her mouth, she managed take in the head and a little of the shaft. As petite as she is, only three inches of George's cock would fit. He was softly giving her directions on what to do.

"That feels so good, missy."

Kylee tried to emulate what I did to her husband. But George's cock was almost too much to fit into her mouth. So she used her tongue to lick the head and down the shaft. Several drops of pre-cum leaked out. She licked it off and stroked his cock some more to bring more out. 

"I can't believe I'm doing this! Your cock is so big." The head and maybe an inch of shaft was all she could manage.

Meanwhile Susan managed to suck half of William which I thought was pretty impressive, considering. She fondled his balls with one hand while stroking his cock with the other. William was to the point of explosion. Pulling his cock out of her mouth she got up and took him by the hand into the bedroom.

"Kylee, bring your guy in here."

The two guys pulled Susan and Kylee to them on the bed.

"William, eat me," Susan ordered.

She spread her legs wide and William did as told. He dove right in using his tongue to part her lips. Her pussy was gaping wide open and her lips were puffy and engorged. William licked up and down her slit and on the upstroke caressed her clit. Her pussy was leaking copious quantity of juice.

Kylee was so excited she was shaking. Legs spread wide, she was ready for this stranger to do his magic. He slipped two fingers in while he licked her love button. Her prior reluctance was replaced by passion of the moment. George stuck his tongue inside and wiggled it back and forth. He put his whole mouth on her. She seemed in her own world, murmuring something. I was recording everything. It was obvious that the guys were pros at this. I wondered how many tourists they had seduced. Probably plenty.

William moved up on Susan and she positioned his cock at her opening.

"Go slow. Real slow."

I focused the camera on his cock as the head slipped in an inch. Her pussy was very wet with anticipation. He started stroking, each time going in maybe a quarter inch or so.

"Stop for a minute. OK, a little deeper ... Hold it there ... OK, a little more."

His massive cock stretched her pussy to the limit. I don't know where it was all going. But in a couple of minutes he was almost completely in. I don't think Susan could possibly handle any more. William set up a nice rhythm. This guy was experienced! I could hear a sloppy kind of sound when his cock when in. And sort of a sucking sound as it pulled out.

His black cock was coated with white foamy juices as he pounded away. It was quite a turn-on to see all ten inches spread her lips and bottom out with his tight balls banging against her. Then he pulled out to where the tip of his cock was barely between her lips, not even in her pussy. Then back in. Long, long strokes. I was mesmerized by the sight, wishing that cock were in me.

Meanwhile George maneuvered Kylee on top of him. This way she could control the initial penetration. In a zone or not, Kylee knew she was about to be fucked by his huge cock. She is so petite, only five feet or so. How would that cock ever fit? And George was bigger than William. She faced him and straddled his legs. Reaching down to the big pole sticking up, she rubbed the head up and down her slit.

Then she positioned the head at her hole and dropped down a bit. The head parted her lips and went in but less than an inch. Not even the entire head. She let out her breath and started a small up and down movement. Not much cock was going in but it obviously must have felt real good.

"Oh, my! You are so big. So fat."

I zoomed in the camera so her pussy and the tip of his cock filled the screen. I had never witnessed anything more erotic. Her lips were gripping his cock head as it tried to push into her pussy. Then the head popped in. George was wise enough to hold right there for a moment.

"You doing ok, missy?"

"Yes! So good..."

Kylee was rocking her hips up and down, but just a little. When she lifted her butt his cock came out of her hole, the head just holding between her lips. Lowering her butt, the head and maybe an inch or two of shaft slowly disappeared in her love tunnel. 

Eventually Kylee managed to take about four inches, less than half of George's cock. Actually not bad since it was not only long but very fat. She continued to rock back and forth, sliding his cock out until the head was almost past her lips, then slowly dropping down onto his cock. My camera captured the far-away look on her face as she fucked herself on his cock. 

George knew she couldn't take all of him so he didn't try to go deeper. Four inches was it. Her tiny pussy must have put quite a squeeze on his cock. After just a few minutes he spurted several times into Kylee. His cock had cum all over the head as he pulled out. Cum dripped from her pussy. I zoomed in on her swollen lips. Her pussy was still gaped wide open from his thick cock. Cum continued to dribble out. What a video this would be. 

So far I was left out of the action. But my plan was to fuck whoever finished up first. That was Susan's guy, William. I grabbed him and massaged his cock until it was standing up straight. Imitating Kylee, I got on top, facing him, and dropped down on his cock. It was bigger than my husband's 8 1/2". But William slipped in without undue trouble. It reached deeper than Jim and was very snug.

Susan picked up my video camera and pointed at us. I would lift up my butt, pulling his cock out most of the way. Then back down until it bottomed out. I hoped Susan was getting all of this on video. This was a fuck to remember. I was murmuring something, William was calling me names, and his cock made slurping noises. Even though this was his second time in just a few minutes he shot a big load into me. The flood of his cum mixed with all my juices made my pussy extra slippery. It sent me over the top.

By this time Kylee had settled down but was again worried about her fiancée. I also was concerned. Jim didn't want to share me with anyone. Bob had just sort of happened and was "family". But these guys certainly weren't!

"What if Phil finds out? I'm in really big trouble."

George had an idea. We would tell our guys that we had met William and George on the beach that morning (true) and that we invited them to stop by tonight for drinks (also true). They would bring a couple of their girl friends who liked to play. They were from the Bahamas and black. George said they were very good looking and classy.

They would be coached to seduce Phil and Jim. Then William and George would join the action. Bob had already let Susan play around so he wasn't a concern. Once everyone joined in the problem would be solved. At least that was our hope.

Upon return from a good day of golf the guys and us relaxed with some drinks. There was a certain level of tension among us girls but the guys didn't notice. I mentioned our meeting William and George on the beach.

"We invited them and their girl friends to stop by tonight after dinner."

"Honey, I wished you hadn't. I'm want to spend some time with you, just you and me," my husband protested.

Susan had already gotten to Bob about our plan so he helped out. "Sounds good to me, Jim. Come on, let's do it. OK with you Phil?"

"I guess."

About eight our guests arrived. Bob and Phil had not previously met the guys so introductions were made. Their dates were luscious! I was more optimistic now.

Bob fixed his famous Lemon Drop martinis and encouraged us to enjoy. Small talk gradually evolved into more intimate discussions as the drinks took effect. William knew I had told everyone about my first time meeting them. So that was the topic that moved us in the direction we needed. I volunteered that their uncircumcised cocks fascinated me. One of the girls, Marietta, said she actually preferred circumcised ones. I volunteered that all our guys were cut.

We took our drinks out to the pool. "Did you bring your suits," I asked.

"We forgot." That was part of the plan.

"Well, if the others don't mind we can all go skinny dipping. OK with everyone?" 

Of course Susan, Kylee, and Bob were primed to agree. There wasn't much response from either Jim or Phil but no outright objection either.

"Well, I guess I'll go first," and stripped down to the all-together. Susan immediately joined me. Our guests joined in. As expected, Jim and Phil hung back a bit. Kylee was the last to strip.

William said, "I was telling Marietta that you guys all go bare. See, I was right."

"That's so sexy, maybe I should try it. What do you think, Lucinda?"

"Very sexy! I like how it makes your cocks stand out. I'll bet even better when hard."

Marietta reached out to Jim and stroked his cock. It immediately jumped to attention. Jim looked at me and I just nodded ok. Lucinda went over to Phil and complemented the size of his cock. "He does have a nice one, doesn't he?" Kylee chimed in.

The girls were real lookers with great bodies. I don't think our guys could possibly resist. And they didn't. The girls stroked their cocks which quickly reached their maximum size. The contrast between their white cocks and the black girls' hands was very erotic.

Marietta used the tip of her tongue to taste Jim's pre-cum as it bubbled up. She made love to his cock, caressing it, licking it, sucking it. Quite a demonstration. I still had things to learn. I was amazed when she took Jim deep in her throat. Neither Susan or I had ever managed to do that. She must have practiced on William's big cock.

Phil was getting similar treatment, and then some.

"Fuck my mouth with your big cock."

Phil moved his hips back and forth forcing his cock in and out of Lucinda's mouth. Her throat bulged as she took the full length. Wow!

Before the guys could blow their loads the girls spread their legs.

"No, no cocks yet. Give us your tongues."

Not only was this strange pussy, but black pussy. I was really surprised that neither Jim, or even Phil, hesitated a moment. 

Jim did his usual magic, playing his tongue between Marietta's lips, teasing her clit, and sticking his tongue deep into her pussy. She pulled his head tightly into her pussy.

"Eat this black pussy, white boy. Taste me. Make me come."

My Jim received his education from my sister and was now very expert. I think eating a black girl was a super turn-on for him. I was proud of him.

"Eat me, honey. Taste my honey pot."

Phil quickly moved between Lucinda's legs and had his first taste of black pussy. She wasn't shy about directing his efforts. He licked up and down between Lucinda's lips. She spread her lips to display her pussy hole. The contrast between her black pussy lips and pink inside was erotic.

"Stick your tongue in my hole." If Phil hadn't, I think I would have. So sexy.

"Do you like my black pussy juice?" Phil paused for a second. "Yeah, you taste good." 

"Keep going. Make me come."

He finger-fucked her while licking her clit which became engorged and quite long. His face was covered with her juices. I was really proud of Phil. He had come a long way in his technique. 

Marietta and Lucinda weren't acting, they were having a good time. So good that both quickly climaxed.

"Fuck me. Do it. Stick that big cock in me," Lucinda demanded of Phil.

He positioned his cock at her pussy and pushed in. White cock into black pussy. Very sexy. And this was only Phil's second pussy ever.

My husband slipped into Marietta. I liked watching him move his hips back and forth, pushing his big, white cock into her. Our plan was a success. There was no way that they could criticize us for this morning's adventure. 

Taking advantage of the situation I motioned for George to join me. He positioned himself and pushed the head between my pussy lips. Lucky for me he didn't try to move too fast. His cock was the biggest so far. With each thrust his cock went a bit deeper. Then before hitting bottom, he pulled back and did some short strokes. I was surprised, however, when he then pulled his cock out and scooted up. He put his cock at my mouth.

"Lick my cock. I want you to taste your juices."

Now I had some idea how my pussy must taste to Jim. I sucked on George's cock as far as I could and cleaned him up. Just as quickly he re-mounted me. This time there was no finesse, just hard fucking.. He was very skilled and knew just how to vary the rhythm to keep me just below the brink. He was bigger than William and at least a couple of inches bigger than my husband. I decided then and there that I liked big cocks.

I looked over and saw Kylee riding William. Being on top helped her control his penetration into her tiny pussy. She still could only take a few inches. The blackness of his cock contrasted obscenely with her skin.

Jim and Phil had finished up and were now watching us both. Jim seemed relaxed so I guess needn't have worried. I hoped Phil wouldn't get too mad seeing Kylee with that big black cock. Bob joined the action and was doing sloppy seconds with Marietta.

Everything worked out well. We settled down and I brought out more drinks. Kylee couldn't help herself and confessed that William and George had come over that morning and played around. She didn't quite say she had been fucked but Phil didn't ask either.

Our little party broke up shortly thereafter. We didn't see William or George again before we went home. But we certainly have memories. And I do have the video of them with us.

How things change! A couple of years ago I was a virgin, engaged to be married. Totally without experience. My new husband is a wonderful lover, showing me the delights of sex. My sister and her husband have expanded my horizons. And this trip has given me experiences I would never have dreamed of. 

An invitation just arrived in the mail. Kylee and Phil are getting married in June at his parent's home in Santa Barbara. We are all invited. Should be fun.