 It was two days later that Alena received an unusual request that intrigued her:

Love your Pics. We're having a bachelor Party Tomorrow night. Can you do four of us? $1200 interest you???

Call _________ after 4.

Alena didn't respond for several hours. It was a lot of money. Each guy apparently putting up $300 to fuck her. When she finally called, it was a guy named Gary that she spoke with. 

"Yeah, we'll be at the Blue Heron Inn. It's a motel on Route 72."

"I know where it is," Alena said. "Now about the money...."

"Yeah, if you're the one in the picture... each one of us gives you $300, right?"

"Three hundred each, Gary," and then thinking about it for a second, she amended her statement. "No... $1200 for the four of you... and it had better be four and only four. My protector will be outside waiting for me. I can assure you that none of you are his equal, so, and I say this because you'll have been drinking and feeling your oats, you know? Guys like that get feisty, but it would be a mistake. My man can handle himself and he has something besides his fists to back him up. So it's $1200 up front for two hours. That should be plenty of time for everyone."

"What if we can go more than once?"

"As long as it's within the two hours it's fine by me."

"All holes open?"

"I don't do anal, Gary, sorry."

"Okay, okay... so we'll see you at the motel then."

"Gary... what time?"

"Oh, yeah... Um, say midnight Tomorrow night?"

"The parties tomorrow and not tonight, right?"

"Yeah... yeah, tomorrow," he said. 

"See you then, goodbye, Gary."

*****

A good-looking guy (who turned out to be Gary) met Alena at the door to the motel and after glancing around for her 'friend,' ushered her inside and whispered, "I was afraid you were gonna stand us up," and then quickly performed introductions.

"Hey, listen up you guys," he yelled over the rock & Roll music blaring from a CD player they must have brought with them. "This is Alena. Alena..." he paused to point at a redheaded guy to his left... "Matt, the Red. You too ought to hit it off all right, better find out if you're related, ha-ha. The mug in the black tee-shirt is Tim, and the one sitting in the chair is Lars.

Alena waved to them, saying, "Hi fellers. Who's getting married?"

That turned out to be Tim, who was already drunk.

All four men were devouring Alena's body, which was clad in a white cut-off tank top and cut-off shorts with black boots that ended four inches above the knee. She was confident the outfit would draw their attention, recalling Ellie's comment as she dressed for the occasion. Gee, Alena, you certainly achieved the slut look. Are you really going on a date that way?

She had replied that this guy liked her to dress this way, and that they were staying in, if Ellie knew what she meant.

"Well enjoy yourself. He certainly will!"

"First things first, Gary; can I have my money now, please?"

Gary handed her an envelope, which she opened and then counted the money inside. "One moment please. Be right back." That said, she ran out the door to her car and tossed the envelope onto the back seat and quickly locked the car and returned to the motel room.

"Hey now, Timmy!" she cried out, striding over to Tim and pushing him backward so that he fell onto the bed. Alena quickly straddled him and ran a hand through his dark, curly hair. From the corner of her eye she saw the others removing their clothing.

Alena lowered her head and kissed Tim on the mouth, using her tongue to force his mouth open, and then beginning a duel with his tongue. As the kiss continued, Alena found his hand and brought it to her breast. Tim gave it a squeeze through the tank top and Alena feigned a moan for his benefit.

Someone else's hands were already on her ass trying to feel her through her shorts. The hand went between her legs, fingers probing, seeking her pussy.

Alena felt Tim's hardon pressing against her pussy from the opposite direction and she almost laughed at the absurdity of it all. Here she was, willing to fuck and suck all four guys and they couldn't wait for her to take care of the guest of honor first.

She spread her legs so that Tim's boner was right up against her pussy, but of course, she was still fully clothed.

"Time out, guys!" she yelped and sprang off the bed. Almost immediately, Alena saw that it had been Lars groping at her pussy.

"Okay, first things first, guys; let me get naked. Then I'll have some fun with Tim, since he is the groom to be. Any objections?"

"No," said Gary. We want to see you naked."

"Could you leave the boots on?" Matt asked.

"Sure I can, it's Matt isn't it?"

"Yeah," he replied, pleased that she'd remembered his name.

Alena quickly removed her top, and then made a short show of peeling off her shorts over the thigh high boots. That left her breasts bare and she hefted them in her hands and thumbed the nipples, thinking it was a cute way to excite the men in the room with her. She should have realized they were all ready overheated, and raring to go. 

But she didn't; instead, she turned to Lars and said, "Would you like to remove my panties, big guy?"

He nodded silently and did so, pausing as the panties reached her thigh to begin lapping at her pussy.

"Oh, you are the naughty one, aren't you? Timmy gets first taste, or are you changing the rules?"

Lars immediately stopped what he was doing and stumbled away. Gary had to step in and finish removing her thong, tossing it at Tim's face.

"Why don't you get rid of those clothes, Tim? Your friends are all naked as a jay-bird, see?"

The moment his shorts hit the floor, Alena tackled him on the bed, toppling him onto his back. Then with the other three guys whooping like wild Indians, Alena, took his hardon into her mouth and got started with a rousing blowjob.

Tim went wild too; grabbing, squeezing, massaging her breasts and rolling her hardened nipples, signaling Alena that she too was already highly aroused. She responded by moving her hips in time to the raucous music blaring from the CD player someone had brought with them.

Tim's chest was very hairy and his nipples just peeked out from the forest of black hair. 

Alena tried to recapture control of the moment, saying, "Slow down lover, slow down. I'll take good care of you. Let me do the work. After tonight you won't have a bitch like me unless you're bride to be is as horny as me."

Her hand closed over his formidable hardon and began jerking him off. A moment later she felt a finger rubbing her pussy. Someone was behind her. She glanced back, saw it was Lars again. 

She decided to ignore him and concentrate on Tim, and ran her my long red nails down the length of his erection, causing him to groan.

Lars sent his finger into her wet cunt and quickly began fingering her, moving more rapidly with each thrust of his hand.

"You have a nice touch, Lars," she croaked, enjoying his fingering. "But I'm about to suck Tim's cock and don't need distractions, okay?"

Lars slowed down, but added a second finger as Alena took Tim's member into her mouth and gave him a heady blowjob.

Tim lasted about two minutes before coming in Alena's mouth. Laughing, she let his jizm drool from her mouth onto his nipples then rubbed it into his chest hair.

"kay, where's Matt?" she cooed, obviously disappointing Lars as the lanky redhead tapped her arm with his lengthy appendage from behind her.

"Oh, there you are! You're the naughty one... and with such a big one to go with all that naughtiness!"

Alena reached for him and stroked him several times before taking him in her mouth, making sure she licked along the underside with her tongue before swirling it over his pre-cum covered head. When she heard him moan with satisfaction, she sealed his cockhead between her lips and sucked hard.

Matt's hips began to quiver, and she tightened her hand around his base and squeezed hard.

"Don't cum just yet, okay, baby? Not yet, not yet."

He moaned but seemed unable to speak.

Alena released his cock from the tight grip and immediately swallowed the length of his eight inch member, astounding the others looking on. Inwardly, Alena was laughing, for her night with Patty and her husband she had learned how to take a man deep, and was now using the technique to enhance her performance with these recent college graduates on Tim's bachelor party.

Matt exploded down her throat.

Alena really had no choice but to swallow most of it, and did. Then she milked the remainder from his dick and wiped it off on her nipples, knowing one of them would eagerly lick it from them.

"Jesus Christ you can suck a dick!" Matt exclaimed happily.

"Thanks for the wonderful endorsement, Mattie. Who's next?"

Gary stepped forward, holding his six inch erection in his left hand.

"Mmmm, nice one, muscles," she purred and began working on him by taking a testicle into her mouth and sucking gently on it while teasing his asshole with a finger.

"Holy Shit!" Gary yelled, "She's fantastic. You gonna lick my ass, baby?"

"If you want to pay me a little bonus, yeah, sure I will."

"Twenty bucks?" he asked.

"Make it fifty," Alena countered.

"Done, do it! Lick my ass!"

"Your wish is my command, lover! Lay back and show me that ass of yours."

Gary did as requested and pulled his legs back toward his shoulders. Alena teased his asshole with her fingernail until he was squirming and begging her to stick her tongue in him.

Giggling with a new found power, Alena slowly licked from the base of his ass cleft to his balls, and then returned to the base again. Then taking his cock in her hand she began to jerk him off, slowly and matched the strokes with the lapping of her tongue.

Lars, it had to be Lars, she thought as a hard cock inserted itself into her cunt from behind. "Can't you wait?" she barked after turning her head toward the invader.

"Fuck no, I can't!" he whined.

"Then go real slow, I'm busy with Gary. Don't fuck his good time up."

"Okay, I'll go slow like you want... for now."

Alena buried her face in Gary's scrotum, forcing her tongue into his anus and causing him to moan loudly.

"Hey, you hurting him?" Tim yelled drunkenly.

"Fuck no! Gary bellowed, "She's the greatest!"

As if rewarding Gary for his compliment, Alena let a long string of saliva drip from her mouth to his anus, and then worked it into his ass with her finger. 

"Oh, Christ!" he moaned.

She felt Lars grow thicker inside her and thought he might cum in her before really giving her a decent fuck. Then it occurred to her that it didn't matter, there were four of them, surely several of them would fuck her before the time was up.

She began alternating a finger with her tongue in his ass, and within another minute his ejaculate soared up and landed on his stomach and lower chest. Gary was done for a while.

"Now Lars! Fuck me hard!" She yelled reaching back and grabbing his love muscle with her left hand and pulling him out of her pussy to rub his cockhead over her clit.

"You've got me so hot, baby! I have to feel you all over my pussy. I hope you don't mind."

"Not at all, we gonna fuck now?"

"You better believe it. Gotta get the others up for another round don't we?'

"Yeah, we do," he agreed as Alena continued using his cock like a dildo, moving over her open folds and then against her swollen clit.

Then with a loud moan, she yelled "Fuck me hard, Lars baby! Fuck me hard!" And plunged his cock into her cunt.

Lars impaled her on his manhood, and slammed it into her repeatedly without pause, until he had to stop to catch his breath.

"Can you do that again?" Alena asked, hoping he could. "I mean, I started coming a while back and want to cum a couple more times. Can you do it again, sweetie?'

He was unable to resist her stroking his ego and gave it his best effort. Alena came three times before he petered out, and when he exploded inside her she came one last time and collapsed against him. They lay panting on the bed while the others began stroking their cocks into readiness for the next round.

It was Tim who asked her if she was ready for him.

"Um, yeah... sure. Lemme grab this pillow, okay?"

"Sure, whatever," he replied.

.

Alena positioned her face in the pillow and raised her rump toward Tim. He mounted her from the rear and slipped into the slimy walls of her vagina with an ease that's startled him.

"Jesus, you're loose," he blurted.

"No... it's his sperm in there. I'm lubed up, really lubed up, you know? I'm tight, I really am, Tim. Now let's get it on!"

Tim quickly began to pummel her pussy, his hips providing so much power that he was lifting the lower half of her body off the bed as he fucked he like a wild animal.

Alena's breasts heaved, her body shook. Opening her eyes, she saw another cock inches from her nose. She reached for it, gave it a squeeze and brought it to her mouth before realizing it was Gary's prick in her hand.

It proved difficult to suck him with Tim fucking her so hard and after trying to blow him for a minute or so, she gave up.

Tim groaned and came in her. Gary was on her immediately, only Gary was after her ass.

"No anal, Gary!" she gasped, but he was adamant and forced his dick into her anus without much difficulty. She was wet everywhere, and that included her ass. Gary had lubed himself with something too, and that helped. Of course, Alena was not an anal virgin, and so they went at it, both of them grunting feveredly, with her climaxing well before he did.

Matt wanted to jump her bones right after Gary pulled his flaccid dick from her poop-chute, but she begged off.

"Give me a couple minutes, will you?" she panted, struggling to regain her breath. Alena glanced at his erection and laughed. "You don't know how much of a compliment that is," she said, truthfully.

Matt's hand moved up between my legs, but Alena hardly noticed, even when he sent two fingers into her. He tried to kiss her, but she shook her head, "Not now, Matt. Not now."

She studied his cock. Yeah, he's got the big dick, she told herself, looking at how it curved upward like a banana. 

"Okay, baby. Put that big fellow in me," she crowed and Matt knelt before her and bent his cock down, fit it in her opening and with a quick hard thrust, sent the entire length into her.

"OHHH, BABY!" Alena howled as he filled her with his manhood. The other men looked on in awe at her easy acceptance of his appendage.

Matt fucked her with a vengeance, plowing deep with each stroke, and within a minute, Alena was moving to meet his hard thrusts, wondering how long he could keep it up.

She felt the familiar thrill of an oncoming orgasm when he suddenly slowed down and stopped. He looked down at her, disbelievingly. Then he carefully took her arms and tenderly pulled her up against him. Alena crossed her legs behind him, making sure he stayed inside her. She was caught off-guard when he kissed her and responded without thinking, but used her legs to squeeze him a sort of a rocking motion that got him moving inside her again.

The orgasm came rushing from some hidden reservoir of nerve endings and overwhelmed her.

"Come with me, sweetie," she begged, feeling his bent cock twitch inside her.

And with the first spurt of his jizm she came again and squeezed him with her vaginal muscles, and that action brought on another orgasm of pleasure.

Suddenly, Alena realized that Matt was gone, but there was another cock in her! 

Lars! 

He had spread her legs and positioned her so that her head and shoulders rested on the pillow she had had her face buried in earlier.

"What are you do...?"

Her legs were now up in the air, held under his arms. 

She didn't protest any further, but went with the flow as he reentered her and began fucking. 

Alena had never thought of screwing in such a position, but it was incredible. His steely cock was constantly rubbed against her G-spot. 

Another sensation hit her. Tim was squeezing her breasts and sucking on a nipple. It was heavenly! Absolutely heavenly.

And then another! With Lars pounding into her, Gary had positioned himself so that he could tongue her clit. But he must be touching Lars cock with his mouth, she thought fleetingly, and found that the thought of him doing so only aroused her more.

In no more than a couple of minutes Alena found herself screaming without realizing it. It seemed to excite the guys so much that they increased their efforts and it wasn't long before a gigantic orgasm hit her. But they kept at her, holding the orgasm at peak levels for what seemed an eternity to Alena. 

Then, abruptly Lars withdrew. Alena looked up and saw him jerking his dick and with a few finishing strokes he came in three gigantic jets of semen. 

The first shot landed on her chin, slowly rolling towards her lips. He was still holding on to her legs as he shook his dick spraying the remainder over her breasts and stomach. When he finally relaxed he looked lovingly at her as she licked at some of his semen, which had now trickled into her mouth. 

Gary was still licking and sucking on her clitoris as she shuddered through the final moments of the long orgasm.

Alena lay in a semi-stupor as Gary helped Tim reposition her so that her legs were spread wide apart. Alena had the vaguest notion that they were staring at the semen drooling out of her cunt then saw Tim moving in between her legs. 

Gary cursed as he discovered his hand was covered with Lars cum after touching Alena's breasts while moving her. He quickly wiped the hand on the couch cushion and then went into the bathroom to wash his hands.

Tim was about to drive his cock into her when it suddenly went limp. He looked down at it and cursed. Off to the side, Gary laughed and Tim threw himself at Gary, punching him on the shoulder before Lars got his arms around Tim and pulled him away. That appeared to take the fight out of Tim, and with a stifled sob, he dropped back onto the couch with Alena.

Alena sat up, her face only a foot away from Tim's flaccid penis. They made eye contact as she took it in her hand and slowly stroked it. She thought she felt it hardening a little. He had a look on his face as if he didn't think it was worth the effort, but that he was just obliging her.

"I want you hard again, Tim," she said, trying to make him feel wanted "I was looking forward to feeling you inside me."

"I don't know what happened. I wanted to fuck you so bad." He was almost crying.

"Don't worry," Alena reassured him. "It's the booze and maybe the drugs. It happens. But don't worry about it; really, it's all right."

She licked the head of his penis. It was indeed waking up again. She took it in her mouth, holding tight at its root, almost forcing it hard, and clearly heard his gasp. It was growing quickly. Alena took it out of her mouth and looked at it before stroking it several more times in succession. 

Tim's eyes were closed, his head bent back. All of a sudden he jerked and leaned forward as he sent a stream of semen all over Alena's face. She licked the semen off her lips, marveling at its heat against her tongue. And through it all she continued jerking him off, stroking him until he finished ejaculating and grew soft once more.

Alena wiped her face and looked at him again. 

He looked even more embarrassed if that were possible. She squeezed the last drops out of him and smiled at him, making sure he got the message that that I found him spraying at my face very erotic.

"Don't say you couldn't," I said to him.

"But it was too quick," he whined.

"At least you came. Next time you won't be so excited."

Matt was leaning over the couch and tweaking her nipples.

"You want to fuck me, Red?" Alena whispered trying for a sexy tone.
