 Ellie Wong was watching the late night news when Alena came into the apartment.

"So, how'd your date go?" she inquired as she peeled a banana that was turning brown.

"It was okay," Alena replied as she kicked off her shoes and plopped down in the only other chair in the room beside the couch where Ellie was sprawled, her mouth half full of banana.

"You get laid?"

"Is that really any of your business?" Alena said trying to avoid any discussion of her "date."

"I hope you did," her Asian roomie replied. "I love fucking; I think it helps me study better for days afterward."

"Is that why you let those guys screw you fore and aft the other day?" Alena said caustically.

Ellie didn't seem to mind, coming back immediately with: "I'd always wanted to try that, but you know, most guys would be kinda icky about it, you know? I mean, having another guys cock rubbing against his. And then there's the possibility the other guy might accidently on purpose touch him with his penis. Yuck! I mean, I like the idea of two cocks buzzing around me. Even thinking about it makes me dizzy, not to mention wet, you know?"

Alena nodded in understanding and actually felt bad about throwing that situation at her roommate. But Ellie took no offense, and asked if Alena had any fresh batteries that she might use for her vibrator. 

"I'm really horny and could use a nice cum, but my bats are empty and I didn't feel up to running out to buy some. So, you got any spares. I mean, I don't want to use yours, um, unless you don't mind?"

Alena got up, went into her bedroom and returned a moment later to toss a pink vibrator in Ellie's lap.

"Oh, thanks, Alena!" she chirped and took off for her room.

A few minutes later, Alena heard the unmistakable sounds of Ellie reaching a thunderous orgasm. 

Alena began thinking about the possibility of teaming up with her Asian roomie as an occasional partner with certain clientele. The more she turned the possibilities over in her head, the more she liked the idea. 

________________________________________

Alena met an interesting couple a day later. As usual she'd met them by answering an ad found on Backpage.

They told her their names were Alan and Kathy. They were a thirty-something couple and appeared to be married, but Alan knew enough by now not to assume anything about her potential clients.

"So you're interested in find a third wheel for this coming weekend?" Alena said after their coffee arrived at the café table.

"Yes," Kathy answered quietly, almost shyly. But under the circumstances Alena knew she was anything but shy.

"Um, Alena, right?" Alan said, interrupting Kathy, or perhaps taking over by a prearranged signal, it's like this, there's not much information available about threesomes."

Alena nodded and managed to get in a simple "Yes," before he was off and running again. "Yeah, good,' he said acknowledging the fact that he'd gotten her name right. "So it's like this. Orgies are simple enough to handle. People show up at a sex party prepared, at least in theory, to shed their inhibitions in exchange for a night of unbridled ecstasy. Foursomes are simple, too. Couples, for the most part, internalize their doubts and come out ready to play. Even threesomes involving a couple and a single male are similarly uncomplicated. Kathy will tell you there's no shortage of males willing to play.

"But the classic ménage a trois—two women and one male--is another beast entirely. I feel most females view sex emotionally. She wants to be the center of attention, if only for a night. Almost without exception, the women we've bedded were looking for something more complex than sexual gratification, whether it was romance, friendship, or simply two people to shower them with attention. As a couple, you need to be sensitive to this dynamic.

"Oh, yeah, and you better have your own house in order, too. Jealous types need not apply, nor people looking to repair a faltering relationship. Neither partner should pressure or otherwise manipulate the other into a threesome scenario. If the two of you aren't prepared to be completely open and honest with each other then the threesome is best left as an idle fantasy. We've met too many women whose past threesome experiences were ruined by unstable couples.

"Many people will tell you threesomes just happen. Well, perhaps in Penthouse Forum they do, but out in the living world you have to lay a certain foundation. It's like dating really, unless you put yourself in the right situation and put forth some effort it won't happen. Even when Kathy and I are at our most spontaneous, we have a certain way of approaching things."

Alena was fascinated by his words. Had he prepared this monologue in advance, or did he have an encyclopedic knowledge of the subject from trial and error?

"Potential partners abound. That's not the problem. The problem is most couples waste their effort on the wrong women. There isn't really a "type" per se. We've dated confident, aggressive experts and shy, inexperienced debutantes. But what these women had in common was a certain curiosity, flexibility, openness, and a willingness to meet us half way. They had a playful attitude about sex and didn't recoil in horror when the subject came up in casual conversation."

At this point, Allan changed course, asking Alena: "What's the wildest thing you've ever done?"

Alena took a moment to mull that over. She decided it had been the bachelor party, and told them about it in some detail.

"But are you comfortable with the idea of a threesome?"

She smiled at him, then turned to Kathy and smiled at her too. "Allan, I'm here in answer to your ad. Of course I like sex. I like all kinds of sex, and since I expect to be well paid for participating in any threesomes with you two I'll share myself as equally as possible with both of you and leave any notions of falling for one or the other of you at the door."

Allan and Kathy exchanged a meaningful glance as Alena continued.

"I can assure you ... both, that you won't find me bickering with either of you as long as I'm paid promptly. I realize what you're doing is essentially a weeding out process; that's why I'm attempting to clarify my position on threesomes. I have had experience in bi-sexual relationships. I told you earlier, I like sex. What I don't like is being hurt unnecessarily. I won't tolerate it. I should tell you up front that if I am mistreated I have people who will extract a terrible punishment from you on my behalf. I don't expect that to happen, but I think you should know in the event you have something like that planned in lieu of the threesome we're discussing."

Of course, Alena had no such person available, but Allan and Kathy had no way of knowing that, and that fact provided Alena with all the protection she thought she needed.

"I also practice safe sex and discretion," she added before finishing her response.

Kathy reached out and covered Alena's hand with her own. "I like you, Alena. In fact, I'm dying to get you into my bed. I'm sure Allan is too. Now, how much would you require for this coming weekend?"

"By weekend what exactly do you mean?"

"Let's say you come to our home around four on Saturday afternoon?"

"And when would I be leaving?"

"That would be up to you, but for our purposes, let's say ten o'clock Sunday night."

"That will cost you $2500," Alena said without batting an eye.

"Two thousand even," Kathy countered.

"All right, two even," Alena said and stood up. She shook both their hands and accepted a card from Kathy with their address and left, feeling giddy at the prospect of making that much money for two days work.

________________________________________

That evening, while watching The Survivor's with Ellie, she decided to ask her Asian roomie if she'd ever considered charging anyone for sex.

"You want to pay me to have sex with you?" Ellie blurted.

"God, no!" Alena laughed. "I meant have you ever considered, you know, prostituting yourself to supplement your income?'

Now it was Ellie's turn to laugh. "You know every woman daydreams about it. But have I ever given serious thought to it. I'd have to say no. I have almost all the money I need, and can get more from my father with a phone call. But why do you ask?"

"A very short time ago, I was dead broke. I mean, I didn't have a quarter to my name. I had been booted out of my apartment by my so-called boyfriend because I was late with the rent. Desperate, I answered an ad on Craig's List. I agreed to meet him the following night, but in the meantime I was reduced to scrounging around in a garbage can for something to eat."

"My God!" her wide-eyed roommate gasped.

"Well, I wasn't exactly a virgin, you know? But it wasn't anything like I had done before."

"He raped you?"

"Oh, no, in fact ... he was very nice about things. He wanted me to masturbate, it was uncomfortable at first, but you know, you reach a certain point and really don't give a shit who's watching you."

"I hear that," Ellie said, but her face was deadly serious.

"He jerked off watching me. In fact, we sort of came together, you know?"

"Wow!"

"And then he had me take a bath."

"A bath?"

"And he joined me in the tub and we did it. I'd never done it like that before and I thought it so romantic that I came very hard."

"Can ... can I borrow your thingy again, Alena?"

"It's in the right hand drawer of my dresser. Be sure to clean it good when you're finished."

"I will, I promise!' she called through the door. Alena heard the batteries running before she returned to the couch and lay down.

Ten minutes later, Ellie opened the bedroom door and called out, "I'll do it!"

"What?" Alena said, puzzled by her comment.

"I'll be a whore with you if you want me too."

"Okay, I'll see what we can work out."

"Maybe this weekend, huh?" Ellie cooed. 

"Sorry, I've got a threesome set in concrete this weekend; maybe Tuesday or Wednesday."

"Yeah, okay, whenever," Ellie chirped seemingly happier than Alena had ever seen her before, even when getting laid during their mini-orgy the week before.

________________________________________

Eric had told her that he wanted her anally at their next tryst. So late Thursday afternoon, with Ellie off at a movie, Alena had the bathroom to herself and set out preparing herself for her anal deflowering and followed his explicit instructions.

She filled the enema bag with a quart and a half of warm water and hung it on the side of the shower. Turning over to one side, she carefully placed the tip into her anus. Taking a deep breath, Alena released the clamp and sighed as the water rushed into her. She was surprised at how fast the bag emptied into her. As instructed, she lay back and let the water do its thing. It was a strange experience, somewhat enjoyable after the initial apprehension wore off. She waited until certain the water had done its job then carefully got up out of the tub and hurried to sit on the toilet.

She tried to relax as her stomach gurgled wildly and then began the process of expelling the water. She noticed the residue in the bowel was not clear and knew she would have to repeat the enema again. 

Wrapped in a towel, she walked into the bedroom and selected a text book and sat down to read a chapter or two, knowing she had at least a thirty minute wait before attempting another enema.

After the bag emptied into her, Alena lay back and slowly rubbed her belly. It made it more difficult for her to hold in but she felt that she'd get any small residue through this hybrid washing cycle.

She reached the toilet just in time, releasing almost all the fluid with the first burst from her bowels. When she examined the contents she found the water clear and gave a thin smile. "Okie dokie, Eric, like it or not, I'm as clean as I'm gonna be, here I come."

________________________________________

On entering the hotel room with Eric, he had her strip and kneel on the bed with her ass up in the air. He moved behind her and spread her cheeks then sniffed.

Alena couldn't help but giggle.

"Good girl," he said approvingly and began to lick her anus. 

"Ohhh!" a startled Alena cooed.

Eric abruptly moved away from her, wiping his mouth on his shirt sleeve. "Now let's see how you go about your business. I'd like a little suck if you don't mind."

Alena didn't mind, and deftly unbuttoned and unzipped his pants, sliding them down his legs and letting him step out of them before tossing them casually aside. Eric pulled his shirt off and added it to the pile, revealing his still decently muscled, upper torso. Alena had to admit he was in excellent physical shape for a middle-aged man. But it was even more appreciation that she admired the formidable erection that bulged in the boxer shorts he still wore.

Alena playfully stuck out her tongue before running it up over the fabric of his boxers that still contained his jutting cock. It bobbed under Alena's tongue and she looked up at him with a smile in her eyes as her fingers slid into the waistband and pulled his boxers down. 

Eric's hands became entwined in her hair, pulling it back from her face so that might watch her devour his cock.

Alena, now a well practiced cocksucker, slid her mouth down over him, soaking his cock with her warm saliva as she moved her head up and down on his pulsing shaft. 

His hand tightened on her ponytail and she moaned. He pushed his cock deeper into her mouth, and Alena felt the spongy head of his cock against the back of her throat and fought the gag reflex, momentary sputtering before taking him deeper, and holding him there, looking up at him, while his hands clutched the back of her head, prolonging his pleasure. 

"Fuck, you have come a long way since our first meeting," he sighed and began a series of short thrusts into her mouth before easing himself from her mouth and allowing Alena to fill her lungs with some much needed oxygen.

Moments later her mouth was on him again, licking and sucking his slippery shaft, tasting the salty sweetness of his pre-cum in her mouth. 

"Mmm.... do you suck your boyfriend's cock like this?" he inquired with a smile.

"I don't think I've ever sucked his cock the way I'm sucking yours right now," she replied with a little grin. "But then I wasn't a dirty slut when he and I were together."

"Really? Is that the truth, Alena?"

"I wasn't a virgin when we met, Eric. But then I wasn't all that experienced either."

"But you are experienced now, aren't you?"

"Yes, I am. I have answered other ads besides yours. Several of which provided me with a virtual course on sexual practices ... unusual practices."

She moved down to lick his balls, sliding them into her mouth while stroking his wet cock with her hand. She listened to his breathing as it intensified; felt him trying to hold back from cumming.

She let his member drop from her hand and sat back on her heels, looking up at him. "Eric," she purred, and got his attention then slid two wet fingers into her mouth, adding more saliva to them before taking his cock back into her mouth.

"What are you ....?"

Alena quickly sent the two fingers to his asshole, felt it clench at the first contact, but managed to work one in about an inch. He moaned and she tried adding the second finger, but he wouldn't allow it and she stopped trying.

"Didn't you like that?" She asked sweetly.

"A little," he rasped. "I liked it a little, but just a little."

"Suck me some more," he gasped as the finger returned to his anus.

Alena needed no further encouragement, taking him deep down her throat and humming, the vibrations from which she well knew would add greatly to the fellating she was about to finish.

Alena kept humming until she felt his cock pulse twice, then she began rapidly jabbing her finger in and out of his ass.

He groaned, "My wonderful slut!"

Sucking furiously, Alena gurgled a reply while adding the other finger to his ass. Eric's body twitched and he started to cum. 

Knowing what he wanted, Alena yanked him from her mouth and directed the next two fusillades of sperm at her face, splattering across her left eyelid, the bridge of her nose, and the tip of her tongue.

When he was finished cumming, Eric wiped his cock off on her breasts and told her to turn over. Alena obliged him, and he swung his leg over her so that he was facing her body. He moved up to allow her hands to grip his muscular ass and spread the cheeks.

"Alena ... you know ...."

She knew all right. She pressed her tongue against Eric's asshole, felt it tense in expectation of its slithering into him. Knowing it would heighten everything, she made him wait, her tongue poised to strike like a snake's fangs, and then just when he began to think she'd had second thoughts about doing him, she sent her tongue stealthily into his asshole.

"OH!"

Alena licked and sucked at his anus until too tired to move her jaw. 

Eric had been very receptive to her innovative actions, returning the favor as it were by leaning across her body to play with her clit and run his fingers through her juicy slit until she was nearing an orgasm.

Eric groaned, "Alena my great ass licking slut. I absolutely adore you. I...."

But he stopped and never finished the sentence.

"Oh, look," Alena cried, "My old man is hard for me!"

And he was, fully erect and ready to fuck.

"I've never fucked your ass, Alena."

"I know, I've saved it for you," she lied. "Please go easy on me, I understand it can hurt."

"You like being my whore, don't you," he murmured hotly into her ear. 

He moved behind her and she braced herself on her forearms and buried her face in a pillow.

"Raise up a little more," he said.

Alena lifted her ass to a higher level and took a deep breath. She was expecting a sudden assault, but Eric liked her too much for that. He knew how to deflower an anus and took pains to alleviate the normal suffering encountered in most anal deflowerings by sinking his cock into her pussy, covering his shaft with her juices as he leisurely fucked her from behind. 

Alena moaned when his thumb pressed firmly against her rosebud. He increased the speed of his thrusts, enjoying the sight of Alena's tits bouncing and jiggling from the pounding he was providing.

"Ugh ... ugh ... ugh!" Alena gasped, reveling his varied angle technique that brought his penis into contact with a different part of her cunt with each stroke.

His thumb finally invaded her asshole and she bit down on her lower lip, drawing blood. Alena realized she was incredibly turned on; perhaps more than she'd ever been before. She told herself: This man is unique as a lover. And he's paying me to partner with hi, I should be paying him!

Finally she felt the soft, spongy tip of Eric's cock pressing against her virgin hole. In all other circumstances, Alena would have tensed up, but the dirty sensuality of the moment, had her pushing back against his cock. His hands caressed her hips, gripping them tightly as he sent his cock into her darkest depths.

Alena began to count as he worked it deeper. "Sixty-four ... sixty-five ... I can't believe how long it's taking!" Then it occurred to her that if he hurried things it might hurt a hell of a lot more than the slight pain she was now feeling.

At the three minute mark, Alena realized he was completely immersed in her ass. The tight burn, present from the first, had all but dissipated, and she sighed then took a deep breath.

"So you know I'm all the way in, do you?"

"Yes ... all the way in," she said repeating his words.

"How does it feel?"

"It feels so good, surprisingly good."

"Now I'm going to fuck you."

He began by using long, slow strokes, gradually building speed. 

Alena's eyes glazed over as the idea of being completely filled with a cock took over. She instinctively began clenching and unclenching her ass muscles.
