 The following morning, Alena flipped through a psychology text, trying to concentrate on the pretentious jargon, but she was distracted by having to ask Ellie if she wanted to take part in what had to be a massive orgy with them as centerpieces.

After a few more minutes she tossed the book aside. It's useless, she thought, I can't get any real work done until I resolve my problem with that couple.

Alena pulled on a pair of jeans and a sweatshirt and headed out to grab a quick sandwich and in between bites, called the thirty-something couple. She was delighted when Kathy answered. 

"Hello?"

"Hi Kathy?"

"Yes?"

"It's Alena ... you remember? We have a date for tonight?"

"We have a date for the weekend, yes. What is it, Alena?"

"Yes ... the weekend."

"Is there a problem?"

"Yes and no. I'd better explain," Alena said hurriedly. "I umm, can't stay Saturday night. In fact, I have to leave around fourish."

"That's rather early," Kathy said, sounding unhappy."

"I thought, umm, I thought we might accelerate things tonight and finish strong following breakfast on Saturday."

"Well I ... that is," Kathy said slowly, trying to get Alena to change her mind, or at least determine the reason for the schedule change. "We thought we'd be wrapping things up around ten or so."

"I know, and I sincerely apologize. It's just that I have to be somewhere, I'd rather not discuss it, but I really need to be elsewhere Saturday night."

"But we agreed on a price...."

"Yes, I know, but can we make an agreeable adjustment, say $2000 instead of $2500?"

"I don't know, Alena. Let me talk it over with Alan. He may want to cancel the whole thing."

"Oh, I hope not," Alena said and meant it. She needed the money.

"Can I call you back; say about an hour from now?"

"Yeah ... sure, that'd be fine. Please tell Allan I'm sorry about the inconvenience, but I really don't have a choice in the matter."

"An hour then," Kathy said.

"Yeah, bye, Kathy."

Kathy hung up without saying anything further. ________________________________________

Ellie popped in after her last class for the day and Alena broached the sex for pay subject again when she came out of the shower, wearing only a large bath towel.

"Oh, I'm definitely interested." her Asian roomie replied happily. "I'm naturally horny and I haven't been laid since we met those guys at the mall. Ellie made a point of sending a hand under the towel and rubbing her pussy.

"Good, I have something for us tomorrow night. Some kind of party, I don't have any details, sorry."

"A party means more than one guy. That's fine with me. College guys?" she threw out as an afterthought.

"No, I think it's some Asian guys."

"Oooo, my people! I love it! They fuck hard but not long. Sounds like easy money for us."

"Well, we'll see. I haven't got the details yet, but I've got something going tonight. It's a couple wanting me to join them; otherwise I'd have tried to work you in."

"That's okay; just leave me your vibrator."

"I'll do that, Ellie. Sorry I can't help you out tonight."

"So tomorrow night we go out together, right?" "Absolutely." ________________________________________

Alena dressed carefully for her appointment with Alan and Kathy, hoping when Alan called it wouldn't be to cancel their arrangement entirely. Her amber curls tumbled just past her shoulders, resting on the top of the curve of her breast. She wore a shirt with a slinky, satiny silver material, a halter top with thin straps that went down in a "V" over her stomach, the tip of the V ending at her belly button. With loose material hanging at the top of it and pooling between her breasts, it emphasized her perky breasts, and she was pleased that a bra was completely unnecessary. The short black skirt hugged her hips and ass snugly, the hem fluttering just two inches below her firm cheeks, while black leather boots encased her legs all the way up to her thighs. She looked damn good.

At six on the dot, Alena answered the phone. It was Allan.

"I don't appreciate you're cutting us short," he began without any preamble. "But we still want to do it. Be here by seven or earlier if possible." 

Alena nodded her agreement, then realized that he couldn't see her and stammered that she was ready and would leave within the next five minutes if that was all right with him.

It was. ________________________________________

Both Kathy and her husband, Allan were very cordial to her on her arrival. Alena accepted a glass of wine and sat next to Allan on a long sofa. Kathy, wearing a short, silk red robe, sat down on the couch, sandwiching Alena between them.

Allan startled her by asking right off, "How many cocks have you had this week?"

If Kathy was surprised by this question her face gave no indication. Alena decided they had agreed to begin by shocking her if at all possible.

"Six in all," she replied after taking a moment to form her response.

"Are you sure it was six?" Kathy asked with a small smile. By taking turns asking questions of her, Alena was forced to turn from one to the other to answer them. 

"Would you prefer that I lie to you?" she asked Kathy.

"No," Allan said, "we prefer the truth."

"Well then, it was six," Alena said firmly.

Allen opened his fly and took his cock out. It was semi-hard, and yet still impressive. Alena thought that they had fucked before her arrival.

"On your knees, please," he said quietly. Alena rose from the sofa and knelt facing him. He slapped her across the face with his cock.

"One," she said calmly and quietly.

"Good," he replied and slapped her five more times, concentrating on hitting her upper and lower lips each time.

"... five ... six..." she counted, and then waited, her eyes never leaving his.

Allan wrapped his fingers in her hair and pulled, until her ass lifted off her heels. Alena's mouth opened involuntarily, and she closed her eyes for the briefest of seconds.

"You want me too ...." She began, but he cut her off, saying: "Suck me until I'm hard."

As her tongue swept over the tip of his erection, Alena sensed his wife leaving the couch to stand next to her.

"She's really quite lovely, dear," Kathy said dryly.

"Yes ... isn't she?" Allan replied as Alena cupped his ball sac while absorbing half of him into her velvety wet mouth.

A sideward glance revealed that Kathy had shed the robe revealing that all she wore was a corset. Her breasts were supported, but bare and her nipples were hard and tight. 

Alena made a gluck -- gluck sound as Allan forced himself deeper into her mouth and she had to swallow the buildup of saliva to make room for him.

Kathy's hand darted under her skirt and unobstructed by anything else, her fingers found Alena's pussy.

"She's...anxious, Allan," Kathy giggled.

Alena's eyes widened as the other woman's fingers knowingly explored the folds between her legs.

"Mmmm, I'd say she's quite wet."

Allan slowly extracted his penis from her mouth, leaving a long string of saliva that Alena couldn't keep her eyes off until it snapped and the longer end lightly slapped against her chin. Allan laughed, and said, "Let's try the bedroom, shall we?"

Alena absent-mindedly wiped the saliva from her chin as she followed both husband and wife into their bedroom and joined them on their bed.

Allan was fiddling with a remote control while Kathy's fingers revisited Alena's pussy. Alena drew her knees up to give the other woman more freedom to see what she was doing as she fingered Alena, occasionally brushing over a part of her vagina that seemed extra sensitive.

Alena moaned as a new warmth uncoiled deep inside her. Alena's hand reached out to caress Kathy's face to show her appreciation for the woman's ministrations.

Allan turned on a tape in the VCR, and then cupped Alena's left breast and gave it a slow, pleasurable squeeze.

Pleased with how they were treating her, Alena allowed herself a low satisfied moan and reached out to tease one of Kathy's elongated nipples. 

"I love this film," Allan said as the opening credits rolled.

"What?" Alena blurted, having been distracted by Kathy's exquisite fingering and to a lesser extent, Allan's nipple play.

"Oh, we always watch some film when we play, dear," Kathy chirped, then slowly extracted her fingers and brought them to Alena's mouth. "Have a taste, darling," she purred.

Alena's mouth opened automatically, accepting the proffered fingers and cleansed them by sucking lightly on them.

"Good?"Kathy inquired with a mischievous smile. "Mmmm," Alena replied as she relinquished the fingers back to Kathy, who reinserted them back into the warm wetness of Alena's cunt.

Alena jerked with pleasure as Kathy found her g-spot and pressed upon it.

"Yes! That's the spot, baby!" Alena cooed, while Kathy, knowing exactly what she was doing, intensified her rubbing there.

"You ... you'll make me cum ...." "Many, many times, darling; and the night is young," Kathy whispered huskily, "Now watch the movie. I think you'll like the star."

Alena turned her attention to the TV and saw a woman being passed around a green topped table. "It's poker night at a friend's house," Allan told her. 

"Fuck ... it's you!" Alena cried out in surprise, looking down at Kathy.

"I hope you like my acting, darling," Kathy giggled.

"But I saw credits and everything!"

"Borrowed them from another movie just for the fun of it," Allan laughed. "Don't you like our little surprise?"

Allan busied himself removing the remainder of Alena's clothing, leaving her naked on the bed between them.

Alena watched the screen and saw Kathy being penetrated by a huge black cock and then fucked doggy-style as she leaned on the table.

Once the black cock was fully inside her, another man tendered his equally lengthy member to her mouth and she gleefully took him on.

"My wife is quite talented, don't you agree?" "She is ... very much so," Alena replied, delighting both husband and wife.

Then both women were laughing delightedly as Allan pulled them onto his lap, one on each leg. They kissed one another passionately, first Alena tonguing Kathy, then Kathy mashing her mouth against Allan, and finally Allan passionately smothering Alena with wet rough kisses. Hands were everywhere: Breasts, thighs, cock and cunts. The tape played on with no one paying much if any attention to it. The women busied themselves fingering each other's pussy until both were moaning non-stop. 

Allan began sucking on Alena's breasts, and caressing his wife's lovely derrière, increasing the volume of their respective moans.

Kathy finally pushed Alena back and fell between her legs, licking, kissing and sucking away at the college girl's clit.

Allan got behind Kathy and began pressing his dick into her pussy, stretching her out as she went down on Alena. In turn, Alena's unmistakably feminine hands wrapped themselves in Kathy's curls in order to pull her cunnilingual partner closer.

Kathy responded by sending two fingers into Alena to rub frantically on her g-spot while sucking feverishly on her clit.

With Allan pounding into his wife from behind, Kathy had a little problem in maintaining a place from which she could attack Alena's clit properly, sliding on and off the slick flesh she so badly wanted to gobble up.

But her fingers remained in place and soon Alena was jerking and bucking frantically as she started to cum from the woman's insistent fingers. "Oh My God!" Alena screamed and came. 

Allan pulled out of his wife and turned to Alena demanding that she finish him off by blowing him. Still shuddering from the throes of her climax, Alena managed to take him in hand and direct his glistening cock to her mouth; then fingering herself with one hand to keep the sensations going, she held him in the other, moving her head back and forth until she felt him spray her tonsils with his load.

"Good one!" he yelled as he rolled away from her. Alena never paused, but fell upon the supine Kathy and ate her out, using fingers as well as mouth and tongue.

Seven or eight minutes later, Kathy's body was raked with orgasmic spasms as she came screaming out her joyous relief.

They lay entwined, sated for the moment, but the action on the television screen soon brought them back to a state of full arousal.

"I think she's worth the money, darling," Kathy croaked happily.

Alena assumed a supine position, with Allan's hand resting possessively on her rear and turned her attention to the television screen where Kathy was now sixty-nining with a coffee colored female with gigantic tits.

But it was Kathy whose hips were churning away, almost a blur as the evident pleasure coursed through her body. Then the coffee colored woman was crowing out as her orgasm swept over her too. What made this film different from most, other than the fact that Alena was watching the couple next to her star in it, was that as soon as the women finished cumming, they were quickly mounted by seemingly fresh men with throbbing cocks.

On the bed, Kathy was whispering dirty words in her husband's ear as she nibbled his ear lobe. She was not ignoring Alena either; reaching a hand around to caress the smooth curves of Alena's ass, while the other hand pinched her husband's nipple. 

"When are you gonna fuck me, huh stud? When are you gonna stick it up my ass?" Kathy hissed gleefully.

"Soon baby. Soon," he replied with a guilty glance at Alena.

"Alena why don't you eat my baby here out?" he said and Alena knew why he'd had such a guilty look.

They're paying me, so I might as well, she thought and moved down between Kathy's thighs, spreading them to provide Allan with a decent view of what was going to happen. 

I wonder how long they'll last at this rate. She wondered, then parted Kathy's labia and sent her tongue into the other woman's cunt.

Soon the room was filled with sexual sounds. Kathy's sighs and moans as Alena tongued her. Alena's gasping and sucking slurps. And from the television came the relentless pounding of the big black man's cock as it slapped against into the coffee-colored girl's ass.

Last but not least, in the background, Allan could be seen along with another man, both fucking Kathy, fore and aft, with Allan providing the rear penetration. ________________________________________

Back on the bed, Kathy's chest was heaving in response to Alena's mouth and tongue, on her way to an intense orgasm. 

Alena, maintaining a professional calm, slid a finger into her mouth then worked it between Kathy's ass cheeks, pressing the barely lubricated digit against and then into her ass hole. 

Kathy moaned as the finger continued to work its way deeper into her anus. Alena realized early on that Kathy was a frequent participant in varied types of anal play.

Then Alena deliberately maneuvered Kathy, positioning her in such a way that Allan was blocked off from seeing what she was about to do to his spouse.

With her left forearm resting nonchalantly on Kathy's rib cage and Kathy's left arm kind of flopped across Alena's lap for want of a better place to put it, Alena asked Kathy, "does it still hurt when he uses his big cock on your ass?"

"Uh-uh," Kathy replied with a broad smile. "I'm used to it. It's quite pleasant to feel that sensation back there. Actually I've been turned on by anal since I was a teenager."

"Oh?" Alena said, hoping to keep her talking.

"Mmmm, yeah. I mean, I was raised a Catholic; and the only birth control I knew before college was anal. I can't believe I'm telling you about it. I've never mentioned any of this to Allan."

"Any particular thing you like about anal play?"

"Oh, yeah! Rimming ... umm, you know what that is?"

"I certainly do, Kathy. Would you like to experience my rimming?"

"Go right ahead ... Allan, you may want to watch this," she said, her voice quavering.

Allan started to get up from the bed. Alena stopped him with, "Please stay and enjoy the show, Kathy wants you to see how it's done."

"I intend to watch it," he replied. "I'm getting our camera to record this. Kathy was nodding her agreement with expressive, puppy-dog eyes.

"He'll probably get some new ideas," Alena giggled.

"He just might," Kathy agreed.

Allan now had the camera focused on the women. His eyes darted from Kathy's full, hanging breasts, with their silver dollar-sized areola and thick, brown nipples, to the soft, light-brown triangle of curls which tapered quite nicely to a 'V' at her lower abdomen.

Alena devoured Kathy with her soft, bluish-green eyes. Her voice was soft as the morning as she inquired, "Would you like me to start now?"

Kathy seemed mesmerized by the woman she was paying for sex. She could only nod. Her hand was just below Alena's pear-shaped right breast, but remained stationary beneath the hanging globe.

"It might be best if you moved so that your head's resting on the pillow," Alena told Kathy.

When she had obliged Alena, the younger woman slapped her on the ass, leaving a red handprint that her husband carefully focused on for posterity's sake.

Alena was now in control, devoid of any previous nervousness. "Get that ass up for me!" she barked out, causing Kathy's body to jerk fearing another slap.

Her ass was at its zenith waiting for whatever came next. Her breasts rested in the middle of the pillow. Her chin on its edge.

"That's fine," Alena said; her voice now husky as she moved to a more central position behind the married woman before her.

Alena leaned slightly forward, her left breast scraped along Kathy's hip. "So this is what I have to work with. I must say, you have a perfect ass."

Allan was beside himself as he watched Alena place the palms of her hands over each of this wife's twin hemispheres and gently squeeze the pure white flesh. 

"Smooth ..." Alena whispered in a raspy voice.

I'm enjoying this entirely too much, she thought as she prepared to plant a soft kiss to the other's spidery asshole.

"OHHH!" Kathy sighed at the touch of Alena's lips to her anus.

Alena followed by dragging her fingernails sensuously over Kathy's left cheek.

Kathy shuddered.

"It's going to feel a whole lot better when I'm through with you," Alena hissed in Kathy's ear.

Kathy shuddered again. Her twin globes were covered in goose-bumps. And between clenched teeth she croaked, "That feels soooo nice!"

"Just warming you up, my dear," Alena laughed and swatted Kathy across each cheek to the delight of both women. Even as the sting from the slap peaked, Alena's fingertips were running along the crack of Kathy's ass, but did not touch her anal entrance.

"Jesus!" Kathy exclaimed.

Allan glanced at his cock; saw that it was throbbingly erect and leaking precum, and let out a soft moan of his own. 

Kathy's breathing was becoming more labored as Alena played tunes along the inside of the ass crack. "I hope you're not too modest," she said, "Your husband is about to get an eyeful." 

Then, using her thumbs for leverage, she pried apart the two halves of the split pumpkin, exposing the pink, round anal button that was the centerpiece of what was to come.

"Jesus, I ... I've never felt so exposed ...." Kathy said haltingly, knowing two sets of eyes were riveted on her anus.

"Keep that ass up or I'll slap it into next week," Alena growled.

Kathy stiffened her body and tried to raise her rear another inch or two, satisfying her tormentor and savior.

"You seem so small here," Alena whispered, touching the rosebud with the tip of her index finger. "And yet, Allan has had no problem fitting his cock in there. Am I missing something?"

When Kathy failed to respond, Alena murmured a soft, "Hmmm?" into her ear; and pulling back a few inches sail clearly enough for her husband to record, "When I'm finished with you, Kathy you'll forget all about Allan and his little camera here."
