 It was another sticky humid day in the jungle. Sweat ran down my temple as the mosquitoes seemed to be climbing over each other to get at my skin. Friggin worthless bug repellent, these jungle bugs thought it was candy. The weight of my pack seemed to be doubled in the heat and my socks squished in my shoes. My hired guide didn't seem to have too much trouble, but he was a native, very much used to the climate. We trekked on mile after mile in search of the great tribal mine of Zumadeawaue. It was a legend I that I studied for years. Some say it was a gold mine, others say diamonds. Most said it didn't exist. But I knew better. And it was something more than just gold or diamonds. It was something spiritual and sacred. I wasn't just some explorer looking for riches. I was searching for a higher power. I wanted to tap into the wisdom of the ancients. I wanted to feel the power of a greater being coursing through my veins. And I knew it was out there.

We had been searching for almost two weeks and I felt we were getting close. We kept finding bizarre artifacts that only seemed to steel my resolve. First there was a small stone sculpture maybe 3" tall of a nude man with small diamonds in his eyes and an arrow through his heart, and not 20 feet from that we saw a similar sculpture except twice its size and far more detailed. I kept these things in my pack and continued on figuring their meaning would be discovered when I reached the sacred place. 

A few days later we came across what seemed to be a war ground. Hundreds of men slaughtered where they stood. Arrows and spears littered the ground. The battle had taken place maybe a few years earlier and the smell of decay overwhelmed us. My traveling companion began to say a chant then he took some incense out of his pack and lit it and waved the smoke over the dead all the while chanting "Abo tee-awa, Abo tee-awa" I assumed it was a prayer for the dead. 

We continued on for another week but found nothing. I was beginning to lose hope. We hadn't come across anything of interest since the war ground and my aid was starting to think that maybe enough was enough and it was time to head back. Our food supplies were getting very low and I could not go on alone even with my rifle and pistol. I did not know this jungle very well and would never find my way back without him. I gave him more encouragement and promised more money to him when we returned. For the time being he agreed.

But a day later we saw something that shook both of to the very core and made my fears come true. We stumbled across a slaughtered man who had been dead well over a year. His body had been ritualistically dismantled and rearranged in a horribly sexual position. To be blunt his head had been removed and lodged up his rectum. This caused his skull to crack in several pieces. It was a horrible sight and it sent my aide screaming from me. I would have chased after him but my knees were shaking and I fell to the ground. What had I gotten myself into? This dark hole of the world contained things I could not have imagined. I lay there on my back and the world began to spin. Everything went dark and I don't know how long I was unconscious. 

When I awoke it was raining. I was soaked to the bone and very cold for the first time in weeks. I stood up and called to my aid but there was no answer. I saw again the horrible sight in front of me and I shuddered at the thought. I picked up my bag and began to walk in the direction I came. But within an hour I was terribly lost. I lost track of day and night and after what seemed like forever jungle fever began to set in and I was thrashing through the bushes wildly. 

All of a sudden I stumbled into a small river. I was terribly thirsty and drank like a mad man. Then floating through the air I heard voices. I thought I must be mad but I was certain I heard women's voices. I went up stream a bit and I saw three nude women bathing in the river. They were natives and chatting happily the way schools girls giggle over a cute boy. I thought I was seeing things but as I got closer they became all the more real. I stumbled over a rock and splashed to the water. They heard me and became frightened. I must have been quite a sight. I hadn't bathed in several days and I hadn't shaved or changed my clothes in over a week. Not to mention madly stumbling through a jungle can tend to give you a bit of a wild look. The women covered their naked bodies and ran to the trees. I called after them but with no luck. I stumbled again and hit my head on a rock. The world spun once more and the darkness took over.

I awoke inside a warm hut with a fire near me and I was naked under a leather blanket. I was bathed and fresh. There was a bowl of some sort of mush setting near me. I felt like I hadn't eaten in days and I greedily slurped it up. It had a bland corn taste, but I was in no position to be picky. I stood up and tried to leave the hut, but I found the door could not be opened. I tried to shake it open but with no luck. I began to search for another way out but there was none. The hut was well made out of heavy logs and vines and in my weakened state I could not break my way out. They had removed my pistol and knife so all I could do was sit back and wait for my captors to come to me. 

Night fell and I began to get impatient. I yelled out to my captors calling them cowards and demanding that they show themselves. I knew they would not understand me but figured they would get the point. Not long after a flap in one of the walls was pulled up, opening a window. There were branches like bars allowing light in but I could not climb out. On the other side was an old woman holding some sort of shaft. It was oddly shaped and reminded me of a cock and balls except uncircumcised. She was shaking it at me and chanting. She raised the shaft to the sky and then fell to her knees. Then she did something that completely blew my mind. This ancient looking woman took the shaft and began to shove it inside her wrinkled old vagina. I thought I was seeing things, but there she was rolling on the ground moaning and wailing in passion shoving this thing inside of her. All the while whispering some form of chant to herself. After about 10 minutes of this she seemed to reach her climax, thrashing and churning her hips. Then she stopped and lay very still. 

A few moments later two young women in their 20's arrived and carefully picked her up and carried her away. They came to the door, unlocked it and came inside. They began to speak to me in their tongue. I managed to pick up some of my lost guides language while we were together and this was similar, but not exactly the same. They were saying something about the sun and the night and death. That was all I could make out. I was so shocked by the whole scene that I had forgotten I was standing there completely naked. 

One of the women approached me and reached out her had and touched my face. She was soft and sweet and had these dark brown eyes. Her hand began to move slowly down my chest and continued down until it reached my cock. I had not been with a woman in a quite a long time and I could not control its rapid growth. I became very stiff in her hands and a large smile came over her. I just stood there like a moron with my dick in this girl's hand. I didn't know whether to push her away or bend her over. I did neither. She bent down and began to inspect my cock very closely. She held it against her cheek and massaged it gently as thought it was an infant puppy. Meanwhile her companion came across the room and went behind me. She knelt down and reached around to help her friend rub their new pet. She placed her cheek tight against my ass and the two of them began to stroke me off. The one from behind would rub my balls and lightly scratch them with her fingertips. And the one in front began this wild vibration with her hands. She then opened her mouth and began to lick the end of my cock with her tongue. It was all I could take and I exploded into her mouth. She closed her lips around my shaft and began to suck with all her might. It was as though she did not want to lose even one precious drop. I began to shake as the orgasmic convulsions consumed my body. The one behind me kept rubbing my sack and the one in front sucked madly. I continued to shoot my load into her young mouth until my legs could no longer support my own weight and I collapsed. The two of them began to massage my entire body and hold me close. I was very weak and drifted off to sleep.

I awoke some time later and I was surrounded by 30 or 40 women of all ages dressed in robes and their hair was tied up. The ancient women who masturbated in front of me was there and so were my two new friends who jerked me off. They were all wide-eyed looking at my naked body. I didn't know what was in store for me, but if recent events gave me any indication I knew this would make for an interesting adventure. 

I noticed that there were no men in the group, only the women. I wasn't sure where the men were, but I had a feeling they would make themselves known sooner or later. Maybe a few minutes passed as we all just stood there looking at each other. Then one of the women (the one who sucked me dry) stepped forward and began to speak to the crowd. She raised her hands high and began to tell what seemed to be a story. I couldn't make out what she was saying except that it had something to do with spirits or ghosts. I soon realized that she was telling them about what she had done to me. She described with her hands exactly what she and her friend had done. 

The other women seemed very pleased with this. They all cheered and raised their hands up in some sort of prayer to the heavens. This prayer seemed to go on for about 10 minutes. They would raise up their hands and then kneel down and then jump back up. I couldn't figure the whole thing out. After they were done with the chant they formed a circle around me and they reached out their hands and began to touch from head to toe. Dozens of hands probed every inch of my body. I was scared at first, but I soon became very aroused. The women all noticed my large erection and began to chant. 

One woman stepped out of the circle and came right next to me. She seemed to be the dominant one. She was bigger than the rest, maybe 6' tall and had broad shoulders and a strong stance. She reminded me of some Amazon warrior. Her breasts were large and sweaty. I could see the hardened nipple pushing its way out of the front of her robe. She had these beautiful dark brown eyes and long wild black hair. Her dark brown skin was tight and her muscles were well defined. She seemed to work herself into some sort of trance. Her eyes closed, her head rolled back and her breathing became labored and heavy. 

I remembered the tortured man in the jungle and began fear I would suffer the same fate. Her arms were stronger than mine and if any of these women had the physical strength to do such a thing, it was her. She approached me and I tried to back away, but the rest of the women held me in place. 

She came very close and began to smell me. I could smell her sweat. She had a sweet aroma of fruit mixed with sweat. She took her hand and grabbed my waist and slowly moved up my chest squeezing my pecks and pinching my nipples. I winced at the pain and she seemed to take pleasure in that. She smiled an open mouth smile and then licked my neck as though she was tasting me. She walked around me looking me over and then grabbed my ass hard, digging her nails into my skin. The sensation sent chills up my spine. 

She came around to the front and grabbed my cock. Fear had made it go soft, but her touch brought me to stiffness again. She was very pleased by this. She stepped back and removed her clothes in one fluid motion. I saw a perfect muscular body before me. She had long firm legs with very developed muscles. Her bush was not trimmed and was full and dark with black curly hairs. Her waist was trim with toned abs. Her breasts were large and the shape of defined muscle under the supple flesh. Her whole body was glistening with sweat and she was breathing heavily. I noticed a strong aroma of her womanly scent. 

She began to walk towards me and I knew what she intended to do. My cock became painfully stiff and she reached out and grabbed a hold of it. Then she let go and pushed me to the floor and stood over me. Several of the other women grabbed a hold of my arms and legs and held me firmly in place. I had a very good view of her pussy and I saw her juices dripping out from the thick dark hair. She slowly began to lower herself down on my dick. She did so with the moves of a dancer. Rolling her hips from side to side and as her pussy came close to my cock the other women began to chant. Very slowly she worked her way down until her pussy lips were just touching the head of my dick. At this point she froze and the rest of the women became very silent. 

Then after what seemed like an eternity she slid my cock in her very wet pussy. I felt it slide in so very snug and warm. I rolled my head back at the sensation. I tried to reach out and touch one of her large breasts but the other women held me tight. Once my dick was deep inside her she began to slowly move forward and back in a fluid rocking motion. My dick was tight inside her and a hot surge ran through my body. I could see the pleasure on her face as she methodically fucked me. The other women began a low chant to the rhythm of her movements. She slowly began to pick up the pace. Forward and back in nice even movements with my dick deep in her sopping wet cunt. I could smell her wild juices flow down my cock and under my balls. The faster she went the faster the other women chanted. I was quickly approaching my climax and I could feel my balls get ready to explode into her. She seemed to sense this and picked up the pace. Her head rolled back and her mouth opened wide. Faster and faster she wildly pounded on top of me. 

Her smell became stronger and I could tell her orgasm was at full climax. She began to moan and wail and violently thrash her pussy into my cock. I could hold it no longer and exploded deep into her cunt. My orgasm seemed to pulsate through my entire body as I convulsed in rhythm to my throbbing dick. My orgasm lasted an eternity and my head rolled back and my eyes closed as I unloaded streams of cum deep into her hole. She continued to pump my dick with her cunt for several minutes until it began to go soft. She then rolled over to her side completely exhausted. She lay there for a few moments and then she stood up and looked at the women around her with a wild savage look. I imagined it was what a warrior would look like after killing his enemies. She raised her hand up and yelled to the heavens. The rest of the women fell to their knees and began to pray and chant.

After several minutes of chanting the woman left and the rest followed her single file out the door leaving me alone. After a few moments the ancient women came back to the door and gave me a pitcher of fresh water. She smiled with her wrinkled old mouth and left me alone. After she was gone I tried the door and it was left unlocked. I had thoughts of leaving but where would I go? I would surely get lost in the jungle again and I have no clothes but this leather blanket. Besides I was in a camp full of horny tribal women who seemed to have the desire to keep me captive and fuck my brains out in some wild sexual ritual. I figured I might as well stick around and see what happens. I just hoped that I did not meet with the same fate as the poor bastard in the jungle. I liked my head just where it was. I went back into my hut and lay down next to the fire. It took me awhile to fall asleep as images of what happened kept flashing through my head. But after awhile I drifted off. 

The next morning came and I decided to explore the camp. I tied the leather blanket around my waist and walked out. I saw many women doing various chores in the camp. They were cooking and mending the tents. One was skinning an animal and another was tanning the skins. It seemed like one of those peaceful little camps you read about in National Geographic. One never would have thought they had such a dark wild sexual side to them. Again I still saw no men, only women. Not even male children, only girls. I figured they all went out on a hunt or something and I decided to find something to eat. 

I went over to the woman cooking and noticed it was my friend who jerked me off. At that moment I decided to call her Cookie. She smiled at me and filled a small bowl with more of the corn mush. I thanked her and slurped it down. It was better this time and it seemed she mixed it with some fruits and berries. I smiled and got up to explore a little further and saw that the camp was very small, maybe 6 or 7 huts in all. I had seen over 40 women the night before so it was obvious many women shared one hut. 

Once I had seen all the sights of the camp so I decided to go back and try and talk with Cookie. She had finished cooking and was cleaning up when she saw me. She smiled and motioned for me to sit down. I decided this was the perfect chance to break the language barrier. I tried to tell her my name. "Joe" I said and tapped my chest. She looked at me weird and tapped her chest and said "Joo" . I laughed and shook my head no and again tapped my chest and said "Joe' and then I tapped her chest and gave an inquisitive look. She understood and tapped my chest and said "Joo" and tapped her chest and said "Kawell" . Now we were getting somewhere. Her name was Kawell. I was pretty close with the Cookie thing. 

She smiled at our ability to communicate and gave me a koi little look. She leaned over and gave me a kiss on my neck. She then stood up and led me to one of the huts. She was a very sexy little thing, not nearly as big and strong as the woman last night. She was slim with tight little breasts and a firm ass. She led me into the tent and I saw there were several other women there all doing various things. One was sowing some cloth, the other was brushing a little girls hair. Two others were sleeping arm in arm. The one with the little girl sent her out of the hut and the four of them began to smile and giggle. I had a wonderful feeling I knew what was going to happen and I felt my dick grow under the blanket. 

Cookie (Kawell) reached out and undid my leather blanket exposing my rock hard dick. The women became very entranced by it. They drew closer and put their faces right up to it. They all fondled it and kissed it and licked it with their tongues. One reached from behind between my legs and began to fondle my balls, which sent chills of pleasure up my spine and caused my knees to quiver. My hard on was beginning to hurt I was so stiff. One of them eagerly grabbed my cock and began to savagely suck on it. The other began a quiet whispered version of the chant from the night before. 

I decided I could no longer stand and leaned back onto one of beds where the two women were sleeping. The woman stopped sucking me long enough to stand up and remove her clothes. The others quickly followed. They all then lay down very close to me and I was instantly surrounded by naked flesh. Their scent was intoxicating as they all began to fondle me. The Kawell got on top of me and grabbed hold of my stiff cock and lowered her pussy onto it. I felt the head push through her wet lips and slowly enter deep inside of her. She began to ride my cock very quickly and gracefully. Two of the other women began to lick my pecks and the fourth went back behind Kawell and put her head behind her ass. I soon felt her tongue frantically licking my balls as Kawell bounced up and down on my dick. The feeling sent shivers through my spine and I soon exploded deep into her sopping wet cunt. I thrust hard into her and filled her pussy with my semen. She rode me even harder and faster and was soon moaning in the ecstasy of what seemed to be a very long orgasm. 
