 I hated heading out of town on business trips. Sure, I loved to travel, but going on these trips never afforded me the time to see the cities I was in. I had been to London, Paris and Sydney but I had rarely seen anything other than my hotel room, the inside of a cab and various conference rooms.

This week I was in New York for a conference and was eager to be heading back home. Friday morning after showering and packing, I called the airline to make sure my flight was leaving on time. 

I was scheduled to take off at 3p.m. and head back to Chicago, but I was advised otherwise. I turned on CNN and discovered there was a major snowstorm pounding the mid-west and O’Hare was closed. Here I was stuck in New York with nothing to do and no way of getting home. 

I inquired with the airline as to when they thought the first flight would be leaving to head home. The agent on the phone advised me that no flights would be leaving to Chicago until sometime tomorrow, so now I was stuck here overnight.

I phoned down to the front desk of my hotel and made sure I was able to keep my room for another night. After everything was straightened out, I decided it was finally time to see some of New York City, plus I needed some clothes. I only had brought enough to last until today, so I had nothing clean for tomorrow.

I headed to Midtown and did some shopping. I got myself a new outfit to travel home in, some intimates at Victoria’s Secret and then decided to pick up a nice dress and go out on the town tonight. I had never experienced New York nightlife, and I figured this may be the only chance I will get to do so.

I headed back to my hotel room to shower and change. I ordered some room service for dinner and thought I would hit a bar or two before coming back here to spend the night and try and get a flight out tomorrow.

I headed out at around 9:00pm and thought I would get a start on the evening by hitting the bar in the hotel lobby and asking around as to what other bars were nearby. I had put my long dark hair up in a ponytail and had worn the new dress I had bought that day. It was a beautiful red dress, with a low cut front that really showed off my nice 36C breasts. I was looking pretty great and planned on having a great night.

When I finally got down to the hotel bar, it was pretty empty. I grabbed a good seat right at the bar so that I could chat with the bartender and see what good bars there were in the neighborhood. When the bartender finally came to serve me, I noticed he was very good looking. His nametag said his name was Colin. 

He had short brown hair that was styled kind of spiky and I figured he was probably my age or a bit younger. He took my order and quickly brought me the apple martini I had requested. He was a pretty nice guy, we talked a bit about my predicament and I asked if he knew any bars in the area that he could recommend. 

“I actually get off work at 10:00pm and I am heading with one of the other bartenders to a nearby club. Care to join us?” he asked. He had gorgeous blue eyes and a great build. Even though my brain told me not to go with them, my body told me otherwise. I agreed to go with them and continued to drink and chat with him while he worked.

Sure enough, just like Colin had said, at 10:00pm his friend Jack showed up. Jack was about 6 feet tall, with short blond hair and worked the day shift at the bar.

“Jack, this is Holly. She’s going to go out with us tonight,” explained Colin before he headed to the staff room and changed his clothes. 5 minutes later, Colin had gotten himself ready and the three of us hailed a cab to a local bar.

When we got to the bar, Jack was on the guest list, so we were able to get in right away. He wandered off to chat with some other friends while Colin and I drank and chatted in a small dimly lit booth in the corner. The music was pretty loud, but Colin and I were able to have some conversation. 

I had told him briefly of my life in Chicago. How I worked for a major insurance company and was constantly traveling and seemed to never find time for a relationship. He told me about his last relationship and how they split because she wasn’t very interested in him sexually.

“I don’t see how that could be possible, you’re a pretty hot guy” I responded. I wasn’t out looking to get laid, I was just out looking for a good time and I was about to apologize for my comment when Colin leaned in and kissed me passionately on the lips.

His hand reached behind my head and he pulled me closer to him, thrusting his tongue deep inside my waiting mouth. I thought about pushing him away but he was such a good kisser I couldn’t help myself.

“Why don’t we go have a dance?” said Colin as he pulled away from our kiss and reached for my hand. I thought it was a good idea and stood up with him and headed out to dance. “Dirty” by Christina Aguilera was playing as Colin and I danced close together, grinding our hips and he was constantly grabbing my ass. 

Then I sensed someone standing behind me and I felt another hand on my ass. I turned to see Jack behind me, dancing with Colin and I. I was sandwiched between them, as they pressed against me hard and groped all over my body. I could feel their erections push into my body and the friction was causing my panties to get soaked. Jack placed his knee between my legs, spreading them wide and then ran his finger along the outside of my panty-covered pussy lips. 

“Colin, I think Holly wants to get out of here,” said Jack, as it was very obvious to him that my panties were drenched in excitement. Colin grabbed my hand and led me out the front door, with Jack following closely behind us. We hailed a cab and told the cabbie to take us back to the hotel. 

As soon as we were all in the cab, Jack and Colin had their hands all over my legs and breasts. I was very horny, but having a threesome with these 2 hot guys was not something I ever thought I would do. In fact, if it weren’t for the alcohol, I probably wouldn’t do it at all. When we finally stumbled up to my room and unlocked the door, Jack was eager to have his way with me. He had already taken off his shirt and pants before Colin had even closed the door.

“I’m not sure this is something I want to do,” I said I as tossed my purse on the desk. I was about to say that we should probably call it an evening, when Colin leaned over and kissed me again. He was honestly the best kisser I had ever had. All of a sudden, Jack was on the floor, pulling down my panties and Colin was pulling my dress over my head.

As Jack stood up, the boys pulled me closer to the bed and Colin and I fell onto the bed with him continuing to kiss me. Jack was on the end of the bed and grabbed my ankles, pulling my legs apart so that he could have better access to my wet pussy. 

As Colin unclasped my bra and pulled it away from my luscious breasts, Jack reach up and started to fondle my pussy with his fingers. 

He ran one finger up the inside of my lips, looking for my stiff clit. Colin leaned down and started to suck my hard nipples and I let out a little gasp.

“Oh fuck yeah,” I moaned as each man worked to please me. Colin stood up from the bed and got completely undressed, then repositioned himself above me. He was on his knees in front of me, with his erect cock right in front of my face. I leaned forward and eagerly took his dick into my mouth.

I wrapped my tongue around his thick cock and did my best to get his 8 inches as far down my throat as possible. He then thrust his hips towards my face and was soon fucking my mouth with his hard prick. Colin then reached down and began to pinch my nipples, as I continued to suck his cock as hard as I could.

I then felt my legs being spread wide open by Jack’s hands. He had been kissing and licking my pussy while Colin fucked my face, and now he was eager to give my cunt a good fucking. 

“Here hold these,” said Jack, as he motioned for Colin to reach down and hold my ankles. I knew Jack was planning to give me the hardest fuck of my life and I was dying to be ravaged. 

They pulled me to the end of the bed, so Jack would be able to stand while he pounded my soaking wet cunt. Colin pulled his cock out of my mouth and stood up on the bed to hold my legs open for Jack.

“Are you ready for some serious fucking Holly” asked Jack. I nodded my head in agreement, but that didn’t seem to suffice for Jack. “Holly, I asked you a question.”

“Yes, I am ready to be fucked” I replied. Jack wasn’t very happy at this and slapped my face callously. He wanted some dirty talk from me, and that was now very obvious. So I gave him what he wanted, “Fuck my wet pussy and treat me like your dirty whore” I screamed.

Jack was eager to oblige and thrust his rock hard cock deep inside my wet cunt in one thrust. Colin stood above me and watched him pound my pussy, pulling his cock all the way out and thrusting back in. Jack had his hands on my ass and was fucking me as hard as he could, yelling obscenities at me, calling me his fuck slut and whore. I loved it. 

This was something I never once thought I would enjoy.

I whimpered as Jack trashed my cunt and Colin pulled my legs apart farther. I was starting to think Jack would never cum after 10 minutes of fucking me. My pussy was beginning to get numb from such a constant onslaught of cock. Finally Jack’s face contorted and he pulled his cock out and sprayed my face and breasts with his cum.

“Now that is one nasty slut,” he said as he took a seat in the corner to relax and catch his breath.

Colin released my ankles and jumped off the bed. I began to pull my body up towards the headboard when he grabbed my legs.

“Where are you going, bitch?” he asked quizzically. I moaned lowly and did not respond. Colin didn’t like this and pinched my nipples very hard until I cried out in pain.

“I’m not going anywhere,” I responded, as I covered my breasts to shield them from further pain.

“That’s right. Your not going anywhere you fucking whore,” he said as he reached his hand down to my soaking wet cunt, dipped a finger in and forced it into my mouth. “Turn over onto your stomach, slut,” he demanded.

I reluctantly rolled over onto my stomach and instantly felt Colin’s hands feeling up my ass. I reached his finger down to my cunt, got it covered in my cum and brought it up to my puckered ass. He ran his finger lightly around my tight hole and I knew I was going to get my virgin ass fucked. He gingerly placed his finger into my hole and moved it around every so slowly.

“I guess our whore’s never had an ass fucking,” said Jack from the other side of the room. Colin nodded his head in agreement and continued to finger my tight ass. He pulled my legs down over the side of the bed, so that only my stomach and head were on the bed. My ass was draped over the side, ready for his invasion of my ass.

The room got very quiet and I figured Colin was preparing to fuck me, but instead, Jack placed a blindfold over my eyes and Colin began to spank my ass. Jack then grabbed my hands and tied them to the headboard as Colin began to spank me harder and insult me.

“Look at this bitch,” he began. “Her pussy is already dripping wet and I’ve only fingered her bung hole and smacked her ass. Just imagine what will happen when we both fuck her.” My mind was racing at this point. What the hell had I gotten myself into? Did he just say they were both going to fuck me? Colin grabbed my feet and put my high heels back on and then spanked my ass very hard.

“Now she looks like the consummate slut,” he said. I could feel his hands probing the flesh of my butt again, this time spreading my cheeks wider and circling my hole with his tongue. Even though I was being violated, I couldn’t help but admit that I was turned on.

“Pass me the lube,” Colin said to Jack as he held my ass open for inspection. Shortly thereafter, I felt a cold liquid being poured onto my ass and around my tight anus. Colin used his fingers to massage the liquid all over my hot hole, and then there was a moment of silence. I could only assume that Colin was lubing up his cock to fuck me.

“Are you ready to be fucked like the cock tease you are?” he asked. I thought of saying nothing, but I knew that would only lead to more trouble, so I nodded my head and just waited.

I could feel his rock hard cock gently push against my tight asshole. He roughly grabbed my ass cheeks and spread them wide, so that he could get inside me faster. He advised me to relax my body, because otherwise it would hurt more, so I did my best to calm down and let him into me. 

Colin pressed his cock harder into me, until we heard a slight “pop” and he was buried to the hilt in my tight ass. He didn’t move for a moment, but then pulled his cock all the way out and let out a low moan.

“Damn, she is one tight bitch,” he said to Jack before he plunged his cock back in quickly. I screamed aloud as he began to fuck my ass hard and fast. Colin spanked my ass and called me his dirty little whore. The more he penetrated me, the more I loved it. I was beginning to moan in pleasure as he raped my ass. He then reached down and started to play with my clit with one finger. The moment his finger touched my clit, I shrieked in pleasure, as an orgasm came over, and I came all over his finger.

Colin continued to plunge his cock into me and I could feel his cock inside me, throbbing in pleasure. I thought he would come soon, but instead he pulled out of me. I was left there, blindfolded & tied to the bed, with my ass in the air and I couldn’t sense was what going on in the room. 

Then I felt 2 hands lift my body up from the bed and I felt one of the men get under me. Thanks to the blindfold, I had no idea whose body was now pressed against mine. I felt him kiss my lips forcefully and quickly thrust his cock up into my pussy. From the heat of the cock, I thought it might be Colin who was now buried in my cunt, but I later found out I was wrong.

Jack began to thrust his cock up into me, and since I was now so horny, I began to thrust my hips in rhythm with his, so that he could access me deeper.

“Oooh... our little slut is liking this,” said Colin as he noticed me fucking Jack and meeting his thrusts. “Don’t move bitch,” he said as he grabbed my ponytail and pulled my head back. I yelped out in pain, but then I felt his cock at the entrance to my ass again. 

Colin gently eased his cock back into my ass, and as though him and Jack had done this before, they both began to penetrate my holes simultaneously. I began to moan loudly as they both fucked my ass and pussy. I didn’t want to let them know, but I was in heaven.

I could feel Colin’s balls slap against my ass as he plunged his rock hard shaft deep inside me. An orgasm ripped over me as Jack pinched my clit and Colin fucked me, harder with each stroke.

I didn’t think it would take the men long to unload they’re cum inside me, but neither of them planned to do that. I felt Jack slow his movement inside my pussy, and he reached up and untied my bindings and removed my blindfold. He kissed my lips roughly and then went back to stabbing me with his cock.

Colin then pulled out of my ass and pulled me off of Jack, tossing me onto the floor on my back. Jack and Colin stood above me and stroked their hard cock, directing them right at my face.

“Open your mouth slut,” commanded Jack. I did as directed and both men proceeded to squirt their hot cum all over my face and tits. As I moved to stand up, Colin pushed me back down on the floor and directed me to suck his cock clean. I wrapped my tongue around his shaft and proceeded to lick it clean, and suck it hard.

In the meantime, Jack had dressed and left the room. When Colin was pleased that his cock had been cleaned, he allowed me to stand and I quickly hopped into the shower. I hoped that when I got out of the shower, Colin would be gone.

When I stepped out into the room, Colin was sitting in a chair in the corner. He had dressed and was waiting for me.

“Holly, you are one hot slut. Any chance you’ll be back in New York soon on business?”

--------------------

If you want to hear more on the adventures of Holly, let me know! I look forward to any and all feedback!