 Maddie had been working at Maxine's Dinner for the past four years to help pay her way thru City College. A petite redhead with a pixie hair cut, green eyes and generous breasts Maddie could have made five times her weekly earnings in just one night working as an exotic dancer, but she would never consider using her sexy body to pay her way. Her grandmother had told her as her lush body began to develop when she was only twelve years old that using her body to make money was a sin. And after all, Maddie always listened to her grandmother.

As she heard the bell over the door tinkle, she looked up and smiled. It was her three favorite customers, PE, LB and RT. Fraternal triplets they all looked similar, tall, and tan and lean with thick full heads of steel grey hair and mustaches, even in their late 60's they were good looking men with she had to admit, a sexual appeal she found disturbing. She always found herself getting wet when she spoke to and served them.

Serving them, the thought brought a blush to her cheeks as she thought about "servicing their cocks" she would love an opportunity to blow them. Her favorite thing in the world was licking and sucking cock and she had multiple fantasies involving the three brothers.

Blushing and frustrated at her wandering inappropriate thoughts Maddie brought coffee with her as she greeted PE, LB and RT. It was 9am and they were right on time as usual. 

"Hey guys, how is your day so far" she asked and PE frowned and said "Not as good as usual Hon".

Maddie sat down in the booth beside LB and asked if there was a problem and if there was anything she could do to help. The three old men looked at each other then at Maddie and began to grin. "Well actually Hon, there is" PE said. 

On more than one occasion the topic of conversation between the brothers had turned to how much they would like to "do" Maddie. Her lush tits and ass made their thoughts wander to how sweet she would taste.

Maddie's raised eyebrow encouraged him to continue. "Our regular Monday girl moved and now we have no one to help us out today, would you be interested? We will pay you well for your time".

Assuming they needed someone to clean their house she said "Well, I get off at 2 and if the work isn't too hard I guess I could come over and help you out". Maddie smiled, helping these lovely old men clean shouldn't be that big a deal or take too long and with tuition due and her being $150 short she could use the extra money.

PE explained the work would be easy and he was sure she would enjoy it. All three beamed and PE said "sure Hon, 2 will be great, we will expect you then and we usually pay $225, will that be enough"? Maddie swallowed as she saw her cash shortage about to turn around and nodded her head. "Okay, 2 it is, where is your house"? After PE gave her directions Maddie returned to serving the other customers in the diner.

As they left, PE gave her a hug and said he couldn't wait. "What cute old guys they are" she thought, and she could sure use the money. It wasn't like they couldn't afford to pay her for cleaning; they were all retired, lived together and well off financially. 

Too bad it was just cleaning they needed she sure would welcome a chance to indulge her fantasy of having sex with them, more to the point, she wanted to suck them off! What would it feel like to have two cocks in her mouth at the same time? What would it feel like to have two cocks in her body at the same time? To have her cunt, ass and mouth completely full?

She had always found older men sexually attractive, after all her first sexual experience had been with her best friend's grandfather when she was only thirteen years old. 

The old man had grabbed her by the tit as she walked past him and pulling her onto his lap and pushing her ass down on his erect penis. The tip of his cock escaped the leg of his shorts and slid into her shorts as he wiggled her on his lap. She danced in place as the feeling of his huge cock trying to enter her virgin cunt, he had sucked her tits until she came and then he had thrown her on the couch and pulled off her shorts and sucked and bit her virgin clit and cunt. 

As he sucked her he released his huge cock and moving it over her face had pressed it to her lips. Instinctively she had reached up and pulled it into her mouth and sucked. Every since then sucking a big cock was her favorite sexual experience. 

He had then flipped her onto her stomach and placing his arm under her belly lifted her ass up and shoved his cock deep into her virgin pussy past her barrier and rode her hard. As she came, he pulled his cock out and shoved it back into her eager mouth so she could lick the evidence of her deflowering off it. 

Clean and hard he then began to slowly insert it into her tight virgin ass. Ow!!!! It hurt sooo good. She rocked back into it as he set a punishing rhythm, screaming as he shot cum in her ass! As he withdrew his now flaccid cock, he pushed her head and mouth down over it again. A proper slut always licks her cock clean, he murmured in her ear.

As Maddie pulled into their drive way she sighed, the memory of her first time running thru her mind left her hot and wet. 

It had been a long hard morning and she just really needed to get off her feet and sit down for a while. Gathering her strength, she went up and knocked on the door.

PE answered in his robe "right on time I see" he said as he ushered her in and showed her to a chair and told her to sit while he got her a cup of tea. "Might as well relax for a few minutes while LB and RT get down here". 

Seeing PE in his robe brought her wicked thoughts to life and made her pussy get wet. She could just imagine he was naked beneath his robe and she was willing to bet that given his age he and his brothers were uncircumcised. 

She sighed and taking the cup of tea gratefully settled onto the chair and drank it down. When Maddie opened her eyes she was no longer in the living room, she was stretched out on a sweet smelling narrow bed naked with her arms tied over her head! "OMG what is happening" she said as PE approached and sat down next to her.

"Now Hon don't get upset or worried, I just wanted to make sure you would listen to what I have to say and when I am done if you want to leave, I will untie you". Maddie settled back against the pillows and looked at him with what she hoped was a stern look and said "Okay, spill it, what is going on"?

As PE began to tell her about the life he and LB and RT had lived together she found herself nodding. Being born fraternal triplets they had always been together and always did everything together. That included sharing their women. You see, he went on to explain "each of us has a particular way we like to have sex and we want you". 

Now Maddie was dumbfounded! Was her fantasy about having sex with these hot men about to come true?

"So you three want me to fuck all of you at the same time"? She said. "Oh no, well actually yes"! PE went on to explain exactly what they wanted. She was amazed, she was going to get to fuck all of them and get paid $225, but she was going to have to let each of them indulge their sexual fantasies. "You see, our nicknames tell what our particular fetishists are. They call me PE for pussy eater and LB is left breast and RT is right tit". 

"What we want is for you to allow us to indulge our needs and we are willing to pay for it. You don't have to fuck us, but if you want to it would be great. OK"?

Astonished Maddie just laid there with a shocked look on her face. "So let me get this straight, you want to eat my pussy, LB wants to suck my right breast and RT wants to do the same to my right tit"? "That's about it" PE said looking at her anxiously. "What am I supposed to be doing while this is going on" she asked.

PE explained they didn't want to be "interrupted" while they indulged their needs but if she wanted he could call their sister's son Jim who lived in the upstairs apartment. He was 20 something and he would be more than willing to join them. She could suck his cock while they indulged their fantasies. "Yes, oh yes" she breathed with a sigh of relief "I really would love to have to have a cock to suck"!

PE picked up the phone beside the bed, murmured something into it. What an easy and enjoyable way to make $225 she thought, sure better than cleaning house like she thought they wanted. 

"Well bring it on" she said spreading her legs wide. She could hear PE telling the other two she had agreed and when they came in the room, all three of them naked their cocks in their hands stroking them to full erection she smiled, her mouth watering.

Not wasting any time each got down to his favorite task. As PE began to gently lick her deep pink cunt lips her clit which stood on end and begged for his attention, with a groan he wrapped his arms around her lower section, elevating her cunt to his lips and stuck his tongue deep into her wet pussy, he moaned his pleasure as he tasted her sweet honey and began to lick and gently suck on her cunt and clit as she wiggled her approval and pleasure. He licked the outside lips and nibbled on her clit and as he bit down she realized he had no teeth. As he began to get more involved in his pussy eating he slid two fingers deep in her cunt bringing her off the bed as an orgasm overcame her.

Beaming with approval, he slowed his assault and began to watch his brothers and most importantly of all, Maddie's face. 

LB took his prize in his hand and gently caressed it and stroked the nipple with his thumb. He put out his tongue and licked her quivering pale pink nipple and bit it lightly, bringing it to a tight hard peak. Everything about him was gentle and reverent as he sucked her breast as far into his she now realized, toothless mouth. OMG it felt sooo good, being gently suckled like a baby would do and all the while her cunt was being licked, sucked and nibbled. PE's magic fingers bringing her closer and closer to another orgasm.

She then realized RT had taken his prize into both hands also, but that was where the similarity to his brother ended. He squeezed her lush heavy tit hard and reached out and bit the soft pink nipple hard enough to sting, and then he sucked it deep and hard into his hungry also toothless mouth. He fed like a starved man, sucking and squeezing her tit and making it feel awesome. Her nipple rose up hard and begged him for more punishment, while her left breast was still soft and being gently stroked and sucked.

What a contrast in stimulations! Gentle and rough, soft and hard and all of it combined to drive her out of her mind with pleasure she thought as pure lust took over her body, awesome cunt and clit licking and sucking, gentle left breast sucking and the outright assault on her right tit were all so different but combined they served to make her begin to shake and tremble as another massive orgasm overcame her. The assaults did not stop they continued and as they got stronger and stronger she had another massive orgasm, shoot a thick stream of woman cum in PE's waiting eager mouth!

The wonderful sounds of sucking and slurping filled the room and she wiggled with joy, she loved the sounds of sucking, especially when it was her cunt, clit, breast and tit being sucked. The wonderful slurping sound of PE's fingers in her pussy were exciting her also. PE stroked her cunt lips and pinched her clit between two fingers, sliding the fingers of his other hand deep into the cunt and began to rub as she rode his hand hard.

The next thing Maddie knew there was a lovely long thick cock in her face. It was their nephew Jim. As he tried to engage her in conversation, Maddie shook her head and reached for his long thick hard cock with her mouth. "Ummmm I just love sucking cock" she said with her mouth full. 

As Maddie licked the cock like an ice cream cone up and down she found her hands free and began gently squeezing the balls attached, she slid her face lower and drew the balls into her hungry mouth and sucked gently. As she did this she inserted her index finger in the ass above her face and plunged it in and out rapidly, the cock in her hand swelled and begged her to suck it. Obliging she continued to finger the ass while she sucked the long thick cock deep down her throat. Sucking it deep and allowing it to pull almost all the way out of her hungry mouth then sucking it back in deep and hard. 

She loved the sound of the cock as it almost popped out and was sucked back in. In and out, deep down her throat and out to the bare edge of her lips. As the cock began to spout cum she licked and sucked it like a madwoman. Drunk with passion, Maddie realized the day was just beginning and she smiled and taking Jim's cock in her hand she began to lick it clean. 

Now partially stated she looked up and realized she knew Jim! He was her Anatomy Professor at City College! A quite nerdy guy who always seemed embarrassed if he was discovered looking a female student too long.

Her cunt felt swollen and well sucked and licked, the magic fingers had never stopped dancing in it and her clit was hard as a rock as she came with another huge gush of cum right into PE's hungry mouth.

As she came, she felt her left breast swell and the licking was so gentle and the sucking so incredible, it was pure heaven. Her right tit loved the assault of toothless gums and strong suction and hard hands squeezing.

Reaching up she took LB's cock in her hand stroking it and then pushed it into her eager mouth right next to Jim's! She greedily sucked the two cocks together then one at a time as she milked each cock until just before they gave up their creamy cum for her. She eagerly pulled them both deep down her throat. She smiled as she swallowed and licked her lips. And to think she was actually going to be paid for this! 

Licking both cocks clean she now reached for PE and RT's erect cocks and sucked them into her mouth. While she sucked their cocks, Jim and LB moved into position and lifting her up off the bed, Jim slid beneath her and inserted his cock in her tight anus. For a seemingly nerdy guy, Jim sure knew how to fuck an ass! 

Wiggling to seat it nice and deep Maddie spread her legs wide and LB slid his cock in her dripping wet cunt. Moving in opposite directions Maddie moaned as one stroked in while the other pulled almost all the way out! In and out, more and more rapidly as they stroked their hands up and down her sides and pinched her nipples, all the time she sucked the two cocks in her mouth. She began to tremble. She was going to have an orgasm, not just an orgasm but the mother of all orgasms! She shot cum over LB's cock and it ran out of her cunt and down over Jim's cock.

Maddie sure hoped this would become a regular occurrence, screw the money, for the first time in her life she finally felt like her breast, tit and cunt had been sucked enough, and she had two huge cocks down her throat, one deep in her eager ass and one deep in her cunt. This was heaven. She fervently hoped PE, LB and RT would live forever and along with Jim never stop wanting to suck and fuck her.

She would think about the complication of Jim being her professor later, right now she was happy, very happy!