 On December 21st, my permit to stay in Italy as a freelancer was granted. By then, I'd panicked and bought a second round-trip ticket to Chicago. This one was through JFK because, for reasons I don't fully comprehend and will refrain from exploring in these chapters, without the permit, I could not pass through Copenhagen on my way to the States as planned and subsequently be allowed to re-enter Italy. To put it another way, spending the holidays with my family cost $4,000 in addition to a good portion of my sanity. 

And after sixteen hours in transit, no one was even there to meet me at arrivals. 

I had been away for eight months. I felt different. I was different. I had so many stories to tell (not the ones I tell here, of course). In eight months, I'd acquired ten individual teaching contracts between two schools, moved house twice, learned to speak a foreign language (sort of), become a legal resident of Italy, befriended a bunch of priests, an American expat and several natives of Como (even the Milanese will tell you that's a heroic feat), given up driving, started blow-drying my hair, figured out when it is and is not appropriate to order a cappuccino, become more patient and less competitive, lost my mind and found my place in the world, but the only thing anyone in my immediate family was interested to know was how crowded the flight had been. 

My OBGYN, on the other hand, whom I'd bored for decades with my monogamy, raised an eyebrow at my request to be "tested for everything, just in case." 

"New partner?" 

I nodded. 

"Man or woman?" she smirked. 

I continued nodding. 

My husband, present at Christmas brunch and almost disturbingly at ease in my presence, asked in confidence if I were seeing anyone. 

"I am." 

"Is it a woman?" 

Thinking it might soften the blow, "Yes." 

"I knew," he said, patting my hand. 

I let it go at that. 

Even without being asked, I spoke openly around my family about Claudio's having stood by me through the immigration process, about Leo's counselling me against bringing my dog on the transatlantic flight, about my having learned much about wine from Valerios, and I even mentioned Tomaso's helping me with the move from the village to Como. I spoke of them all as friends, which is to say I was not completely dishonest. My mother listened with a passing interest only to determine whether I'd found someone who might keep me from returning permanently to the greatest nation on earth. No doubt she felt a sense of relief when no one stood out from my descriptions as that someone. Of course, it was beyond anyone to consider that I'd found four someones. Well, three and a half. In any case, they, and, for that matter, the women I'd gotten to know since leaving home, would never be any more to my family than characters in the fiction that had become of my life. 

I could hardly wait to return to it. 

I spent the 6th of January pacing the terminal at JFK while a blizzard buried the eastern seaboard. Planes were grounded, de-iced and occasionally lost (I wish I were joking) while I waited seven hours to know whether my flight might actually depart and whether I'd actually be on it. That crossing was easily the most arduous I'd ever endured, and I wished I were in Copenhagen. Nine hours behind schedule, I stumbled through arrivals at Malpensa and into Claudio's open arms. 

I was home. 

That Epifania afternoon it was 14°C in Como and the sun was shining. Claudio carried my suitcase up the hill. He prepared us a pasta while I showered. We compared New Year's Eves and familial dysfunctions. He told me of Sofia's intentions to return to Como in March. I told him I knew all about those. We made love as the sun was going down, and, when it was over, I drifted off gratefully to sleep. Some time later, he left me with a kiss and a whispered "Ben tornato." 

*** 

"What d'you think about Tuscany?" he asked. 

I was lying on the sofa in the spare room, going back and forth with Valerios, who was on his way back from Madagascar and eager to meet. It was the end of January. 

"I think Tuscany is wonderful. There are truffles in Tuscany." 

He shook his head and returned some of his attention to the film he was editing. I put Valerios in my pocket and took up Claudio's copy of Modern Romance. "You and truffles," he muttered. 

"Well, Tuscany has amazing food in general," I went on. "Better than here, for sure." 

"Ma dai." 

I laughed. I knew full well I was provoking him. "I don't mean to start shit," I lied, "but I still don't understand the obsession with regional cuisine, especially in the regions - like Lombardia - that simply cannot hold a candle to -'' 

"Pizzocheri." 

"Pizzocheri. That's one thing! Tuscany has black truffles, cinghiale ragu, pane toscane, cantucci-" 

"Risotto alla Milanese." 

"Boring." 

"Cotoletta." 

"German." 

"German?" 

"It's weinerschnitzel." 

"Eh." 

In an argument with Claudio, eh is sort of the equivalent of 'whatever.' I'd won. "What about Tuscany? Why did you ask?" 

"I was thinking to plan a little weekend away with Sofia." 

"Oh." I returned to the book. Call me crazy, but I still didn't care to envision him with his others. Add to that, I'd never had an opportunity to travel with him. That seemed to be all he and Sofia ever did. I recalled that he didn't really like it when she was in Como, and that helped. Sofia couldn't lie on his sofa while he edited films. She couldn't borrow his books or stop by for tea on a whim. I could. My presence didn't make Valeria want to strangle anyone. Sofia's did. The clicking of the mouse bridged a moment of silence. 

"And you, of course. The three of us." I didn't look up from the pages, but there was no mistaking my smile. It was all the answer he needed. "Vabbe," he concluded, "I make some arrangements." 

I took the phone from my pocket, answered 'yes' to Valerio's invitation to dinner on Tuesday and rang Sofia. 

"At least put the speaker," said Claudio. 

*** 

And so it was arranged; a villa outside of Arezzo and a wine tasting tour through four hill towns with Claudio as our guide. He set up a group chat to send the AirB&B listing. It was perfect with a fireplace and a view, one very large bed and an extra little one in the living room. Sofia and I both replied approvingly. Then she texted me alone. 

"I was thinking the first weekend I'm there, you and I could go away. Garda maybe. Just us." 

I stared at the message, a little stunned. I wondered if perhaps the words had been intended for Claudio. Since our last encounter (a hurried kiss in the station at Cadorna before I went to work and she caught the airport shuttle) our conversations - frequent though they were - had been entirely platonic. We spoke of our own ongoing love affairs but never about what had transpired between us in the treehouse and certainly not about the prospect of it ever happening again. 

"Cosa ne dici?" she pressed. "Do you want to find us a flat?" 

"Yes," I replied. A big heart appeared on the screen of my smart phone. We were teenagers. Really. It was pitiful. 

"Let's not tell him though. This is ours," she appended. 

I smiled at that. She was a romantic. Something that surprises me in men, but in her I found it charmingly apropos. I relished the notion of a secret between us. There is so much openness and honesty in a polyamorous relationship, I'd gotten used to it, and, anyway, we'd tell him eventually, I was sure, but, for the moment, it felt good to have something we didn't have to share. 

That night, I researched train routes to Lake Garda since neither Sofia nor I would have a car. I found a place called Toscolano Maderno and a flat with stone walls and arched ceilings. We could get there relatively easily. I booked for two nights, the first she'd be in Italy. She would go from the airport at Bergamo directly to Milan. We would meet at Centrale and arrive at the lake by early evening. And, then, presumably, in the bed pictured in the ad, we would get to know each other, learn without the distraction of a third presence to drive the other crazy. My heart was in my throat thinking of it. 

I shared the plan with Valerios and Leo. Predictably, both offered to supervise. Both were genuinely happy for me, supportive if for no other reason than that they hoped to be included the next go-round. I said nothing to Claudio, but, two days before Sofia was scheduled to land, he asked her what time she needed to be picked up, and she was forced to divulge our plans. He was delighted. "Two of my loves love each other," he wrote. "Buon weekend!" 

The following morning, however, his willingness to leave us to our own devices had waned. He wrote offering to drive us both to Toscolano Maderno. He would pick me up and we would go together to Bergamo, and we could reach Garda by late afternoon, and then maybe he could spend the first night with us. 

He was jealous. 

I was mildly disappointed. 

Sofia accepted the offer before I had a chance to protest. I wouldn't have protested strongly, but, quite suddenly, I felt as though I were on the outside. I kept those feelings to myself. 

Indeed we did reach the flat by late afternoon. Sofia and I met the host, Mattia, while Claudio found a place to park the car. He was handsome. Mattia, I mean. Tall and broad shouldered with a little grey in his beard and sparkling green eyes. He seemed surprised to find that my companion was a woman as the flat was clearly designed to be a romantic hideaway. Far from being smarmy about the whole thing, he stuttered a little while showing us which switches were for which lights and how to operate a state-of-the-art shower. He mentioned his wife on no fewer than three occasions and dropped the keys twice. When he'd bid us a pleasant stay and was gone, Sofia and I burst out laughing. 

"Go get him," she said. "Bring him back here." 

"And Claudio?" 

"Who's Claudio," she looked at the ceiling. "Oh, Claudio! Send him home. We'll see him Sunday." 

In the end, it was Claudio she brought back. When they walked through the door, I was putting the prosecco I'd brought in the fridge and spoke without turning around. "So, Mattia, is this your first lesbian experience?" 

Sofia sighed, "I tried. Mattia said he had to go home to his wife. Her name is Margerita. She studied in Philadelphia." 

"Pittsburg, I thought." 

"Pittsburg," she confirmed. 

"Chi è Mattia?" asked Claudio. 

"Oh, nobody important," I assured him. I leaned in for a quick kiss. He might have had a worried expression on his face, but as it's often hard to tell, I didn't think to comfort him further. I simply excused myself to use the restroom. "Then shall we open a bottle of wine?" 

It was agreed. Sofia even began rummaging for a cavatappi, but the room fell silent when I walked out. And when I walked back in, still holding a hand towel, I found her already naked and on top of him in bed. 

Her back was to me, and Claudio, looking over her shoulder and still fully clothed, beckoned me to join. It wasn't my style; this lack of a lead-in. It was like watching a porno that had no scenario. Surely some stilted preamble, however poorly acted was better than no context at all. I wasn't here for this. I was here to get to know Sofia, slowly, over a glass (a bottle) of wine and a long conversation about the experiences we'd had and all they'd lacked. I'd fantasized about it countless times since she suggested Garda. My hand on her thigh under the dress she promised to wear, my lips close to her ear. Drawing out the anticipation until my panties were drenched and her cheeks were flushed and then leading her by the hand to bed, undressing her. 

And, in the fantasy, he wasn't there. 

What was unfolding before me was all wrong, I wanted to complain, but, clearly, I had already been outvoted. And so I held back my tendency to want to control everything, and just stepped out of my shoes. Her body was warm when I knelt at her back. I kissed her shoulder, wrapped my arms around her and cupped her breasts. They fit my small hands perfectly. She sighed into his kiss. He lifted up his hips beneath us both so that she could push his pants down far enough to free his cock. I stood at the foot of the bed, and tugged them free at the ankles. He laid her on her back and took off his shirt. He was on top of her now, and his eyes burned into mine when he entered her. Suddenly, strangely, it seemed that she was on the outside, a prop in a scene between him and me. I took a step back and stripped down; first my top, then my black bra. My breasts fall heavier than hers, large enough that they more than fill Claudio's hands. I twisted my hips seductively and my jeans slid to the floor. He'd never been patient enough to watch me, to admire the underthings I'd chosen. Now that I'd chosen them for Sofia, he had little choice but to notice. His gaze never left me, even as he drove himself into her. Even as she pleaded, "More. More." 

And my panties were drenched. I kept them on as I stepped toward him, took his face in my hands and kissed him passionately without regard for the woman between us. He groaned. When the kiss ended, he shifted Sofia toward the head of the bed, presumably so that I might have room to kneel over her mouth. It was tempting, but instead, I lifted the girl gently by the shoulders so that she was almost sitting and knelt behind her again. She was lying against me with my arms around her while he fucked her, but still, he kept his eyes on me. I smiled just a little. He was losing control; his pupils were dilated and sweat beaded on his temples. His brow furrowed with the effort. This is what he looked like when he was making love to me, I thought. When my eyes were shut or my head was thrown back or my vision had simply begun to fail me, this was what he looked like just before it all came crashing down, and only now could I witness it. 

I'd never felt so in control. 

He stopped. She protested. She was close, I knew. As close as he was. He pulled out of her, and with impressive dexterity, removed the condom she'd put on him and replaced it with another. Sofia moved out of the way as he tried to fall on me, but I caught her by the calf and turned away from him. My tongue was buried in her cunt by the time he pushed aside the black silk and slipped into me from behind. The sound I made in response was one of relief mixed with pain. 

Sofia's back was against the headboard and I had her thighs pressed apart as far as I could manage. Someone was muffling her moans with a hand. She must have been doing it to herself, I realized. Both of Claudio's hands were on my waist. I tried to ignore him, for what it was worth. He'd interfered in my fantasy. He'd drawn her focus away from me. To be fair, it hadn't taken much. In any event, it was impossible not to succumb. The room darkened, my body trembled, I could barely breathe. I lay my head on Sofia's thigh and slipped two fingers inside of her, determined to be the one to bring her to orgasm. Not everything in life is a competition, Claudio often tells me. This was. 

And I won. 

She shuddered. I felt her muscles pull me deeper, and Claudio laughed out of pure fascination, the sound coming from deep in his throat. I pushed back against him then. It was my turn, but he withdrew and nudged me to lie on my back. Until I couldn't take any more and was begging for release, he rocked me in a sort of torturous rhythm, slow and heavy. He held still when I climaxed, his lips pressed to my temple. Then, reaching for Sofia's hand, which she let slip from mine, he left me. She stood and bent forward beside the bed. Claudio positioned himself behind her. I watched in a sort of stupor, lazily stroking her arm with my fingertips while he pounded her senseless. At a point, I found enough energy to arrange myself beneath her. She lowered herself over me so that I could take her nipple between my teeth. She could have reached down and toyed with me in the position we were in. She didn't. She was oblivious to anyone's pleasure but her own. They were both panting when he finally came. I felt like I was on the verge of sleep. Sofia lay down beside me and watched me watching the ceiling when Claudio went to clean up, but neither of us spoke until he'd returned. 

"Questions," he began. "I don't know if I should to change the condom each time." 

"I'm clean," I assured them. "I have a doctor's note." 

"I don't have a note," Sofia admitted, "but I'm good, too." 

"Easier if you just change partners once," I suggested. 

"Next question," Sofia urged. 

He grinned. "Who am I allowed to tell?" 

I propped myself up on an elbow and turned to face him. "That you bedded two gorgeous blonds at the same time? One older and one younger?" He nodded. "Who aren't you going to tell? I fully expect to read about this in your next interview with Corriere della Sera." 

Sofia giggled. "Can we talk about the other thing?" 

"What other thing?" I asked. They were both looking at me. 

"Was it your first?" Claudio ventured. 

"Threesome? Of course." 

Sofia put her face in the pillow and muttered something in Russian. 

Claudio shook his head. "How did you know exactly what to do?" 

"I watch porn," I offered with a shrug and a smile. 

"How much porn?" 

I grabbed a discarded article of clothing and held it against my chest in mock modesty. "That's a really personal question," I declared. 

I got up, pulled the parcel of toiletries from my overnight bag and went to freshen up. My hair was a mess, but my make-up was well intact. I washed the sharp taste of spermicide and the subtler flavor of Sofia from my mouth. Still, something bitter remained. At least both lovers had been wowed by my performance, I mused. I wondered at this hitherto unknown side of myself. I'd managed to go most of my sexual life without wowing anyone. Then there'd been Rome and then Genova. I clutched the edge of the sink and faltered at the thought of Genova, of his voice, deep and ragged, whispering not praise, but blatant astonishment. Maybe it was him and the way he looked at me and giving in. Maybe it was Italy. Maybe it was being separated by an ocean from anyone who might judge me. I wasn't happy just then, separated by a wall from the room where I'd partaken in my first threesome, examining the little sunspots around my eyes. I wasn't unhappy either. I was bothered by Claudio's presence and by Sofia's having given up our first night together with such nonchalance. I was tired, a little sore from the hours in the car, a little hungry and a little overwhelmed by the experience. I hadn't really wanted it to go the way it had. Just the same, I was unashamed. I would answer to no one for these actions. The thought came back to me as it had so many times since meeting Claudio; I was free to do as I pleased. 

When I rejoined the others, Sofia was in the middle of the bed, still naked. Claudio was to her left in his boxer briefs, one arm draped over her waist. I walked around the bed and lay down beside her. Claudio lifted his head to look at me over her shoulders and over the slope of her breasts and said quite plainly, "I love you." 

I wasn't sure I'd heard him correctly. I was lost in my own thoughts. I closed my eyes and let them take me until I was nearly asleep. 

It was well past nine in the evening when anyone stirred. Hunger had woken them, and it would have woken me, too, if they hadn't. We found the car and drove out to the only pizzeria open for miles. Claudio asked what we'd have done if he weren't there with the car. I answered pointedly that I'd have brought along groceries. I'd known it was a small town on a lake in March. I was surprised even to find one pizzeria. In any case, the pizza was good, the wine was local and we had a chance to discuss plans for the following weekend in Tuscany. His idea was that we might make a game of it. Sofia would pose as a rich restauranteur from Moscow (she is, at least, a restauranteur). I was to be her assistant, and Claudio would play the role of the driver and translator. We would claim that we were looking to import cases into Russia from a reputable vineyard, and the vintners would no doubt fall at our feet and offer free tastings of their finest vintages. It was an idiotic idea. No one was going to believe Sofia was rich or that I was Russian or that Claudio was a chauffeur in his late model VW Polo with the banged up fenders. A part of me wished he would just get a proper job so that he could do something nice for two of the women who were willing to play his game. A trip to Tuscany was nice, but we'd surely divide the expenses evenly. He hadn't so much as offered to put up his own share of the flat for the night. Then again, he'd saved us the expense of train fare. I watched Sofia toss her curls and sip her wine while she gazed at him, and I longed again to have her to myself. But it was selfish of me. He'd brought us together. He had every right to be there with us. I sipped my own wine and quietly drowned these petty jealousies. 
