 Josh and I moved through the darkened club watching everyone around us. Not out of our element per se but more in a world we rarely ventured to. I held a beer bottle by the neck as I wiggled my hips through the crowd aching to dance. Not just to move to the music but to move with him. We reached the center of the throng of frenzied dancers and I turned to face him. My hair fell in front of my pale blue eyes as I gave him my wicked smile wrapped my arms loosely around his neck and ground my hips against his strong body. 

He smiled and gave a small laugh as I let the music roll over me and pressed closer to him. Josh was no stranger - he was my man - still new, but mine. I felt such a connection to him as though from the first moment he knew my soul. When I was with him I was more ‘me’. I was not shy or inexperienced but he allowed in me, encouraged in me, a freedom I had never before felt. When our bodies connected on the dance floor it was echoes of the passion we’d had earlier in the bedroom. I knew what he wanted and he had pleased me so much, I wanted to please him. I turned away to face the crowd, my ass pushing into him, as I continued to pulse with the heavy dance beat. 

I saw my prey across the room and looked back to Josh for a moment, catching his green eyes and holding up my hand and mouthing I would be right back. I strutted across the floor and to the object that had fascinated me. He was similar in build to Josh - tall not slim, somewhat muscular, strong arms. But unlike Josh, he had dark features - brown eyes and straight black hair. I did not want to play. I had no time. I didn’t want to chicken out. Josh wanted this and I wanted to give it to him. I wanted to be everything for him. I leaned into the stranger and said, “Dance with me.” Not a question but an order. His arms fell easily around me and I backed onto the floor taking him with me. Letting my body move into his, only turning once to see the surprise on Josh’s face. 

After the first fast song moved into a hypno-trance beat I allowed this man to pull me into his arms to keep dancing. His hands moved over my body, stroking as if my clothing were not there. I could feel his cock pulsing against me as his eyes moved down to my low cut shirt. He leaned in and murmured in my ear “Girl, you are so hot. I would take you right here, but that guy over there…. I don’t know how he would feel about it. Get rid of him and let’s have some fun”

Hooked. Easier then I thought. I pushed up on him letting his hand move up under my short skirt. I was gonna close this - make this happen tonight…with him. “Baby, what, you can’t share?” I teased. He stopped moving and looked at me confused and curious.

“Share?”

“Tell me, baby,” I taunted “You want this bad enough to play nice with the others?” with that I let one of my legs fall around his and pushed my pussy against his leg. He moved his hand to my ass and the throb I felt against my hip gave me my answer.

I took his hand and led him across the room to Josh who was sitting by the bar watching expectantly. I had teased him about doing this for him, but I was much more reserved then him. I don’t think he ever really expected it.

Walking to Josh, I slid up to him at the seat and kissed him fully on the mouth, biting at his lip. I brought the dark mans hands around my waist and up to my breasts.

“Josh, baby, this is…” I stumbled. I hadn’t even gotten his name.

“Ray.” He offered. Taking one hand from my breast and reaching to shake hands. His other teased at my nipple almost to test Josh’s reaction.

“Dance with us, Josh.” I smiled, leading Ray back to the dance floor. Josh followed and as I ground into Ray, Josh pushed up against my ass to the throbbing beat. We only made it through two or three songs before I was dripping. Two hot bodies pushed against me. Four hands were moving over my body not knowing whose were whose. I turned to Josh and on tiptoes whispered in his ear. 

“Meet us at home” 

“Are you sure?” he offered, giving me one chance to back out. But it had gone too far. I wanted it now. To feel what we had only talked about.

In the parking lot, Josh slid into our Audi and I followed Ray to his sleek Eclipse. As we moved down the highway Ray tried to make small talk but I didn’t want him to. I didn’t want his mind. I wanted him for one thing and I was going to get it. I moved my hand across the console and began stroking his cock laying down only one rule. “You follow my lead.” I said. He nodded, I think almost not believing this was happening.

At the house Josh opened the door and I slid past him Ray still in stunned tow. I walked to the bedroom. And both men followed. I stood with the bed in front of me knowing what was awaiting me I turned to face them both, my beautiful, sweet, tender, sensual Josh and Ray, hard and with no emotion but lust in his eyes. I kissed Josh first, tasting his tongue, feeling the familiar heat of his kiss. Then I moved to Ray, letting his firm lips caress mine. Josh moved behind me and began kissing my neck, letting his hands roam over my body. I was trembling with want. Yes I wanted this for Josh. I knew he fantasized about this but now it was mine too. I turned back to kiss Josh again, letting him feel how swollen my lips were becoming from a kiss other then his. Josh moaned as he felt Ray’s hands freeing my tits from my halter.

I pulled away from them both and wiggled out of my skirt, wearing just a slip of a black silk thong. I sat on the bed and looked at the two fine men before me. I reached one hand to each and pulled at the buttons on their pants. Ray followed my lead and unbuttoned himself, the sound of his zipper echoed as I freed Josh’s cock and took it into my mouth while lightly stroking Ray. 

I pulled them both closer and looked at the two cocks in front of me and moved my mouth to taste Ray. The taste and texture different, but he slid so easily into my hot mouth. I licked at the head, my eyes peering up to see the pleasure on his face and the wide-eyed smile on Josh’s. I moved then to Josh’s cock. Switching back and forth, I tasted and teased them both.

I could not get enough. I wanted more. I wanted it all. My pussy was aching. I leaned into Josh and swallowed his cock deep into my throat, finally releasing him and tugging him onto the bed with me. His jeans were left in a heap on the floor and I nudged him to move up on the bed. I poised myself between his legs and began voraciously sucking his cock. Behind me Ray had removed his clothes and I felt his hands move across my ass then slide in my panties to find my pussy wet and waiting, I let out a gasp, muffled by Josh’s cock engorged in my mouth. It was almost distracting the way Ray slid two fingers into me as his other hand stroked his cock in rhythm with his fingering. He stopped only to take my thong off. Josh pushed my head down further onto his cock and I then felt Ray put all his weight on the bed behind me his hands roughly moved my legs apart. I felt Josh’s cock twitch and looked to see him enthralled with the image of Ray sliding his hot cock tip over my slit. My moans telling him of each movement he could not see. And the final deep, throaty moan as Ray entered my pussy. 

My tongue kept working over Josh. My lips gripping at him tightly and my motions changed to match Ray’s thrusts. As he pushed into me I pushed forward onto Josh’s cock. I felt so full, so entranced.

I began to moan louder. Ray’s cock was pumping me so deep. I felt the heat rising in my pussy. Josh lifted my head off of his cock and stared deep into my eyes. Watching my face contort with pleasure, kissing me during my breathy pleas for more. “That is my girl, god you look so good when you are getting fucked. Does his cock feel good in your pussy, Baby?” All I could do was moan and try to cry out his name. “Cum on his cock, Baby.” Josh urged as he kissed me. I exploded. Josh’s tongue in my mouth and Ray’s cock filling my cunt. 

Josh gave me only a moment to breath; to take in the ecstasy. Then he looked to Ray and said, “Switch”

Ray slid his cock out of my drenched pussy and took the spot on the bed that Josh had just been in. Laying back on the pillows with a leg on either side of me. 

“I want you to taste yourself on his cock. Lick up all your sweet cum” Josh said with a catch in his breath. He slid in behind me and stroked his cock over my pussy. Feeling the swelling in the lips and the wetness from my excitement. His cock slid in easily, filling me again. 

“Do you want me to fuck you?”

“Josh, please, please fuck me. Please fuck me while I suck him.” I begged as I licked at the salty wetness on Ray.

Josh began to thrust into me. Moving me now at his rhythm. Forcing me now onto Ray’s cock. Fucking my pussy and pushing me to fuck Ray with my mouth. Every cell in my body trembled. Ray reached his hands to my hard nipples and pulled at them. I could not make sense of anything. There was no thought, no anything, just a hard cock in my mouth and Josh filling my pussy. My orgasms came - wave after wave. Leaving me not spent, but aching for more. I wanted them to cum. I worked Ray’s cock taking it so deep in my throat he gasped for air. Teasing the head for a moment then pushing his cock all the way in. Stroking his balls with my hand. Moving my tongue down to taste his balls then kissing up the shaft and licking at the drops of precum before sliding him back in. He began to fuck my mouth furiously, the vein in his shaft pulsing. Each movement he made driving me on. I wanted more. I wanted his cum. Josh’s hands grabbed at my ass as he thrust deeper and deeper into me. I could not keep track. I could just be fucked and fuck.

“I am going to cum,” Ray moaned. I gripped my lips around him and sucked hard as he pumped up into me. His hands tangled in my hair and slid me up and down his cock. He pulled me up and shot one, then two more streams of hot cum across my face as he let out a loud growl. He released my hair and sank back to the bed. I turned my head just enough to let Josh see Ray’s cum dripping over my deep red lips, down my chin. My tongue darted out to taste it. Josh pumped like mad at the sight. Then I felt the quick deep thrusts and his hips crashing into me. “Yesss,” he moaned as he slammed his cum deep into my pussy. My orgasm met his; my pussy milked his throbbing cock as we trembled together. 

After a moment Josh rolled to the other side of the bed and I curled into him, panting and spent. My hand reached for Ray and he was not there. I looked to see him sliding his jeans back on. I smiled at him from the corner of my eye as he slipped his business card onto the nightstand and quietly left the room.

I wrapped myself around Josh, wiping my lips and chin using the back of my hand. I kissed him soft and deep. We cuddled together. The blankets were askew and barely covering us. I felt safe and home and loved in the arms of my man. 

Ray’s white business card sat on the nightstand… and I was sure we would use it.