 I hadn't gone out in over a month. 

My girlfriend of 3 years broke with me 6 weeks earlier and I hadn't taken it well. After other breakups, I had wanted to get out and meet people, to screw away the pain, but this one was different. I didn't want to eat, to talk to anyone, to function at all. Weeks passed and I wasted away in my bedroom, binge-watching netflix and getting stoned. Luckily, I have good friends, and eventually they noticed something was up and insisted we go downtown to get me out of the house. Reluctantly I agreed and set to trimming my beard, bathing myself, you know, the things people do when they are required to interact with others. My buddy picked me up around 9:00, and we went to his house to pregame. 

I hadn't really considered the idea of getting laid, up until this point. After the breakup I had been depressed and my libido had fallen off considerably. But somewhere in the back of my mind the thought occurred that it might not be a bad idea to take some home tonight. I only had a few drinks at my friend's house, wanting to stay soberish before we got downtown. I brought a joint along and we lit up before calling an Uber to take us to a bar. 

We stopped by a few of our usual spots before inevitably ending up at our favorite bar, a place with indoor and outdoor dance floors, 3 bars, and 2 DJs. My friends and I had some more drinks, talked, and eventually began dancing. The clock passed midnight, and the music began to pick up pace as the lasers started dancing along with us. Slowly, my friends and I were separated as the dance floor filled with bodies and the music intensified. I danced with a few girls briefly, before seeing an old friend moving through the crowd toward me. I greeted him and we exchanged pleasantries. I asked if he wanted to smoke a joint with me, which he did, so I lit another and we passed it around in the dark, crowded room. The girl in front of me turned around and we made eye contact; she had smelled the pot and wanted a hit. She was a few years older than me in her late 20's, tall and thin, with wide hips and long, brown hair. I thought she looked cute, so of course I passed her the joint. She finished it with my friend and I before backing against me with a slight grind. Apparently the weed made her want to dance, which was fortunate because it was having the same effect on me. We slowly swayed to the song, and then started moving a little faster as the DJ mixed in the next song. 

"I'm Stephan, by the way." I told her, realizing I didn't know her name.

"Ari." was all she replied. 

We continued dancing through one more song, when I asked if she wanted a drink. She said she would have whatever I got, and sent me to the bar. I stopped by the patio and smoked a cigarette before making my way to the bar. When I returned to the dance floor with our drinks, my new friend was nowhere to be seen. I didn't take it too hard, after all, now I had two drinks for myself. I started to look for the friends I came with when I saw Ari across the dancefloor, kissing another guy. Now, I've never been very territorial, when a girl sees someone she would rather dance with, I can't begrudge her if she does so. Even so, my gaze lingered as she pulled away from the kiss. I briefly caught a look at his face before I realized that she was looking right at me. I quickly looked down at my drink, embarrassed that I had been caught staring. As I stared at the melting ice cubes it occurred to me that the guy she was kissing looked a little like a slightly older me. Tall, fit, goofy haircut, and a neatly trimmed beard. I flashed my eyes up to get another look and saw her walking towards me. He looked on from behind. 

She drew herself close to me and took one of the drinks as she whispered, "What took you so long? I got lonely."

"I see that." I chuckled. 

She leaned in closer with a gleam in her eye. "Don't know know it's nice to share?"

My eyes widened as she kissed me on the cheek. I didn't respond, and she turned around, leaning her back into my chest as she began dancing again. 

I am a fairly open minded guy and I have had my share of experience meeting girls downtown, and I was pretty stoned, so none of this phased me very much as we continued dancing. She ground her firm ass against my crotch and grabbed my hands and drew them to her hips. My eyes closed momentarily, caught up with dancing to the music, when I felt another set of hands come to rest on her hips. He was in front of her, facing me, dancing with her between us. 

Now I got a closer look at him. He was quite handsome, obviously in good shape, and a few inches taller than me. He spoke. 

"I'm Nick. I heard your name is Stephan"

"Oh did you?" I replied, slightly shocked. Catching myself, I ventured, "Nice to meet you." 

Nothing more was said during the remainder of the song, or the next. We danced, sometimes her with me, sometimes her with him, and sometimes between both of us. She was very beautiful, with sharp cheekbones and green eyes. Finally, the song came to an end and he checked his watch. 

"It's only 1:15." He said. "If we wanted to take this party somewhere else we still have plenty of time." 

I thought he meant go to another club, since they only stayed open till 2:00. I looked around for the friends I came with. No sign of them. 

"Ok, I'm down." I agreed as she took us both by the hand, and led us out of the bar. 

We walked down the street a bit and I conversed with my new friends, mostly small talk about how much we liked the DJ or something like that. About 10 minutes later I realized I had been walking with them without knowing which bar we were going to next. 

"Hey, where are we headed?" I asked. "Lemme text my friends and let them know so they aren't worried."

"Our condo is right around the corner." He replied. "We have a full bar up there and plenty of weed."

Initially I was disconcerted by this news, I thought we were going to another club, not their condo. Still, this was a nice part of town, and a full bar and another joint didn't sound too bad. I followed them into a high rise building and into the elevator. 

Once in the elevator, Ari grabbed Nick and made out with him while I watch. This is getting weirder and weirder, I thought. 

She broke the kiss and touched the button on the elevator for their floor, 17.

"It's a long way up, lots of time for this." She said as she pushed me against the wall and kissed me, this time on the lips. I gave into her kiss and slowly parted my lips as she pressed on. The elevator rang, we had arrived. She once again grabbed both of our hands and led us down the hallway to their flat. 

As a grad student I am pretty poor but I still manage to live in a trendy part of town. Still, my apartment had nothing on theirs. I wondered what he did for a living as I took in my surroundings. It had an open floor plan and a wide living area with glass doors leading out to the balcony. Down a hallway, I assumed, was the bedroom. 

"Make yourself comfortable" She instructed as she pointed at their couch. "What can I make you to drink?"

I looked at the bar and saw he wasn't lying, they really did have everything. 

"Scotch and soda." I said as I sat down. 

Nick sat on the sofa opposite me. "Y'all have a beautiful place." I told him. 

"Thanks." He replied. "We love hosting." He opened a wooden box on the coffee table and began rolling a joint.

She brought us both drinks and sat down. "I don't know if you noticed.." She began, "..but we both really like you. We think you are very cute." 

I had known the night was headed in a strange direction but I still hadn't expected this. "Thank you." I stammered. "You both are very good looking too." 

"Well we are glad you think so. Not very many single guys are interested in a married couple."

I wondered what she meant by interested as I noticed for the first time the rings on their fingers. So they were married. 

He jumped in. "I hope we aren't being too forward, but in our three years of marriage we have learned to be very open with each other. We like to find friends to play with. Mostly women, but we like a man every once in awhile."

By now their intentions were quite clear to me. I had thought about threesomes before, mostly in the context of two girls, although the thought of sharing my ex with another guy had occurred to me. I hadn't expected to walk into one this easily. 

She scooted closed to me on the couch. "That's not too much for you to handle, is it?"

"No," I replied. "I think I can handle that."

"Good." She smiled as she set her hand on my lap. I heard the spark of a lighter and looked up to see Nick exhaling a puff of smoke. He passed Ari the joint. She inhaled and leaned into my mouth, kissing me as she blew the smoke into my lungs. God this girl was something else. She handed me the joint, and got up and walked to the stereo. 

"We need some music." She announced as she put on a record. She turned around and danced her way back to the couch, seductively. "Nicky come here." She patted the couch. 

Nick obliged her and joined us on the couch as we passed the joint. I sipped my drink and looked out the windows at the other buildings around us. "I would love to finish this on the balcony."

"Let's show him the view Nick." Ari said as she sprang for the door. We walked outside and took our places leaning on the railing, her between Nick and I. 

It was quite a view. And a long way down. The air had just started to turn crisp from Fall winds and I couldn't help but enjoy it. I was having a good time. 

Ari edged her way between Nick and the railing and looked over at me. "You have no idea how crazy it feels to fuck up her." She said nonchalantly. 

"I bet it does." I replied with raised eyebrows. She turned towards me. 

"Stephan it's getting late, I think you better stay the night." She said as she grabbed me by the shirt and pulled herself to me. 

"I don't think I have much choice-" I managed to squeeze out before she silenced me with a kiss. Now we kissed long, with closed eyes and twirling tongues. I heard a zipper and her dress fell to the ground. He was behind her. I looked down. She stepped out of her dress, wearing no bra or panties, just heels. I thought things were about to get hot on the balcony when she grabbed us by the hands and said, "C'mon boys, let's get more comfortable." while she led us inside. We walked past the couches toward the hallway, only stopping so she could grab a bottle of wine from the bar. We turned the corner to their bedroom; huge, with a king sized bed, and giant windows overlooking the city. She jumped on the bed and turned around on her hands and knees, facing us.  

Nick leaned in and whispered to me: "Everything that is mine is your's tonight man. Let's have some fun." He gently pushed me toward the bed. 

She grabbed me by the belt and pulled me close. "I've been dying to see this ever since I started dancing with you." She said as she unbuttoned my pants. She pushed them down along with my briefs, letting out my cock. 

When we danced at the club I had felt it stir, but I had tried to force it to behave in public. Since her dress dropped on the balcony, however, my erection had made up its mind. She held it in her hands, gave it a good squeeze, and then took a big lick with her tongue. I looked around, unsure how to feel about Ari playing with my cock while her husband watched. He had taken off his shirt, revealing his muscular torso, and was pouring three glasses of wine while watching intently. We made eye contact and he smiled. 

My attention was directed downward as she took my dick into her mouth. I groaned in pleasure as she slid her lips up and down my shaft. Nick tapped my my shoulder, and handed me a glass of wine. We clinked glasses and I took a big gulp as she sucked my cock even further into her mouth. 

"It's so hot watching you suck cock like that, you slut." Nick said as he sat down on the bed. He grabbed a big handful of her tanned ass and squeezed. She reached over and began to unbutton his jeans. Soon his cock sprung out, and I could tell he was as excited as I was. This was my first time in a room with another erect penis. It didn't feel as awkward as I might of thought. She lifted her lips from mine and moved to his. I stepped back and watched as she slurped him down, catching my breath. She grabbed my cock and started stroking while she sucked him. With a pop she took her mouth from his dick, and grabbing us both by our cocks, led us both onto the bed. She pushed me on my back and removed the rest of my clothes. He slipped out of his jeans and pulled another joint from their bedside table. He motioned for me to sit up against the headboard and took his place beside me as he lit the joint. We began smoking, while she continued to alternate between sucking our cocks.

I lifted her head and held the joint to her lips. She inhaled, all the while stroking our cocks. 

"Ari, I think you need some attention." I told her. 

Nick smiled in agreement. She laid back and we both started kissing her body, down her neck to her breasts. Then Nick slid down and buried his face in her pussy. She pulled me to kiss her as he ate her out. I held her tits while we made out, they were firm and perky, but also pretty well sized. Her nipples protruded firmly and I gave one a squeeze. She broke our kiss and said, "Get down there now, it's your turn." 

I was all too happy to comply. I loved going down on a woman and I hadn't had the chance in months. Her pussy was already soaking wet; Nick had been doing well. We switched places and I lowered my tongue to her vagina. I danced around her lips and teased her, but she wanted full contact. She ground her pussy up into my face, finding my tongue with her clit. I began to lick in earnest, sucking her clit between my lips as I ran my tongue over it. "He's almost as good as you, Nicky." I heard her say. 

I felt her knees pull up higher and felt her hand push my head lower. "I don't want to cum yet, try my another hole." She giggled naughtily. 

A new fire was lit inside me and I lowered my tongue to circle her anus. "She loves getting her ass licked." Nick informed me. I glanced up to see her stroking his cock; they were both watching me closely. I poked her hole with my tongue and she squirmed, I slid it just barely inside and she moaned. 

After a couple of dips into her ass, i licked from bottom to clit and back down again before returning to her clit and taking it between my lips. In a few minutes, she came loudly, holding my head between her legs till she couldn't stand it anymore. She drew me up to her mouth and kissed me, tasting herself on my lips on tongue, and then leaned over and kissed Nick. 

He whispered something in her ear and they both smiled mischievously. She got on her hands and knees and he lined up to fuck her from behind. She brought my cock back to her mouth. 

I was so stoned, and so turned on. He began fucking her firmly while she sucked my cock. I heard a slap. His hand came down on her ass three or four more times. 

"Suck his balls, slut." he commanded. 

She took them into her mouth and ran her tongue over them while she stroked my cock which was wet from her spit and my precum. Her other hand dipped underneath and tapped my asshole. 

I moaned in ecstasy and surprise. "Mhmm!" she repeated loudly and Nick picked up the pace. 

"You want me to cum in your tight pussy baby?" Nick asked. 

Ari briefly stopped sucking my balls and nodded her head before taking my cock back into her mouth. I could tell Nick was getting close to cumming. I knew I was too. This felt incredible. A beautiful woman sucking my dick while her husband pounded away from behind. Her finger slid up into my ass and I warned her that I wouldn't last much longer. She started sucking even faster, matching with the faster rhythm of Nick fucking her. Nick groaned as he started cumming. Ari took my cock into her throat all the way down, and I felt the pressure explode inside of me. I came down her throat and she continued sucking my cock until it was too sensitive for me to let her go on. She promptly kissed Nick again, twisting her body around while he was still inside her. 

"He tastes good, doesn't he?" She asked Nick with a smile. 

I threw my body down onto the bed, completely drained. They lay down beside me with her in between. 

"I think this one's a keeper." She announced.