 She quickly composed herself as she heard the bathroom door open, then footsteps in the hallway and a brief silence as he waited to be acknowledged. She stood, pivoting gracefully to face him she looked him over and nodded her head in approval. It was so hard to maintain a cool exterior around him sometimes, he really was beautiful. He was only a few inches taller than she was, so she could reach up to kiss him barefoot, or look him in the eye wearing heels. He was slight enough to handle, but strong enough to control her if he wanted to. Gray was starting to show in his dark hair, his eyes were intense but his face never gave away what he was thinking. "Yes", she thought to herself, "I have to be careful with this one." 

The car ride was quiet, they talked about normal things. It was often like this. Flirting was nonexistent most of the time, but the sexual tension was palpable. She directed him where to turn to get to her friend's house. He handled the car with ease, just like he could handle her when she allowed it. But that was not something she could allow herself to think about right now or she would lose her nerve. 

They pulled into the driveway of the house and got out of the car. She led him by the hand up to the front door and rang the bell before taking him inside. That would alert her friend that they were there, and they were expected. As the door closed behind them, she turned to face him, kissed him gently and whispered to him to take his clothes off. His eyes went wide for just a moment, but he did as he was told. It was cool in the room, and his nipples stood out. She couldn't help herself, she reached out and twisted one as she turned to walk away. He gasped slightly and then hurried to follow her, unable to see the smile on her face. 

She led him downstairs to the lower level of the house, to a large bedroom. There was a high bed with bedposts that nearly reached the ceiling, a sofa, a dresser and plenty of floor space. A man was lounging on the sofa. He didn't move, but when he made eye contact with her, she walked over and knelt at his feet, looking up at him. He leaned forward and lifted her chin slightly with his hand, "What do you have here, my precious one?" 

"Daddy, this is Seth," she said. "I brought him for you." 

"Did you now?" he replied. "Well, let's have a look at him." 

She rose and took his hand and let him lead her over to Seth, who was still standing at the door, looking down awkwardly. She knew this was a new situation for him. He didn't have any experience with men, except for that one drunken blowjob in college. She also knew how bad he wanted this to happen. Having his control of the situation taken away was the only way he would ever carry out this fantasy. 

"Turn, boy, show me what my girl has brought me." 

Seth stepped away from the wall and turned around. He looked up at her and was rewarded by a smile. She stepped forward and kissed him, lightly gripping his cock as she did. "You're doing so good." she whispered. Despite his nervousness, he started to get hard. She noticed immediately and looked back at Daddy. He nodded, and she dropped to her knees. Looking up at Seth, she ran her tongue over the head of his now fully erect cock before taking him in her mouth. She worked her lips down his shaft until he touched the back of her throat. She pulled back quickly, swirling her tongue over his head before taking his length back into her mouth. She knew she was good at this, and it was confirmed when his breath started to quicken and his hips started to move. 

She knew by now how easy he was to control when he wanted to cum, so she decided now was the time to get him started. She stood and took him by the hand, leading him to a soft rug in the middle of the room. She pushed his shoulders down, gently, and he dropped down to his knees, looking up at her, waiting. Daddy approached her from behind and ran his hands down her sides, then lifted her short dress and pulled it over her head, leaving her standing there nude. He handed her a pair of black leather cuffs, which she bent down and placed on Seth's wrists, then pulled his hands behind his back and hooked them together. 

Daddy stepped up in front of him. "Show me what you can do with a cock, boy." he said, as he unzipped his jeans in front of Seth's face. 

She knelt beside Seth and ran her fingers through the back of his hair and over his shoulders. As Daddy brought his cock up to his mouth, he tried to shy away, but she leaned in close to his ear, gripped the back of his hair and said "open your mouth, suck it like I've been teaching you". He did as he was told, opening his mouth and taking the head of Daddy's huge cock between his lips. Her hand on his head was replaced by Daddy's larger, rougher hand. He closed his eyes and started to suck and lick and she could tell he was enjoying it. Still sitting beside him, she gripped his cock and started to stroke him, slowly, steadily. Daddy had both hands on his head now, fucking his mouth in earnest, heedless of his gags. His cock was throbbing in her hand. 

Daddy pulled out of his mouth and moved around behind him. He was still catching his breath when she pushed his shoulders down to the floor. Strong hands pulled his hips up and started rubbing his cheeks. He gasped as she dripped lube over his ass and ran her finger across it, pushing in a few times to loosen him up. 

"Wait, I..." Seth started, before a sharp slap from Daddy landed on his ass cheek. He stopped and bit his lip, bracing himself. 

She watched as Daddy pressed the head of his cock against Seth's tight ass. She had used toys on him before and he loved it. He let out a low moan as Daddy started pushing, stretching and spreading him open. She started stroking Seth's cock again, and she felt him pushing back against Daddy. Daddy leaned forward and got a handful of Seth's hair, pulling his head back as he pushed deep into his ass. He started thrusting, pulling almost all the way out each time before driving back in deep. She knew how good that felt, and she knew how tight Seth's ass was and she didn't expect either to last long. She got on her back and slid under Seth, taking him back into her mouth, she didn't even have to move, each time Daddy thrust into his ass, it drove Seth's cock into her throat. She felt Daddy's hand on her pussy, two fingers sliding inside and keeping the same rhythm as his cock in Seth's ass and Seth's cock in her mouth. 

Seth's moans turned to whimpers and she felt him start to cum in her mouth, she sucked hard and then heard Daddy's low growl that meant he was starting to cum, too. He buried his cock deep in Seth's ass and pumped him full of hot cum while Seth's softening cock was still in her mouth. Daddy pulled out, stood and walked out of the room. 

She got up and removed the cuffs from Seth's wrists, and helped him lay down on the soft rug. She pulled a blanket off the bed and curled up with him, covering them both. She stroked his hair softly for a moment before he fell asleep. She smiled and fell asleep next to him.