 I have to be honest, I don't remember much more about the rest of the night. I woke up the next morning in the same position I had collapsed the night before. Ari laid beside me, eyes wide open, looking intently into mine.

"Goodmorning." she smiled.

"Hey there."

"Nick had to go to a meeting this morning. He told me to make sure you were taken care of when you woke up." she said, grabbing my shoulder and pulling herself close to me.

I closed my eyes and met her kiss. Was I still dreaming?

"He said to start with this." She rolled over and grabbed a fat joint and a lighter from the nightstand. She lit it and put in between my lips. then, she kissed down my neck and down my torso. I leaned my head back and puffed lightly, closing my eyes. I liked these people. I was learning to enjoy this. Her lips kissed my balls, then she prodded them with her tongue before taking one, then both of them into her mouth. She ran her fingernails down my abs and up my thighs, sending electricity through my body. I exhaled, moaning in pleasure.

My cock had now swollen to full size, and she began stroking it before taking the head into her mouth. I had enjoyed her head last night and this morning was even better. She alternated speeds, pausing occasionally to deepthroat me. Suddenly she stopped.  

"I need you inside of me. I never got to feel this monster last night." She straddled me, and lowered herself onto my cock. I reached out my hand and gave her the joint before grabbing her perky tit. Her nipples her hard begging to be pinched.

I slid my other hand between her thighs and used my thumb to rub her clit while she rode me. Her pussy felt incredible. 

"You are so wet and tight." I told her. She squeezed even tighter on my cock.

"I love your cock, Stephen." she moaned. "Keep rubbing my clit I'm going to cum."

"Not yet." I said. "Turn around."

Obediently, she rose on her knees and remounted facing the other direction. I brought my thumb to my mouth, tasting her juices. I light my thumb, wetting it.

"You ride my dick so good. I fucking love you pussy. Lean down." I told her.

As she leaned farther down her globes parted, revealing her pink asshole. I began running my thumb in circles around it.

"Yeah baby play with my ass, be naughty with me while Nick is at work." she sqeaked, picking up the pace of her bouncing. Her ass looked so good.

She looked back over her shoulder at me. "Put it in." She commanded. I slid my thumb into her hole.

"Yeeeeeeessss!" she screamed. I felt my cock sliding in and out of her through her anal wall. This was hot.

She reached between her legs and grabbed my balls. "Hmmm I can feel how full of cum your balls are, I want your hot cum inside me." This girl was dirty. 

I bucked up into her matching her pace, fucking her asshole with my thumb. We went faster and faster for the next few minutes before she begged, "Cum with me baby, cum in my tight pussy."

I was already close and this sent me over the edge. I thrust up shot deep inside her and she ground down on my cock and thumb, in orgasm as well. She fell back onto my chest, facing upwards with my cock still in her. I closed my eyes, my head was spinning.

I heard the door open.

"Well, well, well..." It was Nick's voice. "Looks like you followed instructions." 

"Yes of course baby." Ari replied. She rolled off me, onto her hands and knees.

Nick crawled behind her, still in suit and tie. He then began to eat her out, sucking my cum out of her pussy. She moaned. My cock began to stir back to life. They were both so kinky.

"Doesn't he taste good, Nicky?" she asked him. He grunted in reply. He reached down to his pants and unzipped his zipper while he ate her out. He pulled out his massive cock, stood up and pulled her back onto him.

Watching him fuck her from behind had my cock rock hard again. I began stroking myself. Nick must have been pretty horny because it looked like he would cum soon. Her eyes rolled back into her head as he thrust deep into her. "Cum in my pussy baby, mix your cum with his!" she begged. Nick grunted loudly and bucked his hips into her, cumming hard apparently. he pushed her down on the bed and laid down beside her. 

"Uh oh." He said. "It looks like our guest still needs attention."

"I think you're right." she agreed, taking my cock from me and stroking it herself.

I looked at the clock. "I really probably should get going, I'm afraid. I need to get my car from my friend's house." 

"Pleeeeeeease." She begged. "It can be fast."

"I don't know if I can cum again that fast." I admitted.

"I know what will make you cum fast." Nick chimed in. He whispered something in her ear. She leaned forward and spit onto my cock, rubbing it around her her hands. He spread her ass cheeks and spit onto her hole, doing the same. 

She lay back on the bed, he slid a pillow under her ass.

"Stephan, I would like you to take her other hole now." Nick said matter of factually.

"How can I say no?" I replied. 

I lowered myself between her spread legs and dipped my cock to her hole. I met some resistance at first but I could tell she was experience. They were right. She was so tight, it felt so good, I knew I wouldn't last long. I felt her hands on my chest, reaching up, squeezing my neck. lightly choking me. "I need you to cum in my ass for me" She demanded. I felt her ass squeeze tighter on my cock. My body jolted as I sprayed into her ass, pumping fast with the ne lubrication. Finally, I collapsed. Resisting the urge to fall asleep, I pulled myself out of the bed. 

I dressed and found my phone and watch. I kissed her goodbye on the cheek and Nick walked me to the door. He handed me a piece of paper. "Here is our phone number. Text me when you want to play again. We can't wait."