 The next week, I tried my hardest not to think about sex 24/7. Luckily, I had a lot of work to do and spent most of my time in the library researching instead of moping around in my room. Thursday night, I finally finished my project, and left the library around 11pm. I hadn't really eaten since I was so busy, so I stopped by a Thai restaurant that was open late on the way home, ready to fill up on missed calories. As I climbed off my bike and locked it to the rock, my mind flashed to Ari and Nick. I wondered if they would contact me again.

I went inside and ordered. As I waited for my food, I realized that they couldn't contact me, I hadn't given them my number. He had given me theirs. The pressure was on me. I reached into my wallet and pulled out the card with 10 digits written on it. I unlocked my phone and typed the number in. I typed: "Hey there, It's Stephan. How's it going?" but stopped before hitting "send." I was too nervous. My waitress showed up with my to-go order. As I put my phone down to take it from her, I accidently swiped my finger across the screen and sent the message. I didn't realize till i was back home, getting ready to eat. When I saw I had sent the message, anxiety overtook me. I hadn't texted someone looking to hookup in a long time. It felt new again. I knew it was out of my hands now, all I could do is wait. I fell asleep without receiving anything back, slightly discouraged. 

I woke up late on Friday morning, which I did every Friday. When making my schedule for the school year I always try to make sure I have no classes or obligations on Friday. Usually, I spend the time catching up on grading papers or research, but when I have had a productive week I give myself the day off and just recover. I rolled a joint and lit it up in bed, casually puffing it as I started reading the news on my phone. I was just about to get out of bed and start a pot of coffee when my phone buzzed in my hand. It was a picture message of Ari and Nick in bed together, cuddled close under the covers. The text read "Miss you in bed this morning. :)"

Normally I would have waited to text them back (my social anxiety has led to crippling neuroses in certain situations) but since I happened to be in bed as well, I decided to reply. I took a selfie, trying to do my best goofy smile, and sent it back, adding: "Wish I was there."

Almost right away my phone buzzed again. Another picture. This one was from Nick's point of view, looking down at Ari taking his cock deep in her throat. "You could be getting one of these." 

I cornilly replied: "Looks like she is enjoying her breakfast." Gee, that was stupid. 

I got out of bed and started coffee brewing. I looked back at my phone. Another text. Thank god I didn't scare them off. "What are you up to today?"

I stepped out on my balcony to smoke a cigarette with my coffee. "Nothing, I have the day off."

Before I was through smoking the cigarette, they message me back "We did too! It's too nice outside."

And then before I could reply: "Wanna come over for a late brunch on our balcony? Ari is a great cook and Nick will run out for stuff for mimosas." 

Oh shit, I thought. I was excited that they texted me this morning, but I hadn't been thinking that my day would turn into another sex fest like the weekend before. Still, I couldn't say no. "That sounds lovely." 

"Around 12?"

"You got it."

At 11:45 nervously climbed out of my uber outside their condo building. I was early. Hopefully that didn't seem too eager. I walked in the glass door and instantly the conciergerie approach me and asked if I was Stephan. I told him I was, and he let me know that Nick and Ari had already told him I was coming and to send me up when I arrived. As I rode in the elevator I inspected my outfit in the mirror. I had worn nicer clothes than last time, wanting to make sure they thought I was respectable. The elevator dinged on the 17th floor and I walked to their condo. Ari opened the door. 

"Stephan, Come in! It's so good to see you!" She kissed me briefly on the lips before embracing me. She wore yoga pants and a cropped sweater, very cute. 

"Nick is setting the table on the balcony, sorry, we aren't quite ready yet." 

"It's no problem." I replied. "I got here a bit early. It smells good in here!" 

"Well I hope it tastes good too." She said, walking me into the kitchen. "Nick! He's here!" She yelled out through the open door. 

"Hey there!" Nick said, bounding in from the balcony. He wore jeans with no shoes and a white tee-shirt. He had a pitcher full or orange juice in one hand and a bottle of champagne in the other. "How's it going this morning?"

"I'm doing just fine. Look's like you guys have been hard at work in here. " I replied.

"Ari has been, she's the chef. I just try not to break things."

Ari wrapped her arms around him. "But I still love him."

"Stephan, will you help me carry these out?" Nick motioned towards a stack of plates and glasses. 

"Sure." I grabbed what I could and followed him out. 

I had forgotten how beautiful their balcony was. It looked right down across downtown and over the lake. Light clouds blocked the sun high in the sky, and the breeze felt amazing. After we had distributed the settings around the table Nick poured us both tall mimosas and we leaned against the balcony. We exchanged some small talk about how the week had been and what we had been working on. I found out they were both lawyers, working for the same company. They had a flexible schedule and usually only worked three days a week, and travelled often. 

"Hey, you didn't wait for me!" Ari had come out on the balcony behind us, carrying something delicious smelling in her hands. Nick poured her a drink and we sat around the table. 

The food was spectacular. The only thing that kept me from eating it faster was our conversation. We didn't talk about the other night or sex or anything, just had fun chatting. It was evident that there was an chemistry between us outside the bedroom. We finished our plates, and Ari cleared them away. When she returned, she sat back down and took a long gulp, finishing her drink. She turned to me. 

"So, how did you enjoy our sleepover last weekend?"

Here goes, I thought. "I had a really good time."

"We did too." Nick joined in. "We really like you."

Ari put her hand on my thigh. "Believe it or not, we don't have many friends in town. We moved here not too long ago. We have this wonderful condo and no one to share it with."

"Before we moved here, we had a friend, about your age, who would come stay every few weekends with us. He was a lot of fun, just like you. We miss having someone to play with." Nick added.

"So I guess what we are saying.." Ari continued "Well, we want to ask you out. To be our friend with benefits. You can say no to as much as you want to, but we would love to get to hang out with you and play whenever you want."

I slowly took all this in. Ari scooted her chair closer to mine. "You can come over here whenever you want. We can plan outings and adventures. And there is plenty of room in our bed for you at night."

"Of course, we wouldn't want you to say yes without trying it again. Which brings us to this afternoon. Seems like the perfect opportunity." Nick finished. 

"Well, I am very intrigued by the idea." I admitted. "I don't know what you are expecting, but I like you guys and the sex was great and I'm willing to get to know you better and see what happens."

"That's what we hoped you would say."

"As for this afternoon," I continued, " I would love to spend it with y'all." 

"Perfect!" Ari screamed. She leaned over and kissed Nick. "We were so worried you wouldn't text us."

Nick poured us all another drink. "Also, if you have any question's, feel free to ask, we value open communication, and know it's a lot to think about."

"To us!" Ari said, raising her glass to clink mine and Nick's. 

"You said you had experience doing this sort of thing before, and I have none, does that bother you? And what types of things did you like to do with him? The same sort of stuff we did the other night?"

"We don't mind that you haven't done this before. We will enjoy showing you how great it feels with two other people." 

"As soon as we saw you downtown, we knew we had to have you. With our old friend, we did quite a lot of things." 

"Like?" I was curious. 

"Well," Ari chimed in. "Nick loves my pussy, but he likes boys too. Our friend played with both of us."

I hadn't even considered this, although it made sense given our interactions. Nick hadn't shown any apprehension about tasting my cum in Ari's mouth or pussy. Still, not what I was expecting. "I have never done anything with I guy before." I admitted. "But I guess theoretically I'm not opposed to the idea." I had often looked at men curiously, especially handsome men. But I had never acted on that curiosity. 

"We don't want you to feel any pressure to do anything. But you asked and if you are open to it we can see where things lead." Ari reassured me. 

"And there are plenty of other things for us all to do without you and I ever touching." Nick said. "But you do have a sexy body and a hot cock, I couldn't help but noticing."

"Well thank you." I laughed. "Once again, I can't make any promises, but so far with you guys, saying yes has led to good things, so we will see."

"Personally, all this talk has gotten me really horny." Ari said grabbing both of our hands. "I think I need you two to take care of me right now, we can worry about the rest later." 

She led us inside to the bedroom and told us to sit on the bed. She walked to the window, facing away from us. She lifted her top over her head, revealing her sexy tan skin. Her long, brown hair flowed down her back. She looked over her shoulder as she slid her yoga pants down her long legs, bending over as she did it. A pink thong came into view, partially hidden by her round ass. She turned around and slowly walked back to Nick and me, swaying seductively. She leaned over, reaching for each of our crotches with her hands and kissed us both. We were both growing hard, under her spell. She got down on her knees saying, "Now, which one should I try first?"