 All three of us shed our clothes quickly and climbed into bed. Ari lay between us and grabbed our cocks while each of us took turns making out with her or licking her firm, dark nipples. Soon my hand snaked down to her pussy and I began circling around her clit with my finger. I felt another hand and looking down, realized that it was Nick's. I looked at him and smiled before we proceeded to make Ari feel like heaven. I rubbed her clit lightly while we twisted tongues and Nick slide two fingers inside her pussy, stroking her walls while her lightly bit her nipples. 

"Oooooohhhh I love my two boys playing with my pussy." She moaned. 

Her pussy was already wet, but from the sound of Nick's fingers fucking her, it was getting much wetter. Nick stopped suddenly. "I have to taste this." He said.

He rotated his body and pulled her over him, into 69. She slurped his cock into her mouth and began steadily pumping up and down. She ground her hips down on his face, forcing her juicy pussy onto his tongue. I climbed behind her and spread her ass cheeks. I ran my tongue down her crack and around her hole and she jumped in surprise. I spit on her asshole and started my tongue in deeper, tasting her sexy butt. I thought of the other day when I fucked it for the first time, and how tight it felt. I intended to try it again soon. Nick's head was beneath mine and I heard him grow more vocal as his cock got sucked. I heard a pop as Ari took his cock out of her mouth. 

"Fuck my face, make me feel like a slut while you two eat me out." She commanded. 

Nick began thrusting up into her mouth, pushing his dick down her throat. She really liked getting her mouth fucked, and began shaking her hips on Nick's face. I stopped tongue fucking her butt and instead slid two fingers into her hole and started stretching her. I leaned back and gazed in awe at this sexy couple 69ing in front of me while I played with her ass. 

"Oh my god, I'm cumming, I'm cumming! Yeah fuck my ass and eat my pussy you dirty fuckers!" Ari screamed and sunk her mouth down balls deep on Nick's cock. I felt her ass tighten as she started cumming and I heard Nick groan as she came riding his mouth.  

Nick pushed her off of him and kissed her passionately. "Eating your pussy got me so hard babe you taste so fucking good." he gasped. "Now I'm gonna fuck the shit out of you. Nick, hold her down while I fuck her, and then we will see to it that our guest is properly serviced." He said with a grin.

"Do you want her face up or face down?" I shot back. 

"He wants me on my back, looking up at him." Ari answered for him. She slid her ass to the edge of the bed and he stood between her legs. With on hand I held her hands above her head, and with the other I pinched her nipple while Nick lined up his huge cock to fuck her. 

He grabbed her hips and held her into the bed and thrust in deep, holding it for a while. 

I leaned down and kissed Ari. She whispered in my ear, "Choke me while he fucks me, make me feel like the whore I am."

Still holding her hands above her head, I placed my other hand on her neck and slowly applied pressure. Her eyes went wide and she gasped but she nodded her head in approval. "Harder!" 

I squeezed her throat tighter and Nick began fucking her more quickly. "Just like that!" she yelped. 

She wanted to be our toy and let us do what we wanted with her. And Nick wanted to cum in her pussy. "You like getting held down and choked and fucked by two sexy men?" He asked. "I'm gonna cum in your tight little pussy you slut."

He grunted and bucked his hips into her. I gave her throat a final squeeze as I looked into her eyes, watching her reaction as he shot his load in her cunt. I let go of her hands and she grabbed my head and pulled my mouth to hers to kiss me. Nick pulled out and fell on the bed next to us. 

"I love the way you fuck me baby." Ari said, rolling over to kiss him. They were pretty adorable for being such freaks. 

"And you know I love fucking you baby." He replied. "But right now our guest has a big problem on his hands and I think we need to turn our attention to him." 

He was right. My cock was throbbing hard. This shit was hot. I wanted to cum, bad. 

"I think you are right Nick." Ari said. "I think our new lover needs his cock sucked."

This girl was incredible. She rolled over and lay on her stomach as she started stroking my cock. She spit on it and started sliding her hands faster, occasionally kissing the tip or running her tongue over my piss hole. I closed my eyes and got lost in the sensation. She grabbed my balls and gave a little pull as she took my whole cock into her mouth into her throat. I moaned. 

"Mmmmm that looks soooooo good." I heard Nick say. Ari stopped sucking. "Wanna taste?" she asked. 

Without answering or giving me time to realize what was happening, Nick leaned over and took a long lick of my cock. Ari kept playing with my balls while he started bobbing his head up and down. 

This was my first time getting sucked by a guy. It felt incredible. He didn't have the elegant finesse of Ari, but his mouth was bigger and fit around my cock better, allowing it to slide deep into his throat. I groaned in pleasure, unable to speak. 

"I think he likes it." Ari giggled. 

I regained composure and looked down at the sight of Nick deep-throating me while Ari played with my balls and ran her fingers through his hair. 

"I'm certainly not complaining. " I replied. "I'm actually really turned on, you guys bring out the kinky in me."

"We are turning you into our dirty little slut. We are gonna spoil you rotten and fuck you silly." She said, squeezing my balls tight and kissing me.

We were all on our knees on the bed, her and I upright with Nick bent over slurping my cock down. She reached down and grabbed Nick by the hair, holding his head. "Fuck his face, Stephan." she commanded. "I want you to cum down his throat."

She slapped my ass as I fucked her husband's face. I had never been spanked before and I was surprised by the sting. 

"What a sexy ass." She said. Then slid her middle finger into her mouth, and reached around, sliding it between my ass cheeks and finding my hole. "You like your boy hole played with?" she asked. 

"Oh god." I moaned in affirmation, holding my cock down Nick's throat. I felt her slide her finger inside me, past the second knuckle. My hips bucked in pleasure. I found her clit and began fingering her in return.

"Cum in my husband's mouth while I finger your tight little ass." She hissed. I gasped in pain as she slid another finger in. Seconds later, the pain was gone and it just felt good. 

"Ready to swallow, baby?" She asked, patting Nick's head. I was indeed getting close, and couldn't believe I was about to cum in another guy's mouth. Ari pushed her fingers in further and leaned in and whispered in my ear, "Cum for me baby."

I jolted and thrust into Nick's mouth and he moaned encouragingly. I shot down his throat and he lapped it all up. I fell back on the bed, paralyzed in pleasure, while Nick leaned over and kissed Ari, sharing my load with her. Soon, they were on either side of me, cuddling close and kissing me all over. 

Ari finally spoke. "So, who is better, Nick or me?"

I just laughed in reply. Nick had apparently been turned on by the experience, because he was hard again and stroking his cock, maybe subconsciously. I noticed and an idead sprung into my head. 

"Well man, that was pretty fucking good head." I began. "I guess if you have sucked my cock, it's not that weird if I want to touch yours, huh?"

Ari gasped in delight, and grabbed my hand. Slowly, she drew it towards Nick's giant, throbbing cock. "It won't bite." She told me. 

Nick held his breath in anticipation as my hand approached his penis. I had never been shy in the locker room so I had seen plenty of other dicks, but never an erect one in person. I turned my body to get a closer look. His veins bulged and I was fascinated by this other man's cock. I lightly wrapped my fingers around it, wanting to see if it felt different than my own cock, which I was very used to touching. 

His cock felt harder than I expected, and it was still wet from Ari's pussy. I slid my hand up and down it, feeling its length. "That's a way." Ari encouraged me. 

It was heavier than I expected. I was 7" long, but this must have been at least an inch more and wider around. As I stroked it a drop of precum rose from his slide. From deep inside me, I felt the instinct to bend down and lick it. 

Ari had the same idea. She rubbed my back, putting pressure on me to lean farther down. She grabbed his cock with one hand and my head by my hair with the other. I took the tip into my mouth. I could taste her pussy and his cum, and ran my tongue over his head. 

Nick moaned in approval. I got on my hands and knees and began to stroke and suck him at the same time. "That's a good boy." Ari cooed. 

She reached between my legs and started playing with my downward hanging cock and balls. I started to harden and decided to see how far I could take Nick's cock into my mouth. I went down as far as i could go and held for as long as I could. I got more than half of his cock into my mouth before I started to gag. "That's ok." He said. "You will get better." 

I started playing with his balls while I sucked his cock, trying to mimic the touching that I enjoyed. Ari scooted behind me and I felt her spit onto my asshole. "And you thought I was done back here." She said. 

She continued to stroke my cock while she began finger fucking my asshole again. It felt really good. Encouraged by the sensation, I started sucking Nick deeper and faster. I marveled at how his cock felt in my mouth. I could feel his precum leaking, but I knew that it would be hard to make him cum in my mouth. He had already cum, and I had no experience with this sort of thing. Still, I tried my hardest to make him squirt his load down my throat. I wanted to swallow his cum. Ari spoke behind me. 

"I can't wait to fuck this ass with my strap-on. I'll make you use a buttplug all day to get ready for me then I'll take your ass and show you what it's like to be fucked by a woman."

Her dirty talked turned me on and I wasn't sure if I wouldn't come before Nick. He grabbed my head and started thrusting into it. I resisted at first, but soon he was pushing through into my throat. My eyes started to water but I kept slurping and stroking him, hoping he would cum soon. 

"It's so hot watching my wife finger fuck your ass while you suck my cock." I heard him say. "I'm gonna cum down your throat and make you swallow my cum." 

He thrust three quick times into my mouth, forcing himself farther than before, and I gagged. Seconds later, I felt his cock shoot into my mouth, and then he held it deep in my throat. My mouth felt like it was completely full but I tried to swallow as best I could. I grabbed at on his balls and pulled down, and I heard him curse in satisfaction. 

Ari was kissing me, pushing her tongue into my mouth. She pulled away, saying, "I love tasting my man's cum on another man's lips."

I couldn't believe I had done it. Not only had I sucked a man's cock, but I had made him cum and swallowed it. This was crazy. Now Nick leaned in to kiss me. I closed my eyes and kissed him back, our bearded faces rubbing together. The three of us groped and kissed each other for the next half hour or so, before falling asleep for an afternoon nap. As I drifted off, the three of us were in a spooning position, our filthy midsections pressed close to each other. With my cock against Ari's ass, and Nick's against mine, I drifted off holding Ari's tit in one hand, basking in the warmth of two naked bodies on either side of me.