 I was awakened in bed that evening by a wet mouth on my cock. I rubbed my eyes and yawned before looking downward. Nick and Ari both knelt with their heads over my cock, taking turns sucking it. While Nick deep throated me, Ari spoke. 

"Morning sunshine. You had a massive erection in your sleep, you must have been dreaming about me. Nick and I thought it looked too tasty to pass up." 

She traded with Nick and gave my cock a nice long lick. 

"I hope you don't have to go anywhere anytime soon." Nick said, wiping the spit and pre-cum from his beard. 

"With treatment like this, I'm not going anywhere." I replied before gasping as Nick and Ari kissed around my cock, running their tongues over it at the same time. 

Nick whispered something to Ari and took my cock in his hand, pointing it upwards. She climbed on top, and lowered herself onto me, guided by Nick's strong hands. 

"That feels so good." I moaned as she began to ride me. 

"That's right, ride his cock you little slut." Nick told her. I felt him grab my balls and begin to play with me while she rode me. I saw his other hand reach around and start playing with her clit. She cooed in approval. 

"Bounce that ass!" He commanded, withdrawing his hand from her clit to spank her loudly. 

"Wham!" He spanked her again. 

"Oh yeah baby spank me just like that while I fuck myself on his cock." She winced.

Nick licked his fingers and the next thing I know i felt them ease inside her ass through her pussy walls. Her cunt tightened, reacting to being penetrated in two holes. Now I felt Nick's other hand reach farther between my legs, tickling the skin between my balls and asshole. I shuddered in response. 

"Oh, he likes it when I touch him in dirty places." Nick said. 

"You should finger his ass, it's so soft and tight." Ari told him.

With that encouragement, Nick went further and slid his finger into my hole.

I felt so full. It wasn't like Ari's soft, small fingers, his was much thicker and longer. I felt myself stretch as he pushed farther in. Ari had begun stroking her own clit and was watching my face intently. 

"You like getting your ass played with while you fuck me?" She asked.

"Yeah it feels so good I think I'm about to cum in your tight little pussy." I told her. I was cut off by Nick sliding another finger in my ass. 

I thought I was going to burst. Gradually, i relaxed and adjusted to him stretching my hole. 

"It's so fucking hot fingering both your asses at the same time." Nick had a hungry look in his eye. I heard him spit on Ari's asshole. 

"Ready for both of us babe?" He asked. 

"Yes fuck my ass." She begged. She leaned forward, pressing her perfect tits into my chest. She reached behind her and spread her cheeks wide for him. 

Nick climbed behind her, spitting on his cock and lubing it up. Ari slowed her pace riding me, lining her other hole up with his cock. I watched Ari's face as he slid inside her, her eyes went wide. Once again, I felt him enter her through her pussy wall and felt her grow at least twice as tight. 

"Ohhhh yesssssss fucking dp me I love having both holes filled." Ari screamed as Nick began to pick up speed. We found a rhythm thrusting in and out of her. Feeling his cock slide in and out of her was incredible. I reached my hand between us and started playing with her clit. 

"Choke me again." She told me. With my other hand, I reached for her neck and squeeze. 

"Harder! Squeeze my neck as tight as my pussy feels on your cock." She barked. 

Her dirty talk got me close to cumming. I thrust up harder and faster, kissing her while I tightened my grasp on her throat. She gasped for air, but I didn't let go. Instead, I fell into orgasm, shooting inside her pussy. 

"That's right fill my cunt with your cum while you choke me." Ari encouraged.

Nick had been growing more vocal and animated as well. She kept bouncing on my drained cock as he told her, "I'm gonna fucking cum in your sexy little ass." 

I felt her pussy tense as he came into her and she started cumming as well, screaming obscenities. He withdrew and spanked her ass 4 or 5 times. "Get up there and let Stephan eat you out." He commanded. She crawled up my body, already leaking cum out both holes, and lowered herself onto my face. I lapped at her pussy and asshole, tasting her juices mixed with Nick's and my cum. 

"You two are both such sluts." Nick laughed. 

I ran my tongue over Ari's clit and she quickly lifted herself off me. "I'm still too senstitve" she explained. "I think we all need a shower. We have been pretty dirty."

"I'll go get the water running." Nick turned and left for the bathroom. 

Ari lay beside me and we kissed for a few minutes, running our hands over each other's bodies. Eventually, she got up and led me to the bathroom. 

They had a giant jacuzzi tub with more than enough room for all of us to sit in, but Nick was in their shower. The shower was equally large, about 8'x8", and had two detachable shower heads on either side. She opened the glass door and we stepped inside.  

Nick looked really sexy, I realized, standing under the water naked. His cock was still long and hard, dangling between his muscular thighs. We all three pressed our bodies close together under the warm water and traded kisses and tugs on each other's naughty bits. I don't know what took hold of me, but I suddenly dropped on my knees and took Nick's cock into my mouth. 

His cock was truly magnificent. It was so big, so symmetrical, so hard. I did my best to make him feel good. 

"I think we found ourselves a new pet babe." I heard him and Ari kissing under the water above me. I sunk my mouth as low as I could go. I went surprisingly far, but soon gagged on his giant cock in my throat. He thrust once or twice, holding the back of my head while he fucked my face. It was starting to get uncomfortable when I felt arms pulling me up. I stood and shook the water out of my eyes. 

"You are pretty good for a beginner." Nick told me. 

"And you will only get better with practice." Ari chimed in. 

"Our boy is dirty and needs to be washed." Nick said. He loaded a loofa with soap and pushed me against the shower wall. I felt his and Ari's hands all over me, rubbing me down. The loofa went between my legs, rubbing against my ass and under my balls.

"We need to keep our toy clean so we can play with him." Ari giggled. She grabbed my cock and started stoking it. 

Nick got on his knees behind me and spread my cheeks. "He needs to be cleaned inside and out." He said, covering his finger in soap. 

I felt him press into me, rubbing around my hole and then sliding his finger inside. I moaned at the feeling. 

"So Stephan, it seems like you like having your ass played with. Have you ever tried it before." Ari asked.

I told her that I had girlfriends who had briefly fingered me while they gave me head, but nothing like this. 

"Nick loves it when I play with his ass. We have lots of toys. We have matching buttplugs we wear sometimes. He even lets me fuck him with a strapon. Hhmmm, I'd sure love to fuck your ass with my plastic cock. Doesn't his ass look sexy babe?" 

Nick replied. "His ass is so hot I want to fuck it too." 

I tried not to jump. The idea of Ari fucking me with a strapon was hot. But I hadn't considered the prospect of Nick putting his real, giant cock into me. Suddenly I found myself wondering what it felt like to have a guy cum inside you. 

"Maybe if we are nice to him he we let you fuck him in the ass like you fuck me." Ari spoke. It was easy to tell she got very turned on by the idea of her husband with another guy. 

"What do you think Stephan, do you wanna be Nick's slut with me?" She asked. 

"Uh, that sounds kinda, uh hot."" I stammered. 

"Don't worry, I know he is big. We will practice with you before you try to take him. We have lots of good toys and lube. And I want to fuck you first."

"Ok." I replied. This couple had been so good to me. Yes they were freaks, but I liked them and wanted to be open to trying things with them. So far it had only ended up feeling good. 

"And after I fuck you, you can fuck me." Nick offered. And then added, "All of this at your pace of course. We want you to feel comfortable. Right now you look like you need a drink." I felt his fingers withdraw from me, leaving me wanting more. He stepped out of the shower and walked to a cabinet and opened it, revealing it to actually be a wine cooler. He grabbed a bottle of champagne and three glasses and returned to the shower. After opening it with a "POP", he poured us each a glass. 

"We like drinking in the bath." Ari explained. "Well, we like drinking everywhere." She corrected. 

"That's a good policy." I said, taking a sip. 

We talked and touched in the shower for another 30 minutes or so before toweling off and leaving the bathroom. Without putting on any clothes, they led me to the balcony. "Let's air dry." they said. 

We walked out on the balcony and all three leaned against the glass railing. Nick produced a joint and lit it up while we looked out over the city. It felt pretty cool, smoking naked on the top of the world. At one point Nick took a hit and leaned in, exhaling into my mouth before kissing. Two weeks ago, I would never have thought I would be kissing and sleeping with another guy, but here I was. We finished the joint and sat down, enjoying the evening air. We talked about a few random things, before Ari brought up sex again. 

"Stephan, do you really wanna let Nick fuck you in the ass?"

I thought long and hard for a minute, carefully considering. "Yes. I do." I finally answered. 

"Then we have lots of work to do. His cock is huge. You need to practice a lot if you don't want to get split in two. Let's take him inside and I will show you what you mean."

We walked into their room, and she opened a drawer and took out a box. She opened it to reveal all types of dildos, plugs, restraints, lubes, and a few things i didn't recognize. She grabbed what seemed to be one of the smaller plugs and a bottle of lube. 

"If you wear this every day for a week, it won't hurt nearly as bad the first time." She said. "Lay down." 

I lay on the bed, not knowing what to expect. She took a bottle of oil from the box and dripped some into her hands and then Nick's. They both started rubbing my back and massaging me. 

"We want you to feel relaxed." She said. 

While Nick's strong hands worked on my shoulders, I felt Ari's soft hands work her way down my back. She began massaging my ass, and gradually worked my cheeks apart. I felt her squeeze some lube onto my hole and begin rubbing it in. 

"I'm going to go slow." She said. 

I felt the tip of the toy press against my asshole and begin to slide in. I was still loosened up from earlier, but about halfway in it really started to be a lot to handle. "Breath out and push back." She told me. 

With a pop the toy slid into place. I groaned, experiencing the fullness for the first time. She slide the plug in and out a few times before pushing it firmly into position. 

"See, that wasn't so bad." She said. "Now roll over." 

I obeyed, revealing my cock which had grown quite hard while I was being penetrated. She handed Nick another plug, and some lube, and then took one for herself. They inserted the toys into their asses, much quicker than she had mine. They lay next to me on the bed. 

"It's so sexy knowing my boys have a toy in their holes just like me." Ari said. 

Nick reached over and grabbed my cock and started stroking it. His hand was still oily and it slid up and down easily. I squirted some oil in my hand and grabbed his cock, doing the same.

"Hey no fair, there's no cock for me." Ari squealed. Unphased, she reached into the box and withdrew a massive vibrating dildo. She leaned against the headboard and started sliding it in and out of her pussy while she watched us stroke each other's cocks. 

I got lost watching Ari fuck herself with the dildo with a plug in her ass. It felt like I was masturbating watching porn, only it was real life and someone use was stroking my cock. Nick rolled me over so I was on my side facing Ari, with him laying behind me. As he reached around stoking my cock, his other other hand snaked down to my ass and began sliding the plug in and out of my ass. I moaned in pleasure. 

"You like that? Think about how much better the real thing is gonna feel." He leaned in and whispered into my ear. 

"I'm so hot watching you guys touch each other I'm gonna cum." Ari gasped. Seconds later she was writing on the bed, rapiding pumping the toy in and out of her pussy, eyes rolled back in orgasm. Nick thrust the plug deep into my ass and started stroking me faster than before. 

"I'm gonna cum too." I grunted. 

"Cum on her!" Nick directed, shoving me towards his wife. I took over pumping my cock and got on my knees above Ari. 

"Ugh!" I grunted as I shot my load over her. The first shot flew far, catching her face and neck. My next shot splattered her cute belly and tits, and the rest I shot between her spread legs, aiming for her pussy. She caught some of my load on her dildo and brought it to her lips, sucking my cum off the toy along with her own juices. 

I felt Nick push me down on the bed next to her. we both lay on our backs facing up at him. He had been pumping his own cock. "Now it's your turn." He said. 

With a moan, he starting shooting rope after rope out of his massive cock. He splattered my chest before turning to Ari and spraying across hers. I leaned over a licked up a glob of cum that had fallen on her breast and then rubbed his cum into her skin, massaging her nipples. 

"You like the way daddy's cum tastes?" Nick asked.

I nodded greedily, and took his softening cock into my mouth to clean it off. 

"That's a good boy." Ari said, patting my head. 

After another shower and lots of kissing and touching of our three bodies, I dressed and got ready to go home. It had been a whirlwind day. Ari cleaned off the buttplug she had given me to wear and wrapped it up in a nice bag for me to take home. "Wear this for an hour a day all week long and we will get you nice and ready for Nick's monster." She said, patting his crotch. 

"And text us pictures." Nick added.

"Of course." I said. "And thank you guys for a great day."

"No, thank you. Maybe next week we can go for a drink?" Nick said. 

"Sure, I'd love that."

"Ok then. Have a great week!" Ari kissed me goodbye, and then Nick leaned in and kissed my lips as well. 

"Later man."

As I climbed onto my bike, I noticed some soreness in my ass. Totally worth it. When I got home, I rolled a joint, crawled into bed, smoked it, and fell asleep.