 INTRODUCTION

Gary was gay but most people wouldn't know that when they met him. He was 5'7" tall, weighed 150 pounds and stayed very fit riding his bike through the hills of Marin County. He had sandy brown hair with blue eyes and kept his skin very tan. He had tan lines that emphasized his lily white curvy ass. Gary was a very private person and although he enjoyed another guy's company he did not want a roommate. 

Gary had a small but nice home in Northern California. He had recently purchased a sauna that he dearly loved. It was on the deck in back and he could go from the great room directly to the sauna with just a towel wrapped around him. It was completely private in the back. He liked to watch gay porn and his favorite move was, Sauna Sex." Gary would often sit in the sauna and fantasize about having sex while he masturbated. Soon Gary would invite some of his friends over to party and get crazy in the sauna. He couldn't wait to see all the guys naked together.

One Sunday morning when Gary was enjoying his coffee and reading the paper out on his deck, the next door neighbors stopped over. Gary had not met anyone in the neighborhood yet as everyone's place was somewhat secluded. Jill and Craig Harris lived next door and Gary was pleased that they had stopped over and introduced themselves. Craig was a physical specimen at 6'2" and 195 pounds. Had bleach blonde hair and he was very fit and very tan. Jill was a cute blonde with curly hair down to her neck. She had a very nice figure that Gary guessed to be about 34-22-35. Jill had shapely legs and a very round curvy ass, the kind that Gary would like to fuck if it belonged to a guy.

Jill and Craig were on their way out to breakfast and they invited Gary to join them. Gary was pleased that they asked and he accepted the invitation. The three of them went to a nearby coffee house where they had a light breakfast and several lattes. The three of them got acquainted and enjoyed sharing backgrounds and stories. The topic of sex never came up but Gary sensed that there was something very different about them. Gary told them about his new and that they were welcome to use it anytime.

GARY'S SAUNA FANTASY BECOMES REALITY

A week had passed since Gary met his neighbors Craig and Jill. Since then Gary had watched the gay sauna porn movie every night. Gary masturbated each night as he fantasized about having similar sex in his own sauna. Gary planned to call some of his gay friends on Saturday and invite them over for some fun and games. That Friday after work he got all set up to watch his favorite video with a glass of wine when the doorbell rang. Somewhat annoyed Gary put a robe onto cover his naked body and answered the door. It was Craig.

"Hi bud, I was wondering if I could use the sauna. I had a pretty good work out and I just want to warm these muscles," Craig asked.

Gary stared at his handsome neighbor clad only in work out shorts with a towel thrown around his neck. "Oh sure, yeah go right ahead," replied instinctively.

"Hey if you're not up to anything special, why not join me?" Craig suggested.

"Eh, well I, yeah I guess I could," Gary cautiously accepted.

"Great, I'll see you in there then," Craig said and then went around back to use the sauna.

Gary didn't know how he would react to seeing Craig if he was naked but Gary was already wondering what Craig's cock looked like. Gary decided to be bold and he just wrapped a towel around his naked body and went out back to the sauna. Gary had expected Craig to still be wearing his shorts in the sauna but that was not the case. Gary entered the sauna and he saw Craig sitting naked on his towel on the wooden bench. Gary blushed at first and then his eyes instinctively checked out the impressive hunk of meat between Craig's legs. Gary felt his loins stir and his cock twitch so he kept his towel wrapped around him as he sat down. Gary noticed that Craig was completely tan with no tan lines and Gary immediately thought about the porn actors. Here he was naked in a sauna with a golden bronze god just like in the movie.

"I see that you like to sunbathe in the nude," Gary stammered searching for an ice breaker.

"Oh yeah, Jill and I go to nude beaches all the time. We love some of the all-inclusive resorts especially where anything goes," Craig replied.

"Which ones have you been to?" Gary asked.

Gary named at least five different resorts that had notorious reputations for being a swinger's paradise. "Our favorite one is Hedonism II in Jamaica."

"Are you two swingers?" Gary asked already knowing the answer.

"Yeah, we enjoy other people's company if you know what I mean. This place in Jamaica is something else though. There is more fucking and sucking in public then you could imagine. Every night there is an orgy in the nude Jacuzzi," Craig confessed.

Gary looked at Craig's cock and saw that it was standing straight up. It had to be close to nine inches long and more than five inches around. Gary felt his own cock harden under his towel as he stared at Craig's cock. 

"Oh sorry about that, all this talk got me thinking about sex," Craig said as if he was apologizing for his erection and then he asked, "What about you Gary? What do you do for fun?" 

Gary was momentarily lost for words as he didn't want to come right out and admit that he was gay. "Are you into guys? Are you gay?" Gary heard Craig ask.

"Gary, I'm cool with that. If you're gay you can suck my cock if you like," Craig offered.

Speechless, Gary moved his hand toward Craig's big cock and let the back of his hand brush against the stiff shaft. Gary felt like he was in the gay movie he watched so often. Gary then let his hand close around the thick cock and began to slowly stroke Craig. Gary moved closer and as he did his towel parted and his erect 6" cock popped out. Craig smiled at Gary and then he reached for Gary's cock. The two of them stroked each other's cock until Gary had to have Craig's in his mouth. Gary dipped his head and began to suck Gary's beautiful cock. There was no way that Gary could take more than six inches of the thick meat into his mouth but that was enough to satisfy Craig. Gary proved to be a very accomplished cock sucker and Craig just sat back with his eyes closed as Gary worked over Craig's cock. Craig knew Gary would be surprised with the volume of Craig's cum shots. Craig smiled and heaved a satisfied sigh. 

Gary then kissed Craig's pecs gently and then kissed a trail down his chest and stomach to Craig's cock. Gary was pleased to find a new experienced young lover like Craig. Craig was relieved when Gary again found Craig's aching cock with his mouth. Gary was gentle yet firm with his sucking, engulfing it and pulling off slowly with long sucks. Gary licked up and down Craig's shaft and balls before resuming sucking off the handsome neighbor. It wasn't much longer before Craig trembled and quaked an astonishing orgasm, being very loud when he cried out with the unintelligible orgasmic cries people make when they cum. 

The volume and force of Craig's ejaculation caught Gary by surprise but he kept his mouth on Craig's cock and swallowed every delicious drop. Gary licked and sucked Craig dry relishing every drop of cum that Craig's cock spewed forth. When Craig could take no more of Gary's sucking and nibbling, he tugged on Gary's shoulder to bring him up in his arms. The two naked young men cuddled and kissed as Gary put his arms around his new lover. Craig and Gary smiled at each other as they jacked on each other's cock. They kissed again and moaned in delight as their hands worked magic on the other's cock. They were both sporting two huge boners. 

"Craig would you like to fuck me? I would love for you to fuck me with that big cock of yours," Gary whispered.

"I would love to fuck you. I have been thinking about fucking you ever since I laid eyes on your hot ass," Craig whispered back.

Gary then handed Craig a tube of lube that Gary kept in the sauna. Gary then got on the wooden bench on all fours as Craig prepared Gary's ass to be fucked. Craig squirted an ample amount of lube on his own cock and then knelt close behind Gary. Craig eased his big dick into Gary's well used but tight asshole and Gary uttered an audible gasp. Gary pushed his buns up to meet Craig's penetration and the cock slid in easily. Gary groaned as the thick shaft filled his anal passage. Craig fucked Gary for what seemed to be hours, cumming in Gary's ass twice without removing his cock or going soft. Craig collapsed on top of Gary and Gary was amazed at the young man's stamina. Gary's ass was filled to overflowing with Craig's cum and he felt it ooze from his anus as they embraced. The two of them remained in the same position for several minutes before they separated. 

"Gary would like to fuck me now?" Craig asked.

Gary couldn't believe his ears. This was definitely a dream come true. "Oh yes, I would love to fuck you."

Then Gary lubed Craig's ass and fucked Craig but he didn't last long and he shot his load quickly into Craig's asshole. Gary had played with Craig's cock while he fucked him and it got it hard again. Gary then asked Craig to fuck him missionary style. Gary lay on the bed on his wooden bench with his legs splayed. Craig moved between Gary's legs and slipped his rock hard cock into Gary's ass. Gary held his legs apart as Craig buried his cock deep into the young man. Craig fucked Gary in this position for quite sometime before he was ready to cum for a fourth time. Craig watched as Gary's hard dick bounced off his tummy as Craig pummeled Gary's ass. Craig had the urge to hold onto Gary's cock until he was ready to cum again. Gary squealed with delight when Craig grabbed his cock and began to jerk him. Gary screamed out loud that he was close and Craig jerked him faster. Gary came a third time and cum oozed from his cock covering Craig's hand and dribbling on Gary's pubes.

Craig continued fucking Gary until he came again. Gary felt cum surge into his ass for yet a third time that day. Gary was impressed with his new lover. Gary had never been with anyone who could cum so much and cum so often. Gary looked at Craig as Craig knelt between his legs and he saw that Craig was still sporting an erection. Gary had had enough for one evening and his ass was a little sore so he asked Craig to let him rest. 

"That was great Gary but I need to get going now. I stayed longer than I expected. I hope that we can get together again," Craig said as he stood up and wrapped the towel around his waist.

Craig left the sauna leaving Gary sprawled out on the wooden bench with cum oozing from his dilated asshole. Gary's fantasy had come true as he had had great sex in the sauna. Gary thought to himself, "You know that you have been fucked when that guy fucks you." Gary then went back in his house, showered and then soaked his aching body in his Roman style bathtub. He never did watch the movie that evening, he didn't have to. Gary then decided to hold off on inviting any friends over that weekend. As it turned out it was a good thing that he didn't.

JILL AND CRAIG

"So what do you think of our new neighbor?" Jill asked as she brought two cups of coffee into the bedroom that Saturday morning.

"Good news, he's gay and likes to get fucked," Craig replied.

"Do you think that he's a swinger? Do you think that he will swing with us?" Jill pressed the question.

"I don't know. He didn't seem that interested in you at breakfast. Most other guys are always flirting with you," Craig answered.

"Yeah, I noticed that and you confirmed he is gay," Jill observed.

"I don't think that he is bisexual," Craig commented.

"Maybe we can make him bi," Jill giggled.

"That could be a challenge. He seems to know what he wants," Craig responded.

"Well I think we can work on him and then we can see how soon I can enter the picture," Jill stated.

"Sounds like a plan. Come on I'm horny now from thinking about that, come back to bed," Craig requested.

Jill, still naked, got back in bed with Craig. They always slept naked together. Craig then stood up by the bed with his erect cock standing straight out from his body. Craig was proud of his body and he stood by the bed letting Jill admire it before he made his next move. Craig walked along side the bed bringing his cock closer to Jill's head. Jill stared hungrily at his huge cock and then reached out with her hand to stroke it. She marveled at its size and compared it to all the other cocks that she had had. Craig sighed deeply as she masturbated him. She loved Craig's cock.

Jill leaned forward and her tongue snaked out and lapped at his ball sac lightly, then she gently licked up and down his shaft. Her tongue circled his cock head as she slowly took the head of his penis into her mouth. Her lips slid further down the shaft as she was able to take half of his cock in her mouth drawing a moan from him. Jill began to bob her head back and forth on his cock, sucking hard on his huge member and testing her gag line. She was able to get about seven inches in her mouth. Jill slurped loudly on Craig's dick as her soft lips glided smoothly up and down his long thick cock.

Craig stood before the shapely Jill as she sucked ravenously on his impressive cock. Her hand cupped his balls and gently caressed them as her tongue licked at the head of his dick each time it came out of her mouth. Craig placed his hands on the back of her head and guided her as she gave him an incredible blowjob. He loved the way she sucked his cock. She was so hot and he couldn't believe his good fortune to be with her as he held her hair back to watch her pretty face and sensuous mouth. Jill kept her eyes closed with her lips snugly wrapped around his shaft as she bobbed back and forth. She was still incredibly turned on and her pussy was soaked. 

Craig brought excitement into her life after they met and Jill was addicted to him. She was so enamored with his impressive cock; she found that she loved to suck on it. Jill was desperate to please him and to make him cum and she wanted this to be Craig's best blow job ever. She put all her efforts into it and it did not take long to bring Craig to the edge.

Craig announced that he was cumming and Jill clamped down on his cock determined to swallow every drop of his seed. She could feel his cock jerk in her hand as volley after volley bounced off the back of her throat. Jill swallowed as quickly as she could and did not allow a drop to escape her mouth. She continued to suck on his cock milking it dry of his sperm. Then Jill took the cock from her mouth and Craig watched as she squeezed more cum out the end of his dick. Jill then wrapped her lips around it and sucked his man juice dry. She nibbled on his dick head causing him to shiver and he pushed her away. Craig's cock stayed hard and Jill marveled at the impressive organ before her. Jill lay back on the bed and displayed her beautiful neatly trimmed blonde pussy to Craig. She opened her legs and smiled at him.

"Now do your thing," she said as she opened her legs before him hiding nothing and leaving no doubt as to her desire; her pussy for his taking.

Craig knelt before Jill at the end of her bed and kissed her from her knee up her soft thighs towards her womanhood. He took in the lovely smell of her as he kissed her smooth creamy white skin just beside her vagina. Jill was in a state of ecstasy and her heart pounded as she watched her lover lick her. Her cunt lips quivered as he teased them with his tongue and kissed her everywhere she desired. Craig's tongue was long and probed deep into the inner walls of her pussy.

Jill ran her hands over her body cupping her breasts and rolling her nipples between her fingertips. Craig sucked her cunt lips into his mouth as his tongue snaked around in her snatch. Craig still had not made contact with her clit and Jill desperately needed his tongue or his cock to touch her clit. She moaned in pleasure and frustration as Craig continued to tease her. He again wiggled his tongue deep within her pussy before finally nudging her clit. Jill jumped as a spark of pleasure shot through her body. Craig slid his hands under her curvy ass and lovingly cupped her shapely ass cheeks. He sucked her clit into his mouth and held it between his lips as he ran his tongue over the hard little pearl. Jill arched her back as she felt her orgasm approach.

"Oh yes, oh yes," she called out as the first wave rocked her body.

Jill grabbed Craig's head with both hands and pulled his face harder into her crotch. She vigorously humped his face as his tongue danced over her super sensitive cit. Her thighs clamped around his head and her entire body trembled as she came again almost violently. Jill felt her pussy pulsating as she covered Craig's face with her female juices. Finally she collapsed back on the bed releasing him in the process.

"Oh my God," Jill moaned.

Craig raised himself up and knelt between her legs. His huge cock looked intimidating as it hovered above her hips.

"Are you ready for this?" he asked smiling confidently.

"Oh you know I am, please, make love to me now," Jill pleaded. 

Craig held his cock and lined up the swollen head with the entrance to her sex. He pushed forward slightly allowing her tight cunt lips to open up for his impressive cock. He was about half way in when he pulled out and then slowly eased back into her causing her to moan in pleasure. Craig would push in a little and then pull out a little slowly working his cock deeper and deeper into her vagina. Finally his entire cock was buried in her and Jill sighed feeling completely full it was a fantastic sensation for her to be this full.

Craig held himself inside her waiting for Jill to start fucking him. He looked down at her and smiled and then she pulled him down to her and they kissed deeply with their tongues playing with one another. Jill was ready to be fucked and she needed his big dick to slide in and out of her and rub her clit. She began to move and then Craig fucked her using long slow hard strokes. Jill locked her legs around Craig's ass and pulled him into her. He began to fuck her harder and faster and she felt another orgasm on its way. She was at the mercy of his stiff organ as it pounded her pussy.

If Craig hadn't just cum in her mouth he would not have been able to hold on as long as he did. Jill was so hot that squeezed him with her tight pussy; she was really a good fuck. Craig fucked through her one orgasm after another before he filled her pussy with cum. His orgasm was as intense as hers as their bodies ground together and they moaned and groaned loudly. 

Jill could feel his cock softening but even then it still filled her cunt. Craig slowly lifted himself off of her body and in so doing his thick cock slipped from her pussy. Jill felt the void in her cunt as his cock left her body and she gasped as the coolness of the air touched her vacant pussy.

"Come on, let's shower and grab something to eat. Then I'll call Gary to see if he wants to go riding with us," Craig to her.

The two of them showered together and as much as they tempted to have sex again they restrained themselves. They ate a light breakfast and then Craig called Gary to go biking with them. Gary was thrilled to hear from Craig but he was a little disappointed that Jill was joining them. Gary thought it would be cool to suck Craig or have Craig fuck him when they took a break from biking. However, Gary loved to bike so he accepted the invitation.

JILL JOINS THE FUN

The three of them rode their bikes all through Marin County up and down the hilly terrain. They stop at a coffee shop to give their legs a break and then they returned home. The three of them were exhausted and Jill said that she had to take a short nap. Gary headed home, took a quick shower and then decided to use the sauna. 
