 Justin worked and lived in San Francisco. He was 22 years old with curly brown hair that covered the tops of his ears. Justin was only 5'6" tall and had a very petite looking body. He was actually pretty rather than handsome and he seemed to have more female characteristics than male. His legs were shapely and he had a cute ass that rivaled that of many girls. Strangely Justin also had small perky tits that he could not explain and his body was absent of body hair. In spite of his feminine appearance he was blessed with an impressive 8" cock. Justin loved fucking young women and he had his share of them especially in San Francisco. Many of the girls thought he was cute and they liked it when his small tits rubbed against their breasts when they made love.

Justin rented a first floor apartment in the city. The apartment was in an older Victorian style building that at one time was a three story home. It was convenient to his office and Justin always walked to and from work. One Friday evening Justin was walking home and he had planned to eat, shower and then go out clubbing that night. As he approached his apartment building he noticed a pretty young girl sitting on the steps massaging her foot. When he got close to her, Justin noticed that her ankle was swollen. 

"Are you all right Miss?" Justin asked the girl.

"I twisted my ankle. I should be all right in a few minutes," the girl replied.

"My name is Justin. I live in this building. Would you like to come in and rest for awhile? You should get some ice on your ankle," Justin offered.

"No I don't want to be any bother. I should be okay in a few minutes," the girl declined.

She tried to stand up and Justin helped her to her feet. She attempted to take a step but the pain was too intense. "Maybe I should rest it for a few minutes. My name is Laura." 

Justin helped Laura up the steps and guided her to his apartment. Once inside she sat on his sofa with her leg elevated. He got some ice for her ankle to keep the swelling down. Justin placed towels under her leg and on her ankle before applying the ice pack. As he lifted her leg he could not help but to look up her skirt. Laura had very pretty shapely legs and she was not wearing any hose. 

"Can I get you something to drink; coffee, tea, water, wine?" Justin offered.

"I would love a glass of red wine if you have it," Laura accepted.

"Wine it is and I'll join you," Justin replied.

As Justin opened the wine he studied the pretty girl. She had short dark brown hair and deep dark eyes. She was about the same height as Justin and he guessed she weighed just over 100 pounds. Laura seemed to have small perky tits and Justin wondered if they were bigger than his. She was wearing a full summer skirt with a cotton sweater so it was difficult to assess her figure. Justin poured the wine and brought it to Laura.

They sipped their wine and then they chatted and got to know each other better. The conversation flowed easily as did the wine and before they knew it Justin was opening a second bottle. Justin kept track of the time that the ice pack was on Laura's ankle, twenty minutes on and then twenty minutes off. Laura was getting comfortable in Justin's presence and she became less conscious of her skirt sliding up her legs. Justin could only see up to her knees but even that served to turn him on.

As they talked, Justin learned that Laura had been in a convent but that she didn't take her vows. She recently accepted a position with an insurance company in San Francisco and she was attending college in the evening. Justin was becoming more and more attracted to her so he moved over to the sofa with Laura. He sat behind her so that she could lean back into him. Laura was clearly feeling the affects of the wine and she offered no protest when Justin put his arms around her. Justin then got bolder and he began to caress her arms and nuzzle her neck. Laura relaxed in his arms at first but then she tried to sit up.

"I should probably get going soon," Laura whispered weakly.

"Just relax Laura; you shouldn't be walking on your ankle. You can stay here until you are better," Justin said in a seductive tone.

"I really shouldn't. I get too amorous when I drink wine. I really should go before anything happens," Laura said unconvincingly.

Justin slid his hands down Laura's chest and felt for her tits through the cotton sweater. Laura did not protest this time and she did not stop him. Justin lifted her sweater up and found that she was braless. Her tits were so firm and perky that she did not need a bra. Justin caressed her tits and twirled her extended nipples in his fingers. Laura moaned softly as desire overtook her mind and body. Justin played with Laura's tits as he kissed her neck and then he kissed her on the lips when she turned her head toward him. 

Justin then moved off the sofa and turned Laura so that she faced him. Laura leaned back in the sofa and raised her legs up toward her chest. Justin looked up her skirt and saw her pretty pink panties and he felt his cock surge in his pants. Justin ran his hands up Laura's legs slowly to the waistband of her panties and then he pulled her panties down and off her legs. He was careful when he removed the panties from her injured ankle. Justin stared at her cute pussy with a tiny tuft of hair just above it. He then leaned in and kissed her thighs just above her knees and worked his way up to her treasure.

Laura raised her legs higher and then placed her legs onto Justin's shoulders giving him complete access to her pussy. Laura rested her legs on Justin's shoulders and back at the same time protecting her sprained ankle. Justin kissed her inner thighs moving closer each time to her pussy. Laura was groaning as she lost control of her emotions and she let out a soft scream when Justin's tongue touched her pussy. Laura held onto Justin's head and she ran her fingers through his curly hair as his tongue danced over her clit and probed her vagina.

Laura's pussy was sopping wet by the time Justin got his tongue into it and he drank up her nectar. Justin added two fingers into her and located her g-spot. Justin may have looked effeminate but he was an excellent lover. His cock was raging in his pants at this point and he was anxious to sink it into her womb but he was patient. Laura cried out as her first orgasm rocked her body and she held Justin's head tightly to her coating his face with her love juice. 

"Wet your finger in my pussy and stick it in my ass," Laura whispered excitedly.

Justin heard her correctly but he hesitated as he had never probed an asshole before. "Please, I love that. Put your finger in my ass," Laura begged.

Justin wet his finger thoroughly in her pussy and then gently probed her anus. Justin's finger went in easier than he would have expected. Justin wormed his finger around in Laura's rectum as he continued to lap at her pussy. Laura was going wild with the double stimulation and then she had another orgasm which was even more intense than her first. Justin could not hold off any longer as his desire to fuck her took over. Justin stood up and dropped his pants and underwear to his knees to free his throbbing cock. Laura smiled when she saw the impressive cock leap out of its confinement and bob in front of her. Justin's 8" cock looked even bigger on his petite frame. Justin moved toward Laura's pussy with his cock in his hand but she stopped him.

"No not there," she said as she rolled over and knelt on the floor.

Laura knelt on the floor and leaned over the sofa. She lifted her skirt up over her back and displayed her curvy ass. "Here put it in here," she said as she fingered her own ass.

Justin was stunned as he had never fucked anyone in the ass. He had never tried to fuck any girl's ass before and no girl had ever asked him to until that moment. Justin looked at Laura's perfectly shaped ass and curvy buttocks and decided to give her what she wanted. Laura told him that she needed to be lubricated. "Do you have any cream? You need to grease me up for your big cock," she told him in an excited tone.

Justin stood up and went to his bathroom to get some lotion. He looked silly walking with his pants and underwear around his knees with his erect cock bobbing in front of him. He located the lotion and then returned to Laura. As he lubricated her asshole with the lotion he got turned on and the desire to fuck her ass grew in him. He lubricated his cock with the lotion and then added his saliva to it making it very slick, something he did often when he masturbated. Justin then placed the head of his cock at the entrance to her ass and pressed forward. Laura's rosebud opened up and Justin's cock slid in easily. It was obvious that Laura had done this many times.

Laura relaxed a little and then felt more of his cock slide into her asshole. She grunted out loud as she felt fuller and then a wave of pleasure passed through her body. Justin kept feeding more and more of his cock into her ass. There was fullness and then pleasure each time he went deeper. Laura would tense, relax and then enjoy it. This pattern continued until Justin had all eight inches buried in Laura's ass.

"Oh my God, you feel so thick, I feel so full," cried out Laura and then, "Uh, uh, uh oh yes, it's so good," she cried out.

Justin reached around and played with Laura's clit as he pounded her ass. Her pussy and asshole were on fire as the cock reached sensitive areas in her body. Laura was on the brink of another huge orgasm as Justin methodically fucked her in her tight anus with his stiff cock. He loved watching his erect cock slide out of her shapely ass and then plunge back in as his hips slapped against her curvy ass cheeks causing them to jiggle with each thrust. He loved watching her ass impaled on his cock. Laura looked so submissive and vulnerable on all fours as his cock filled her asshole. Her orgasm surged within her as he fucked her ass harder and faster. 

As Laura orgasmed her entire body went into spasm. Her pussy convulsed and clamped around Justin's fingers coating them with her cunt juice. Laura's asshole pulsated as he drove his throbbing cock in and out of it. Her ass involuntarily squeezed and released his member as he fucked her ass causing him to finally lose it. He slid his pecker deep into her rectum as his cock spasmed and sent a thick stream of hot cum into her channel. Justin kept fucking her as stream after stream was fired into her ass as his cock kept twitching and spurting inside the impaled Laura. 

Laura felt so full of cum and there was no where for it to go as it was blocked by Justin's swollen cock buried in her ass. He slowed his pace and eventually stopped, allowing his cock to remain buried in Laura's ass. He did not go soft right away and he gently moved his hips pushing cum around in her ass. Some of it trickled out and ran down over her pussy lips. Justin really got into the ass fucking and he knew from then on that he would look forward to anal sex. Justin stopped fucking her and slowly withdrew his cock from Laura's loosened asshole. He marveled in the sight of his slippery cock sliding out of her shapely ass. Laura looked magnificent with her just fucked curvy ass in the air. He could not resist sticking one of his fingers in her asshole and Laura just wiggled her bum slightly in delight.

"Could we go to your bedroom?" Laura asked sexily.

"Of course we can," Justin replied excitedly.

"Bring the lotion," she reminded him as they stood up.

Laura walked gingerly on her sprained ankle as she followed Justin to his bedroom. Laura spotted two candles on the dining room table and she took them from the holders. Once in the bedroom Justin and Laura undressed and saw each other completely naked for the first time. Laura was surprised by Justin's tits as they looked a lot like her own. As they got in bed Laura took charge of the action.

"Let me show you what we used to do in the convent," she said excitedly.

Laura had Justin lay in a 69 position with her on their sides. Laura then told Justin to eat her pussy again as she sucked his cock. Justin fastened his mouth on Laura's cunt and began to eat her again. Laura sucked on Justin's cock and he was surprised that she was unconcerned that it had just been in her ass. As the two of them ate each other Justin got hard in Laura's mouth. Then he felt Laura stick a lubricated finger in his asshole and it was the first time that anything had been in Justin's ass. Surprisingly he found the penetration to be pleasant as she sucked on his cock. Justin then followed suit and fingered Laura's asshole again.

Justin was not prepared for the next move when Laura slid one of the candles into Justin's ass. The candle was tapered so it went in easily but then Justin felt the increased thickness as it went deeper into his rectum. Laura had Justin stick the other candle in her ass and the two of them continued to eat each other as they moved the candles in and out of their asses. Justin found the whole act to be quite a turn on as he never realized that his ass was so sensitive. Laura had the candle deep enough that Justin could feel it massage his prostate and he moaned with pleasure. They both became very excited and it didn't take long before they were both cumming again. Laura soaked Justin's face with her female love juice as he shot another huge load into her mouth.

Laura ended up staying with Justin that Friday evening through Sunday afternoon. By then her ankle, although still sore, was well enough to support her weight. They never left Justin's apartment the entire time and they remained naked most of the time. Justin never did get to fuck Laura's pussy as she only wanted his cock in her ass. They also repeated the 69 position several times with the candles and Justin became addicted to the anal penetration. In fact after Laura left on Sunday, Justin masturbated that night and fucked his own ass with one of the candles.

After his encounter with Laura, Justin was haunted by the anal sensation and he frequently inserted a candle in his ass when he jerked off. Justin then began to wonder what a real cock would feel like in his ass. Laura obviously loved anal sex so there had to be something to it. Justin then made up his mind to find out. He knew that he would have to be discreet as he didn't want anyone to know of his latest passion.

JUSTIN SATISFIES HIS NEW FOUND DESIRE

Justin decided to visit one of the adult book and video stores in a gay section of the city. He had heard that guys went there to watch movies in private booths and get their cocks sucked. Justin wondered if the guys would fuck each other in the booths as well. He had never been in one of those stores before and he was understandably nervous on his first visit. Justin walked in and he was greeted by the clerk behind the desk. Justin walked around trying to look normal but he was overwhelmed by all of the sexual material. There were videos, books, novelties and sexual toys of all sorts. His nervousness was more apparent than he thought. He was just about to leave when he heard a soft voice speak to him.

"Is this your first time here?" a voice whispered from behind him.

"Yes, it is. Is it that obvious?" Justin whispered in reply.

"Yeah but don't let it bother you. It's normal to be nervous. I'm Jay," the handsome young man said holding out his hand.

"Justin," Justin replied shaking the stranger's hand.

"Come with me Justin and I'll show you something," Jay said and then he walked toward the back of the store.

As if in a trance, Justin followed Jay into the back room where there a large number of private video booths. Jay picked out a booth and locked the door after he and Justin were inside. Jay then put some tokens in a slot and a gay movie appeared on the screen immediately. Justin couldn't believe his eyes as he had never seen a gay porn movie. There were three men in the video and one was on his knees getting fucked in the ass while he sucked the cock of the third man. Jay rubbed Justin's crotch through his pants until Justin was hard which didn't take long. Jay then unfastened Justin's belt unzipped his pants and pushed them with his briefs down to his ankles. 

Jay then dropped to his knees and took Justin's rock hard cock in his mouth. Justin was so turned on that he came in Jay's mouth almost immediately. Jay sucked down every drop of Justin's cum and he drained Justin's cock dry. Justin couldn't believe that he had just cum in another man's mouth. Jay then stood up and kissed Justin allowing him to taste his own cum. Jay then dropped his trousers and underwear baring his own erection. He pushed gently on Justin's shoulders and Justin realized what was expected of him.

"I've never done this," Justin whispered.

"No problem, just do what I did to you," Jay replied as he pressed down on Justin's shoulders.

Justin sank to his knees and his face became level with Jay's cock. Justin had never seen another hard cock until today. Jay pulled Justin's head toward the erect cock and Justin instinctively took it in his mouth. Justin actually liked the feel of the hard shaft in his mouth and he sucked on it tenderly. Jay's cock was about the same as Justin's in length about 8" but less in girth about 4" around. Jay guided Justin's head back and forth until Justin got the hang of it. Justin then bobbed his head up and down on Jay's cock until Jay stiffened and fired a barrage of cum into Justin's mouth. Justin instinctively swallowed the first jet of cum that hit the back of his throat and then he continued to swallow each additional volley. Justin surprised himself with his reaction to Jay cumming in his mouth. Justin thought that he would have been repulsed by it but he had just the opposite reaction. He actually liked the taste of Jay's cum and he had a strange sense of power over the man.

Justin was hard again and he hoped that Jay would suck him off once more. But Jay surprised Justin when he turned him around to face away from him. Jay then reached under Justin and cupped his balls and stroked his cock. Justin groaned as his scrotum was fondled and then he watched the scene on the video screen, the three men were still fucking and sucking each other. Justin felt Jay's tongue slide over his perineum and up between his ass cheeks. Justin flipped out when Jay licked his ass and rimmed his asshole. Justin didn't know that people did that to each other but the feeling was sensational. 

Jay worked his tongue back and forth over Justin balls to his asshole. Justin thought that he would cum again any second if Jay didn't stop tongue probing Justin's ass. Then Justin felt a cool liquid enter his asshole and it almost seemed to numb his anus. Jay then stood up and coated his cock with the same lubricant unbeknown to Justin. Jay pushed Justin over slightly as he lined his cock up with Justin's asshole. When Justin felt the cock at the entrance to his ass he panicked briefly but he didn't protest. After all this was why he was here. This was what he came to do.

Jay pushed his cock into Justin's ass and Justin almost screamed out in pain. Even though Jay's cock wasn't too thick it was still thicker than the candles. Justin muffled his cries with his arm as he was afraid that any noise would draw too much attention to them in the video booth. Justin was afraid of getting caught naked with another man. Jay worked his cock into Justin's ass and the pain eventually subsided. Justin then felt bloated for awhile and then he just felt full. Jay began to saw his cock in and out of Justin's ass.

Justin's ass was extremely tight and Jay did not last long even though it was his second orgasm. Justin felt Jay stiffen and hold onto Justin's hips. Jay plunged his cock all the way into Justin's ass and then he unleashed a torrent of cum into the virgin asshole. Justin felt Jay's seed flood his ass and he found himself instinctively using his sphincter muscle to milk Jay's cock dry. Justin at that moment decided that he liked the feeling of cum filling his asshole.
