 ARRIVAL AT THE REMOTE ISLAND

A ferry arrived at the remote island carrying two pretty female guests. Vivian was a 36 year old woman who worked for a fashion magazine. The other woman Elin was a 24 year old model who would be the subject of a photo shoot at the secluded island. Vivian was an attractive woman with black hair and dark eyes. Her 35-24-35 figure displayed firm tits, shapely legs and a very curvy ass. One thing that was not obvious with her clothes on was her very pretty pussy. Vivian's pussy was perfectly shaped with neatly trimmed black hair. She also had a small white stripe running through her black pubic hair that made her pussy look even more alluring. Only her husband and her maid knew about her pussy and they both equally loved eating it. Vivian had been very discreet about her affair with her maid and only the two of them knew of their indiscretions. Vivian had become attracted to Elin on their flight and she secretly hoped that maybe she and Elin may get closer on the island.

Elin was not a virgin by any means as she had had her share of men in the modeling world but she was not an experienced woman beyond vaginal sex either. She was a natural blonde with a 33-22-34 figure who stood at 5'6" and weighed about 110 pounds. Elin was of Swedish descent currently living in New York where she pursued her modeling career. She was a stunning girl who looked better naked than she did with clothes on. Although Elin was inexperienced and somewhat naïve about sex she occasionally had a strange tingling in her loins when she was around good looking people. She had never slept with another woman although she had plenty of offers from other women. Many times in the dressing room during a fashion show, Elin checked out the other pretty girls in various stages of undress.

When the ferry arrived Vivian and Elin were taken up to the main house in a shuttle where they were greeted by Arthur and introduced to the resort staff. Arthur welcomed them and explained the brief rules of the island resort.

"The most important thing is that you allow yourself to be pampered and enjoy every moment on this paradise island. My staff will attend to your every need whatever it may be," Arthur told the guests.

"This is a very different week for all of us. Normally we would have up to twenty guests staying with us. However this week was booked by the magazine for the photo shoot. The camera crew arrived yesterday and has been checking out locations. We are a unique all-inclusive resort as most of our guests come here to relax and bake in the sun. We do have limited activities here such as snorkeling and diving right off the beach. If so inclined you can water ski or use the wave runners but I suspect that you will be busy with the photo shoot," Arthur continued.

"We are very informal on our island and this is a clothing optional resort. The only place where clothing is required is in this building. All your meals will be served in this building. Don't be shocked or too surprised when you see one of the staff members enjoying the sun in the nude," Arthur went on casting a mischievous smile.

Arthur explained the roles of each staff member and stressed once again that the staff was there to cater to every need of the guest no matter what those needs were. Vivian spotted the pretty French girl Amelie and she wondered if Amelie would attend to her special needs. Amelie saw Vivian staring at her and she smiled in Vivian's direction. Vivian felt her loins stir when the French girl smiled at her. Elin was taken with the handsome Spaniard and Italian men and she wished that either one of them were responsible for massages but Arthur had explained that Majid was the masseur on the island. 

Arthur concluded the brief introduction and the guests were shown to their rooms. Since the photo shoot would begin in the morning, Vivian and Elin agreed to meet at the beach and relax in the sun and then walk around the island to become familiar with the surroundings. Elin noticed that the room doors did not have locks on them but then there were no safety concerns so she dismissed it. Elin put on her string bikini and headed to the beach. Vivian was already at the beach in a lounge chair with a drink in her hand. Elin took in the older woman's beauty and marveled at her fit body. Elin pulled up a lounge chair and sat next to Vivian. They were both ready to relax after a long day of traveling.

Amelie appeared to take Elin's drink order. She was wearing a grass skirt but without a top. She had flower lei's around her neck that partially covered her breasts but they were exposed when she bent over to place a drink on the table. Amelie also wore flower ringlets on her wrists, ankles and a large one in her hair. She really looked the part of a French Polynesian girl. 

"She's not wearing any panties," Vivian whispered as Amelie walked away.

Elin looked at Amelie as she walked away and noticed the bare skin peeking through the grass skirt. It was actually sexier to see her in that outfit then it would have been if she were totally naked. Vivian was already feeling the desire for Amelie. Amelie returned with Elin's drink and Vivian never took her eyes off the sexy French girl.

"You should really have a massage later. Majid is terrific and you will love the way he makes you feel," Amelie told them.

"Maybe later, thank you!" Elin replied.

Elin and Vivian made small talk as they sipped their drinks and relaxed in the sun. They discussed the photo sessions and Vivian told Elin that they would shoot at dawn and at dusk beginning tomorrow. After her drink Elin decided to walk around and check out the island. Vivian opted to stay at the beach and have another drink.

THE STAFF

Marlene had been Arthur's assistant ever since he opened the resort and she had also been his mistress. Marlene was often called on to have sex with Arthur in his office. Marlene could often be found kneeling and sucking on Arthur's cock as he looked over some paperwork or talked with someone on the phone. Marlene had often been frustrated in the past as Arthur didn't take care of her needs but now she had three cocks to keep her satisfied, Majid, Guido and Franco.

Majid was a tall lean Algerian who stood at about 6'4". He had a tapered cock that was 8" long and it was perfect for anal sex. Majid loved to fuck women in the ass especially the pretty young blonde women that came to the island. He particularly loved introducing the women to anal sex and taking their anal virginity. Majid was often called on by Arthur to join in with Marlene. Arthur liked watching Majid fuck Marlene in the ass while Marlene sucked on Arthur's cock. Majid was also not averse to fucking the right man in the ass either as was the case with his colleague Guido.

Guido was a young Italian man who was very well hung with a 9" thick cock. Guido had been raised by his aunt and uncle and when he was of age they introduced him to a world of sex. Guido's favorite sexual coupling had been with his aunt sucking his cock as his uncle fucked his ass. Guido never felt that his manhood was ever challenged as he just liked the feel of a cock in his ass as he shot his load into a woman's mouth. He also liked the feel of a cock pulsating in his rectum and shooting its seed deep into his bowels. Guido came in buckets with his volcanic like ejaculations and he relished filling a pretty woman's mouth to overflowing. Often when Marlene was not with Arthur she could be found sucking Guido's big cock as Majid fucked Guido in the ass. Amelie, another staff member, could also be found sucking Guido's cock as Majid either fucked her ass or Guido's ass. 

Amelie was a pretty petite French girl with all the bumps in the right places. She had cute firm titties and a shapely tight ass. Her legs were perfect and she drove men crazy with her sultry behavior and sexy figure. Amelie had been an orphan in Paris and adopted when she was 10 years old. She was treated well until she was 18 years old and then her adoptive parents began to have sex with her. Over the next three years Amelie lost her virginity in all three holes to her father. She was thankful that he wasn't large but she still remembered the day that he took her anal virginity. Her mother introduced her into the world of female sex and Amelie actually loved the female companionship. Amelie loved to eat pussy while hers was being eaten and she and her mother often ate each other in a 69 position. Her father always took that opportunity to fuck Amelie in the ass. Over the years Amelie became infatuated with big cocks and she loved to have her pussy stuffed to the hilt with a big thick cock. On the island Guido was always willing to fuck her pussy and at times she was double fucked with Majid in her ass. The third man on the island, Franco, was even bigger and thicker than Guido and Amelie loved to have his cock fill her throbbing pussy.

Franco was a handsome Spaniard who had a brief spin as a porn star before he came to work on the island. He was renowned for his large thick cock that was 9+ inches and over 6 inches around. He was also famous for his cum shots as his cock looked like a fire hose spurting on the bodies of his co-stars. Franco loved stuffing his cock into a tight young pussy and watching the reaction on the woman's face as she was filled beyond her expectation. Franco also loved the blow jobs he received from the female guests and also from Marlene and Amelie on the island. Franco did not miss anal sex as he had stuffed his large cock in plenty of asses when he was a porn star. He was still amazed at the porn actress's ability to handle his cock in their shapely asses. Amelie and Marlene were grateful that neither Franco nor Guido tired to fuck them in their ass.

THE SEDUCTIONS BEGIN

Elin walked around the island for short while and then she came upon the spa area where Majid was. Majid smiled at her and spoke.

"Are you up for a massage today mum?" he asked.

"Oh I don't know, I was just walking around," Elin replied.

"Well I give a great massage and it is guaranteed to relax you after your long trip," Majid said smiling.

"Oh sure, why not, I might as well," Elin agreed.

"Take off your bikini mum and get up on this table," Majid directed.

"Don't you have a towel?" Elin inquired.

"Oh we don't use them her mum. They just get in the way and we are all relaxed here," Majid replied.

Not wanting to appear prudish or offend Majid, Elin took off her bikini and got up on the massage table. She lay face down so that her pussy and breasts were not on display. Majid smiled as she got on her stomach and then he looked at her beautiful ass. He felt his cock stir as he thought about sliding his tapered black cock into her curvy ass. Majid took some massage oil and began rubbing it into Elin's shoulders and back. Elin cooed as it did feel good. This was the first time a black man had ever touched Elin but she was over her discomfort in seconds.

Majid worked magic with his hands as they moved all over Elin's upper body and she became totally relaxed. Majid then moved his hands to her legs beginning with her feet and calves. Elin was relieved that Majid had bypassed her ass and focused on her legs. Majid massaged Elin's calves and then his hands moved higher to her thighs. He took his time with her thighs massaging one at a time and at times he came dangerously close to her pubic area but he never touched her pussy.

Then Majid put an ample amount of oil on his hands and began to massage Elin's buttocks. Elin tensed at first and then relaxed as Majid massaged her ass. Elin was in a dreamy state when she felt Majid hand slid into the crack of her ass. Then a strange thing happened to her as a tingle ran through her body. Elin never realized that her ass was so sensitive. Recognizing her pleasure, Majid allowed his fingertip to brush her nether hole. Elin's body twitched but not in alarm but in excitement. 

Elin's mind was racing and she was confused. She knew he shouldn't touch her there but she also enjoyed it. She knew she should tell him to stop but she remained quiet. Then she felt Majid's finger probe her anus once again and she remained still and quiet as he had his way with her nether hole. Majid sensed her submissive state and took it to the next step. He eased his finger into Elin's ass little by little until his finger was buried in her rectum. Elin remained still and allowed Majid to finger her asshole and she felt tingles run through her body. Majid wormed his finger around in her ass and then he slowly removed it.

Elin was in state of desire when Majid rolled her over on her back as he spoke, "Time to do the front now."

Elin allowed herself to be turned over and she closed her eyes as Majid's hands rubbed oil all over the front of her body. He began with her shoulders and neck and then descended to her breasts. Elin's nipples were hard as rocks when Majid massaged her breasts and rolled the extended nubs in his fingers. Then his hands moved lower to Elin's thighs skipping her hips and pubes. He massaged each leg separately lifting it to his shoulder and rubbing it all the way to her pussy. His hands would occasionally graze her cunt and Elin would flinch in response. Once again she was in a state of desire and she felt the need to orgasm.

"Do you need to cum, mum?" Majid whispered to her.

Elin just closed her eyes and nodded yes. Majid smiled and he was pleased how easy this had been. He gently rubbed Elin's pussy with the massage oil and sought out her erect clit. Majid pushed two fingers into her pussy and rubbed her clit with his thumb. Elin covered her mouth with her arm as an orgasm rocked her pretty body. She kept her eyes shut as her body jerked and spasmed on Majid's fingers. Majid removed his fingers from Elin's pussy and brought them to his nose. He was pleased with her aroma and he knew that she would taste good but he decided that she had enough for the first day. Moments later Elin opened her eyes and noticed that Majid was gone. She looked around and then she realized that she was alone naked on the massage table. Elin quickly scrambled off the table and put her bikini back on. She hurried to her room filled with embarrassment over what happened but more upset with her own behavior. Elin stayed in her room the rest of the day until dinner time.

VIVIAN'S TIME

While Elin was getting her massage from Majid, Vivian continued sunbathing and sipping cocktails at the beach. The alcohol was having its effect on Vivian and every time that Amelie brought her a drink Vivian's desire for the young French girl increased. Vivian decided to get some sun on her back so she rolled over on her stomach and unfastened her bikini top. Amelie noticed this and decided to make her move on the sophisticated looking lady.

Amelie walked over to Vivian and spoke softly to her, "Madame you must be careful in the sun. I will put some lotion on her back if you like."

"Yes please do," Vivian replied her voice cracking noticeably.

Amelie poured lotion on Vivian's back and slowly ribbed it in. Vivian cooed as the French girl's delicate hands moved over Vivian's skin. Vivian almost came on the spot when Amelie began on Vivian's legs. Amelie did the calves first and then the thighs but she also covered Vivian's inner thighs driving the women mad. Vivian then felt Amelie's fingers pulling on the strings of Vivian's bikini bottom. Vivian tensed as the young girl untied the bikini bottom and removed it exposing Vivian's white ass. Her ass was in stark contrast to the rest of Vivian's tanned body. 

"You might as well get tan all over Madame and take advantage of the private island," Amelie whispered as she whisked away the bikini bottom.

The Vivian tightened her buttocks as Amelie covered them with lotion. Vivian eventually relaxed her glutes as Amelie massaged the lotion into them. Amelie moved to Vivian's side by her head and shoulders and Vivian could not contain herself any longer. Vivian let her hand touch Amelie's knee and then she slid it up under the girl's grass skirt. Amelie stood still and smiled at the woman as the hand approached Amelie's naked pussy. Vivian located the damp pussy and she ran her fingers over the labia causing Amelie to gasp aloud.

"Perhaps we should take this to your room, Madame," Amelie whispered. 

Vivian just nodded in her excitement and moved to cover her nudity.

"There is no need Madame, we are alone. Your bikini will only come off again once we are in your room," Amelie said with a calming tone.

Vivian picked up her bikini and they walked to her room. As they entered Vivian's room Vivian pushed Amelie back against the door and pressed her knee into the young woman as she pinned her against the door. Vivian's hands were all over Amelie as she started kissing her passionately on the lips. Vivian's kisses were so wonderful and eager as her hands cupped Amelie's face, Vivian kissed her over and over. Amelie reveled in the thrill of all the emotions and adrenalin coursing through her body. Vivian nibbled on Amelie's lower lip gently and Amelie gushed with exhilaration as their tongues intertwined. Vivian shoved her tongue deep into Amelie's mouth causing her knees to almost buckle under her with the excitement of the moment. As Vivian's wet hot tongue explored Amelie's mouth her hands roamed all over her body. Vivian explored Amelie's tits under the flower leis, up her grass skirt and stroked the exposed skin of her thighs. Amelie murmured into Vivian's mouth as the woman's caresses sent shivers through her body as Vivian seductively stroked her breasts and thighs. Amelie's desire intensified as Vivian stroked her bare damp pussy.

Vivian dropped to her knees and raised Amelie's grass skirt pushing it up to her waist. Vivian then inhaled the sweet smell of Amelie's sex. Next Vivian steered Amelie back against foyer table and helped raise her up until she was sitting on the table. Vivian smiled wickedly at Amelie as she pushed up her skirt and then dropped slowly in front of her. As Vivian spread the French girl's legs, Amelie couldn't conceal a moan and she had to stifle her gasps with the back of her hand. Amelie could feel Vivian's hot breath on her sopping wet pussy. Amelie then started to place delicate kisses upon Amelie's naked thighs and the sensation of her wet lips on Amelie's skin sent waves of excitement through her. Vivian ran a fingertip down Amelie's slit causing her to groan with pleasure as Vivian's fingers honed in on Amelie's engorged clit.

As Vivian inhaled the sweet odor of Amelie's pussy her tongue darted out for an exploratory lick and then she lapped excitedly at Amelie's quim. Vivian began to lick her from her little puckered asshole to her clit. She then pulled Amelie's pussy lips open and exposed her pink pussy as her tongue darted in and out of Amelie's now dripping cunt. Amelie felt as if she were being fucked with a little cock as Vivian stiffened her tongue. Using her thumb Vivian rubbed Amelie's clit and she also dipped her fingers into Amelie soaking wet pussy. Vivian then took one very wet finger and slid it into Amelie's tight asshole. Oh how good it felt to Amelie to have something in her ass again. Vivian sucked Amelie's clit into her hot mouth and slid her fingers into her pussy and one into her ass. Amelie groaned with the pleasure of the raw sex and her love of anal sex betrayed her. Soon the intensity in Amelie's ass, pussy and clit built up to the boiling point and she came noisily with her juices spilling from her and into Vivian's waiting mouth.

Vivian hurriedly took Amelie by the hand and led her to the bed. Amelie knew it was her turn to pleasure Vivian. Vivian stood by the bed as Amelie moved behind her and placed gentle kisses all over her body. She started at Vivian's shoulders and worked her way slowly down to her buttocks. Amelie was enthralled with Vivian's body with her firmness and smooth skin. Amelie began to lick and kiss Vivian's hips planting kisses all over her sensitive body. Amelie couldn't resist sinking her teeth into Vivian's firm ass cheeks causing her to shiver and gasp in surprise. Amelie turned Vivian toward her and then kissed the inside of her thighs and worked her way steadily toward her pussy. Amelie kissed the area around Vivian's pussy and inhaled the sweet aroma produced by her arousal. Amelie was intrigued with the white stripe through the neatly trimmed black pubic hair accenting Vivian's vulva. 
