 Carmella was a pretty blonde at the age of 29 and she kept herself in fabulous shape. She worked out everyday. She was 5'7" and weighed about 120 to 125 pounds. She normally kept her hair short but she had let it grow longer for her trip to Italy. Carmella had a cute figure with small firm breasts, shapely legs and a very delectable ass. She almost hated her ass because it always drew a wandering hand from men in a crowded area. She often heard her male colleagues comment about her killer ass. Carmella was no virgin as she had lost that in college but she was very selective about whom she slept with. She did not date anyone serious and she did not engage in any kinky sex although she had had one lesbian affair. She had lost her anal virginity and in the process had learned how sensitive her ass was. However, she was very picky about who she let in her ass.

Carmella now arrived at the Naples airport and was met by two very handsome young Italian men. The airline had lost her luggage so she filled out a form and old them where she was staying and her cousin's name. The two men then escorted her to the car that would take her to her cousin's palazzo. She had looked up her ancestry and located a cousin named Elisabetta who lived in Sorrento in the Amalfi region of southern Italy. Elisabetta invited Carmela to spend the summer at her palazzo in Sorrento and Carmela jumped at the invitation. 

Carmella enjoyed the ride through the beautiful countryside and found the whole setting to be very romantic. The winding twisting roads along the Amalfi coast were something to behold. Then she saw the palazzo as the car entered the main gate and she couldn't believe the size of the estate. The car pulled up into the circle passing the entrance to the palazzo and stopped. Carmella got out of the car and she was greeted by two other very pretty young women, her cousin Elisabetta and Gabriella.

They kissed her on both cheeks and welcomed her to Italy. Then they took her inside and showed her to her room. Carmella was overwhelmed with the accommodations and the opulence of the palazzo. Apparently Elisabetta's family had been very wealthy and left the estate to her.

CARMELLA MEETS THE STAFF

Once in her room she shed her clothes and went into the bathroom to shower. As the warm water cascaded over her body, she ran her hands over her breasts and buttocks. Carmella loved her body and she was thankful for it. Carman just rinsed off in the shower, got out quickly and dried off. She walked back into the bedroom and she was surprised to see Elisabetta in the room. Elisabetta had brought some clothes in for Carmella and then she remembered that she didn't have anything suitable to wear. She had only had the clothes she wore on the flight as the airline had lost her luggage. Elisabetta looked up and smiled as Carmella walked into the bedroom.

"I have brought you some clothes to wear today. One day we will go shopping but these will do for now," Elisabetta told her.

Carmella dropped the towel on the bed and walked naked over toward Elisabetta. They kissed as the Italians do on both cheeks and then Carmella looked at the clothes. She noticed that there were white Capri pants, a light pink halter tube top, panties and sandals. Carmella pulled on the panties and she loved the feel of the silk texture. Next she put on the Capri pants and she struggled with them since they were so tight. She checked herself in the mirror and she realized how sexy she looked with just the tight pants on. The pants were so snug that every curve of her marvelous ass and shapely legs was outlined and being naked from the waist up added to her sexy look. Carmella picked up the tube top and pulled it over her head. She adjusted the top so that it fit comfortably around her tits. Her nipples were already hard and they poked through the material. Carmella then put on the sandals and she was ready.

Elisabetta gave her a soft whistle and said, "The boys will be stiff in their pants when they see you today."

Carmella followed Elisabetta out of the bedroom. Carmella then realized that Elisabetta was dressed the same way except that her Capri pants were light blue and the halter top was a darker blue. Carmella was looking forward to meeting the staff and the boys that Elisabetta and Gabriella had mentioned in conversation. Gabriella too wore Capri pants and a tube top but hers were a matching light green. Carmella thought that this must be the uniform of the day for the women around the palazzo.

The three beauties enjoyed a light continental snack of espresso, juice, fruit, cheese and pastries. They took their time eating and had several cups of espresso. One young boy served them and Carmella learned that his name was Paolo. He was a handsome young boy of 18 years and Carmella learned from Elisabetta that Paolo liked other boys. Carmella was told that she would meet Enzio later and that he and Paolo were lovers. After their snack Elisabetta and Gabriella gave Carmella a tour of the palazzo. During the tour Carmella was introduced to other house staff. She met Maria who worked in the kitchen, Giovanni the chef and another man named Enzio. Then she was introduced to a couple of attractive young girls who handled the housekeeping duties, Pia and Sophia.

Carmella was blown away with the palazzo not only by the size of the home but the marble, décor and artwork was incredible. She was also showed a room where she would receive Italian lessons. Carmella thought that was only appropriate since she was going be living in Italy for the summer. Carmella had taken Spanish in college and she was almost fluent so she actually looked forward to studying Italian and it would be nice to know the language. 

Carmella was next given a tour of the grounds where she would meet the young men who Elisabetta bragged about. She noticed the beautiful grounds and the stables and pasture where several horses grazed. Elisabetta and Gabriella took Carmella to the stables where she would meet Nicholas. The three greeted each other in Italian and kissed on both cheeks. Carmella noticed however how Nicholas ran his hand over Elisabetta's and Gabriella's asses when he kissed them. Elisabetta then introduced Carmella.

"Nicholas this is Carmella. She just arrived from America and she will be staying with us," Elisabetta told him.

"Welcome signorina, I hope you have a pleasant stay," Nicholas said and then he moved toward her.

Nicholas kissed her on both cheeks as he had with Elisabetta and Gabriella. He also ran his hand over Carmella's curvy ass. Nicholas's hand stayed on Carmella's ass for a longer time and he gave it a firm squeeze before he realized it. Carmella turned beet red as Elisabetta and Gabriella were amused by her reaction.

"Do you ride signorina?" Nicholas asked.

"No I don't," Carmella stammered still a little unnerved.

"Well you must learn while you are here. I will teach you," Nicholas said with authority.

"Okay, I'll look forward to that," she managed and then turned to Elisabetta.

"Ciao, Nicholas we have other places to show Carmella," Elisabetta said.

"Ciao," Nicholas replied and then he watched the three shapely beauties walk away.

He thought to himself that he would definitely teach Carmella to ride. He would teach her to ride his big cock and then he would shove his sausage into her hot ass. What an ass that girl had on her. She would be in for a treat when she had his big dick in her.

"Elisabetta he did more than pinch my ass he actually held onto it," Carmella whispered as they walked away.

Elisabetta coupled her arm in Carmella's arm as they walked and she replied, "I told you that they would love your ass."

Gabriella coupled her arm with Carmella's other arm and giggled, "That Nicholas he has a cock as big as the horses he cares for."

As they were walking arm and arm they spotted two men carrying shotguns.

"That is Tomaso and Roberto," Gabriella pointed out.

"Are they hunting?" Carmella asked.

"No they patrol the property keeping poachers and other unwanted people away," Elisabetta answered. 

The two women and two handsome men greeted each other in Italian and exchanged kisses on the cheeks. Once again Carmella watched as Elisabetta's and Gabriella's bottoms were groped by the men. Elisabetta then introduced Carmella to Tomaso and Roberto. They both kissed Carmella on the cheeks and gave her ass a little squeeze in the process. Carmella now understood why Elisabetta had warned her about getting her ass pinched. But Elisabetta had to be part to blame since she gave Carmella the tight Capri pants to wear.

The three women went on their way and Carmella whispered, "I am going to have black and blue marks on my bottom by the time I meet everyone."

"I warned you," Elisabetta laughed.

Tomaso and Roberto turned to watch the three pretty shapely women walk away. Tomaso grabbed his crotch and remarked, "What an ass that Carmella has!"

"Yes I look forward to putting my cock in that beauty," added Roberto.

"Well we better get to it before Nicholas does with that horse cock of his," laughed Tomaso.

Roberto laughed too and then they went on with their rounds. Elisabetta and Gabriella took Carmella to meet the gardener next. They arrived at the greenhouse and Fernando the gardener was inside working. They called to him and he came out to greet the women. He was all bubbly and happy to see the women and to meet Carmella. Once again there were kisses and butt fondling. When they left the greenhouse Fernando grabbed Carmella's ass with his big hand and smiled at her when she spun around.

"I knew you would be disappointed if I didn't grab your sexy bottom," he said with a lecherous grin.

Carmella was bet red but she just turned around and walked away. Elisabetta and Gabriella each hook their arms in Carmella's and they walked back to the house. Carmella had to admit that she was turned on by the male attention and she could only imagine what went on between Elisabetta, Gabriella and the men. Carmella would soon learn for herself. 

"This weekend we will have a party to celebrate your arrival at the palazzo," Elisabetta told her and then suggested, "You must be very tired from your journey. We will draw a bath for you and then you can rest."

Carmella agreed that a bath would be good and she was definitely tired. They returned to Carmella's room and she was surprised when Elisabetta and Gabriella didn't leave when she undressed. Elisabetta knelt by the tub and tested the water with her hand as Gabriella lay out large fully towels near the tub. Carmella was comfortable with her nudity and she was still very proud of her figure. She walked naked over to the tub and stepped in it. The hot water felt good and she let herself sink down into it. Carmella was surprised again this time when Elisabetta and Gabriella took sponges in their hands and began to wash her body.

Carmella never had anyone else wash her before and the feeling was erotic. Carmella closed her eyes when the sponges glided over her body as the two Italian girls washed her breasts, abs, legs and pubes. Carmella gasped when one sponge caressed her labia and she instinctively opened her legs. Elisabetta stood up and stripped as Gabriella continued to wash Carmella. Gabriella looked at the naked Elisabetta and smiled at her. Then Elisabetta began to wash Carmella again as Gabriella stood up and took off her clothes. She too was naked now.

Carmella opened her eyes as the two women entered the large tub with her. She took in the beauty of both dark haired Italian women as they joined her. They continued to wash Carmella and then Elisabetta handed Carmella a sponge so that she could wash them. Carmella ran the sponge over the large firm tits of both women and then the three of them began to kiss and touch each other. They kissed each other, caressed each other's breasts and fingered each other's pussies until all three of them orgasmed. They looked beautiful together in the tub as they all relaxed in the warm water. 

"That is enough for now," Elisabetta whispered, "Carmella you will rest now and we will make love later." 

The three of them got out of the tub and dried each other with the large fluffy towels. Then Carmella went into the bedroom and crawled in bed. Within minutes she was sound asleep after Elisabetta and Gabriella had left the room. Carmella slept soundly for hours before she woke and found herself between the two beautiful Italian girls again. The three of them were naked in Carmella's bed. 

A LOVING THREESOME

Carmella was overcome with Elisabetta's beautiful firm body seeing her naked again. Elisabetta then moved between Carmella's legs and stroked and lightly probed her vulva. Carmella was struggling to contain her desire, and when she felt Elisabetta tease her secret entrance she couldn't stand it any longer. Carmella pulled Elisabetta to her and tried to get Elisabetta to lick her sopping wet pussy. But Elisabetta was not concerned about Carmella's urgency and continued at her own pace. 

Carmella pushed herself onto Elisabetta's face and she knew that this was what she wanted. Carmella needed this beautiful Italian girl to lick at her sex, to explore her with a tongue, her hidden crevices and taste her juices. Elisabetta movements were controlled at first, knowing only that she wanted to taste Carmella's womanhood. Elisabetta knew Carmella was encouraged by her murmurs of pleasure. Gabriella moved to Carmella's side and stroked her breasts as she watched Elisabetta between the girl's legs. 

Elisabetta had an overwhelming desire to touch and feel Carmella and she brought her hands up to caress Carmella's buttocks. She kneaded gently at Carmella's smooth flesh, spreading her cheeks until Carmella knew Elisabetta could see the deep shadowed cleft between them, and her puckered amber ring that nestled there. Elisabetta startled Carmella when she reached for it with her tongue, licking, and running the tip of her tongue around it, feeling Carmella's tight muscle react to her probing tongue. 

Carmella whispered encouragement to her, "Oh yes, oh Elisabetta please don't stop."

Carmella felt her tight ring dilate from the pressure of Elisabetta's tongue. This felt so good. Elisabetta then pushed a finger into Carmella's pussy and she felt it delve deeply into her warmth causing her vaginal muscles to contract involuntarily. 

"Put your finger in me," Carmella begged and Elisabetta knew exactly what to do. 

She moistened her finger with Carmella's cunt juices and she pushed it into her tight rosebud, slowly easing her way in. Elisabetta's tongue continued to lick and tease Carmella's sex now slipping over her moistened lips and stopping at her tight pleasure nub. Carmella pushed herself against Elisabetta, grinding her hips so as to force Elisabetta's finger further and deeper into her anal channel. Carmella could no longer concentrate on anything apart from the feel of Elisabetta's hands caressing her ass as the finger penetrated her private entrance while Elisabetta's mouth nibbled frantically on her clit. Carmella knew she was about to cum and she knew that it would be as good as ever. That special feeling rose over Carmella and she buried her face in Gabriella's body, their breasts pressed together as she tried to hide her cries of ecstasy. Carmella felt her juices flow, her pussy swell and she squirted into Elisabetta's mouth. At first Elisabetta was startled when the first squirt shot into her mouth but then she licked and swallowed, drinking the streams of cum with her own sounds of pleasure. 

For a moment they stayed glued to one another, too weak to move. Then very slowly, Elisabetta eased her finger from Carmella's rectum and laid her head on Carmella's thighs with her arms entwined around Carmella's legs. This was only the start of their explorations and now Carmella would take her.

"You are very accomplished Elisabetta," Carmella gasped.

"Yes, I had a very good teacher," Elisabetta replied and winked at Gabriella.

"You must have," Carmella sighed.

"Carmella your pussy gets so swollen when you are excited and when you cum it squirts out like you are peeing," Elisabetta commented.

"Yes that happens sometimes when I am very excited but not very often. I must have been really turned on. Now let's see if I can get you to cum for me," Carmella answered.

Elisabetta and Carmella switched places so that Carmella was between her legs. Carmella gently pushed Elisabetta's legs wider apart and she watched as the outer lips of Elisabetta's sex spread and the pink inner surfaces were revealed to her. They were already glistening with juices and Carmella knew at that instant how Gabriella must have felt when she and Elisabetta made love. Carmella couldn't wait to taste her juices for myself. The opening of Elisabetta's vagina was a dark and mysterious shadow and felt like velvet. 

Carmella slowly reached forward and spread Elisabetta's labia wider allowing her fingers to play up and down the moist slit. Carmella felt Elisabetta quiver, little goose bumps from her shivers of sensation ran down her thighs. Stretching her wider Carmella could see a firm nub of erect pink flesh standing proudly like a tiny cock at the top of Elisabetta's sex. Carmella knew that this was her seat of pleasure and the cause of all of her urges. Carmella let her fingers tickle Elisabetta's clit lightly, teasingly causing the teacher to gasp as her thighs jerked in sudden tremor. Carmella lowered head and took the nub of tissue in her mouth, rolling it lightly between her lips and scraping it gently with her teeth. Carmella could smell her arousal. Her deep musk made Carmella light-headed and she wondered if this is what all Italian pussy smelled like. Carmella tongued and licked gently up and down the length of Elisabetta's slit and she had to hold her thighs apart as Elisabetta began to buck beneath her. Carmella knew that Elisabetta was reaching her crisis as she moaned, almost growling with meaningless sounds of ecstasy arising from her. Carmella slowed her assault as she wanted to extend the pleasure as long as she could. Carmella fingered Elisabetta's sex again, ran her fingertips up and down Elisabetta's sex and scratched lightly at her labia. 

With a fingertip Carmella probed the entrance to Elisabetta's vagina and she knew that she wasn't the first to tread this path. Elisabetta's cry of pleasure at being penetrated encouraged Carmella to thrust her finger in her deeper and faster. Carmella could feel the muscular walls of Elisabetta's tight pussy grip at her as she caressed the folds and crevices inside Elisabetta's pussy. Carmella slid her middle finger in alongside the first finger and allowed her thumb to rest lightly on Elisabetta's clit. Gabriella lay along side Elisabetta and stroked her firm pert breasts and tweaked her rock hard nipples as Carmella worked her pussy.

Elisabetta's pussy seemed to suck at Carmella's fingers drawing them in deeper and faster until her fingertips seemed to make contact with Elisabetta's womb. Both of them were panting so Carmella began to rub Elisabetta's clit frantically. Carmella knew that Elisabetta was about to cum. She watched Elisabetta arch her back and Carmella felt Elisabetta's muscles contract down around her fingers. Carmella pulled her fingers from Elisabetta's cunt and covered it with her mouth once again sucking hard on her clit. Gabriella covered Elisabetta's mouth with her own and smothered her cries of ecstasy as she writhed on the bed with her head moving from side to side as the waves of sensation rolled over her. Elisabetta came in buckets drenching Carmella's face with her juices.

Gabriella left the bed allowing Elisabetta a few moments to recover and allowing Carmella to suck up all her delightful juices. Carmella felt her own loins stir again in the passion of the moment. Gabriella returned to Carmella's side wearing her strap-on cock and with a sexy sultry smile spoke to her.
