 "Okay, I'm here. What is all the fuss about? What's the emergency?" I hollered as I was walking in the front door. It was awfully quiet. 

I was in a meeting when I got a phone call from my boyfriend asking me to come home quickly because he needed me there. I quickly went from room to room and couldn't find him. I rushed into the bedroom and there were candles lit all over the place. The candles were also lit in the bathroom. The bathtub was full of hot steamy water and lots and lots of bubbles. I love bubbles. I was delighted with what I found. I had my clothes off in a hurry and climbed in. The water was just the right temperature. I laid back and relaxed. 

As I was lying there relaxing I heard someone enter the bedroom. Thinking that it was my boyfriend, I rose up and was shocked to see 4 guys walking towards the bathroom. I squealed and wanted to hide. 

I have not liked my body for quite awhile. After having a large baby my stomach was so stretched out that no amount of sit-ups would help. Also, even though my tits are large and firm, my nipples were never perky. They always point to the ground. I have always been so self-conscious about these two things. Unless I was in a relationship, I didn't go around exposing my body for just anybody to see. And my boyfriend knew that. So I didn't understand why he was bringing these guys into my bedroom and bath.

My boyfriend, Joe, came into the bathroom with a big grin on his face. He was so pleasant to look at. Even though I wasn't sure what was going on, I responded to the wide grin. He asked me if everything was all right and I nodded, still looking over his shoulder to see whom else might come in. I could hear them still in the bedroom. 

Joe got down on his knees and picked up the soap and started to run the bar of soap on my body. He started to tell me that I needed to just lie back and relax. He rolled up a towel and put it behind my head so that it would be like lying down in the water. I have a very large tub, almost like a hot tub, so that it was long enough for me to lay back and stretch out. 

I closed my eyes and tried to forget the world and all the problems. With the hot water and the semi-floating of my body, I felt I was drifting and peaceful. I could feel a lot of the tension leave my body. Plus the fact that Joe was gliding his hand with the soap in it all over was also helping to relax me but also it was beginning to stimulate me. 

I thought I heard Joe taking off his clothes. I felt him get in and moved my legs to allow more room for him. Then I felt someone else get into the water. I quickly moved and opened my eyes and was looking into the prettiest green eyes that I have ever seen in a guy. His name was Chris and I had met him briefly a few weeks ago. He was sitting at the end of the tub by my feet and Joe had come around to the other end by my head. I looked over to the side and there were two more of Joes friends. I gave a big grin to Matt who was Joe's best friend. And looked in puzzlement at the other guy. I must have shown my confusion because Joe immediately realized his mistake and introduced me to another friend of his, Gary. Gary was a little older with white hair and nice eyes. He was a small guy but looked like he took care of himself. He looked a lot smaller than he probably was because Matt is a big guy. Matt is 6'2" and about 220 lbs. Chris and Joe are both about 6' and 190 to 200 lbs...so Gary at 5'7 and 140 looked small. I said "HI" to all of them and just sat there and wondered what was going to happen next. 

Joe handed them all washcloths and little soaps. Then the fun started. They each took their washcloths and lathered them up then each took a limb and started to gently wash me. It was wonderful. More relaxing than anything I had ever experienced. Since the bubbles were hiding my body, I was able to relax even more. This kept up for a few minutes. I thought I might even be able to fall asleep. Yeah right! With 4 naked gorgeous hunks washing me, who could sleep? 

I didn't figure that they would stay washing my legs and arms too long. Pretty soon my belly, butt and tits were also being washed. When Chris started washing my pussy, I looked over at Joe with a big question in my eyes. He looked down at me with a mischievous grin and said, "I told them that they could do anything that they wanted if you said it was alright. This is for you to do what you want and enjoy, no questions asked and no holds barred." "I promise that whatever happens today will never be brought back up again."

I wasn't sure if I should believe him, but he looked so sincere that I decided to take him at his word. We had talked a few weeks before that about me having a gangbang. But I didn't want it to be the type you see in the porn movies. I wanted it to be more romantic and that I could call the shots. I didn't want it to be like the woman was only a vessel for the men to get off on and in. It seems like Joe was trying to accommodate me in this way. Also I have a very big water fetish. Love any kind of sex in the water. So In that also he was trying to please. I couldn't fault him for trying. 

I felt Joe and Gary raise my body up a little out of the water. Then I felt my mound and pussy being washed. Chris was really washing me thoroughly. I felt all the eyes on me while he was doing this. The next thing I knew was that Chris had a razor in his hand and he was starting to shave me. Oh wow this was great! Being shaved has always been a fantasy of mine. What a total turn on. Chris shaved me like he really knew what he was doing. Pretty soon I was as clean and soft as a baby, asshole and crack too.

While all of this was going on, the other guys were constantly rubbing and stroking. I looked over the edge of the tub and noticed that both guys on the outside had large erections. I guess they were enjoying this too. I reached over and gently ran my fingers over Matt's very erect cock. I heard him suck in his breath, and then he leaned over and kissed me. Not a peck, but a deep tongue-probing kiss that lasted a few moments. It was so intense I found myself rising up from the water to put my arm around his neck and kiss even deeper. That was how things got going from there. 

Everybody got more aroused. Gary climbed into the tub and slid under my upper legs and butt. He lifted up my lower body just high enough for both Chris and him to explore my secret of places. Chris placed my leg on the side of the tub so that I could be more balanced. So now Chris is between my legs and Gary is in the water next to my right hip. I feel water being dribbled over my clit. That felt nice. The next things I feel are 2 hands grabbing my butt cheeks and then a mouth is clamped over my clit. I feel like I am about to be sucked dry. Then he changes tactics and very gently starts to swirl his tongue over my very sensitive clit. Two fingers are inserted into my very hot box and my G-spot is being rubbed and rubbed. This doesn't go on for very long before my whole body clenches up and gobs of my juices are squirted all over Chris face and Gary's hand. 

Matt is getting more turned on by the minute, but he looks over at Joe and asks, "If she just came does that mean she is done for the night? 

Joe kind of chuckles and says, "Hell no, She can go all night. She is multiple. That is just a little one. Wait till she has the mother of all orgasms." 

I look around and with a big grin I say to the guys. "That is a tall order, you boys have your work cut out for you. Better get busy"

Chris starts pulling on my arms to have me sit up. I wind up sitting on his and Gary's lap. I can feel their hard on, and with the movement of the water, it feels like they are slapping me. Chris raises me up to adjust something and when he has me sit down I feel him slide into me. Oh how good and how unexpected. I start to grind my groin into his because in this position it is hard for him to move. I keep grinding until I hear him start to moan and I knew that I was doing good. After a few minutes of this I realize that it wasn't hitting anything vital for me so I rose up and got on my knees and settled down again on his great cock. I wanted to enjoy it all. In this position he felt bigger and I could move up and down and he could thrust himself in my cunt. I started feeling hands over me again. Matt came around to the end of the tub and took a nipple into his mouth and started to suck and nibble. I don't know which of the other guys were playing with my butt but it all was so exciting. I took the other tit and positioned it in front of Chris's mouth and told him to kiss it. He did. Then I ordered him to suck it and to abuse it. He moaned loudly and clamped his mouth over it and sucked and bit till I thought he would draw blood. 

Suddenly I felt a hand with soap in it going up and down my butt crack. The soap has lotion in it so it makes things very silky. The hand kept with the up and down motion till I couldn't stand it anymore and I reached behind me and took the hand and positioned it right at my puckered little hole. That was all the invitation that Gary needed before he inserted a finger into that waiting hole. I felt him insert one very gingerly then when that finger went in without problem he inserted a second then a third. That was a little uncomfortable, but it was such a turn on. I started to thrust back to his hand and with Chris's cock inside of me. I soon got off again. 

I finally felt Joe come up behind me and grab my tit from the back. He proceeded to bite the back of my neck and shoulders. He knew that drove me crazy and that I would go along with whatever anybody wanted to do. I felt Gary's fingers move out of my hole, and then Joe put his hands on my shoulders and slowly was pulling my body to a sitting position. I realized what he was doing when I felt Gary's huge cock at the center of my butt crack. They slowly lowered me onto his thick shaft and before I knew it both of those gorgeous cocks were in my pussy. I didn't believe that my love slit could hold both of them. I don't believe that was Gary's intention but it was so hot and tight and unbelievably awesome to feel both of their cocks in me at the same time. I felt myself give way to a torrent of desire and I started to cum and cum and finally I bucked myself off of the both of them

Matt reached over and took my hand and lifted me up and out of the tub. He picked me up and carried me over to the bed where he had placed a few of our large towels. He gently laid me on to the towels and wiped me dry. He then spread my legs and proceeded to lick my pussy slit dry. I was extremely swollen and every lick seemed like he had me attached to some sort of electrical voltage. I was enjoying this greatly. I found myself responding greater than I usually did to oral sex. I reached down and found out that Matt also was pretty well endowed and I stroked him a few minutes before I took hold of his rod and placed it between my pussy lips and begged him to push it in. 

"Oh Matt, ram it in. Fuck me, please" I cried out in desire.

He was only too willing to oblige. I looked over at Joe and I motioned him to come over to me. He did and when he did I took his hand and put it on my butt. He needed no other invitation. He started to insert a finger into my hole but he decided to get one of the dildos and he put a little lube on it and then turned it on and inserted it into my waiting anal tunnel. 

"Aaawwwwwww Oh God that feels so good." With Matt pounding away, and the vibrating dildo in my ass, I felt like I was going to faint with the shear pleasure of it all. 

All of the sudden Matt tensed up and shot his load inside of me. It was great. 

I looked over at Chris and waved him over. I pulled him down and gave him a kiss and asked him if we could do again what we did in the bathtub. He gave me a great grin and went over and talked with Gary. It was a strange position so I guess they needed to get things worked out. Joe walked over to them and the three of them figured it all out. Joe went over and got the lube and sat down on the edge of the bed. 

Chris came over to me and had me sit on his lap. He then started rubbing my clit and kissing me on the neck till he had me panting for more. He then leaned me over till he had me on my side and then he entered me from behind. After having both of them in me I was surprised that I felt like his cock was stretching me further. He started pumping me and I felt myself clench and I came all over his wondrous cock. I felt the bed move and my leg was lifted and I felt another cock slide in my tight little pussy. Oh God it was tight. I couldn't believe how tight it was. The guys were moaning also. They couldn't believe how good it felt. The both reached down and were playing with me. Gary found my clit, so with 2 dicks in my pussy and my clit played with I was ready to come at anytime. 

All of a sudden, I felt a well-lubricated finger enter my asshole. I didn't believe it possible to insert anything more into me. I turned around and saw that Joe was playing back there. He got a little more lube and inserted another finger. Now I have 2 cocks in my pussy, one was playing with my clit and another guy with 2 fingers in my asshole. While my body was adjusting to this, I felt Joe remove his fingers and put more lube on my hole. It was cold and it puckered a little, then I felt the head of his huge erection trying to enter my little hole. It seemed like everybody held his or her breath while he tried and tried to get it in. I relaxed my whole body and felt him slip in a little more. 

I finally had to take charge. "Shove it in Joe. Don't mess around. Fuck my pretty asshole." I begged. 

He took orders well and shoved that huge cock all the way to the hilt. I screamed and then the frenzy took place. All three of them were thrusting and ramming my holes as hard as they could. I was enjoying it so much that I met each thrust with one of my own. I saw Matt standing next to me and put his cock in my mouth and started sucking on it. Now I had 4 fantastic cocks in my three holes and I was loving every minute of it.

Matt reached down and grabbed my tits. He was a little rough but it was awesome.

He started pinching and squeezing my nipples and I felt him inside my mouth getting

harder and harder. All of a sudden I watched as Matt reached over and started stroking Joe's balls. It was more like scratching then stroking. That was my undoing. Watching another guys play with my guys balls was such a turn on, and the fact that Joe was moaning and ramming his even larger cock into my ass was intensifying my reactions.

. Passion and lust were now hitting my body like being hit by a train. I had never before felt anything this powerful in my life. We were rutting and thrusting and grunting like animals. I knew that the guys were getting ready to cum because they were all getting larger and larger. I was getting stretched to the point that I couldn't stretch anymore. I was so full. I can't describe how full all my holes were. It was so incredible. So decadent, so thrilling to be there with them and they were all inside of me. We

clenched and I screamed and moaned and between the clenching and the moaning we all came together. I felt Matt's cum pouring down my throat. It was like liquid fire. I could also feel the others cumin inside of me in great bursts. I clenched and screamed and bucked and rode all of them like till I started to cum and cum till I couldn't cum anymore. 

The guys gently picked me up and cleaned me off and slid me under the clean cool sheets. I smiled at all of them and closed my eyes and drifted off. 

I wonder what wonderfully sexy things Joe may be planning for the next time...