 Everyone here is over 18, so chill!

More from the early dating days with my then fiance. Names obviously changed. I want to thank carvohi for editing, but any/all mistakes in this story are purely mine.

*****

I knew from fairly early on that Julie's family was somewhat unconventional, although more came to be revealed with time. Julie was the middle of three girls, you've already been introduced to May in "Poolside Fun," now it's time to introduce the rest of the family.

Julie's mother and father, Irene and Rick, were in their late fifties when I came into the family picture. Rick was a WWII Veteran, he had seen combat and had earned a Purple Heart along with a few other medals. He and Irene met before the war while they were both in high school; when WWII started he joined and they became married just before he shipped overseas to the European Theater. Not an uncommon chain of events for the period. I think that gave Julie's parents the sort of outlook that can best be summarized as "Live, Love and Laugh, because Tomorrow is not a Guarantee!"

Julie and her sisters were all born several years after the end of the war. Irene was mostly dedicated to keeping the home, although she was active in various volunteer organizations outside the home. Rick had a good job and was looking forward to retirement. He was active in the local VFW along with other veterans groups. Like many combat vets, he was reticent about talking about his combat experience; although he proudly displayed the obligatory photos of himself riding a jeep or a tank into some village that he and the guys he served with had just liberated.

Julie's older sister Nancy was engaged when I met Julie, after a few years she and her fiancé Rob transitioned from living together to marriage. Their parents seemed okay with the arrangement; I guess they figured that so long as there was a decent level of commitment their daughters could deal with their own sex lives responsibly. Nancy was already an RN when I started dating Julie, who was in nursing school at the time. So it wasn't unreasonable to expect that both girls were familiar with male anatomy due to their caregiving and schooling. Plus, I found out later that the girls occasionally saw their father naked around the house. It was never discussed, it simply became apparent over the years. If I came over early or late, he'd be in tee-shirt and boxer-briefs, Irene would be wearing a housecoat over her nightclothes.

*****

Soon after I started dating Julie I'd come over to the house where she still lived with her younger sister May and their parents. Generally, one or both of Julie's parents were home, so they obviously knew I was there and what we were up to. When I first started coming over, Julie would meet me fully dressed; either in shorts and a tee-shirt, or whatever clothes she was going to be wearing outside the house. After a little while, she started greeting me at the door wearing a housecoat over her nightgown. Then it became common to see her in just her nightgown. Winter it was a long flannel nightgown with a V-neck, and if she bent over I could peer in and see most or all of her breasts. During the warmer months she commonly wore a Baby-Doll with matching panty over her regular panty. The Baby-Doll was translucent, and I was often privy to her barely concealed conical breasts, nipples and areola easily seen. Everyone else seemed comfortable with this, although I was often hard-pressed to hide my arousal at the visual bounty.

While we had become somewhat intimate, it hadn't proceeded to intercourse just yet, mostly mutual masturbation although I sometimes went down on her, circumstances permitting. Generally she'd take my penis out and masturbate me to orgasm, catching my cum in the palm of her hand before wiping everything with a Kleenex. I'd pull up her top, move her bra aside and start playing with her boobs, then progress to rubbing her pussy after I slid a hand under her pants and panties, allowing me to slide my finger into a very warm and wet vagina. Obviously, this took place someplace where her parents weren't; we thought we were being discreet!

I was going to college full-time and working a full-time job, making together time something of a challenge. It wasn't at all uncommon for me to go directly from work to their house just to spend a few hours with Julie before going home to start the grind over again. I worked as a clerk in a store, when it got warm I'd get all hot, sweaty and smelly. To maximize our time together, I kept a few changes of clothes in a gym-bag at Julie's house. When I'd get there after work they'd have some left-overs ready for me to eat, but before I'd start eating I'd jump in the shower, clean up and put on fresh clothes. I'd put my dirty clothes in a hamper, and whenever Julie or her mom did a load of laundry they'd wash my stuff along with the family's, then put my clean clothes in the bag for next time.

Besides their being comfortable with my seeing their daughter in revealing clothes, Julie's parents sometimes engaged in off-color language. Suggestive double entendres were a favorite of Julie's father along with a general fondness for puns and word-play. It was never rude, but it was generally more adult than I was accustomed to from people my parent's age.

*****

That was as far as things went for a year or two. Then, one night after I came over after work, things got stranger...

I'd come in as usual, greeted Julie with a hug and a kiss and said "Hi!" to her parents. I said that I needed to shower before sitting down to eat. Everyone had been busy for a few days before this, and laundry had fallen behind. Irene told me that I had stuff in the dryer, but it wouldn't be ready for a little while.

I just said "Okay, well I'll shower and put on my old clothes, when clean clothes become available I'll just change." I went into the bathroom, closed the door, undressed and started my shower. As I was showering, my clothes finished in the dryer. Julie took them out and folded them, figuring that I'd get dressed in my dirty clothes, come out and eventually change into clean clothes whenever I was ready.

Irene told her "Nonsense, just go in there, swap his clothes and let him know that his clean clothes are ready."

Julie must have balked at this, she wasn't really ready to tacitly admit to her parents that she was comfortable being in the same room with me while I was naked, even if I was partially concealed by a translucent shower curtain.

I guess her mom just laughed, and told her "Well, if you won't, I will!" Then, her wild side came to the fore, and on the way into the bathroom she stopped by the dresser just inside their room and grabbed the Kodak Instamatic that they used for family photos. I think this action took Julie by surprise, by the time she processed the events her mom was already knocking at the bathroom door.

I heard the knock and just yelled "I'm almost done, I'll be out in a minute." Next thing I heard was the creak of the door opening and I felt a draft as the cooler air from the hallway invaded the bathroom. I was tired and not really thinking clearly, but figured that whoever had knocked on the door had accidentally pushed it open, or maybe they just couldn't hear me over the shower and wanted to say something. A moment later, however, my confusion changed to embarrassment. The shower curtain was pulled away and Irene was there with the camera, snapping away, laughing hysterically. I know she saw everything, although all the camera caught of my naked body was me crouching into the smallest possible shape I could assume.

I can't say that I was angered, more just embarrassed. It was even somewhat arousing to be seen naked by another woman. Although, given that this woman might one day become my mother-in-law made it sort of well... odd. I saw the photos after they were developed, everyone but me thought that they were great fun. I was lot less enthused by the prospect of everyone seeing me in such an unexpected and embarrassing situation. However, I got over it, and figured that this was going to be about as far as it went with the parents.

*****

A year or so after Nancy got married, she invited her parents, her sisters and their boyfriends, over to their house for dinner. May was working and couldn't attend, so it was just the six of us.

Nancy's husband Rob was sort of like me, he was into the latest and greatest in technology. And, unlike me, he had the money at the time to indulge himself in those neat toys! VCRs had just become a popular item, although not many people had them yet, so they were definitely a novelty. Rob had just purchased one and was eager to show it off. He had taped some shows off the air, as well as having collected a small collection of movies that they had purchased. We watched several shows, although I don't recall what they were. Julie's parents were on the couch, Julie and I shared a bean-bag on the floor, and Nancy and Rob were in a loveseat. It was a warm day, and everyone had a drink, either a cold beer or some wine spritzers that Irene made up. Rob had a small stash of weed and rolled a few joints. Everyone including Irene and Rick took a few tokes of them as they were passed around. So we were all slightly buzzed.

After we watched a few shows, Julie's mother got up and went over to the cabinet where the movies were stored and started browsing through the titles. I guess that somehow or another, one movie that should probably have been discreetly stored in a dresser in the bedroom had been left with all the other movies; it was the porn classic "Debbie Does Dallas" She read the title aloud. Then she said "Let's watch this!"

I swear all of the air got sucked out of the room and you could have heard a pin drop.

Nancy quickly spoke up, "Mom, that's an adult movie!"

Irene just said "I know, and I want to watch it. I know that it's played at the local adult theater, and I'm just curious. Come one, who's with me?"

Well, I wanted to see the movie, and I really wanted to see the movie sometime with Julie by my side. I was hoping that it would be a good ice-breaker, but I hadn't really anticipated seeing it with this particular group of people. Awkward would be an understatement. But, I was there, and who was I to naysay people old enough to be my parents.

The movie started, and after a few minutes we were treated to some full nudity, followed by close-ups of engorged cocks entering spread labia with mouths descending on erections, tongues lathering clits. Sucking alternated with fucking, and it was clear that a climax of sorts was near. A few more minutes, and the first of many "Money Shots" came on, with semen flying to the sounds of moaning and groaning.

Somewhere along the line, one of us became bold enough to say something like "Wow, did you see..." and the ice was broken. We traded quips, and all of us sort of nervously laughed and tried to hide our unease. I know that I was trying to conceal a hard-on that wouldn't quit, and from the way the two other guys were sitting I figured that they were both trying to conceal theirs as well. The girls were flushed, it was apparent that all this on-screen sex was arousing them too as well, and all of this, with parents right there in the room with us!

The movie ground on with one scene following another. And the whole while, I was as confused and as horny as all get-out! The sex had gotten to me, but I was staying my hand because Julie's parents were right there with us. I was just hoping that I wouldn't get too aroused and lose control, either by groping Julie where everyone can see, or by going over the edge and filling my underwear with a hot load of semen.

Out of the corner of my eye, I could see some movement from the couch. Irene was stroking her husband's penis through his pants, he started to try and stop her, then decided that if it had gone this far, a little more wouldn't hurt. Having already encountered Julie's stubborn wild streak while at my pool with her younger sister, I knew I shouldn't have been surprised, but I really was.

A few more minutes of this, and I'd noticed furtive glances from Nancy and Rob, as well as Julie's shocked glance when she saw what her mom was doing to her dad! Irene saw us watching, then just gave us all a "What the heck" look before proceeding to unzip his pants and pull his erect cock out. Rick tensed up a little, then gave himself into his wife's hand smoothly stroking his erection.

I was looking at Nancy and Rob as well as Julie, and I thought all four of us kids had sort of a Deer in the Headlights kind of stunned look.

Irene continued for a minute or so, then spoke up. "Wow, I didn't know this movie was so hot, I don't think Rick will mind me doing this. We might be older, but we're not dead you know!" She then pulled his pants off, with a little bit of help from him. He was by then completely naked from the waist down, and fully erect. After taking his shirt off, Irene resumed stroking him, running her thumb up and down along his glans, circling the crown with her fingers, while playing with his balls with her free hand.

I was just dumbfounded, and I was pretty sure that was the feeling shared by the rest of the younger generation there.

The movie continued to play on the television in the corner, but I think everyone's attention was more on the hand-job being given on the couch. Rick was starting to flex his abdomen, and one hand reached up under his wife's shirt and started rubbing one of her boobs. The air in the small living room was getting increasingly close, and my breathing was almost as ragged as Rick's was getting.

Irene looked at her daughters, then she simply said "Go ahead, help your guy. He wants it, he probably needs it. Don't mind us." Then she added to Julie, "You know, if you don't take care of him now, he'll just go home and do it by himself. That wouldn't be much fun now, would it?"

Next thing I knew, Julie's hand was on my pants, unbuckling my belt and pulling my zipper down. I looked over to Nancy and Rob, and I could see that he was already naked as he had been only wearing a pair of gym shorts and a tee-shirt when we got there. Nancy went right to work, first leaning over and taking Rob's cock into her mouth while massaging his balls, then stroking the base of his cock while she gobbled the rest of it.

My attention was soon interrupted by Julie as she had me stand up to remove my shorts and shirt, then pressed me back down into the bean bag. She leaned up against me, giving me a deep kiss as her hand started to stroke my erection. I struggled to pay attention to the activities around me while enjoying the feel of her smooth palms stroking me, occasionally rolling my balls around in their sack.

Even though Rick had a head start, Rob was the first to blow. I heard him saying "I'm cumming" then watched as Nancy engulfed his whole cock and her throat pulsed as she took the load deep in her throat. A few gasps, some erratic hip bumps and then Rob just collapsed, breathing heavily. Nancy stayed on him, (and) I could see her try and hold his softening cock in her mouth while not losing any of his semen. A moment later she pulled away, but not before licking an errant drop from the tip of his cock.

A minute or so later, Rick was next. Irene had slowed down to watch her daughter and son-in-law, but when they finished she picked up the pace. One hand was almost a blur as it went up and down Rick's engorged penis, the fingertips on her other hand were stroking Rick's taint, going from his balls to his anus, teasing the opening before going back to his balls. Once in a while it appeared like she was invading his ass with her fingertip, and I could see that he welcomed the invasion. Suddenly he arched his back, and semen began flying from the tip of his cock. Irene slowed the pace of her stroking, making her up-stroke coincide with the next pulse of Rick's ejaculation. Soon, a small puddle of cum formed on his stomach. Once he was finished Irene was like a cat in cream, licking it off while gently holding Rick's deflating penis. A quick suck to clean the tip of his cock, and they were over.

This left just Julie and myself. Even though the television was playing another sex scene, all the attention in the room was focused on us. I felt my arousal fighting with my shyness, this whole scene was not something I had ever anticipated and I wasn't sure how to take it. On the one hand I was getting a hot hand-job, (but) on the other I had an audience that included Julie's parents.

Julie saw that I was in trouble and she just whispered "You and I are the only people in the room, and I'm rubbing your cock. Cum for me, please cum for me." I heard her, but I still had trouble focusing on the incredible sensation. And I really had trouble envisioning a release with all of this attention.

Incredibly, Irene decided to take things a step further. She got off the couch, then knelt next to me on the side away from Julie. While Julie continued to stroke me, Irene looked into my eyes and said "I want to see you cum. I'll bet your load is just waiting to be released, please show me." She started to stroke the insides of my thighs, high up just below my balls, then took a fingertip that she had just wetted in her mouth and started to rub it against my anus. A quick slip and it was inside me, then she moved it deeper and I felt this incredible sensation as she found my prostate and gently rubbed it. She said "This always helps Rick when he's having trouble, let's see if it works on you."

Irene was not only giving me permission, she made it clear that this was what she expected of me in this situation. This unlikely intervention was all that it took. A moment later and I tipped over the edge, wave after wave of pleasure washed over me as my cock pulsed jets of semen across my belly up to my chin. Julie slowed her stroking as I continued to cum, finally stopping just after my last few drops dribbled out of my urethra and fell onto my pubic hair. Julie licked up a few of the drops on my stomach, then pulled a Kleenex from her purse to clean up the rest.

It took a few minutes for us guys to catch our breaths. Irene went to the bathroom to wash her hands, then came back and teased us guys about interrupting her enjoyment the movie, could we please start over? A wave of slightly embarrassed glances was traded. We dressed ourselves, and then tried to concentrate on the movie. After it was over, Irene and Rick went to the door. Irene thanked Nancy and Rob for the excellent entertainment, then looked at Julie and myself before saying that she expected to see us in a few hours whenever we were done for the evening.

Nancy and Rob cleaned up a little with our help, then told Julie and myself that we could stay as long as we wanted, but to please lock the door when we left. Nancy and Rick went into their bedroom, closing the door between us, leaving Julie and myself alone. I repaid the favor to Julie orally, by the time she got home the flush had mostly left her face and her parents were already in bed and asleep.