 George Ramsden was waiting for his wife’s return. Of course, this was not the first time that he had waited for her, she was habitually out on the town these days and he had a pretty good idea of what she was up to. Not that Kate made any secret of her dissatisfaction any more. “You cannot fulfil me”, she had said on countless occasions. The words still rang in his ears like a curse, almost a challenge. But this time things would be different. This time there would be no humiliation, no sympathetic looks from his friends because they had learned of Kate’s gossiped infidelity. No, this time things would be on his terms.

George glanced up at the wall clock for the hundredth time: 11:50pm. Of course, Kate could return at any time – once she had even stayed out all night – but he knew the bar that she had gone to and it shut at midnight. A night out with the girls, she had claimed as usual. But George knew she was lying and he had a surprise planned for her tonight.

He looked over at Mike and Luke as they lazed, or rather sprawled, out on the sofa drinking beer straight from the can. Both young, dark and handsome the two were the late teenaged sons of Frank Gilbert, one of George’s work colleagues. George had confided in Frank on many occasions and they had eventually come up with the idea of involving the young men. Mike and Luke knew why they were there. There wasn’t going to be any misunderstandings.

At exactly 12:30am George heard the familiar rattle of Kate’s key in the door. Immediately his mouth became dry and his tongue felt two sizes to big. He could feel the perspiration beading on his forehead and was aware that his palms were damp and clammy.

Kate’s sullen look immediately changed to a genial smile as she entered the lounge.

“I didn’t know we had guests.” She said, turning towards her older husband. For an instant the smile cracked and George knew that it was fake. “You could have told me, George!”

“Have you had a good time with ‘the girls’?” George asked calmly and avoiding her scornful eyes.

“Hmm, okay I guess. Why?”

“Just asking. By the way these are my guests not ours. This is Mike and Luke. Frank Gilberts sons.”

As Kate mumbled her hellos, George was reminded of how young his wife was. Standing in her dark, fashionable slacks and white sweater, her blonde streaked hair fanned out about her shoulders, she looked almost the same age as the two lads.

Kate looked a little confused. George couldn’t blame his wife for that, coming home to find two strange men sitting in your lounge at twelve-thirty in the morning had to be a little disconcerting – no matter how good looking they were. And George could see that Mike and Luke’s physique and appearance had not gone unnoticed by Kate. No matter how tired she claimed to be, there was a definite twinkle in her eye. Her tongue protruded on more than one occasion and dampened her pink painted lips.

“So how was your friend Angie?” George asked, regaining his wife’s attention.

“Oh, fine.”

“That’s funny, because I spoke to her husband on the ‘phone two hours ago. He say’s she’s been ill and hasn’t left the house for three days!”

The silence in the room was almost deafening. The atmosphere suddenly electric. Kate looked at her husband. She was speechless.

“Don’t even bother to come up with another lie.” George sneered. “I know you’ve been with another man. So, what was he like?”

“What? What do you mean?”

“I mean what was he like in bed? Or did he just fuck you in the parking lot?”

Kate’s eyes stared at the carpet. There was nothing useful she could think of to say.

“Was he big?” George continued, getting into his stride. “Do you crave big cocks?”

Kate looked up quickly. Her scorn-filled eyes bore into George like a laser.

“Bigger than you!” She spat.

“That, I’d already guessed.” George responded. He was not about to be put off now. He had the upper hand and was determined to keep it. “But was he as big as these two?”

Kate turned around to face Luke and Mike. A tiny, involuntary squeal escaped her lips as she saw that, while she had been talking to her husband, the two young strangers had unzipped their pants and released two hard, thick erections. Again Kate was speechless.

“Well?” Mike asked, taking over the narrative from George. “Was he as big as this?”

Kate stared at the long, hard cock that was pointing directly at her. She had to admit to herself that it was considerably larger than the guy that had fucked her in the bathroom of the bar earlier. A most unsatisfactory, knee-trembling experience, she remembered.

“What the fuck is going on, George?” 

“I’d have thought that was obvious, my darling!” George said sarcastically. “You so obviously like cock, I thought I’d get you two!”

George watched his wife as Mike pulled her close to him. Their mouths mashed together and he could see Kate’s lips open willingly to accept the other man’s tongue. Damn, this woman was unbelievable, he thought. She just met him and already she really wants him!

Kate sighed silently as she sucked on the young mans tongue and felt it snake into her mouth. Her earlier experience in the bathroom of the dingy bar had left her more unsatisfied than a night with her husband. She could feel a burning in her nether regions. If only George knew how much she needed this, she thought!

She felt Mike’s hand grip her own. He was guiding her fingers until they lay upon a hard rod of hot, manly flesh. She gasped when she touched it and felt it twitch in her hand. She gently stroked the length and cupped his balls softly. Hands were behind her now too, cupping her breasts through the sweater and squeezing them. Luke, she guessed, if she had remembered his name correctly. But names were of no concern to her now. She was beginning to lose herself in the lustful embrace.

George sat and watched as his wife was manhandled and pulled across to the sofa. Mike broke the kiss and both men pushed her back so that she was sitting facing them. The young men both sported fierce looking erections that protruded obscenely from their pants.

“So you like cocks do you, bitch?” Luke said. It was the first time that the younger man had spoken. George had told both of them earlier that they could refer to Kate by any derogatory name they liked. Bitch seemed to fit well. “Well, we like tits! So show us yours. Get that sweater off - now!”

George looked on and smiled sardonically as his wife put up absolutely no resistance. In fact she was maybe enjoying this a little TOO much, he thought. Her hands seemed to tremble slightly as she unfastened the top button of her pants and pulled out the hem of the sweater. She was grinning as her hands gripped the bottom of the garment and pulled it over her head with a flourish.

“You like?” She asked with a lilting smile as her bra-less breasts were exposed.

It was a rhetorical question and was treated as such by Mike and Luke. Both men sat down on either side of Kate and began mauling the firm orbs of flesh. Kate sighed as her nipples were rolled and moaned deep in her throat while two pairs of hands roamed her entire upper body. Her head was pulled back and forth between the young men as they took turns to kiss her deeply, exploring her mouth with long, snaking tongues.

George could feel his own erection hot and hard beneath his underwear as he watched the most erotic sight that he had ever witnessed. His hand strayed to the crotch of his pants and squeezed his modest penis. He felt a momentary pang of jealousy as he realised that he would never be able to match up to these young studs, but the feeling was short-lived. He was determined to keep as much bitterness out of this as possible.

Back on the sofa, Kate was being unceremoniously pulled down by Mike. Her head lowered towards the young mans crotch where his stiff, angry penis was sticking straight up. 

George watched with awed fascination as her mouth opened as wide as possible and took the hard meat inside. 

Mike groaned loudly as the length of his tool disappeared slowly into her mouth. His hand rested on the top of her head and he revelled in the sensations as her head bobbed slowly up and down as she fellated him.

Luke was also busy. Sitting at the other end of the sofa, he began to pull – quite roughly, George thought with a smile – at her black pants. The zipper was fully down and he was tugging the garment down over her rounded buttocks to reveal a pair of tiny black panties. Kate seemed more than busy swallowing his brothers’ tool so Luke pulled her hips up and ran both pants and underwear down her legs and over her bare feet.

“This bitch has definitely been fucked recently!” Luke cried as he finally divested Kate of all her clothes and she lay naked across her two young lovers. “Look, her cunt is still open!”

George looked. He could clearly see his wife’s open, dilated vagina as Luke slowly stroked his fingers through the wet folds of her labia. Kate was mumbling – gurgling, really – trying to speak but Mike’s fingers quickly entwined themselves in her blonde hair and pulled her firmly back down onto his cock.

“Why don’t you give her some more cock, Bro.” He laughed. “It looks like she could use some.”

“My thoughts exactly!” Luke replied, grinning like a cat with the cream, “I got a hard-on with this slut’s name on it!”

This time, Luke’s disparagement of Kate had an obvious and visual effect on her. With Luke’s fingers still probing her wet pussy, her back arched and her toes curled as she crashed into a shattering climax. She moaned around the large tool between her lips and dribbles of saliva oozed from the corners of her mouth.

But Luke and his brother were to give her no respite and, whilst she was still deep in the throes of orgasm, Luke pushed the entire length of his cock deep into her pussy with a guttural groan.

“Oh man, she’s hot and wet!” He cried as he began pumping himself into her lithe body. “You been fucked tonight already, baby, yeah? You want some more? You want Lukie’s hard cock up your wet cunt?”

Each taunting word that Luke uttered was punctuated by a deep thrust of his cock until he was so deep inside Kate’s vagina that George could hear the young man’s balls slapping against her butt. The pressure of his own erection was too much for him to bear now and, unzipping his pants he released a small but hard penis and began to masturbate slowly.

George watched and jerked his cock as his wife was soundly fucked at each end of her body. As Luke rammed himself into her pussy, so she lurched forward and swallowed more of Mike’s cock into her throat. George felt sure that the two young men would cum soon and was surprised when Luke suddenly stopped.

Kate was surprised to and, disengaging herself from Mike’s weapon she turned her head.

“What are you doing? I’m nearly there!”

“Don’t worry my little slut!” Luke said with a smile. “Just making sure not to cum too soon.”

“Maybe you should finish her off with that famous tongue of yours, Bro.” Mike grunted as he returned to sliding his cock in and out of Kate’s mouth.

Luke grinned and nodded. Pulling Kate up onto her hands and knees he slipped underneath her so that his face was in a direct line with her vagina and his rock-hard penis was pressed between the hot mounds of her hanging breasts. 

Kate groaned around Mike’s cock as she felt his brother’s tongue lap expertly against her distended clitoris. Mike’s hand was still in her hair and pulling her down mercilessly. She had little option but to take a deep breath and allow the thick cock to enter her throat.

George looked on and rubbed himself slowly as he watched the erotic spectacle. Luke was clearly an “oral master” and within seconds of his expert ministrations he had Kate twisting and writhing as a second orgasm crashed through her body. As she came he used his hands to separate her buttocks, exposing her tight anus and slipped a finger deep into the tiny, puckered hole. Kate screamed out her ecstasy as her body shuddered and trembled and rewarded a laughing Luke with a virtual river of sex-fluid.

But again, George’s wife was not to be allowed any form of relaxation. Both men – admirably, George thought – had withheld their orgasms thus far. But it was now clear that they were determined to change all that.

“You ever had two cocks at the same time, bitch? Mike asked with a grin.

Before Kate had a chance to reply – or even to argue – She was being manoeuvred again. Mike was still lying underneath her, the warm pressure of her breasts around his cock had kept him hard and erect. Kate was then encouraged to straddle the young man. She swung one trembling leg over his body and sighed deeply as she sat down on his cock.

Luke groaned as he felt the warm confines of Kate’s very moist pussy as it slipped over his erection like a hot, velvet glove He gripped her hips and bounced her up and down once or twice to ensure that he had the best angle for the deepest penetration.

Then it was Mike’s turn. His saliva streaked erection gripped tightly in his fist, he shuffled up behind George’s wife. 

Luke was slowly thrusting his cock up and down into Kate’s pussy and, as he saw his brother approach, his hands, that were resting on Kate’s buttocks, slowly pulled the warm, smooth cheeks apart to again reveal her tight, pink anal passage.

“Oh shit!” Kate cried as she suddenly realised what was about to happen. “Are you gonna stick that big thing up my ass?”

Mike laughed, a deep, hollow, resonant sound that seemed to echo around the room.

“Double penetration, bitch! You’re gonna get both holes plugged. What do you think about that?”

Whatever George had thought his wife’s answer might have been to that question, it was suddenly lost in a howling moan of lust as Mike began to ease his lubricated cock into her asshole. 

“Oh yeah, bitch!” Mike groaned. “Take my cock in your ass. I know you want it. Tell me how you want it in your ass, slut!”

“Yes…yes…Oh-fucking-yes! Put it in my ass, baby! God I feel so full! Fuck my ass…Fuck my ass and my wet cunt!”

The last, mumbled sentence was aimed at Luke who was bucking his hips up and down in a blur of speed as he rammed his tool deep into Kate’s vagina. George watched as two pairs of hands held his wife’s buttocks spread while both her holes were fucked deep and fast. At one time, she was crying out so much that George actually thought that she might be in trouble, so fast and furious was her assault. But as he watched her body shake into yet another bone-tingling orgasm he knew that she was enjoying her usage as much as the two young men were enjoying using her.

And then, suddenly, it started. With a wolf-like cry, Luke bucked his hips one final time and began to shoot his cum into Kate’s wet pussy. His toes curled up and his eyes closed as the lust washed over him.

“Christ! I can feel you swelling inside me!” Kate mumbled. 

“Oh yes!” Mike countered. “I’m gonna cum too! Gonna shoot it in your ass, baby!”

Kate’s response to this statement was to bury her head in Luke’s chest and spread her legs wider. She felt the swell and then the initial surge of sperm, as her insides were drenched.

“Oh God! I’m fucked. I’m so fucked. I got cum in my pussy and up my ass!”

“One more to go!” George suddenly cried as he leapt of his chair. With his pants and underwear around his ankles and the stiff little cock in his hand he looked faintly comical as he shuffled across the room towards the sofa.

“Yeah!” Cried Mike. “Go for it, man! We’ll hold her down for you!”

Both Mike and Luke laughed as they turned the clearly exhausted Kate over and onto her back. They watched as George stood over her frantically jerking his cock until a thin, runny stream of cum ejected from the tip and splashed her breasts and neck.

The last thing that Kate could remember before she slipped into a deep, exhausted sleep was her two young lovers and her husband laughing at her as the cum

pooled in the valley of her cleavage, trickled from her pussy, ran down the insides of her thighs and oozed slowly from her abused rectum.

After the two young men had left, gratefully sated, but before Kate had awoken, George placed the Briggs & Werner envelope on the mantelpiece above the fireplace. He checked his pockets for keys, credit cards and cash. And picked up his pre-packed suitcase. He looked over at his naked, sleeping wife. It seemed a shame in a way to leave like this after he – both of them – had had so much fun, but the divorce, unbeknown to Kate, was already in progress. He looked at the solicitor’s envelope above the fireplace again and sighed. He imagined her reading it later. Would she weep? Would she be angry, frustrated, even feel cheated? 

Leaving Kate was not easy but, after today, it just had to be done.

The End