 [This story contains scenes of vaginal sex, anal sex, oral sex, a threesome, talk of under-age sexual experimentation, and polyamorous life. The story was written with the in-story reality of none of the characters having an STD or HIV/AIDS. I can see how this story could live in the Erotic Couplings, Mature, or group sex areas. I picked Group Sex.]

I needed to get out! I had been in Walter Reed for five months and that was four months more than I thought I needed. Yeah, my leg and chest still hurt but they wouldn't heal any faster in the hospital than out. The hospital was boring. The hospital was inside! I needed out! In the twenty years I had been in the Navy seventeen had been on a ship. Dr Samuels promised that unless some new problem showed up I would be released on May first.

Nothing new showed up. I made my plans and arranged things so that on the first I could drive away from Reed, the Navy and waking up to have my vitals taken. I got some good help from people. A guy from near the base ran an auto repair business and he helped a lot. He found a truck that I could afford then he checked it out and repaired it so I was leaving in a four year old pretty new truck. He gave me a good price for what he did, too. A local banker set up an account for me where my retirement/disability checks would be deposited and I got an ATM card so I could get the money when I needed it.

One look in the rear view mirror showed my last look at Walter Reed. Whoever Walter Reed was he helped save my life but I wasn't sad to say good-bye. When I outfitted the truck I included a GPS unit and when I was off base I entered Butte Montana as my destination. A nice voice guided me out of the D.C. area and onto I-70. I opened the window and enjoyed the feel of the wind on my skin.

I stopped for lunch at a big truck stop. The people at Reed would have scowled but it tasted good. I filled up and headed out. By nightfall I felt pretty tired. I found a nice motel with a Denny's next door and checked in. By nine I was asleep. The next day I put just over 500 more miles between me and Reed. I noticed how much I was spending for motels and restaurants and I didn't like it. As I drove I saw a place that sold campers and I pulled in. The sales girl showed me how they could put a shell over the bed of my truck with a shelf over the wheel wells that could hold a mattress. All my stuff fit in drawers under the shelf. I bought an ice chest, sleeping bags I could zip together and a camping stove at a nearby camping store. Now I didn't have to find a motel. One stop at a market and I had the things I liked packed away for my meals for the next two days. On my way back to the interstate I saw a gun shop. I stopped in and when the man saw my Navy ID he waived the wait for me. I left with a Colt 9mm, a cleaning kit and fifty rounds. Better safe than sorry.

That night I stopped in a campground. Lots of families and kids. I parked a ways from most of them and made my dinner. I realized I should have bought a folding camp chair.

After I ate I took a walk. A few people talked to me and a couple noticed my slight limp. They asked if there were anything they could do. I wish there were. As I headed back to my truck two teenaged girls walked with me. They asked where I was from, where I was going, if I had a girlfriend, and how old I was. Being hit on was flattering but they looked too young to be anything but jail bait. As we passed a bathroom one of the girls excused herself and left me with Janice.

"Nick, later can I come by your site?"

"How later?"

"Say about eleven or so?"

"Janice, how old are you?"

"Eighteen." She looked at me to see if I would buy it. It was possible.

"Sure, you can come to my truck. Bring some ID so I can be sure I'm not going to jail. And, bring some condoms."

Her eyes widened and she nodded. Her friend came back and we walked on. At my truck I hugged both of them, squeezing Janice's ass in the process. It felt good. They walked away and I cleaned up. My dinner had been good and the clean up was easy. I got everything stowed in the truck and was ready for bed.

Sitting on the tailgate I took off my boots and socks, then my shirt and finally my pants. The Navy boxers stayed on. I climbed into the truck and closed up. The sliding window into the cab and the side windows stayed open for ventilation. As I got comfortable I thought about the odds that Janice would be knocking on my truck in an hour or so. I would have bet no one was knocking.

My eyes opened and it was dark. I remembered where I was and wondered what woke me. I heard it again. Someone was knocking. I turned to the side window and saw a driver's license held up to the window. I turned on my flashlight and read.

Donna Gardenhire Age; 38

I stopped reading and looked at the woman holding the license. She looked like Janice's Mom! She had on a robe and a smile.

"May I help you?" I asked.

"Yes. Unlock the tailgate and let me in. I'm getting cold."

I did as she asked. The moment after she was inside I closed the tailgate and lay down beside her.

"OK. You're in. Do I know you?"

"No, but you met my fifteen year old earlier this evening. Thanks for what you did. She loves to tease but you just said bring condoms and scared her half to death."

"You're not mad at me?"

"Hell no! A good scare might keep her panties on another year. I hope so."

"OK. Why are you here?"

She held out her hand. There were three condoms in her hand and a smile on her face.

"Right. And how soon is Mr. Gardenhire coming over to kill me?"

"Mr. Gardenhire died five and a half years ago. I have been Mom ever since. When I heard Janice telling Katy about what you said I got wet. I waited until I knew they were asleep and I came over. The condoms were a gag gift for my birthday last month."

"So, sight unseen, you thought you would take me up on an offer I made to your young daughter?"

"The worst you could do is turn me down. Fuck me and we both enjoy it. Fuck her and go to jail."

"Good point. I need to warn you. I haven't been with a woman in a long time."

"More than five and a half years?"

"No, Eight months."

"Let's experiment and see if we can both remember how this is done."

"OK. By the way, I'm Nick." I leaned to her and kissed her. Slowly and softly.

She was way beyond the slow and soft approach. The robe came off and she was nude. Freshly shaved and smelling good. In the second kiss her hand found my equipment and tested it for size and interest. My hand found her breast and felt the nipple tighten as I touched it.

I broke the kiss and asked, "Are you a screamer?"

"Sometimes! Probably tonight!"

"Here's my pillow. Muffle it as best you can."

I twisted around and put my face into her freshly cleaned and smooth pussy. She clamped the pillow over her face. She was dripping wet and tasted better than any taste I'd had in months. Every time my tongue touched her large clit she jumped. She shook all over and I knew she was not going to last long at all.

A moment later I heard her moan and I flicked her clit as fast and lightly as I could. Her body stiffened and she screamed into the pillow! Inside the truck it sounded so loud I thought Janice and every other camper would be outside in seconds. No one came out of their tent.

When Donna calmed down a little she pulled the pillow away and took my cock in her mouth. This woman knew what she was doing. She sucked me and fondled me until I was harder than I ever remembered being. Her hand held my cock and her mouth went to my balls. I'd never had a woman suck my balls before and I felt incredible. As she pulled back I head a soft pop as my ball left her mouth. Donna's mouth took all of my cock in as her tongue did it's best to thrill me. When she pulled back she twisted around and spread her legs wide, inviting me in.

As I lined up she opened a condom and put it on me. I slid in slowly and she used the pillow again. I moved in her slowly, savoring how good she felt and how good I felt being inside her. My pace increased and I heard the sloppy noises that I like so much. Donna put her feet on the roof of the camper and changed the feelings I got sliding in and out of her. As my juices built up pressure I pulled the pillow away and covered her mouth with mine. As I splashed her inside the condom she came too. I ground my pelvis against her and pressured her clit. Her scream was muffled by my mouth.

We unwound ourselves and I held her next to me. I played with her breasts as we calmed down. She shook with aftershocks then her breathing slowed and she snuggled back against me. I fell asleep.

I woke up again and Donna was sucking me hard again. When I put my hands on her head she said, "I've got to go back to my campsite. Before I go I want you to do me a favor."

"Which is?"

"First cum in my mouth. Then give me a hickey next to my pussy."

"Why do you want the hickey?"

"I want to be reminded of this every time I start thinking it was just another dream and I want it so I can prove to my sister that I got laid."

"Then toss a leg over my face and suck me!"

She did just that. I put a hickey as close to her pussy as I could on her inner thigh. She was still sucking me so I licked her to another orgasm. She gave me so much nectar I thought I might drown, but it tasted so good I swallowed it all. As I came in her mouth I gave her another hickey, just above her slit.

I opened the tailgate and Donna climbed out, nude. I handed her the robe and she put it on.

"How do you feel about kissing a woman who just sucked you off?"

I got out of the truck and took her in my arms. I kissed her and answered her question. When the kiss ended I was hard again.

She looked at my cock and said, "God, I wish we weren't going home tomorrow."

"Donna, if you want to bring me your address in the morning. Perhaps I may be traveling your way sometime soon and we could meet again. I'd love to take you to dinner and a bigger bed."

As she turned and walked back to her campsite she was smiling. I climbed back in and closed the tailgate. The sun was well up when I woke again. I put on shorts and got out of the truck. On my way back from the bathroom I saw Janice and Katy. They smiled when they saw me and joined me for the walk back to my truck.

"Good morning, Nick. I'm sorry I didn't come last night but I fell asleep."

"I understand. It would have been fun. How did you sleep?"

"Just fine until Momma came back into the tent smelling like sex!" They both giggled and laughed. I'm sure I blushed. They went back to their campsite and I went to my truck. The people next site to mine offered me some breakfast and I accepted. As we ate the woman said, "Did you hear those strange noises last night?"

"Strange noises?"

"Yup, sounded like people wrestling around and then yelling." She smiled.

"Some people. They should know sound carries at night."

"Sure does! Makes some older folks jealous!" They both laughed. I finished my breakfast and went back to my site.

Five minutes later I was ready to get back on the road. I drove past the site where Donna, Katy, Janice and two others were taking down their tent. Donna saw me and motioned for me to stop. She and both girls came to my truck. Donna handed me her card. I looked at it and said, "Oh, Donna. I didn't recognize you with your clothes on."

The girls mouths dropped open and the woman holding the tent dropped the tent. I got out of the truck and went to Donna, wrapping my arms around her. We kissed, tongues and hands fully in play. As I walked back to my truck I looked at Donna and she still had her arms open as I drove off, waving.

I put her card in the glove box just before I got on the interstate. Maybe that town would get a visit. Maybe.

As evening came again I found another campground. Twelve bucks for the night. Good big sites, lots of grass, and best of all showers with never ending hot water. After I set up camp, which took all of five minutes, I walked the campground. I needed the exercise. Sitting behind the wheel all day had my legs getting stiff. By the time I got back to my site there were families camped on either side of me. I remembered the noise factor from the night before and realized I wouldn't want these kids listening. There wouldn't be a repeat of the sex that night.

In five days I made it to Montana. In Butte I found the address I had written to after I got to Reed. It was a small white wooden house with a fence around the front. A trike and wagon were in the yard. The mailbox said Jackson. I parked across the street and looked at the house for a while. It was just about five in the afternoon when I got out of the truck and walked across to the house.

Before I opened the gate the front door opened. A woman stepped out on the porch. I knew it was Jenny. I'd never seen her before but Jack had shown me her picture every day for over a year. Lt. Adam "Jack" Jackson, USN. He had taken most of the blast when the plane blew, saving me and ending his life.

Jenny knew who I was. Tears fell from both of us and we hugged in her front yard.

"I knew you'd come."

"I need to tell you something."

"OK. Stay for dinner and after the kids are asleep we'll talk."

She hooked my arm and led me inside. I knew every inch of their home. Jack talked about the house and his family a lot. What he had never seen was the shrine on the wall of the hallway. Pictures of Jack in uniform, of Jack aboard ship, of Jack and I standing on the gangway in Norfolk and the letter saying he died.

We had dinner together and the kids were great. They knew I was Dad's friend. I told them how much he loved them and was proud of them. At bed time they asked if I would tuck them in too. The little girl, Denise, gave me a goodnight kiss.

Jenny served coffee in the living room and sat near me. We talked about how they were doing and other stuff for a while then she asked, "Tell me why you needed to come."

"I was the last one to speak to Jack before the plane hit the deck. We were standing together. As it hit we started to move. He said, "Tell Jenny I love her." Ten seconds later he was gone."

Tears fell. Time passed. I said, "He died instantaneously. A million times since I have wished it had been me. Then he could have come back to you."

"He died instantaneously. I've died a little every day since the car drove up in front of this house. Those two beautiful kids are the only reason I didn't die too."

Tears fell. Time passed. I didn't know what to do so I didn't do anything.

Jenny looked at me and said, "I don't want to die anymore. I want to move. Start over. By the fall I will have enough and we won't live here anymore."

"Can I help?"

"No. I'm glad Jack had you for a friend. I want to hang on to you as a way of hanging on to Jack, but we both know that's no good. Hold me one more time and then you'd better go."

Ten minutes more and I was on the road again. The next day I stopped in another town and got a cashiers check made out to Jenny Jackson and mailed it to her special delivery.

Now that the mission was over I felt at a loss. I drove. I stopped at campgrounds. I attended a few ball games, ate a few dinners in sports bars, learned some new card games in campgrounds and thought about, "OK. What's next?"

In September I was in Georgia. My truck had eight thousand new miles on it that were mine. I followed my routine and pulled into a campground one evening. I parked in one of six available spots and in five minutes my camp was set up. A teenaged boy from next door came over and asked if I was really from D.C.. He pointed at my license plate. I told him I had been near D.C. for five months and bought the truck there. I noticed that most of the kids around were either really small. I offered Jim a Coke and we sat down to talk. I apologized for not having two chairs. His response was to get one from his campsite and we sat comfortably for well over an hour.

He asked about my history and I asked about his history and plans. He was seventeen, a senior to be when school started up again, wanted to study engineering. Three of the little kids running around were his Mom's foster kids and they visited us every few minutes as we talked. They would come by, crawl up in Jim's lap and sit for a minute or two. They climbed down and went back to playing with the others. The youngest, a boy, came by about every fifteen minutes. Jim never spoke to him, just let him climb aboard and helped him down. The last time he stopped by a slightly older girl was sitting in Jim's lap. The little guy didn't flinch, he climbed into my lap like he'd done that ten thousand times. It was a nice feeling.

When the two women were preparing dinner Jim called out, asking if they wanted his help. One of the two dried her hands and walked over. I watched her. She was about the same size as Donna, but blond and fully dressed when we met. Soccer mom would be the way I described her. Dressed in well-worn jeans, a western shirt with the sleeves rolled up and her hair in a pony tail. The athletic shoes were worn too. Altogether a picture of healthy, American motherhood.

I smiled and she gave it back. She spoke first to Jim.

"Have you invited our neighbor for dinner yet?"

"Nope. I'd like you to meet Nick. Nick this is my Mom, Della."

I stood and shook her hand. I motioned to the chair and she said, "No. I noticed the slight limp and you need to rest your leg more than I need mine right now. Would you like to join us for dinner? It ain't fancy but you won't starve."

"Mom is the best cook I know. Please join us."

"I accept. What can I bring?"

"A story or two we haven't heard twenty times about a place we haven't been twenty times."

"I think I can make up a story or two."

"I'll bet you have some stories that wouldn't need to be made up."

"Possibly."

"OK. Dinner will be in about twenty minutes. In about ten minutes can you start getting the mob washed for dinner, son?"

We both said, "Yes, Mom" at the same time. We laughed and started rounding up the kids and getting them clean at the bathroom. The little guy was named Mark and he wanted me to wash him. I did. I washed my face and hands, up to the elbows first and then did the same to him. He laughed and said I tickled him. When I was done I had him stand with his hands high, so he wouldn't get dirty again.

We walked back holding hands and sat around the campsite picnic table as well as at three TV trays. I met the other woman, Margie, who was also a foster mom and I met her two kids. Both women shared the fresh scrubbed wholesome look with a minimum of make up and practical hair not one of those 'I spend an hour at the beauty shop every week' hairdos.

As soon as dinner was on the plates Mark said, "Tell us a story, Mr Nick."

His request became eight requests and I raised my hand. They got quiet.

"As long as you eat I'll tell a story. If you stop eating, the story is over. OK?"

"Do I hafta eat everything?" A girl about six said.

I nodded. She smiled and took a bite. I waited until every kid had taken one bite.

"What kind of story would you like?"

"Tell us about somewhere you've been."

"I've been to Pensicola Florida, to Tokyo Japan, to the Mediterranean Sea, which one?"

Mark picked Tokyo. I told them about getting on a ship in San Diego California and taking a month to go across the ocean to Japan. I told them about the city of Tokyo and how different the Japanese people live than American's live. By the time my story ended all the kids were finished eating.

Both Moms and Jim got busy cleaning up and then getting all the little one's ready for bed. By eight-thirty they were all in their sleeping bags and the tents zipped. I did the dishes. We sat back down together and Margie said, "Tell us a story, please."
