 [This chapter continues the story of Nick joining his new family. Welcome to the honeymoon. There is oral, coitus and a little anal play in this chapter. MF & FMF]

Sandra drove us home. She drove because I had never been there. We had been married all of five days and they had been spent in Pensacola Florida. Sandra had a cousin who lived in Pensacola and she hadn't seen her cousin in fifteen years, so that's where we went to get married and visit Carol.

We got married on Monday. The Chaplin on the Navy base did the honors for us and the Navy supplied a few witnesses for us. Afterwards we had a nice meal in the enlisted club on the base. Being retired military does have some perks. We stayed in a hotel near the water Monday night and ate our first married supper together in a really nice sea food restaurant. I bought Sandra a dress and shoes for the ceremony and bought myself a nice almost-dressed-up outfit as well. Sandra picked out both sets of clothes.

From the campground, where we left Sandra's sisters and kids, to Pensacola we talked. I had lots of questions about what I had chosen and how I would fit in.

We both knew that when we got home the discussions would need to happen again. Sandra kept looking at am and asking, "Are you sure about this?"

Finally, I stopped her and said, "If you keep asking if I'm sure, I won't be. The little bit of time I've spent with all of you has me convinced I am doing the right thing. For some reason I find it easy to love all of you. Easy to be with you, your sisters, Mark, Jim, Krystn and all the other kids. The fact that you opened up to me says something to me that is pretty powerful. You've all been burned before. The old saying is often true, once burned twice shy."

She moved in close, kissed me and the question stopped being asked.

The day after we got married I met her cousin Carol and Carol's husband Mike. Sandra had called Carol as we drove to Pensacola so our arrival was anticipated. Mike took me aside and asked if I knew about the family, or was I thinking I could take Sandra away from her sisters. I let him know that I planned to live in the middle house between the sisters and help raise the kids. He shook his head and said, "I couldn't do it, but if you're willing, more power to ya."

They took us out to a nice dinner and we went back to our hotel for another night of fun.

Sandra was fun in our room. She walked in, looked around and started undressing. When she was nude she turned on the TV, found the cable channels for music and picked the one that played soft, slow music we could dance to. She helped me undress and we danced. The room was a little crowded for dancing but we managed. I loved the feel of her breasts pressed high on my chest, the warmth of her skin against mine and the frequency that her lips found mine as we danced. At the end of a song she broke away from me and dialed room service. She ordered a pitcher of iced tea and some cookies.

"When the knock comes, are you answering the door?" I asked.

"Sure. Whoever the delivery comes from can have a cheap thrill! I just hope they don't drop the iced tea."

We danced another entire tune before the knock came. She let go of me and asked, "Who is it?"

A young male voice said, "Room service."

She unlocked the door and slowly opened it. She looked around the door and asked, "How old are you?"

"Eighteen."

"Ok." With that she opened the door and took the tray from the shocked young man. She brought it in and put it on the bed. She went back to the young man, signed for the food and kissed him on the cheek. 

"Thank you very much!" They both said, then laughed. As she closed the door his face was bright red.

"That story will last years in his life." I said.

"Probably. Young guys should have sexy experiences to open up their lives."

"What about older guys like me?"

"What kind of sexy experience would you like to have?"

"Oh, now let me think. How about the experience of loving you again?"

"I like how that sounds."

I moved the iced tea and cookies to the table and put Sandra on the bed. We had joined before but every time was still an exploration of what we both liked and what lit our fires in different ways.

I got a little bottle of lotion from the bathroom and spread it on her back and ass. For the next half an hour I massaged her back, ass and legs. When I approached her pussy as I worked her legs, she spread them a little. I took that as an invitation and touched her pussy a little with every opportunity.

When my hands worked up her back towards her shoulders I straddled her upper thighs, resting my cock between her legs and touching her pussy. She moaned as I pressed down on her back with my hands and massaged the lotion into her skin.

Sandra's skin was nearly without blemish or mole. She was well muscled and while not thin she wasn't carrying around much excess either. All in all she was a very healthy woman. Until we filled out the papers for marriage I didn't know how old she was. She was thirty-eight. Two years younger than me.

I rolled her over and started work on her chest. Starting at her shoulders I worked the lotion into her skin along her shoulders, down both sides and onto her belly. Not at all flabby I could feel the strength and vitality of her stomach muscles. My hands spread lotion onto her breasts and I spent lots of time making sure they were well cared for. She kept her eyes closed for most of the massage but when my hands held her breasts she opened her eyes and watched.

"Nick, I love having my breasts mauled. Squeeze them hard. Pull on them. Twist them. Pull on my nipples! Hard enough that you think it will hurt me. I will love it! All the better if you do it while you are inside me."

She opened her legs and I moved to enter her. She guided my bare cock into her. From the time we left the campground she told me we didn't need condoms anymore. None of the three sisters could get pregnant again so the condoms had been about protection from STD's. I loved how her insides felt as I slid into her. With some women the feeling is that they are wet. Sandra was slippery, hot and slippery.

As I slid in and back out of her I held her tits. I squeezed and she smiled.

"Squeeze tighter."

I encircled her right breast with both hands, right where her tit met her chest, and squeezed. The breast tightened at started looking swollen. I pumped into her and she moaned. I held on and saw her nipple swell and look inviting. I bent to it and sucked hard on the nipple without letting go with my hands. She moaned loudly and held my head to her breast with her hands.

"Oh Nick! That's what I'm talking about! Suck me!"

I did. My cock pistoned in and out as I sucked her tit. I was also pushing down on her chest, using my hands to support my upper body.  We thrashed around like that for long minutes until she started shaking and saying, "Here I cum! Pound into my pussy, Nick! Suck me!"

I felt my own juices pulse into her as she screamed and arched her back. It was wonderful. I let go of her tit and she moaned again. She rolled me onto my back and kept me inside her. We kissed a hundred times and then I fell asleep. When I started to wake up I heard her soft voice. She was talking to her sisters on the phone.

"We did good. He's so good to me. Yes! He's been asking lots of questions about his role in the family and how to be good for the kids. He really likes Jim and Krystn and wants them to do well." She paused and then I heard, "I love what he does to my body! Just a while ago he gave me a massage! When he does you, you will melt!" She paused again. "I don't know. Maybe I'll just run away and never being him home."

I could hear the laughter from the phone even though Sandra was holding it.

"I think he's waking up. I'll call you again before we head home." I heard the phone go down.



"What would you like to do with the rest of our honeymoon?" I asked as we ate breakfast.

"Have sex in places I've never had sex! Having sex when there aren't any kids around is so much fun!"

"Because you can be loud?"

"And, I'm not listening for a sick one, a whiney one, a snoopy one."

"Ok, that gets factored into my new project too. Play time without children nearby."

"What project?"

"Each of you needs some adult time, away from computers and kids and housework. I think I can figure out a way for us to get that for each of you. Listening to you and being with you I get how important that can be, to your sense of well being and it can be the thing that helps keep us all sane."

"Think you can arrange that?"

"Maybe not as often as you three would like, but yes."

"Wow! Being married to you could have some really unexpected benefits."

"Yeah, like sore breasts and other body parts."

"Asses."

"Asses?"

"Will you have our asses?"

"Would you like that?"

"Years ago, when I was married for a minute and a half, my husband introduced me to it. The first three times I wanted to kill him, it hurt sooooo badly. Then I got him to use a lot of lube and start slow. I loved it! After he was gone Margie used a dildo on my ass and then I returned the favor. I lubed her up well and went slowly. Later we both did Della. That's something we do fairly often."

"Ok. I would like to continue that practice. Not the dildo, the having fun with your asses."

"Wait til we get home and I tell them what you like!"

"You aren't going to call home every time I fall asleep?"

"I've only called twice!"

I smiled. I had only known of once.

"If I fall asleep are you going to call?"

"No. I'll wait and send you to the store." We laughed and I handed her the phone.

"Really?"

"Sweetheart, I'm married to all of you. No secrets. While you're on the phone tell them we are heading for home in the morning and will arrive at lunchtime Friday."

She called. I showered and shaved. As long as I had the razor in my hand I went to Sandra and shaved her while she talked to Margie. When I got to the tongue test for hairs I hadn't seen she said, "Margie, do you know what our wonderful husband is doing? He's shaved my pussy and now is licking me to make sure he got every tiny hair."

There was a short pause at our end.

"Nick, Margie said they went to Costco yesterday and just happened to buy forty-eight razors!"

"Good! That ought to last a couple weeks anyway. Sandra, do you want me to wait or can I eat you now?"

She smiled and held the phone out in my direction. "Ask me again," she said.

"Sandra, do you want me to wait or can I eat you now?" She put the phone back to her ear and said, "Eat me now, Nick. Margie, I need to hang up now. I'm busy."

She hung up the phone then she opened herself wider to me. I only touched her with my tongue. Wide strokes with my tongue and then pointed flicks on her clit. I slowly licked her back to another orgasm and just as she was close I lubed my finger in her juices and when she screamed I shoved it in her ass.

"Yes! You did it again! Yes!"

Long after she calmed down I kept my finger buried in her ass. When she looked at me I moved it around and she moaned. I pulled out and went into the bathroom. I washed my hands with soap and came back to bed.

"I may not be able to walk well for a couple days."

"Is that a complaint?"

"No. I'm bragging."

We listened to the TV music channel for a while and then dressed for dinner. When we arrived at the restaurant we saw a man yelling at his wife just outside. He drew back his arm, made a fist and she cringed. I stepped forward and grabbed his fist. He turned and said, "Let me go!"

"So you can hit her?"

"Yes! She's my wife!"

"Would you use your fist on your mother?" I asked. I still held his fist in my hand.

"If she disrespected me!"

"I'm going to let go of your hand. If you hit her I'm going to put you in the hospital. There is only one reason to hit a woman. You need to be so stupid you can't solve problems any other way." I let his hand go.

"How do you feel about a man hitting another man?" His eyes were dilated, he was up on the balls of his feet. He was going to hit me.  "He'd better make the first hit really count."

The swing came from ten miles away. He expected me to stand still and get hit! I grabbed the extended arm and pulled him forward, slamming his collarbone into a lamp post. We all heard the bone snap.

He screamed in pain and sat down on the ground. His right arm was useless. Sandra had already moved to his wife. I turned to her and noticed some aging bruises.

"Do you have kids with him?"

"No."

"Do you have family you can go to?"

"Yes, my mom lives up by Atlanta. I can go there."

Sandra asked, "Were you on your way in or out of the restaurant?"

"In. Is he going to be alright?"

"Someday. He needs to go to the hospital and have his collarbone set. He won't be able to use that arm for a few weeks, but that will give him time to think. Let's go inside. I'll call an ambulance for him and we'll buy you dinner."

I didn't wait for an answer. We surrounded her and walked her inside. The person at the reservations desk said, "I saw what happened and called an ambulance. Your table is waiting." She led us to a very nice table and when she left us the waiter served the menus.

Our guest looked over the menu and softly said, "This is too pricey for me."

"You aren't paying." Sandra said. "Just pick something you would like. We can afford it."

The waiter came back, told us the specials and I saw our guest's eyes flare when he mentioned the almond crusted halibut. I winked at Sandra and said to the waiter, "I think we should try the almond crusted halibut. Would you like that Sandra?" She nodded. "Dear lady?" She smiled and nodded. He asked if we wanted Caesar salad or baby greens. "Caesar," I answered.

After he left I looked at our guest and said, "I hope you don't mind my ordering for you. You've had enough traumas for today and ordering could just add confusion."

"I love halibut. Thank you."

We found out they had been married a year. He had lost his job three months before and she was supporting them working in a dry cleaners. He had become more and more violent since he lost his job. Today was her payday and he demanded she take them out for dinner. She had reminded him that if they ate here it would mean they didn't have enough for the rent. That's when we arrived.

"Nick, can I borrow the cell phone?" Sandra held out her hand.

"Sure, Honey." I handed it to her. 

"Margie, Sandra. Would you call Betty and ask her if she still wants someone at her dry cleaners?" Call me right back on Nick's cell. I'll explain."

Our salads came and we started eating. The cell rang and Sandra answered. She thanked Margie and hung up.

"If you want it, we have a job for you in the dry cleaners in our town. You'll be three hundred miles from his abuse and you'll have a fresh start."

"Why are you doing this for me?" 

"Because everyone deserves a good life." I said.

"How will I get there?"

"We leave in the morning. I have a pick up and we can put your stuff in the back."

Dinner came and went. She savored every bite, beginning to feel the freedom we offered. After we finished the meal, and had answered the first dozen questions about home, we discovered the bill wasn't coming. The manager had comped the meal because we had kept the angry man outside.

We drove Pat home and Sandra helped her pack. An hour later the phone rang and Pat answered. We heard half the conversation.

"No, I won't come get you." "No, I won't be here when you get here. I'm leaving you. The next time you hear from me it will be when you're served divorce papers." "Yes, I'm serious." "I know you won't hit me, ever again. Because, I won't be here for you to hit!" "Good bye, Carl." She hung up. I reached over and took the phone off the hook. Ten minutes more and we were out the door.

As we got in the truck Pat said, "Wait! You said you were leaving in the morning. Where will I stay tonight? Shouldn't I stay here?"

"If Carl gets home later tonight, do you want to be here?"

"No."

"Then you'll stay with us. There are two big beds in the room. You can have the one we haven't messed up." Sandra said.

"Are you sure?"

"Yes. Now, relax. You're with friends."

She was sitting between us and during the drive to our hotel she did not relax.

I parked the truck in valet parking so it would be inside a parking structure and out of sight. Pat wanted to get some things and we helped her find them in the back of the truck. 

We walked in and to our room. Pat walked like a woman who had had the self-esteem punched out of her. Sandra put her arm around her shoulders and she flinched. Sandra left it there and spoke softly to her all the way to the room. I opened the door. Sandra turned to me and said, "Go to housekeeping and get shampoo, soap and two bottles of lotion, would you Honey?"

"I'll be right back."

I went to the front desk. I spoke to the manager and told her most of the story.

"I need extra lotion, shampoo, soap and towels. If you need to add a charge to our room, it's Ok."

She smiled and went into the office behind the front desk. When she returned she gave me a bag with extra soaps, shampoos, lotions and conditioners in it.

"By the time you get to your room someone will be there with extra towels. Thank you, for being the kind of couple who would help."

I smiled, said thanks and went back to our room. Standing in the hallway with a stack of towels was a young man. It was the same young man who had delivered the iced tea. I took the towels and gave him a buck. 

"Sorry for the poor tip. If you'd like I'll take my clothes of and let you look, but I don't really think that's what you want."

He hurried down the hall, saying, "No, this is fine. Have a good evening."

I opened the door and heard water running in the bathroom. I knocked and said I was back. Sandra came out and took the supplies. She was nude and wet. 

"Getting clean is good therapy." She said as she ducked back inside. I turned on the TV and watched part of a movie I had seen while I was in the Navy hospital. The movie was almost over when they came out of the bathroom. Sandra opened the extra bed and helped Pat into it. She was wearing one of my t-shirts. It hit her a couple inches below her pussy.  Sandra was also wearing one. It hit her at the bottom edge of her pussy.

"The bathroom is all yours, Honey."

I went in and did my nightly routine. As I turned to leave I realized I was nude. I sleep nude unless I'm sleeping in the back of my truck. I opened the door a little and said, "Pat, would you please close your eyes?"

"Sure!" Sandra answered. I opened the door and stepped out. Sandra was sitting on the bed, nude, with her legs crossed. Pat was in her bed, still wearing my t-shirt. Both were looking right at me.

Realizing it was too late to cover up I just walked to my bed and pulled the covers back.

Pat spoke. "Sandra told me you two are on your honeymoon. I'll turn towards the wall and I promise not to look. I know you were both counting on having sex."

Sandra moved to me and kissed me. My cock immediately leaped up. She broke the kiss and pulled me onto the bed.

I shut off the room lights and let her pull me into an embrace. I glanced over and Pat was facing the far wall. I returned Sandra's kiss. Soon, I had forgotten we weren't alone. Sandra sucked me, and pinched my nipples. I moved to her breasts and they were extra sensitive so when I sucked it didn't take much and she was thrashing around and urging me on.

On our sides we 69ed for a while and Sandra came, her scream muffled by having my cock in her mouth. I moved into position to participate in the missionary prayer of Thanksgiving and Sandra said, "Stuff me full, please."
