 [The sex in this story is MF, FF and FMF. No anal. The story is about having a polyamorous family work for every participant. Your comments are welcome.] 

When I woke up it was morning. Two women were sucking and kissing my cock. One of them was my new wife. The other was a damsel in distress from the night before. I turned them so I could reach their pussies and my fingers explored their slippery portions.

Sandra rolled a condom onto me and helped Pat assume the cowgirl position above me. I watched as she sank down, invaginating me. She felt really good. She rode me hard. Twice she called me Carl and three times she called me Nick. When she came I was Nick. When I came she used her muscles to milk me. 

As she pulled off me Sandra peeled off the condom and drank the contents. Pat bent and cleaned my cock with her mouth.

"Good Morning, Honey." Sandra said.

"Good morning, ladies. I like how the alarm clock works in this room. It isn't too noisy but I sure woke up happy."

Pat said, "So did we!"

"Shower anyone?"

They pulled me out of the bed, turned on the water and the three of us somehow got clean. We got dry and dressed. We packed our stuff and headed out for our traveling day. In the lobby, I walked to the desk. I handed the woman the room keys and asked if she would give a message to the manager named Bonny. She pressed a button and ten seconds later Bonny came out of the back office.

"I wanted to thank you for your kindness last evening and to settle up my bill."

"There is no bill to settle. Once, ten years ago I was ending a bad marriage from a hospital bed. I wished then someone had been there to help me. I wasn't there to help her (she pointed at Pat), but I can honor her heros by paying your bill. It's already done." She shook my hand, waved at Sandra and Pat waiting by the door and was gone.

We walked to the truck and got in. Pat navigated us to I-65 north and we were off. We stopped in Montgomery for lunch and ate at a Cracker Barrel. Every time I eat at a Cracker Barrel I feel badly for all the places that don't have a nearby Cracker Barrel. While we started the trip north from Montgomery Sandra used the cell phone again.

"Margie, it's us. We just left Montgomery. We have Pat with us and all her stuff. Can you find her a place to live near the dry cleaners? She doesn't have a car. I'll ask." She held the phone and asked, "Pat, will you stay with us a few days until we can find you a place?"

Pat nodded and teared up. "She'll stay. Yes, in Krystn's room. No, Krystn doesn't need to move. Pat will share. What's for dinner? What? I'll tell him. See you soon. Bye." She disconnected.

"Tell him what?" I asked.

"Mark has asked every one, every day, since we left where his Dad is."

"God! Having a Dad must be important to the little guy."

"Either that or perhaps it is you he misses."

"Who is Mark?" Pat asked.

For the next hundred miles Sandra explained our family to Pat. She included that we had been married for five days and known each other for seven. She included that the three sisters all considered themselves married to me, not just Sandra. She took all of it in quite well. She didn't try to jump from the truck once.

When we made a pit stop I wondered if she would run away, but she came back. They came back to the truck together. I knew we would be home by the time we needed to stop again so I handed the keys to Sandra. She put her arms around my neck and pressed the rest of herself against me. We kissed for about a week, or maybe a minute. It was very good. My knees were weak when the kiss ended.  I walked around and opened the door for Pat. She pressed herself against me, put her arms around my neck and kissed me. It was a little different from Sandra's kiss but every bit as intentional. I was hard when we got in the truck. Pat sat in the middle.

A few miles down the road Sandra asked, "Pat, why did you kiss Nick that way?"

"He saved my life. He helped me think maybe I am worth it! He and you are giving me a new life. That kiss was just part of how I want to say thank you."

Sandra pulled off at the next rest stop. She stopped the truck and got out. She reached for Pat's hand and helped her slide over and out. 

"If you don't mind, I'd like a kiss, too."

Pat's arms went around Sandra's neck, her body molded itself to Sandra's and they kissed. Hell, it was so hot I got hard and I was four feet from them. When it ended Sandra said, "Great! Now I get to drive the rest of the way home soaked! Serves me right!"

As they climbed back in laughing, I said, "If you park over there I'll take you both in the back and dry you with my tongue."

"That will NOT get us dry!" They both said, laughing. We got back on the highway.

An hour later Sandra got off the highway and headed through town. North of town, on a hill, there were three houses sitting almost by themselves. One four foot chain link fence enclosed all three yards. Jim was standing by the middle gate, holding it open. He smiled and waved as we pulled in. He closed the gate behind us.

We got out and were mobbed by short people, and Jim. Mark crawled up my leg and I lifted him the rest of the way. "You're my Dad!" He said. I nodded. "And you aren't posta go away without me!"

"I'm back! Are you glad I'm back?"

"Yup!" He wiggled and was gone. Jim looked at me and said, "I missed you too." He waited and added, "Dad."

I felt tears well up. Pat touched my arm. I turned and said, "Pat this is Jim, our son. Mark was the one who just took off."

The little girl on front of Pat said, "I'm Sam. My name is Samantha but everyone calls me Sam. Glad to meet you Pat." As soon as they shook hands Sam took off. By then Margie and Della were outside headed our way.

"We were headed inside." Sandra said.

"We couldn't wait ten more seconds. They met Pat and gave her a hug and turned to me. My socks melted when Margie kissed me. Lordy, she was glad to see me! Della was more restrained. She pushed Margie out of the way and did her best to get inside my clothes with me. It was good to be home.

Della took my arm and guided me into our house. The table was set for everyone and dinner smelled really good. Krystn came out of the kitchen and kissed Sandra and then me. She kissed me and said, "Welcome home, Daddy."

We unloaded the truck. We took Pat's stuff to Krystn's room. Sandra and Della took Sandra's suitcases and I pulled mine out of the truck. I followed Sandra and Della. When we got inside the house and towards the back of the ground floor Della said, "Nick your stuff goes in there." She pointed to a door. I opened it and it was an office with a big walk in closet. There was no bed. A man married to three women really doesn't need a bed. I hung clothes in the closet and stashed things in the chest of drawers. The dirty laundry I left in the suitcase.

Sandra came in to see what I was doing. We stood in the closet and kissed. When we pulled back a little I saw she was teary.

"Why the tears?"

"It's real. I'm married again and to someone who loves us!" We kissed again.

"And, don't you forget it!" We kissed again.

Sam darted into the room and yelled, "Mommy's kissing Daddy in the closet!" She ran out just as fast. We laughed and heard others laugh. Sandra showed me the bedroom. I had thought it might be one of those super frilly, pink everything bedrooms. It wasn't. The bed was a rustic four poster with massive posts made of rough hewn logs. A mostly green quilt covered the bed. The room was carpeted in chocolate brown. The walls were a complimentary green and the curtains were white eyelet. Country, but not frilly. It felt good.

"As soon as we can, I invite you to stay here with me."

I looked at her and then understood. Margie and Della wanted some time, too. I nodded and kissed her again.

I heard a dinner bell ring. A triangle, like the one my mom used when I was kid. I could hear it all over the neighborhood. Three minutes after it rang the family was all seated at the table. I was a little uncomfortable when I noticed that my place was at the head of the table. The little guys asked questions of us about getting married and about where we went. Mark wanted to know if I was going away again. I promised I was going to live right there a long time.

Sam was sitting next to Pat. She looked at her a lot during dinner and finally asked, "Are you Daddy's sister?"

"No. We met in Pensacola a couple days ago."

Sam ate a bit more of her dinner and then asked, "Are you going to be my Momma too?"

"I think you have enough Mommas."

"We could let you be one too."

"That would be nice, but for now I need to get a job and an apartment."

"Ok. You can come back and be my Mom later."

She smiled at Pat and resumed eating. I smiled. These kids had open hearts. They let me right in. They let Pat in too.

After dinner I got the three house tour. Pat followed along. Sandra guided the tour of the middle house. I saw the three kid's bedrooms and her office, the well appointed kitchen and the living-family room. All the chairs and couches were built to last. The colors and fabrics were more durable than fashionable. It was comfortable and warm.

Next we went to Della's home. The colors were natural autumn colors. Her bedroom was inviting and not frilly. On the bed I saw a silver teddi. The cover of the bed was a quilt of rust, burnt orange and browns. The walls were light brown.

There were two kid's rooms and an office. A smaller kitchen and two bathrooms. Sandra's home had three. The house had rust colors, browns and deep greens. Hardwood floors and country curtains.

We made the trek from Della's to Margie's without walking back through Sandra's. Margie's house was two story too and from the outside looked a lot like Della's. All three were the same colors outside. A dusty forest green with white trim. Inside Margie's house I started to laugh. There were signs on everything! Every chair had a sign on it that said, "Chair." Every window had a sign on it that said, "Window." There were signs everywhere! I looked at Margie and said, "I love this! You are teaching them to read!"

Margie glowed as she led the tour. When we finished the living room and kitchen Sam took over. We got near the door with a sign on it that said, "Sam's Room" and she said, "This is my room." She opened the door and showed us all the signs inside and showed us all her things. I was impressed and said so. Sam beamed. She led us to the other bedroom and when we got to Margie's bedroom she said, "Momma has been working in here so that Daddy will like sleeping in here." 

She opened the door and I thought I could tell that Margie was the most frilly of the three. The dust ruffle around the bottom of her bed was white eyelet and looked like an old fashioned multi-layered petticoat. The curtains were eyelet, but had more ruffle than either Sandra or Della used.

"Did you guys make the curtains and dust ruffles?" I asked.

"Yes, and the quilts." Margie said.

"They are beautiful! You should all be proud of your homes."

"Not too feminine?" Margie asked.

"I'll just bring in a bucket of dirt to make the place look a bit more manly!"

Margie started to raise her hand and I added, "I wouldn't want to change anything about how any of the houses look. That may change after I've been here a while but please remember, I've lived on a Navy base or on a ship for twenty years. This is wonderful."

We went back to Sandra's and sat in the living/family room. The little guys played all over the house. Jim came out of his room and said, "I'd like to go into town for an hour or so. Would that be Ok?"

"Be back before ten?" Sandra asked.

"Sure."

Sandra nodded and he went out the back door. I asked how he would get to town.

"He rides his bike."

Time was spent telling me about Jim's activities and the rules for him. There weren't many rules. He was seventeen and they treated him more as an adult than a kid.

Della told Pat that she would take her to meet her new boss the next day. She told about Betty, the owner and manager of the dry cleaners. Suddenly, Pat put her hand to her mouth and gasped.

"Pat, what's wrong?" Della asked.

"Carl has probably called my mom and she'll be frantic! I need to call her."

Sam ran from the room and came back with a cordless phone. She handed it to Pat, looked at Sandra and said, "It's Ok if she calls her momma, isn't it, momma?"

Sandra nodded and Pat dialed. As she dialed Della said, "If you want some privacy you can use any other room in the house."

"Momma?" "Yes! I left him. Yes, permanently." "I'm with friends near Atlanta." "I have a job and I'm looking for an apartment." "Momma, I'm fine."

She held the phone away from her ear and said, "She wants a number where she can reach me."

"Give her my cell number. Even if Carl gets it, it won't tell him where you are." I said. Pat nodded and we gave Momma the number.

Pat listened on the phone for a long time. The longer she listened the more emotional she became. Finally, I got up and went to the couch where she was sitting and helped her stand. I sat and folded her into my lap. She kept listening and cried onto my chest.

"Yes, momma, I'm still here." "Yes, momma, I've learned a lesson."

I gently took the phone from her and spoke to momma. "Excuse me but we need Pat to help us with a family emergency right now and we need the phone.  Can she call you in a couple days?"

She agreed and I thanked her and hung up.

Pat looked up at me and said, "What family emergency?"

"You. You've had enough for tonight. We need to get you into bed and comfortable for the night."

Krystn said, "Come with me. I can help."

Before she got out of my lap I kissed her, tenderly. She took Krystn's hand and they went upstairs. We watched them go.

"It could be a long night." I said.

"I don't think so. Krystn will get her undressed and into a flannel nightgown, put her in bed and snuggle and comfort her until they both are asleep." Sandra said.

"She'll be fine." Margie said.

"I'll bet Nick is tired too." Della said. "A five day and night honeymoon could make a man tired." Her smile let everyone know that she had staked her claim on me for the night. I had guessed that when I saw the silver teddi on her bed during the tour.


"I am tired, but I feel like I want to make a request."

"What?" Della asked, scooting forward in her chair.

"I wonder if I could see one of you in something sexy and silver before I go to bed?"

Della jumped to her feet and grabbed my hand. "I think that can be arranged!" We left the house to the sound of laughter.

Della had arranged for the two children who lived in her house to stay in Sandra's house for the night. We had her house to ourselves. As soon as we were inside I realized all my clothes were in Sandra's house.

"I'm sorry but I need to go back."

"Why?"

"I didn't bring any clothes for tomorrow."

Della smiled and said, "Let me show you something, would you?"

She led me to her bedroom and opened the closet. At the left end of the closet I saw shirts, pants and a jacket that were not for Della. They were new.

She sat me on the bed and said, "While you were gone we got your sizes from Sandra. We knew that living in a pick up truck you couldn't have much. Margie and I had fun shopping for clothes for you. We kept the tags on in case you don't like something. We can take any of it back."

I noticed that the tags were still on the silver teddi.

"Can you take that back if it makes it hard for me to sleep?"

"I won't wear it when we sleep. That is intended to get you interested."

"You already have me interested! I think it should go back, though. With all our kids there won't be many opportunities to wear it."

"Oh? I think I'll keep it to inspire you to find times for me to wear it."

"I've given that some thought already. Sandra told me how wonderful it was to have some adult time without worrying about waking the kids, or sick kids, or snoopy kids. I took on the project of getting all of us adult time."

"I know. Sandra told us."

She sat on my lap and we kissed. She straddled my legs and we kissed again. Her hands slowly opened the buttons of my shirt, one at a time. I did the same to the buttons on her blouse. As her blouse opened I saw lace. I noticed the lace was a front closure lace, holding her breasts gently.

The blouse opened wider and I saw her nipples poking against the lace. My hands covered her lace covered breasts and I said, "Lace looks good on you."

"It's my favorite."

"Why?"

"Because you're holding me through it. I've been thinking about you loving me ever since we were camping. We have been looking for you for years! Can we go to bed now?"

"Would you like to get undressed first?"

"Race!" She jumped off my lap and her hands became a blur as she undressed. I hurried so she wouldn't need to wait for me for long. She was nude first and helped me get there. She opened the bed and I saw light green sheets waiting for us.

"New sheets?"

"Yes! We all got new sheets! A new husband shouldn't have to sleep on old sheets."

"I like how you think. I hope you don't change your mind in a week."

"Not likely. You jumped right in to save Pat. That says a lot about the kind of man you are. You took care of her just a little while ago, when she was on the phone with her mom. You are a good man." She got in the bed, scooted over and made room for me beside her.

I climbed in and held her. She snuggled against my chest and put her face on my pec. One leg went over mine and she was touching me from lower leg to her face.

"I want you inside me, but right now holding you, being touched by you in my bedroom is perfect. I want to wake up and join with you at the beginning of our first full day as a family. Is that Ok?"

"Yes. Holding you like this, is loving you. Being in bed like this almost has me tearing up. I've never been married to anyone and now I'm married and I have kids with three wonderful women. Is it real?"

"Betchur ass!"

"Then take notice, I have dropped anchor for the last and only time." 

She looked up at me with a tear sliding down her cheek. I kissed it and shut off the bedside lamp. I held her and listened to her breathe until I fell asleep.

I woke before Della did. She was still snuggled against me and her head was still on my chest. I needed to pee but I didn't want to wake her. I liked how she felt and how she sounded breathing softly and slowly. Her arm was across my chest.

A minute passed and she shifted position just a bit. Her legs moved over mine and her hand slid down across my belly and stopped. Another minute passed and her hand went farther down and bumped against my morning hard on.

She moaned softly and moved down to take my hard on into her mouth. I said, "Good morning."

She hummed. "Hhhhmmmmmmm"

I pulled her the rest of the way into a sixty-nine with her on top. She was wet and smelled and tasted really good! We didn't hurry. There was no rush. The hotter she got the lower she dropped her pussy onto my face. I lapped in her juices and sucked on her lips. Her lips were longer than Sandra's, just as sensitive, and sucking on them seemed to inspire her as she worked on my cock and balls.

Her mouth was doing magic to my cock. I tried to slow her down, to make it last, but to no avail. She wanted my load in her mouth. She got her wish. I spewed my juices into her mouth and then I concentrated on bringing her pleasure. She made appreciative noises as she swallowed my load and responded to my tongue. It didn't take long and she arched her back and came! Her sounds were muffled because my cock was still in her mouth.

Della cleaned me up with her mouth and kept at it until I was ready for some other sexual activity. She put herself on her back and said, "My I invite you inside me, my husband?"
