 [Love and sex in a big marriage. Mf, ff, fmf. No anal. Your comments welcome. If you are interested in another possibility for this story line look at "Leaving the Navy" in the bdsm section.]

"How did meeting Betty go, Pat?"

"I like her. There is a small apartment behind the store and I can have it! I need to get a couple things as soon as I can afford it but it is nice already. I start work on Tuesday."

"Since this is Monday, we need to get your stuff into your apartment, don't we?"

"Yes! I was hoping you would take my stuff over in your truck."

"I'd be honored. I'll be the first to see your new place."

"No, Della was first. You'll be the first man."

"Ok. I can live with that. You wanna go now?"

Sandra said, "What things do you want to get for your place?"

"It only has a tiny refrigerator. I want to find a used full sized one so I can have more than one quart of milk in it. I'd like a radio. I'll need to get a broom, cleaning supplies, you know, stuff."

"Nick can stop at the market and you can get all that stuff, as our welcome to town gift."

"Oh, ya'll have done so much already..."

"You're family. Say thank you and stop that other story." I said.

We collected her stuff and loaded it in the truck. When I opened the door to let Pat into the truck Mark climbed in first.

"Whoa! Where do you think you're going?"

"With my Dad!" He was already putting on the middle seat belt. Sandra was standing on the porch and smiled. I let Pat in and then I got in. The three of us went to the dry cleaners. It was a good thing Mark went with us as neither Pat or I knew where the market was or the dry cleaners. Pat had been there but hadn't memorized the how to get there.

When we got to the dry cleaners I told Mark to keep his seat belt on. Inside the dry cleaners wasn't safe enough unless I could hold his hand and I needed to help Pat take her stuff inside. He stuck his lip out but he stayed in the truck.

When we got all her stuff into her apartment I looked around. She needed a few other things that she hadn't mentioned. One was a phone.

She closed the door and came to me. Her arms around my neck she kissed me hard and long.

"Nick, I talked with your wives this morning.  They agree that anytime you and I get together is fine. I want you all to have a key to my apartment. I want you to know you are welcome in my apartment and in my body anytime."

"You talked this over with my wives?"

"Yes! Sandra invited me to consider myself an honorary sister. I already had sex with you and Sandra. Della wants to be invited over to my new home sometime soon. Margie too."

"No wonder Sandra had the big grin when we were leaving. She knew Mark would hinder the acceptance of your invitation. I accept, but not with Mark along."

"Thank you. I've never known anyone like all of you, or any of you."

We kissed again and I squeezed her ass while we kissed. Then, I got back in the truck with Mark and asked him where the DQ was. Ten minutes later we were eating an ice cream cone. Everyone who came in to the DQ knew Mark and he told each one that I was his Dad.

Sandra was sitting on the porch when we got home. She smiled and came to the truck.

"You took him to the DQ."

"Guilty. Is that bad?"

"I've had five phone calls congratulating me on getting married, on finding a Dad for Mark and telling me how nice you are."

"Is that a problem?"

"Not really. One call was from Bob at the newspaper. He wanted to check on some details for a story that will be in the paper this Wednesday. He wanted to know if the rumor was true that we met at a conference earlier this year, that we got married on the Navy base in Pensacola and that it was me you married and not Della or Margie."

"We made the paper, huh? How do you feel about that?"

"He didn't get all that from Mark. When did you talk with Bob?"

"At the barber shop. I didn't know who he was. It was just a few men in a barbershop, talking."

"He likes you. Told me I did good."

"I think it was me that did good."

"Since the word is out, public you might say, we ought to introduce you to the schools so they know you. Let's do that tomorrow. Before the newspaper comes out. Ok?"

"Sure. What was the conference about, anyway?"

"Web site operations."

"Ok. That makes sense for you. Why was I there?"

"Finding out if that was a business you wanted to get into after leaving the service?"

"Oh, you're good. That's a perfect answer. I can add that I found out the business wasn't for me but that I really liked a web mistress."

"Web master."

"I like web mistress."

"I know you do."

"Pat has a nice little apartment."

"Too bad you took Mark along. You could have tested the mattress." She was smiling and her eyes sparkled. 

"Yes, that's true. However, I'll let her settle in a bit first."

"You know she's bi?"

"The way she kisses you I wasn't sure. Not much enthusiasm."

Sandra slugged my arm playfully and then kissed me.

"You know that you're sleeping with Margie tonight."

"No. I like that idea, but I need to check with Margie about it."

"Check with her?"

"I don't know that she wants that. Maybe she'd prefer you, or Della."

"Oh, you should go over to her house right now and check with her. She's alone. Go ask her." Sandra kissed me again and went back into her house.

When I walked into Margie's office she was staring at the monitor. She looked up and smiled.

"I'm glad you're here. I needed a break."

"Can we talk?"

"Sure. Sit."

I sat in a hard backed chair near her desk. She got out of her plush office chair and straddled my legs as she sat on my lap. Her arms went around my shoulders and her lips made firm contact with mine. 'Ok', I thought, 'kisses first, then talk.'

Eventually we stopped kissing and Margie asked, "What did you want to talk about?"

"Sandra told me that I'm staying here with you tonight. I want to make sure that's what you want. I don't want to impose."

"Are you out of your mind? Of course I want you here tonight! In fact I'd like to start spending the night right now!" Her hands started unbuttoning my shirt.

"What about kids?"

"It's one forty two. First one gets home just before three. Just to be sure Mark and other munchkins don't wander in, I'll lock the door." She was off my lap and back in seconds. While she was gone her shirt and bra came off. She sat back on my lap and guided her breast into my mouth.

Margie's breasts are a little larger than either Della's or Sandra's. Probably not a full cup size bigger, but bigger. The areolas were slightly unround, almost like the weight of her breasts had stretched the areolas. As I sucked and played with her nipple with my tongue she held my head pressing her chest into me. 

"Take off the rest, would you please?"

She stood and I stood. Our clothes became two piles on her desk. I sat back down. Margie dropped to her knees and swallowed my growing interest. As soon as I was as hard as she wanted she stood and straddled me again, lowering herself onto my cock. Her arms went back around my shoulders and, as she rocked back and forth with me inside her, we kissed again. I could feel her nipples graze my chest often. My hands held her ass, enjoying the feel of her cheeks and the motion of her against me.

Margie moaned into my mouth. Our tongues danced and our breathing became louder.

I moved my hands from her ass and hooked them under her knees. When I lifted her knees she sank down on my cock even deeper. She moaned into my mouth again and I felt her body starting to tremble. Her back started to arch and she moaned again.

I broke the kiss and said, "Cum! Margie, I love you! Cum for me!" I lowered my mouth to her neck, just below her ear and I kissed her.

She stiffened, screamed and then shook for a long time. I held on. When she started to calm a little I stood up. I held her against me, my arms under her knees and my hands on her sides. Her arms held onto my shoulders.

"Oh God in Heaven! You're sooo deep!"

I turned and let her down onto her desk. My hands held her legs up and wide as I pumped into her.

"Yes! Nick! Deep! Hard! Fill me!"

As I felt my load rush into her I slammed against her hard and froze! Pulse after pulse flew into her and I moaned.

A little while later I felt my juices escaping. Margie grabbed some tissues from her desk and made sure we didn't mess up her papers with our leaks. I helped her off her desk and then replaced the tissues with my mouth. I had very little experience with sucking my mixed juices from a woman but I loved her reaction so it was fine with me to do it. I got most of it.

"Nick, Honey! Stop! Please. I'm so sensitive!"

I stopped. She helped me stand and then she bent over and cleaned our juices from my cock. When she was satisfied she stood and kissed me.

"I love how we taste together. I never liked my juices combined with a man's juices before. Can we do this again tonight?"

"I think I'm already looking forward to it. I'm glad we had this little talk. Maybe we can do it again sometime?"

"It's so much more fun than a coffee break!"

"I agree. Now, back to work." Margie got a towel to sit on and sat back down to resume work. I dressed and kissed her good-bye. I went back to my office to think. I needed an income beyond my Navy retirement. We needed a playhouse for adult getaways.

That evening Margie and I shared dinner with her two kids, Katherine and Susan. They talked non-stop during dinner and then disappeared to take care of baths and such before bed. Margie and I sat in the living room and talked. We were interrupted at least ten times before the girls actually went to bed. I had to kiss them good-night and make sure they were tucked in. I liked doing it.

Back in the living room Margie asked, "We've been asking you questions ever since we met you. Wanna ask any?"

"Yes, and I want to tell you some things as well. I want you to know that the sexiest I have seen you dress is when we were camping and you had on comfortable jeans and a sweatshirt. That isn't a complaint. I want you to know that you're a great cook. I like food that tastes good and is filling. French sauces and fancy presentation won't make points with me as much as good home cookin. I want to know what you want from me as your husband. I want to know how to dress so you feel good being seen with me." I paused and took a breath.

"Jeans and a sweatshirt? Good, cause I love being comfortable. Sandra told us you loved the food at the Cracker Barrel so I got the idea that fancy wasn't your thing. Was the meatloaf Ok tonight?"

"The meatloaf was wonderful! In the Navy I never had it like you made it. Yours is better. If it's Ok with all of you, I'd like to start helping the kids with their homework. Maybe after I figure out how to contribute financially to the clan I won't have as much time, but right now I think I can contribute best by helping the kids."

"We'd love that. We don't need your money. Use your money to take care of us, love us. We have enough money that we could retire now and never work another day. We work because we love it and it makes a difference to the kids."

"To the kids?"

"If they were being raised by three parents who didn't work their idea of what adults do would be skewed forever. This way they grow up knowing that adults work. You need to work at something, but not because we need the money."

"Ok. What else can I do?"

"Keep working on the honey-do list. Jim loves learning from you. We've had a tough time convincing him to go to college. Maybe you can influence him."

"Is there a college near here?"

"About ten miles away. A community college."

"I'll get Jim to show me where it is and I'll sign up for some classes. I never finished college and there are lots of things I'd like to know more about."

"I'd like to know how it feels to sleep next to you, Nick. Even more than that I want to know what it's like to wake up next to you. Can we go to bed?"

"Della told me that I have clothes in all three houses. I believed her. Do I have clean clothes here for tomorrow?"

"Yup. Picked them out myself. Come on, I'll show you."

One section of her big closet was mine. As I looked at what she bought she undressed and took care of her nightly ritual. I let her finish and then took my turn. In bed we took our time and joined with lots of exploration and lots of kisses. Twice she stopped me from falling asleep, after we joined, so she could inspire me again.

Waking up because two little girls pounce on the bed was a new experience. The good-morning kisses were a new experience too and I decided I liked both. The girls went off to get ready for school and Margie threw on a big t-shirt and headed to the kitchen to make breakfast. I shaved, brushed my teeth and dressed. Della had bought Levis for me. Margie bought Lee's. I was used to Levis but noticed I liked the way the Lee's fit. Dressed in new clothes I joined the girls for breakfast.

It was a cold morning and a bit windy so I volunteered to drive the girls to school. Margie recommended I go in and meet their teachers and the principal. Maybe they would give me some assistance with how I could help with the homework.

Neither Susan or Katherine had ridden in my truck. They were excited that I was taking them to school. At the school they paraded me along the scenic route to the office so lots of kids could see them with their new Dad. I didn't mind. I met Mr. Gardner, the principal and he took me to meet Susan's teacher and then Katherine's. When I left the school I had a copy of their assignments for the next month and each of the books they used at school.

As I drove home I saw a man cleaning his boat in his driveway. It was about a twenty-four foot cabin cruiser. I stopped and walked up to him.

"Hi. I'm Nick and I'm new to the area."

"Hi. Paul. What can I do for you?"

"We're a long ways from the Atlantic. Is there a lake or river nearby?"

"Yup." Half an hour later I had a map and a good idea about how to use the information I learned from Paul. I stopped at home and asked all three women if anyone wanted to go exploring with me. Margie wanted to go. While I waited for her to get ready the phone rang. It was Pat and she wondered if she could spend her day off with us. I told her I would pick her up in about half an hour. I hinted that she should wear hiking boots or good walking shoes.

Margie and I got in the truck and she gave me directions to the dry cleaners. Pat was waiting out front, sitting on the curb. Jeans and sweatshirts were the uniform of the day for both ladies. I smiled and thought about how lucky I was.

Forty minutes after Pat got in the truck we were at the marina at the lake Paul had described. We wandered around looking at boats and talking for about half an hour. Then one of the workers at the marina came up to us and asked if he could help.

"Do you also sell boats?" I asked.

"Yes! What are you looking for?"

"Either a good sized cabin cruiser or a houseboat."

"New or used?"

"Old, if one is available."

"You were a Navy man?"

"Yes."

"You want a project boat. If you will wait for about five minutes I'll take you where we have just what I think you're looking for. We have a repair and storage facility and I'll take us there."

He walked off to get the keys to a boat and while he was gone Margie asked, "You really are thinking about buying a boat?"

"Yes. Think of this: In a boat, out far from shore. No kids, no phones, no computers. A bed, a deck, and naked bodies."

"Oh! A play boat."

"And a place the kids can earn time on. Getting good grades could mean a weekend out on the boat. Fishing, waterskiing, playing. They get to learn all about boats fishing and all that stuff. Jim gets to learn about fixing up a boat."

The man came back and got us aboard a 22' runabout for the ride to the repair and storage facility. Ten quick minutes and I saw it: a thirty foot houseboat. It needed lots of work. Half an hour of examination and I made the man an offer. I cut a deal with him that I would buy whatever I needed from him, if he had it in stock, in turn he wouldn't charge me dock fees until summer.

He went for it. From the look of the boat I was pretty sure he would. The engine was inboard but wouldn't even turn over. The problem could have been a battery, or it could have been worse. We went back to the marina office and did paperwork. By lunchtime the boat was ours. We bought sandwiches, three lawn chairs, sodas and drove back to the repair facility. We ate our lunch inside the houseboat. After we ate Pat and Margie helped me make a list of what needed to happen in the houseboat over the winter. One list was for making the boat fit to leave the dock. One list was to make the inside livable. One list was to make the boat presentable on the outside.

As we checked out the boat Pat found a locker with two sets of sheets, still in their wrappers from the store. Pat made one of the beds. She found Margie and me out on the stern, looking at how secure the railing was. She waited until Margie had made some notes for me, then she asked Margie to step inside for a moment. 

Inside she positioned Margie where no one outside the boat could see them and she kissed Margie. She told her she wanted to show her how much fun the boat would be for them. Pat held Margie's hand and led her to the cabin with a made bed in it. She lifted Margie's sweatshirt, uncovering a black lace bra. They kissed and Margie lifted Pat's sweatshirt. She had on a white jogbra.

"Are we inviting my husband to this party or is he just the owner of the boat?"

"I would like to have some time with just you and me, then invite Nick to join us. Ok?"

"Nick, go drink a beverage, please. We're going to see how the boat rocks."

I made noise as I went to the kitchen and sat on one of the lawn chairs. When I heard sex noises coming from the cabin I walked quietly to the door and watched.

My first look showed both women on the bed nude laying side by side on their sides in a sixty-nine. Because of their position on the bed relative to me neither could see me standing there. They made wet noises, moans, chirps, and groans as they ate each other. Their hands and arms were holding each other and I could clearly see that one of Pat's hands was squeezing Margie's ass.

In my past the sight of someone else having sex with my woman would have made me crazy. Something in me had changed over the last couple of years. I watched Pat and Margie together and there was no jealousy, no upset, no anger. I was turned on, hard to the point of uncomfortable, and excited. I undressed just outside the cabin and stopped myself from masturbating as I watched. I wanted to save any action for being inside one or both women.

Margie stiffened and moaned as loudly as was possible with her mouth still clamped on Pat's pussy. Pat kept her face in Margie's pussy and encouraged Margie to continue to cum. A few seconds later, Pat shook and shook hard! She pulled her face back from Margie's pussy and saw me. She winked. The hand that had been squeezing Margie's ass lifted from her ass and beckoned me forward. I walked into the cabin and to Pat's face, leading with my dick.

She guided me directly into Margie's open, wet opening. I slid in easily and heard Margie say, "Hi sailor!" When I pulled back Pat licked the juices off my cock. When I was in Margie deep Pat sucked my balls. The feelings were incredible. Margie must have been doing something with her hands and mouth because Pat started shaking again and came hard with one of my nuts in her mouth. 

Slowly I pulled out of Margie and pushed into Pat's mouth. She put a hand on my ass and pushed me deeper into her mouth. When I was completely in she sucked hard. I stroked in and out a few times, then pulled all the way out and back into Margie. Instead of slow strokes in Margie I pumped hard, reaching between the two women and grabbing Margie's tit. I squeezed it hard. I felt Pat stroking Margie's clit and bumping against my cock as I pushed into Margie.
