  [Hopefully, you read enough of the story that you will easily be comfortable with a man "married" to three sisters and in relationship with another adult woman. This is fiction. I have no personal history of being "married" to four women. There is sex in this family and it isn't always vanilla. It is all loving. As always your votes and comments are encouraged.]

*

On Tuesday I found a note on my desk telling me that my wives wanted a meeting that evening at Della's. We would get the kids bedded down and then meet. I had dinner with Margie and then helped get kids bedded down.

At a little after nine Margie, Sandra, Della, Pat and I were in Della's living room. I was the only one that didn't know what the meeting was about. Della solved that.

"Jim's birthday is in just over three weeks. We know what the big gift is, his car. We need to talk about what else we want to do for his birthday."

At that moment Krystn walked into the room. I had seen her half an hour before in a nightgown. Now she was in shorts and a t-shirt. She looked unhappy.

"I know I wasn't invited to this family meeting. I know I have never been invited to a meeting of the adults in this family. I know you are my Moms and my Dad and you probably see me as the little girl I used to be. I'm not. I'm sixteen and I'm a good mom to the little guys, a good student, a good sister and I want you to treat me as a woman."

"Are you a woman?" I asked.

"Yes!" Her hands made fists and even though she didn't raise them I noticed. She was in a fight for her adulthood.

"So, Woman, have a seat. We were about to discuss Jim's birthday."

"I know. The only one in the family that doesn't know about the car is Jim. Every one of the little guys is so proud to be in on the secret they are bursting."

"Do you have any ideas for the celebration?"

"Yes, I do. I know Jim has friends all over town, at school and here at home. Our parties have always been inside the family parties. Because we aren't a normal family you tend not to socialize in the town, but Jim and I do. I want to have a pot-luck picnic at the park for his birthday. I will make fliers and put them all over town inviting people to come and celebrate Jim turning eighteen."

Della looked at Krystn like she was an alien. "You want to invite the whole town?"

"Yes, Mom. And, I think almost everyone will come. Jim is well liked all over. Having a picnic won't cost much because it's pot-luck. He can park his new car right there and show off all day long. It will give everyone a chance to be with him and us."

"Wow! I'm impressed. I never would have thought of going so big. I like the idea. Ladies, what do you think?"

No one could think of a single reason not to do it so it was decided we would have the picnic. Krystn jumped up and ran out of the room. She was back in seconds. She had already made the fliers on different colors of paper and they were ready to be passed out. She showed us the permit she got from City Hall so we could have a big celebration at the park. 

By ten-thirty the meeting was over and I was in bed with Margie. I was thinking about Krystn demanding to be seen as a woman, having taken the initiative and prepared for her brother's birthday and how she had dressed to come to the meeting. Coming in a nightgown would have said that she was still a girl, not a woman.

"We've been waiting for Krystn to do that." Margie said.

"You read minds too?"

"What she did tonight was pretty impressive. I would have been surprised if you hadn't been thinking about her. We have waited for her to assert herself as a woman. It's something she had to do for herself. I am so proud of her! She did it by wanting to celebrate her brother."

"She loves him."

"Yes. And for her eighteenth birthday she wants to borrow the HB and Jim. She will give him her virginity and pledge her love to him forever."

"How do you Mom's feel about that?"

"We've had lots of time to get used to the idea. They have loved each other since they were toddlers. He has protected her and played with her and been there for her all her life. She followed him around like a puppy for years. None of his friends ever made fun of them. On the campout where we met you, she sucked him and he touched her pussy for the first time. They haven't gone all the way. Question is, how does their Dad feel about it?"

"I want them to wait. I'd actually like it if both of them explored the world a bit before they decide on a life mate. And, I can see that it will be tough to find someone else who can accept the way the family is as easily as they do."

"I love you, Nick. Thanks for not having a knee jerk reaction."

"I have a bum knee, remember? It doesn't jerk easily."

Like most mornings that I woke up with Margie her head was on my chest when I opened my eyes. We were awakened by two young girls bouncing on our bed.

"Momma, Daddy get up! You need to take us to school!"

We got up, dressed and I drove them to school. I noticed some fliers peeking out of their backpacks. On the way back from school I stopped at the hardware store. Taped to the front door was a blue flier inviting the town to Jim's birthday. Krystn must have left the house quite early.

Mike, the owner of the hardware store, told me he and his family would be at the picnic. He got me to promise I would taste some of his wife's potato salad.

At the supermarket the flier was on both doors. The manager and all three checkers told me they would be there and told me what a great kid Jim was. The manager told me the market was donating all the ice for drinks and ten cases of sodas for the picnic. 

From the market I went home. I sent Margie out after lunch to get something for me from the drug store. She came back astounded by the response she encountered in town. I began thinking Krystn was right, the whole town would be there.

Krystn came home from school and found me. "Dad, I need your help."

"What do you need?"

"I've got six of my friends to help me decorate the park, but we don't have anything to decorate it with. We need balloons, streamers, plastic tablecloths, stuff."

"And you want money?"

"No! I have money. I need you to drive me to Atlanta to a big party store and let me get the stuff I need."

"Can we go tomorrow after school?"

"I get out early tomorrow. We could go at one. Is that Ok?"

"Yes. I'll pick you up in front of the school at one."

"Great! Can one of my friends come with us?"

"Sure. Give me her phone number, I want to check with her Mom that it's Ok."

She handed me a card with the name and number printed on it. "I knew you'd want it." She danced off, totally pleased with herself. I called and spoke to Sarah's mother. She had heard all about the picnic and Oked her daughter going to Atlanta with us. She was sending a note with Sarah to school so the school knew it was Ok.

As Sandra started towards the kitchen I said I wanted to take Krystn out for dinner. Sandra asked if I had asked Krystn. I hadn't. She told me to go ask and let her know so she knew how much dinner to make.

At the top of the stairs I said, "Krystn."

She came out of her room in a t-shirt and panties. "Dad?"

"I would like to go out for dinner tonight with just you and me. Would you go with me?"

"Why me? You usually take one of the mommas."

"I have become aware that a new woman lives here. I want to get to know her better. Going to dinner means it will be private, no listening ears, no interruptions. Adults go to dinner sometimes."

"Ok. Where?"

"You call it."

"Vitorio's?"

"Wonderful."

"I can be ready by six-thirty."

"Should I call for a reservation?"

"I don't know. I know grown-ups eat there."

"I'll call. What shall I wear?"

"The ad in the phone book says the dress code is clean cowboy. I want to wear a dress."

"What color?"

"Blue."

"Ok. I'll meet you downstairs at six-thirty." We both turned and I went downstairs. Margie met me at the bottom of the stairs.

"Your reservation is for seven. If it's nice maybe you'll take an older woman out to eat there sometime?"

"If I want to eat an older woman I don't need to go out." She hit me.

Then we kissed and I thought about moving dinner back to seven-thirty. She shooed me to our bedroom so I could get "cowboy clean" in time for my date.

At six-thirty Krystn came downstairs and I was amazed. She was a woman. She wore a dress that was mature but not old. Lots of leg showing and enough chest to assure anyone seeing her knew she had breasts. Two inch heels. I wore navy slacks, a pale blue shirt a leather sport coat and my ostrich boots and belt.

On the way out I kissed Margie and Sandra. Later I found out that Della would have been there too but she was on the phone with a client.

At the truck I held the door for Krystn. She sat next to me on the bench seat. When she held my arm I looked at her, then back at the road.

"Every time momma is in the truck with you she holds your arm."

"Momma is my wife. You aren't. I like having you sit close and hold my arm and I want you clear that I'm Dad. I may be new in the job but I know there need to be boundaries. For example, I'm Ok seeing you in t-shirt and panties like when I came upstairs a while ago. I don't want to see you nude. There is nothing wrong with your body, it's just something I request as a way of us reminding ourselves that you are a woman who lives with me but are not a wife."

"Ok. Do you think I look nice?"

"I think you are incredibly beautiful. You have everything an intelligent, powerful young man could want, if he has any maturity. I think we both know there is a young man who already has his eyes on you and knows just how many days there are until you are eighteen."

"Three hundred eighty one."

"So, a year from next month we can have another big picnic?"

"No. I just want to slip out of town to somewhere quiet and let Jim give me what I've wanted for years."

"Keep talking like that and you'll make an old guy blush."

"Let's change the subject. I want you to help me with the future."

Our conversation for the rest of the evening was about the future, our food, her future, Jim's future, our food and about where she and Jim could ever live besides right where they lived. It was after nine when I got her home. I kissed her forehead and sent her into the house.

I went back to my office and rolled a die. It came up Sandra. I knocked on her door and asked, "Do you know a place where a tired sailor can sleep tonight?"

The answer was giggles. The door opened and it was Della. She opened the door wide and I saw Sandra tied to the bed, a ball gag in her mouth. She had pink marks on her belly and breasts from the flogger her sister held in her hand.

"Would you like to come in?" Della asked. I nodded and entered. She locked the door behind me.

She whispered to me, "As you can see we are in the middle of a little fun. Since you are our husband you may take over if you would like."

"I would like. Is there another ball gag?" She nodded and got it. Before I asked she put in on. "Strip." She did.

"Lie next to your sister, face up, legs spread."

She assumed the position. I moved Della's hands to her sister's and told them to hold each other. I stripped. As I did they both watched.

In a soft voice I said, "I need to talk to both of you. It is about our other wife, Pat." I drew close to Della and used my hard cock to slap her breast. I walked around the bed and slapped Sandra's breast and then I said, "If you love her, nod your head." They both nodded.

"I don't like it that she is your sister, my wife and she lives somewhere else. Does that bother you?" They both nodded.

I pulled on their nipples. My finger and thumb pinched just below the nipple on the areola and pulled. The both winced and their eyes pleaded with me. Neither made a sound.

"We have three houses here. It seems to me we can solve this dilemma. Agree?"

As they nodded I moved their nipples in the same pattern, toward her chin and toward her pussy.

"Do you have an idea where she could live besides at the dry cleaners?"

Della nodded. I released her nipple and said, "Remove your ball gag. Tell me where she could live."

She removed the ball gag and said, "In my house. Just across the hall from my room is a spare bedroom. We could clean it out and move her in."

My finger and thumb still held Sandra's nipple. A tear slid down from her eye. "Sandra, do you think this will work?"

She shook her head. I released her nipple and released the ball gag. "Why not?"

"She doesn't have a car. She still needs a way to get to work."

Two fingers from each of my hands went inside their pussies. When I found their g-spots I said, "You can cum when we have solved the problem. If you cum and we don't have a solution I will punish you severely."

It is very difficult to concentrate on a problem when the g-spot is being stroked. They squirmed on the bed. Finally Della said, "I'll give her my car!"

"Very good. Untie Sandra." Her hands untied Sandra's hands. "Sandra suck as hard as you can on Della's tit." My fingers kept stroking her g-spot and Sandra's. They tensed and when Sandra sucked hard on Della she came. A few seconds after her Sandra came. I pulled my fingers out of both of them.

"Sandra clean up your sister, please. Tell me where I should fuck your sister, in her pussy or her ass?"

"In her ass!" 

"You can lick her clit as I fuck her ass. Your fate for not solving the problem is that I will not fuck you tonight. If you can cum by Della sucking you, you may cum. Now position yourselves so I can have Della's ass while you lick her clit."

Sandra stayed on her back. Della straddled her face and her ass opened for me. I stood beside the bed and slid into Sandra's mouth. She got me slippery and I added to her saliva by pumping into Della's pussy a few times. I realigned and pressed against her ass.

"Yes, Nick. Fill me up!" Della said.

Sandra watched as I pushed into her sister all the way. She lifted her head and licked my balls and then as I pulled back she licked her sister's clit. Della lowered her face to Sandra's cunt and licked.

We established a beat and Sandra began to shake. Della was moaning and shoving back against me as I pushed into her ass. Della said, "I'm close! Oh God! Oh God!" All the other things she said were not words. Grunts, moans, squeaks and screams.

We cleaned up and Della went home. Sandra and I went to bed. I spooned against her and softly asked, "Are you disappointed that I didn't fuck you?"

"Yes and No. Yes, because I love how it feels when you're inside me. No, because I know you'll have something special for me sometime too."

I rolled over on top of her and she opened her legs to make my being there more comfortable. "I'm not going to fuck you. It will feel like I'm fucking you. If you could watch you would see that I'm not fucking you, but you cannot look. Understand?"

"It will feel like you're fucking me, but you won't be. Is that some kind of magic?"

"Yes. Magic I learned in the Navy. Keep your eyes closed."

I positioned my hard cock at her wet opening and slid inside her. "It feels like my cock is inside you. Can you feel it?"

"Yes, Nick! I feel you inside me."

"You will feel like I'm pulling back and then going deep inside you again. Tell me what you feel."

"Nick, I feel you pulling back. Please don't pull all the way out." I stopped and started back inside her.

"I'm squeezing my pussy around your cock. Oh Honey, you feel so good inside me."

"It will feel like I'm going faster. Spread your legs so it feels like I'm going deeper as well."

"Yes! I feel it. Will I feel you cum inside me?"

"It will feel like I cum inside you. I'm not inside you."

"Harder! Oh sweet Jesus! May I cum, Nick?"

"Yes! Cum for me!"

She did. She kept her eyes closed and I pumped inside of her. When I pulled out she thanked me for using magic on her. I touched her lips with my cock and she cleaned me with her mouth. Then she thanked me again.

As we again snuggled in the bed I said, "One more aspect of the magic is that you may feel a wet spot. Don't worry about it. It isn't really there."

Just before we were asleep she said, "I love magic."

At breakfast Della announced that she needed help for an hour or so to change the empty storage room in her house to a usable bedroom. Krystn asked who it was for. 

"Are we getting a new foster kid?"

"No. Pat is our sister and Nick's honorary wife. She needs to live here. She only works until noon today so one of us needs to go get her at noon. Then we can show her the room and ask her if she wants to move in."

"How will she get to work? She doesn't have a car."

Della answered, "Until she gets her own, she will use mine."

"Oh. Ok." Krystn got up from the table and went to school. I helped clear out the room for Della and then left to get Krystn and Sarah from school. Two hours later we walked into the store in Atlanta. The girls went gathering and I gave the store manager a hundred dollar bill.

"When they pay the bill you give them a hundred dollars off. You give them the discount. Not me."

"You're their Dad?" I nodded. He smiled and asked what the decorations were for.

"Krystn's brother is turning eighteen. Krystn invited the whole town to a pot-luck party."

"Gotcha!"

They filled two carts with stuff. When they got to the checkout the manager started ringing up the stuff. They stood off to the side and counted their money. When the man finished the first cart he said, "What kind of wild party are you getting all this stuff for?"

Krystn beamed as she said, "My big brother is turning eighteen! He's a great guy and I want the whole town to celebrate!"

"And you're buying all this stuff, not Dad?"

"Dad is our driver. Sarah and I hit up all our friends and my piggy bank to buy this stuff."

He totaled the two carts and announced the total: Six hundred eighty six dollars and change. Their faces fell. He hesitated a second and said, "Wait a second. I didn't give you your discount." He started punching keys on a calculator and stopped. "Are my wife and kids invited?"

Both girls nodded. His fingers danced on the calculator some more. "Can I take pictures?" They nodded some more. He hit more keys and announced the new total. "One hundred ninety two dollars even."

Krystn started to smile, then stopped. "No one gives a discount that big. That's two thirds off!"

I will use the pictures as advertising for years. I will have video of ya'll having a great party. I'll make the discount back before the summer is over. And, I'm tossing in a little extra because I wish my sister thought as much of me as you think of your brother."

Both girls paid him and kissed him on the cheek. They never stopped talking all the way home. Sarah brought her Mom and Dad out to meet me and to see all the stuff they bought. They told them about the discount and while they gushed all over Sarah's Dad slipped a hundred dollar bill into my pocket. They volunteered to help decorate. Krystn accepted and told them when the decorating would start.

At home we transferred the supplies into Sandra's garage. When we went inside the house Sandra, Della and Pat were sitting at the table. Pat got up and came to me. She hugged me and kissed me soundly. Krystn laughed and said, "Get a room!"

Pat looked at her and said, "I have one. I'm inviting my husband to come see it."

To play along I said, "Can it wait until after I get some food. I just drove to Atlanta and back. I don't want to drive you home right now."

Pat got a strange look on her face and Krystn burst out laughing. "Dad knows you have a room in Della's house. He and Della spent part of the morning cleaning it out for you."

She brightened and asked again, "Would you like to see my new home?"
