 [The further adventures of the family. It is recommended you read the first seven chapters before reading this one. Without all that background a reader might suffer from confusion, disorientation and possible muscle contractions. You are invited to comment and vote.]


It was strange having Jim and Krystn both gone for the weekend. Mark asked about them every time he thought about either of them. Sam asked why they needed to be gone so long. Sandra muttered under her breath about suddenly being old. I laughed, internally, at the notion that at any age after twenty-five a single year would make a difference and I laughed at how well Krystn had handled the whole thing.

More than once I walked out to my truck fully intending to drive to the lake. I didn't. Even if they didn't see me I'd know I violated their privacy. 

Pat put a small piece of tape over her names on the sleep die. On Saturday night I rolled three times to find out where I was sleeping. I knocked on Margie's door and she called out, "Come on in."

Her room was lit by a single bedside lamp with a small watt bulb in it. She was in bed. The smell of a smudge stick of sage lingered in the air.

"I want to shower and smell good and be smooth for you Margie. Would you like to join me in the water?"

"No, unless you really want me to, I'd rather lie here and wait for you. I'm warm and comfortable. Just don't take too long, sailor."

"I'll be there soon."

I shaved, showered and dried as quickly as I could and when I left the bathroom I moved to her side and kissed her.

"Can we talk, Master?"

It had been a while since she had used that word. The signal was clear, Pay attention.

"Yes, you may speak."

"I am feeling a little neglected. I know you love me. I know you love all of us. I know being Dad to all the kids must be tough and especially with Krystn and Jim suddenly being older."

"Not to mention finding out one of my wives is thirty-six."

"Let's not talk about that. That hit me hard. How could I lose a year?"

I left the silence in place and waited.

"I need more of you than I have a right to ask for. And, I'm asking."

"Alone time, play time, more bed time, a trip, camping? What would you like?"

"For the next five weeks each of us could make ourselves available for a weekend. We could each plan for some time to do what will take care of us. I want to go camping with just you. Maybe we could use the houseboat. I asked first so I want to be first. Can we go next weekend?

"You want to use the houseboat and just concentrate on nurturing you for two days?"

"Yes. Is that selfish of me?"

"No. Margie, I'd love to take you away from everything next weekend. During the week I'll get everything we'll need for the weekend. I'll get the food and I'll cook. I'll get a gallon of sunscreen and I promise to slather it on you often. We'll leave Friday afternoon. Would you go with me?"

"Is that what you want or are you just doing it because I asked?"

"I have been thinking about just such a weekend away but wasn't sure when to ask."

"That might be a big lie, but I accept."

"Shall I surprise you with arrangements or do you want to know what's cumming?"

"Coming or cumming?"

"Yes."

"Surprise me."

We kissed, she turned so we could spoon and we fell asleep. As the digital clock showed 4:18am I got up, used the bathroom and returned to bed. Margie turned as I got back in and swallowed my flaccid penis. It quickly understood the task given and grew to appreciate it.

"Nick, fuck my throat, please."

I got out of bed and she hung her head off the edge so she was face up. She used her hands to position my cock so I could mimic fucking motions in her mouth and throat rather than in her pussy.

Her hands held my hips and pulled me in and pushed me back. I loved watching my hardness slide into her mouth, deeper and deeper. The first time I bumped her uvula she gagged and held me in place as she fought to be in control of her own body. Ten strokes later I felt the head of my cock pass into her throat and she didn't gag.

She was in control. My motions were at her direction. I made noises and encouraged her. My hands pinched her breasts and eventually focused on her areola and nipples. My balls hit her between her eyes at the depth of each stoke.

Each stroke was wonderful. Her body began to shake and I pinched harder. Her noises were muffled by my cock in her mouth. She felt my cock swell and the pulsing of the muscles propelling my spunk into her mouth. She held my hips with her hands and sucked hard as I shot my load. My knees weakened and I saw stars. It didn't matter if my eyes were open or closed.

We cuddled and fell back asleep and two hours later our bedroom door opened and Sam jumped on the bed to wake us up. "Time to get up! I'm dressed for school already."

We got up and Sam went to the kitchen to eat. I pulled on some jeans and made breakfast and started the coffee. I looked out the kitchen window and saw Pat drive away, headed for the dry cleaners. While Sam ate and Mark joined her I went back in and showered and put clean duds on so I could drive Sam to school.

In the truck Sam asked, "How come I have pajamas, Mark has pajamas, Krystn has pajamas but you, Jim, and all the mommas sleep naked when you sleep with them?"

I thought a while before I answered. "I like the feel of Momma's skin touching mine. I don't like waking up with my clothes all twisted and feeling like I'm tied in a knot. Maybe your mommas like the feel of my skin too."

"Oh." No more was said. When we arrived at school Sam started to laugh. The gate was closed. Not a single child was on the playground. Sam laughed all the way back home. She knew it was Sunday.

As I parked I asked her why she let me drive her to school on a Sunday. "I like talking to you when it's just us." She climbed down and ran into the house. I got out and went inside. Margie met me with a fresh cup of coffee.

"She tricked you, didn't she?"

"Yup. Hook, line and sinker. She'll giggle all day."

"She couldn't wait to tell me what she had done." Margie kissed me and grabbed my butt. 

"I'm glad I made her happy."

"You make me happy too."

"I'm glad. Anything I can do here before I get to the Honey-Do list?"

"I'm good." We kissed again and I went to my office to check the list. I noticed that I was able to identify the different handwriting of my wives on the list. Pat had only one item on the list. She wanted me to find a way to make her rocking chair more comfortable.

On a site I found for chatting about pregnancy I posted a question about making a rocker more comfortable. Then I went to Della's and repaired a dripping diverter valve in the downstairs shower. When I got back there was an answer waiting for me. It gave me the name, address, email, web site and phone number for a place where I could get padded seat and back support for her chair. They were about a forty minute drive from us. I got them on the phone and found out they had six different patterns and colors. 

I asked Sandra, then Della if they could go with me to pick the right one for Pat. Then we asked Margie if she wanted to go. Margie stayed home with the troops and the rest of us went. In the store they looked over the colors and patterns and ten minutes later we were headed home. 

We stopped for lunch at a place called The Diner. While we ate I said, "I asked Margie if I could take her away for this next weekend. I'd like to take each of you away for a weekend. Interested?"

Sandra spoke first, "Where?"

"Where would you like us to go?"

"I read yesterday about a Bar-b-que contest at the end of the month in Lake Wales Florida. I'd love to go. We could eat great bar-b-que and get some wonderful recipes too."

"Now that sounds like great fun! But, where is Lake Wales?"

"Just south of Orlando. It's just over four hundred fifty miles from here."

"I'm in. I'll check to be sure but my thought is that we could fry from Atlanta and rent a car in Orlando. What'cha think?"

"You're really willing to go that far for a weekend?"

"Do I get to be with you?"

"Well, yeah."

"Will I starve?"

"No."

"Will you want sex too?"

"I suppose." She was grinning. So were Della and I.

"Then yes, I'm willing to sacrifice and have a weekend of joy with you." I turned and looked for a moment at Della. "And, what about you?"

"I need to think about it. Where is Margie going?"

"She wants a weekend where there are no computers, no phones and lots of water. We'll go out on the houseboat."

"Both those weekends sound great. Let me do some thinking."

Back in the truck Della asked, "What about Pat? Does she get a weekend too?"

"Of course. I'll find someplace that caters to uncomfortable, waddling women and take her there."

"If you said that to her she'd cry for two days." Della said.

"Don't get me wrong. I love her and will do anything I can to have her pregnancy be as easy as I can. It's just that since she hit four months she has avoided me like she's mad at me for having done this to her."

"She misses you, too. She's just afraid that if she gets close to you you'll want sex. It would kill her to say no and she's afraid it would kill her to have sex. I talked to her a couple nights ago when I heard her crying. I told her how sex wouldn't kill her but she still is scared." Della said.

"What can I do?"

"Take a big bottle of massage lotion and go to her. Promise you won't take your jeans off and massage her back, hips and shoulders. Tuck her in bed and then massage her feet." Sandra said.

They both had a look on their face that said what they described was heaven for them when they were pregnant. I was in.

When we got home I put the pads on Pat's rocker. Della sat in it and pronounced it perfection. I went back to the office and checked that item of the Honey-Do list. At five that afternoon my phone rang. Caller ID said the call was from Montana.

"This is Nick."

"This is Jenny. How are you?"

"Doing Ok. You?"

"I have what I hope will be good news for you. Jim is enrolled and I have a job for him."

"That's wonderful."

"However, he needs to be here next weekend. The job is helping out on a local ranch until September when school starts. In September he can leave the ranch and move in here with me and the kids."

"That sounds good to me, but I'm not Jim. He'll be home tomorrow morning let me have him call you and you can talk it through. I'm so grateful for all you've done. Thanks."

"Ok. I have tomorrow off, so have him call me here at home."

"Right. Thanks, Jenny. You're great."

"Bye."

"Bye. I love you."

The line went dead. Jim was about to face another huge dilemma. Making choices gets harder as we get older, sometimes.

When I heard Pat's car stop in the driveway I went out and met her in the driveway. She had a bag from the cleaners and I took the clothes from her and followed her inside. At her room she turned and said, "I'll take it from here."

"What is my name?"

"Nick. What's going on?"

"I'm thinking you're confused. For weeks I've been getting the cold shoulder from you. You must be thinking my name is Carl, or Joe, or Fred or something other than Nick. You won't let me hang up your dry cleaning."

"You haven't done anything wrong! It's me. I'm fat. I'm ugly. I'm grumpy and my back hurts, my feet hurt, I'm tired."

"Do you remember when we were courting and I told you I only loved you because of the flatness of your belly?"

"Courting? You saved my life and I've been in love with you ever since."

"So you don't remember me telling you to never put on ten pounds, or twenty?"

"You never said that."

"You treat me as if I said it! I should get a t-shirt made that says "I'm not who you think I am" on it."

She came to me and hugged me. Tears ran down her cheeks. "I'm sorry. I'm so afraid. I'm a wreck!"

I reached across the hallway and knocked on Della's door. She opened it and I said, "Della honey, could you gather the rest of the family for us? We need a meeting as soon as possible."

She nodded and as she headed for the stairs she said, "In our living room. Fifteen minutes." Then she was gone.

I opened the door to Pat's room and without letting go I took her inside and put the clothes in her closet. She saw the rocker and burst into tears again. I put her in it. She kept crying. I went to work. I turned down her bed, opened the curtains and window to get some fresh air into the room.

When I faced her she was sitting in the rocker watching my every move. I extended my hand and she took it. I lifted her and helped her walk to the living room.

The whole family was there. I put Pat on the couch and she looked at everyone like she was a bad little girl. Mark stood beside her knees and stroked her legs. Then he leaned in and kissed her belly. Softly he said, "I'm Mark. I'm your brother. I'm gonna take care of you."

I spoke, "Starting today. Mark's right. Pat has been caring for Fido since before we knew she was pregnant. She has acted like she's the one pregnant and we should let her do everything. We let her do it. That's over."

Margie piped up. "Isn't it her choice?"

"It was. Then I realized that she was robbing every one of us! I'm so mad I could... I could... I don't know what. She has cheated me of sleeping spooned up behind her, of carrying her dry cleaning, massaging her tired feet and back."

"I didn't!"

"Yes, you did. In this family we are together. Jim and Krystn have been gone since Friday. How many of you have thought about them since they left?"

Every hand raised.

"Pat comes home from work and goes to her room. She comes out long enough to get food and then the next morning she leaves for work. Right across the hall is Della's room. Della, what did she wear to work yesterday?"

"I don't know. I never saw her yesterday."

"Sweetheart, (I pointed at Pat) this must stop. I want to be a part of this pregnancy! Mark wants to talk to the baby every day. Sam wants to give the baby advice. All of us want to care for you. If the baby kicks or does somersaults I want a phone call, a shout, a visit saying "Feel this."

"You do?" All of us nodded, except Mark who put his hands on Pat's belly and said, "Roll over, Fido!" We all started to laugh, Mark jumped and said, "I felt him move!"

When we all calmed down from our laughter Pat said, "I'm sorry. I retreated. All my life when I've been uncomfortable I retreat. I'll need help not to do it again."

"Ok. Tonight I recommend we all eat together. No more meals in your room. Tonight I stay in your room. In the morning..."

Della added, "I'll take you to work."

Sandra added, "And I'll pick you up after work."

Sam said, "I know where the dry cleaners is. I'll go with Momma Sandra to bring Momma Pat home."

The meeting was over. Half an hour later we were all back together eating the dinners from all three houses together. The baby did some flips and kicks and all of us got to feel it move. 

By eight the kids were shepherded to baths and pajamas and Pat, Della and I were left at their kitchen table. The dishes were done. I looked at Pat and said, "One more thing, wife. You took yourself out of the sleep-with rotation. I don't know why but unless you give me a really good reason, I'm anxious to sleep with you tonight."

"I'm ugly. My breasts are swollen and the nipples have turned dark. My belly has a red line down the middle and I don't have a belly button any more!"

"Oooo, can I see?"

"No! I'm ugly."

Della stood and took off her clothes. She pointed to the stretch marks on her belly and her breasts.

"Nick saw those the very day we met. I thought they were ugly. I wanted to make love, but in the dark. He paid attention to the scars, the places I don't like, all of me. Who he loves is the me inside all this."

Pat stood. Della and I went to her and we slowly undressed her. She was right. Her breasts were swollen. The nipples and areola were darker than I had ever seen them. She did have a red line down her belly. We hugged her and kissed her and both of us told her how happy we were to share in her pregnancy. For her part, Pat cried.

When the hugging and kissing stopped Della collected all the clothes and we helped Pat to her bedroom. I sat her on the bed and opened the bottle of lotion I had hidden earlier. Together Della and I massaged every inch of her skin and tired muscles. When we covered her she was almost asleep.

"He'll be right back to sleep with you." Della said. She held on to me by my cock and led me to her room.

"I want you inside me. Fill me up, you sweet man, then sleep with my sister."

We were both nude already so getting down to business happened quickly. She knelt on the bed and I entered her from behind. I started slowly and soon we were shaking the entire house (Well, it felt like it to me). She flipped over and opened her legs wide for me and we mated hard and fast. Della is not a quiet lover. I am... right up til the end and when I came I bellowed like a wounded water buffalo.

We cleaned up and I went back to Pat's room. I quietly entered her room and slid into bed with her. "Were you hurt badly?" she asked.

"No, nothing permanent."

We snuggled together and after a minute Pat said, "You smell like sex."

"Is that bad?"

"No. Tomorrow night don't visit Della before you come to me, please. I would like to try having sex again."

"It's a date!"