 I was definitely stumped. I didn't know how I was supposed to make it happen. Ever since we had been dating I knew you wanted to have sex with two men. It wasn't just the fantasy of having two men, but you wanted to do specific things. The sort of things I never considered until I met you. Now that I was more willing to do these things, you had become more apprehensive. Were these fantasies meant to stay fantasies or were they something you really wanted to do but just wanted me to take the lead. I knew I would have to just force you to make a decision and let the chips fall where they may.

Then by intervention of fate, I ran into your old boyfriend, Rik. I didn't really know him, but I know of him. You told me all the things he liked to do to you and how much you loved it. I never could tell if you were trying to make my jealous or just horny. Never the less, Rik and I were talking about life in general when the discussion finally turn to the subject of you. 

He asked the polite questions, how are you doing, how's your work, yada, yada, yada. All the while I know what he's thinking, when will I move on so he can start banging you again. We talked about more personal things when out of the blue I asked him if he knew about your desire to have sex with two guys. Without thinking he immediately answers yes, but he had no interest in doing anything like that. After realizing he might be missing out on something, he starts to reconsider. 

"But now I understand it's something she really wanted, and I missed out on the chance to fulfill a fantasy for a lover," he tells me. I tell him it's not to late if he's willing to be the third party. He hesitates only for a moment (just long enough to think about your legs wrapped around his back) and says he's game as long as there's no "weird" stuff. I assure him, I am only interested in insuring that you are thoroughly fucked so you can't walk for days. I now know I have the who, it's just the when and the where.

I decide it will best take place at my apartment. To set the mood, I rent a movie, one with lots of women. This will throw you off track when I am unable to hide my excitement about the night's festivities. I'll just tell you I can't wait to eat you while you're watching two women get it on. We begin to fool around on the bed and you become very excited. After I have you naked and thoroughly out of control, I grab a couple of ties out of the closet and tie you down. You ask me what I'm up to and I tell you I'm hungry and pick up the phone and pretend to call for pizza. You think you figured it out and all I want to do is make you beg for me. I play along for a little while, continuing to caress your legs and chest. A few minutes before Rik is supposed to show I grab a scarf and blind fold you. I also make sure you know the bedroom door will be wide open and if I open the front door too far, the "pizza guy" will be able to see you. You tell me I don't have the balls to do it, and I respond that I don't think it's balls the pizza guy will see. Just then the doorbell rings and I get up to answer it. Before I open the door I call out to you so you know the bedroom door is wide open.

Rik and I begin a conversation but only loud enough for you to be able to hear me. I let him in while pretending to say goodbye to the "pizza guy." As we walk into the bedroom, I motion him onto the other side of the bed. As I begin to stroke your inner thigh, you say you're hungry and want some pizza. Just then Rik begins to caress your breasts while I slide a finger along your moist pussy. You immediately realize what is going on, but you are unsure what to do about it. I put all of your concerns to rest by slipping my face between your thighs and sliding my tongue along your freshly shaven lips. Meanwhile Rik is gently sucking on one nipple while pinching the other. You may still have doubts about what you are getting into, but you are not expressing them openly. I begin to tongue your asshole while sliding a couple of fingers into your now very wet pussy. It's obvious that all the attention is too much for you, but before you reach the point of no return Rik stops to take off his clothes. 

Once he is naked, he repositions himself so you can suck on his cock and then he resumes his assault on your nipples. I am amazed that as soon as his dick slides past your lips, you know who it is. I guess your understanding of the male anatomy is why you are so good at oral sex. As much as I would like to watch, I feel I must complete the task at hand. I pull my fingers from you pussy and slowly slide one of them up your willing ass. I then gently wrap my lips around your clit and begin to suck while at the same time flick my tongue across your hyper sensitive little nub. 

I take this chance to sneak a peek at what is going on elsewhere and see that Rik has untied your hands which allows you to play with his balls. You're not doing a very good job of sucking your old boyfriend's dick, but that is to be expected. As good as you are, there is no way to concentrate on what you are doing with all that is going around. You finally give up and just lay back and enjoy yourself. I feel your asshole tighten around my finger and know you are very, very close. You let out a loud moan and your whole body tenses. 

Your knees clamp on to the side of my head, I feel like my finger is going to be pinched off and you look like you are going to pull a handful of hair out of Rik's head. Your ass comes off the bed as you arch your back and begin to babble incoherently. As your orgasm subsides, tiny little spasms rock your body. I am amazed that it takes several minutes for it to subside. You finally take off the blind fold and sigh "holy fuck, that was awesome."

I go to the fridge to grab a few beers and allow you the time to regain your senses. I am surprised to find you on your hands and knees greedily sucking your old "squeeze's" cock. With your ass wiggling up in the air like that, I feel the need to slide into you. As I ready my cock for your tight little pussy I feel your hand in the way. I look down and see two or three fingers already deep inside you. I know you would rather have my cock inside you so I force my way in. You move out of the way, but not before rubbing my balls as a way of saying thank you. 

After I get a good rhythm going, I realize I still have two beers in my hand. So in a scene right out of a 70s porn, I open one up and hand it to you ex/current lover and we toast our good fortune. I become transfixed at the sight of his very hard cock sliding in and out of your mouth. Although it is not as thick as mine, it is quite a bit longer and I am amazed you can take the whole thing without gagging. 

Watching his cock glisten as it glides in and out of you mouth is too much for me and I say it is time to switch. I have a hard enough time when I am inside you normally, and watching you work your magic on another dick is not making anything easier. We switch positions and he begins to fuck your now sopping pussy while you lick my ball and finger my anus. He's picks up a pretty good rhythm and I relax while watching you try to do your best on me. Not wanting to cum yet, I quickly finish my beer and use that as an excuse to get up and get another one. 

When I return you both look to me for guidance and I simply shrug. Rik takes this as an "anything goes" and guides your mouth back on to his cock and begins to urge you on. I decide I will kick back and watch the show. It's obvious that he wants to come and it is more than apparent that you want the same. After a few minutes of treating his cock like a lollipop you begin to suck in earnest. He is now quiet, lost in the feeling of your hand and lips sliding up and down his shaft. Suddenly, he begins to groan and his stomach muscle contract. He lifts your mouth off of his cock and shoots his load all over your face. You quickly lick his cock clean and suck dry anything that was still inside his balls. I watch as his cum drips from your nose and chin on to you tits. 

After you lick your lips and rub his cum into your boobs, I can only be impressed. Rik slowly slides down the bed, worn out from the awesome blowjob he just received. You straddle him and bend down and kiss him, sharing his juices with him. I feel that this is the perfect opportunity to fulfill the most important part of "your" fantasy. I quickly move behind you and poke the head of my cock into your asshole. I spit on my cock and rub my saliva into your little brown hole. Between spit, sweat and your overflowing pussy, the head easily slides in with an audible "pop." 

You emit a low guttural moan and rest your head on Rik's chest as I work my thick cock into your ass. Rik quickly gets the idea and scoots underneath you until his cock is positioned to enter your pussy. Once you've become accustomed to my cock in your ass, you reach down and force Rik's cock inside you. I decide to let you set the rhythm and watch as you move your ass back and forth. As Rik penetrates you deeper, I begin to feel his cock slide into your pussy. 

I wonder how it must feel for you but all I have to do is listen. As we begin to pick up pace, you become louder and louder. Almost screaming at the top of your lungs, you thank Rik and I for a great fucking. This is too much for Rik and he shoots his second load of the night deep into your cunt. No longer having to worry about keeping rhythm with a third person, we begin to fuck at warp speed. I can't tell if you are cumming or not because you are screaming too loud. 

As I approach orgasm, I reach below, grab your tits and tell you I am going to come. I am unsure if you hear me, but you seem to be slamming your ass back onto my cock even harder. Finally I lose control and shoot my load deep into your ass. As we both collapse into a sweaty heap, I say I hoped you liked your surprise.