 Lily and Steve and I tripped along pretty happily for a time. We had some adventures, we had some difficulties. I'd be lying if I said it was easy. But it was worth it. We just loved being together, all three of us. And it has to be said, it helped that we never, ever had any issues in the bedroom -- or anywhere else we had sex. One of the great things about having three people with insane sex drives is that sex becomes a pastime. Our favourite way to spend a Sunday night was to sit on the couch watching a movie, Steve in the middle, Lily and I each with a leg flung over his lap, and one of his hands in each of our pussies. Not necessarily to get us off, or not straight away anyway, but just to feel. To rub, to stroke. Fingers slipped in, and out. Wet juices massaged all over. It was actually really relaxing. Obviously, once one of us got too excited, we'd have to take it further -- usually Lily would just swing her leg over to sit on Steve's cock (it would always be nice and hard during these massages) and ride him hard and fast until she came -- it usually wouldn't take very long. Lily sometimes came around and knelt down to eat my pussy, she absolutely loves to lick pussy, so I could just open my legs and enjoy.

There were challenges too. We all made a pact early on, to be completely and utterly honest with each other. That way, trust and respect could be maintained without all that rom-com "what is he thinking, why did she say that" bullshit. Nobody has time for that garbage. So we stayed completely open to one another, no matter how awkward or embarrassing the revelation, and we found that not only did it mean we could trust each other better that way, but we also felt more validated -- no matter what we'd done, or thought about, or fantasised about, here were some sane, moral people who didn't judge us. Amazing how much less of a freak you can feel when you reveal your deepest, darkest desires, and someone else says, "Oh, me too!" But it also opened a can of worms, about three years in to our trio's relationship. Lily had moved in a while before, and for a few months we had noticed she had been a bit restless, and seemingly less horny than her normal crazy self. Finally, we all sat down to have a family meeting, and four hours of talking later we found ourselves, unexpectedly, in an open relationship.

See, apparently Lily had been feeling for some time that, as much as she loved us all being together, she needed some variety, some extra excitement. Not necessarily in the activities we engaged in, as we always experimented as much as possible. But with the experience in general. She wanted butterflies, first kisses, the unknown lover. Doesn't everyone, in a long term partnership, dream of that intense honeymoon phase at some point? So we talked and talked and talked about it, and believe me, Steve and I were so glad we'd done all that work on jealousy years before, because now we could hear what Lily was trying to express without any judgment or personal hurt. Lily had never been the monogamous type, she said, and Steve had always had a bisexual streak -- so this actually made a lot of sense. We agreed that for all of us, having the option to explore was important, and without jealousy being part of our dynamic, it actually sounded really fun. Our ground rules were only that it had to be elsewhere -- not at the house, just to maintain our private space -- and that it was just physical, for now. If anyone wanted to explore anything more emotional, that would necessitate a different conversation between us. And so, our open relationship began, and damn was it a hell of a lot of fun.

I know it seems that I'm jumping around a lot, telling you these highlights. But up until this point in our relationship, there aren't that many interesting stories to tell, you see. Nobody really wants to hear about the regular, comfortable Thursday night lovemaking every relationship kind of melts into after a while. But once we opened it up, the 'stories' really started to get hotter and more intense, and plus it was the catalyst for a lot of what happened later. So I'll start around that time. To set the scene: we'd been 'open' for a few months, Lily had been screwing her brains out all over the place and was happy as a clam, and Steve had been visiting a few saunas and cruise clubs here and there. I hadn't really played around, just a few minor flirtations, but the open thing seemed to be working for us. It was actually a real turn on, to be honest - we told each other the juicy details of our encounters, and it fuelled our lust and desire for one another.

Steve had been somewhat bisexual as long as he could remember. Lily and I didn't care, obviously, except insofar as it turned us on to fantasise about it. But when it came down to it, there was a part of Steve that Lily and I couldn't satisfy, no matter how many dildos and harnesses we played with (which, in case you were wondering, is a LOT. At last count we had amassed 14 dildos of varying colours, textures and sizes, and 5 harnesses, along with an entire toy chest of other goodies. After all, there were three of us, with a total of 8 fuckholes! Some might say 14 dildos is actually pretty tame for that many options). He craved a real cock as well as our cunts. I mean that was why he was doing saunas, right? Then in September 2014, for Steve's birthday, Lily had a fiendish idea, and when she told me, I got so excited she finally had to eat my pussy just to calm me down. Steve was going to have a birthday he -- and we -- would never forget.

The night before his birthday proper, we went out for a celebratory dinner. At Steve's request, we were at our favourite special-occasion restaurant, Chinta Ria in Darling Harbour. They didn't take bookings, but their outdoor seating with lush tropical foliage -- and their divine marinated beef strips -- made it worth the wait for a table. We enjoyed our shared plates of spicy gyoza and peppery singapore noodles, and just as Steve was asking for the dessert menu, Lily looked at me and raised her eyebrows. That was the signal; her friends had arrived.

Her friends were Chris and Justin, a couple Lily had originally met through a mutual corporate design client, and who had been her flatmates until she moved in with us. They had been there with her that first night, when Steve picked up Lily and basically kidnapped her, and they had been her sounding board for every step of our relationship so far. But lives get busy, and for one reason and another Steve and I hadn't officially met them yet. When Lily signalled me, my face immediately flushed - I was so on edge, all that anticipation. I took a deep breath, giggled nervously, I looked over my shoulder, and there they were.

Seeing them, I remembered the stories Lily had told us about Chris and Justin. How they were both (different degrees of) bisexual, and enjoyed playing with women occasionally. How they would bring women home and share them for a night. How they had shared Lily a few times, and that they knew what they wanted, and what to do to get it. "Their timing was so well practiced," she had said, telling us in glorious detail about the first time they each had a cock in her pussy and ass. And, as she put it, they weren't small men, by any means. The idea that they'd done it before, many times, had been fuel for her fire then. When Lily had visited them the previous week to explain what she had in mind for this party, their evening had started off with her just outlining her ideas, and ended up with the guys fucking her ass and her mouth, just like old times she said, that's how much the idea of tonight had turned them on. Seeing them now across the crazy-crowded restaurant, I had an image in my head of these two beautiful men, fucking each end of my girlfriend's incredible curvy body. I felt dizzy, lightheaded, giddy.

"Over here!" Lily waved them over to us. As they made their way through the restaurant to our table, I appraised them, my anticipation building. Both men were fairly tall, Justin being a slight bit taller and more muscular than his boyfriend. Justin's dark blond hair was clipped short near his scalp, and his stubble was at that perfect 2-day length. His wide mouth was generous and he smiled easily, emphasising his eyes, ringed by thick lashes. He honestly looked like he should have been some sort of underwear model, and I thought it an incredible stroke of luck (for us) that he happened to be bisexual. Chris, on the other hand, was about 5 foot 10, and had narrower shoulders, which made his longish dark hair less silly and more rogueish than it might have looked on a larger man. He had only a hint of stubble, and his t-shirt was tight against his solid pecs. His eyelashes were long and black, giving him the look of wearing eyeliner. He was, in short, incredibly beautiful. I knew for a fact Steve would be thinking the same.

Lily did a quick introduction, and both men took one look at Steve and smiled at each other, obviously liking what they saw.

"You are a very lucky man, Stephen," said Justin as he and Chris drew up some chairs and sat down.

"Steve, please," said Steve. He still hadn't cottoned on to the fact that Lily had invited them here, and for a purpose.

"Steve," Justin smiled, and did I catch a wicked glint in his eye? "Your girls are exceedingly lovely. And may I say, looking especially hot tonight, Lily," Justin smiled at her, co-conspirators, and she winked at me.

"I can only assume Leisl always looks this ... enticing," added Chris, as he looked me up and down, slowly. When Chris smiled at me and raised an eyebrow, it shallowed my breath, and made my pussy throb. I knew what was planned to happen tonight, but seeing Chris's small smile as his eyes lingered on my chest, then my mouth, made me wish it were my birthday, not Steve's, and that Chris was my present. Why did I feel such an immediate connection to this man I had just met? The second he sat down, it was as though all my attention was focussed on him, magnetically; I found my eyes drawn back to him again and again as we all sat chatting about nothing in particular. More often than not, he was looking back at me, his dark eyes meeting mine, licking his lips and holding eye contact for longer than was comfortable. My breathing was ragged and my heart was pounding so hard in my ribcage that I barely heard Lily when she spoke.

"I'll just go and see about the bill. Come on gorgeous," Lily stood, and took my hand and dragged me up as she passed. She knew the way she had designed this to go, and she kept to her schedule. I desperately wanted to see what happened next at the table, but I knew that Chris and Justin would get further flirting with Steve without an audience. Lily and I paid our bill and waited outside the restaurant entrance. After what felt like an hour, but was probably about five minutes, the three men walked out together. Anyone seeing them might have just seen a trio of men, laughing and satisfied from the meal they'd just enjoyed. But we knew better -- we'd have seen Steve's stammering arousal in his pink face and nervous stance, even if we hadn't noticed the bulge in his jeans. I found myself wishing I knew what Chris and Justin had said, or done, to make him look like that.

"So. How are we splitting cabs?" said Justin. There was no discussion of where we were going. Lily smiled, "I'll take one. I have a few things I need to do." The four people who were in on the plan knew what she meant. Steve still looked to be in too much of a flirt fog (prelude to the sex haze) to properly register what she'd said. She kissed him and quickly disappeared around the corner. Chris looked at me and lifted an eyebrow, "Drinks then?"

We went downstairs to Pontoon Bar, and ordered a round. Chatting with Chris and Justin, knowing what was about to happen, could have made me as nervous as I usually am around new people. But they smiled easily, and I realised I liked them as people. They were both funny and kind, and sexy as hell, what with all the various pheromones flying about. Steve didn't say much during drinks, but he watched us chatting and flirting up a storm. At one point, with Justin's hand on my shoulder, and Chris's hand on my thigh, I glanced over at Steve and saw a look I knew pretty well -- he shifted in his seat and his mouth hung open just slightly, and I knew he was trying desperately to ease the pressure of his jeans on his massive erection. He was probably already imagining watching Chris and Justin sharing my body between them -- little did he know how wrong he was.

About fifteen minutes after Lily had left, the boys stood up. "Time to go?" I deliberately squeezed past Chris as I stepped away from my seat, my eyes meeting his for an electric second, and I saw his skin flush red. My heart started beating harder, faster, seeing this power I had over such a beautiful man -- it was exhilarating, and I heard a sharp intake of breath from Justin a few feet away. I hoped he was getting just as flushed watching this little flirtation as I was engaging in it. Standing close, between Chris and the table, I looked him up and down, and I noticed his cock too was straining against the front of his pants. I looked back up at his face, he wasn't smiling. Our eyes locked, just for a moment, and it was ... thrilling. Intoxicating.

I shook my head, my thoughts a fog of body parts, positions and fuckholes, but I tried to concentrate for Steve's sake. He was the focus tonight, although he still hadn't caught on to that. I picked up my bag and prepared to leave. Steve caught up with me.

"What exactly have you and that other little minx been up to? Why are Justin and Chris catching a taxi with us? Where are we going?"

"Home, baby," I said, deliberately ignoring his other questions. He trusted me though, and just nodded, swallowed, and didn't push it. He knew that whatever it was we had arranged, of course it was going to be something exceptionally fun.

"Hey Steve, so tell me more about this new gaming PC you've set up. Can it run Crysis?" Justin laughed. Steve dropped back to join Justin in nerd talk. Chris came ahead to walk with me.

"So, Leisl," he began, and hesitated. I looked up at him sideways. His eyes were downcast, engrossed, watching my chest bounce as I walked. He licked his lips. Oh god, I was in trouble.

"So, Chris. How did you and Justin meet?"

"Ha!" His eyes jumped back to my face, startled but unembarrassed to have been caught admiring my assets. "Actually it's a long story. I will definitely tell you another time. In fact there's a lot I'd love to talk to you about. Can we have coffee next week maybe?"

If I ever stopped to think about the things that happen in my life, it might seem a bit surreal. I was on my way to an orgy, organised by my girlfriend for our boyfriend's birthday, and being asked out to coffee by one of the participants I would soon be fucking. Sure, why not.

"I would really love that, Chris. Grab my number from Lily and text me, yeah?"

By this time we had reached Sussex St, and a taxi quickly pulled up. Chris jumped in first, pulling me after him. Justin hopped in behind me, leaving Steve to sit in the front, alone with his imagination of what might actually await him back at the house. I squeezed into the middle seat, and squirmed around trying to find my seatbelt and clip it in. It wasn't until I had given the driver the address and settled back that I realised I was sitting on Chris's left hand. I looked down, then up at him. He wasn't looking at me, but out the window, and half smiling. I bit back my instinctive 'Oh sorry'; I could tell he had put his hand there on purpose. He didn't move it, but we both felt it there, under my thigh, present, and oh so tempting.

Justin, always the icebreaker, continued to chat casually to Steve about video games. Chris and I were silent, unmoving, but acutely aware of each other. Slowly, secretly, he shifted -- just one finger, stroking back and forth along the underside of my thigh. My face flushed red, my pussy tingled and swelled, my belly was doing little flips and twirls. That's all he did for minutes, and yet I felt like we shared this intimate secret together. No doubt we were about to fuck, somewhat spectacularly, with three other people in the mix -- so why did I feel this spark, this private thrill, at the thought of a single finger on my thigh? The only thing more exciting was when, as we neared Broadway, he surreptitiously pulled his hand free, and slid it over mine. Our fingers intertwined, and I thought my heart was about to burst out of my chest. I was almost surprised Justin on my other side couldn't hear it.

We got back to the house, far too soon for my taste, and saw the lights in the living room at the front were on. The four of us hopped out of the car, I slid out last. I paid the driver and turned around, expecting to bring up the rear of the party through the front door, and almost ran smack into Chris. But he wasn't looking at me -- he was watching his boyfriend softly kissing my boyfriend. Chris looked at me and smiled, oh that devilish smile, and moved around to stand behind me. He pressed himself bodily against my spine, and reached up and began kneading my breasts with both hands. I could feel his excitement through his jeans, straining against my ass. I didn't know how much of his obvious excitement was due to watching Justin kiss Steve, and how much was due to our secret in the cab, but right at this moment, it really didn't matter.

Justin broke the kiss, sort of half laughed, and took Steve's hand. They headed up for the front door, and I broke away from Chris to do the same. Suddenly it seemed important that we weren't 'suspected', but of what? Getting horny right before an orgy? Hardly a hanging offence. Still, it seemed different, somehow. I pushed it to the back of my mind, to think about later.

Lily opened the door for us, and ushered us all inside. It seemed incongruous that she offered around tea and coffee, took our bags, fussed about. We filed into the living room to see that the room had been cleared, the coffee table moved to one side, and the floor was carpeted with a patchwork of towels. Steve was the only one not expecting this.

"What the hell ...?" he murmured, and as he did, Lily grinned and picked up from the couch her pièce de résistance -- a black silk hood. "Happy birthday, my darling," she said, as she slipped it over Steve's head.

The hood was a masterful piece of engineering. It had an inbuilt eye mask, so Steve could see nothing, and a generous hole in the front for Steve's mouth and nose. It also incorporated a ribbon at the back, cleverly designed so that it could be tied shut, but never too tightly or it would gape at the front -- safe sane consensual, as they say. Steve sighed happily as Lily tied the ribbon. The satisfying bulge in his pants told us all we needed to know about whether he liked the hood. Lily turned and hit 'play' on the tiny remote on the table, and Portishead came oozing seductively from the surrounding speakers. Now the fun could start.

Lily positioned Steve as she wanted him, standing in the middle of the room, and undressed him, slowly. Unbuttoning his charcoal shirt, I heard Justin's sharp intake of breath again behind me. It seemed to be his tell -- he liked what he saw. I didn't know where Chris was, somewhere behind me, but I found myself wondering if he was also enjoying watching Lily unzip Steve's trousers, reach in and pull out his hard cock, stroking it lazily a few times just for the sake of it. She unbuckled his belt, and drew his pants to the floor. He stepped out of them, Lily gently removing his socks and shoes, and finally Steve stood before us, naked and exposed. Lily coaxed his arms behind him. We certainly didn't want him being able to take pleasure into his own hands. She tied his wrists with another silk ribbon -- strength wasn't an issue; we knew he wouldn't struggle. This whole evening would be based largely on Steve's previous admissions of his own desires, so we were pretty confident he would enjoy everything we had planned.
