 The nightclub had lively rock music playing from the speakers scattered throughout and a thin haze of cigarette smoke lingered in the air as Matt and Jill entered. Matt scanned the bar area for a place to sit and saw many unoccupied seats. He grabbed Jill's hand and led her to the bar taking a seat on the left side where they could scan the bar.

"What can I get yeah?" they looked up at the voice and saw a cute blond wearing a white blouse and black slacks waiting patiently for their reply.

"Bud light bottle and a Smirnoff ice." Matt said, with a friendly smile.

"She is cute." Jill said.

"Very, but no girl play for you tonight, you know why we are here. And you promised." he said.

"Here you go, that'll be $7.50." the waitress said as she placed the drinks in front of them. Matt handed her the money.

"I always keep my promises to you babe." Jill said as she leaned over, placed her hand on his thigh, caressing it and kissed his cheek. 

"I know you do, and I know tonight is going to be everything I want and more. Now we just need to find you that man." he said as he started to scope out the bar scene. O'Malley's was a nice neighborhood bar that had a live deejay on Friday and Saturday nights. It seated around a hundred people and was usual crowded on the weekends. Besides the music they had 4 billiard tables and two electronic dart board. It wasn't too crowded yet as there were maybe forty people there. A small group of men at the far side of the club caught his eye.

"Now that looks promising." Jill said as she pointed her head towards the group. "The one in the red shirt looks like he would be a lot of fun."

The young man was tall, around 6'1", lean and well-tanned, with the bluest eyes you have ever seen, and a smile that showed his straight white teeth. He had a short brown mow hawk, and a well shaved goatee. His biceps rippled out of his short sleeved red timberland shirt, and he was broad across the shoulders. His back gave way to a wonderful, well-shaped ass, the kind you just want reach out and grab. He had very long and muscular legs.

"Yes, he does! I can see you riding his hard cock. Now work your magic babe." Matt said to Jill as he waved at the waitress to get her attention. 

Matt ordered another drink as Jill decided to grab the young man's attention. She turned her bar stool to face the group, leaning forward slightly, running her finger down one side of her lower neck line of her blouse. It was ruby red, matching her lip stick, her skirt was light blue denim, and she wore her favorite boots, a very sexy and revealing outfit, and perfect for flaunting her stuff. Her figure had always gotten her a large amount of attention from both the men and women. She was 5' 5", 115lbs, and was built like a dancer. Her chest wasn't the biggest, but she made up for it with her long sexy legs. Jill would always run a hand up and down one leg to arouse a man, and it worked every time. Her lips full, wet and pouting smirk at him, taunting him. The young man had noticed her and turned; she made eye contact with him and licked her full lips.

Jill took a deep breath, forced her foot forward, and started to walk towards the group of guys. All five were in a heated discussion, probably talking about her. The tall young man studied her out of the corner of his eye, taking in every detail of her sexy body. 

She stopped next to him and placed her hand on his fore arm, and whispered into his ear

"Would you like to join me for a drink?" 

"Won't your boyfriend be upset?" he asked as he looked at Matt. 

Jill turned and looked at Matt and smiled. Matt raised his drink up towards them and smiled.

"Oh don't mind him, he lets me do anyone I please." she said with a shy smirk. "And he wants me to do you if your game?"

"Ok then." he said as Jill grabbed his hand and they walked back towards Matt.

"What will you have?" Jill asked him as she sat back down next to Matt.

"I'll take a Bud light." he said as he sat on the bar stool next to Jill. "I'm Jay by the way."

"I'm Jill, this is my friend Matt." she said.

Matt gave him a nod of the head as he ordered another round of drinks.

"You're pretty hot Jay. I can't wait to play with you." she said as she moved her bar stool closer to his. The air between them became electrified, raising goose bumps on her arms. Her nipples instantly became erect at the closeness of his body and the anticipation of being with him made her wet. They immediately fell into a luscious kiss, exploring each other's lips and tongues. Then to her surprise, she felt a second set of lips on the back of her neck, and Matt's hand caressing her thigh.

"Let's go babe. I want to watch you fuck the shit out of this guy." Matt said.

The three of them got up, leaving their untouched drinks and headed for the truck. Matt got in the driver's seat, as Jill and Jay squeezed in on the passenger side.

"Show this man what an amazing blow job you give." Matt said as he started up the truck and headed for his house.

Jill didn't have to be told twice. She tugged at Jay's jeans, and unzipped them, pulling his seven and half inch hard as hell dick out of his pants. Jill grabbed his shaft and slowly stroked, watching as his pre cum seeped from the tip. She kissed the end, smearing his juices over her lips, tasting his salty musk. Still stroking, she looked up into his eyes, her lips twisted in a naughty smile. With her mouth open, and tongue out just a little, she leaned in and took just the tip into her wet mouth. She sucked lightly, feeling his cock twitch, her tongue swirling over the head. Jay let out a low, soft moan, as his hand went to the back of her head. She ran her tongue up the underside of his cock, licking all seven inches before tonguing the hole at the tip. His hands urged her head down; she lowered her full lips around his shaft and slowly took him in. Her tongue undulating, her hand and mouth working together to stroke the full length of him, The tempo steadily rising as his cock is pressed against the back of her throat. Her throat constricted around his cock, driving him crazy. Jill's other hand was foundling his balls, tickling and teasing them, as she continued to please his shaft. Jay's breathing was getting heavier and he gripped her hair, his hips moved forward and back, slowly pumping his cock in and out of her mouth. His rod plunging deeper with every stroke until the tip hit the back of her throat again, making her gags slightly and he stopped. He slid out of her mouth, and she leaned in and kissed the tip. Jill slowly moved lower, she sucked one then the other testicle into her mouth, bathing each one with her tongue. The sensation made Jay's eyes roll back into his head, and another moan came from his lips.

The truck had come to a stop, and Matt sat in the driver's seat watching his women please another man.

"Let's take this inside you two." Matt said as he got out of the truck.

Jill released Jay's manhood from her mouth, and they both followed Matt into the house, where he led them to the bedroom. 

"I want to watch you please my women." Matt said as he slapped Jill's ass, then leaned in and kissed her passionately.

The men's eyes met, and they nodded. Jay wrapped her in his arms and kissed her lustily, and she felt Matt slowly unbuttoning her shirt from behind, and take it off her, then came the skirt and boots. She felt Matt's hands on her bare back, as he rubbed down to her ass, and squeezed. Jay moved his mouth down to her breasts, and grasped one gently. He ran his thumb across her nipple, while his mouth sucked on the other. His hands moved around her, resting momentarily on her belly, before moving them down into her panties. His fingers stroked her wetness for a moment, getting a groan from her, and then he knelt down and pulled them down. Her senses were becoming overwhelmed by the attention she was getting from the two men, and her knees buckled slightly.

Jay led her to the bed; she lay down, and watched him undress. Once naked, Jay lay down on her right side and Matt sat in a chair across from the bed and watched. She arched her back as his hands began to caress her body. Jay made his way down between her legs, and began to flick his tongue along her clit, sucking her lips, and delving his tongue into her pussy. As he made her moan, he worked three fingers into her pussy, and was thrusting them roughly as he sucked on her clit, and the actions sent her reeling into a crushing orgasm. She let out a cry as it ripped through her.

She felt Jay kneel behind her, and he plunged his cock inside her. He reached up, and grasped her breasts in his hands, pinching her nipples. She was almost frantic with lust at this point. She couldn't get enough of him. He trusted slowly, and then went harder and deeper. The deeper he went the louder her moaning became. Jill's body bucked and arched against the bittersweet assault. 

"That's it, fuck my little slut. She loves it, don't you babe?" Matt said as he sat stroking his own cock.

"I want to ride you." Jill said as she shook her head in agreement to Matt's question.

Jay pulled out and lay on the bed, grabbing her to straddle him. Jill began to slide his hard wet cock into her hungry pussy. When she was down on him as far as she could go, she lay against his body and rocked, he continued to thrust into her, and manipulate her clit with his finger, as she moved up and down, faster and faster, harder and harder on his hard shaft. Just as Jill was getting into a rhythm she felt Matt grabbing her hair and pulling her head back to look at him. He was now fully naked, and hard as a rock.

Matt leaned into her and aggressively kissed her, then worked his fingertips down her spine, to her ass cheeks. He dipped his fingers down to her wet pussy, which was still thrusting on Jay's cock. Matt used their juices as a lube, swirling his finger around her asshole, than forced one finger inside her tight asshole, moving in and out of her.

This new sensation quickly got her worked up into frenzy. She knew then that she wanted them both to fuck her at the same time.

"Fuck my ass baby!" she moaned as she looked back at Matt.

He grabbed the tub of lube from the toy drawer, and stood and watched Jill and Jay fuck for a few minutes, before he knelt behind her again. He popped opened the tub and dribbled it onto Jill's back, just at the top of her ass. Jill gasped, and held still, Jay's cock still deep inside her. The lube started to run down, he poured a little more into his hand, using one hand to rub the lube onto his cock, while the other spread the lube from Jill's back down around her tight asshole. Matt worked the lube inside her with a couple of fingers, stretching her opening, and getting her good and relaxed. Matt pressed his cock against her tight asshole, going ever so slowly so he didn't hurt her. Jill pushed back a little, enjoying the feeling of being stretched as he entered her. Matt sighed with pleasure as he entered Jill, feeling her tight ass engulf his cock. Jay began to move first, thrusting gently, and Matt followed suit. Soon they found a rhythm, and Jill remained almost motionless as the men used her body for their pleasure.

"Faster...please!" she cried, and the men were more than willing to do as she asked. This was no longer gentle lovemaking. Matt smacked her ass as he fucked it, leaving a hand print on her cheek. One than the other slammed into her and the three of them moved like a well-oiled machine. The deviance of the act they performed brought out the beast in all three of them, and the room was full of their moans and the bed creaking beneath them. Jill came with a howl, and her clutching holes drove the two men crazy as they both filled her holes with their juices. 

Matt released her hole first and laid on the bed, then Jill climbed off Jay as the juices leaked from both her holes. She lay in between the two men, as they all tried to catch their breath. Matt wiped up the mess from Jill, and pulled her into him, kissing her forehead. Jay pressed his body up against Jill's backside and they napped briefly, and then she was awakened by a mouth on both of her breasts. The sensation was incredible; they circled her nipples then sucked until they were hard. Then one mouth moved down her body, and sealed himself between her legs. She opened her eyes, and found Jay below. Jay continued to kiss and lick Jill's cunt. Her pussy began to juice up as Jay ate her out. He found her clit with his tongue and pulled at it with his lips, and sucked on it. He pulled her tight against him, and she let out a cry as he stroked his fingers inside her pussy, then moved one down to her ass, and wriggled the tip up into it. She bore down, and forced more of it inside her, until his fingers were moving in and out of both of her holes. 

Matt was now straddling Jill's face, his hard shaft dangling over her mouth. Jill gently wrapped her hand around the shaft and stroked it up and down, until she could see the pre cum oozing out the tip. She took her tongue and dipped it in the hole of his shaft lapping up the juice and swirling the head. Then she took all seven inches into her mouth, letting it slid down her throat, almost gaging her. Jill bobbed her head up and down, to match the rhythm of Jay's fingers that where still fucking her pussy. 

"Oh baby, you're going to make me cum and I'm not ready yet." Matt said as he pulled his cock from Jill's mouth. "I want to fill you pussy up with my big dick, and watch Jay ass fuck you."

Matt lay on the bed, and Jill straddled him as Jay kneeled behind her. Jay went first, lubing her up and slowly invading her ass with his cock, spreading her cheeks wide to help her accommodate him. She moaned as he began to thrust, and once she was used to him, she nodded at Matt, as she slowly worked his hard cock into her wet pussy, and she just about passed out at the pleasure they were giving her. As before, things began to get rough as they got worked up, both men working their hard shafts in and out of her holes, in a rhythmic motion, slowly then faster and harder. Jill could feel Jay starting to jerk as his cock start to throb inside her ass, and he let his cum feel her. 

Her soft moaning turned into a yelp as Jill bit her lower lip, threw her head back, as her body shivered and was consumed by her climax. The two men continued to thrust inside her helping her to reach her maximize pleasure. The release of her juices on Matt's cock brought him to climax inside her too. She could once again feel the cum leaking from both holes and running down her legs.

They all three once again lay on the bed with Jill in between them. Trying to catch their breath, and take in the pleasure they had for the night. She leaned over and kissed one then the other. 

"Thanks boys!" she said as she got up and headed for the shower.

Jay got up and grabbed his cell phone and called one of his friends to come pick him up, then proceeded to get dress.

"Thanks for pleasing Jill for me." Matt said as he pulled his pants on.

"No thank you, that was a first for me and very fun, I must say." Jay said.

"How about I get your number? In case we decide that we want to do this again." Matt said as he handed Jay a pen and paper.

"Sounds good!" Jay said as he wrote his number down and handed the paper back to Matt. "Sounds like my ride is here."

Matt walked him to the door, and locked it behind him. He could still hear the shower running, and decided to go join his lover. 

"Hi sexy." he said as he got in behind her, and wrapped his arms around her waist.

"Hi babe." she said as she turned her head to kiss him. "I told you I keep my promises."

"Oh that you do!" he said as he grabbed her arm and turn her to face him. "That you do!"

Jill looked into Matt's dark brown eyes. "You're still horny aren't you?" she asked.

"Very! Watching you get fucked by another man was so hot!" he said as he placed his hands on her side and pulled her closer to him. Jill could now feel his erection against her leg.

"But..." she was about to say, as he planted a kiss on her soft lips instead.

Matt tore his mouth away from hers and kissed a path down her neck, licking her collar bone, slowly moving his lips down towards her nipples and sucking them. Jill arched her back and tangled her fingers into his hair, keeping his head anchored in place as she let out a little whimper of pleasure. He pressed her against the shower wall as he entered her with his hard cock. Matt nearly came just from entering her. Jill clenched her inner muscles down on his cock, as her pussy was now soaking wet. He began to slowly stroke in and out of her, making sure to move slowly enough that she would feel the movement against her over sensitive clit and her g spot. Her hands moved to grip his shoulders as both her legs wrapped around his waist, locking her feet together, encouraging him to move faster inside her. Matt began to move faster, thrusting into her pussy more forcefully as she tightens around him every time he pulled half way out. They were both breathing fast now, all their concentration was straining to reach an orgasm. She moaned as he slid his rigid cock in and out of her taking them closer to the brink of an orgasm.

Jill's nails dug into his back as his strokes became stronger, his every thrust rubbing against her g spot. With a shout Jill started coming, her whole body rocking so hard with an orgasm that Matt felt it too. Her inner muscles closed tightly around him, and he nearly lost control as she continued to spasm around his aching erection. Matt keep thrusting into her, knowing that he was close and wasn't going to last but a few more strokes....One, two, three strong strokes later, and his orgasm rushed up to meet him, his groans of pleasure matched Jill's still erratic breathing.

"Damn babe!" she said as she released herself from him. 

"I think I'm good for another couple hours." Matt said with a chuckle.