 "Oh fuck," I cried. My index and middle fingers plunged in and out of my pussy as my thumb worked my clit. My hips bucked. I could feel my orgasm building. I thrust my fingers, deeper into my sopping cunt. I moaned with pleasure. Finally the dam burst, my body became rigid and my cum soaked my fingers. I stood there in the shower for a minute, my back leaning against the wall for support, while the water cascaded over my body, rubbing my pussy as I came down from the orgasm. 

I was still horny, but feeling much better after cumming. What I really wanted was some cock, but my husband, Kevin, was traveling on business and would not be back for several more days. I stepped out of the shower, and toweled off, wrapping my long red hair in the towel and piling it all atop my head. It was already mid-morning on a Saturday, and forecast to be another beautiful summer day. I had no particular plans for the day, and decided to spend a couple hours down by the pool in the sun.

Kevin and I lived in a moderately priced housing development. The houses were close with out being on top of each other, offering most of them a reasonable amount of privacy. We had close to two acres of land, on the outside of a bend in the street, so that our property expanded away from the road. This was very nice as it gave us quite a lot of privacy in our backyard, which we certainly took advantage of.

I pulled a pair of skimpy bikini bottoms from the drawer and pulled them up my long tan legs. The small piece of fabric covered my pussy, while only a thin string went between my ass cheeks. The only reason I put them on at all was that Kevin thought that tan lines were sexy. I preferred to be more uniform in color, so that I was not limited in what cloths I could ware. So this skimpy bikini was my concession to his fetish.

My C-cup boobs jiggled and swayed as I made my way downstairs and out to the pool side. I spread a towel out on one of the lounge chairs and lay out in the sun. It was a perfectly beautiful day for sunning. The sun was already high in the sky and the temperature was perfect. The only blemish on the morning was the banging from the contractors working on the house next door. We had had rain for most of the past week, making it impossible for them to work, so now they were working on the weekend. I picked up the book I was reading from a nearby table and settled in for an enjoyable morning in the sun. As I got into the story the sounds of construction faded into the background.

I heard more banging, but this time it seemed much closer. I'm not quite sure how much time had passed though it felt like only minutes. I looked from behind my book to see Mae, my next door neighbor from the other side knocking on my back door.

"Mae," I called. "I'm down here by the pool."

She turned and waved, and started to make here way to the pool from the back of the house. Mae is half Chinese and half Cherokee, and completely gorgeous. She is petite, only 5'-1" with a lithe frame and a beautiful set of B-cup boobs that fit her frame to perfection, topped with a wonderful mop of short dark hair. Today she was dressed in a pair of jean shorts and a tight fitting tank-top, though I could see that she had her bikini on under it, as the strings peeked out around her waist. The whole effect was very sexy, and reminded me how horny I was. I felt my pussy moisten as she came through the gate to the pool.

"Hey, Lisa," she called, and she walked over to where I sat. "I wanted to know if you wanted to lay out today. It's such a perfect day for sunning. But I guess I know the answer."

"So pull up a chair," I invited. I put my book down and watched as Mae came toward me.

"Well I guess the first thing that I need to do is loose some of this clothing. You look much more comfortable." Mae pulled her tank top over her head, and dropped it on a nearby chair. Kicking off her sandals, she stepped out of here shorts, revealing the bikini beneath. It was made with a mesh fabric making it almost transparent. I could easily see the lines of Mae's pussy beneath her bathing suite with the cute tuft of hair that she kept atop her mound. My mouth watered. Mae's most incredible feature was her nipples. She had the longest nipples I have ever seen. They are easily an inch long when erect, and I'm pretty sure that they are always erect. That is the only way that I've ever seen them. With the mesh material of her bikini, her amazing nipples actually penetrated the fabric, sticking straight out through her top. This did not last long however, as her bikini top quickly joined the growing pile of her cloths beside her.

My eyes roamed her practically naked body. My pussy was starting to itch. Mae had lived next door to us for a couple years now. We had hit it off almost immediately, and it wasn't long until I discovered that she was a slutty minx. Kevin and I have a very open marriage; the only rule is that we tell each other everything. Often his return from a business trip is an incredible time as we will both have stories to share. We have both spent many nights with Mae. Mostly together, though we have both spent time with her individually as well.

"Well isn't that better," she announced. "Now I'm ready for sunning." She looked to me like she was ready for something else as well. Was or my imagination or was there a bit of a sheen to her pussy. Mae paraded in front of me, making a show of waggling her ass. I knew that she was teasing me; I loved the look of her ass, as she well knew. Mae draped herself on the lounge chair beside me, her face and nipples pointed toward the sun. "Hmm," she sighed, "This is the life."

Well two could play at this game. "I think I need to cool off," I declared. "I'm going to take a dip." I rose from the lounge chair I had occupied, and sauntered toward the pool edge. I made sure to accentuate the sway of my ass. From where Mae sat I would look naked. Our patio warped the deep end of the pool, allowing me to the ability to dive, with out having to walk to the far end. I bent into a crouch, pushing my ass in Mae's direction, and dove into the pool. The water, warmed by the sun, felt wonderful as it caressed every inch of my body. I swam to the far end, turned and came back. I pulled myself out of the water so that my breasts were fully visible and resting on my arms, so that they were slightly pushed up. "Mae the water is great," I called to her, making sure that I had her attention.

Her head rocked forward slightly as she took a better look at me. I saw her legs spread slightly, affording me a better view of her pussy. I pushed myself completely out of the pool, the water sheeting off me. My body glistened in the sunshine. The bottoms of my bikini turned from white to almost transparent when wet. I strode toward Mae with just enough determination to make my boobs jiggle. I stopped next to Mae slowly bending over to pick up the towel from my chair, trusting my ass toward her as I did so. My pussy would be completely visible to her, peeking out from beneath my ass.

"The water was really nice," I commented. I turned back toward her and slowly and sensually made a show of wiping the water from my body. I warped the towel behind me bringing the two ends around to dry myself. I brought one end up and wiped the water off my breasts, one at a time so that one was always open to Mae's view. As I finished drying myself, I spread the towel back over my lounge chair. I spread my legs, and bent over deeply, letting my barely clad pussy hover over Mae's face. I could feel the material clinging to my pussy and knew that almost every fold was defined. She still refused to take the bait, so I spread myself back across the lounge chair, making myself comfortable for Mae's coming show. "You should take a dip."

"I think maybe I will," she replied. "You made the water look so good. It made me want to get all wet."

Mae stood, and walked to the pool. Her ass swayed with the rhythm her movements. I admired every curve of her tiny body as she walked. Mae jumped into the pool and squealed with delight. She swam a full lap of the pool on her back, her erect nipples clearly visible piercing the surface of the water. It was harder for Mae at the deep end of the pool as she was so short. She finally made it the edge and hopped back up on the deck. As she stood I realized that what I had taken for struggling in the water had been her removing her bottoms. Mae stood before me completely naked. It was then that I noticed her suite floating on the surface of the pool.

I put a foot on the ground on either side of my lounge, opening my pussy to her view. Mae walked straight to the foot of my chair. "You were right," she said, "The water was wonderful. But now I'm all wet." She continued forward, and straddled the lounge so that she stood directly over my hips.

I reached forward, running my fingers over her pussy lips. "You ARE very wet. I'm sure I can think of a way remedy your situation."

"I was sure that you would think of something." Mae replied. She leaned forward and kissed me directly on the lips. Her tongue snaked out of her mouth, brushed against my lips, which spread immediately for it. I suck her tongue into my mouth. My fingers continued to work her pussy, grinding into her. Mae let out a low moan. I reached my other hand up to her tits, cupping one, and squeezing it, then pulling on the amazing nipple at its tip. I felt one of Mae's hands slide inside the waist band of my bathing suite. Her finger tips moved down to my pussy. I gasped as she started to rub my clit. I was so incredibly wet. I pushed one, then two fingers into her hot, sopping hole. They slid in easily. 

Mae's tongue continued to wrestle with mine, moving from one mouth to the other. Finally she broke the kiss saying, "I want to eat your pussy." With out waiting for a response she dropped between my legs, pulling the sodden fabric of my bikini aside and drove her tongue into my pussy. Quickly she decided that the bathing suite had to go. She undid the strings at either side, and pulled the fabric from between my legs, tossing it behind her.

"Fuck," I cried as she devoured me. "Oh, Mae that feels so good." I grabbed the back of her head and forced her face into my pussy. Her tongue was as far as it would go in my pussy exploring my depths. She withdrew her tongue, and started to suck my pussy into her mouth. She sucked on my lips, and then my clit, running her tongue over every fold in my pussy. 

"Fuck that feels so good. I love the way you eat my pussy. Eat me. Eat my fucking pussy good. Oh fuck yes." I cried out into the late morning air.

Mae drove two fingers into my pussy, and started to fuck me deeply with them, her lips now concentrating on my clit. I moaned and cried my approval encouraging her to continue. "Oh yes Mae, suck my clit. Suck it hard. Yes, just like that. Oh fuck. Fuck my pussy with those long fingers of yours. Fuck me hard. Oh, fuck me like that. Yes. Make me cum. Suck my clit until I cum. Oh, yes just like that." I loved Mae's long fingers. She had such incredible fingers for such a little women, but they could penetrate me deeper then my own could, and I loved it.

I grabbed my tits, cupping one in each hand. I massaged them, pulled on my nipples. I could feel the beginning of my orgasm starting to build. "Fuck," I cried out. "Oh yes, fuck me with those fucking fingers. Fuck my pussy. Fuck me nice and hard. Fuck me. Don't stop sucking my clit, oh yes, suck it, suck it, suck it, suck it. Oh, fuck yes. Fuck me. Just like that. Fuck my fucking pussy. Fuuuuuuuuuuck. Oh yyyyyyyesssss. God, yes. Fuuuuuuuuuuuuck mmmeeeeeeeeeeee. Ffffuuuuuuuuuuuuuccccckkk mmmmeeeeeeeeeeeee. Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh. Fffuuuuuuuuuccccccckkk. Yyyyyyeeeeessss. Iiiiiiiiii'mmmmmmmmmm cuuuuuuuuuummmmmmmmmiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinngg."

My body went stiff, and my hips bucked up. I grabbed Mae's head and held it against my pussy. Her tongue did not stop. Her lips locked on to my pussy and she tried to lap every drop of my nectar from inside my pussy. 

She was gasping for breath, a huge smile across her face, when I let her up, as my orgasm subsided. Mae's lips glistened with my cum. I pulled her to me, kissing her deeply, savoring the flavor of my pussy on her lips. Mae pulled away. "I think it's time for you to do something about how wet I am. So far that only made me wetter." She pulled at one of my tits playfully as she spoke.

Mae moved up the chair until she was standing on it straddling me. Her pussy was inches from my face. I leaned forward and let my tongue brush across the outsides of her folds. I could taste her already; her juices were literally dripping from her lips. I sucked the flesh of her pussy into my mouth. My tongue split her folds, and traced the inside of her lips. Mae moaned, lowering her pussy on to my mouth, so that she was practically sitting on my face. I greedily accepted the improved access that she had just granted me, and slid my tongue up into her as deeply as I could manage. I started to fuck her with my tongue. I grabbed her ass with both hands and pulled her into me. I moved my attention up to her clit, sucking it into my mouth. Her clit too seemed oversized for her frame; it was larger then mine. I sucked on it like a little cock. This always drove Mae wild. She grabbed the back of my head, and rocked her hips into my face, as I sucked on her. Her breathing was starting to become labored. "Oh fuck yes", she cried.

I moved back to the opening of her pussy, sliding my tongue inside her again. I then started to lap the full length of her pussy, hooking the tip of my tongue inside her, and then licking up, and flicking her clit, then sucking it into my mouth. This was guaranteed to make her cum. I didn't have to wait long before I was rewarded.

"Oh yes, yyyesss. Yyyeeeeeeeessss. Ffuuuucck. YES, YES, YES, YES, YES, YEEESSS. YESYESYESYESYESYYES. I'M GOING TO FUCKING CUM." Mae was not terribly loud, but when she cums, she's a screamer. Her cum shot from her pussy, covering my face in the slick juice. I tried to drink down what I could, but it was everywhere before I had a chance. I lapped what I could from her pussy and thighs. Mae dropped down onto me so that she was lying on top of me, and kissed me firmly on the mouth. She then started to lick her juices off my face. I played with her nipples as she cleaned me.

It was then that I noticed the incredible stillness to the day. It was completely quiet, except for the chirping of the birds and the sound of car from the street out front. Mae sat up, looking completely satisfied, licking her lips. Over her shoulder I saw the reason for the sudden quite. Four construction workers from the addition that was being added to the house next door stood on the roof of the construction watching us. All four had visible erections, and two were rubbing them through their pants. 

"Don't turn now," I told Mae, "But the workers on the Johnson's house next door, have been watching us."

A devilish glint came to Mae's eyes. "Well I don't suppose we can just leave them like that can we?"

Coming to the same thought that Mae had, I replied, "No I don't suppose we can."

Mae rose off of me, "I think we should bring them some refreshments," she said. "Do you have any lemonade in the house?"

"As a matter of fact I just made some yesterday."

"Well let's go get it and bring it over." Mae started toward the house. She was in no hurry, knowing that she was on display and loving every minute of it. I quickly caught up with her, and took her hand. Together we walked to the house.

Sure enough once we had disappeared into the house, the boys thought that the show was over, and returned to work.

"They aren't home next door are they?" Mae asked.

"No. They went Cape Cod for the summer. They didn't want to be around while their house was under construction."

I grabbed a tray and some glasses while Mae found the pitcher of lemonade in the fridge. I think that the cold air of from the fridge made her nipples even harder, if that was possible.

Carrying a tray with six tall glasses of lemonade, and wearing not a thread we made our way next door to the Johnson's. Arriving in their backyard we surveyed the situation. It seemed that the workers had stopped again. It must have been their lunch break. We heard voices coming from inside the house. The walls of the addition were up, but the doors and windows had not yet been installed. Mae and I made our way across the Johnson's yard, and up to what would be their back door. Through the door I saw the four men that had been watching us earlier. They sat on the floor, spread out across the room, a pile of lumber between them with several tool belts and open lunch boxes upon it.

As we walked into the house I called out, "Would anyone care for some lemonade?" The contractors looked up, expressions of surprise mixed with lust and excitement on their faces. 

"As it is such a hot day out, we thought that you might want some refreshments," Mae stated as she offered the tray to the closest worker, a small wiry man with dark curly hair and a tattoo of a tiger on his shoulder. 

"Thank you," he said talking a glass from the tray. "It certainly is a hot day." 

"So are you nudists?" asked a man standing against the wall. His close cropped hair was graying though he still seemed quite fit.

"No, we are not nudists; we just figured that there was no reason to put our cloths back on as you have already seen all there is to see," I answered. "I hope you don't mind."

"Oh, no. No problem at all. I always enjoy the sight of a beautiful woman, and I must say that you both qualify."

"Well I guess we should introduce ourselves. My name is Lisa, and this is my friend Mae."

The gray haired man, which I surmised to be the foreman of the small outfit, responded, "I'm Skip. That there is Ray," He said indicating the man with the tiger tat. Mae served drinks to the other two workers as they were introduced by Skip. Rick was an incredibly handsome man, with chiseled features, that made my insides quiver. I was very much looking forward to getting his pants off. And Mike, who was quite young, possibly still in college; he had long blond hair tied back in a ponytail, and well muscled body. Mae finally made it back to me, handing me the last of lemonade. 

Taking a swallow of the refreshing liquid I said, "We also wanted to apologize for putting you in such an uncomfortable position earlier. We hadn't realized that we were causing such a disturbance to you, but we did notice that you were watching and we hoped that you enjoyed the show. Though we would now like to relieve any discomfort that our earlier behavior may have caused you."

"Well that is right thoughtful of you," said Skip. "I could certainly use some release after that show that you two put on earlier. I don't think that I've come down from that yet." With that Skip unbuckled his pants, letting them drop to the floor. His mostly erect cock sprang out of his boxers. It was at least 10" long. My mouth began to water. Mae dropped to her knees in front of the mammoth member, grabbing into by the shaft and stuffing it into her mouth. Skip gasped as she wrapped her lips around his shaft, and started to suck it into her mouth. 

Mae's actions were like the pistol going off at the beginning of a race. The others hurriedly moved to join in on the action. I took a position on the floor next to Mae, so that she was to my right, and slightly behind me, and waited for the cocks to come to me. This did not take long; Ray, Rick and Mike all had their pants off, and dicks standing at attention. Ray was the first to reach me. I grabbed his cock and licked the 8" length of it. It tasted great, I wanted cock so badly. 

Moments later Rick had his thick member pointed at my face. I immediately took hold of his shaft and started to slide my hand along it. I slipped Ray's cock from my mouth and inserted Rick's. He was so thick that I almost had trouble getting my lips around him. I was looking forward to him fucking my pussy. I had known that I was going to enjoy his cock, just from looking at him.
