 As they pulled up to Richard and Marion's house, Len was not happy about having to go to this party. He had come 800 miles for a weekend with his lover and now had to spend the first night hanging out with people he didn't even know. He was especially disappointed after seeing the surprise Astrid had for him. When he had undressed her in the hotel room he discovered that she had shaved her pubes completely bald. The smooth pussy lips had felt so good against his tongue. If anything, she tasted even better when he made her cum. And he had slid right into her as they made love on the bed. But as soon as their orgasms were over she'd insisted that they both shower and get dressed again. He hadn't even gotten a blow job, which was one of the first things Astrid always did for him when they got together. Astrid was the only woman who had ever sucked his cock - his wife adamantly refused to even consider it - and Len always looked forward to that particular greeting.

The party was in a fancy neighborhood, and the house was a large ranch style home. All the lights were on but the windows were covered so Len could not see anything going on inside. From the number of cars, it appeared there were quite a few people there already. "Oh well," he thought as they got out of the car. "Maybe we can just stay a little while then get back to the hotel." He really wanted to get back into Astrid's pants. He was pleased she had not worn a bra so least he could watch her big boobs bounce around as they socialized. He wondered what the other guests would think about all the cleavage she was showing. "Well, I guess that's their problem."

Richard and Marion met them at the door. They were an older couple. Richard was skinny with a nearly bald head. Marion was the exact opposite of BBW Astrid. She was tiny, maybe five foot tall, and very slender. Marion's simple black dress clung to her muffin-sized breasts. Len noted with approval that her nipples were hard and pointy. The dress was very short, showing off her excellent legs. "Pretty sexy for a woman in her fifties," he thought. 

"This is Len," Astrid introduced. "Len, this is Richard and Marion. I think I told you that I met them a few weeks ago. Thank you for inviting us," this directed to Richard.

Len shook hands all around and Astrid exchanged hugs with their hosts. "Astrid has told us so much about you," Richard said. 

"We haven't known Astrid long, but she's become a good friend," Marion added.

"Why don't you set that wine in there," Richard said, pointing down the hall, "while I hang up your coats. Len walked over to the kitchen and deposited his bottle while Astrid and Marion were still hugging and giggling. He noticed a closed door off the hallway and assumed it was an office. As he returned, he thought he heard the sound of a woman moaning behind the door.

"Mmm, yes. That's good," the voice seemed to be mumbling. Len thought he also heard the sound of a man's voice.

"Damn," he thought. "Sounds like someone's getting it on in there. At least they are enjoying the party. Wonder if Astrid and I could sneak in there later." Then he heard what he was sure the voice of a second woman. "What the hell's going on," he thought, as he headed back to the foyer shaking his head. He immediately forgot about the couple (couples?) in the office when he saw what was happening at the front door.

There was Astrid with her blouse completely open. Richard had her left tit in his hand and he was kissing her on the neck. But even more shocking - Marion was sucking Astrid's right nipple while rubbing her crotch through her jeans. "Oh my god," popped out of his mouth.

Seeing him, Astrid said, "I guess I forgot to tell Len that this is going to be a sex party."

"Uh, yeah," he stammered. "I guess you did forget that. That must explain what's going on in the office back there."

"Actually," Richard said, "we call it a 'Lifestyle' party, but sex is a big part of it."

"And is your friend up to it?" Marion asked slyly. "Let me see." She reached over and opened Len's zipper. Sticking her hand in his pants, she exclaimed, 'Oh my, going Commando are we?" With that, she pulled his dick out and stroked it. "Yep, he's up for it."

"And what are you wearing under that short skirt?" Len asked, getting into the spirit of the affair.

"There's one way to find out," Marion teased. 

Sticking his hand under her dress, Len wasn't surprised to find that not only was she naked, she was bare. As he ran his finger across her smooth (and slightly wet) slit, Len said, "I suppose you were the inspiration for Astrid getting shaved."

"Hell, I was not only the inspiration, I did the shaving."

"Well, enough for now," Richard announced. We have to be host and hostess until ten o'clock. That's when we lock the doors and we turn into just two more guests. I'll find someone to show you guys around and let you know the rules."

"You save some of that for me, now," Marion said as she tucked Len's dick back into his pants. "And you too, dear," she directed to Astrid, kissing the big woman on each nipple.

Just then Len saw two couples coming out of the office. The men were dressed (?) in boxers and open dress shirts. Both women had on panties and one was pulling a shirt on. The second woman seemed content remaining nude from the waist up. As Len watched, the two women hugged, their tits rubbing together as they exchanged kisses. Both men had broad grins on their faces.

"Debby, come here a minute," Richard said to the half -naked woman. "This is the new couple we were telling you about. Meet Len and Astrid."

While Len felt a little uncomfortable shaking hands with a woman dressed only in her undies, no one else seemed ill at ease. But then Astrid also had her boobs swinging free. "I'm Debbie," she said, then to Richard, "Would you like me to show them around?"

"That would be nice, Deb. We've got to get back to our duties," Marion said. "I'll go check on the appetizers." With that, she headed off to the kitchen while Debbie led the couple into the living room.

"I believe you've been in the house before, haven't you?" she said to Astrid.

"Yes, I was here with Richard and Marion a few weeks ago."

"So, you probably know where the rooms are. Len, there is an office over there," indicating the room she had just come from. "There are mattresses on the floor, and that is a 'closed' room. You can go in there and close the door for privacy. There are two bedrooms that are also closed rooms off that hall over there. At the end of the hall is the master bedroom which has a king sized bed. Feel free to use it, but don't expect privacy. There's a bathroom in there and a fair amount of traffic to it. Sometimes folks will stop to watch, so be prepared for that. Would you like to see it?"

"I've seen it before," Astrid said, "the night I met Richard and Marion."

"This time there's probably people in there having sex," Debbie noted.

"There were that night, too. I was one of them." 

While Len knew he was not the only one Astrid was screwing, he hadn't expected her to be quite so open about it in front of him. But then, he hadn't expected to be standing around with two women with their tits waving in the breeze. "This is going to take some getting used to," he thought.

"What's this about 'rules?'" Len asked.

"There's really only one rule. That's simply 'No means no.' You can always say 'no' and that will be respected. By the same token, if someone says 'no' to you you will respect that also. The only other rule is no drugs. The cops love to bust parties like these so we take no chances on giving them an excuse."

Len saw that there were several couples sitting around the living room in front of the fire. Most were dressed, but several of the men wore only boxers. There were a couple of women in bra and panties, and one woman was completely nude. Len noted that the furniture had been covered with towels, he supposed because of the bare bottoms that would be on them.

"Now, you probably noticed," Debbie went on, "that clothing is optional throughout the house. The exception to that is the basement, that's the 'group room.' Clothing is not an option down there. You are free to go down to play or to watch, but you have to strip at least to your undies when you're there."

"That should be fun," Astrid said, "since Len's not wearing any."

"Oh well," Debbie said. "Sounds like he's prepared. In the basement, nearly anything goes. If you're playing down there, don't be surprised if people join you. If you don't want company, just say no. Otherwise your twosome will quickly become three or four or more. If you're in the mood for that, it can be a lot of fun. Some nights it's very busy down there. Would you like to see?"

"Sure," Astrid and Len said at the same time.

Debbie showed them to the stairs next to the kitchen. As they started down, a man in his undershorts joined them. "Rob, this is Astrid and Len. It's their first party," Debbie said.

"Glad to meet you two. Hope you have a good time."

"I'm sure we will," Astrid said, pulling her eyes away from his crotch where his dick seemed to be trying to poke out.

"Rob's a horny old fart, but we love him anyway," Debbie said. She reached down and gave his manhood a squeeze and added, "He seems to be more horny than usual tonight."

"I feel like a starving man at a buffet, looking at all these gorgeous titties," he said with a smile. then he reached up and gave each woman's left breast a quick squeeze before heading down the stairs.

When they got downstairs they found that it was one large room. There were comforters and mattresses covering nearly the whole floor, with chairs around the walls. There were also two sofas, and on one was the largest naked woman Len had ever seen. She had mounds of flesh falling in waves around her body. A young man was on his knees between her legs pushing four fingers in and out of her cunt. Standing next to her was an equally large black man, although he was big in a more muscular way. He was working a very large dick in and out of the fat woman's mouth.

"That's Monica," Debbie told them. "She's our resident sex fiend. The rest of us enjoy sex, but Monica wants it all. Her goal is usually to do everyone at the party. Sometimes she's successful. She's certainly had her way with me more than once."

"And that's Troy she's felating," Rob added. Troy's a retired pro football player. Now he comes to parties so women can fight over that fat dick of his. The rest of the time he seems to be buying up all of the undeveloped land in Iowa"

"It's not that long," Debbie commented, licking her lips, "but damn it's thick." Len assumed she was referring to the dick, not Iowa.

With that, Debbie turned to Len and said, "I think you're in violation of the dress code. Let me help remedy that," unbuttoning his shirt. As soon as that was open, she dropped to her knees and opened his pants. "At least you don't have any underwear to get in he way." At her direction Len stepped out of his pants. Debbie took him into her mouth, took him back out and said, "I think you better sit down for this." Len immediately moved back until he was sitting on one of the chairs against the wall. 

Len gasped as she took his cock back into her mouth. "Unhh," was all he could say as her nose pressed against him and her chin was brushing his balls. He said it over and over as the woman worked him in and out. Looking to his left, Len saw that Astrid was also on her knees, pulling Rob's shorts down. Len was amazed at the length of Rob's tool - at least 12 inches. Astrid seemed a little abashed, but she did her best to swallow the thing. As all three women worked on the cocks in their mouths Len laid his head back, determined to enjoy the blow job he had missed earlier.

Debbie pulled her mouth off him and said, "By the way, I was recently voted 'cock-sucker of the year.'" She took him back into her mouth, then released him again. "And I do swallow," she added, before engulfing him again.

Len didn't know whether to concentrate on the blow job he was getting, watching Astrid licking the giant cock of Rob's, or how Monica was doing with the fat thing in her mouth. Not to mention the guy who now had his whole fist in Monica's cunt. "Overload," was what went through his mind as he gave himself up to the pleasure Debbie was creating in his loins.

Astrid gave up trying to get Rob's foot-long into her throat, and squatted over him instead. Len watched the length of him disappear between her legs. Astrid had a dreamy smile on her face when she was completely impaled.

Just then, Troy cried out, "Oh yes, I'm cumming." Len saw the black cock disappear into the big woman's mouth, then reappear, dripping white cream off of it. He watched more of the cream leaking out of her lips, despite the fact she seemed to be valiantly swallowing. 

Looking down, Len saw his own dick disappearing into Debbie's mouth. Unable to hold back, he cried out, "Me too." With that, he surrendered to his own orgasm, pulsing a full load of semen down the woman's throat. She didn't spill a drop.

When he had finally emptied his balls into her mouth, Len pulled Debbie's face to his and gave her a kiss, tasting his cock on her lips. "Thank you so much," he said to the second woman who had ever swallowed his cum. "Now, can I eat your pussy?"

"You better," she answered, laying down on her back. Len arranged himself between her legs and covered her panty-clad crotch with his mouth. She was so wet and hot, he just sucked her through the cloth for a moment before pulling her panties off. Debbie moaned loudly as he stuck his tongue into her. "That's it, baby," she said and he licked and kissed her. "Oh yeah, thatsgoodthatsgood," she murmured.

Somewhere behind him Len heard Astrid moan with pleasure. He tried not to think about the man fucking his lover. Soon he was too involved with eating the cunt Debbie was presenting him to worry about what else was going on. Len licked and sucked at her clit as she urged him on. Then he dipped his tongue into her slit to taste what was leaking out of her. "Yesyeslickitlickit," she was saying as his tongue worked on her. Behind him he heard Astrid making animal noises. He knew she was nearing orgasm. Astrid and Rob both cried out, apparently cumming together. 

Soon Debbie was whimpering with pleasure. Her body tensed, and she forced herself harder against Len's face. More and more pussy juice was flowing from her. Len forced two fingers into her and tried to lick up all that was cumming out. "DamdamdamgoddamitImcumming," she cried. Debbie arched her back as the orgasm swept through her. Len kept licking at the cum she was emitting until finally she started to calm down.

"Oh hell that was good," Debbie said. Then she kissed him on his pussy soaked face. "Thank you so much. Now I gotta go check on my boyfriend. You guys have fun tonight." With that,she grabbed her panties and headed back upstairs. Len watched her bare bottom appreciatively until she was out of sight.

That's when Len looked over and saw Astrid. She was lying on her back with Monica was licking Rob's cum out of her. The big woman was on her knees, her face buried in Astrid's crotch. Behind her the young man who had been assaulting Monica's pussy with his hand was now fucking her. "Goddamn," was all he could think as he watched his lover being eaten out by another woman. Len sat back in his chair, holding onto his soft cock and watched the action before him. Soon Astrid was writhing with another orgasm, and the guy behind Monica was also cumming. Len could see Monica's rolls of fat quivering as she too seemed to be climaxing. "What the hell have I gotten myself into," he thought. Len had never even imagined himself at an orgy, but here he was in the middle of one.

When the three-way orgasm finally ended, Astrid pushed Monica away and crawled over to where Len was sitting. She asked, "Are you having fun, lover?" Before he could answer she kissed him on the mouth. "You must be," she answered her own question, "your face tastes like pussy. Then she leaned over and took a quick suck on his cock. "And this thing's getting hard again. Are you glad I made you come - to the party, I mean?"

"Oh yes," he sighed. "I wouldn't have missed this for the world. And you seem to be getting plenty of enjoyment. I didn't know you were interested in other women."

"Neither did I until Marion seduced me. This was only my second time, and Monica just kinda snuck up on me me. I was watching you eating Debbie's pussy and suddenly there she was."

"I didn't see you fighting her off."

"Oh no. It was pretty kinky, but felt good. It's not often I meet a woman bigger than me, and to have her go down on me was a thrill. Did you enjoy the show?"

"Oh yeah. It was quite a performance." As soon as he said that, Monica came over and sat at his knee.

"So, this is your partner?" she said the Astrid. "Mind if I use him a little?"

"Be my guest, but first we're gonna need to get him up for it." The two women then proceeded to lick his dick, one tongue on either side. As Len began to get harder, Astrid took him into her mouth while Monica sucked on his balls. Len thought he was in heaven. He had never dreamed of having two women at the same time.

Astrid pulled him from her mouth and the two women kissed, using lots of tongue - with his cock-head in between. When they broke the kiss, Astrid held his hard dick up and said to Monica, "He seems to be ready now."

"Yes he is," Monica observed. "Let me get this on him." She rolled a condom down over his erection, carefully pinching the tip to get the air out. Then she got on her back and ordered, "Now fuck me."

Len laid down next to her. He put one leg under hers, and the other between them. This allowed his cock direct access to her slit. He knew if he'd laid on top of her, the size of her stomach would have kept him for entering her fully. He and Astrid often used this position successfully.

Len rotated his hips, moving in and out of her grasping cunt. "Oh,that's nice baby," she murmured. "This is a great position." As Len continued to fuck Monica with slow, deep strokes, Astrid moved over beside the couple. Astrid took Len's balls in her hand, caressing them gently. From that position she could also use her other hand to rub Monica's clit. Soon Astrid had leaned her head over where she was just able to get her tongue on Len as he slid in and out. When he was buried completely, Astrid's tongue went to work on the big woman's swollen nub. "Unh-huh, unh-huh," Monica was murmuring, encouraging the stimulation she was getting. "Fuck me harder, please - HARDER," Monica demanded.

As Len started banging more forcefully into Monica, Astrid moved again. "OHMYGODAstrid!" he yelled as her tongue flicked across his asshole.

Then Monica cried out, "Whatever you're doing keep it up. Feels so good to me." Then, "OHFUCKIMGONNACUMIMGONNACUM!"

"Oh shit, me too," Len cried out as Astrid poked her tongue into his backside. "OHMYGODOHMYGOD!!" The two bodies on the floor writhed and rubbed together as one giant climax shook them. Astrid took her tongue out of his ass and replaced it with her finger, which drove him even deeper into Monica and deeper into his orgasm. She continued to butt-fuck him until he couldn't stand it any longer and begged her to stop.

Finally he collapsed, still stuck inside of Monica who continued to squirm until her orgasm also died. "I think that was the best yet," she gasped. Thank you so much. And thank you too, Astrid. You two are make a great team."

"Glad we could please you," Astrid said with a smile. "You made me feel pretty good earlier you know."

The three of them lay together a few minutes, then slowly untangled. As Len rid himself of the filled condom, Astrid kissed him on the face, then she kissed Monica. "Now," Astrid said. "I need a glass of wine. Let's go upstairs and open that bottle you brought." Astrid pulled on her panties and started upstairs. As Len reached for his pants she asked, "Why don't leave those off. I'd like to show you off."
