 Charlie's '65 Oldsmobile was big and luxurious. There was room in the front seat for a whole family and room for all their furniture in the back. Ethan hardly felt the bump when Charlie drove into the parking lot of the Playhouse, one of those new, upscale men's entertainment places.

Right away, a smartly dressed valet rushed out to meet them. He trotted to Charlie's side of the car.

"Good evening, gentlemen," he said.

Charlie started to explain why they didn't need to have their car parked, but a woman's voice cut him off.

"That's my ride, Frank," she said.

Frank turned to look at her, and she emerged into the glow of the headlights.

So this was Lena. Ethan's mouth fell open. He watched her walk toward the car in the glow of the headlights. This wasn't a girl they were picking up. This was a woman.

"My God. Great idea to pick her up," Ethan said.

"Thanks."

Lena was tall and redheaded and had long legs encased in pale stockings that went up to her mid-thigh, held up by garter straps. She strutted confidently, smiling as she approached the car. She said something to Frank the valet, patted his cheek, and continued toward the car.

Everything about her bounced as she walked. Her tiny, super-short pink skirt bounced, revealing glimpses of her tiny, frilly white panties and the garter belt. Her thick, big head of wavy, dark red hair bounced and swayed around her glowing face. Her plump, round breasts bounced, barely contained by the tight, tissue-paper thin cutoff tank top. She wore no bra beneath it, and her dark nipples were visible through it, as obvious as the sun on a cloudless day. Her face was childlike. She had lovely, large, brown eyes, a tiny nose, and full lips. The lower lip was heavier, more sensual than the upper lip. Her waist was narrow, her hips flared out beautifully, and her legs were long and strong. She looked like she had just stepped off the stairway from heaven.

She came to Ethan's side of the car and leaned in his open window.

"Hi Charlie. Thanks for picking me up," she said.

"No problem, Lena. This is Ethan," Charlie said.

"Hi," she said.

"Hi," Ethan said, and struggled to keep himself from looking down the front of her shirt.

"Where do we go?" Charlie said.

"Down by the Harrison docks," Lena said.

"Ok. Get in."

Lena lifted the handle on the passenger door and pulled it open. Ethan started to get out, but Lena put her hand on his shoulder.

"Don't get out. I'll slide in between you two," she said.

Ethan pressed himself into the seat to give her as much room as he could. Lena put her foot in the car, flipped the back of the tiny skirt up, revealing the back of her panties, plopped her soft ass in his lap, and closed the door. Ethan put his hands around her slender waist and felt her delicious warmth and softness. Charlie started the car and drove off.

Lena squirmed her ass on Ethan's lap and looked at him.

"You have a hard on," she said.

She pressed her soft cheeks on his erection. The stiff ridge of his penis found its way between her cheeks.

"And a big one, too." She looked across at Charlie. "You didn't tell me this boy was hung."

"Didn't I? Must have slipped my mind," Charlie said.

"I'm sure it did," Lena said, and slid off Ethan's lap onto the seat between the two guys.

"So who is this guy we're going to see?" Ethan said.

"He's a deadhead I know from years ago. If I blow him, he'll give me an ounce of hash," Lena said.

"He's not a cop, is he?" Ethan said.

Lena laughed. "Benton? A cop? That's good. He's too wasted to be a cop." She laughed again and put her hand on Ethan's thigh, feeling his erection. "Damn that's big. How come you never told me your friend was built like a truck?" she said to Charlie, while she looked into Ethan's eyes.

Charlie shrugged. "You never asked."

"Of course not. Nice girls don't ask things like that."

"Nice girls don't have to ask," Ethan said.

Lena appeared to be scrutinizing him.

"You're not a virgin, are you?" she said.

"No."

"I didn't think so." She looked down at her hand on his thigh then back up at his eyes. "Are you gay?"

"No," Ethan said.

She leaned closer. "I didn't mean anything by that gay stuff. I just wanted to make sure before I, you know, tried anything." She squeezed his erection.

"What would you have done if I was gay?"

Lena shrugged. "Not much, I guess. Not much I can do. I've tried to fix gay guys, but it never works. I hate it when guys go gay on me. It's such a waste of manhood. So when are you going to let me see this tool? Or are you gonna keep it a secret from me all night?"

"Right here?" Ethan said.

"Yes. Right here."

Her fingers unfastened the button on his jeans. He straightened his legs to allow her to pull the zipper down.

"How did you guys meet? I didn't think many high school guys dated strippers," he said.

The zipper finally gave way and Lena reached into his jeans. Ethan sucked in his breath when her cold fingers wrapped around his shaft.

"Oh my," she sighed.

"We've known each other for years. Lena was my sister's best friend from grade school," Charlie said.

"Until she got married and moved to Tampa," Lena said. She pulled Ethan's penis out of his pants like she was pulling a dangerous snake out of a bag. It came free and she gasped. "Oh my goodness."

Her hand moved slowly up and down his shaft.

"So what happened?" Ethan said.

"When we were kids, Lena and my sister would hold me down and do all sorts of crap to me like rub mud in my face and make me eat bugs."

"It was a lot of fun," Lena said, and grinned at Ethan.

Charlie went on. "Then they started taking my clothes off and stuffing things down my underwear."

"That was when it got good," Lena said.

"That was when we both discovered I had an erection," Charlie said. "They had me tied down and pulled off my underwear and played with it until I came."

"It shocked all of us," Lena said, shaking her head.

"How old were you?" Ethan said.

"Lisa and I were sixteen or seventeen. He was about thirteen."

"Thirteen and a half," Charlie said.

"Fine. Thirteen and a half."

"What happened after that?" Ethan said.

"We made him fuck us," Lena said.

"Over and over."

"That doesn't sound too rough," Ethan said.

"It wasn't," they said together, and laughed.

"And Lena and I have been doing it ever since," Charlie said.

Lena sighed. "And it got better and better as he got bigger and bigger." She put her left hand in Charlie's lap and stroked his thigh. "Two guys with hard-ons. What's a girl supposed to do?"

"I can think of something," Ethan said, and reached for her waist.

"Don't get started with anything. We're here," Charlie said, turning the car down a gravel driveway.

Ethan groaned, and released Lena.

"Why couldn't you drive slower?" he said.

"You guys could have got in the back seat," Charlie said. He shut off the car. "Now put your pants back on. I don't think this guy'll give us anything if you're naked."

Lena looked at Charlie, trying to be serious while Ethan crammed his penis back into his pants, but she giggled. Charlie looked deadly serious for a moment, then laughed with her. Ethan looked up at them. They were both looking at him. He blushed.

"Oh, aren't you so cute," Lena said, placing her hand on his cheek. "I don't think I ever saw a guy blush before."

"Oh great," Ethan said.

He quickly let himself out to finish pulling up his pants. Lena and Charlie got out and started toward the house. Ethan followed them, walking awkwardly without being able to bend his right leg all the way.

Lena led them to the door of a small, dark two-story apartment building. Most of the windows along the side were dark, and it was quiet enough that Ethan could hear the water from the river lapping against the shore. He paused for a moment to look up at the shining moon.

He heard Lena speaking, then heard the door buzzer. She opened the door.

"Come on," she said.

Ethan slipped in behind Charlie.

Lena had already started up the stairs. Charlie was right behind her. Ethan couldn't help stare up at Lena's gorgeous ass. The white strip of her lacy panties was crammed between her soft, round cheeks, and the tiny skirt bounced off her ass with each step she climbed. As she turned and made her way up the second flight of stairs, he peeled his eyes away and shook his head. She looked great. The stiffness between his legs was now a dull, excruciating ache, dying to feel itself pressed between those soft cheeks. He began up the stairs.

Lena was knocking on one of the apartment doors when he reached the second floor landing. He was feeling sillier and sillier about all of this the closer he got to the apartment. There was nothing like getting busted for a drug deal to ruin his chances of playing pro hockey. He would much rather skip the hash and get Lena into bed.

Ethan got to the apartment door. Lena and Charlie were waiting for someone to open it. Lena knocked again. They could hear music from inside, a Van Morrison song. Lena and Charlie looked at each other. She shook her head.

"He does this every time," Lena said, and knocked again. "He gets so stoned he can hardly think straight. I hope he hasn't done that tonight. He knows I'm coming over."

She knocked again. Ethan stared at her. How often did she do this?

Finally the door opened. It swung open slowly, revealing the interior of the apartment a little at a time. But the person on the other side of the door was not a guy, but a girl. Her face was obscured by her long, straight hair and dark sunglasses. She wore an old, faded football jersey with the number 32 on it and a tattered pair of jeans. She was barefoot.

"Who are you?" the girl said in a slurred voice.

"I'm here to see Benton," Lena said.

"Ok, cool. Come on in," the girl said, and turned away.

Lena shrugged and they followed her in.

The room was bathed in a dim, reddish light and reeked of pot smoke. The Van Morrison music was no more than a poorly balanced drone with the bass turned way too high.

They stepped through a doorway draped with beads. A grubby looking guy in a chair against the far wall jumped up immediately.

"Lena," he shouted, and ran up to hug her.

The girl who let them in sat down on a beanbag beside another equally grubby looking guy and ignored everyone else in the room. The guy beside her, whose long, orangish hair was pulled back in a ponytail, seemed oblivious to the planet he was on.

Benton, who had shaggy, curly hair and was wearing a baggy, paisley-printed shirt, was whispering in Lena's ear. She giggled and nodded.

"Have a seat, guys," she said, waving absently in the direction of Ethan and Charlie, and walked off holding Benton's hand.

Ethan looked around. The only thing to sit on was a pair of beat up beanbags. Lena and Benton returned to Benton's armchair and she settled on his lap like a daughter waiting for a bedtime story from her father. Benton wore a grin so big it told the rest of the world to fuck off, he had a hot babe in his lap.

Ethan got the point. He picked a beanbag and sat. Charlie sat in the other. Between them was a low table with a lamp and an ashtray stuffed with cigarette butts and chewed bubblegum.

The red haired guy and the girl with the sunglasses were smoking a joint, and Lena and Benton seemed to be absorbed in themselves, laughing at things they were telling each other. There was a tv next to the other guy and girl and Ethan would have loved to turn it on to watch anything, but he didn't feel too comfortable about getting up to turn it on. He doubted it worked, anyway.

The girl got up, went into the kitchen and returned a moment later with a bottle of Pepsi. She opened the bottle and handed it to the red haired guy, who passed her the joint. She took a deep hit and passed it back to him, and stood there in the middle of the room, moving to the music. Ethan wouldn't have minded a cold Coke, and he was pretty sure Charlie wouldn't have minded, either. However, neither the guy nor the girl seemed too interested in sharing what they had. It gave him an uneasy feeling this was going to take all night.

Lena had changed her position on Benton's lap. She was straddling him, facing him. Her arms were up over her head and she was writhing, like she was giving him a lapdance. His hands were on her hips, just under her skirt.

For a moment, Ethan felt a pang of anger and jealousy, but he didn't know why. Sure, he would have done anything to be in that guy's position right then, watching this gorgeous woman writhe on his lap, but what should he care? She wasn't his girlfriend. He had no reason to feel jealous, and she wasn't trying to make him feel jealous. So why was he jealous?

The girl with the sunglasses grabbed the bottom of her jersey and slowly pulled it off over her head while she swung her hips to the music. Ethan and Charlie looked at each other.

She was naked under the shirt, and skinny. Her bony ribs and small breasts made her look undernourished. She unbuttoned her jeans and let them drop to the floor. She wasn't wearing panties, either. She looked like a young, bony, awkward girl, except that she moved like a woman. She certainly wasn't ugly, she just wasn't like Lena's kind of sexy.

He turned his attention back to Lena. She had got up and was holding Benton's hand, helping him out of the chair and leading him through the drape of beads over the doorway into his bedroom. Ethan sighed. So much for integrity.

The skinny girl was still naked, except for her sunglasses, and she was working on the red haired guy's pants. The way he was sucking on the joint, maybe he hadn't noticed what she was doing. She got the pants open, though, and his erection popped up. His eyes were closed, he was holding the joint on a roach clip with his pinky extended, and he had a big, dumb grin on his face, but he knew he was going to get laid, which was more than Ethan could say for himself that night.

The girl stood over the red haired guy with her legs on either side of the beanbag. She squatted down, reached between her legs, and quickly lowered herself on his dick. The guy's expression didn't change. The girl continued to move to the beat of the music, except that she was going up and down instead of side to side.

Ethan could not tell what was going on in Benton's room. He could just see the end of the futon on the floor, but he couldn't see if anyone was on it. Occasionally, Lena would move in and out of his view in the doorway, and each time she was wearing less. The more he saw of her naked, the more jealous he got, even though he didn't understand why. She was just fucking Benton for the free hash. Ethan just wanted to fuck her because she looked great, which wasn't much different. So why did he feel miserable about it? Because she could be out here fucking him instead of the pothead, that's why.

The only action the red headed guy made on his own was to grab the girl's tit with his free hand. She seemed much less passive than him, although neither of them appeared to care too much about what happened around them. They obviously didn't care if a couple of strangers watched them fuck.

Two pair of feet appeared at the end of the futon, visible through the doorway only up to the ankles. It looked like Lena was on top, judging by the position of the pretty pair of feet. He could hear them moaning and laughing above the music. He had to tear his eyes away. It was agonizing to have to watch other people fuck without having a turn himself.

The girl with the sunglasses started screaming at the top of her lungs and tossing her head around like it was about to come off. Obviously, she was cumming. The last thing Ethan expected from her was to be so vocal about it. She was hardly vocal about much else.

For a while she was hunched over the guy, breathing hard, her palms on his chest and her arms straight to support herself. The guy had his head turned to the side, puffing on a joint he held by a clip in his left hand, while he squeezed one of her tits with his right hand. Every rib in her torso stuck out when her chest expanded to suck in a breath, even around to her backside.

She pulled off her sunglasses and looked over her right shoulder at Ethan. He could only see her right eye from under her stringy hair. It was a little glazed over, but she was looking right at him.

She lifted herself off the guy and his thin penis slipped out of her hole. Turning sluggishly on one foot, she moved toward Ethan.

Her bare feet padded on the hard wood floor one in front of the other like a slinky cat. Balance seemed to grow more and more challenging for her with each step.

She knelt down in front of him and put her hands on his knees. The corners of her mouth were turned up in a distracted, playful grin. Looking into her face, he realized she was older than he had first thought. Her face had a few faint wrinkles and she wore a slightly worn, tired look. How much of it was caused by the drugs, he couldn't tell.

Her hands moved up the insides of his thighs toward his groin.

"Ever had a blowjob, kid?" she said, gazing into his eyes.

Her left hand moved over the lump of his erection in his pant leg, but she didn't seem to notice.

"Once or twice," Ethan said.

He glanced at Charlie. Hee was almost laughing. Her hands reached for his zipper.

"Then you're a lucky guy."

Ethan looked to the doorway to the other room, where Lena was still rolling on the bed.

"Maybe," he said.

The girl was trying to pull his jeans down and he hated to stop her. He'd love to get a blowjob sometime tonight, but he'd prefer one from Lena. He gave in and lifted his hips so she could get his jeans off.

She held the waist of his jeans and tugged them down toward herself to about the middle of his thigh. Most of his dick was exposed, but the head and part of the shaft was still covered. The girl reached for it, held it as if she might be picking up a slimy lizard by its body, and drew it free of his jeans.

"Just tell me when you're gonna cum so I can take it out of my mouth," she said in a slurred voice as she stroked the shaft.

"Sure," Ethan said.

The girl nodded. When she blinked, her eyelids moved sluggishly, in slow motion. She stuck her tongue out past her lips and licked the head.

Ethan watched her tongue move around on the head of his cock. How old could she really be? She looked thirty, but maybe she was older than that. Would that make her better at sucking than any of the girls his own age?

She touched the tip of the head to her lower lip and slowly sucked it into her mouth. Her eyes were closed. Her head moved slowly back and forth. Her mouth felt so warm and wet and soft around the end of his cock. This was a woman with years of experience with a penis in her mouth.

Ethan looked at Charlie. He shrugged. Ethan sat back with a deep sigh. He only hoped he had the time to let her finish.

She was very gentle and very deliberate. She worked her mouth slowly down on the shaft until the head touched the back of her mouth, then sucked firmly as she drew her head back. As the head left her mouth, she closed her lips tightly around it so that she was kissing the tip. Ethan's eyes rolled back in his head and he groaned. 

The Van Morrison record ended abruptly, leaving the apartment immersed in an unearthly silence. Once Ethan's ears adjusted to the silence, he heard only the soft, wet sucking sounds of the older girl's mouth on his rod and the gentle moans Lena made in the other room. The red-haired guy got up, went to the stereo, removed the record, put on the next one and put the Van Morrison album back in the old peach crate with all the other old albums. Ethan watched him through the slits of his barely open eyelids.

A moment later, a Doors tune blared from the speakers. Ethan jumped and accidentally jammed his cock into the girl's puffy, soft lips. The head struck the back of her mouth and pushed partway down her throat.
