 Chapter Two - The Weekend Slut

Lena would usually spend her Saturday mornings sleeping in until ten, breakfast, a few laps in the swimming pool, a long hot shower, on the phone with Chad or one of her friends, which would lead to an outing with either, mostly with Chad.

On this Saturday morning, Lena did not expect try on g-strings with an older gentleman who she just meet and had sex with the previous night. She looks in the full-length mirror of the small dressing room she and Eddie occupies, wearing a purple bikini with g-string, something she would never wear fearing how her parents would react is seeing her in such a swimsuit or lack of. Much like the other four divulging articles of swimwear Eddie picked for her.

"What's the point of wearing this?" So Lena asks Eddie, sitting near her. "I might of well be naked."

"Eventually." Eddie humorously answers. "But this leaves some to the imagination."

"Not much. At best, men will wonder what my nipples well look like."

Eddie stands up and with one step is behind Lena. His hands move under Lena's arms and to her breasts, he gently pulls the bikini top exposing her pert nipples.

"Then wear it like this." advises Eddie.

Lena watches Eddie's hands in the mirror fondle the breasts their holding. She says nothing and lets him do what he wants with her. She sees one of the hands slides down under the thin strip of lycra between her thighs. Lena closes her eyes as feels the fingers play with her clit and feels his crotch pressed against her ass. 

"That feel good, honey?" asks Eddie.

Lena only responds with an intense moan. Her hand instinctively takes hold the wrist of the interfering hand in her g-string and guides it deeper inside her. She uses her free hand to pull off the g-string and let it fall down her legs, and then kicks it aside. 

"You want to fuck me here?" Lena invites, turning her head to look to Eddie.

"Fuck yeah, babe." eagerly replies Eddie. "I want to fuck you up the ass right here and now."

"Let me blow you. Please" Lena offers. Lena reaches behind her to undo her bikini top as turn to face Eddie. She watches Eddie's fervent eyes fixed on her exposed tits as she removes the bikini top and drops it on the floor. 

As she has done with her boyfriend and without being ordered, Lena reaches to unbutton and unzip Eddie's pants and releases his hard prick. She kneels in front of Eddie and lightly strokes it to fortify the erection. Lena silently take a deep breath and mentally prepares the will she needs, then moves her head to the stiff cock in front of her face.

Lena sucks the cock a bit faster then usual. Feeling the pressing lips and the caressing tongue, Eddie starts to groan with delight.

"That's a good girl." Utters Eddie, gazing at the reflection of Lena's ass on the mirror. Wanting to hurry her task, Lena sucks and caresses faster. Eddie slams both hands on the opposite walls of the dressing room to secure himself.

"Oh, you little slut." Eddie exclaims in a low tone. "Keep going!"

Lena motions faster and faster. She tastes semen from the tip of his penis, she knows she has keep her pace going to successfully please Eddie. She caresses the base of the cock with one hand and caresses the dangling testicles with the other. She knows the climax in coming and continues her efforts to ...

"How's it going in there?" a female voice from the other side of the dressing room door startles Lena, causing her quickly pull her mouth away and look to the direction of the voice, then looks up at Eddie, equally surprised. They both figure it's one of the store's sales clerk.

"I'm - I'm just - I'm having trouble deciding what to buy." Lena replies, tries to sound calm. "Am I taking too long?"

"Oh, don't worry about that. Take your time."

Being as quiet as they can be, Lena and Eddie hear the clerk walk away. Without a word, Eddie's hand grabs Lena's hair and forces her head back to his hard and wet cock. Lena's mouth resumes her oral pursuit, feeling the cock is harder than before, until she tastes the discharge of semen. Eddie releases his hold on Lena's head. Lena slows her motions as she continues to suck the remainder of the jizz.

Finally, Lena pulls away and sits herself on the floor curled up with her back against the wall, wiping the cum from her lips. Eddie places his spent member back in his pants.

"You got off on that, didn't you?" Lena asks, looking up to Eddie. "That employee checking on us?"

"Fuck, yeah." Eddie replies. "Didn't you?"

"No. I was scared shitless. I thought we were going to get caught."

"I know. That added to the excitement when I blew my load in your mouth."

Lena presses her forehead to knees and closes her eyes. She reminds herself why she is this situation with Eddie. She remembers waking up next to Eddie and how relived she felt thinking the night of coerced sex was over and his deal with Chad was settled, only to have Eddie make a deal with her. Eddie explained how it wasn't enough to help Chad with his out of control gambling. Eddie convinced Lena that he could ban Chad from high-stakes gambling, but not without a price.

Lena remembers reluctantly walking back to the bed she thought she would never lie on again with Eddie and plead to him. It wasn't enough for Eddie that Lena simply ask what he wanted, he wanted her to beg.

Eddie teasingly stated that Lena may not go along with Eddie's demands and will walk out on their deal, giving him no reason to un-invite Chad next time they share a poker game, making Lena promise to carry out whatever he requests are no matter what. Lena remembers knelling on the bedroom floor, pleading with Eddie to the point of crying until he was finally convinced of Lena's devotion to their agreement.

"Get up." Eddie commends. Lena looks to Eddie with mild contempt, then stands up and walks to her clothes gathered to the other end of the room. 

"So which ones do you like to wear?" inquires Eddie, picking up the purple g-string off the floor.

"You can decide that." Lena answers, donning her panties. "They're all equally skanky."

"Fine by me, honey."

Lena can't help but feel self-conscious walking to the marina on a clear sunny day wearing a bright red bikini and g-string, feeling the eyes of passersby on her mostly exposed ass. She looks at Eddie walking next to her, noticing a small, composed smile on his face. Lena deduces that a person like Eddie is shallow enough to feel pride walking with a considerably young girl with a great body wearing little or no clothing, which would suggest is promiscuous. 

Lena contains her emotional discomfort as she follows Eddie pass the yachts docked on the pier.

"So you own a boat here?" Lena nervously asks.

"A friend of mine does." Answers Eddie, who stops Lena and raises his sunglasses to face her. "Before we go any further, I want to know if you're willing to go through this?"

"You told me if I spend the weekend with you and your friends, you'll cut off Chad from your poker games. That's the deal, right?"

"Yeah. And if any of them want to fuck you, you'll do it. Got that?" Eddie instructs. Lena pauses for a few seconds.

"Yes." Sighs Lena.

"Good. Now smile." Eddie further instructs. Lena forces her mouth to form a smile, but not a convincing one. "You can do better then that."

"I don't think any of your friends will notice a fake smile." Lena states in a measured tone of defiance. 

"Well, if we they do, just flash your tits at them." Jokes Eddie, snidely grinning. Still holding her faux smile, Lena makes no gesture of amusement to Eddie's joke.

Lena and Eddie make their way to an 80-foot motor yacht and meets the men abroad. Lena is kindly greeted by the yacht's owner, Todd, a man in his late forties with black hair but gray at the temples. Lena finds him somewhat handsome for a man the same age as her father. She then meets Harris, roughly older than Eddie with blond hair and well tanned, handsome as well, Victor, at 5'8 seems the shortest of Eddie's friends, late forties with light brown balding hair, considerably good looking, and Pete, a slender man in his mid-twenties with auburn hair holding a beer in one hand and a camcorder in the other. Only Pete made Lena feel uneasy with his constant ogling and with his camcorder aimed at her, or rather parts of her.

As the yacht sent sail, Lena watches the marina get smaller and smaller until she can only see the ocean water and blue skies. For, at most, an hour, Lena would make small talk with the men, putting herself slightly at ease with them, despite knowing their sexual attraction to her.

The yacht finally stops, surrounded by open water with nothing in sight. Lena watches the men begin to set up their poker game in the posh living room of the yacht.

Unable to find any sun block, Lena would be inside with the poker party. At first, she sits on a couch looking out through the window, watching the sun slowly fall, then later Eddie would ask her to get beer or chips from the kitchenette. Then, at Eddie's "request", Lena would give him back rubs. Despite feeling the beginning of her degradation, Lena obliges with a faux smile.

Later on as night begins, Todd takes a break from the game to make a round of Tequila Shooters. Eddie hands Lena a shoot glass, coaxing her to slam it down. Naturally Lena is reluctant, which then the rest of the men voice their insistence. With no other choice, Lena takes a deep breath and quickly pours the beverage in her mouth and forces it swallow it all in one gulp. Lena instantaneously regrets this action as the searing taste of drink causes her cough wildly. The men laugh at Lena's novice consumption of alcohol as she regains her breathing. Coming back to her senses, she spots Pete sitting across the table with his camcorder, recording her brief ordeal.

"Isn't she something, guys?" Eddie boasts, wrapping his arm around Lena's waist and pulls her close to him. "This girl well try anything once."

"That's very strong." Says Lena, holding her smile as she rubs her throat.

"How did you find a nice piece of ass like her, Eddie?" Victor asks.

"Well, Lena's a real-life naughty private school girl." Eddie continually boasts. "I fucked her all last night and she couldn't get enough. Ain't that right, honey?"

Lena holds back her embarrassment and maintains her composure. "Yes."

"You know, guys, how about we made the next round interesting?" Eddie proposes. Lena feels her stomach in knots, which she can only perceive as a bad omen. "Next winner of this round gets to fuck Lena."

Lena watches the eyes of Eddie's friends light up with excitement and lust.

"Fuck, yeah." Responds Pete, still with the camcorder on Lena, not smiling anymore, but still appearing calm. Todd and Victor silently accept Eddie's proposed prize.

"Before we start," Eddie looks at Lena. "Why don't you take those shoe laces off, babe? Let the guys see you in the buff." 

Lena gives Eddie a brief scowl for this exploitation and then turns her back to Todd, sitting next to him.

"Could you untie my top?" Lena asks, trying to appear compliant. Todd does so, slowly pulling the string to release the bikini top. Lena feels her heart racing as she pulls the bikini top from her, revealing her smooth, soft tits, much the delight of her on-lookers. She looks into Pete's camcorder as she slowly pulls her g-string down, leaving her completely naked.

"Let me get a good look at that pussy." Says Pete, standing from his chair and walks around the table the young naked girl, still recording. For the next twenty minutes, at Pete's requests, Lena would pose like porn star for the camcorder, turning around, do brief provocative dances, cup her tits, slap her ass several times. 

Finally, the card game begins and Lena sits on the coach. As she waits, Lena thinks of her nude performance and realizes some of it felt liberating. Maybe even arousing. She finds herself being excited at the thought of these men competing to fuck her. She wonders if she'll have to fuck just one of them or all of them. Lena's mind begins to entertain the thought of being fucked by them. Could she handle her first gang-bang, she ponders. Would they be gentle with her if she asked them to? 

Lena then discovers the dampness of her pussy, she becomes scared of what she's doing. She hopes the men didn't notice this, fearing the outcome, but then she finds herself coming to terms with sexual urges over her good girl morals and is not scared anymore.

"Hurry it up, guys." Lena calls to the card-players. "I'm getting wet."

Lena jumps on the bed in one of the cabins and gets under the sheets. She looks to Todd, already out of his clothes with a huge erection. Todd takes hold of the sheets and pulls them off the bed, leaving Lena with no cover. Lena playfully acts modest and surprised as Todd gets on the bed.

"So how many guys you fucked?" asks Todd, sliding himself next to Lena.

"You'd be my second," answers Lena. "Eddie was my first."

"So you're good of a lay as Eddie described?"

"I'll let you determine that." Lena replies with a smile and moves herself to Todd's cock. Immediately, she sucks and strokes the hard manhood moderately to build pleasure for her host, much to his enjoyment. Lena stops the oral and moves herself over Todd, lowering her pussy to envelop his cock. Lena moans as she feels the penetration inside her and instinctively bounces wildly. 

"You like it so far?" Lena inquires between moans.

"Oh, fuck yeah." Blurts Todd. "Your pussy's so tight."

Todd's hands move to Lena hip and pull her upper body down to him; his mouth attacks Lena's and launches his tongue in her mouth, Lena's tongue surrenders to the attacking tongue as she continues her pelvic thrusts. Todd then suddenly rolls himself on top of Lena, holds her wrists down and violently rams his hard cock in her wet cunt, growing the excitement between them.

"YES!" shrieks Lena. "FUCK ME, HARD!" 

Lena's words causes the thrusts get to harder and harder as Lena feels the mounting pleasure of an orgasm coming. 

"DON'T STOP! PLEASE DON'T STOP!" Lena demands.

"Maybe I should fuck your ass." Todd utters. "You'd love that, wouldn't ya?" Lena says nothing. Anal sex was something she hoped never to experience, not even with her boyfriend, but she finds her inhibitions and her will dwindling with every lustful thrust of Todd's cock. 

"Wouldn't you?" Todd assertively repeats.

"YES!" Lena yells out. "FUCK ME MY ASS! FUCK MY ASS!"

Todd pulls his cock from Lena's cunt, grabs one of her legs and forces her on her stomach. Lena feels Todd's wet and hard cock drive itself into her sphincter, feeling excruciating pain. Lena presses her face against a pillow to muffle the sounds of pain as Todd brutally pounds his member up her ass.

Concentrating on her pleasure, Lena moves her hand under her to her pussy, the slightest touch of her clit reactivated her pleasures. Pushing two fingers in her cunt, Lena feels her orgasm approaching. As the pain of the anal penetration lessens, Lena raises her face from the pillow, beginning to enjoy it.

"THAT'S IT!" Says Lena. "BLOW YOUR LOAD IN MY ASS!"

Todd's make a loud grunt as he feels his cock ejaculate with intense caliber. Lena's senses go wild as she feels her most mind-numbing orgasm yet. Totally spent, Todd pulls his cock from his young guest's ass and lies down next to her. Lena rolls on her back, smelling the musk in the air. She is shocked to find herself getting aroused again after having sex with Todd, her mind then thinks of the four other men who want fuck her as well. She begins to worry that she pass some moral point of no return if she continues with the debauchery she's in. She breaths in the smell of sweaty sex and feel her uncertainties vanish.

Todd and Lena return to the living room to the other guests. Lena remained naked, this time for her own enjoyment as well the male passengers, while Todd only wear his trousers. Sitting at the table, Todd enlightens his friends on copulating with Lena over Tequila shooters and other drinks while Lena sitting on Eddie's lap listens, sipping from Eddie's screwdriver, thinking at first it was orange juice. Not long after Todd tells and re-tells his sexual escapee with his teenage guest in every detail, Lena submits to Pete's demands to dance provocatively for his camcorder to music from the stereo for at least half-an-hour.

"Shake that ass!" yells Victor, sitting on the couch with Eddie, both with their preferred choice of beverage.

Lena playfully walks to Victor, standing at arms reach, she turns her back to him, swaying and gyrating her hips. 

"You know how give a lap dance?" Victor requests.

Without a word, Lena lowers her firm ass to Victor lap, centering on the crouch. To Victor's absolute delight, she gyrates and grids her ass against his cock concealed in his pants. Lena looks at the lens of Pete's camcorder fixed on her.

"Am I doing this right?" Lena asks.

"Fuck, yeah sweet cheeks." Victor answers.

"You could a get a job at the Venus Lounge." Says Harris, sitting at the table with Todd.

"That's a strip bar, isn't it?" Lena asks, looking to Todd.

"Yeah." Todd answers. "I can see you working there as a stripper."

"Your boyfriend ever took you to a peeler bar?" Eddie inquires.

"No." answers Lena. "But I learned how from one of his porno's."

Lena suddenly feels Victor's hands cupping her tit from behind her. Continuing her pelvic motions, Lena looks to the camcorder, then she notices Eddie removing his clothes.

"Never thought you'd be in a porno yourself, did ya?" smugly asks Pete.

As completely naked as Lena, Eddie moves to her and pulls her off Victor. Lena is guided to kneel on the floor, facing Eddie's stiff prick. She gently wraps her fingers around the cock and licks the head teasingly. She then takes the whole cock in her mouth and motions her head as she done before. 

"Ya see, guys?" Eddie says. "This slut knows how to please a man."

Lena pulls her head from Eddie's cock and up to him, smiling. 

"Too bad you forgot you little blue pills." Says Lena.

Looking down on Lena, Eddie smiles and reveals a small plastic bag concealed in his hand. The blue pills Lena saw Eddie take last night was contained in the bag.

"The party's just getting stated, honey." States Eddie as he passes the bag to Victor. Eddie takes hold of Lena's wrist and gently guides her to stand, suddenly Lena being carried over Eddie's shoulder.

"You're going to get a fucking like you never had before, babe." 

Eddie takes Lena to another cabin and drops her on the bed. On her back, Lena moves to the middle of the bed, looking deep into Eddie's eyes as he crawls on the bed to her.

"Not getting any second thoughts, are you?" ask Eddie.

"No." answers Lena. "You want me to fuck your friends and I well. Just as we agreed."

"So you're not excited about your first gang-bang?" inquires Eddie. 

Just then, Lena sees four additional naked men walks through the door, entering the cabin. She gazes at the fully erect cocks on them and feels a tingling surge in her pussy. Lena knows she wants to fuck them all. With Eddie now in arms reach, Lena wraps her arms around his head and presses her mouth to his, tongue-kissing wildly. Eddie's hard cock finds it way to Lena wet cunt and pounds it hard. 

As she moans with pleasure, Lena looks to the three naked men slowly approaching the bed. She notices Victor pouring Vodka on cock, obviously to disinfect it after ass-fucking her. She watches him thoroughly strokes his cock. 

"Get on your back." Lena tells Eddie. "I want to go cowgirl on you."

Eddie rolls on his back holding Lena to him then rides his cock, she looks to Todd with hungry eyes. Todd walks to Lena and kneels behind her. Lena once again feels the soft pain of anal-penetration from Todd's cock, but then she another surge of pleasure in her sex. Lena closes her eyes and moans louder and louder. Her body begins to tremble as she feels an orgasm coming, her arms become too weak to hold her upper body and gently falls to Eddie. Rising her head, Lena sees Pete recording her while mildly stroking his cock. Not feeling any self-conscious as she would, it arouses her more. Lena's body trembles more as her orgasm from her double-penetration draws near.
