 AUTHOR'S NOTE: This is the first erotic series I ever wrote, back in 2005-7, long before posting my first story. I have revised and edited (hopefully well) the chapters, but they are pretty much as they were when I wrote them. It is the story of a married couple in love and exploring a new version of their relationship. It is a fairly long series, although some of the chapters are quite short. 

You may want to read Chapter One to get the premise, although the story has progressed quite a bit from its beginnings. 17 and 18 would get you up to speed, I guess. Thanks to all the readers who have stuck with the tale, and voted. 

Civil comments always welcome. 

*

As they pulled into the driveway of the house Lena realized that she had not imagined big enough. They knew from the address that this was a wealthy neighborhood, and that Muriel probably had a big house. They did not imagine the estate. 

Rolling up the driveway she remembered back to the invitation: elegant embossed cards inviting them to an outdoor dinner party and fundraiser at her house, with a very upscale address. Confused, she's shaken the envelope and found a handwritten note (in a classy and cultured script) from Muriel.

Her find flashed back instantly. Muriel. Watching them at the dinner party. John going down on Lena outside. Muriel watching. Lena making her suck John's dick, making her swallow his load. Playing with Muriel's nipple. Kissing her. 

Muriel.

Her hands had trembled a little when she read the letter. Muriel had been traveling out of the country, and hadn't gotten in touch with them after that dinner affair. She was back, she was throwing a fancy luncheon party, she wanted to see them, and could they come to the party? It wouldn't be a lot of fun, a bunch of stuffed society stiffs, but she wanted to see them, and they could stay after, stay over, and the food and drinks would be great, and she'd wanted to see them.

She wanted to see them.

The note included directions, and how to dress, and what to expect, and instructions for clothes to bring, to stay overnight.

And now they were pulling up in the circular drive in front of the house; not a house, a manor; a valet took the car, someone escorted them through the property to the rear of the house. This isn't a yard, Lena thought, these are The Grounds. My God, the place is tremendous. Their escort left them near the bar and food, tables nearby held small groups of overdressed upper-crust characters. The property went forever in every direction, and she had to stop herself from staring like a tourist. 

John seemed perfectly comfortable, and went to the bar and ordered drinks. Lena pretended to fit in while she waited for him to return. Drinks in hand, they walked the party, talking to each other, glancing casually at the crowd (they were, after the initial novelty, not very interesting) and pretending to belong. All the while they kept an eye out for Muriel. They walked the patio, the lawn, the pool area, the food tents, occasionally accepting a glass of champagne from the offered trays carried by the wait staff floating through the crowd. No sign of Muriel, but there were a lot of people there, and it would easy not to be seen.

Eventually Lena excused herself to go inside to use the bathroom. As she approached the house she saw Muriel, as pretty as she remembered (but not as young as her first impression) coming out of the house, talking to the caterer, it seemed. She did a double-take, dismissed the caterer, and looked full at Lena.

"Lena?"

"Muriel," she squeaked. "Hi. I mean, hi, thanks," she stumbled, flustered, "thanks for inviting us. It's great, the house is beautiful. We were really looking forward to seeing...um, could show me where the bathroom is?"

"Oh, of course. Silly of me. Matter of fact, I'll bring you upstairs to the nice one." Muriel lowered her voice as she took Lena's are and escorted her inside. "All the old society biddies are using the downstairs. The Men are using the pool house. C'mon upstairs." They walked a few rooms in silence, to another part of the house. A guest wing? Arriving at a wide staircase that led to the second floor, Muriel started speaking again, now that they were alone. "I'm so glad you came, is John with you? I really wanted to see you both," she prattled, "I'm sorry I didn't get back in touch right away but I was out of the country, and then had to plan this event when I returned. I'm so glad you came, are you staying over? I'll have them move your car up after the guests leave." She was babbling a little as they reached the landing, walked the hall. She opened a door, showing Lena a bedroom. 

"Did you say John's with you?"

"Yes, he is, he's outside, waiting for me."

"Are you staying over?"

"We brought stuff, but we don't want to be any trouble."

"Oh, don't be ridiculous! Here, here's your room for tonight, there's a bathroom attached, you can use that. Later I'll have them bring your car up, after the guests leave, and you can throw your stuff in here." Lena walked to the bathroom, catching Muriel grinning and watching her in the mirror as she passed. "I'm so glad you're staying!"

Lena entered the bathroom. More like a guest house, Lena admired as she relieved herself. Freaking bathroom is bigger than my bedroom! And beautiful! Stone, marble, all elegant and understated, not fancy and gaudy. Finished, she came back out. The bedroom was also understated, but tasteful. Like an elegant and stylish resort. 

"Whew, thanks," she grinned, emerging. "This room is beautiful, Muriel. The bathroom...hell, the whole house is beautiful." She was walking towards Muriel, who stood just inside the room, the door closed. "I've never seen anything like it, really. Thanks for having us over, we-"

As she approached, Muriel stepped up to her, put her hands on her shoulders, and suddenly kissed her, tenderly, on the lips, a full, soft, luxurious kiss, just a touch of tongue. Lena, surprised, stood still, then relaxed a little, and remembered that night, and found her arm was suddenly resting on Muriel's waist.

They broke, and Muriel looked into her eyes. "I've thought about that since we met. Come on, they'll miss me soon, and those dried up old cougars will be all over John.

As they wound their way back Muriel told her some more of her background; Dad had money, he'd died some years ago, left her very comfortable. She was early thirties; Lena said she would have guessed late twenties, and Muriel thanked her. The house was part of the divorce settlement, as was the boat.

"Divorce? The night we met you mentioned a husband."

"Ex. Five years now. We bought the house together. We parted on decent terms." 

"You live alone."

"Well, I have the staff," she chuckled. "Seriously, mostly I live in the wing we just left. The rest is for show, and parties. I have a couple of regular boyfriends, none serious. One of them is here, Steve; he's staying tonight, too. He's probably downstairs in the rec room playing pool or something."

"I should go find John."

"I should get back to the party. I'm so glad you and John came!" She gave her a peck on the cheek. "The party will start winding down right after dinner, and by seven everyone will be gone. I hope you guys aren't too bored until then. But the food's excellent and the drink are top shelf. Have fun, and we'll catch up later."

Lena went back outside to find John. Walking the grounds, she found him eventually, coming from the pool house. They looked at the pool, admiring the stonework. It wasn't the size of a resort pool, but it was very big, and dressed in resort style: lounges and chairs lined up, umbrellas spaced, tables and chairs arranged and placed tastefully. Obviously, since this was a swank affair (Lena had begun referring to it as such, in her mind) no one was swimming. The guests, including John and Lena, were in dresses and suits. It was warm, and sunny, and folks were congregating under the tents.

Time went by. They ate, and drank (champagne mostly) and talked and walked. And watched. Once Muriel stopped by their table to say hello to John and chat. Eventually the caterer began clearing the food, and cleaning up, and people began drifting out. Muriel stopped by, and told them they should go get their stuff out of the car, and wait inside. She gave them directions to the great room. As the crowd thinned, and some die-hards remained, but as the sun set the cleaning began in earnest, and the die-hards said their goodbye's and left.

Muriel met them inside, as they were coming downstairs, heading for the great room. "Everyone's left," she announced, and the caterer will have the place cleaned up within the hour. Tell you what," she stopped them, "I'm a little sticky from the heat, and you guys look like you're overdue to get comfortable. I'm going to take a shower, and clean up, why don't you guys do the same, and we'll meet out by the pool in about an hour?" They agreed. "I'll have Steve drop some champagne out there for us, OK?" They grinned and went to go up to change, but Muriel grabbed John's arm. "First," she said, "I told your wife already. I am thrilled that you guys came tonight! Thanks so much!" And then she reached both her hands to John's upper arms, and pulled him to her, and kissed him, lightly on the lips. Lena watched as their lips parted slightly, and she saw some tongue, and she was suddenly a little jealous that John was kissing her like that, but he looked hot! Lena had been kissing him for years, but she had never watched him kissing, and he looked as good as he kissed. She felt a little heat and tingle run through her, starting in her chest, and running through her stomach, to her crotch. She remembered Muriel kissing her, and then she was a little jealous again. She caught herself as they broke the kiss and looked at her. 

"Don't worry, John, Lena's OK," she grinned, "I already kissed her!" And she turned, and headed for the hallway, calling Steve. 

An hour later Lena and John approached the pool. They had showered and changed into suits and after-swim clothes; John wore a pair of long jams with a t-shirt, Lena wore a pair of loose cotton pants and halter over her one-piece. They got there to find someone swimming laps in the pool. It was dusk, but several lights were lit around the pool area, and the pool lights were on. There was a tub of iced champagne near one of the side tables, and soft music flowed from various unseen locations. A stack of towels was piled at the end of one of the lounge chairs, near the stairs into the shallow end. As they arrived, the person swimming, a man, (she guessed Steve) made the turn at the far end and started back towards them. When her reached the shallow end he stopped, and took off his goggles.

He stood as he introduced himself, and Lena's breath caught. Tall, probably six-two to six-four, he had the body of a god, not overdeveloped, but clearly worked and managed. Water trickled off his hairless torso as he stepped out to shake hands, grinning, perfect teeth under sparkling blue eyes. Brown hair cut short, broad developed shoulders, well-defined arms and chest, and a stream of water running down the middle of his trim stomach to the top of his suit. After shaking his hand she glanced at his legs, tried to see what was in his suit, and caught a look at his ass as he turned to shake John's hand. She raised her eyes back up before he caught her checking him out, grinning slightly at the way seeing him made her feel. 

Steve went to the champagne as he dried himself, offering them some, and then announced that he had forgotten the glasses. He asked John to open a bottle while he got the glasses. She watched him walking to the pool house, watching his long legs, his ass moving in his wet suit. She turned to John to see that he was watching her as she watched Steve. She blushed, but only for being seen.

"You like that?" John asked quietly. "Are you getting all hot and steamy, Lena? Getting all worked up? Are you fantasizing about Steve?" John worked the cork, and it came off with a pop. Lena grinned with delight, and spoke under her breath

"He's fucking hot," she said, moving closer to John. She moved next to him until her breasts rubbed against his arm. "I'm getting horny. I might fantasize about him, but it's your dick I want." A picture flashed into her head of Steve fucking her, and it was way hot. She turned her head as she heard Steve approaching, but the picture flashed back as she saw him, this time her brain (two cocks at once) saw Steve fucking her as she sucked John's dick. A rush went through her, and she tried not to look too obvious as she took a seat on a lounge chair. (taking turns pounding her pussy) She tried to concentrate on the glass John handed her, then heard Muriel's voice coming from the direction of the house (John watching as Steve fucks her) and she turned to see her as she approached, relieved for the distraction (could it happen? Could it happen tonight?) as Muriel called to them, glass in hand. She looked different now, dressed in a white gauzy after-swim pants and loose long-sleeved shirt, unbuttoned to her navel. Her tanned skin contrasted with the loose fabric as she walked, and the thin shirt moved freely, exposing and covering her unrestrained breasts at random. Dark, tight nipples were hard and defined against the smooth, solid skin of her breasts. 

No longer the entertaining society divorcee, Muriel was an enticing vixen!

As they chatted, she caught John several time looking at Muriel's breasts. John caught her looking too; at Steve's shoulders, his crotch, his chest ... and Muriel's chest.

Muriel had just finished telling them about meeting Steve: he was a Physical Therapist and Private Fitness Trainer now, but they met through Muriel's masseuse. She told them that Steve gave great massages. And for her, she laughed, he included the happy ending at no extra charge!

She stood, then, and told Steve she'd like to get a massage, she could really use to relax and unwind after this afternoon's affair. But first, she said, she wanted to swim. She turned to John and Lena.

"I hope you don't mind, I didn't think you would," she said, unbuttoning the remaining buttons of her top, "but I swim nude. Are you guys coming in? You can leave your suits on if you want, I don't want you to be uncomfortable."

"Oh, I don't mind. And John sure doesn't, he's been staring at your tits since you came out!"

John laughed, glanced up at Lena, then Steve. Then back to Muriel as she removed her shirt, exposing her breasts to the warm evening. 

"They are spectacular, aren't they?" Steve asked. "I've seen her do this a hundred times, and it never gets old." Muriel pulled the tie string loose, hooked her thumbs in the waistband, and wiggled the pants off her hips, letting them pool at her feet, and stepping out. Long, slender tanned legs, well muscled and shaped, joined at her hips, framing a completely hairless pussy. She turned, stood in front of the group, and then turned to Lena. 

"Like it better now?"

"Huh?"

"My pussy. All shaved off, like yours. Last time you saw it I had a full bush." She turned to John, touched herself lightly, and then back to Lena. She was grinning like crazed woman. "Maybe this time you'll let him." She turned and walked to the pool, as all three of them watched the shapely globes of her ass moving away. 

"Let who? Let who what?" Lena asked.

"Let John lick my pussy, of course," Muriel called from the edge of the pool. She took a step in, and turned to Lena. "When we met, that night, you made me say I wanted John to lick my pussy till I came, like you," she reminded them. The leg still up on the edge of the pool, knee bent, drifted outward, partially exposing lips that seemed to glisten. "You saw my pussy and said no, remember? Not with all that hair." She dropped a hand between her legs, spreading more. "I had it waxed the next day. I love it." She rubbed herself a little as the others three watched her. "Now, this time, he can lick me!" She turned and descended the rest of the way into the pool.

The three of them looked at each other, and Steve stood. "I do this with her all the time. There are no neighbors, and the house staff is gone." He pulled the tie string on his suit, and Lena's breath drew in. She hoped no one heard. Was she going to see her first cock besides her husband's since they were married? "Like Mon said, you don't have to if you don't want to." And Steve pulled his suit off, stepped out of them, and headed for the pool. But not before Lena got a look at his tool, semi-hard, smooth and thicker than John's. It looked to be about the same size. It looked delicious, and as Steve walked to the pool, his ass looked fabulous, too.

Lena stood, and began undressing. She looked at John, who was still sitting. "You don't have to if you don't want to," she said, removing her after-swim clothes, "but I definitely want to!" She pulled down the top of her one-piece, exposing her breasts, then hesitated briefly. She was stripping in front of another man, and a woman. Fuck it, she thought, and slipped the suit off, lifting it with her foot and dropping it onto the lounge chair. "Are you coming?" she asked John, and walked, naked, proud and hot, to the pool. 

She stood at the edge, watching Steve and Muriel swimming, and looking back at her. And really looking at her; Steve's eyes were drilling into her tits, and her pussy. "Is the water cold?"

"No sweetie, it's heated, c'mon in," Muriel called to her.

As she moved to step into the water John's naked body suddenly rushed past her, splashing noisily into the pool, to everyone's amusement. She jumped in after him.

They swam around for a while, laughing and talking, until Muriel starting commenting on how great everyone looked, and the conversation turned suggestive. John snuck up behind Lena, put his arms around her waist and stood her up. They were in water up to their waist, and then he grabbed both her breasts, telling everyone how great her tits were. She saw everyone staring at her, and she reached for his hands, holding them in place, then pinching and squeezing her nipples as everyone watched. The stimulation ran through her, on a direct line with her pelvis, amplified by the thrill of being watched, of showing off.

Muriel announced that she was going to swim a few laps before her massage; John joined her, leaving Lena and Steve alone in the shallow end. They sat on the pool steps, Steve talking about how long he had been a massage therapist, how he'd met Muriel. Lena sat with her breasts just above the water line, feeling her nipples hardening as the water evaporated. Eventually Steve said he should get a lounge ready, and stood up. 

As he came out of the water, not two feet in front of her, she found herself staring directly at his crotch. His dick hung deliciously in a semi-hard state, above a large pair of balls. Her crotch announced its approval (could it happen? Could it happen tonight?) as he stood there, seemingly forever. His pubic hair was trimmed, and his balls were completely hairless, like John's, and she had an urge to suck those balls into her mouth, (Sucking Steve's cock, John watching, fucking her) feel the warm round globe inside. She heard herself mutter a sound, fumbling for words, and found her fingers at her nipple, (sucking John after he fucks her, Steve now pounding her pussy) squeezing and pinching. Steve's dick moved, and started to grow a little.

"Good thing the water wasn't cold," he laughed, and as she looked up, "I would have suffered some shrinkage!" He turned and stepped out of the pool.

She flushed with excitement, catching his eye as she looked up, watching his ass as he walked away. She turned then, watching John and Muriel swim, but her fingers were between her legs, and she played with herself (taking turns, one fucking me, then the other, two cocks fighting for her pussy) lightly, her fingers tickling her lips under the water, then she stopped watching them, lost herself in the fantasy (filling me with cum, John fucking me after Steve fills me) as her fingers split her lips, and slipped inside (sucking them both, shooting their cum in my mouth, my face) and then Muriel saying, "Sometimes when I'm alone I push myself up near the filter returns, and use the water on my clit to make myself cum!" and Lena opened her eyes to see John and Muriel standing in front of her, and she grinned, a took her fingers away, and stood up. They walked to where Steve had set up for Muriel's massage. John grabber her ass, squeezing lovingly. They each grabbed towels to dry off, then wrapped them around themselves as Steve had done.
