 AUTHOR'S NOTE: This is the first erotic series I ever wrote, back in 2005-7, long before posting my first story. I have revised and edited (hopefully well) the chapters, but they are pretty much as they were when I wrote them. It is the story of a married couple in love and exploring a new version of their relationship. It is a fairly long series, although some of the chapters are quite short. 

This is the last chapter. Thanks to all the readers who have stuck with the tale, and voted. 

Civil comments always welcome.





Lena was placing appetizers on the tray when the doorbell rang. Her insides tightened spontaneously, and she chided herself for reacting like a silly schoolgirl. John went to answer the door as she mentally scolded herself

You act like it's your first date!

Like a silly little virgin anxious to lose her cherry!

Like you never had sex before!

Well, I never had sex with a WOMAN before!

She really wasn't sure if she would tonight, either, but she was pretty sure that Terri was going to have sex with her! Was that the same? She finished the tray and turned to see John leading Terri into the room.

"Look who's here," he announced.

She was beautiful.

She'd had her hair done. Normally straight, just past her shoulders, it hung in curls around her face, giving her a wildly fresh look. She was wearing a white dress buttoned down the front, with a multicolored beaded belt at her waist. The buttons were open past her breasts, but not wide open, just seductively exposing the smooth tanned flesh between her breasts. She wore no bra, and her dark nipples just showed through the thin fabric of the dress. The hem came to her knee, and she wore a casual 2-inch strapped shoe, in black. 

Her head was bowed slightly, seeming a little shy, but smiling, and her eyes shone with desire as she stared at Lena. And the powerful lust of the afternoon, finally subdued, returned in now full force, and Lena staggered with the rush.

"Y-you look terrific. Beautiful." She stammered, suddenly unable to form words. "I- You're- Jeez, Terri, you look gorgeous," she managed as the younger woman stepped to her, "I mean, you're always gorgeous, but tonight I-" and suddenly she was in her arms, and kissing her; in front of John she was kissing her, and then her eyes closed and John was forgotten and Lena was lost in the kiss, feeling the warm, soft flesh beneath the smooth fabric, smelling her perfume. She felt the soft lips, the insistent tongue, felt hands at the small of her back, then one at her face, caressing her cheek, and she felt her nipples harden and her pussy gushed. Her hips pressed forward, slightly, to be met by an equal push from Terri. 

"Okay, champagne, anyone?" John's voice cut in. He stood to their side, and they broke the kiss, turning to see him offering two glasses. They took theirs, and he led them to the den. At the last second Lena remembered the tray of food, and grabbed it with them.

After leaving the tray on the coffee table, Lena sat in the big chair, and Terri on the couch. John went to where Terri sat, but didn't sit. Instead he raised his glass, and proposed a toast. 

"To good friends," he said, turning from his wife to Terri, "And Lovers." 

"Friends and Lovers!" the women echoed, and they all drank. John sat on the couch next to Terri. Lena excused herself to get more champagne.

When she came back in John and Terri were kissing passionately on the couch, groping each other like clumsy teenagers. Lena watched her husband kiss her, knowing what the woman felt, knowing how his hands would feel on her. She poured the champagne, then instead of returning to her chair, came around behind Terri and sat on the couch. She turned so that she was facing Terri's back as she and John kissed. She put her glass on the table, and reached for Terri's neck and back, slowly rubbing, playing with her hair, touching the sensitive area at the base of her neck. Terri was making small sounds, eager whimperings, muffled into John's mouth. She caressed John's hand at Terri's back, feeling the strength in it that she loved, knowing the younger woman would feel it, too. Lena covered John's hand with her own, allowing him to guide her caress of the woman between them. John's hand moved lower, to her hips, then gripped and pulled upward. She didn't realize what he was doing until she felt Terri lift her weight off the couch to release her dress from under her, and them John's hand pulled away, lifting the back of Terri's dress up out of the way. Instantly his hand returned, and she watched as he stroked her smooth rounded cheeks.

Terri had not worn panties. She was completely naked under her dress, and now her ass was completely exposed to Lena, and she stared, fascinated as John's hand explored first one cheek then the other, then between, then below, any place he could reach, stroking, grabbing. Then she saw his hand leave her ass, fumble around towards Lena, and grab her wrist. She hesitated, but John pulled her hand to Terri's ass, and held her there until she relaxed. She felt the heat from the smooth skin, once again caressing with John, stroking each cheek, marveling at the firm muscle and texture, and then John took her hand, and took it with his own, and reached under Terri. 

And Lena's fingers touched a wet, open slit, felt the lips part; she felt the woman squirm, and then John was pushing Terri away, and Lena looked up to see; no, he was turning her, turning Terri to Lena, and then Terri threw her arm around Lena, pulling her into a kiss. Terri's torso turned, and Lena's hand slipped out from under her, until Terri shifted her hips to the front and spread her legs, and then her free hand was grabbing Lena, finding her hand, pulling it back to her own crotch; Terri used her fingers to guide Lena's into her pussy as they kissed. Lena felt the flood of wetness rush out as she inserted her finger, stroking the younger woman's hot hole, feeling Terri's own finger beside her own. And they kissed, hotly, mouths open and grunting as they shared Terri's wetness, rubbing her smooth lips, her g-spot, and her hard clit. 

Terri pulled back from the kiss, staring into Lena's eyes. Lena could feel her hot breath on her face as they panted in passion. Then she felt Terri's fingers exiting, Leaving Lena's alone in Terri's love hole, where she continued to stimulate the other woman. Suddenly Terri's fingers were at her mouth, two of them, held stiffly, and Lena closed her eyes and opened her mouth and sucked those fingers like a small penis, tasting the sharp musky flavor of the other woman's sex, sucking the fingers into her mouth as far as she could handle, licking up every drop of her nectar. 

She reopened her eyes when she felt Terri grasp her wrist and gently pull her hand from the other woman, her fingers slowly sliding out, touching her clit once more as they emerged from the slick playground. Terri brought the treasure coated hand to her own face, but instead of sucking it, rubbed the delicious fluid across her lips, coating them, her lipsticked lips parted slightly, her tongue peeking out for just a small taste. 

And she smiled at Lena.

And then she turned her head, and pulled John's face down for another kiss. 

Lena watched as they mashed each other's mouths and tongues in uncontrolled passion, sharing the scent and flavor of the woman's arousal on her puffy lips. She watched their hands exploring each other's bodies, and saw that John's shirt was open, Terri's hand played with his nipple, and then she looked down to realize that the open shirt was the only clothes he still wore. He must have removed the rest while she'd been kissing and fingering Terri, and now he was on his knees on the couch, leaning over Terri, and his dick was rock hard, jutting out from his body, a throbbing promise of delight. At the head a drop of pre-cum oozed, and dripped off. 

Her eyes moved from the passionate kiss, to John's dick, and back and forth again, and then Lena lunged over Terri to engulf John's member with her mouth. She felt the heat from his smooth skin on her lips and face as the head passed her lips, and her tongue swirled across the velvety surface of the spongy head. Damn, she thought, I love to suck cock! She teased it with her lips and tongue, stimulating the shaft, the head, relished the feeling of her mouth on his flesh. She pulled her mouth off, got off the couch and came around, now kneeling on the floor in front of John. They had broken the kiss and were watching her. She held their eyes, lowered her head down, slowly taking it all into her mouth, feeling it push to the back of her throat before raising up. She pumped her head up and down several times, soaking his shaft with saliva, feeling it sliding in and out of her mouth. 

John threw his head back and groaned his delight in the pleasure she was giving him. But she knew that pumping him like that would make him cum way too soon, so she slowed, and resumed the teasing and licking, with occasional full mouth fucks. Looking back up she saw that Terri had shifted her body away from John, and was undoing the belt at her waist as she watched Lena sucking. After the belt, she reached for the first button, and slowly began to open her dress, from top to bottom. Lena slowed, holding the shaft at the base, and swirling her tongue around the head, watching as the younger woman undressed. She saw that John, too, was focused on the event. As Terri reached lower, the unbuttoned dress fell open revealing her breasts, slightly smaller than Lena's, but firm and well shaped, with large, hard nipples jutting out from her small dark aureole. Her hand finally reached the last button, and she sat up, looking at them, and opened the dress, and shook it back off her shoulders. Gorgeous, Lena was thinking as her tongue flicked a drip of pre-cum off John's dick. She's beautiful, and hot and has an incredibly sexy body, and she wants us! Her dress removed, Terri's hands went to her own breasts, stroking, and then pinching her nipple. John loved to see that, and she heard him groan, and felt his hips shift. Lena lifted her head, still gripping the base of John's shaft, caught the woman's eye, and spoke the first words since John's toast.

"Terri, get over here and suck my husband's cock."

Terri smiled and slipped off the couch, kneeling next to her, and her face dropped down next to Lena's. And she opened her mouth, and waited. And then Lena caught on, and she pointed John's shaft at her mouth, and fed it in. As she watched Terri's lips wrap around the head, expanding to let it pass, sliding down the shaft, Lena's pussy gushed from the thrill of feeding her husband's dick into the other woman's eager mouth. (The night they had met their friend Monica she had watched her suck John's dick. Now she was giving John's dick to Terri!) She watched the woman's mouth moving on the shaft, and then pulled the cock away from her, switching it back to her own mouth. 

And now she felt Terri's face next to her own, watching her suck John's dick, tasting and feeling the other woman's saliva on the shaft as she pumped her head up and down, hearing John moaning his approval and encouragement. After a few pumps and swirls and licks she passed it back to Terri who wasted no time engulfing the slick meat. 

Lena watched the woman working the shaft; saw her body moving, her breasts jiggling. She released John's shaft and moved behind the naked girl, her arms sliding around her to her chest and reached for one of those luscious tits, filling her hand, cupping it, squeezing gently; then caressing the full fleshy globe, feeling the nipple poking hard into her palm. She circled the breast to find the hard nub, playing with it; it was so hard, so long! She pinched, and pulled, and then twisted, and heard Terri's muffled squeal of delight around John's pole.

She squeezed the younger girl's torso in her arms, pressing her own breasts into her bare back. Then she shifted her body, moving to the side of the girl and bent down, squeezing her head between Terri and the couch, and her tongue flicked out, finding that hard nipple, flicking it several times, feeling the stiff crinkled flesh resisting. She teased it with her tongue, and then suddenly bit it, just a slight nip, and then sucked it into her mouth, sucking and tonguing, biting, scraping it with her teeth, tormenting and teasing Terri's nipple, feeling it harden in her mouth. She attacked it the way she liked her own treated, hoping that Terri liked it that way, too. She felt the woman squirming, and then felt her hand at the back of her head, pulling her into the breast. Lena clenched the nipple in her teeth, increasing the pressure slowly, until Terri moaned delicately. She felt Terri moving, and then heard John moan, and looked up to see that the nipple stimulation was making Terri suck John's cock with passion. The woman's motion pulled the nipple from Lena' mouth, scraping it from her teeth, and Terri cried out, and plunged her mouth down, stuffing her face into John's crotch. 

Lena pulled out of her position, and crawled up onto the sofa, licking John's nipple, biting it, and then kissing him, driving her tongue into his mouth. Then she sat next to him, rubbing his chest, and together they watched Terri working her mouth and tongue on John's cock and balls. 

Terri looked up at them, then pulled her mouth off, and said to John, "She's still dressed!" The realization seemed to hit John and Lena simultaneously, and then suddenly Terri and John were tearing at her clothes, opening, pulling, tugging; touching her exposed flesh as they stripped her clothes off. When they were done she was sitting naked on the couch between them, their hands exploring her skin everywhere they could reach. She closed her eyes and let her head fall back, feeling the hands and fingers touching her everywhere, sending chills through her.

Suddenly lips were on her nipples, both at once, and she felt the exquisite sensation of having both her tits sucked at the same time. Two points of pleasure were pulled from her, through her chest, down her spine, and into her hips, which responded by lifting off the couch, her legs spreading, searching for the attention she craved. Her hands went to the heads of her lovers, holding them in place, pressing them against her breasts as they sucked and teased. She was panting, and as she felt teeth nip at her she inhaled sharply, as a sensation that was almost pain shot through her, electrifying her, heightening her pleasure. In response the teeth bore down on one, a little harder, and then the other nipple joined in, and she cried out in joy and agony. 

As suddenly as they started, the lips left her, and she opened her eyes as hands tugged at her arms and legs, manipulating her position on the couch. She ended laying down, with her hips angled to the side, legs spread wide, one up on the back of the couch, the other on the floor, her sex lewdly exposed to Terri and John. She cooperated, lay as they wanted her; hell, she'd stand on her head, as long as the pleasure continued. And continue it did. Terri knelt on the floor in front of the couch, her fingers already playing lightly at her crotch, toying with her swollen lips, caressing the smooth shaved skin, tickling the bottoms of her ass cheeks. Lena pulled her head up to see Terri's face move closer, concentrating on her fingers and their wet, seductive plaything. Closer, and then she felt the woman's warm breath on her exposed lips, and then Terri looked up, met her gaze, and below her pubic mound she felt the woman's tongue touch her labia, flicking, then a long lick from the bottom of her pussy, ending at her clit, where it lingered before circling around. 

She was watching another woman lick her pussy! For a moment she recognized how unusual this would have seemed just a year ago, how even the idea of another woman pleasuring her with her mouth would have been distasteful. How, over time, she had accepted this and many other ideas. And now she not only welcomed the experience, but she was looking forward to getting her tongue into her first pussy! Her brain returned to the present, and the events at hand, and the sensations Terri was creating between her legs. She looked down again, seeing Terri intent on digging her tongue as far up her snatch as she could get it, felt it wriggling inside her. The image of Terri's face in her pussy with the feeling she was producing created a hot wave of excitement in her belly, and her hips again moved up, as if trying to fuck her friend's face. And then the image was gone, her vision blocked by John's dick as he threw a leg over her body, pushing his erect pole into her face. She rested her head back on the couch, and he lowered his hips until the dripping tip of his fat purple mushroom head touched her lips. And she opened her mouth, welcoming the hard flesh into her mouth. 

John leaned over her, slipping his cock slowly into her eager mouth, further and further, until it touched the back of her throat and she reflexively jerked back. John pulled back, almost all the way, leaving just the head in her mouth, allowing her to swirl her tongue around it, sucking on the head, before stroking it back in, stopping before he gagged her this time, and pulling back. Once more, then again, each time checking himself, not going too deep, and she relaxed then, knowing that he knew how far to go. She moaned to let him know she was okay, and he picked up the tempo. 

Lena held her head still and allowed John to fuck her mouth. She felt Terri's tongue slip out of her hole, and slide up to her clit. She felt her fingers pulling back the lips, pulling up the hood and exposing her hot, hard little button. Electricity surged through her as Terri's tongue flicked her clit, then set in to licking it eagerly, applying pressure, sucking, nibbling and licking. Lena's hips moved up to meet the woman's mouth, meeting pressure for pressure, and she groaned as she felt her orgasm begin to build. John stopped his fucking and held his cock still for her, allowing her to suck the head, and swirl her tongue around the tip. 

At her pussy she felt Terri insert a finger, then a second one into her wet hole and finger fuck her while she licked furiously at her clit. Lena's hips forced up into her face, pushing against the fingers, driving them deeper, urging her orgasm closer. Still she sucked John's beautiful cock, and she grabbed his ass, slipping one finger in between his cheek, toying with his anus, tickling the tight skin, pressing as she sucked his dick. The excitement of having her mouth filled with cock while a woman licked her pussy overwhelmed her, and her finger pushed into his ass as she came, her orgasm making her mouth open and cry out, and she howled her delight with John's cock rubbing lightly on her lips and face. The finger in his ass went deeper; then without warning John's cock exploded its load on her as she lost herself in ecstasy. Her mouth opened and she cried out, her pussy being fingered and licked, John's cum shooting into her mouth, on her face, hot and sticky, the scent of his hot cum in her nose, tasting it, and the senses overwhelmed her, and she had a second, more intense orgasm, feeling her pussy spasm uncontrollably, her entire body tensed, held, and then shuddered and relaxed as the wave swept through her.

Still Terri licked her, cramming her face into her, maintaining the pressure on her clit to the point Lena almost couldn't stand it, then backing off, stroking her pussy with her fingers, wet with cum, stroking her down from her crest, but not allowing it to disappear. Lena panted, and as she regained a little control, let out a long groan, knowing that another orgasm was just moments away. She felt John move away from her face, stepping off the couch, and Terri pulled away and stood up. Momentarily disappointed, eager for more, she brightened when John took Terri's place between her legs, and started lapping her cum out of her pussy. Terri knelt next to the couch, at Lena's head, and bent to kiss her, but instead licked up the side of Lena's face, scooping gobs of Johns cum off her face, and then, tongue loaded with semen, positioned her face over Lena's mouth, allowing the hot sticky goo to drip into Lena's open and waiting mouth, and finally meeting her for a tongue-swirling, nasty, cum-soaked kiss. Terri moaned into her mouth, squeezed her tit, and lifted her head. 
