 Most typing and editing was done by my wife, you know who you are, thank you.

*****

Anne and I met Marcus and Lindsey last Wednesday night at a popular restaurant. Apparently, we had gotten there just in time, – the place was busy – we got the last table, and shortly after taking our seats, the restaurant started filling up with even more would-be diners'. We were sitting close to the entrance and most of the people coming in were families or larger parties. By the time Marcus and Lindsey came through doors, the harried hostess informed them that it would be at least a thirty-minute wait before they could get a table. I overheard them discussing whether to stay or try and find someplace else, they were leaning towards leaving. 

I glanced across the table to my wife and asked, "Would you mind if I asked them to join us?"

Anne smiled and said, "Of course not, that's sweet of you honey."

I had gotten up and walked over to the couple. I introduced myself and asked if they would care to join my wife and I at our table.

Marcus looked down at Lindsey – and I do me down, he's about six-three, while Lindsey is maybe four-foot-five – she nodded yes, and Marcus said, "Thank you, buddy, that'd be great."

We hit it off over dinner, conversation was easy and we became fast friends. By the end of the evening, Anne was asking them home for a nightcap. Marcus had to work early the next morning though, so they begged off. However, they did agree to dinner at our house the following Friday night. Marcus said that would be perfect as he didn't have to work Saturday and could make a later night of it. 

* * * 

Marcus and Lindsey arrived right on time at 6 p.m., I offered them a drink and we adjourned to the living room. Marcus and I were both dressed casually, cargo shorts and t-shirts. Anne and Lindsey on the other hand, had dressed up – at least by my standards – Anne was wearing a short black dress with a low-cut neckline that showed off her D-cups perfectly. Lindsey was wearing a short peach colored mini skirt with a matching halter top, both women were wearing high heels.

Now, I'm not a small guy at six-foot, two-hundred pounds, I'm trim and fairly well toned, but I have to say, I looked positively small when standing next to six-three, two-hundred and thirty-pound Marcus. Who would have thought thirty pounds could make such a big difference.

We found out over dinner that he used to be a puny kid until he hit high school and got into football. After that he joined up with the marines, did eight years and still goes to the gym on a regular basis. I hate to admit I was a little jealous, I don't think he has an ounce of fat on him and with his dark skin, chiseled features and short-cropped hair, he looked like he would be comfortable on either the battlefield or on the cover of GQ.

Lindsey is four-foot, five inches, she's a tiny thing with creamy-white skin, blue eyes and dirty blonde hair that reaches to the middle of her back. She's slim and toned. She does yoga three times a week at the same gym that Marcus goes too, in fact that's where they met and have been together for three years, engaged for one.

After dinner, Anne asked if she could see me in the kitchen.

Lindsey asked, "Can I help with the dishes, or at least clearing the table?"

Anne told her thank you but that she wouldn't dream of having a guest help with the work. "Besides," she said "Leonard and I will take care of all of that in the morning. Why don't you two make yourselves comfortable in the living room and we'll join you shortly."

Once in the kitchen, I asked my wife "What's up, honey?"

She leaned against the counter, arms folded in front of her. She looked me square in the eye, gently nibbled on her bottom lip and said, "I really like them."

"I do too," I replied "I think we've hit it off great and we'll end up being the best of friends.

"Honey, I really like them" she explained "I want to have sex with them... tonight, and I would love it if you would film the whole thing."

Now if you read chapter one of these stories, then you already know that Anne asked me if we could have an open marriage. That roadside fuck had happened almost three months ago and until now, nothing had happened, we hadn't even discussed it since.

Part of me was nervous- maybe even a little scared- that Anne would find someone that she loved more than me and that it would lead to us splitting up. But I loved and trusted my wife, I would do anything for her. We had a great marriage, a fantastic sex life and this wasn't about cheating. It was about enhancing our sex life – and I have to admit that I was thrilled at the prospect of watching Anne get ravished by that big black stud, Marcus. Watching her in a lesbian encounter with cute little Lindsey, was just an added bonus.

"Okay, baby," I said, "Let's see if they're into it."

"You just leave that part to me." Anne smiled. She came forward and kissed me hard and deep, letting her tongue probe my mouth. "Thank you," she whispered after breaking the kiss. Before leaving the kitchen, she reached under her dress and shimmed out of her panties and put them on the counter.

I chuckled as I followed her back to our guests. Now, in case you hadn't figured it out by now, my wife, is not subtle, not when she wants something, or in this case someone. No, she goes after what she wants with a tenacity that I don't believe has ever failed her.

When we rejoined Marcus and Lindsey, they were sitting on the couch with about a foot and a half separating them. Why, I'm not sure, but it was a perfect opening for Anne, one that she took immediate advantage of by setting herself down right in between them.

"Hi guys," she said. "I hope you both have had fun tonight. I know Leonard and I have really enjoyed it, in fact, we hope this is the start of a great friendship." She placed a hand on both of their knees and slowly caressed upward. "and possibly more." Her voice growing husky with her burning desire.

"Whoa," Marcus said and stood up, distancing himself. "What's going on here?" He didn't seem to be mad, just a bit confused.

Lindsey didn't move, just sat there, and for her part, she didn't seem to mind Anne's caressing fingers on her leg.

I decided to explain the situation, I figured if they knew that I was cool with it, it might put them more at ease. "What's going on Marcus, Lindsey," I began "is that Anne would like to have sex with both of you. Now, I understand this is probably a bit unexpected."

"To say the least." Marcus put in.

"Yes, I know," I said "and we don't want you guys to be uncomfortable, and we really do value building a friendship with you both. So, if it's a no... we both understand and hope that it doesn't affect us as friends. Isn't that right, Anne?"

"Of course," Anne said, she still hadn't removed her hand from Lindsey's leg, in fact it had traveled further and was now playing across her inner thigh below the short skirt and very close to Lindsey's panty-covered crotch. Anne continued, by saying "We love hanging out with you guys. And, we would really like to add a new element to our relationship."

Marcus looked at the two of us in turn, and then at his fiancé. Lindsey's eyes were a bit heavy, her breathing a bit shallow and you could tell she was enjoying the gentle caress of Anne's fingers even if she wasn't completely sure about the situation. 

Marcus sat back down next to Anne, which seemed like a good sign, but he wasn't ready to acquiesce just yet. He looked at me directly and asked, "you said Anne wants to have sex with us. What exactly is your role in this scenario, Leonard?"

"Anne would like me to video tape it," I stated, "you have my word that it would only be for our viewing... it's not something we want to put on the internet, and of course, we could make a copy for the two of you, if you would like."

"And you're alright with this?" he asked.

"Yes, Marcus, I am. It's what Anne wants, besides... it would be a huge turn on for me as well."

Marcus turned to Lindsey and asked, "What do you think baby, are you alright with sharing me with another woman?"

Lindsey didn't answer in words, she put her hand behind Anne's head and pulled her towards her. Their lips met in a soft, sensual kiss. I'm not sure who's tongue darted in first, but soon their tongues were dueling and their lips were mashing together in a passionate display of mutual desire.

Anne broke the kiss, and panting heavily said, "Le... Leonard, Honey... you might want to go get the camera, baby."

I looked to Marcus, making sure he was on board and he smiled and said, "you heard the lady, looks like the girls are interested."

I took off down the hall to the master bedroom, grabbed the camera and tripod and went back out to the living room. When I got back, Marcus and Anne were engaged in their own lip lock and Lindsey was now rubbing the inside of Anne's thigh, rubbing little circles and inching closer and closer to my wife's naked pussy.

"I see nobody wasted any time," I laughed as I started setting up the tripod and getting the camera in position.

Marcus laughed as well and said, "Leonard, your wife's a hot little number, man, and insatiable. She couldn't wait any longer."

I didn't bother to mention that I had been gone less than a minute. I knew my wife, and I knew that once they had agreed, she would move quickly to get what she wanted. And what she wanted was them. Anne was rubbing the formidable bulge in Marcus's shorts and the way the big man was sitting, I could see the massive head of that black snake resting just below the hem of his cargo shorts. Damn, he was a big guy, - in more ways than one – I checked the screen on the camera to make sure it was picking up what I was seeing.

While Anne was stroking that still clothed huge cock, Lindsey had discovered that my wife was sans panties and I was sure by now she could feel the heat radiating off Anne's sex.

Anne spread her legs a bit giving Lindsey full reign to do what she wanted. The younger woman didn't hesitate as she slipped two fingers between the folds of Anne's slippery little hot box. Soon Anne was panting and grinding her buttocks against the sofa and Lindsey's thrusting digits.

Meanwhile, my cock was rock-hard and straining painfully against the material of my shorts. I wasn't sure what the etiquette was for me getting undressed in a situation like this was, but I know I was getting damn uncomfortable. Well, for the moment, I was the camera man, so... I needed to play the part. I put my discomfort aside and removed the camera from the tripod, So I could get closeups and better angles.

I went behind the couch where I could get a birds-eye view. Anne was slumped down in her seat, her head tilted back – if her eyes had been open she would have been staring directly at the camera lens. But her eyes were closed, she was moaning and breathing heavily as Lindsey fingered her pussy and played her thumb across Anne's sensitive clitoris.

Marcus was busy as well, he was sucking on Anne's earlobes and then down to her neck, leaving a thin trail of saliva in his wake. He tugged the top of her dress down around her waist, exposing her 38D tits and immediately began to man-handle them, squeezing them, pushing them together, he found her nipples and pinched and rolled them between thumb and forefinger until they stuck out like firm miniature pricks, about three quarters of an inch long.

Anne was truly enjoying herself, being the recipient of so much attention, her head lolled back and forth as she moaned in unadulterated pleasure. She arched her back pressing her tits more fully for Marcus to peruse and suck on, her nipples diamond hard now as he lavished each in turn with his tongue and nibbling teeth.

Lindsey pulled her sticky fingers from Anne's sopping cunt and stood up. She got my attention so I could train the camera on her as she undressed. She made it as sexy as she could for the lens, crossing her arms in front of her and grasping the hem of her halter-top, she slowly pulled it up, as it cleared her unhindered breasts, the cutest set of B-cup torpedoes tits I had ever seen sprang free and bounced a couple of times. What she lacked in breast size, she more than made up for in areola, they were big, pink, puffy nipples.

Now don't get me wrong, I love my wife's big tits- especially when I'm tittie-fucking her – but I've always had a fetish for big, puffy nipples, and Lindsey's were perfect. I couldn't help but stare, and maybe drool a little bit. She must have sensed that I liked what I saw, because she began rubbing them and pinching the nipples for me and the camera. After a bit, Lindsey slowly turned, showing off her nicely shaped backside, she reached to the side and unzipped her skirt, then slowly, very slowly began pulling it down, bending over as she did so, she was wearing a powder-blue thong that really didn't cover her hidden treasures in this position. The material rode up into the cleft of her swollen slit, which appeared to be just as puffy as her nipps. Another huge turn-on for me as my cock jumped and pressed against my shorts, I could feel my precum seeping out and soaking through the material. She stood back up and turned towards me again, then pushed her panties down and off, yep... her labia were just as puffy as her areolas. I decided right then and there, that if I ever decided to take my turn in the open marriage that Anne had requested... Lindsey was the woman I was going to fuck.

My balls were aching and I so badly wanted to take off my shorts and join in on the action, but tonight at least, was for Anne, and I wouldn't crash her party unless she invited me in. I couldn't help reaching down and rubbing my rigid penis though and pushing more precum to the surface to be soaked up by my shorts. Lindsey watched me doing this, licked her lips and moaned in response.

I was so hot and bothered, I almost said 'fuck it'! I was so close to pulling off my clothes and ravishing that little body. I was saved from the moment by Lindsey herself. Before I could act on my impulse, her attention refocused on the couple in front of her. She dropped to her knees and, placing one hand on each of Anne's legs, gently splayed them wide. This pushed my wife's dress higher and Lindsey finished it off by pushing it up around her waist.

I moved over to sit on the arm of the couch to get a better angle for what was about to happen next.

Lindsey ran her hands up Anne's inner thigh until she reached the juncture between her legs, then with two fingers on each side of her slit she spread my wife's pussy open.

Lindsey looked at the camera and said, "Leonard, your wife has a beautiful little cunt," then she licked her lips before continuing. "Mmmm... I bet it taste delicious too."

Lindsey leaned forward and her tongue ran the length of Anne's slit, when she reached the clitoris, she stopped to nibble and flick at it a few times.

"Oh, yeah, Lindsey, lick me baby, lick me," Anne moaned. With one hand, she began fumbling with Marcus' shorts trying to undo them and get them off. She growled in frustration when she couldn't manage to get to his naked cock.

Marcus laughed at her eagerness, and asked, "Would you like some help with that, hon?"

Anne grabbed him by the shirt and pulled him to her, their lips met and her tongue plowed into his mouth. It was a short, but intense kiss and when she pulled away slightly, she growled, "Strip, get them off... get them off now!"

As Marcus stood up to follow Anne's instructions, Anne placed both her hands on the back of Lindsey's head and pulled her closer to her cunt. Anne was panting and moaning as she ground her wet pussy against the other woman's licking and thrusting tongue. She never took her eyes off Marcus though, wanting to watch as every inch of skin on her big black stud was exposed.

Marcus didn't disappoint either as he took his time undressing, exposing his wash board abs and large pecks. He hesitated when his hand reached his belt. He was enjoying watching his fiancé eat out my wife's pussy and loved seeing the building hunger that was radiating from Anne's eyes. Finally, he undid the belt, button and zipper of his shorts. The base of his shaft was revealed as the shorts came down, but then hung up and he had to push them past the massive head of his long hard cock. His large dick sprang upwards as his shorts pooled at his feet and he stepped out.

I didn't know whose gasp was louder, mine or Anne's. It was the largest piece of man meat I had ever seen, even catching a glimpse through the leg of his shorts hadn't prepared me for the sheer size of his massive cock. It stood out from his body a good eleven inches and was as thick as a grown man's wrist, with the head a bit bigger. It was truly an impressive sight that even I couldn't help drooling a bit over.

"Oh... my... God." Anne gasped as she stared at his bobbing hunk of cockmeat. She licked her lips and I swear she was salivating as she reached out and took hold of his dick – which she couldn't wrap her hand completely around - and pulled him onto the couch towards her.

I kept the camera on the action panning back and forth between Lindsey's face buried in my wife's pussy and then back to Anne who was licking up and down Marcus' shaft and head. I didn't think there would be much chance of Anne truly sucking on that monster, but my girl is always full of surprises. She opened her mouth as wide as she could and slowly began to pusher her mouth onto his cock.

Watching all of this unfold, I couldn't take it any longer. My own cock was straining to tightly against my shorts, I had to get them off. Too my credit, I was able to do so without the camera jerking too much. when my cock found freedom, it was like instant relief and I slowly stroked myself as I watched the action.

Lindsey was looking up as she continued to lick and suck Anne's twat. Her eyes were huge though as she watched in amazement as Anne slowly slid her lips over the head of Marcus' big black penis.

I had to wonder if that was something tiny Lindsey was ever able to accomplish. For that matter, how was she even able to take her fiancés cock in her pussy without being split in two.

I was in awe as well as I watched the two of them. Anne grabbed his ass cheeks to give herself more leverage as she literally pulled his cock into her mouth. Four inches and she had to stop. I knew his huge head was resting at the back of her mouth and the entrance of her throat. Her lips were stretched so wide that it looked painful, but Anne – trooper that she was – was showing no signs of discomfort, only a raw hunger and desire for more.

Lindsey stopped eating Anne's pussy, but used two fingers inside her slippery cunt to keep her poised on the edge. Like me, she couldn't take her eyes off the scene in front of us. She did however reach over with her free hand, grabbed my raging hardon and started gently stroking. I moaned in appreciation and almost dropped the camera when I felt her small hand wrap around me and her thumb smearing my precum liberally around the tip of my penis. I panned the camera down to get a few seconds of this amazing handjob before refocusing on the real action.

Marcus had his head thrown back and his eyes closed, one knee up on the back of the couch, the other foot planted firmly on the floor. I could tell he wanted to thrust but at the same time held himself back in fear of hurting her. Anne would have none of that though, she was determined to take as much of his dick as possible, and four inches was just not going to be enough to satisfy my wife's insatiable appetite for cock. So, after a few moments of resting, she grabbed one of his hands and put it on the back of her head, then using his ass cheeks once more, she started pulling... Marcus gently helping her along. 
