 With firm hands working smooth, lightly scented hempseed oil into her back and a drink to indulge in, Letalya was in paradise, or as near an approximation of it as the small apartment she kept in the city could hope to be. Abel was a talented masseuse, his fingers finding all the right places of tension and easing the stiffness out in a way that all but melted her in his hands. She raised her head from the pillow and brought her spiced rum to her lips, sipping at the fragrant mixture, letting it wash over her tongue. It was her favourite, straight from the South Seas, sweet and fiery with notes of cinnamon, cloves and ginger competing for her attention. After letting it sit for a long moment, she swallowed and set the glass down again, warmth spreading through her chest. 

Abel was one of the many men and women who had boasted their willingness to do anything, anything at all, for a chance to occupy her bed. He was one of the few who didn't drop their bravado and run when she named her price for the privilege. She'd found him instead eager to take on the role, and he had yet to disappoint. Casually, almost lazily, she reached over with her hand to cup his cock, smiling to herself when her fingers met the steel of the small, tight cage she'd ordered him to wear as proof of his devotion. It was warm with the heat of his body, and it kept his balls exposed and vulnerable, his cock limp until she decided otherwise. It thrilled her to know he wore it daily, not merely on his visits - that she owned him so completely that the root of so much of his male pride was literally under her lock and key. Her touch was rewarded with a small sigh, and a redoubling of Abel's efforts.

Withdrawing her hand with a smirk of satisfaction, she looked back over her shoulder and nodded, granting her slave the much-sought permission to move lower. To Abel's credit, he didn't move to it straight away - he worked thoroughly down until she was ready to purr again. Only when he'd reached it naturally did he start on her thick, luscious ass, and she set her head back down on the silk pillow that lay on the bed, arching lightly up into his touch. This, she was quite certain, was how her luxuriously padded body deserved to be treated - worshipped adoringly, caressed and stroked and kneaded until she was loose and soft all over. There was no shortage of volunteers, and though she had at first worried as age began to creep in - as the silver streak appeared at her temple, as her great enormous chest began to sag, as wrinkles grew in the corners of her eyes - that they might dry up, they had only increased.

There was of course the slight shift in their nature, but even that had fit her changing appetites. Once, when she was young and slimmer - never particularly slim, she knew, not since she was a little girl, but nonetheless with a fine hourglass that had disappeared over the years in favour of a soft belly that lacked the dramatic flare into her hips - her suitors had been almost all virile men and sumptuous women. They had desperate cocks they wanted her to please, needy cunts, greedy asses. Their desires had been so... So very primal. They had been unsophisticated, but not without charm, and far more to her taste than the older men and women who wanted her as a bauble for her beauty. More than a few of her suitors still belonged to that class of eager studs and sluts, but as that silver had come, as her body had turned from that of a maiden into that of a mother, her range had opened up.

Now there were more like her masseuse - eager young men and women still, but with very different wants. Abel was a prime example in his own right. He was not an ugly man, nor especially handsome, or even remarkable to look on in any particular way. Neither fat nor thin, powerful or a weakling. He had a fine head of brown hair and a handsome mustache, but it too was not exceptional. His cock, when it wasn't trapped in a cage not more than a hair longer than two inches, was perfectly ordinary and adequate. All that really differentiated him from the rest were his tastes. His desire to worship, to serve, was something that she had only rarely seen directed at herself in her youth. Now many of her suitors and would-be paramours had it. She chalked it up to unresolved mother issues.

It was ideal. As she'd grown older and heavier, her own appetites had shifted as well. She still enjoyed a virile stud with no thought other than to fuck and fuck well - how could she not? - or an eager young dyke with a breast obsession, but now, she craved the sense of power, of control, that these eager young submissives offered her. The thrill of the cage, the riding crop, the slap. She sighed softly at the thought, crossing her arms in front of her head, and banished it from her mind to focus on the raw sensual pleasure of her massage.

Abel's hands firmly squeezed and kneaded at her voluptuous backside, re-oiling as they began to run dry, and Letalya sighed again with pleasure. She let him linger there for long minutes, his hands covering every inch of the skin, dipping between the cleft of her buttocks and even cheekily rubbing over her asshole. It was no great ordeal, and when she finally spread her legs apart to tell him to move down it was with no small reluctance. Abel was an ass man, but he knew how to disguise it with the sweetest massages. To his credit, though, his attention to her thick, soft thighs was nearly as devout, and by the time he reached her feet she was positively purring, smile fixed on her lips. Between the rum and his worshipful attentions, she found herself drifting into that pleasant state between sleep and wakefulness, mind wandering freely but not dwelling on any particular matter.

With a slight clearing of his throat, Abel drew her back to awareness as he finished with her feet, and she luxuriated in a wiggle of her toes. It was astonishing how a good massage could take out tension and tightness she wasn't even aware of, her toes included. It was a queer thing, the way the sensations were only really made noticeable by their absence - like the way that there was no tense in her calves with the flex of her toes. Smiling, she propped herself up on her elbows and refilled her glass of rum before turning over. Her great, milk-laden breasts spilled to either side of her chest as she moved onto her back, and she laughed softly, one hand coming in to adjust them more comfortably. They were too heavy, really, for comfort in such a position for long, but the massage was more than pleasurable enough to make up for it. Glancing down between them at Abel, she nodded for him to begin, and he began making his way up her legs again.

"Good boy..." She crooned softly, raising her glass for a sip. "We have quite an evening ahead of us, you know. Jacob, Liam and Noah are coming to visit."

Her smile widened when she saw Abel flush at the thought. Oh yes - it was quite an evening. The three men she'd selected were all quite openly bisexual, well-endowed, and more than a little excited by the presence of a slave like Abel. It brought out their most eager sexual performances, and all three at once with Abel there would be a new, delightful experience.

"That's right. You're going to have to sit and watch me fuck all three of them. I hope that's alright?"

"Yes, Mistress." There was no waver in Abel's voice - only a slight throatiness, a nervous excitement slipping into the tone with it.

"Good. And of course, you know I'll expect you to perform?"

Abel was quiet for a moment, then spoke again. "Yes, Mistress." There - the flush deepened, and Letalya felt a wash of pleasure, the first dampenings of her pussy, her areolae tightening in. The sensation of power was magnificent, the knowledge she could make her poor little slaveboy - as straight as they came - suck cock for her amusement and pleasure as powerful an aphrodisiac as any that nature or chemical ingenuity could provide.

"Do a good job, Abel, and I may just fuck that slutty little hole of yours with my favourite dick until you spurt."

Silently, her slave and cuckold redoubled his efforts on her thighs, and she smirked before lowering her head to the pillow. Her hand slid down between them, caressing through the silky thatch of hair on her mons - she took great pains to keep it soft, fragrant, and neat - before dipping lower, running over her pussy in front of him, teasing him. It was something she'd never given him and never would, and she knew for a certainty that he desired her all the more for it. Yes - these strange hungers that age had birthed in her and her suitors both were exquisite to satisfy. The sensation of power enhanced every touch, made her skin tingle and stars blossom from the lightest caress over her thick labia. She withdrew her hand again when she felt her point was made, resting it by her side.

Abel's work was impeccable as he moved up her thighs to her hips, to the soft expanse of her belly, to the immense swell of her milky breasts. He focused there, to her great pleasure, not on her enormous bosom but on the muscle beneath - though as he moved to the front of her shoulders she opened her eyes, shaking her head.

"No, Abel, not yet. You know our guests want them looking their best, so no skipping."

Abel obediently re-oiled his hands and returned to her breasts, and she sighed gently at the sensation of his skilled fingers working over her tits. There was physical pleasure in it, certainly, especially when his fingers brushed over her nipples, but the knowledge that each lingering moment made her slave ache in his cage was sweeter by far. Only when she was satisfied that no part of her breasts had been neglected - and there were vast stretches of skin for him to attend to, so much so that he used both hands for each in turn rather than attempting to handle both at once - did she nod her permission for him to move to her shoulders and arms and finish up.

By the time he was done, she felt positively glowing, her skin flushed with renewed circulation. She took Abel's hand and rose up from the bed, stretching out languidly before turning around to survey herself in the mirror. Oh yes - not only did she feel it, she looked it. There was a certain relaxed cast to her smile, a certain deepness to the way it reached her eyes, and she noted with no small sense of satisfaction that with the oil having had its time to be absorbed, her skin now had a subtle sheen without being greasy, a suppleness that invited touch. 

"Very good, Abel..." She sighed out, glancing over at him. "I think the corset and the thigh-highs, and the lily-of-the-valley. That should get them suitably excited."

As Abel left the room to fetch her perfume and the lingerie, she took a final moment in the mirror. Age, she thought, had been kind. There was sag, yes, but great care had kept it from exaggeration, and it served to emphasize rather than detract from the fullness of her breasts. Her belly was still tight, if large, without the rumpling of the skin she had seen in others her size - it was a smooth roundness that held itself against gravity yet. Her dark hair was still thick and long, cascading down her chest, the ends brushing the nipples, and when she turned she was more than a little pleased with the state of her voluptuous bottom. Oh yes, age had been kind, she thought again as she swayed over to the vanity against the wall, eyeing the queer seat with a little grin. 

It was a peculiar stool, a round cut-out in the centre and ample padding to make up for the reduced surface area. It served a very special purpose, one she was itching to put to use as she waited on Abel. When he returned, he needed no instruction - he simply lay the requested items on the vanity and took his position on his back beneath the stool. With a few wiggling adjustments and the provision of a cushion, his face filled the hole at the perfect height for her convenience, and without ceremony she straddled the stool and sat, pressing her pussy down on Abel's face. As much as she enjoyed the more intimate experience that came without the stool, it was so much easier to attend her routine this way.

As she took her bristle brush and ran it through her long, silky hair, Abel began to kiss and lick at her and she sighed with pleasure. His tongue was the match of his fingers, teasing just right at her lips before caressing her clitoris firmly, running in circles and bold strokes that sent little shivering bolts of pleasure up and down her spine. It was almost enough to distract her from her hair, and when it threatened to do just that, she readjusted herself on the stool so that her voluptuous backside was more prominent, her cheeks lightly spread, and when Abel's tongue circled her asshole she let out a fresh sigh. It was much less intense, a less powerfully distracting sort of pleasure for her, and she was able to return her focus to getting ready. She left her hair loose, to spill down her back and tumble over her shoulders, and painted her lips a deep, enticing red. She finished up with a few delicate dabs of the softly floral perfume, at her wrists, her throat, and between her breasts.

Glancing at the clock, she groaned with frustration. Her guests were due very soon, but it was all too tempting to stay planted comfortable, Abel worshipping her cunt and ass with his tongue. She shook off the urge towards settling with a little laugh at herself - as fond as she was of the talented tongue currently running in circles around her asshole, it was no match for a good cock, let alone three - and rose gracefully, stepping out and kicking Abel lightly in the thigh to signal for him to come up as well.

"Dress me."

It was a delightful experience in its own right, having Abel carry out such minor things. He took the corset first, stepping around behind her and silently helping her into it, lacing it tight behind her back. She took a deep breath as he did, keeping it from fastening too tightly. It wasn't designed really to restrict her waist, to produce a dramatic hourglass, but was for show, a fine piece of light boning and deep red satin that offset her deep olive-tanned skin nicely. The stockings followed, smoothly eased up her legs and tied off to the corset, and she looked to the mirror, nodding at the effect. Together, they emphasized her thick thighs, broad hips, and ample chest with their lines and colours, and without seeming too deliberate, too calculated. It just flowed together nicely, and drew the eyes to where they belonged seemingly without artifice.

"On the bed, Abel, I'm going to ride your fa..." She trailed off at the knock, and smiled, turning to face the door. "Nevermind. Go on and let our friends in."

Briefly, she wondered if she should have worn heels, then dismissed it. They just got in the way, and even if they were worth the bother, there was no time to fetch them, not with Abel already at the door. He opened it wide and stepped aside for the three men who entered with a confident swagger in their steps. Jacob was the first through, a strapping young man in his mid-twenties with charming green eyes, a strong jaw, and a handsome nose. Then Noah, with his shock of unruly black hair, his deep-set eyes, his wonderfully broad shoulders and great meaty hands, and then last but not least of the three, Liam, the tallest by a good six inches and, quite obvious in his very tight cotton trousers, the best endowed of them as well.

"Well, aren't you three a sight for sore eyes?" Letalya crooned at them, hand on her hip, smile turning to a grin. "I've been looking forward to this all day, and now here you are. Three big, handsome men all for me."

Liam was the most familiar of the three, and he was the one who took the lead, advancing to her and leaning for a bold kiss that she gleefully returned, wrapping her soft arms around his neck and tracing her fingers through his chestnut brown hair. His hands found her buttocks, squeezing tight at the vast expanse of flesh while their tongues met and danced, and she closed her eyes to focus on the moment, on his strong chest against her breasts, the subtle press of his cock against her hips through the trousers, the taste of smoke on his lips.

When Noah joined them, she broke her kiss to press one to his lips instead, laughing gently at the tickle of his beard on her skin. One hand slipped from Liam's hair to wrap around Noah instead, and when Noah took her tit in hand she sighed happily into the kiss, parting her lips for his tongue and leaning into their bodies. She revelled in the sensations, the press of strong bodies, the rough hands on her ass, the tongue dancing at her's, but there was another layer to the fireworks unfolding in her body, a deeper, subtler pleasure. She'd never been entirely unaware of it, but Abel made it all the stronger. It was power. The power she had over her three partners for the evening, over him, over the men and women who craved her.

It made her wet, more than anything that Noah and Liam could hope to accomplish, and they were far from displeasing in their own right. Opening her eyes, she could just see Abel at the edge of her vision, staring at her with obvious jealousy on his face, and she thrilled, leaning harder into the kiss. Her hands slid away from her partners' hair, trailing down their bodies to their trousers, grabbing at them through the fabric and squeezing softly as she broke the kiss.

"Nice to see you're as happy to see me as I am you, boys... Now, you all know each other, and you've all met Abel before, but just in case you've forgotten. He's ours to use as we like for the night, whether you want him to suck your dicks or to bend him over."

"Hah! Why would I waste my time with you here?" Jacob said, pouring himself a drink at the sidebar, smiling rakishly at her before raising the glass of wine to his lips.

"Why, Jacob, you already know why. Because it turns me on, baby, to see you use him." Letalya replied with a cheeky grin, stroking her hands firmly against Noah and Liam's swelling cocks. "And I think we both know that that's enough reason for everyone here... Now, where were we?"

Liam pressed another fierce kiss to her lips, his hands grabbing at her ass, fondling her cheeks, exploring the familiar territory with great relish. Letalya sighed into it, the sense of power only growing as she blindly felt for his and Noah's zippers, seizing them and slowly tugging down. She paused at the threshold, teasing them, then broke the kiss again and raised her hands up to gently push them back, smirking playfully.

"That's right, that's where we were. Abel, come over here and get their dicks out for me."

Her eyes locked to her slave as she spoke, and when he flushed crimson but moved to obey she actually sighed with pleasure, a little tremble running down her spine. His humiliation, his obedience, was sublime, and she watched closely as he moved to his knees before the two impressive studs. His throat worked as he swallowed with shame and nervousness before he reached up to Noah's fly, hand sliding inside to take the better man's dick in his palm and draw it out.

"Like it?" Noah asked playfully, reaching down to take hold of himself, bouncing his cock in his palm. He was half-erect, thick and meaty and uncut. Abel began to move, and Letalya shook her head, grinning.

"No. Answer him, Abel, or I won't let you watch him fuck me."

Abel paused, swallowing again, and forced himself to look upwards at Noah's chiselled features and brooding blue eyes.

"Yes, sir, I like your cock. I can't wait to see it in my Mistress."

"Yeah, I bet." Noah smirked down at him, leaning in close and playfully slapping him on the cheek with it. "Now get to work."

Abel stared down at the floor this time as he shuffled on his knees to Liam. As he moved, Jacob joined them, wrapping his arm around Letalya and kissing her neck, and another shiver ran up her spine as she leant back to kiss him softly - and briefly. She didn't want to miss a moment of the show of Abel's humiliation, even as Jacob's hands found her enormous breasts and began to massage them. Her own hand slid between her legs as she watched her cuckold reach into Liam's trousers and fish out his cock, massive and erect.
