 *This story contains anal, oral, lesbian, and group sex.*

*****

Samantha Murphy was a college professor at the end of her rope. She was overworked, under-paid, and enough of a pushover to give her class a chance to retry their midterms. It was midnight and she was still grading tests alone in her office. She remembered having some trouble in statistics when she took it, but she didn't remember half the class failing! 

It wasn't as if she had anything better to do though. She had always been a genius when it came to statistics and probability; and she was right now waiting for one of her papers to published. Professionally, she really had everything figured out. It was her personal life that suffered. She had dedicated so much of herself to her work that she hadn't been on a date since she herself was in college. 

But men were dumb. She couldn't tolerate them. For years she surpassed her peers and found them less and less interesting. Even her co-workers lacked passion in their craft. Some were attractive, and many had told her they had feelings for her, but she could not return their advances. She sighed, realizing she was too distracted to continue, and made her way to the restroom just to find an excuse to get up and pace.

Her heels clicked on the tile floor as she stood in front of the mirror. She was shorter than average, which turned meager assets much larger. Her hips were wide and ready for childbirth, her raven black hair was even and chin height. Her glasses shielded piercing blue eyes. She pouted and turned to her side. She worked out and ate well in a vain hope that someone worth her time would come to her some day. She was beautiful. How come no one seemed right to her? She was horny, and lonely, but she wasn't going to settle for anything less that what she deserved. 

She heard chuckling and held her breath. Was someone else in the building? She took a deep breath to calm herself down before going to investigate. She liked to work alone. 

She lightly clacked her heels on the steps as the voices grew louder. It was a group of Semi-drunk students. She should have known. She rolled her eyes and stomped towards the classroom they were inhabiting. How long had they been in there? She stormed in, "Who is in here?"

She paused and gaped. There were two men and two women. All four were her students. They were all in various states of dress. They were playing cards around a table covered in chips and bottles. One of the women was dressed in nothing but a G-string thong. Her large breasts were covered by a car each and bounced as she turned. She was blonde and tan and shocked to see the teacher, "P-Professor Murphy!"

"Sadie?" She asked. That was the principles daughter. Things had gotten more complicated. She looked to the other students. "Jenny!" A platinum blond with long braided hair was in a t-shirt and jeans. She was smaller, thinner, and more petite. She was surprised at those two, but the men she recognized. "Tim and Drake." She knew at once who had organized this. Tim was always the ringleader of trouble with his big, dumb, square body. Drake laughed at his jokes and covered for him, he was the tall, skinny, nerdy type who'd be successful if not for his choice of friends. Tim was missing a shirt, the other a pair of pants. Clothes of all sorts littered the floor.

"You want to join Ms. Murphy?" Tim's voice cracked when he asked. She scowled at him. "P-Professor I mean!" He was never respectful, and always had the desire to cause chaos.

"No." She sighed again. "I think you all know that you can't be here, and this is a dry campus." Thankfully none of them were underage. She looked to Sadie with apprehension before saying, "Get your clothes on and go home before I call security."

"Come on!" Drake argued. "We're not hurting anybody!" Tim was just the kind of asshole slacker that was going to get all of his friends kicked out of school. Drake was the closest thing to a good student she had, and here he was taking the other side. She remembered Drake coming to her for help before. She liked him. He had potential. He was honest and respectful, not like this at all.

"I'm already re-grading your midterms. I'm all out of patience." She explained.

"Alright." Tim gave up. Murphy began to relax. "If you're afraid you'll lose, I guess we'll just go."

Murphy laughed. "What?" She asked. "I know more about poker than you ever will." She had a naughty thought. If he wanted to play dirty, "How about this. I'll play a hand of five card draw. If I win, you have to run all the way back home naked."

The other three looked at Tim expectantly. "Oooh, what are you going to do?" Sadie said. She was as dumb as blondes could be, but she knew how to play people. She also had it out for Murphy and had complained to her father about the class being too hard several times. Murphy was surprised she took her side here.

"Fine." He shrugged. "If I win, you let us keep playing."

Tim was a moron. "Sure." She stepped up to the table. Fifty two cards, five cards each. She knew all the chances. She refused to sit, instead she waited for Jenny to deal. She looked at her hand and saw a pair of aces. It was more than likely she would win. "No cards." She said. Tim stayed with his hand as well. They revealed the cards.

Tim had two pair. Murphy twitched. That was unlucky. 

"Fortune favors the bold?" Jenny asked. She laughed awkwardly. She was a follower, and a slave to peer pressure. Murphy could tell she just wanted everyone to calm down and stay friends.

"Your test scores say otherwise." Murphy joked. The others chuckled. "Two out of three." She offered.

"How about you play with us?" Tim asked. "You can make us all go home naked if you want." Murphy thought about it. She looked at her watch. Sure, she had time. If it meant teaching these kids a lesson. Besides, that hand of cards had been fun.

"How are we playing?" She asked.

"You buy chips with clothing." Tim said. "Or you can make offers to other players with dares. You don't have to pay for your chips until you lose them." He explained. "So you could buy in with your shoes, but you don't have to take them off until you lose your chips."

Dangerous. Murphy liked that. "What is the limit for the dares?"

"Anything you agree to." Tim shrugged. "We're playing Texas Hold'em."

"Understood." Murphy smirked. Tim had no idea what he was getting into. "So what should I wager first then." Time seemed surprised she was serious.

"Each piece of clothing is ten chips." Jenny explained. "So, shoes, socks, coat, vest, will get you 40."

"I wont need more." Murphy said smugly. She accepted the chips and was dealt her first hand of cards. 

Bad luck on the first hand. She lost the ante, but got out quickly enough.

Second round was the same.

On the third she had pocket aces, but the flop didn't give her anything new. Risky gamble, but it paid off. She got another twenty chips back, bringing her to 55.

"Damn it!" Jenny seethed as she got up. She had lost all her chips. She peeled her shirt off and undid her bra, covering herself with one arm. Drake whistled. "Shut up!" She blushed and smiled. She still had her jeans on.

"Lets keep going." Murphy felt high as a kite. This was fun, and she was winning. Something about stripping down these prideful students gave her a thrill of a lifetime.

The next hand was not her best. She lost five chips.

Then came a clash. Drake bid large, but Murphy had a possible strait. She followed, but the strait didn't pan out. She was down to 30. "Lets see you take something off!" She heard Drake squeal. She kicked off her shoes with a sneer. Just a spot of bad luck.

Then 25 chips.

Then 20. She tossed off her socks.

She had to win big. She had a king and queen in her hand, and there were two kings on the board. She went all in. Tim had a king and an ace. Her knuckles went white. "Pay up." She looked around the room in horror. How could she loose? She grit her teeth and removed her coat and vest. She wore a white, button down blouse and a black skirt. She saw the eyes of Sadie looking at her with sadistic glee. Jenny looked away, and Tim and Drake ogled her despite her still being modestly dressed. 

They had to be cheating. She had to prove it. "Forty more chips." She demanded. She had to earn it all back. She had to teach them a lesson. It would be the last time they messed with her. She knew that her shirt, skirt, bra, and panties were all she had left. 

"You sure prof?" Jenny asked. Murphy's glare was sufficient. She knew she could assert herself and make them leave now, but then she'd be admitting defeat.

She lost the next hand, she was down to thirty five. She couldn't lose anymore.

Another bad hand. She was down to thirty one.

"Hey, I'll make you a deal." Tim spoke up. "I'll give you a chip for each button on your blouse. But when you take if off, you have to do it slow and sexy to music." 

Murphy tried to calm down. This was him taunting her, but it was a good offer for her. "Fine." She took it. If she could get paid twice for the same thing, so be it.

She had a pair of twos in her hand, but everyone else folded. Not much gain.

She bid high on two pair, but lost to Sadie. She was down to thirty. "Yay!" Sadie bounced, her tits secured only by her hand. "Strip!"

Murphy was losing control of the situation. "This is dumb!" She stood. "You have to be cheating!" She looked around at all of them. 

"Lighten up!" Tim shrugged. "What, you think there is something under my sleeves?" he showed he bare chest, "In his pockets?" he pointed to Drake in his boxers, "It is strip poker!" He was right. She grumbled for him to start the music. "What?" he asked. 

"I said start the music damn it!" Murphy was more mad at herself than anything else. How could she let this happen? How was she loosing at her own game?

Some shitty pop song played on someone phone and she swayed her large hips in the least sexy way possible while unbuttoning her blouse. Her bra was white, her skin was sweaty. Her stomach was flat and her breasts were second only to the blondes. She felt like a prey animal. She was supposed to be the predator! The punisher! The long arm of the law! Instead she was being humiliated by these losers!

"You want to qu-" Jenny started as Murphy sat.

"Deal the cards!" Murphy ordered. 

She lost her ante, but folded before she lost much else. Sadie lost her last chips. "Ahh!" She stopped the ground in frustration. "Can I please have a loan?" She squirmed.

"Take them off!" Jamie was the first to hold her to her word. Sadie grimaced and pulled them down, releasing her tits to everyone's view for a single moment. Drake and Tim went wild and Sadie blushed madly. 

"Am I done?" She asked.

"You want a dare for a loan?" Jenny asked. "I'll give you ten if you do fifty jumping jacks!"

"Ah! No!" Sadie shook her buck naked body with laughter. 

"You wont have to do it unless you lose those chips." Drake said.

"Well," Sadie bit her lip. The bimbo took the bait. "Sure!" Murphy almost felt sorry for the girl.

Next hand Murphy bid poorly on a gamble. Now she was down to fifteen. Her heart beat in her throat. She stood in shock. This couldn't be happening. She gulped, her eyes wide as she unzipped her skirt and let it fall. The crowd went wild. Sadie's crocodile grin was ecstatic. Sadie must have loved seeing Murphy is peril. Jenny's eyes were shamelessly coveting her teachers body, and the boys were something between awe and awkward politeness. 

"So, we can be done if you want. It's getting pretty-"

"No." Murphy scowled. "I'm getting you back for this. Deal the cards." She was going to get them all back for this.

Tim gulped and responded, "Look, how about I give you some chips for a dare, okay?" Did he want to delay her complete humiliation? No. Tim wasn't that kind. "How about, ten chips for," He thought for a moment, "Posing for a few pictures!" Murphy must have shown the shock and horror on her face, "They wont be online or anything! Just for us!"

"Fine." She took the handout.

She lost them all in the next hand. This was insane. How was she losing so badly? "Lay down," She heard and obeyed. "Spread your legs. Yea, now hold up a peace sign. Can you hold you your tongue? And now roll your eyes back. Great!" Murphy felt like the worst kind of whore. "Now how about on all fours. Wiggle your bubble butt for me. Er, I mean, your rear end." Was "bubble butt" something they used commonly to refer to her? She blushed madly as her knees and palms supported her wiggling rump and torso. It wasn't that big right? "One more, how about a hand under your bra, and another between your legs. Now smile for me. Like you mean it! Bite your lip, great!"

All she could think of was her "Bubble butt". She could see it now, especially clad in nothing but her panties.

She was losing what little respect her students had for her. She felt like a little girl getting bullied, not a teacher with any sort of power. "H-How about another dare?" She asked. How had she become so timid?

"How about," Drake started, "Ten chips, and you let Sadie spank you as you lose them."

She could not let that happen. Murphy had to stop this now. "Okay." She nodded. She had to win.

She lost three chips. 

"Oh Professor?" Sadie slapped her lap. She had slowly grown accustomed to being buck-naked in front of everyone. Her boobs swung like coconuts. Murphy felt like someone else was controlling her body went she allowed herself to bend over her younger students bare legs. "Remember to say thank you after each!" She felt a slap across her bubble butt and yelped. Bubble butt? Why did she call it that? Don't think of that! She felt another slap, "Say thank you!" and then one last slap across her butt.

"Thank you!" Murphy muttered and then covered her mouth with horror. She got up and went back to her seat quickly. "I didn't say anything!" She asserted. "Lets keep going..."

She finally won and received 10 chips. She had some sort of buffer against humiliation now.

"Shit!" Sadie, who had felt so powerful before, had lost all her chips again. She got up and began her jumping jacks. After twenty she had to stop and rest, panting. She was beginning to sweat. She was not in peak condition, and her tits bouncing around like water balloons were quite a spectacle. Murphy had to admit to having some pleasure in watching her tormenter in such pain.

"I think I'll just watch for now." Sadie was out of breath, her chest heaved.

The next hand saw Murphy lose all her gains and go down to nineteen. This wasn't happening. "Oh professor!" She saw the naked Sadie alluringly wiggle. Murphy marched over her knees in silence. "Seven more right? One!" Murphy squeaked in a horribly embarrassing fashion from the hard slap across her buttocks. "Two!" Her cheeks clenched but she felt the slap even more than before. "Three!" it stung like a bee sting all across her bubble butt. No! Stop! That wasn't her words! Murphy held her face tight and groaned, "Four!" Was it the pain or the embarrassment? She didn't know, but her body was hot and heavy. "Five!" Sadie must have purposefully slapped Murphy between the legs and she felt her clit catch fire.

"Ahh!" Murphy called out in painful pleasure. 

"Whoops! Sorry!" Sadie did it again, right across her panties, "Six!" Murphy cursed again as her crotch seized, "And seven!"

"Jesus!" Her legs went tight as she got up from her punishment. She sat down on the cold chair in shame. She had to hope her luck turned around. She couldn't last anymore of this without losing every speck of pride she had left. Her bubb-... her rear end couldn't take anymore.

She played the next hand, and lost.

She had a pair in the next hand, but let it go and folded. What was the point? Her luck needed to turn around eventually right?

She folded again. 

And again.

She went to nine chips and loosened her bra. "You don't have to-" she heard Tim say.

"I keep my promises." Murphy said with regret. Everyone was sneaking glances at her cleavage. She held down her breasts with one arm and got ready for the next hand.

And the next.

And the next.

She was in shock when she was forced to go all in. This was insane. "I need a loan." She asserted.

"It's fine, you don't-"

"I will win this one!" She asserted. She was certain. She had a strait. They weren't cheating. She needed to win big, or there was no hope of recovering from this. 

"Miss-" Tim stopped, "I mean, professor..."

"What do you want?" Murphy asked. She knew she was being hysterical, but she didn't care. "You want a blow job? You want to fuck my tits? My 'bubble butt'? Fine! Give me my god-damn chips! I'll take you the fuck down!" 

Silence. 

"Come on!"

"I think we should stop," Drake started.

"I'll call the fucking police!" Murphy threatened. She wasn't going to lose. She wasn't going to let the game end before she proved she was better than them. Her luck was just about to turn around. She was just about to win big. "Give me a loan!" she said to Tim. 

"I," Tim gulped. He looked scared. "Okay. Um, F-F-For a B-Blow job..."

"Ten chips." She begged. "That is all I need. I don't need your charity."

"Oh. Okay." Tim gulped again. "I guess, here, is-"

"And ten more." She continued, looking at Tim. "For my bubble butt!" she felt her ass clench a the thought.

"F-For you're-" Tim continued. "P-Professor Murphy, I don't even have that many-"

"Drake." She called him. "Give me ten chips."

Drake twitched, "This is getting a little-"

"Do it you bastard!" Murphy said with exasperation. They weren't going to see her tits. They weren't going to see her pussy. She was going to earn it all back this round. She didn't care what she wagered, because she knew it wasn't going to happen. "Are you saying to you don't want it?" She gripped the table with vigor. "Fucker?"

"Oh, Okay!" Drake nodded in fear, "I'll do that!"

Murphy was panting. She was sweating. She felt like an animal on the brink of her sanity. She was still in control. She was still going to win.

"T-That's not enough." Tim shuddered. Not so tough now, she thought. He was afraid to lose. "To match me you need twice as much-"

"Jenny," Murphy rolled her eyes, "What do you want? Pictures?"

Jenny was flustered, "Professor, I think you should stop." She looked at Murphy's damp panties.

"You want to lick my pussy?"

"W-What?"

"You want to eat me out little girl?" Jenny looked startled, confused, and turned on. "I'll let you lick any part of me you want for ten chips." Jenny looked around and swallowed hard. "I'll take that as a yes. Sadie?" She turned to the other naked woman. "What do you want?"

Even Sadie seemed flustered and out of her element. "I'll, uh, take pictures."

"What else? You already got pictures. Don't fucking take pity on me."

"Uh," Sadie tapped her knees, "I guess I'll take a video?"

"Fine." She got her forty Chips and bid them all. She was going to have more than 80 chips after this, and that was going to give her everything back. Her clothes, her life, her dignity, everything. It was just the start of a new winning streak. 

She played her full house.

Tim played his flush.

She was stunned. She was silent and contemplative. Murphy tried to calculate the odds. 

"Um, Professor, I think we should-" Tim started. Murphy thought that she might cry, or scream, or even become violent. Instead she stood, walked to Tim, and lowered her panties. She was wet. She had been ignoring it the entire game. She had been ignoring the fact that she was more excited than she had been in years. She had been hiding the fact that she was so horny she could barely control herself. Tim was speechless. 

"I keep my promises." She said. She knelt down under him and felt her mind racing. She had to get this over with, then she could try again. No surrender. She could still win this. She fished his cock out of his pants and swallowed down her shame. Her mind melted. She sucked the cock like he was a lover and tried not to make eye contact with anyone. She was out of practice, she the last guy she'd done this for had been the same age, so, whatever.
