 I instruct our sweet young thing to lay at your left side as I kneel beside the bed at your right. I ask for her left hand and tell her to do to your cock what I do to her fingers and hand. You watch as I extend my tongue to touch the tip of her index finger. As they come in contact with each other, you feel her velvety tongue on the tip of your cock. My mouth closes around, just down to the first knuckle, and I flick my tongue lightly on the pad of her finger. You feel her tongue flick the underside of your cock. I suck gently…just enough to hold her finger in my mouth and I glide my tongue around the fingertip slowly, feeling the textures with my tongue, tasting her skin. I stop so the pad of her fingertip rests on my tongue and I suck slowly until friction stops me, then I push against the tip and withdraw. I turn my head slightly and lick down the sides of her finger, until it is moistened all the way down. As I make my final upward swipe, I engulf her fingertip and suck it down to the last knuckle and back up to the tip. 

Your cock is hard and beautiful. Just the tip pokes out of your foreskin. So pink. You say she is definitely a good student. I lean over and whisper in her ear what I want her to do next. 

Once again I take just the tip of her finger in my mouth and she takes the tip of your cock between her lips and as she lowers her head, her lips grasp your foreskin and gently push it back. I suck gently on her fingertip and swirl my tongue slowly around it and pull away, at the same time she keeps your foreskin between her lips and pulls it up over the head of your cock. I lick down toward her palm and kiss the mound of flesh at the base of her finger, her tongue follows your cock down to your balls and she kisses the right and then the left one. 

All of this tongue action has gotten me wet and I slide my right hand to my pussy and tug at the outer lips. It's obvious that her pussy is in need of attention too, so I suggest she turn, placing her in the top 69 position, over you. Now I take her right hand and I start truly giving head to her fingers. I lick and suck two fingers at a time, gliding my tongue and lips over them like they were your cock. In my mind they are your cock. She is having a hard time concentrating on the lesson as your tongue probes her pussy for her sweet juices and her hard clit. I try to remember that deep throat is not for the beginner, so I take only half of the length of her fingers, but I want your cock. My pussy is so juicy now, my fingers manipulate my clit, making them flow more. She is close to orgasm and in spite of her efforts to suck you off, she sits up to enjoy the ride on your face. 

I figure, what the heck, and I get between your legs and start to eat you. Oh, you feel so good in my mouth. I take you in slowly and deeply. When I get to the bottom of your stalk, I lick your balls and bring my mouth back to the tip. She is watching me, amazed that deep throat is indeed possible. I decide to educate her just a bit more and I raise your legs to allow me access to your ass. I bury my nose in your balls and my tongue gets busy on your asshole. Suddenly, her mouth is once again busy on your cock. I continue to stroke my clit and finger fuck my pussy. Tonguing your ass, licking, sucking, fucking you with my tongue, I start to moan in anticipation of my orgasm. She is trying very hard to deep throat and doing very well. I announce my impending orgasm and I decide to take this moment to insert my index finger into your ass and massage your "trigger". You swell in her mouth ready to shoot your load and you warn her. She wants to see you cum so she sits back up and as she cums on your face, you cum like a geyser and I cum, gushing my juices. As we all settle down a bit, I lower your legs and start to clean you with my tongue. She leans forward and tentatively, she licks. She decides she likes it and helps me clean you up.