 It was only to stop Jack’s nagging that Anne had eventually agreed to a threesome.  She had hoped, and expected that he would drop the idea when she laid down her one and only condition - that it should be Jack and another man.  “I’m not ready to share you with another woman, not yet.”  Jack was taken aback by her words, when she added. “Why should I share you with another woman if you won’t share me with another man?” 

Latched onto the implied promise, she was surprised when he said.  “I suppose that’s only fair and maybe later we can try another threesome with a woman.”

“Maybe,” Anne agreed - she crossed her fingers behind her back.  In all honesty Jack did not have enough energy to satisfy all her demands, let alone the needs of two rampant females.

She had thought that finding another man would be an obstacle.  She told Jack that he had to find the guy and introduce them, but that before he made the final approach she held the veto.  Jack immediately suggested his friend Peter, but Anne said no.  She knew that Peter would be telling the story in every bar in town.

Jack’s next suggestion was Matt.  Anne was good friends with Matt’s girlfriend Debbie, so she vetoed Matt.  Anne was getting confident that she could keep the vetoes going for evermore, or at least until Jack grew out of his obsession with threesomes, for she was sure that it was no more than one of his passing fads.

Adam was different, there was something kindly about him, yet he was amoral about sex.  Sex to Adam was a game that people played for physical enjoyment.  Listening to him talk Anne doubted if Adam had ever been really in love.  When Jack suggested Adam’s name she was going to reject him, then she thought about the situation.  Three months had passed and Jack was still obsessed with the idea.  If it had to be with someone Adam seemed ideal, he did not socialize a lot, he could keep a confidence, and most importantly to her, his vasectomy meant that there was no possibility of accidents.

So it came to pass that she was lying in the middle of a double bed with two men making love to her.  From the outset Adam had taken control, this was to be a memorable event.  He had told her that she was in absolute charge of how far they went, any time she wanted things to stop she only had to say and they would stop.  By the meaningful look he gave Jack she wondered how much he knew or had he simply guessed.

Together Adam and Jack had watched her undress and then had allowed her to undress them.  Every time Jack tried to hurry her, it was Adam who put the brakes on.  “Give her space Jack, let things happen.  Remember this is not a contest or a race, our role is to make love to Anne so that she enjoys it, we get our enjoyment from pleasuring her not the other way around.”

Anne had noticed Jack was looking pretty confused as he struggled to grasp a new concept.  When they were undressed it was Adam who suggested that she lay in the middle of the bed.  It was Adam who said to Jack,  “You take her left side and I’ll take the right, whatever I do you do.”

Despite her reluctance and determination not to enjoy the experience, she found herself writhing on the mattress dying to come, and their mouths had not yet reached her knees.  They, with Adam taking the lead, had begun by sucking her toes.  It had tickled when the soles of her feet had been bathed in long licks.  Their two mouths had moved onto the inside of her legs, licking and kissing wafting jets of cool air across her skin.  Every so often she had been aware of Adam murmuring, “slow down Jack, enjoy the experience.”

Her cunt had opened in lustful anticipation as their heads moved in unison up her legs, leaving damp cool snail trails of saliva along the inside of her thighs.  How were both of them going to get their tongues into her cunt at the same time, she thought as they both neared the moist nether lips of her sex.

Jack followed Adam’s lead, when Adam lifted his head.  Adam placed a hand upon her pubic bone pushing into it lightly with the heel of his palm, Jack followed suite although the pressure he exerted was greater.  

Both shifted their oral ministrations, each of them sucking on her fingers.  Slowly they kissed and licked their way across the palms of her hand and up the sensitive inside of her forearm, and all the time they kept up the palm massage of her mons veneris.  By the time they had reached the crook of her elbow her hips had assumed a life of their own constantly moving in a circular motion as she ground out her orgasms one after the other.

If it had not been for Adam, Jack would have ruined everything by leaping between her legs and thrashing away until he came.  But every time that Jack tensed she offered up a silent prayer of thanks when she heard Adam growl at him.  “Not yet, take your time Jack.”

It was when they had reached her breasts and each was suckling on a nipple that she realized what an ego-boost it was to have two men making love to her.  Two men were worshiping her body. That her body was the sole object of two men’s attention.  She realized that instead of feeling a slut, as she had expected, she felt like a goddess - a modern Aphrodite.  Everything that was happening in the room was geared to her orgasm, and she had been in a almost constant orgasmic state since their mouths had been below her knees.

The realization about how long she had been experiencing almost non-stop orgasms, triggered a moment of panic.  How many orgasms could a woman endure, could it strain her heart, could it kill her?  Don’t be stupid she admonished herself, pushing the thought from her head.  Then smiled to herself when as she came yet again, she silently said.  “What a lovely way to go!”  She had no idea how many times she had come, long ago she had given up counting as the orgasms had churned out of her faster than the cars of an express train emerging from a tunnel.

Anne hoped that Jack would remember some of the tricks that Adam had shown him.  As the two men sucked on her breasts, little pulses of electricity rippled down through her stomach, knotting the muscles on their way, to terminate when they hit some warm wet point in her womb.  From this fount hot fluids boiled and jetted down her vagina.  She could feel the seeping fluids running down over her perineum, the stream dividing to run around the opening bud of her anus.  

Her sex was gaping, a cavity that craved to be filled.  She did not care if it was a cock or fingers she just had to be plugged.  “Please guys I don’t care how but do me any way you want me but fill me.”  She pleaded, shocked at the lewdness of her words.

“One at a time or together?”

“Together I’m desperate.”  She saw Jack’s wide-eyed surprise when he heard her reply to Adam’s question.  She had no idea how it could be achieved but was aware that her virgin ass-hole was also opening, begging to be filled.  Now seemed as good a time as any to surrender her remaining virginity.

Despite her aroused state she nearly choked with laughter when Adam said, “Your choice old chap, which do you fancy.”

Predictably Jack opted for her ass – in the past she had always refused his requests to bugger her.  She rolled onto her stomach.  Impatiently Jack began to mount her, Adam stopped him saying, “Lube the lady up with this first.”

The lubricant had felt cold on her hot sex, but Adam had ensured that both her anus and her cunt were liberally anointed with the slippery jelly.  She was so well lubricated that she was hardly aware of it when Jack slid his slippery cock into her ass.  Adam was a good teacher and he talked them through the process of turning over together in two ninety-degree turns.  Now she was on top of Jack facing the ceiling, Adam got between her and Jack’s legs then slithered his cock into her cunt.

As he was on top it was Adam who dictated their collective movements.  Because Jack was pinned under her, he was unable to indulge in his usual frenetic thrashing about, which was based upon his erroneous belief that the harder and faster a man screwed a woman the more likely she was to come.  Anne needed no motion to make her come, - the knowledge that she had two cocks lodged inside her had started the faucet in her womb running once again.  

Adam moved in a slow sliding sensuous movement that seemed to consume little energy whilst tantalizing and enervating every nerve point of her vagina.  She responded to his motion by moving her hips whilst gripping Jack’s cock with her anal muscles.  Jack groaned as his spunk jetted into her bowel.  She discovered that by clenching her butt muscles she could hold his cock within her even when it softened.  Adam nearly pulled out then thrust into her as he shot his wad, his cock slithering along the freshly laid trail of his own spunk.

From the bottom of the piled bodies Jack uttered his protests.  Carefully, Adam moving first, she lifted herself from Jack and disengaging from him.  Both men cuddled up to her when she lay back on the bed.  When Jack began to speak she placed a finger to his lips.  “Please Jack don’t talk.  Just lie quietly, let me feel you near to me.”  

She felt deliciously lascivious with the lewd sensation of spunk still swilling around in her vagina and her bowels.  The sheer wickedness of the act – fucking two men was so great that she wanted to imprint every moment in her brain, lest she forget the sensations she had experienced.  She felt amazingly loved and valued as she cradled her lovers’ heads in her arms.  She lifted her hips and gave them a little wriggle – the sticky wetness slopped around.  Jack followed Adam’s lead when he placed a hand back upon her raised mons.  “Keep your hands there but please don’t move them.”  She pleaded – she still needed to unwind.

Adam’s hand like his body was still, she was aware of his presence by the contact and his body warmth.  She could sense that Jack was fretting, his mind in a turmoil, impatient to do anything, to sate his desires.

“Anyone fancy a drink?”  Adam asked.

Jack’s attention was diverted - he could never resist a drink.  “Please.”

Anne sensed Adam was suggesting moving the sex session on.  She felt sticky with her own body fluids, sweat, the gel and both men’s spunk.  “Hang on guys,” she said, “let’s all take a shower first.”

Three in a shower cubicle is a crush; laughing and joking they all got under the water soaped one another to emerge wet, clean and smiling.  When they were dry Jack and Anne returned to the bed.  Adam came back into the bedroom carrying a bottle of champagne.  Foam erupted from the open neck when he banged the bottom of the bottle, firing the cork at the ceiling.

Anne swigged the bubbling fluid from the open bottle then she handed the bottle back to Adam.  It was only when he said, “Lift your legs and open them,” that she understood what he intended.  She hesitated, I’ve enjoyed everything he’s done up to now, she thought as she lay back and did as he asked.  She raised her legs high over her body, until she was bent like a hairpin and could feel her ankles against her ears.

Adam began to pour the wine.  Almost immediately she began to come as the bubbles gently popped, like butterfly kisses against the walls of her vagina.  “You first old chap.”  She heard Adam say.

She exploded in a fusillade of orgasms as Jack greedily lapped the wine from her full cunt.  The ecstasy was so intense she had to fight the impulse to scream when Adam refilled her cunt.  The popping bubbles boosted her level of arousal before she felt the touch of his lips and tongue when he took his turn to lap at her hot lover’s cup.  She felt his tongue curling around inside her then the suction as he drew the warm wine from her gaping cunt.  

It was when he shifted the focus of his attention and began to nibble at the hard bud of her inflamed clitoris that she exploded.  “No!  No more!”  She shrieked.

When Adam responded by lifting his head from her she lost control.  Clawing at his head she tangled her fingers in his hair and pulled him back to her cunt screaming.  “Eat me out don’t fucking stop …  Adam please don’t stop.”  Still grasping his hair she ground his face into her pubic bone, blindly trying to drag his mouth back to her clitoris.  She was moving with her hips, literally masturbating herself against his face.  The man between her legs was no longer a person, Adam had lost his name he had been reduced in her mind to being no more than the source of her orgasm, and she wanted each orgasm to be bigger and better than the preceding one.

Jack watched open mouthed – not even in his wildest dreams had he thought of Anne as the sexual aggressor.  He felt uncomfortable lying on the bed, watching her, right next to him fighting like a tigress for her orgasm – in truth he felt as if he had released the genie from the bottle and was afraid he would be unable to get it back in to the bottle.

Anne like a mythical heroine continued on her quest for some ultimate orgasm.  Without relinquishing her hold on Adam’s hair she turned so that he was on his back and she now straddled his face.  Suddenly in her head was the most brilliant of lights a massive Roman Candle spewing a river of multi-colored star-bursts and she slumped forward over Adam’s body.  For a while they both lay there then she rose up rolled off him.

Neither Jack nor Anne was prepared for the havoc she had wrought.  Adam’s hair was tousled and disheveled, his face reddened from the friction of her sex rubbing against it and he was gasping for breath.  “Oh Adam I’m sorry.”  Anne wailed.

Adam laughed.  “Did you enjoy it babe?”

“Yes … I suppose I did.”

“Why be sorry?  If you enjoyed it that’s fine.”  Adam said with the same nonchalance as he’d said,  ‘You first to Jack’.

“But I might have hurt you.”

“You didn’t and you enjoyed yourself that’s all that counts.  Don’t be so repressed.”

“I’ve never seen anything like it.  Anne went mad, she was like a crazy woman.”  Jack said.

 “It felt like I’d gone crazy.  At that moment I’d have done anything to come.  I was already coming but I knew there was a higher orgasm and I had to get there.  The frightening thing is that I had lost control I did not care what I did.”

“Hey ease up on yourself.”  Adam said,  “The important question is did you enjoy it?”

Adam did not need to hear Anne’s answer - her eyes were sparkling “Yes it was fantastic.”

“Maybe that’s all that counts.”

“It’s not natural, not for a woman.”  Jack’s face was dark and brooding.

“Jack old chap, its as natural for a woman as it is for a man.  Its sex.”  Adam said with all his earlier bonhomie.

“It sucks.  And you don’t come like that for me.”  Jack said to Anne.

“Slow down and she will.  Pleasing a woman is an art, you have to learn how to do it.  We might be born with the instincts to reproduce, but we have to learn the art of lovemaking.”

“You do it, you know how.  Why don’t I?”

“I’ve spent years reading books and experimenting.  Jack if you don’t mind me saying so your problem is that you want to hurry everything.”

“What do you mean?”

“Oh Jack all the time I heard Adam saying slow down.  You were really quite good except when you got rough.”

“I thought you liked it a bit rough.”

“I also like you to take your time.  If only you would sort of dawdle over those things that turn me on, with you it always seems to be a race against the clock.  You diddle my bits then plunge your fingers in followed by your cock.”

“I still don’t get it.”

“Do you want to get it?”  Adam interjected.

“Of course.”

“Right let’s start with lesson one.  Anne lie back and relax.  Jack try kissing Anne’s leg, starting at her feet and working your way up ever so slowly.  Watch her, feel the vibrations of her body, see if you can tell when she comes.  When you get to the top don’t touch her, do the same to the other leg.”

Anne lay back resigned to another of Jack’s inexpert fumbling.  She was angry with Adam - why did he have to spoil what had been so nice.  Occasionally she heard Adam admonish Jack saying softly, “take your time man, you have got all the time in the world.”

She had decided that she was not going to get aroused.  Despite her decision when his mouth reached her thigh and was within inches of her sex … she felt a wave of anger when his mouth suddenly lifted, although moments later to begin kissing the foot of the other leg.  Inside she was raging.  As he slowly inched his way up the leg she could feel an orgasm building.

She felt like a model or a specimen.  Adam seemed to be manipulating her.  Who was he to predict that she would come?  Slowly kissing, sucking, biting lightly Jack inched his way once more towards her sex.  As Jack’s mouth clamped over her sex she was vaguely aware of Adam saying, “play with her, use your tongue on her clit.”

Suddenly she was coming.  So copious were the fluids flowing from her that initially Jack thought she had wet herself, then he realized what he had achieved.  He knew that he had done it.  He had really made her come.  He could feel her hands on the back of his head.

Anne felt a warm glow.  She needed to be at the center of both men’s attention.  She held a hand out to Adam pointed to her mouth.  Obligingly he straddled her head, she opened her mouth, pursed her lips and slid them slowly and sensuously over the head of his erect cock gently rolling back his foreskin.

She could taste his sweet saltiness.  She swirled her tongue around his engorged glans savoring the taste and the feel.  With her tongue using only the sense of feel she embarked upon a voyage of exploration, delicately she traced the ridge and the cleft between his rolled back foreskin and his cock head.  She tongued the pulsating oval eye at the tip of his cock.  Drawing him into her mouth she detected the gnarled patterns of the veins that patterned and added texture to his cockstem.

Suddenly Adam drove his hard cock into her mouth, she was panicking.  How was she meant to breath? – How could she say stop? – Would she throw up?  Almost instinctively she swallowed and his cock slithered into her throat.  -  She was gagging and unable to throw up.  She realized that her mouth, her throat, her head were all totally subordinate to Adam’s desires, the realization of being subordinate made her want to surrender.  Not only was she coming, but also she wanted him to fuck her throat until it was sore.  She hoped that Jack did not abandon her pussy.

She felt totally abandoned and wicked.  Jack’s tongue lapped, licked and energetically lashed her clitoris.  She could feel his fingers exploring and kneading her puffy labia.  Adam’s cock was plunging in and out of her like a pile-driver, she recalled some story she’d heard, (she could not remember where or when), about a woman who had a clitoris in her throat.

Suddenly she was empty – a void unfilled.  Adam had pulled out of her.  She was about to protest when he came.  Globules of spunk spurted over her face some landing saltily in her open mouth.  Wads blocked her nostrils.  Some trickled stickily hot across her cheeks.  Her eyes stung and her eyelids were gummed closed.

In a trice Adam and Jack had changed places.  She used her hands to pull Jack deep into her, to plug her gagging gaping throat.  She needed to feel his cock-head tickling her tonsils to feel his balls squish as they hit her spunk covered nose.  Adam’s spunk was drying, she could feel that it had become brittle and hard like a face-pack, as it flaked off it tugged at her skin.  She had to swallow hard, gulping fast when Jack shot his equally potent wad into the back of her throat.  In a moment of passing panic she felt as if she was drowning as she fought to clear her throat and breathe once again.

She could tell that the lessons were taking effect.  When Jack withdrew his soft cock he lay there holding her come-bathed head as Adam pleasured her with his tongue.  This time when she said, “no more,” it was the end.
