 Well, I was on my knees in front of the first guy on the bench in the locker room where I had come on Saturday morning to give blowjobs to the football team as a reward for winning the game after I had promised to do that when they were getting killed and there was only like ten minutes left in the game and Marcy, who is one of the cheerleaders like me, suggested that if I promised a bunch of blowjobs it would inspire the guys to try harder. Everyone was really surprised by how well they all suddenly started to play after my boyfriend, Alex, who is the quarterback, went back to the huddle and told all the guys, and people were even more surprised when they actually made this great comeback and won, especially me. 

Alex tried to talk me into going back on my word but that is against my principles so there I was in my mini skirt and jersey and high heels and wearing lipstick, looking up at Howard who is very big and kind of fat and he was all red in the face from embarrassment at being the first guy on the bench, trying to get himself ready to have a blowjob in front of nineteen of his buddies. The guys had decided that the whole team was just too many guys for me so they had decided I would only have to give blowjobs to the seniors, and there were twenty of them. 

“Hi, Howard,” I said, softly, looking into Howard’s eyes and not at his smallish dick which was lying kind of half hard and half limp against his pants. 

“Hi, Elle,” Howard said. His face was all tight and serious.

“Mmmmmm, I hope he isn’t too worried about this,” I said, looking down. “Maybe if he has a kiss he will feel stronger,” and I put my lips on Howard’s dick and kissed it. Then I gave it a long lick.

The other guys had grown quiet again. They guys nearest me were sitting and bending over to get a good look and the guys toward the end of bench were standing up to look. Howard’s dick got a little bigger and a lot harder as I kissed it and licked it. It was still only about five inches long at most, kind of a silly dick for a guy as big Howard I thought, but I would never have said that to him and hurt his feelings so I just sighed and opened my mouth and then I was going up and down on Howard’s dick while everyone watched me in total silence. Howard came in about fifteen seconds. For a guy with a little dick, he was an excellent spurter and he had a lot to spurt. My mouth filled up with his hot cum and even though I swallowed a lot of it a lot more spilled out of my mouth and ran down my chin and got all over my jersey. 

All of a sudden, the guys started yelping and laughing and saying all kinds of obscene things. I don’t even want to repeat what a few of them said but I will a little bit because I want this to be an accurate report of what happened. 

The next guy on the bench was David Barnes who is a very nice boy who sits next to me in psychology. We always kid around a little bit and share notes and I know he has a crush on me. He even told me once that he hoped he would get girl like me someday but he is not very handsome, plus he is quiet most of the time, and so he doesn’t have any girlfriend at all. I had known of course that he was next and I had been kind of embarrassed to even look at him but now I did.

“Hi, Dave.”

“Hi, Elle. Ready to suck me off?” 

David’s face was red and his eyes were like watery and he wasn’t breathing right. I could hardly believe he had said that to me, but he was obviously very horny to have a blowjob from me. His cock was out and it was totally hard and pretty big, to be honest. It impressed me that Dave would have a big hard cock like that. I didn’t know what to say so I didn’t say anything. I just shifted myself over on the cushion and opened my mouth and lowered my head. While I was sucking his cock, Dave grabbed my head with both hands and pumped me up and down. I stopped moving on my own head and let him do it for me. I was starting to like doing this. I could feel myself getting hotter. My nipples were tingling too much so I rubbed them while Dave made my head go up and down and all the time I was licking and sucking and sucking and licking. There was cum on my jersey from Howard that I felt while I was rubbing my nipples and it dawned on me that I had made a big mistake in not bringing some extra clothes. At this rate, I was going to be totally covered with cum by time I got through and then I would have to go all the way home in these same clothes. What a dumb bell! 

I decided that I would try to swallow as much cum as I could and not get too much more on my clothes if I could help it but Dave had a different idea. When he felt himself cuming, he pulled out of my mouth. I knew what he was going to do. I could have ducked or something but I did what he wanted. I just lifted my face and closed my eyes. It was like being in a hot rain. The cum spurted all over my face. It got in my nose and I had my mouth open so a lot went in there of course and some of it even got under my eyelids and there was cum dripping down my cheeks and my chin and just like everywhere!

“Phew,” I said, as I wiped my face and licked my lips.

There were two limp cocks behind me now and eighteen hard ones to go. I could hardly wait for the next one. I was as hot for their cocks now as the cocks were for me. Boy, was I ever being a slut, but I didn’t care. Plus, I was being faithful to my promise so I couldn’t be criticized too much. I don’t even remember who the next guy was right now. They started to blur into each other. There were a few standouts, naturally, and the guy who really got to me was Luke Tatum. Luke was sitting pretty far up the bench and when you would glance up that way you would look past like an army of hard cocks, all of them a little different from the others and some of them more different and the most different of all was Luke’s. It took a person’s breath away. It was the biggest and fiercest looking one there with a big red head and this thick purple vein that went down it in a crooked way, like one of the big rivers you see on a map. I was like at least twenty feet away from Luke when I first noticed him and I could see his cock so clearly and I know he saw me taking peeks at that time and also as I moved up the line of guys, giving them blowjobs and thinking about when I would get to Luke. Before I got to Luke, I got to Alex who is in about the middle of the row. I had just finished sucking off Peter Daniels who has a pretty big one and he given me another hot cum bath and I was wiping myself with this towel one of the guys had given me that was already soaked from all the use I had been giving it. I wondered what Alex would do. I knew he was hurt and mad at me. I was even surprised he had come. But his cock was out just like the others.

“Suck it bitch,” Alex said.

“All right,” I said.

“The guys want to fuck you, you know. I think I will let them fuck you when you finish sucking them off, bitch.”

I tried to keep my temper. “I didn’t agree to that, Alex.”

“I don’t give a fuck what you agreed to. You’re a slut. You’re just a fucking slut.”

Until that morning I had only given five blowjobs in my whole life, one of them to this boy I met at camp and four of them to Alex. I knew I liked giving them. I liked it more than I should, I thought, and so I didn’t let myself do it as much as I wanted to. I don’t know why I am like that but I am. Now I looked at Alex’s cock which was really hard even though he was mad at me and I thought there was only one way to calm Alex down, so I bent over his cock and opened my mouth and down I went. I heard Alex gasp and pretty soon he wasn’t swearing at me anymore or threatening to have guys fuck me. He was just moaning and sighing and having his big cock sucked. Then Alex came in my mouth and for once I managed to swallow all of it or almost all of it and not get any cum on my face or my clothes except for a little bit that dribbled onto me. 

“Maybe you feel better now,” I said, softly, as I watched Alex leaning back with his eyes closed, still panting but gradually getting his breath back. He didn’t say anything, so I moved on to the next boy. 

Luke was like two or three boys away now and he was constantly on my mind. I know it wasn’t fair to be thinking about Luke’s cock when I was giving blowjobs to these other boys. It wasn’t their fault that their cocks weren’t as big or fierce looking as Luke’s and couldn’t make a person’s heart pound the way his could. I tried to think about them while I sucked their cocks but my mind kept drifting back to Luke and I would think about him watching me and waiting for me the way I was waiting for him. Then, finally, I shifted myself with my cushion, which was also sticky with cum by now, and I looked up at Luke’s face.

“Hi, Luke,” I said.

“Look at it,” Luke said.

I looked at his cock. It was a few inches in front of my face. It was something!

“I…I have been looking at it,” I said.

“Yeah, you have. You’re dying to suck it.”

“No, I’m not,” I lied.

“Take off your jersey. It looks stupid with cum all over it. I want to see your tits.”

Other guys had yelled at me to take off my clothes. They had yelled all sorts of things. They had called me a “whore” and a “hot bitch” and a “crazy cocksucker” and a “dumb cunt” and I don’t know what else and they had told me they were going to fuck me whether I wanted them to or not and that they would wait for me after school and rape me whenever they felt like it. They were saying all kinds of things to make themselves feel superior even though I was being nice enough to give them all blow jobs. Of course, they were doing it because they are guys and guys like to talk that way so I didn’t take it too seriously, but I had decided to keep all my clothes on because I didn’t want them to think they actually could fuck me so I had ignored all their requests that I take off my jersey. 

“All right,” I said, and I pulled up my jersey and it went over my breasts and over my head and then I dropped it on the floor and I just knelt in front of Luke while he looked at my tits and all they other guys craned their necks to look to.

“Ok,” Luke said.

I wasn’t sure what he meant. “Can I suck him now?,” I asked.

“Yeah.”

I opened my mouth real wide this time. I was in heaven. I fell totally in love with Luke’s cock as I sucked it and licked it and kissed it. I sucked it very slow and then a little faster and then slow again, then faster, then real fast, then real slow, and I used my tongue a lot. I was getting really good at cocksucking. I felt glad that I had a lot of experience at it before getting to Luke. I didn’t want him to cum to fast. I wanted to keep on sucking him and I thought I was going to cum just from doing that, but Luke did cum and did he ever. The first spurt like shot me backwards it was so powerful and I guess I like stared in surprise with my eyes wide open as Luke shot out his second long spurt and totally soaked my face with it. I even had big globs of cum in my hair. It took me a couple of minutes to recover. I sort of slumped on the floor, panting and moaning as if I were the one who had just had a giant orgasm, while the guys all hooted and laughed at me. Some of the guys I had already given blow jobs too said they were getting hard again and wanted seconds. Well, I didn’t know about that. I still had some guys left waiting for their firsts. And the last of these guys was Homer, the only black boy on the team and the only black boy in our school, as a matter of fact. Alex had told me before I got there that if I wanted to be a slut and suck off the team that was up to me but that he would never speak to me again if I sucked off Homer. I got mad at Alex for that and told him not to be prejudiced. It is even against the law to discriminate, I reminded him.

Anyway, I finally did get to Homer, the last guy on the bench. He didn’t have his cock out. He looked at me with a kind smile.

“Hi, Homer, you don’t seem to be ready for a blowjob,” I said.

“Elle, stop it. You are finished, now get the fuck out of here,” Alex yelled. He came over and stood above me, glaring.

I decided to ignore Alex.

“Are you on the football team, Homer?”

“Yes, I am, Elle,” Homer said.

“In fact, aren’t you the guy who scored the winning touchdown?”

“Yes,” Homer said.

“Well, you deserve a blowjob as much as anyone else on the team, even more, in my opinion. Don’t you want a blowjob, Homer?”

“I would like one, Elle, but I don’t want you to get in trouble because of me.”

“Mmmmm, I like getting into trouble, Homer,” I said, and I reached for his fly and pulled down his zipper and pulled out Homer’s cock. It was big and black and getting harder by the second. I put my head down. I heard Alex stomp away. My head started going up and down. I gave Homer a nice blow job and a long one too because Homer didn’t cum right away. I sucked and I licked and I would take his cock out of my mouth and hold it in my hand while I kissed it and licked it and I sucked his balls, too, and then my mouth was going fast again, taking his whole cock inside practically and then Homer finally did cum and he spurted inside my mouth and all over my face and then I was done keeping my promise to the team.

When I stood up, guys started yelling for me not to go. They wanted more sex. But I was pooped. I could hardly open my mouth I was so tired from all that fun work. I would have liked to be screwed, I can’t deny it. I was tempted to just lie down and let them take turns fucking me, I wasn’t too pooped for that! However, I thought that would have been wrong and I really would be a slut if I just let them fuck me and after the way Alex had treated me I wasn’t going to let him take me some place and fuck me.

“Sorry, guys, a promise is a promise is a promise, but it’s not what you are talking about now. Anyway, I have choir practice pretty soon so I need to go home and get washed up.”

And that is what I did.