 This is my first crack at a joint collaboration. Many thanks to 'Sandra' and her husband for supplying the ideas, comments suggestions and for helping with my spelling and grammar.

* * * * *

I didn't realise it at the time but what I am about to disclose to you was a life defining moment. A moment that I constantly refer to, a moment that defines who I am and what I do. Fundamentally it has deeply affected my sexuality and therefore all my serious adult relationships, not always beneficially. I'm not sure the two ladies and the gentleman involved really knew the long-term impact that their actions would have on the four young lads they 'de-flowered'.

I was 18 and on my gap year prior to University. I was going to study European language and Business at Durham University and I got a place on a summer camp teaching English to Spanish students in return for free lodgings and intensive Spanish lessons in the evenings. The language centre was based at a private English School just outside Playa de las Américas in Tenerife, which is an island in the Canaries. The Canaries, although Spanish, are heavily populated by the English and Germans. Las Américas is the worst, bad taste, English based tourist resort you can imagine. Fish and Chips everywhere, with pubs showing 'Only Fools and Horses' or 'Monty Python' or those used to 'Northern' humour 'Roy Chubby Brown'. By 2 am, the Las Américas is full of extremely pissed English men and women showing the worst sides of English excess.

Fortunately the arrangement I had with the Languages school meant that I had very little chance of experiencing the excesses of Las Américas. Monday to Friday I taught all day from 9 am to 5 pm and then from 6 pm to 10 pm I had extensive, exhaustive Spanish lessons. These were taught by two ladies, Sandra and Carla. Sandra was a brunette with a well toned body and lovely pert breasts. Carla was blonde, with a classic model's body, small breasts and little in the way of fat.

There were three other 'teachers' with me. We were all English and all just over 18. We soon built up a rapport with our Spanish teachers. We would have our lessons in the staff common room of the English School. Sandra specialised in grammar, while Carla focused on pronunciation and vocabulary. They taught together and the classes were always lively with a lot of banter.

During the first few days, the four of us started to notice the figures of the Sandra and Carla, although at first they dressed and acted quite professional. In hindsight I suppose they were preparing us for our initiation. We commented how fit they both were considering they were both almost 15 years older than us. We also all clocked onto the fact that they were married by the rings on their fingers.

During the second week Carla started wearing these amazing low tops. I swear blind she was forever finding an excuse to kneel down to pick up things from the floor or lean over one of us lads so that we could deliberately get an 'eye full'. Wow, she had great breasts. After the lessons we all commented on Carla's breasts but I don't really think any of us imagined for one minute what she and Sandra were building up to.

One hot and memorable night Sandra was obviously not wearing a bra. She was wearing a very tight white t-shirt that was almost see-through. Her nipples were amazingly erect and all of us were constantly staring at her tits! She made out as if she didn't notice us leering at her breasts but I'm damn sure she was loving it, and so was I. I had to cross my legs at one point to hide my stiff cock and when I looked around completely embarrassed, all the other lads were also crossing their legs! Was that just co-incidence? No, I don't think so. One of the lads swore blind that when Sandra bent down to pick something up off the floor he saw a moist patch seeping through her knickers!

So over the weeks there was a deliberate build up of sexual tension and innuendo but it was so subtly done by Sandra and Carla that none of us was sure of their intentions. Were they consciously teasing us or were we imagining it? Either way, we all commented to each other how completely hot they both were.

The night of our 'initiation' began as usual in the Staff common room. The four of us were sitting in leather arm chairs with Sandra and Carla standing by the flip boards. It was a typical Tenerife evening, stifling hot with little wind or air. All the lads were in shorts and T-shirts and for tonight our teachers were in bikini tops and shorts. This was not that unusual by now as we were well used to them both showing some flesh and it was extremely warm.

The lesson began normally with Sandra demonstrating past tense. We had our normal break at 7:30 pm, and at 7:45 we assembled back on our leather arm chairs as normal. Sandra and Carla arrived giggling and giving each other slightly nervous looks.

"OK, boys, Carla and I have been observing you four for the past 5 weeks and we've decided that you need some additional lessons; not in Spanish but in the art of ..." and as Sandra said this both she and Carla removed their shorts to reveal the skimpiest of thongs, just a triangle covering their pussies with a string at the back, basically. As the four of us dropped our jaws to the floor, Carla finished the sentence "...sex".

We just sat there. I looked around at the others and they were just staring at Sandra and Carla. We were all speechless. I began to get instantly aroused, with my cock beginning to get erect very quickly. I was also immediately and completely petrified. I had never actually fucked a woman at this point. Sure, I had experienced the odd teenage fumble but I was still technically a virgin.

Sandra gave us a sexy smile. "We would like to teach you how to please a woman. We understand that some of you may not be comfortable with what we're proposing so if you want to leave, please leave now and we'll all pretend this never happened." 

We all sat firmly fixed in out leather armchairs. "Great, we thought you'd like some extra tutoring" giggled Carla.

"Now, don't be nervous. Just follow our instructions. We'll show you what to do. First, I think it's time you boys showed us what you have for us, since we've been admiring your packages for the last few weeks'' Sandra seductively whispered. 

All four of us looked at each other. This was more than a bit embarrassing, especially as I was now showing a very erect penis. Luckily I was not alone! We all slowly took off our trousers and pants. The two teachers were clearly impressed with what they saw. "Well I have to say you're all very well endowed young men, bigger than my husband" commented Carla. 

"Yeah, bigger than my husband's cock, too!" Sandra added. Again with hindsight I'm certain they had been sizing us all up before hand, as we all had cocks in excess of six inches in length.

"OK, our first lesson tonight is in oral sex. Can anyone tell me what oral sex is?" asked Sandra. 

Pete, a lad from Newcastle, replied, "It's when couples use their mouth against a partner's genitalia."

"Well, that's a very clinical way to put it, but you're right" responded Carla.

"Now has any of you indulged in oral sex?" asked Sandra. There were a few mutterings but Sandra took this as a universal 'no'. "In that case, Carla is going to demonstrate the art on 'fellatio' for you all."

As Sandra said this, Carla came first to me and grabbed my cock. She pulled my foreskin down. Sandra was standing back and began her commentary as Carla started working on my now throbbing cock.

"The real sensitive part of the cock is the cock head. The key art of fellatio is to stimulate vaginal fucking. As you can see, Carla has started by pulling back Bob's foreskin to expose the cock head. This is so Bob can get full pleasure. Carla's mouth has now swallowed Bob's entire shaft. As you can see she is now simulating how a man fucks a woman, pumping Bob's cock with her mouth."

This was my first real sexual experience and although I could feel the other three lads' eyes boring into Carla and me, I knew it wouldn't be long before I came.

"Bob, you shouldn't just sit there. You should respond to what Carla is doing to your cock. Let her know how it feels, how lovely it is. This will help Carla to feel good about her love making skills and to make her feel more aroused and relaxed. Try to vocalise what you're feeling, and try to get Carla physically aroused also" instructed Sandra.

As I heard this I reached a hand down and felt, for the first time, a damp wet pussy through the bikini material. Carla gave a muffled slow moan in response, which vibrated against my cock. That was just too much and I gave a cry "Oh fuck" as my cock began to spasm. 

"Bob is about to cum, which is nice for Bob. But it's polite to warn your partner since some women don't like to taste semen. Fortunately for Bob, Carla loves spunk, don't you?"

Carla removed her mouth from my cock and started to wank me.

"Oh yes I love spunk. You know, the taste of a man's sperm varies from day to day depending on his diet" she informed the class as she pumped my cock hard with her hand and flicked my cock head with her tongue. 

This was just too much too soon and I gave a very deep moan before shooting my spunk into Carla's face.

"Thank you Bob, that was lovely", whispered Carla as she licked up my spunk as it trickled down her face. 

"Now there is another method of stimulating fucking that doesn't involve the mouth, or anus. Any suggestions?" asked Carla as she made her way over to Sandra.

"Well none of you seems to know the answer, so I'll give you a clue" and as she said the word 'clue' Carla removed Sandra's bikini top revealing to the class Sandra's fully exposed breasts.

"Sandra is going to demonstrate with John's help the art of 'Titty Fucking'. First of all please note that just like the vagina, a woman's breasts are incredibly sensitive and especially at the beginning of 'foreplay'. That's what we call the build up to intercourse. A woman loves her whole breasts to be carefully squeezed and cupped. However the nipples are especially sensitive, and stroking, nibbling, even biting will turn a woman on tremendously."

As Carla was saying all this, Sandra was lowering her breasts so that John's cock was between them. She then cupped both breasts together and started to move them up and down the shaft. On the odd occasion Sandra would lick or suck the tip of John's cock shaft.

"John, you should try and help Sandra get aroused as well, just like Bob did with me. Try feeling Sandra's pussy through her thong."

John was a bit more adventurous than me and pulled the material of the thong to one side and clumsily felt Sandra's pussy. He didn't do this for long as he quickly shouted "I'm going cum very soon."

"Good boy" replied Carla as John shot his hot sticky cum all over Sandra's breasts.

"Rub your spunk into Sandra's breasts. Rub the spunk into her nipples. Does that feel good for the both of you?" Carla enquired. They both gave an affirmative moan as Sandra gave John a deep French kiss and then stood back.

"OK thanks John, that was lovely darling. With more practice you'll be a complete stud. So we have now learned some ways a woman can please a man. But if you want to be a hit with the chicas you need to know how to please a woman. Now if Carla wouldn't mind removing her thong..."

Carla removed her thong and then sat on the table top with her legs wide open exposing her cunt lips for all to see. There were murmurs of excitement from all of us. Carla then started to rub her fingers against her clit lips.

First Carla was stroking her clit gently and then she was flicking her clit lips harder with her fingers. Sandra pointed this out as Carla continued playing with herself. Sandra then asked Peter to put his right hand near Carla's pussy. Carla then guided Peter's hand to her pussy and Peter slowly started to tentatively rub Carla's clit lips. 

"The pussy is always very sensitive to start with, so try to be very gentle at first" Carla commented.

After a few minutes Carla was beginning to moan and Sandra told Peter to kneel down in front of Carla's pussy and to stroke her clit lips with his tongue. 

"Start slowly at first and then start sucking and flicking your tongue against her clit" instructed Sandra.

The fourth lad, Bill, had been left out and was starting to wank his cock, while staring at Peter pleasuring Carla's pussy with his tongue. Sandra saw this and quietly asked Bill if he'd liked to go over to Carla. 

Bill nodded a 'yes' and walked over to her. She grabbed Bill's cock and started slowly, seductively, licking it.

At this point Sandra quickly disappeared to the corner cupboard. She grabbed a towel from her bag and as she walked away from the cupboard I saw a hand, not hers, playfully spank her ass! We were being watched!!

Sandra laid the towel on the ground and then asked me to lie on the floor, offering me a cushion from one of the chairs as support. 

"Are you a virgin?" she asked. I nodded. "Don't worry, big boy, you won't be for long" and she gave me a quick kiss. 

Sandra then climbed on top of me. She playfully rubbed my cock against her dripping wet pussy. "Can you feel how wet I am?" I tried to reply but the words wouldn't come out so I just grunted. 

"Never try to fuck a woman unless she's nicely wet. Otherwise it will be painful for both of you. A woman's pussy juices are normally all the lubricant you will need." As she said this she pushed herself onto my cock.

It felt weird at first, my cock encased in a wet cunt for the first time. Sandra was slowly riding my cock. "Suck my tits" she urged as she leaned forward. I happily did as she said.

I could hear a moan coming from next to us and I saw Bill shooting his spunk all over Carla's breasts. Carla then greedily cleaned up Bill with her mouth. Pete, who up to this point had been licking Carla's pussy, then swapped places with Bill. Sandra, although riding my cock, was still able to give instructions to Pete, and Bill started to feel Carla's pussy lips with his fingers at first and then progressed with his tongue.

Sandra was enjoying fucking me, I could tell from her moans. She started to squeeze her cunt muscles against my cock and increased the rhythm of her fucking. This was just too much for me. 

"Sorry Sandra, I'm about to cum." 

"Don't worry my love, just let it happen" she breathed as she increased her fucks. I cried out and Carla and the other two lads turned round to see what was going on, and then went back to what they were doing.

After I had finished, I got up and Sandra instructed John to lie down on the towel. John had a real monster and Sandra obviously couldn't wait to feed that giant cock into her now soaking wet cunt. Sandra gave a deep audible moan as she squeezed John's thick cock into her cunt 

"John, are you a virgin?" she asked. Again, John nodded yes. 

"Well I've never fucked a cock as long and thick as yours! You're going to be a very popular young man." With that, Sandra began to grind her cunt against his cock.

At this point Pete spurted his cock all over Carla's breasts again and then began to massage his cum into her stiff nipples. Carla was really moaning loudly now and Bill was frantically swiping his tongue over her clit lips. Carla visibly began to twitch and I worked out that she must have been having an orgasm.

John was now busy rubbing Sandra's clit as she started to pound his cock. 

"Can you feel me squeezing your cock John?" John could only respond with a low audible moan, and Sandra increased the speed of her thrusts. 

"John, pinch my nipples please darling." As he did this Sandra gave a loud squeal of delight and started to moan deeply, 

"Oh you're very good honey, very fucking gooood" she whispered as she bounced heavily on his cock. It was all too much for John, and Sandra knew it. 

"Cum deep in me darling, let me feel you spurt your cum inside me" she seductively commanded. John grunted and twitched and filled her belly with hot sticky cum.

The temperature in the room had risen quite dramatically with all this unexpected action going on. You could tell by the breathing of our two teachers that they were both exceptionally turned on. All the lads sat back down in their chairs, with all our initial inhibitions gone. 

"OK boys, don't think you're finished for the evening just yet" laughed Carla. 

"We are now going to demonstrate how to fuck doggy style." As Carla said this, both she and Sandra sat on their knees with their asses exposed and their hands stretched out in front of them. 

"Now, I need one of you to stand behind Sandra and another behind me. The other two should get in front of us."

Bill and Pete, who had not yet fucked either Sandra or Carla, made a bee-line for our teachers' rear ends. However, Sandra had turned round so that her head was opposite Carla's ass. They obviously wanted to see each other get fucked 'close-up'.

I went and stood in front of Sandra and John positioned himself in front of Carla. Almost immediately both Sandra and Carla gave out sighs of pleasure, 

"Oh fuck, you're a very large boy Pete" Carla cooed as Pete slid his cock into her cunt. 

"Ohhhhh yes" groaned Sandra "Bill has a nice long cock, don't you darling?" All Bill and Pete's frustration of not having a fuck was now being taken out on Sandra and Carla's cunts. John and I lost no time in pushing our cocks into Sandra and Carla's mouths. For a few minutes all you could hear was the grunts of the four blokes, the squishing of the cocks pounding into our teachers' sopping wet cunts and the slopping of the ladies' mouths around our cocks. Pete started to moan loudly and it was obvious he was stuffing Carla's cunt with hot creamy cum. 

"Well done Pete! Was that your first time?" Carla asked. He nodded. "Well, you were fantastic" she purred.

Then all of a sudden a naked figure appeared out of the cupboard. It was a male of about 35-40. 

"Excuse me, boys" he said as he bent down in front of Sandra. "I see you've got your mouth full at the moment, honey, but may I join in?" Sandra pulled away from my cock for a moment, as Bill continued to pound on her cunt.

"Well, I'm not done with my students yet, dear. But maybe you'd like to have some fun with Carla. She's always wondered what it would be like to fuck my husband." 

I could see the other three guys also stopping for a moment in disbelief. This guy with an erection was Sandra's husband!!

Carla plopped John's cock out of her mouth for a moment and said "I've always wanted to see if your cock is as good as Sandra says it is. Get over here and fuck my brains out while your wife fucks her young studs."

The husband didn't waste any time and he simply moved to where Pete was standing earlier. Carla was still in the doggy position, now busy once again sucking John's cock. 

"Now then boys, you may have slightly bigger cocks than me but I have something you don't have... and that's experience. Now watch how a master performs." And with that the husband thrust his cock deep into Carla. Carla gave out a muffled moan.

Sandra was obviously enjoying her husband fuck her friend and started moaning loudly. 

"Go on lad, fuck my wife harder, really give it to her, while I fuck her friend," urged the husband. Bill increased his strokes and started banging her harder.

The husband was pulling his cock almost right out of Carla's cunt and then ramming back in harder and harder with each stroke. He then grabbed hold of Carla's breasts and began pinching her nipples. 

"Look lad," the husband called over to Bill, "Pinch my wife's nipples like I am doing to Carla's, Sandra just loves that." 

Bill started doing this immediately and the effect on Sandra was spontaneous. She started writhing around and screaming while my cock was in her mouth. This was all too much for me and I shouted out that I was coming. 
