 There is a point in one's life when they come to realize that it is always worth it to pay the extra for your own hotel room. I, or should I say we, came to that decision a few years ago on a ski trip to Mont Tremblant, Quebec. A shared chalet with kitchen was half the price of a standard hotel room. My partner Karen thought it would be safe with three couples staying there, how long could a long weekend be?

We were horribly, horribly wrong. Upon our arrival we were confronted with gear and backpacks strewn across the living room floor and my two friends sprawled out on the couch playing video games over a coffee table packed with wires, beer, chips, joints and snack cakes.

"Umm, gents where are the girls?"

"Didn't you get my text?" Keith mumbled without averting his gaze from the screen.

"No, why?" A look of terror darted across Karen's eyes.

"Suzie dumped Eric and there was no way Tina was going to drive for six hours up into the mountains with two guys to sit around a chalet for a long weekend. I suspect she actually ditched us to go out with Suzie tonight."

"Not a good sign Keith."

"I know, I know."

"Since you two have taken up camp in the living room, where is our bedroom?"

"Well that be the other thing, this chalet is more of loft."

"Which means?"

"Well there really isn't a bedroom, just that attic thingy. We didn't bother to take a look."

Karen and I gazed up the set of stairs leading to a second stage with a big skylight. "It's ours then."

"We figured as much. Seeing that it has a separate bathroom."

"Good to see that you boys are at least partially house broken."

I brought the bags upstairs while Karen stood by the doorway, boots still on. Not a good sign, even though she was playing nice to steal some chips from the boys. It was a beautiful loft and the skylight was already full of moonlight reflecting off of the mountains. The fireplace had been replaced by an electrical unit but it still had a charm that was only missing a white fur rug and a mini bar.

"Its quite nice up here Karen," I called down.

"I'll see it later, we have to go pick up supplies before the liquor store closes."

"No need, this is Quebec, the deps stay open all night."

Her voice dropped, "Don't you want to pick up some those nice only in Quebec micro brews that you are always talking about?"

"Smashing idea, lets do it and stop in for a nice hot chocolate on the way back."

It didn't take two steps off the front porch before I knew something definitely was up. Karen was not in for a guys' weekend at the chalet. No matter how nice the loft was, we were not staying.

Perhaps it was the mountain air, or maybe the Christmas lights but after two rounds of chocolat chaud, the atmosphere lightened. She drew closer in the cold night and we shared a big thick woollen blanket on the cafe patio. Karen placed her hands between my thighs and lent her head on my shoulder. "It is too late to drive anywhere, let's stay for one night and figure things out in the morning."

When we got back, the chips were gone and so were the boys. Judging by the smell they must have smoked up and headed out for food. Upstairs in our loft, we switched on the fireplace, threw extra blankets on the bed and opened the skylight for a little fresh air. The extra sugar ( and rum ) in our drinks made it hard to sleep, so we both lay in bed facing the electric fire roll and roll and watched the moon drift across the night sky through the skylight.

Late into the night, the two boys came home and it was obvious they were not alone. It was a loud and clumsy foursome that struggled to open beers and search for more joints. There was some talk then quiet odd noises. Karen grabbed her phone and crept up to the loft's railing to take a picture.

"Throw another log on our fire while you are at it hon," I whispered.

"Do it yourself."

It only took a second and Karen darted back to the bed and jumped under the covers. She giggled.

"What?"

"Oh my god. I am not going to say a word."

"Really? That usually means your are going to say lots. Start spilling."

"Everybody is almost naked down there and one of the girl's is going down on both of your friends."

"At the same time?"

"No silly."

"Did you take a picture?"

"I couldn't, the guys were looking up."

Just in case Karen needed authentication, there came two loud groans back to back.

"Oh god, oh god. I am going back to look."

"Enjoy." She was already out of the bed, taking with her most of the blankets.

It had been a long time since Karen and I had been intimate and there was no way I was going over there to watch other people getting it on. So I returned to moonwatching but the sounds were becoming harder and harder to ignore. After five minutes Karen came into bed and curled up beside me. I slowly came to realize that she was bottomless and her hand gently traced the lines of my stomach, circling closer and closer to my already hard cock. "So what's going on down there?"

"A lot, the boys are going at it with a really thin pale girl and there is another dark haired girl with purple underwear watching the whole thing."

"Waiting for the right moment?"

"Don't know, perhaps it is because you friends have really small dicks, nothing like yours lover." She grabbed me and ran her fingers down towards the base of my cock. We rolled into each other and started kissing. Her lips smelled like cherry blossoms and reminded me of our first kiss so many years ago.

My hand stopped half way up her leg and Karen tensed up, one of the loft stairs had made a sound. We looked to see who was coming up the stairs. It was a brunette, with dark hair and a round face, her bright red lips stood out in the moonlight. She neared the fireplace warming her self. The shadows twisted as her full body turned from the glow of the fire to the moonlight. Karen's legs loosed up and she turned a little to watch our visitor. 

The stranger's sensual curves of her belly led up to her bra which expertly created the perfect plunge of cleavage. She lent over to warm her hands and then ran them along her legs and backside. She must have known she had a captive audience at this point. The sound of skin on skin sent tingles across the back of my neck.

So lost was I in her voluminous curves that I failed to notice her near the edge of our bed. Karen sat up and gravitated towards her. Her fingers reached to the stranger's face and started tracing along her jaw. They then moved across her lips which never moved, then down her chin and neck until a sole finger slowly dove between her breasts. The traced out both lines of the V.

The figure lifted her two hands and ran them under Karen's nightshirt slowly lifting it. She explored under her breasts and along her rib cage and just as it looked as if she was about to lift the night shirt over Karen's head, she let it fall back down. Instead she gently grabbed the back of Karen's head and drew it into her bra. With one hand still pressing the back of Karen's head, she use the other to draw the bra straps off of her shoulders. 

Karen needed no guidance and began to explore with her lips. In the moonlight I could see goosebumps form and then watched as Karen used the heat of her breath to coax them away. In the same way she teased the nipples. Letting them rise and fall, circling her tongue around the aureola and then touching the very edge of the nipple with her lips. The two women drew in closer and Karen took her time to slowly edge down the dark haired woman's panties. Our visitor exhaled an approval.

Taking the invitation, Karen pushed away for a second and slid off her own top, then drew the woman near, rubbing her stomach across the woman's sex. She pulled away then drew closer again, repeating the motion. After a few more times, their two bodies began to move in concert, the stranger was close and her hands began to lock in on Karen's hips and pull them up against hers.

Karen pressed her thumb in the woman's lips and she began to suck on it. Giving way to Karen's pressure, she leaned her head back. She drew the thumb in closer and then breaking free, Karen's other hand reached down to the head of my cock and drew up my precum. She drew the finger across her lips and then pressed them into the woman's. The two exchanged kisses and began to alternately stroke me. 

Karen reached over and guided my head over to her. At first I went for her breasts but she pushed me down, rotating us all onto the bed. Without looking I tried to arrange the blankets so that everyone was covered. Karen continued to push my head down until it was between her legs. She then drew in the stranger so that her sex once again rubbed across Karen's belly. 

The two of them locked lips and I was surrounded by the smell of their sexes. I indulged myself in Karen until she got too close and started to crush my head with her thighs. Under the blankets I soon became dizzy from the lack of oxygen but there was no sweeter way to die than this, so I continued. 

Karen sensing my weakened state, guided me on to my back with her legs and then slid down to mount me. It took everything with my power not to explode when she drew me in. Our visitor moved in, running her breasts across my face and chest, then settling with her sex on my lips. It tasted like fresh rain water and I plunged my tongue in and out of her as Karen moved up and and down in near rhythm.

On the up strokes, Karen began to shudder wildly, there was new sensation, something pressing up against the ridge of my cock and it flicked back and forth. The stranger was darting her tongue along Karen's clitoris as she rode me. A sound came up from inside Karen's chest that I had never heard before and her body became heavy, her pace slowed down and my cock warmed. 

The stranger sat up and began to ride my mouth. Karen leaned forward and brought her mouth down. I adjusted until our chins met and each of our tongues took a different half of the woman's open vagina. My tongue strained to press inside of her, with every pulse she rammed harder into my face. Our bodies burned like fire but the stranger's thighs remained cool against my cheeks. The fullness of her legs pulsed as she moved back and forth between our tongues. Karen grabbed my hands and interlaced our fingers, locked in her grip and pressed her body into mine and her face into the stranger's sex. 

Karen tightened up around my cock and surrendered to her orgasm. With that we all fell in succession and I could feel both of their bodies let go. The stranger faded away first and Karen manoeuvred us on to our sides, drawing the duvets around us as we rolled over. 

I don't know what time our third left, and to be honest I didn't even remember her name. What I do remember was that ever so perfect moment of Karen and myself lying completely spent, entirely entwined in duvets, skin blurring into one enveloped in that sweet smelling bed. The thought of it now many years on, still makes my blood rush.

In the morning we said our goodbyes, unlocked our wallets and sprung for a place with a real fireplace in Montreal and feasted on red wine, foie gras and game meat.