 "You guys care for another drink?" Marc asked, as always the perfect host.

Dave knew he could ask for anything he wanted; Marc's wet bar was famous for holding a wider selection of booze than many bars. He also knew from experience that his headache would be terrible the next morning if he got carried away. "Thanks, Marc, I think I'll have another Rum and Coke." He'd stick with the drink they had started the night with.

"Yeah, Rum and Coke will be fine," Julie followed his lead. "Just take it easy on the rum, okay?" She had had two of them after they had gone to the movies together and had other plans for the night than getting blasted and passing out.

Whenever Julie was in Marc's apartment, her eyes were immediately drawn to the wide panorama window of the living room. The view of the river in front of the apartment house and the ocean of light on the other side never failed to put her in a romantic mood.

"Quite a view, isn't it?" Marc had walked up to her and softly kissed her neck from behind.

"Magnificent!" She pushed back against him and felt the bulge of his hardening dick pressing into the small of her back. Just as she had expected. "You know, Marc, one day I'll talk you into letting me move in with you," she said jokingly.

"And then you'll stand on the balcony all day long and stare across the river," Dave predicted, knowing that in reality Julie was way too independent to move in with anybody.

Julie chuckled and seemed lost in thought for a moment. "No, I don't think so. I'm sure Marc would sneak up to me pretty soon and do things to me decent couples don't do on the balcony."

All three of them had a good laugh at that. As if to confirm what she had just said, Marc wrapped his arms around her and massaged her breasts through her blouse.

"See what I mean?" Julie laughed.

"I'd do a lot more to you than just play with your tits, darling," Marc said softly and kissed her left ear. He felt her hard nipples through the thin material of her blouse and smiled. "I'll go and pour our drinks. Make yourself at home."

Dave wasn't the least bit surprised to see Julie walk out onto the balcony right after Marc released her. He wanted to go after her but stopped when he heard Marc whisper his name. He turned his head and saw him pointing at the open door to the balcony and making little pushing movements with his hands. Dave grinned mischievously when he understood what he wanted. He closed the door silently and sat down on the couch facing the window, waiting for Marc to bring their drinks.

"Now the view is twice as nice, isn't it?" he asked and sat down three glasses on the coffee table.

"Sure is," Dave agreed without taking his eyes off Julie's backside. "What a body that girl has. And she's pretty smart, too. If I were you, I'd take her up on her offer to move in with you."

Marc turned the armchair around so it faced the window and sat down. "She won't. She's just kidding. Julie needs a lot of personal space. She couldn't stand having somebody close by 24/7." He took a sip from his drink and looked at her standing on the balcony. "You can play with her, but you can't lock her in."

"Ain't that the truth," Dave sighed.

Julie was leaning on the railing, following a small boat with her eyes as it made its way down the river and disappeared around a bend. Then her gaze wandered aimlessly along the nightly skyline and finally settled down on the little park eight floors below her.

Although it was almost midnight, she saw many people strolling along the pathways or sitting on the lawn. Julie paid particular attention to the couples. Friends or lovers? Would they spend the night together or go their separate ways?

The ringing of her cellular phone drew her out of her reverie. Who would be calling her at this time of night, she wondered idly as she wrestled the phone from the back pocket of her tight jeans and flipped the cover open. "Hello night owl, you're too late! I already have a date."

"I know."

Julie was perplexed for a second, then burst out laughing when she recognized the voice. "Marc! Why the heck are you--"

"Your drink is waiting," he reminded her softly. "But you'll have to be a nice girl and do as I tell you if you want it."

"I'm always a nice girl," she purred into the phone. She tore her eyes off the couple she had been following around the park and took a step towards the door. "Hey, the door has fallen shut. Let me in, will you?"

"It hasn't fallen shut, Julie darling, we closed it. And now you need to convince us that you'll be nice enough to let you back in."

Julie knew that Marc was prone to playing games, but couldn't quite figure out yet what he was driving at. "Hmmm, and how would I do that?"

"Promise you'll let us do anything we want to do with you."

"Sure, that's what I'm here for."

"Promise!"

"Okay, I promise."

"You promise what?"

Julie was getting impatient. "Did you have too much to drink tonight? I promise to let you do anything you want to do with me. Now let me in!"

"I'm not quite convinced yet," the voice from the phone said teasingly. "Unbutton your blouse."

"That's all?" Julie laughed. Her hand went to the top button and unbuttoned it. Then the next one, and the next one, until she reached the waistband of her jeans.

"No, that's not all, but it's a start. You forgot a couple of buttons, I think."

Julie pulled at the front of her blouse and unbuttoned the part that had been tugged into her jeans. "There you are," she grinned at her friends through the window. "What's next?"

"Show us how hard your nipples are."

Now that's easy, she thought. She pulled her blouse open and pushed her chest out until her nipples almost touched the glass. "See? They're hard. What about your dicks? Are they hard?"

"Julie, my darling, I know your nipples can get harder than that. I've seen them before, remember? I think you need to work on them a little."

"Why don't you let me in and work on them yourself?" But she knew he wouldn't. The game wasn't over yet. She brought her free hand up and lightly rubbed her palm over one nipple, then the other. They responded instantly and got fully erect. "Better now?"

"Good enough for now. Now--"

"Hey, what about your dicks? Are they hard?"

"Who cares?"

"I care! Why should I work so hard to get back in if you're not in a position to do anything with me?" She watched through the window as the men looked at each other, then burst out laughing. Gotcha! she thought.

She couldn't hear what Marc and Dave discussed, but the results spoke for themselves. Marc set the phone down on the coffee table, then both of them pulled their tee-shirts over their heads and tossed them aside. They kicked their shoes off, climbed out of their jeans, and turned to face the window, displaying the bulges in their boxer shorts.

Julie waited until Marc had picked up the phone again. "That proves nothing," she said in mock frustration. "Could be a hard dick causing that bulge. Could be a banana. Could be--"

"It's a hard dick." Marc's voice was unmistakably laced with lust now.

"Prove it!"

"Take my word for it. If you want to see more, you take your jeans off first."

Just what she had expected. She shrugged out of her blouse and let it fall to the floor, then unbuckled her belt, popped the button open and pulled the zipper down. Pushing her tight jeans down with only one hand turned out to be impossible, though. Careful not to break the connection, she sat the phone down on the floor, kicked her pumps off and started working on her jeans.

Inch by inch she slid the tight material down her long, well-tanned legs. She thought briefly about pushing her panties down along with them, but decided not to. Better use them as a bargaining chip later on.

When she had finally fought her way out of her jeans, she dropped them on the floor, turned around and presented her backside to the guys in the living room. Her tiny panties, barely more than a thong, hid little more than the crack of her ass. She reached down to pick her phone up without bending her knees and pushed her ass cheeks against the glass.

Nothing but a low, static hum on the phone. Julie smiled. Had she really left them speechless with her little show? Then they'd be in trouble. She wiggled her ass from side to side a couple of times and bent over again, sliding her free hand along her left leg all the way down to her ankle. Then back up until she stood upright again.

"Hey guys," she chirped into the phone, "you still there?"

Marc's groan probably meant Yes, but she couldn't be sure. When she turned around, she saw them standing halfway between the couch and the window, still staring at where her ass had been a few seconds earlier.

"Okay, boys, now I'm really curious if those bulges in your boxer shorts are really your dicks. Down with them!"

Marc and Dave were too excited to resist. They pushed their shorts down simultaneously, their relief visible on their faces when their hard dicks finally sprang free.

Julie gave them her brightest smile. "Good! Now let me in!"

Marc shook off his daze and sat down in his armchair again. "Are your panties wet?" he asked, obviously not yet willing to admit defeat.

Tough guy, she thought and reached between her legs theatrically to feel the crotch of her panties. "A bit damp, but not wet," she reported matter-of-factly.

"Then you're not yet ready to be let in. Why don't you masturbate a little?"

"Because I don't want to walk home in wet panties, that's why!"

"You won't have to," Marc chuckled mischievously. "Now rub your pussy a little and when the wet spot in your panties is at least the size of a quarter, we're ready to move on to the next step."

Julie tried frantically to think of something she could make them do in return, but came up blank. They were already stark naked. They certainly wouldn't touch each other. She didn't want them to stroke themselves and climax accidentally.

Realizing she was all out of options, she shrugged lightly and spread her legs a little. Her right hand slipped under the waistband of her panties and started to move in little circles around her clit.

"Hey, keep your hand where we can see it!" Marc instructed her immediately.

She pulled her hand out of her panties reluctantly and rubbed her pussy through the thin material, which had become noticeably damper. She knew the appearance of the Wet Spot wasn't far away. She glanced into the living room and was alarmed when she saw Mark and Dave stroking their dicks. "Hey guys, keep you hands off your dicks!"

"Why? If you can stroke yourself, we can stroke ourselves."

"No, you can not! I can come a dozen times in a row if I have to, but you can't! Hands off your dicks! Now!"

Marc and Dave stared at her in frustration, but stopped stroking themselves. "Satisfied? Now hurry up!"

Julie knew they were so hot for her pussy now they could barely stand it. Unfortunately, she was not in a position to take advantage of the situation since she was just as hot for their dicks. She rubbed her crotch vigorously. When she felt the first tinges of a powerful orgasm setting in, she stepped back and leaned against the railing of the balcony for support.

Her hand slipped back into her panties and centered in on her engorged clit. As soon as her middle finger touched it, a wave of pleasure raced through her pelvis and sent her over the edge. "Yeah! I'm coming!" she screamed into the phone, then remembered where she was and lowered her voice. "I'm . . . Wow!"

The men watched intently as her entire body jerked uncontrollably and listened to her half-suppressed screams of pleasure on the phone. Although the pressure in their groins was almost unbearable, neither one of them dared touch his dick for fear he would explode instantly.

Julie came off her high slowly and finally pulled her hand out of her panties. The size of a quarter? she giggled. The wet spot was as big as her hand now. "Jeez, that was a good one," she panted into the phone, still laboring to get her breathing under control.

"Take your panties off!" Marc ordered, in a hurry now to bring the game to an end.

"Want to see the wet spot first? I think it's bigger than a quarter now," she teased.

"No, just take them off."

"Hey, I worked hard to make that spot!" Julie protested as she spread her legs wide and pushed her hips forward. "I insist you look at it."

Somehow Marc found the strength to get up. He walked to the window and looked at her wet crotch. "Great! Now take them off."

Julie took one glance at Marc's dick, standing up proudly, almost touching the glass, and complied eagerly.

"You sure you don't want to wear them on the way home?" Marc asked when she held them up playfully for another inspection.

"They're all wet. I can't wear them like that."

"Fine, then throw them down into the street. Maybe somebody else has a use for them."

"What?" Julie hadn't anticipated something like that. Damn!

"If you don't want them, throw them away. I won't have soiled panties lying around in my apartment."

"Your mother coming to visit?" she teased.

"No, my . . . Dammit, Julie, make up your mind! My dick is so hard it hurts." 

Julie flashed him another smile and tossed her panties over the railing. Positive that the game was over, she closed the lid and let the phone drop on top of her jeans.

Marc finally opened the door and embraced her violently as soon as she stepped in. Only seconds after their lips met and their tongues began to dance around each other, she felt Dave's dick in the small of her back and his lips on her neck.

With two hard dicks rubbing against her bare skin, Julie's lust flared up quickly. She grabbed Marc's ass cheeks and pulled him closer, squeezing his erection between their bellies and swaying slightly from side to side.

"Careful, baby, don't make me come!" Marc warned her. Before she could come up with another smartass reply, he turned and half guided, half dragged her to the armchair. Julie followed eagerly, sat down and draped her legs over the armrests.

Marc groaned at the sight of her wet and swollen pussy lips and engorged clit. He dropped down on his knees, bent over, and plunged his tongue into her.

"No more foreplay!" Julie commanded and pushed his head away from her pussy. "Fuck me!"

Standing a few feet away from the armchair, his eyes glued to her crotch, Dave stroked his dick leisurely. It was hard as a rock and would have stayed that way even without his manual stimulation, but he couldn't help it. The sight of Julie spreading her legs as wide as she could and literally screaming to get fucked aroused him in the extreme. Yet he knew he had to wait his turn. He didn't mind; the important thing was that he'd have her again.

He watched Marc drive his dick into her hard and fast, yelping with each stroke and eliciting a scream of please from her whenever their pelvic bones collided. Her arms were hanging limply over the armrests, her head swayed from side to side, and she allowed Marc to take complete control.

"I'm coming!" Marc croaked and accelerated to a furious pace, then collapsed forward while his dick squirted spurt after spurt of cum into her pussy.

Julie came at the same time and screamed unintelligibly. Unable to keep her legs up any longer, she let them slide down along the armrests until her feet landed on the floor. She wrapped her arms around Marc and kissed him briefly before he found the strength to pull his spent dick out of her pussy and moved aside to make room for his friend.

Dave wasted no time. He knelt down in front of her, pushed her legs back over the armrests and guided his dick to her pussy. Marc's cum was oozing out of her already and added to the puddle of her own juices under her ass. "Ready?" he asked gently, trying to keep the urgency out of his voice and succeeding only partially.

Julie gripped his waist with her feet and pulled him in without saying a word. He thrust his hips forward and buried his dick to the hilt. Her pussy muscles enveloped him tightly, still quivering from her orgasm that hadn't completely subsided yet. Dave fucked her with long and fast strokes, hoping he would be able to bring her off again before he shot his load.

He was, barely. Just when the first jet of cum shot out of his dick, Julie let out an earsplitting scream and wrapped her legs around him, holding him like a vise. Her violent orgasm made her pussy muscles clamp down on his dick erratically, milking every drop of cum out of him.

When the jerks of their hips grew weaker and their orgasms subsided, Dave withdrew his flaccid dick and collapsed on the floor a few feet away. Julie's hips were hanging over the edge of the armchair, her legs still as wide apart as Dave had left them. She took her time before she finally opened her eyes and looked around for Marc.

"Encore?" he asked her, making it sound like a challenge. His dick was fully erect again.

"Any time!" She slid out of the armchair, turned around, and rested her arms on the seat.

"You're incredible, absolutely incredible." Marc admired her slender hips and tiny waist while he knelt down behind her. A mixture of pussy juice and cum had already made its way halfway down her thighs.

"Incredibly horny, you mean?" She pushed her ass out and wiggled it at him. "Damn right I am!"

Marc stuck his index finger into her pussy and twisted it around briefly. When he pulled it back, it was glistening with their combined fuck juices. He spread her ass cheeks apart with his other hand and slowly pushed his lubricated finger against her asshole. It slid in easily, giving testimony of Julie's anal experience.

She spread her legs wider apart to allow easier access and stuck her ass out even farther. "Come on!"

Although his dick was still moist from their previous encounter, he rubbed it along her soaking pussy lips and spread her juices around until they coated the entire length of his dick. Then he smeared more pussy juice on her asshole with his fingers. Satisfied that the lubrication was taken care of, he placed the tip of his dick against her asshole and pushed gently.

"Yeah!" she screamed. "Deeper! Give me all of it!"

Two thrusts later, Marc had completely buried his dick in her asshole and his pubic hair was grazing her ass cheeks. He resisted the urge to start fucking her immediately and gave her a moment to relax, savoring the exquisite pressure of her sphincter around his dick.

Julie pushed her ass back at him as soon as she was getting comfortable. He took his cue and pulled his dick out until only the tip was still buried in her, then shoved it all the way back in. After a few thrusts, he settled into a steady rhythm, which Julie matched exactly, pushing her ass back whenever he lunged forward.

Meanwhile, Dave had regained his composure and was stroking his dick, bringing it back to life. His own anal experience being rather limited, he watched Julie's ass intently and was fascinated with the sight of Marc's dick moving in and out of it. 

Julie looked up at him briefly and seemed to pant something like "Come here," but he couldn't be sure, with all the incoherent noise both lovers were making. Nonetheless, he walked over to the armchair and offered her his dick to suck on.

That was not what Julie had had in mind, though. She lifted her upper body off the armchair and leaned back into Marc, almost throwing him off balance. Realizing what she wanted him to do, he wrapped his arms around her and let himself sink backwards.

Dave just stared at the incredible sight in front of him. Marc flat on his back, Julie on top of him, his dick still buried deep in her asshole. The girl lifted her head briefly, smiled at him, and spread her legs wide, affording him an even better view.

Seeing her pussy gaping open and her asshole stretched tightly around Marc's dick was like a magnet too powerful to resist. He crouched down above her hips, careful not to touch Marc's legs, and maneuvered his dick around until it finally slipped into her pussy.
