 LET THE GAMES BEGIN!

CHAPTER 1

Tom knew that he couldn't last much longer. The inevitable release of his semen was about to happen. After all, he had been sucking and fucking Julie for over two hours now and he desperately wanted release.

He told her so.

She replied; it was the first words that had emanated from her lips for the last ten minutes or so as she had encountered one huge orgasm after another. They seemed to start just after one had catapulted her into ecstasy and, as such, all that Tom had heard were guttural sounds like 'aagh!' and 'ugh!' 

"If you are going to cum," she grunted, "then cum like a porn star!"

"Eh?" he stopped his thrusting for a second.

"You heard me, cum like a fucking porn star!"

He knew what she meant but this was a first time for both of them. Tom quickly got his cock back into extra speed as he hammered her pussy as hard as he could and, seconds later, screamed that the imminent arrival of sperm was about to explode.

Julie smiled, knowing that she had been well, and truly, fucked and that she was about to get her reward with hot, and sticky, cock juice.

"Pull out," she demanded, "cum all over my stockings you bastard!"

That was more than Tom could handle and he duly plopped out of her achingly wet pussy and did as she wanted. His right hand immediately caressed his cock and he wasted no time in wanking himself in front of her adoring eyes. "Cum on my stockings," were the last words that Tom heard before stream, after sticky stream, of hot semen blasted from his body. His first aim wasn't too good as it flared up high in the air and splattered Julie's stomach and tits. The initial burst over, Tom then guided his impressive fuck-toy down towards Julie's black stockings. 

A huge glob of cum came jerking out of him and saturated Julie's inner left thigh. Another jerk of his hand saw more of his grey semen soak her left thigh, then there were more, and more, jerks that left his body and landed on Julie's shaved cunt and tummy.

Tom had his eyes closed in ecstasy as he finished his wanking over Julie's ravished body. He didn't see her cup up his cum that he had blasted onto her body and massage the salty treat onto her fantastic tits.

"Come here lover," she cooed as Tom, finally, ran out of fuck juice, "I really need you to do something for me."

"What's that?" said the panting man as he caressed his penis in front of her.

"I want you to suck my breasts."

Tom didn't hesitate and immediately flung himself forward onto the luscious orbs that were offered to him. He sucked eagerly at the first nipple that was offered to him and tasted his own cum that had been smeared on the soft mound that was held up to him.

"You bitch!" he managed to say before he moved onto her next breast to continue tasting himself. "You are a beautiful, gorgeous bitch!"

"You are quite fucking hot as well, now finish cleaning my tits but leave the stockings messy. Who knows? I might need you to clean them later?" she added with a wink as Tom devoured each breast of his cum, and then moved on greedily to the salty flavour that had been caressed into her hugely erect nipples.

Indeed, it was her nipples that Tom loved so much. Her tits weren't the biggest that he had sucked and fondled but they were perfectly formed...and the nipples? Well, they were just to die for. Aroused, they popped out to the size of Tom's pinkie nail. He knew, he had measured them! And sensitive? Julie could even orgasm with just having her breasts sucked and man-handled.

As Tom was enjoying this after-sex buffet he heard his phone ring; sitting up from his tit sucking he took a quick glance at his watch, "Shit!" he exclaimed.

"What is it?"

"It's Paul and Shirley; they were going to give me a lift into town to pick up my car from the garage, oh fuck!"

"Don't worry my lovely fuck-buddy, go and get your car and then..."

"Then what?"

"Well, let's just say that I won't be removing these stockings until you get back and then you get to remove them."

"How?" Tom said with a lascivious look.

""Your choice," Julie said in her sexiest voice, "you can either use your teeth or..."

"Or?" Tom asked in anticipation.

"Or," she continued, "you can use that lovely big prick you have to slip under the suspender belt and force everything down my legs until I am ready to be fucked again. Sounds good?

Tom merely answered with a wicked grin and a nod before adding, "Julie you are such a fantastic fuck-buddy but even I could fall in love with you!"

"Get off me and pick up your car," she said venomously, "and besides," she went on to say in a softer tone as she involuntarily kneaded her breasts and hyper-sensitive nipples which caused a low moan of pleasure to emanate from her ruby-red lips, "I want more of you inside me, asap as they say." This was accompanied with the most suggestive wink that Tom had ever seen. He felt a response in his cock and was sorely tempted to carry on with another fucking but, he also knew that he could come back to the sensuous mouth, pussy, ass and tits later on and, the sooner he went, the sooner he would be inside her mouth and cunt. Not her ass, he reminded himself, as Julie had told him that Big Bert had been up there two nights ago and she was still tender from the biggest butt-fuck that she had ever had.

More of Bert later!

Tom hurriedly got dressed and, moments later, he opened Julie's bedroom door and went to depart. He couldn't resist the temptation to take a backwards glance and, what he saw, brought a huge grin to his face. He saw the gyrating body of his slim fuck-buddy as she massaged her sensitive clit and tits, bringing about yet another orgasm upon herself. Julie opened her eyes for a second, smiled at the departing Tom and mouthed the words, "don't be long, I need to fuck!"

Tom acknowledged with a nod and, before being tempted once more, raced out of the room.

He reached the road and started a gentle jog back to his flat, less than half a mile away, to where he had arranged for Paul to pick him up. As he jogged he glanced at his mobile and saw that he had one missed call. He knew who it was from and, still running, he replied. The call was answered within seconds. "Tom? Where the hell are you?"

"I'm on my way, I'll be there in two minutes." His voice unlaboured in spite of the gentle run that had developed into a sprint. True to his word, Tom turned the next corner and saw the familiar sight of Paul's car, its engine purring outside of Tom's apartment. 

"Get in!" Paul shouted as he ran down the passenger seat window. Tom gave a thank you thumbs up sign as he approached the car, recognising who the passenger was as he did. It didn't take much of a guess as he knew it would be Shirley, Paul's girlfriend. 

Paul's girlfriend had the most beautiful breasts that Tom had never seen. Still, that fact might change as the story progresses but they were big and she knew it. Tom had never hit on her simply because she was the girlfriend of his best pal but that didn't stop him fantasising about being getting able to get a fondle of, what must be, the biggest tits that he could have wished for.

"Hi Tom," she said seductively as he got into the back seat of the Buick, 'God you are hot!' Tom thought to himself as he eased himself into the rear seat but simply replied, "Hi Shirley, hi Paul. I can't thank you enough for the lift."

  "Think nothing of it buddy, Shirley and I were heading into town anyway, fancy some lunch?"

"Yeah, that would be..." the sentenced was cut short as Tom's phone rang out. "Sorry about this," he apologised as he looked at the screen in front of him and saw the call was from Linda, his other fuck-buddy. "I've got to take this call, is that ok?"

"Of course Tom," the tone of Shirley's voice still seemed suggestive, or was that just Tom's imagination?

"Linda?" he said as he pressed the answer button, "what a pleasure. How can I help?" he questioned her although he probably had a good idea as to what department that might lead to. For an answer he got a torrent of filthy language.

"Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, YES! Oh God YES! Fuck me harder. Oh shit, I'm cumming you big bastard, fuck me harder, make me cum!"

Tom was a little flustered in case Paul and Shirley could hear the sexual profanities so he politely spoke into the phone, "I'll just put you on hold for a moment." With that he pressed the 'hold' button but, he made a mistake, he pressed the 'speaker button instead. The car reverberated with the sound of Linda's voice.

"Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, YES! Oh God YES! Fuck me harder. Oh shit, I'm cumming you big bastard, fuck me harder, make me cum!"

Both Paul and Shirley's eyes popped as the listened to the voice on the other end of the phone. It was Paul that spoke first.

"That's one helluva ring-tone that you've got there Tom," he said with a huge grin on his face.

Shirley turned round and looked Tom straight in the eyes, an act that made Tom squirm a bit, part out of embarrassment, part out of trying to discretely trying to control the massive boner that had suddenly erected between his legs. Shirley glanced down and saw the front of Tom's trousers twitch. She smiled a lovely smile before she purred, "That wasn't a ring tone, was it Tom?"

What could he say?

"Was it?"

Tom squirmed again before answering, "No, it wasn't."

"Let's hear some more," she encouraged him and, to prove the point, she moved to allow Tom to get a better view of her impressive cleavage. She knew that her breasts were a turn on to men, and women, and she always made sure that they were on show, it excited her.

Tom glanced at her fantastic pair of melons before turning away, slightly embarrassed. After all, she was his best pal's girlfriend and he could never consider doing anything that might come between their friendship.

"Come on," Shirley encouraged him, "Let's hear that ring-tone again."

Paul jumped in with his support, "I'm all for that, play it again Sam!"

"He never actually said that..."

"Oh shut the fuck up and play it!"

Tom obliged and, immediately, the car was filled with Linda's voice. Actually it was filled with Linda's screaming, "Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, YES! Oh God YES! Fuck me harder. Oh shit, I'm cumming you big bastard, fuck me harder, make me cum! That's it, that's fucking it, oh Christ that's so fucking good! NOW"

The three people in the car heard Linda's orgasm or, to be fair, another orgasm. In fact, because she didn't live so far away, they could probably just have wound down the windows, stuck their heads outside and heard it over the sound of the engine.

As she started to calm down form her high Lind a finally managed to gasp into her phone, "Tom?"

"I'm here."

"Get the fuck over here right now!"

"Any reason?" he asked in an innocent voice.

Linda didn't waste any time in her reply, "Because I've got a fantastic cock up my cunt and I desperately want to suck you off at the same time!"

"On my way!" he spluttered into the mouthpiece and put his hand on Paul's shoulder as he ended the call. "Change of plan pal," he said as he squeezed his best friend's shoulder.

"Give me directions," was the response from, what Shirley thought, was a raspy answer.

As Tom did the obligatory pointing of, first left hand then the right, he couldn't help but notice that the two lovers in the front seats were glancing at each other. Somehow or another there seemed to be a common agreement between the two of them but, just for conformation, Tom spotted Shirley's hand stretched over to feel the increasing bulge in Paul's trousers. At the same time Paul felt Shirley's pussy. It was wet, as he hoped it would be. No, it wasn't wet, it was soaking! The pair shared an intimate glance and an almost unseen nod.

"Tom?" Shirley turned around again to their passenger, "Paul and I have..." she hesitated.

"Yes?" asked Tom although he already hoped that he knew the end of the sentence.

"Well it's like this," she went on to say and Tom couldn't help but notice that she was squirming on her seat as she continued, "well, Paul and I have talked about having a bit of naughty fun, if you k now what I mean?"

Tom's grin stretched from ear to ear, not only was he a moment away from getting a blow job from one of the best suckers in the world but, at last, he would be see those magnificent orbs in all their naked glory, even be able to suck and, if he was really lucky, fuck them!

"Care to join me?" he asked innocently, although not a trace of innocence showed in his lecherous look.

Once more Paul and Shirley shared a look and the decision was made. "YES!" they both shrieked.

"Then turns left here, Paul, and take the second left."

"And we're there?" Shirley asked excitedly.

"Yep, let the games begin!"

As they sat in the car outside Linda's house all three of them took a deep breath before Tom was the first to speak. "Her we are then, ok about this?"

"Tom?"

"Yes Paul?"

"Do me a favour."

"What is it buddy?"

"Just lean forward and feel Shirley's pussy."

"What?"

"You heard me, just lean forward and feel Shirley's pussy."

Tom looked at his best friend incredulously but didn't waste another second as he darted his left hand forward between the big-titted girl's legs. Shit! She was fucking saturated!

"Does that answer your question?" Paul asked as the smell of Shirley's sex saturated the car. "My God," Tom went on to say as he looked into Shirley's eyes, "You are so fucking wet!"

"I know," she answered with a wicked grin, "so can we please just go in to start fucking?"

The last word took Tom by shock, he had always assumed that Shirley was so demure, in spite of the fact that she loved to show off her two best points, but he had never heard her swear before. He gulped and opened the car door and, striding confidently towards the front door pausing, only once, to see if he was being followed. He was!

That look seemed to speed up his pace as he opened the unlocked door, as he knew it would have been, and bounded up the stairs towards the sound of pleasure being enjoyed in Linda's bedroom.

The sight that greeted him was so erotic. There was Linda, on all fours astride a massive cock and loving every minute of it as her fucking motion suggested. Tom's first words were, "Hi Bert," as he instantly recognised the massive prick that was giving Linda so much orgasmic pleasure.

"Hi Tom, what took you?" Bert grunted as Linda bounced down on him again only, this time, with a lot more vigour. Linda wasn't as svelte-like as Julie. She had what, in men's terms, could be described as the start of a beer belly but that was more than made up for by her big tits that loved to bounce and, as Tom took in the scene, he saw they were certainly bouncing now! 

Linda didn't settle for such niceties as a greeting. "Get the fuck over here and stick your big cock in my mouth!"

Tom didn't waste a second and, as he hurriedly pulled off his shoes and socks, he made his way to the far side if the bed where Linda's mouth was eagerly awaiting him. He undid his belt, unhooked the top button of his jeans and yanked them, along with his boxer shorts, to the floor just as Paul and Shirley entered the bedroom. Linda grabbed his now obvious erection and started to suck hard on it before stopping after a few seconds Tom looked down to see what the matter was and was greeted with the sight of Linda licking her lips, with a knowing smile on her face.

"Mm," she whispered, "do I detect the scent and taste of a certain Julie?" She didn't wait for the obvious answer and quickly popped the nine inches of Tom's fuck-pole back into her mouth and, piece by piece, started to deep-throat him.

He did finally, and with great effort of self-control, get to tell his cocksucker about their audience of two. "Linda?"

"Mm?" she muffled, her mouth full of cock, 

"These are two friends of mine, I hope you don't mind?"

Linda didn't let an inch of Tom leave her as she swivelled around to see what Tom had meant.

Then she had to I order to speak as, still wanking Tom's prick, she released him from her oral duties to say, "Hi, its Paul isn't it?" He nodded lustfully. "And Shirley, that's right?"

Shirley also nodded although she wasn't even looking at Linda. Instead she was gazing, admiringly, at what Linda was shafting in, and out, of her pussy. "What a cock!" she said without realising it.

To explain, Bert's cock wasn't the longest in the world. In fact you might say that it was average, about the six inches that everybody makes a joke about. What it did have was...girth. It was thick, so thick that when it was hard, as it most surely was now, it could be compared to a can of vegetables, a tin of beans to be more precise. Have you ever tried to suck, or fuck, a can of beans? It's not easy!

As the view of the can of beans, sliding in and out of Linda's pussy was watched by Shirley, she felt her panties getting wet. No, not wet, drenched. "Oh fuck, that looks good," she managed to say in a hoarse whisper. "Paul?" she turned round to her lover, "Up for it?"

"Too fucking true," he needed to say no more as the waft of Shirley's sex reached his nostrils.

"I really need to suck your cock, and now!"

They started to get undressed and Linda went back to being pleasured by the fucking monster between her legs and the long cock that she was determined to deep-throat! "Oh yes," she whimpered as her mouth and tongue tasted Tom and tried to make him harder than he even was. "Wait a minute," she said as she paused her fellacionic activity. She slurped on his cock once more, withdrew, and licked her lips. "Jesus Fucking Christ! That is Julie's cunt juice I'm tasting, isn't it?" she asked once more, this time rhetorically. "You dirty bastard, a lovely one, but still a bastard!"

"Don't waste time talking," Tom said for an answer as his hands grabbed the back of Linda's short hair and forced his cock deeper, and deeper, into the randy fuck-buddy.

By this time Paul had lain down on the bed with his head close to Linda's bouncing tits, enjoying the view, as he felt Shirley's familiar mouth take his cock and attempted to get all of him down to the back of her throat. When doing this she managed to take a sideway glance at what Linda had in her mouth. "You know what Paul?" she said as she momentarily popped Paul's erection from her mouth.

"What?" he groaned in frustration as she stopped her administrations for a moment.

"You could be twins, Tom and you."

"Eh?" just wanting his prick back into her soft, and moist, mouth.

"Your cocks look exactly the same!"

This time it was Linda's turn to look around and compare the cock that was in her mouth to the one that Shirley held at the base in order to prove her point. "You're right you know," as she also popped Tom out of her mouth and held him at the base so that both women could gaze admiringly at the two magnificent samples of manhood that each held. "This day is just getting better and better," she sighed, "eighteen inches of cock to look forward to. OMG, that thought is just making me wetter and wetter." With that, she turned around to speak to Bert, "Come on you fucker, ram me harder!" 

Bert increased the pace of the pounding that he was giving Linda and the whole room began to smell of sex as cunt juice began running out of two pussies at an increasing rate. 

Paul had stripped completely but Shirley had been so keen to start her cock-sucking that she still had her bra and matching thongs on. This hadn't gone unnoticed by Tom who was getting a great view of her gyrating ass as she as resumed her deep-throating. He just couldn't resist it; his right hand wandered over and started to fondle her cheeks with the tiny wisp of lace that was all that covered them as the thong had got embedded into her crack. The response he got was worth it as a groan of pleasure emanated from her cock filled mouth. Encouraged by the reaction to his caressing he deftly put a finger round the, by now, pointless piece of lingerie. Gently, he started to pull the string to one side and moved his finger further south feeling the increasing heat as he got closer, and closer, to her pussy. Then she gasped as his digit finally reached her sopping cunt and he playfully tickled her outer lips. With her mouth full of cock she couldn't utter anything coherent but her guttural grunts, and the thrusting of her ass against a new finger in her most sensitive spot, allowed Tom to easily enter her. One finger was quickly followed by two, then a third, as he started to finger-fuck her in earnest. Paul opened his eyelids that had been clenched shut in pleasure and looked down at his cock-sucker. The sight that he saw brought a huge grin to his face and he glanced up and over to his buddy and gave him an encouraging nod. "That's it Tom, give it to her!"
