 I hope that you might have enjoyed the first two chapters of this frolic. I have tried to write it in a male style but, if I've failed, then I hope that you can still have fun reading it! 

If you have jumped to this stage then you only have to know that, when the story restarts, there are six horny, and naked (apart from black, red and green stockings and suspenders), men and women drinking beer and wine with the three girl's mouths' especially dry after swallowing salty cum! 

Have fun!




"The games?" asked Bert, albeit acting innocently.

"Yep!" replied Linda, "and, as I have said before, these games will be very interesting, thanks to the filthy mind of our dear friend Shirley."

Paul looked at his girlfriend with wide open eyes and grinned, "This I want to be part of!" and winked at his sensual partner who had, until recently, hidden her slutty side.

In order to distract the loving glances that Shirley and Paul were giving each other, Tom asked the obvious question. "Ok," he started to say and even Paul and Shirley paid attention, "what's in the pots?" and, as he said this, he pointed to the aforementioned receptacles that were sitting on the table top.

"Right," said Julie in a businesslike fashion, "in pot number 1 we have our six names."

"Pot number 2?" Bert queried.

"The same," was the brief response.

Paul felt obliged to ask the next question, "pot number 3?"

"Ah," this time it was Shirley's turn to supply the answer, "In number 3 we have twelve pieces of paper; four with the number 1 written on them, four with the number 2 and another four with the number 3."

"Meaning?" he followed up his question with another one.

"1 minute, 2 minutes, 3 minutes."

"Meaning?" Paul repeated himself.

Shirley sighed and went onto further explain, "When your name is drawn out, you can then discover how long you get your fantasy to last."

"Now that sounds interesting," Tom added, "but how do you know what fantasy to play out?"

Shirley replied in an exasperated way, "You have an imagination haven't you?"

"Oh," the penny began to drop!

"Anything?" asked Bert.

"As kinky as your perverted minds can make it, but with one exception..."

"...and that is?"

"Nothing illegal."

"I can handle that," Bert interrupted, "but what about pot number 4?"

Linda smiled and tapped the side of her nose with her index finger before answering the question, "That is for our girls to know..."

"...and for you boys to find out!" Julie finished the sentence.

"Sorry to be boring," Tom started to say.

"Oh perish the thought," Shirley said sarcastically.

"Why two different pots with our names in them?"

"Two reasons," Shirley answered, "First and foremost we don't want someone's name coming out one after the other, say first and second. That would mean that person's input would be over too soon."

"And the other reason?"

Linda it was who answered, "After we have all had a go, we can have a break to have a drink or something."

"Thinking about your stomach again?" Bert asked cheekily.

"Enough you two," Shirley acted as referee, "Are you ready?"

Nods all round.

"Then let's go over to the couches and get started!"

The sextet swiftly left the table and went over towards the fireplace, which wasn't needed as the evening was quite balmy. The coffee table had been moved over and that had left a space in the middle that was decorated by a large woollen rug. Linda had brought over pots number 1 and three and placed them on the table.

The girls sat down on one couch, their exposed pussies already starting to leak. Looking across at them the men admired the flesh that sat, from left to right, in the shape of Julie, Shirley and Linda.

The women were also admiring the view as, also from left to right, three impressive cocks stood up in salute. Bert was in the middle flanked by Paul and Tom, whose identical looking pricks seemed to act as bookends to Bert's prodigious erection.

"Who goes first?" Bert asked.

"I think that it should be Linda to pick the first name. After all, it is her house." Julie suggested.

Linda stood up immediately and wiggled, suggestively, to the pots. She swivelled her hand inside and produced the first piece of paper and opened it up to reveal a name.

"The first choice of fantasy goes to..." She delayed the naming for a frustrating few seconds, "...is Tom!"

"Shit!" he swore softly before rising and going to the pot with the numbers in it. All the time his mind was racing as he tried to decide on which scenario he was going to choose.

"What's the number?" Shirley asked excitedly.

Tom unravelled the paper, "Fuck! It's a 1"

"Still," Shirley sympathised with him in an unsympathetic way, "That's still 60 seconds of fun, depending on what you want to do, or watch."

That last word that Shirley had said had made Tom's mind up and he returned to the couch and made a polite, theatrical, cough before announcing what the first fantasy of the night was going to be.

"Ok then, here we go," he said as his delectable ass sat down and his lovely cock bobbled as he did so. "I want to watch!"

"You do?" asked Julie inquisitively with a suggestive wink, "What do you want to watch?"

Tom took a deep breath as he realised what he was about to say, "I would really love to see you three girls play with yourselves!"

"You want us to wank in front of you?" 

"No, men wank; ladies masturbate or play with themselves! But yes, for 60 seconds, I want to watch you show off for us." As he said this he looked to his left and saw the grins on Paul and Bert's faces, "And I guess that I'm not the only one here who would enjoy the experience."

"Well," said Linda, "There is just one thing to do."

"Eh?" queried Tom.

"Ladies!" she announced, "Are we ready?"

"Ready!"

"Then let's spread our legs and give these boys a treat!"

With that Tom, plus Paul and Bert, were treated to the sight of three oval delights that were of man's desires. The sight was made even more luscious when the women put their hands around their thighs and pulled open their pussy lips to reveal even more of their excited state. All of the guys licked their lips as they watched the wanton women expose three sopping cunts, and they all noticed Linda's leakage as droplets of her juice left her fuck-hole and made its way down the crack of her ass.

"Fuck, I'm in heaven!" hollered Tom as he took in the scene.

Then Linda spoke as she grasped her phone that she had preset the timer on, "Let's wank!"

Immediately the women assaulted their wet pussies, one set of fingers frigging their clitorises, while their other hand inserted two, three or four fingers up their gaping cunts. The fingers attacking their tender erogenous buttons moved at a pace that was amazing to watch, and the sounds of the slurping friction was almost drowned out by the squeals of pleasure that came from their fuckable mouths.

"What a fucking sight!" Paul exclaimed as he viewed the lewd action taking in place in front of him.

Seconds later Julie screamed out, "I'm going to fucking cum!"

"So am I!" Shirley echoed her.

"Me too!" Linda announced loudly.

TING!

"Fuck!" 

"Fuck!"

"Fuck!"

The three women all complained as the timer went off.

"Shit!" breathed Linda huskily as she pulled her digits away from her pleasure button and pussy. The other two randy bitches, reluctantly, had to do likewise as the minute had come, and gone, all too fast. As they returned to the vertical position on the couch, all three of them had to sit on a small puddle of their own juices which they squirmed onto as they tried to maintain the height of ecstasy that they had almost achieved. 

Tom, Bert and Paul all applauded the show that they had been honoured to watch.

"What a fucking fantasy that was, thank you gals!" Tom said in an appreciative voice before adding, "Can we fuck now?"

Julie was the only one of the trio who had enough gumption, and breath, to answer, "No!"

It took a moment or so for the girls to return to normality and, as their bodily functions returned to a more stable state; it was Shirley who was next to speak. "Tom?"

"Yep?"

"It's your turn to pick a name."

He fairly flew of his couch, his cock bouncing up and down as he did so; a view that was not went unnoticed by the three hot, and horny, women on the opposite couch.

"Christ, I want to fuck that again," whispered Shirley.

"Sh!" was all that she could hear in response from both Linda and Julie who were both thinking the same thought as they leered at the beautiful rod that stuck out so prominently as it made its way towards the small table in front of the redundant fire.

Tom's hand went in and out of the receptacle and he flourished another piece of paper which he, slowly, opened.

"Who is it?" Paul asked huskily.

Tom took his time in unravelling the answer before he announced the winner, "Its Julie"

"Oh yes!" she hollered as she leapt up and went for the pot that contained the numbers. She picked on out and, excitedly, opened it up. She looked slightly disappointed at the result.

"What is it?" Shirley asked in concern.

"It could have been worse," Julie admitted, "It's a 2."

"A '2' is not bad, is it?" Linda asked.

"Nope," Julie sighed, "but for this I was hoping for a 3!"

"What is 'this'?" Paul had to ask as he continued to admire the perfectly shaped body in front of him. Shirley might have huge tits but Julie was a babe!

What she said next brought a gasp from all of them.

"I want to be rimmed," she answered in a saucy way.

"Wow!" shouted Bert, "Who's going to be the lucky guy?"

"...or woman?" Linda added.

"I want it to be..." Julie paused for a moment before repeating herself, "I want it to be...all of you!"

Even Linda was taken by surprise, "What the fuck! You want all of us to lick your ass?"

"Yep," Julie replied saucily, "But," she went on, "I don't want to know who is doing it."

"How the fuck...?" Tom started to ask her but Julie simply rose and went to the back of the couch, where they had all fucked earlier, and bent over revealing her glorious arse which she made even more seductive by using her hands to spread her ass cheeks wide, the brown hole available for all to see.

"I'm going to close my eyes and I want you to take turns at turning me on. If I have only got two minutes then that still leaves you with just over twenty seconds each to have a go. It is my fantasy, it maybe kinky but..."

"...it's not illegal!" Shirley finished the sentence as she admired the sexy butt that was being held open by Julie for them all to appreciate. Shirley had never even kissed a woman before but, here she was, about to lick a girl's ass! 'Fuck!' she thought to herself, 'what an evening!'

The five eager ass lickers, through the use of basic sign language and mime, arranged the order of the rimming and Linda announced, "Ok, we are ready."

"Thank fuck for that!" said Julie impatiently as she was still bent over the couch, displaying everything, but with no reward as yet.

"Keep your hands where they are, we can't use our hands in case you get a clue as to who is licking you, keep your ass completely open. I'm going to start the timer," Linda informed her, "but it will take five seconds before you feel a tongue, just in case it happens to be me."

"Press the fucking button!"

Five seconds later Tom started to lick Julie's brown hole. He wriggled his tongue around, and around, the outer muscles and he was rewarded with lustful groans from the owner of the dirty orifice that he was seducing.

"Oh fuck!" Julie moaned, "Keep on fucking doing that, oh fuck...!" was as far as she got before the first tongue was replaced by the second one. This oral organ was owned by Linda and, although she and Julie had shared many a sexy romp together, this was a new one even for them. Linda was determined to enjoy every minute of it, or at least twenty seconds or so, and she pressed her face hard into Julie's arse as her tongue explored as much of the butt-hole as she could.

She was quickly replaced by Bert who continued the assault on the puckered hole with gusto, bringing more saliva into the cocktail that was rapidly building up into a collection of frothy bubbles in the erotic opening. He slurped at the opening and he heard the joyful squeals from Julie as she thrust her ass backwards into his willing mouth.

"Oh, that's so fucking good!" Julie murmured before the third tongue was replaced by the fourth.

Shirley knelt, hesitantly, staring at the poop-hole that was presented for her by the willing hands of Julie inches before her, before she leant forward and gorged on the forbidden fruit. She stuck her tongue out but, instead of circling the delectable ass, she tried to enter Julie's arse in one go, and she almost succeeded. Julie's arse was so wet with the combined spit from her previous penetrators that Shirley's tongue managed to force its way past her sphincter and started to tickle her inner entry to her bowels.

Julie screamed in pleasure that was short lived as Shirley felt a tap on her shoulder and, reluctantly, had to retreat from the musky aroma that she tasted, and smelt, from the almost orgasmic Julie.

Paul then took his turn at pleasuring the dirty slut, her words not his, as she continued to writhe on the back of the couch. His hands were desperate to touch her but he knew that he couldn't, although the thought of breaking the 'rules' was so tempting. Instead he just tried to pleasure her as much as possible, his tongue teasing her tasty hole until the inevitable happened.

TING!

Paul drew away from the spittle-abused arse and took a moment to enjoy the view before joining the other four ass-lickers on the woollen rug.

Slowly, Julie started to stand up; her hands released their grip on her ass-cheeks and she gave a quiet fart which didn't go unnoticed by the others.

"I'm glad you didn't do that when I was licking you!" Linda said with a laugh.

""I'm sorry," Julie apologised immediately before thanking the five lickers. "That was fucking great guys, thank you!"

As she said this she squeezed her thighs and buttocks together, the first to increase the pleasure that she was feeling, the second to squelch out all the saliva that had mingled together around her arse-hole.

"God, that was fucking fantastic," she moaned as she turned around and showed off the front side of her beautifully balanced body, her boobs just more than a handful, topped with nipples that just screamed out to be sucked, and her slender waist that augmented her pubic area, pleasantly free of hair, that showed a trickle of cunt juice slyly seeping out of her pussy.

"What a fucking, slutty, sight!" Paul huskily whispered as he admired the woman in front of him, a sentiment that was echoed by Bert and Tom.

"Thank you," she answered and took a brief curtsy. "Can I ask one question though?"

"Go ahead."

"Who was number four?"

The five ass-lickers looked at each other before returning their gaze to the, still panting, owner of a messy butt-hole and shrugged their shoulders in unison as Linda spoke for them all, "I can't remember!"

"Besides," Shirley added, "It's your turn to pick out a name." As she said this, the three men returned to their couch, all the better to enjoy the view as Julie bent down over the small table and spent more time than was required to fish out the next piece of paper.

"Christ, what an ass!" Bert said in a stage whisper.

"...and she knows it!" Linda commented. "Come on, hurry up!"

Julie duly did the needful and took her place on the left of the couch next to Shirley and Linda and opened the parchment up, "It's Paul," she declared.

He stood up and made his way to the coffee table, all the time his rigid cock was being admired by the three girls and, as he bent down to find out what time limit he had, Julie just had to remark, "Nice butt too!"

"Good, I've got three minutes to..." he paused and leered over at Shirley and gave her a lewd wink. He knew that she had never been with a woman before, she had admitted as much in the past, but, only a few minutes earlier, he had watched her stick her tongue up Julie's arse.

"...to what?" Linda asked in exasperation.

He turned his head to look at the woman who had just spoken and answered her, "To see you and Shirley having sex in a 69 position!"

Shirley gasped as he spoke those words and even began to blush which, considering the state of undress between them, and the fact that she had already had three cocks up her today might, you may think, beggars belief!

"But," she started to protest, "I've never..."

"You'll love it," interrupted Linda as she stood up and took Shirley's hand and pulled her to her feet. "How do you want us, big boy?" she said in a sexy voice.

Paul didn't hesitate, "Linda, why don't you lie down on the rug with your head right here in front of us."

I'd be delighted," she replied and she did as she was requested, "I guess that would be for you guys to get an eyeful of Shirley's little ass as I lick her out, eh?"

Paul grinned and nodded, Bert and Tom also agreed silently and they all waited for Shirley to take her position which she did so, a little nervously and with a look that was a mixture of hatred and lust towards Paul. "You bastard!" she mouthed as she knelt down, each knee on either side of Linda's head and slowly, lowered herself onto the, eagerly awaiting, mouth, the tongue already poking up in anticipation of the tasty delight that she just knew she was going to savour.

Shirley, at the same time that she could feel Linda's breath on her pussy, was as close as she had ever been to another woman's vagina. The scent of Linda's sex was all too obvious and the heady aroma excited her, a feeling that she never thought was possible. Nonetheless, she put her head down between the wide-open legs, encased with the green stockings, and buried her mouth into Linda's wet snatch!

"The timer's on," Julie called out as she watched Shirley enjoying her first taste of cunt.

From the men's position they got to watch Shirley lower her pussy onto the waiting tongue, her ass wriggling for their pleasure, and she started to moan immediately as the talented Linda found her clitoris and began to send ripple, after ripple, of sexual joy throughout her body.

"What a fucking view!" rasped Tom.

"What a fucking ass!" added Bert.

"What a good fucking tart!" Paul agreed as he watched his girlfriend bounce up and down Linda's face, grinding her cunt as Linda added her fingers to the oral assault. Julie, by this time, had moved forward and straddled the gyrating couple, pulling Shirley's ass cheeks apart giving the men an even better view and they saw that Linda had two fingers up the dripping cunt and a thumb up her ass.

"What a fucking view!" rasped Tom.

"What a fucking ass!" added Bert.

"What a good fucking tart!" Paul agreed.

"Enjoying the view boys?" Julie asked pointlessly as she saw the lust in their eyes.

Paul knew from Shirley's body language and moans that the inevitable was about to happen, she was about to reach orgasmic heaven. "Look out boys; you're in for a treat!"

Linda managed to hear that, in spite of Shirley's thighs threatening to crush her head in her excitement had increased the pressure, and speed, on that most sensitive part of a woman's anatomy, her fingers and thumb matching the urgency of her tongue and she sensed that Shirley was about to cum.

"Oh fucking Christ!" Shirley screamed and she had to remove her face from Linda's pussy to yell those three words followed by, "Fuck Linda, you're making me cum...Yes, yes, fucking yes!"

Shirley felt the start of her climax, and it was about to be as big an orgasm that she had ever known, at least without a cock inside her.
