 So far our six randy fuckers have enjoyed themselves. If you haven't read the first few chapters, don't worry, I believe that this next episode of their frolics will excite you without any background...enjoy! 

*

"Ok," Linda said, slightly more refreshed than she had been a moment ago, "same rules as before, two minutes max in the shower and we all are back here in ten, agreed!"

The rest quaffed what was left of their refreshers and headed off to the respective bedrooms. If any of them had been bothered to count then they would have realised that the actual time spent in the first half of the games in the various acts of a sexual nature was a mere thirteen minutes!

More fun was to follow, only it would only be eleven minutes this time still, the extras in between more than makes up for that, just like the first half only dirtier!

Ten minutes later they all reconvened around the dining room table. The ladies had all redressed to some point, Linda had a put on a black corset that trimmed her tummy and accentuated her large breasts, the base of which hugged her hips with only a thin strip of strategic lacing denying the men a full view of her knickerless pussy. Shirley had donned a pearl Basque that threatened to burst out on up top as she had, somehow, managed to push her impressive rack into the outfit that was at least a few sizes too small for her, her deeply brown areolas visible for all to admire. The outfit had matching pearl panties that were almost pointless, both in size and the fact that she had already managed to drench them with her sweet tasting cunt fluid. Julie, in the meantime, also made a fantastic appearance with her red Teddy that did nothing to hide her erect, and extremely large, nipples that threatened to tear the thin material that barely covered them. Her red strip of cloth that posed as knickers was now two-toned, with the front 'v' already a darker colour as she also showed her excitement in liquid form!

Tom, Bert and Paul all applauded as the women paraded in front of the. They had also dressed, if you could call it that, in fresh boxers (courtesy of Linda's spare supply of them, where did she get them from?) and athlete's vests. Tom wore black, Bert yellow, and Paul was wearing virgin white, although the use of the word 'virgin' might not be appropriate. Besides, the woman all looked leeringly at what was sprouting out from the boxers with three wet stains of pre-cum trying to match the ladies wetness, but not even coming close!

"Hello boys," Julie was the first to speak as she fondled herself through the flimsy red lace that excited her, "Fancy some fun?" she said as her eyes concentrated on the burgeoning bulges that stretched the black cloth of the pants in front of her. She wasn't alone as Linda and Shirley made no pretence at hiding their lustful gazes at the hidden shafts that greeted them.

To be fair, the reason for the sudden increase in the men's ample appendages was all too simple; the sight of three, sexily clad, fuck-machines would have had a priest in a similar state, if he wasn't too busy fucking an altar boy.

Five of them sat down around the table while Linda wiggled into the kitchen to fetch some more refreshments. She returned a moment later and replenished their glasses with the chilled wine before taking her place beside Julie and Shirley.

"Cheers," she said as she raised her Chardonnay and clinked her glass, first of all with Julie but, within seconds, all six glasses made the lovely sound of celebration that echoed around the room.

Some small talk took place although, you won't be surprised to hear, it was full of innuendo and comments about what they had all enjoyed in the first half of the games. As they chatted all of them were thinking about what was to come, what barriers were about to be broken?

With a tilt of her head Julie finished her glass of wine with a sigh of pleasure, allowing the men to admire her pert breasts that seemed to shout, 'suck me!' 

"Are you up for it?" she asked pointlessly, looking at the three studs in front of her.

The five other glasses were quickly drained and it was Shirley who made the first move over to the couches, quickly followed by three huge cocks and two, extremely moist, pussies. Before she got there, Linda intervened. 

"I think that we should swap our seats."

"Why?" Shirley asked.

"You'll see," said Linda with a naughty smile.

Shirley didn't say another word and took her place on the couch where the boys had been sitting. She was promptly joined by Julie and Linda and they all watched as the men took their seats opposite them.

"Oh fuck!"

"Oh fuck!"

"Oh fuck!" all three of them exclaimed as their boxers were instantly drenched with the seepage that had soaked the couch from the previous session. Cunt juice was everywhere and the women laughed at the sight of the men squirming as they tried to make themselves comfortable.

"Thanks ladies," Paul hissed as he felt his balls being saturated with the, now cold, fluid that had so recently flowed from the excited pussies that he gazed longingly at.

"Can you us a favour boys?" Julie asked, "Before we start again."

"What's that" Bert said cautiously.

Julie smiled before answering. "Can you all just stand up, turn around, and show off your beautiful butts for us girls!"

The guys knew better than to reject such an offer so, with reluctance, they all stood up and showed off their delectable asses to the admiring audience, Tom even wriggled his lovely bum at the appreciative audience!

"Oh fuck yes!" Linda whispered lasciviously as she leered at the three arses displayed in front of her, their saturated underwear leaving nothing to the imagination. Julie and Shirley joined her in their admiration of the men's nether regions that were being shown to them, albeit it unwillingly.

"Ok boys," Julie said with a hint of regret, "Put those delicious buttocks back on the couch and we can begin."

It was with a sense of relief that the men returned their ogled rear-ends to the damp relief of the cushions below them. Their erections, however, belied the fact that they hadn't enjoyed the experience.

"Game on" shouted Linda as she squeezed her legs together, "Let's fuck!"

"Who's to go?" asked Paul, his shorts barely unable to hide his excitement.

"Wait a minute," interjected Julie, "How do we get the boy's kit off?"

It was Shirley that suggested a solution, "Why don't we just remove an item every time that their name is pulled out of the pot and every time that they are asked to 'perform' for us. They've only got their knickers and vests on so it shouldn't be long before we see them naked!" she finished.

"Great, thanks," Tom agreed, "but what about you girls, getting naked that is?"

"No need," Julie said swiftly as she stood up and, unashamedly, put her hands down to the 'v' between her legs and pulled the red excuse for a gusset aside and showed off her engorged labia. "We're all crotchless! Take my word for it."

The men all gazed in admiration at the pussies that were being displayed for them, after all they had all had their cocks up each one earlier, and they couldn't wait to feel the velvety feeling of the sweet vaginas wrapped around them once more. To further enforce her statement, Shirley and Linda also stood up and proudly exposed themselves down under, Shirley copying Julie's display and Linda simply raised the hem of her corset up to reveal herself. "Satisfied?" asked Shirley innocently.

"Not yet," Bert said in a dirty tone, "but I will be soon I bet!"

"Enough of that," Julie remarked as she sat down, followed by the other two women whose seepage was already starting to ruin the new-found couch, "It's time for the first pick. Who's turn is it Linda?"

"I get to pull the first name out of the pot?" She asked as she stood up and showed off her black corset for everyone to admire, she cupped her breasts with both hands first before turning around and showed off her lace-covered ass. She felt the eyes leering at her and, as a result, she almost came there and then. With a reluctance to stop the moment of naughtiness she hurriedly pulled a piece of paper out of the third pot, or jar if you prefer.

"It's Tom," she announced before regaining her seat, all semblance of modesty depleted!

"Fuck yes!" Tom said with glee as he went to find out how many minutes of sexual bliss he was about to enjoy.

"Shit!" he swore vehemently, "It's only a minute."

"That's still 60 seconds of fun though, isn't it?" Shirley said encouragingly.

Tom took her point and changed his mind about his chosen fantasy. "Too true," he said in a sinister way.

With that being said he stood up and approached the girls who looked so sexy in their outfits. He leant forward and grasped Linda's arm and yanked her up onto the stained rug. Her black corset barely managed to contain her tits as she jumped up in anticipation.

Tom's right hand went immediately into the moist opening between her legs and he started to finger-fuck her hard.

"Oh, fucking Christ!" she screamed as her vagina was assaulted and she bounced up and down trying to get more pleasure from the sexual attack.

Tom stopped.

"Oh fuck no!" Linda pleaded but it was Tom to speak next as he whispered into her ear.

"You know that you love a cock in your arse?" he asked rhetorically.

"Of course," she breathed huskily, "After all, you've been up there often enough! But first of all," she added, "let's start to get you naked again!" With that she put her thumbs, on either side of his thighs inside the elasticated waist band, and started to pull his pants down. Soon she came across the obvious barrier that his nine inch erection caused, and she felt obliged to lower herself onto her knees to further enjoy the unveiling. 

Julie and Shirley licked their lips in anticipation as they watched Linda play with the still hidden bulge, her tongue teasing the outline as he hands went to his rear and caressed his lovely butt. Tom squirmed in delight that was short lived unfortunately as, with one swift movement, his bare ass was joined by his bare front and his cock was finally released, bouncing in front of Linda's face. What was she to do? Suck it of course! 

"So," Linda said after a few strokes as she stood up, a cock in hand, "You want to fuck my arse?"

"Well this time," he continued as he returned his fingers to her pussy, "I want to watch."

"Eh?"

"I want to watch you being fucked in the arse with my eyes only an inch away!"

"Kinky!" said Julie.

"But not illegal," added Shirley.

Linda looked behind her, spotted Paul's sexy eyes and then allowed her gaze to drop to his nine inches of magic that threatened to ruin the cloth that surrounded it, the penis that she had enjoyed up her arse earlier.

"...and," Tom went on, "I want to watch you being ass-fucked by..."

Linda's eyes, once more, leered at the fuck-pole that belonged to Paul.

"...Bert!"

"What?" Linda screamed, "No way, you can't be serious? Put that monster up my arse? No fucking way, it's impossible!" 

Tom gave his own piece of advice, "Not really," he said sympathetically, "Julie had it up her a few nights ago."

"And she still can't fucking walk straight!" Linda said sarcastically.

"You know the rule." Julie said remorselessly.

"Of course I do," Linda yelped, "After all I made it up but..." she stared at the can of beans that stood to attention, "...oh what the fuck!"

With that being said, she re-arranged herself so that she knelt on the couch, her backside displayed for all to see, especially Bert who was bursting to release his cock. He didn't have to as Shirley sprung forward and yanked down the flimsy material, his manhood springing up into the air which she greedily began to suck.

"Wait a minute!" squealed Julie, "That's not in the script."

Shirley gave Bert another suck or two before apologising.

The next voice to be heard came from Linda. "Julie?"

"Yes?"

"Get the lube, and plenty of it, I think that I'm going to need a pint up my arse!"

Julie opened the bottle that was conveniently at hand and pulled the flimsy black corset aside and started to pour the soothing liquid down Linda's ass cheeks. She then helped its destination by inserting first one, then two, then three fingers up the brown hole. Linda wriggled in delight as she felt her sphincter being penetrated by her friend.

"Give me some of that lube," Shirley said to Julie, and she cupped her hands together as Julie duly obliged, dripping a generous amount onto the outstretched hands. "I'll make sure that Bert is well oiled up for you Linda."

"How kind," was the caustic reply as she gazed behind to see that Shirley had both of her hands, fingers unable to reach one another, start to masturbate the ogre that was about to sodomize her.

"Oh fuck!" she whispered as she turned her head back and closed her eyes, waiting for the assault to begin.

By this time Paul had stood up and approached the others to improve his view, his cock still encased in its prison. "Now that is a sight," he gasped, "that people would give good money to see!"

Julie's fingers were still preparing Linda as Bert started to sidle forward, Shirley's hands still wrapped around him. He was only an inch away from forbidden pleasure when Shirley took one last taste of him as she tickled his pee-hole with her tongue, causing Bert to wobble in delight, before she guided him to the very entrance that he lusted after. 

Julie, reluctantly, removed her hand from Linda, her Teddy outfit being admired by the men, and wiped the excess lubrication on her own ass that now gleaned erotically in the soft lighting, a task that Shirley would copy momentarily on either side of her own sexy lingerie.

"I hope everyone has got a good view," Linda said with a hint of sarcasm as she felt the thick cock touch her rectum for the first time. Everybody had!

"Start the timer then," she pleaded.

"Not yet," Julie held the phone in her oily hand, "He has to be at least halfway in and fucking you!" she said encouragingly.

Bert made his first, gentle, prod forward and Linda grimaced as the mammoth beast started to attempt to enter her. She did her best to relax her muscle defences and he was able to get his first foothold into the tight opening. He paused for a moment as he prised apart her sphincter, the barrier slightly giving way as she tried to get used to his size.

Another tender push and Bert watched as the first inch of his cock, glistening with the oil that Shirley had thoughtfully applied, disappeared up the tight anal passage causing another gasp from Linda. Once again he paused, waiting for Linda to show him that she was willing to carry on. It took many seconds for her to nod her head that Bert took for confirmation for him to continue which he did, but with consideration. He withdrew a fraction before leaning forward again, easing his engorged prick further up her arse.

"Jesus fuck!" Tom hissed, his eyes only inches away, as he watched Bert's cock go further inside, almost half of its length now hidden from view.

Once more Bert stopped any movement, although the tightness that he felt wrapped around his manhood made that very difficult. He so much wanted to start shafting her but, again, he waited for Linda's nod. It took a while but, eventually, he got the signal to continue.

Linda had made him wait as the pain that she had felt on his first penetration started to disappear, to be replaced by a type of perverted pleasure, and she started to enjoy the experience so, with the nod of her head being given, she felt him withdraw and re-enter her with more ease this time.

Four thrusts was all it took before Shirley spoke for everyone, "for fuck's sake, he's balls deep Linda!"

"Don't I fucking know it!" she screamed, "Start the fucking timer!"

As Julie pressed the 'go' button Bert began sixty seconds of sheer delight and began, again gently at first, to move in and out of the lubricated chute. Linda's screams greeted his every movement as he started to pick up speed.

"Fuck!" she squealed as he bottomed out in her again.

"Fuck yes!" she shouted as he repeated the manoeuvre.

"Fuck me!" she hollered repeatedly every time that he shagged her, harder and faster with each thrust, until she was just a continuous incoherent noise. 

"Oh fuck that butt!" Julie added her encouragement that Bert didn't really need as he was pumping her with all his might, the sweat streaming down his face to join his saturated chest.

"Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!" was all that emanated from Linda's mouth as she got the pummelling of her life. What she had thought of as being impossible had turned into an erotic dream come true and she aided Bert's abuse of her shit-hole by pushing back against the jumbo cock inside of her.

TING!

"Oh shit!" Bert hissed as he slowed down and, with remarkable self-control and tenderness, began his reluctant departure from Linda's arse. When he did leave his audience all gasped in astonishment at the gaping gorge that he had left behind, her black corset still to the one side.

"Jesus!" muttered Tom from his vantage point, "You could drive a fucking bus up there!"

"More like a fleet of taxis," was Paul's contribution as they looked up Linda's anus, joined by the amazed eyes of Julie and Shirley.

Bert had excused himself to clean up but was back within a minute to find that Linda's ass was still on display, oiled up as were Julie and Shirley, and still her sphincter hadn't returned to normal. She was moaning and groaning from her kneeling position on the couch, her thighs rocking her back and forward as she tried to calm down from the butt fuck of a lifetime.

Eventually the five observers could see that Linda was able to tighten her rectum but, as she did so, she felt another urge welling up inside of her. "Oh fuck," she said, "I've got to go a place," and with that she stood up awkwardly and waddled to the room that Bert had just vacated. She sat down in the nick of time as shite and pee came whooshing out of her uncontrollably. The ablution took a mere few seconds and Linda thought that was how having an enema must feel. She tidied herself up, flushed the toilet, and sat on the bidet and enjoyed the welcome warmth that eased her aching butt. 

After that she padded her ass dry, washed her hands and, gingerly walked back to the quintet wafting her hand in front of her nose in a blokes' manner before announcing, with her thumb pointing back towards the bathroom, "I'd give it five minutes guys!"

That got a great laugh and applause from the anxious quintet as Linda approached Tom and Bert and gave them a huge kiss each, whispering into their ears, "Thank you boys," and went to take her seat.

"Not so fast," Shirley interrupted her, "You have to pick the next name."

"Again?" she questioned.

Nods appeared all round and she stretched forward to the pot containing the five remaining names hoping, all the time, that it wouldn't be her. She needing some convalescence!

"It's Paul," she declared with a sense of relief.

"Knickers off!" shouted Julie as Paul rose from his seat, drew the paper from the third pot; it said two minutes, and threw himself onto the woollen rug in haste and laid on his back, his straining boxers on display for all to see.

"Fancy taking these off Shirley?"

She bounced, quite delightfully in her naughty lingerie that barely held her breasts, towards him and, sexily, started to remove the unwanted item of clothing from his body using hands, teeth and tongue. As the material was lowered his beautiful cock sprung up in the air to gasps of approval from the other two women who liked their men naked!

"What now?" Shirley asked as she grabbed the base of the familiar fuck-pole that she adored.

"Lick my balls and ass."
