 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me.

Note: If you haven't read them yet, A Proper Goodbye, A Proper Sequel and Luscious Lesia are the prequels to this story.


While perusing the News Feed on my Facebook account as I ate my lunch, Lesia's status update nearly made me drop my turkey sandwich. I still considered Lesia to be one of the true loves of my life even more than twenty years after we'd amicably ended our relationship. As such, I was always interested in what she was up to, even though she was married. A status update that not only mentioned a visit to Denver, where I was currently sitting, but also name-dropped a name that I was very familiar with had me rereading it several times to make sure my mind wasn't playing cruel tricks on me. If she'd just said that she was visiting Brandi in Denver, I'd certainly have considered that there are probably tons of Brandis in Denver, even using that spelling, but the odds were very much against there being two Brandis with that spelling and the same uncommon last name as my coworker who I was currently screwing on the sly. Once I was certain that Lesia's status update said what I thought it said, I abandoned my lunch and headed for Brandi's office.

"Hi," she said with a smile as I appeared in her doorway.

"Hi," I replied with a smile and stepped inside, leaving the door open, "you've got a friend coming to visit."

"Yeah, one of my college girlfriends," she said with a look of surprise, "but how did you..."

She trailed off and the look on her face went from surprise at my knowledge to a wide-eyed look of sudden revelation.

"Oh my God," she finally said, "you're..."

"Her old boyfriend," I confirmed.

"How did I never put that together?" she questioned.

"Well, it isn't like we get a lot of opportunity for pillow talk," I reminded her, since we mostly screwed in secret at work.

"True," she replied, "but I do know enough about both of you that I could have made that connection. She has talked about you a lot. She was disappointed that things didn't work out."

"So was I," I assured her, "but we've managed to remain friends and I still think about her."

"She is so going to want to see you," Brandi said and I could almost see the wheels turning in her mind.

"I don't want to intrude on your reunion," I told her, "and wouldn't it be a little awkward given our current relationship."

"Oh, I don't think so," Brandi replied with a smile, "I've confided in her about our workplace activities but obviously never told her your name. I have a feeling that the three of us together would be unprecedented."

"Are you suggesting a threesome?" I had to ask, though I was pretty sure she was, so I didn't call her out after she'd told me that she wasn't going to tell anyone about our 'workplace activities.'

"Oh yes," she replied, "Lesia typically comes to stay with me when my husband is out of town and we spend a lot of time revisiting our carefree college days."

"Wait, were you two were a couple?" I asked.

"No," she replied, "we were best friends who were both a bit socially awkward and who had both led somewhat sheltered lives. Who better to experiment and explore with than your best friend?"

"I can't believe that person I currently enjoy fucking more than anything," I said, lowering my voice, "has spent a considerable amount of time naked with one of my first true loves, who I also at one time enjoyed fucking more than anything. My God am I horny right now."

"I am too," she said, "I think it is time to close that door."

I got up and took the all-powerful "Do NOT even THINK of knocking!!!" Post-it note from the back of the door and moved it to the outside before closing the door. When I turned around, Brandi was right behind me and we were immediately making out while starting to undress one another. Actually, my hands went to her ass first as hers started unfastening my belt. Once I'd given her ass a few squeezes, I went to work on getting her slacks open, as well. She worked my pants and underwear down far enough that my cock was freed then stroked it in her hand while I finished working her slacks over her ass. Before I could start sliding her panties over her ass, she pulled away from me and turned to lean on the "peninsula" of her workstation. She knew not only that I loved to fuck her from behind because she had such a great ass but also that, if we were going for a quickie and weren't planning to strip down completely, this would be an ideal position.

As she rested her head on her arm, I was sliding her panties down to expose her sweet ass but didn't take much time to lavish attention on it because I truly was horny. After a couple of squeezes, I grasped my cock and guided it into her hot, slippery pussy. She was obviously as worked up as I was after our discussion about Lesia, which I found promising for the upcoming visit. I grasped her by the hips and slid my full length into her, then started to fuck her hard and fast. She was pushing back against my incoming thrusts so there was a telltale smacking sound as my hips connected with her ass. I slipped a hand down from her hip to stroke her clit but, soon after I started to lightly caress it, she took both of my hands and moved them up to her tits while her hand went down between her legs.

I quickly undid her bra and brought my hands back to her swinging tits, gently squeezing them and lightly pinching her hard nipples while still fucking her hard. I heard her gasping quietly the longer we fucked and could feel her already dripping pussy becoming even more wet and engorged. As a result, my orgasm was beginning to build fairly quickly and I knew that Brandi would let me know if she wanted me to cum inside her. Before I was too close, though, she let out a bit louder noise than I'm sure she intended as she pushed back hard against me and I could feel her body quiver. I tried to keep fucking her as she came, but she remained firmly pushed back against me, so I just enjoyed the feel of her orgasm coursing through her.

She exhaled hard as her body seemed to relax then she pulled away from me and started to straighten up. With a smile, she gave me a quick kiss then dropped to her knees. She very quickly had her hand wrapped around the base of my cock and was pumping it as she wrapped her lips around the head. I held her head as my cock was engulfed in her hot, talented mouth and I felt my orgasm surging forward. I relished the continuing build as her lips slid up and down my rigid shaft though I admit that my mind wandered to thoughts of being naked with both her and Lesia. My cock swelled even more as those thoughts combined with Brandi's impressive cocksucking ability and my orgasm loomed. Brandi never relented even as I started spewing down her throat while trying to suppress a moan.

She nursed my cock until I had nothing left and was beginning to soften, then started to stand while pulling her panties and slacks up. As I was getting myself back together, she refastened her bra and tucked her blouse in. Once we were presentable again, she opened the door to her office and removed the Post-it. We sat down so that we could further discuss the logistics of Lesia's visit.

"I guess the first question that comes to mind for me," I said, "is whether we tell her anything before she arrives or just surprise her."

"I'm leaning toward surprising her," she replied, "like having you waiting at my house when I'm picking her up at the airport. I don't think I could handle driving if you guys were fucking in my backseat."

"Okay, so are you thinking total surprise or letting her know that there will be a surprise?" I asked.

"I think I'll tell her that there will be a surprise to get her thinking but not give her any hints beyond that her mind will be blown," she decided.

I was with her and, during the ensuing days, we planned what needed to be planned. On the day of Lesia's arrival, we left work early and Brandi drove us to her house, since her husband was already gone. She wanted to change her clothes before she drove out to the airport and I'd convinced her that we might want to spend a few extra minutes taking the edge off of the anticipation. She was down with that since we had agreed to both focus on Lesia once she had arrived. We had allowed ourselves enough extra time that we'd be able to appreciate being naked together, even though we were expecting to be naked for the next several days. We headed directly from the garage to her bedroom and were immediately undressing each other.

I started with her blouse and bra so I could get my hands and tongue on her succulent tits while she went right to work on my pants and quickly had my cock I in her hand. I opened her slacks while licking and sucking her hard nipples as she pumped my cock then we both shed the rest of our clothes and climbed onto her bed. We'd decided on a sixty-nine on the way over rather than a quick fuck since we didn't see ourselves getting a chance to sixty-nine each other during a threesome. I lay on my back and she straddled my head as I ran my hands over her smooth ass cheeks. She started sucking my cock while pumping the base as I lapped at her juicy slit with my hands still on her ass.

Although we'd allowed enough time to appreciate being naked together, we hadn't really allowed for enough to luxuriate in the pleasure of our bodies given that we'd be doing that for the next several days. The aim had been to take the edge off because we were both very worked up so we really just focused right away on making each other cum. I slipped a finger into Brandi's hot, wet pussy while licking and sucking her clit and she bobbed her head up and down on my tool as her hand pumped the base. Again, my mind wandered a bit as I pondered what it would feel like to eat Lesia's pussy again, or slip my cock into that or her mouth, but that only made it easier for Brandi as my orgasm built even quicker with the combined stimulation. As I devoured her pussy, I wondered if she was similarly considering having Lesia eating her pussy or eating Lesia's herself.

Brandi came first, moaning around my cock but going right back to sucking it even as her body twitched and shook. I dropped my head back onto the comforter and slipped my finger out of her once she'd finished cumming and I was approaching the brink myself. As I gazed up at her honey-colored bush, my cock began to swell even more as I relished the feel of her hot mouth. With a moan, I started to spurt into her mouth and she greedily devoured my cum. Once I was spent, she glanced over at the clock to see how much time she had before she needed to leave for the airport. There was no rush, so she climbed off of me and grabbed the phone on the nightstand to call the airline and check on the flight. She was sitting on the edge of the bed going through the automated system, so I got up to sit behind her with my chest against her back. She tilted her head so that I could kiss her neck as I toyed with her tits.

"This is going to be one hell of a visit, isn't it," I whispered in her unoccupied ear.

When she'd finished with her phone call, she set the phone back in the cradle and got up, turning to give me a nice kiss before gathering up her clothes. I stayed naked as she tossed her clothes in the hamper and picked out something more casual for the drive to the airport. I was pleased to see that she picked out some very sexy underwear as well and wondered if Lesia had done likewise. It wouldn't be long before I found out. I got dressed just before Brandi left, deciding to go sans underwear myself by slipping into just a pair of jeans and a t-shirt and stashing my other clothes into the small duffle I'd brought along. I walked Brandi out to her car and kissed her again after we agreed that I'd be sitting on the kitchen counter when they came in from the garage.

I knew I had about 90 minutes to kill so, yeah, I snooped around a little bit. I don't mean that I was looking through boxes in the closets and through drawers, except for Brandi's lingerie drawer, or under the sofa cushions. I just wandered through her modest house, looked at photos and knick-knacks and considered potential places to fuck. It wasn't long before I knew I had to be alert for the garage door opening so I could be in position. I actually had butterflies in my stomach as the time got closer though, as I thought about what the night before us would likely hold, my cock was also starting to throb unencumbered in my jeans. When I finally heard the garage door, I hopped up on the counter and adjusted my cock so that it would be most prominent. Brandi flashed me a quick smile as she entered the kitchen before stepping aside to let Lesia through the door.

Lesia looked up as she stepped into the kitchen and at first seemed startled, then realization dawned on her face and she dropped her bag as I hopped down off the counter. She was very quickly in my arms squeezing me tightly before looking up into my eyes. A moment later we were making out as my hands dropped down to her ass. I heard Brandi lock up the door and move Lesia's bag further into the kitchen before we finally separated.

"So I take it my surprise," Lesia said, gesturing to me, "is also your secret workplace lover?"

"Yep," Brandi replied, "how's that for six degrees of separation?"

"Sounds like serendipity to me," Lesia replied, "Some people say there is no such thing as coincidence. We've talked many times about sharing a guy and it looks like we've got the right one. Come here already!"

Lesia had started to massage the bulge in my jeans as she beckoned Brandi closer to us and, as they kissed, I could feel my cock trying to burst out. I leaned down to kiss Lesia's neck with one hand still on her ass and brought the other hand up to caress her tit.

"Let's go upstairs," Brandi finally suggested and we broke apart. She grabbed Lesia's bag in one hand and one of her hands in the other as I trailed behind, staring at their asses.

"I hope you're not expecting a bikini body," Lesia called to me over her shoulder.

"I won't expect your 18-year-old body if you won't expect mine," I assured her.

At the foot of Brandi's bed, we both alternately made out with Lesia, each with a hand on one of her tits. We raised her sweater up over her head, revealing that she had worn a very sexy bra encasing her very nice titties. We each massaged one, feeling her hard nipples through the bra, then I reached behind her and unfastened it. Once we'd slid it down her arms, we both started to lick and suck a hard nipple. I was rubbing her pussy through her jeans while Brandi worked on getting her jeans open. She slipped her hand into Lesia's jeans, rubbing the front of her panties, while I started to work her jeans down, then Brandi slipped her hand into Lesia's panties. I dropped to my knees as they were making out and Brandi was caressing her pussy so that I could get her jeans off, then went ahead and slid her panties down as well.

With Lesia naked, I stayed on my knees and was fondling her ass while kissing around Brandi's stroking hand. I finally took Brandi's hand and licked off her fingers.

"Why don't you get undressed," I said, looking up at her, "and Lesia can sit on the end of your bed and watch."

They separated and Lesia sat on the end of the bed with her legs spread while I moved to kneel between them. I admired her trim bush before kissing the smooth skin around it as she watched Brandi stripping down for her. She moaned when I ran my tongue up her slit, tasting the copious juices that had collected there. By the time Brandi was apparently naked and had asked her to lay back, I had slipped a finger into her juicy, slippery pussy and was focused more on licking and sucking her clit. Glancing up as I did, I saw Brandi's ass as she straddled Lesia's head and Lesia's tongue as it came out to start lapping at Brandi's pussy. My cock was ready to burst from my jeans.

As I was eating Lesia's sweet pussy, I kept watching her licking Brandi's while also admiring Brandi's ass and Lesia's tits. As fired up as we all were, I was expecting orgasms galore starting at any moment. It was an unexpected treat to be able to eat Lesia's pussy again after all these years but, once I started, so many memories came flooding back that I knew immediately what to do to make sure she experienced the most pleasure that I could provide. I saw that she'd also slipped a finger up into Brandi's pussy and was pumping it in and out while licking her clit and wondered if she used any of my techniques on Brandi when they'd first started experimenting with bisexuality. She also had a hand on Brandi's ass but, as she was apparently getting closer to cumming, she reached down and placed it on the back of my head while humping her pussy toward my face.

I would have been perfectly content to eat Lesia's pussy for much longer than it appeared that it would take for her to cum, but I also knew that, once she had cum, I'd be slipping my cock into her. When her hips started rocking faster, I didn't try to draw out her orgasm; I just focused on getting her there with greatest amount of pleasure that I could. Feeling her pussy becoming wetter and more engorged, I was prepared when she suddenly started to shake and moaned much louder than she had been. I kept eating her and lapping up the fresh juices until she went limp on the bed and let go of my head. I saw her refocusing her efforts on Brandi, so I slipped my finger out of her and sucked her juices off of it as I stood.

I opened my jeans and pushed them down, kicking them away as I also slipped out of my t-shirt. Taking my cock in hand, I slipped it easily into her hot, slippery pussy causing her to moan again. I lifted her legs and hooked them over my arms as I started to slowly fuck her while reaching down to caress her bouncing tits. Brandi's ass was also close enough that I could kiss it and nibble it and run my tongue between her cheeks, which I hoped was helping to increase the pleasure she was feeling, as well. The feel of Lesia's pussy, though, was my main focus since I hadn't experienced it in so many years and it definitely didn't disappoint. I absolutely loved fucking Brandi, and I was looking forward to doing so with a lot more freedom than we were accustomed to over the ensuing days, but for the moment I was relishing being embedded in Lesia's hot pussy once again.

Brandi was getting louder the longer Lesia ate her and I noticed that she was also starting to hump toward Lesia's face. When I noticed her body shaking as she let out a cry moments later, I wasn't surprised. When she climbed off of Lesia's face, Lesia was sucking Brandi's flavor off of her fingers. Brandi was kneeling beside Lesia, watching as I slid my cock in and out of her before reaching out to stroke Lesia's clit.

"Do you want to eat her?" I asked after she'd lowered her head a couple of times to lick Lesia's clit.

"No," she replied, not sounding convincing, "you haven't had an opportunity to do this in so long."

"I'll have plenty of opportunity over the next few days," I reminded her, pulling out and guiding my cock to her mouth, "Taste this and you won't be able to say no again."

She cleaned Lesia's juices off of my throbbing cock then started to lick Lesia's pussy while still kneeling beside her. I moved up by Lesia's head and slipped my cock into her mouth.
