 The story continues. If you have not yet read the first chapters, don't worry, this is, I hope, a stand- alone story that will excite you

The games continue!

 They all sat there, three horny women and three randy men, with nothing to say at the moment until Tom spoke up, "Look, I know that there are still two more rounds to go, two more fantasies, but can I make a suggestion?"

"Go ahead," Julie prompted him.

"It's just that," Tom started to say, "Well I fancy a brief break, maybe a bottle of beer or two, what do you lot think?"

"After what I've just seen," Linda agreed, "I'd second that motion." As she did so she opened her legs to allow the men to get a good look at her pussy, deliberately of course, before adding, "There is still Shirley and Julie to come, if you know what I mean, and I for one can't wait but," she paused, "I could kill a beer right now!" 

"Time out?" questioned Bert and got a reply from Julie.

"Time out!"

The games had stopped for a comfort break as Tom had suggested and Paul had decided that a call of nature was in order. He waddled his way to the downstairs bathroom as the five others gathered around the dining room table, Bert being the bartender as he went to retrieve more beer and wine from the fridge.

He returned with the booty and simply said, "I think that we will have to replenish your stock tomorrow morning," as the bottles tinkled when he put them on the table.

Linda nodded and she grabbed the nearest cool beer and quaffed it down, leaving the bottle half empty, or half full if you are an optimist!

Paul rejoined them, his gait more natural now, and followed Linda's lead in the beer department. When he had quenched his thirst he broke the small sense of tension in the room, "God that was fucking good!"

"What?" Julie asked, "Being fucked in the arse?"

The laughter was spontaneous and the sexual well being resumed.

"Christ, I'm fucking horny!" said Shirley as she squirmed on her chair, already having made up her mind as to the fantasy that she wanted to fulfil.

Julie replicated her motions as she too had also made her mind up.

"Let's go," suggested Linda as the last of her beer left the bottle and drained down her throat, "These two dirty ladies want to have some sort of sex, in whatever form that might take," she finished with a lascivious nudge at both of them, followed with a naughty wink. "Are you up for it boys?"

Three cocks twitched their agreement!

"Then let's fuck!"

Seconds later the two couches were full once more, ladies on one and gents on the other.

Shirley spoke only one word, "Tom?"

"Yeah?"

"You get to pick."

He did and the name that came out of the jar was...Julie!

"Oh fuck yes!" she screamed as she took her place in the centre of the floor and bent down, deliberately showing off her lace-covered ass, and picked the penultimate piece of paper that told tell her how much time she had; it had a number '2' written on it. 

"Well," Linda stated the obvious, "I guess we all know who is going last..."

"...and how much time I'll have," Shirley had been keeping count of the minutes as well, and she smiled a delightfully wicked smile!

Julie stood up from her sexy pose and turned to face the men. Immediately her hands shot down to her knickers and prised them open at her crotch to display her ever-ready fuck hole, its juices already coating her outer lips as she pressed her clitoris, making it seem to grow even larger than usual, if that were possible, such as was the aroused state that she was in.

The guys all licked their lips in anticipation of what was to come next as Julie decided to mimic Shirley and gave them a striptease to remember. She started by turning her back on them once more and pulled her panties up on either side as she leant forward to give the men an eyeful as the thin material that was supposed to cover her ass disappeared up the crack in her bum leaving her apparently naked from her hips down. She wiggled her butt for a moment before, with open palms; she began sliding the flimsy lingerie along her thighs, rolling the damp cloth further and further down her legs until the trapped knickers were finally released from their sexual prison. 

She turned around and eyed the men with lust in her eyes as she allowed the red strip to fall to the ground. With a deft movement she stepped out of them and flicked them up in the air with her right foot. Paul was the first to react as he caught them and, without hesitation, brought the sensual fabric to his mouth and nose in order to taste, and smell, the nectar that they contained.

Julie just stood there, pouting sexily, as Paul removed them and handed the sodden knickers to Bert who, after appreciating them in a similar way, gave them to Tom. He munched on them greedily, his eyes adoring the vision in front of him. "Tasty!" he said lewdly as he unravelled them slightly and wrapped them around his cock, pulling the lacy cloth back to his base where they just seemed to stick.

The stripper glanced down and admired the cock with her red knickers at its root before restarting her passionate gyrations. She massaged her breasts erotically through the Teddy that did nothing to hide her aroused nipples and, gently, began to expose herself. She unleashed one boob from its casing and circled the hard bud with her fingers, bringing a small groan of ecstasy from within and three gasps of desire from the guys.

Unhurriedly she gave her audience a glimpse of her other boob and then repeated the intimate fondling, her eyes closing for a moment in sexual bliss as she now had both nipples on view with her fingers tweaking the sensitive objects of the men's desire. She continued to tease them as she slowly let the Teddy slip down her body, faint beads of perspiration already forming on the bare flesh as she grew more, and more, naked.

As the lingerie slipped down to her waist she changed her tactic and pulled the sleek covering up to allow the buddies to admire her smooth pussy lips, her clitoris sticking out erect like a mini penis. Her right hand encircled what Linda called her third nipple and her gyrations became more erratic and erotic. Her left hand was busy as well as she inserted three fingers up her hot pussy and started to finger-fuck herself. The spectacle was almost too much for the men to handle and their right hands moved south to play with themselves before Julie uttered hoarsely, "Get your hands off your cocks!"

They reluctantly obeyed and simply stood there with cocks at attention as Julie finished off her titillating display that had increased the men's swelling. She wiggled her hips and removed her hand away from her clit and out of her steaming pussy, the wet fingers going at once to a mouth that was made for sucking. Forming a perfect 'O' she stuffed the fragrant digits into her gaping oral organ and teased the guys with a thrilling picture as she pushed the wet fingers in and out, imitating the blow-job that each man knew she was so talented at.

As she was doing this her right hand had eased her Teddy down and down to the top of her thighs until, with another exaggerated wiggle, her nudity was complete. Cat-calls and whistles ensured that she knew that she had performed well and, with a longing look at the monsters between the guys legs went on to say...

"...now, about my fantasy," she whispered lecherously as she raised her hands and put them on top of her head, "you now have two minutes to make me wet all over."

"I think you're wet enough as it is!" Tom said obligingly with a smirk.

"Come here you guys," she said invitingly, "No hands and no cocks, just your mouths and tongues to saturate every part of me; and not just the obvious bits as well."

"Bits," Paul said, "rhymes with tits!"

"It certainly doesn't rhyme with pussy anyway!" Bert contributed as the trio surrounded the naked object of their current desire.

Tom put his face an inch away from Julie's right armpit, Bert positioned himself a similar distance away from her left ear while Paul knelt down and lowered his head until it was almost touching her big toe on her right foot.

Julie looked round at Shirley and Linda and gave the nod for the timer to be started. Both of the seated women looked on with rapture and a hint of jealously as Linda spoke, "Oh God, you're going to fucking love this, aren't you?"

"You'd better fucking believe it!" she said with a thrill in her tone as Linda pressed the 'go' button.

"Ok boys, get to work. Make that girl scream!"

Tom smothered his face into the sweet smelling armpit that oozed with moisture and began by using that to run his tongue down smoothly along her inner arm before returning to the apex and repeated the operation down Julie's right side, stopping where he could see, and feel, the pantie-line that the sexy knickers had left, those same red knickers that he now had wrapped around his cock. Returning his tongue back upwards, just skimming the side of her shapely breast, he slipped his tongue into Julie's ear lobe before putting the whole organ into his mouth and sucked on it. Julie thought that she was about to faint with desire!

Bert stuck his tongue out and mangled her ear lobe with his saliva, immediately causing paroxysms of lust throughout her entire body. Seconds later his tongue drifted south, first seeking out the sweaty left armpit and devoured the sweet smelling beads of desire, before he too moved down her body trying to comply with the wishes of the writhing woman to lick every part of her. His adventure took him down her side until he reached her wriggling thighs. There, he changed direction and he moved his mouth to the side as he licked, and licked, her sexy left butt! Julie thought that she was about to faint with desire!

Paul, in his kneeling position, delved his tongue into the space between Julie's big toe and licked away with abandon. He swiftly changed his posture so that he could work his way up her foot to her ankle, drooling all the time as he tried make her foot as wet as possible. The right foot duly drenched, he turned his attention to her left foot and repeated the operation with successful results. Julie thought that she was about to faint with desire!

As Paul started to work his way up Julie's calf, knees and thighs, his eyes were drawn to the pussy above him; it had started to leak! He could see the first signs of her cunt juice form on her outer lips, a droplet that clung to her shaven skin before, inevitably, gravity took its toll and the globule fell to the floor only to be replaced by another, then another. He continued his licking, never from a minute taking his eyes off the sensual sight above him. His tongue took him further north until me could smell her sex and he suckled her thighs as she bucked back and forward in ecstasy. Julie thought that she was about to faint with desire! 

By this time Tom had followed Bert's initiative and was now licking Julie's other bum cheek. She now had two men licking her ass, and another tongue tantalising close to her aching pussy. Julie thought that she was about to faint with desire!

Tom stopped paying attention to the pert ass that he was enjoying, instead he started to lick the crack of her bum cleavage, going as far down as he could, and he could feel the quivering of desire that Julie emitted. God she was in sexual heaven!

After reaching the arse that he had already rimmed that day, he enjoyed himself once more tasting the sweaty butt-hole with glee before turning his oral talents upwards and his tongue made a bee-line to the base of Julie's spine and licked his way all the way up to the nape of her neck. Julie thought that she was about to faint with desire! 

She couldn't hold out any longer and she screamed lustfully, "I need you guys to suck my tits! Suck my fucking tits!"

Bert and Tom continued to lick her ass and neck as if they hadn't heard her; Paul continued to stimulate her as he tickled her inner thigh.

"Paul!" she screamed, "my clit, fucking put your tongue on it!"

He continued to nibble on her thigh as if he was deaf.

In desperation Julie turned towards Linda and asked, "How much more time have I got!"

Linda glanced at her phone and pronounced, "Less than a minute."

"I need to cum!" she squealed and the men finally succumbed to her wishes. Paul's tongue darted towards her most sensitive spot and Bert and Tom ceased their adulation of her wonderful ass and upper body and attacked her nipples with gusto!

"Oh fuck yes!" she screamed in joyous rapture as her orgasm reached its passionate height. She thrust her hot body hard against the willing tongue that Paul had between her legs and forced him to put even more pressure on her as she bucked back and forth , fucking his tongue.

By now she had lost all self-control, her body language simply said 'sex!', and she was loving it!

Her hands finally came down from the top of her head and she pulled Bert and Tom's faces harder into her breasts, encouraging them to maul them harder and harder. Seconds later she had to release Tom's head and lowered her hand to grab hold of Paul's hair and forced him to suck her off with delirious passion.

She was cumming, an orgasm that was about to climax, if you would excuse the pun. She was on a wave of pleasure that she hadn't experienced before. She was...

TING!

"Turn that fucking thing off!!" she shrieked as she continued to thrust her pussy into Paul's willing mouth, "I'm going to have a wonderful..."

Words failed her as the moment arrived. Her inner thighs were drenched with the succulent droppings that poured out from her excited pussy as she succumbed to one orgasm after another. Two men suckling her tits and another man licking her third nipple was too much for even Julie to survive and she collapsed onto the stained rug, and writhed about in ecstasy in the glory of sexual fulfilment, before going into the foetal position to enjoy the afterglow of orgasmic pleasure.

She squeezed her thighs together and the only sounds that anyone could hear were the sweet sounds of rapture as she continued her orgasmic rapture in a whisper, "Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!" she hissed as even more waves of bliss passed through her entire body.

The three men returned to their couch, never for a second taking their eyes off the gyrating Julie who was mimicking what Linda had done earlier and seemed to be fucking an invisible cock!

"Christ, she's fucking hot!" Paul said pointlessly as all of them watched the floor show, literally!

After another moment of the sexual treat that Julie was giving them all, it was Shirley to first voice her opinion. "Get up here!" she said, patting the cushion beside her, "You can't keep cumming all night, some of us have to have a go too!"

With a final thrust of her hips that gave another mini-orgasm Julie gradually tried to get herself vertical, but failed! She had to resort to crawling towards her seat and clawed her way up to join her two sex-starved, at least for the last two minutes, friends on the couch.

"Jesus!" Linda said in a hoarse voice, "I would love that to happen to me. Was it as good as it looked?"

Julie took a moment to respond as she fanned her exposed pussy, "Fucking unbelievable!"

"I wish I had thought of that!" Shirley said in a quiet voice full of wonder.

"You still can if you want?" Julie motioned as she tried to cool down.

Shirley shook her head before replying, "I've already got something else in mind," she said in a devilishly, and deliciously, sexy voice.

"Well, it's only your name left," Linda prompted her, "and you know you have three minutes, what have you got planned?"

Shirley paused for a moment before responding in a barely audible tone, "I want what Linda had this afternoon."

"What?" Paul asked incredulously, "You want to be..."

"...airtight!" she finished off his sentence with a smile that did little to hide her excitement and anticipation.

"Paul?"

"Yeah?"

"Lie on the rug."

He did as he was told and, seconds later, he lay prone on the floor, his long cock standing proudly to attention, made to look even more attractive to the woman who was about to fuck it as he grabbed his shaft and pointed it up towards the ceiling. 

Shirley rose and moved over to him, her legs astride above his head giving him an idyllic vision of her cunt as she prised open her lips to allow him a view of her pink wetness through the crotchless panties that she still wore. Slowly she lowered herself onto his face, her knees on either side of his torso, her eyes gazing leeringly at his familiar cock.

She let him sniff her sex, still encased in the pearl knickers, and ordered him to take them off. He started to roll the tiny piece of cloth down her ass but she stopped him before he could go any further.

"Just rip the fucking things off me!"

A tearing sound followed and the useless item was removed in the blink of an eye. "Give them to me!" Shirley barked and Paul handed them over. She leant forward and wrapped the sodden material around the base of Paul's flagpole mimicking Julie's discarded knickers that still adorned Tom.

Linda looked over at Bert and apologised, "Sorry Bert," she said, "I wish I had worn panties as well!" Her legs opened as she uttered those words displaying the opening to another hole of joy.

Shirley pulled back from Paul and admired her handiwork. Then she continued her downward motion until he was able to use his tongue on the inviting pussy.

"No," Shirley told him firmly, "not there, I want you to lick my arse! Get it ready to be fucked!"

Paul's tongue shifted its attack to the sweaty brown hole and slurped the tight entrance, tasting the intoxicating mixture of her sex and her butt hole. Shirley moaned in pleasure as she felt herself being rimmed. They had often talked about anal sex but, up until this moment in time; 'talk' was as far as they had gone. Now she was about to have a cock up her dirty hole for the first time.

After a moment of sexual bliss from Paul's talented mouth she, almost grudgingly, threw her body around so that she faced her lover and sat on his knickers-coated penis. He slipped inside her easily she was so wet and she began a methodical rocking motion as she savoured the feeling of having his dick giving her the thrill that she knew so well from him.

Continuing to gently fuck Paul, Shirley turned her gaze towards Bert and motioned him, with a tilt of her head, to join in the fun. "It's my first time Bert," she said as he approached her. "Julie and Linda might be able to take you up there but I don't know if I'm ready for it yet. Fancy a blow job?"

He moved into position and knelt in front of her, his cock sticking out majestically while his balls moved dangerously close to Paul's face, still coated in Shirley's juices. She licked the can of beans greedily, running her tongue up and down its massive girth before tickling his pee-hole, causing a passionate growl of delight to emit from his mouth.

"Jesus fuck!" he managed to utter, "are going to swallow me whole again?"

"I'll try," she told him in a sensuous slur; "if you don't try to break my fucking jaw!" she finished with a thrill, and a hint of humour, in her voice. She then gave him a taste of what he was about to receive as she opened her mouth as wide as she could and put the first few inches inside of her.

"Fuck you're good!" was all that he managed to whisper before she withdrew, her saliva creating a link between her mouth and his penis like an umbilical cord. She licked her lips, causing the connection to be broken, and turned her attention to the last man on the couch.

"Tom?"

"Uh uh?"

"Do you want to fuck my arse?"

"Hold me back!" he answered jokingly and, seconds later, his cock had taken up its position.
