 Shirley went on to explain, "Linda has two bedrooms, both with king-sized beds. What are in the jars are our six names. We pick the pieces of paper at random and..."

"...and," Julie interrupted to further elaborate, "We have two threesomes until the morning."

"Cool!" hissed Paul

"But!" Julie went on further, "no same sex trios ok?"

"That means...?" Tom sought clarification, "MMF and FFM?"

"You've got it in one pal," Shirley agreed and then added, "Why don't we all stand up and go to the end of the table?" Everyone agreed silently and, by doing as they were instructed, they left the table empty but there were three vacant chairs on each side. Who was going to fill those chairs, one representing Linda's bedroom, the others greeting the large bed in her guest-room?

The selection was about to begin, the games weren't over yet. They had all enjoyed the start of the weekend but there was still Sunday to explore and, if you haven't got it yet, that wouldn't involve going to church together!

Linda was the first to dip her hand into the last remaining jar. She unravelled the piece of paper and read the name that was written on it out loud, "In my bedroom, we have...Bert!"

He took his place on one side of the table and reached out for the second name, the first to be allocated to the guest bedroom. With great aplomb he announced who was not going to be sleeping with him, "its Tom!" 

He duly took his place at the table, opposite Bert and foraged into the naughty jar to see who would be joining Bert in the main bedroom. It was Linda.

"Yippee!" she cried much to Bert's amusement.

"Yippee?" he queried.

"Well at least I get to sleep in my own bed," Linda countered.

"Sleep? What's fucking sleep got to do with it?" he asked sarcastically with a huge grin on his face. This was rewarded with a hefty blow to his ribs from Linda's elbow as she took the seat beside him.

"Just watch it pal or there will be a distinct lack of pussy coming in your direction! Sleep," she added, "is when I keep my legs pressed tight together!"

The banter continued until Linda was reminded that she had to pick the next name from the jar in front of her. She rummaged, theatrically, and brought out the next piece of paper. 

"Well, who is it?" asked Julie expectantly as Linda took her time in unravelling the scrap in her hand.

"Joining Tom in the other bedroom tonight is..." It was as if she were waiting for a drum-roll to appear out of no-where, "...is..."

"Oh come fucking on!" Shirley squealed in frustration, her body bobbing up and down, causing her breasts to become a major Health & Safety issue as they threatened to give her an upper cut of tremendous proportions. The men didn't seem to be in much of a hurry as they revelled in the titillating (if you will excuse the pun) display being acted out in front of them.

Linda put them all out of their curiosity as she, finally, named Tom's bed-mate, "Paul!"

He gleefully joined his pal at the table, giving a high-five as they came together, and breathed a sigh of lust that the guessing game was almost over. It was now his pick that would settle the arrangements for the night to come. There was Bert and Linda, Tom and himself, but who was to join them? Who was going to be their fuck-buddy in the threesomes that were to follow; Shirley or Julie?

As his hand went into the jar he looked around at Tom as if to say, "Who do you want?" All he got was a vacant shrug of the shoulders which he interpreted as a four word answer.

"Who gives a fuck?"  

Thus reassured, Paul swiftly picked the penultimate name out of the jar and, unlike Linda, immediately announced that Bert and Linda would be joined by his girlfriend Shirley and that Tom and he would have the carnal pleasure of Julie to spend the night with.

The last two naked women took their respective places at the table. Glasses refilled, they all toasted each other with certain wickedness in their eyes.

"Good luck everyone," Linda was the first to raise her glass, "and good fucking!" she added before taking a quaff from her wine.

"Yeah," they all agreed before replying to the toast, "Here's to good fucking!"

Several drinks later, and a fair amount of fondling between the two trios, Linda was the first to announce that she was going upstairs to her bedroom. "Anyone care to join me?" she asked seductively as she gave Bert a gentle squeeze on his thick tin of beans which was trying to get hard but, unfortunately, was failing. Linda read the sign so well and she immediately turned to her other bed-mate for the evening and reached out her hand as an invitation. Unfortunately, or should that mean deliberately, her hand fell on the sensitive right-hand boob of Shirley's impressive bosom and she felt the nipple harden.

"I'm with you," Shirley said as she rose from the table, "and him!" she cheekily jerked her thumb towards the knackered Bert.

"Let's go then," Tom contributed as he also rose from his chair and offered his hand for Julie to accompany him, which she took eagerly. Paul wasn't far behind and both men took a bum cheek in each hand and mangled her lovely butt as they guided Julie towards the door.

Just before they left the room Paul turned round and gazed into his girlfriend's eyes and asked the question silently. "Are you ok with this?"

She nodded. That was all, she nodded.

The brace of threesomes then wound their way upstairs towards their respective bedrooms. Tom couldn't resist one last act of bravado as he made Julie kneel on the first step and slipped inside her, albeit without the hardest of erections, and started to fuck her slowly. After a few thrusts they managed to make it onto the second step, then the third, and so on. They were doing rather well, encouraged with some raucous comments from the others, until they reached the top landing when Tom slipped out of the hot vagina in his attempt to stand up.

"Can't get it up anymore?" Linda wheezed brazenly as she witnessed the scene from below.

"Just you wait and see," Tom retorted although a brief glimpse down at his flaccid member confirmed Linda's suspicion. He simply grinned and looked back at Linda before repeating, "Just you wait and see."

It was at that point that everybody said "Good-night" to the others and they all made their way, wearily, to their respective rooms. Moments later they were all prostrate in the large king-sized beds and more fondling, and groping, was taking place. All, alas, with the same result as Linda found out. She whispered something lewd into Bert's ear and was greeted with the soft purring of a gentle snore.

She repeated her suggestion, only this time; the snoring had turned into a duet with Shirley accompanying Bert with the sweet sound of slumber.

A similar story had taken place in the guest room and Julie soon found herself lodged between two sleeping hulks that had succumbed to the eyes of Morpheus and were blissfully asleep.

"Fuck it!" were the last tender words that she remembered saying before, she too, nuzzled up and drifted off to the land of dreams.

The saying was never truer, "The spirit was willing but the body was weak" or, in this case, bodies. The hours drifted by and it was the thin light that announced dawn before anything would change and the fun could recommence.

* * * * *

Linda was the first to rouse. She stretched and stretched, her hand brushing against the naked torso of Bert by her side with the duvet having been discarded at some point during the night leaving only the thin sheet to cover their bodies. It had been a hot and humid few hours and the skimpy material left nothing to the imagination as to what was underneath it. The women were, unashamedly, topless and, as Linda became more awake, she glanced over and gazed in appreciation at the wonderfully large, and firm, breasts of her co-fucker who lay on her side facing, sightlessly, towards the couple beside her.

"Christ," Linda thought, "I wish mine were as beautiful as hers." A thought that she held onto momentarily before her natural instinct changed the direction of her eyes down to where the thin covering clearly showed the outline of something far more interesting.

The sheet had managed to form a perfect condom around Bert's impressive prick which, like its owner, seemed to be in a state of slumber. Linda grinned wickedly as her hand sneaked down under the flimsy covering and teased it to one side revealing, bit by bit, more of the flesh that she so desired. "Only not in this state!" she grinned silently to herself as, with one finger after another, she traced up and down the shaft watching it grow as she did so. With a quick glance up to ensure that the sleeping Bert was just that, sleeping, she returned to her administrations and was rewarded by the sight of a slumbering giant come to life.

Linda was usually randy in the morning, with or without a partner, but this dawn she was extraordinarily horny. Two more checks she made; the first to see that Bert was still in the Land of Nod, the second to confirm that the myth about morning erections was true. She was right on both counts and swiftly, but gently, rose from her prostrate position and knelt above Bert, her thighs on either side of his torso, her wet pussy directly above the object of her desires.

With her right hand she raised the thick phallus to its proper fucking angle and, with a sigh of pure lust she lowered herself upon it, gasping in delight as she did so. Now Linda had enjoyed Bert's cock up her many times but always with caution to begin with; this was to be no exception as she gingerly invited the mammoth cock into her sopping pussy. The pleasure that she received was immediate, her horniness ensured that, and she started to grind, slowly at first, on her sleeping fuck-pole.

Linda increased her momentum, pleasure assured with every stroke, until she felt Bert respond. She looked down upon him and saw the first sign of life and felt his contribution to the early morning fucking.

Bert had, indeed, come awake and with such joy. He was being fucked.

Linda bounced up and down with more abandon, now that she had her lover's attention. She knew that Bert would be looking at her tits as they flailed from side to side and she made no excuse for flaunting herself at that. Instead she leant forward so that her boobs slapped together in a fashion that simulated a seal clapping!

The fucking continued; the fucking increased.

The gyrations of the both of them was enough to wake the dead, let alone Shirley, as she gradually came to life beside the copulating couple. The first sight that she saw, through sleepy eyes, was the fantastic vision of the impressive tits applauding the pounding that Linda was receiving from Bert.

"Good morning," Shirley said in a seductive voice. "Started without me?" she then asked pointlessly as she watched Linda in rapture.

"Oh fuck!" Linda hissed, "I'm fucking cumming again!"

"Again?" asked Shirley as she knelt up from her sleeping position.

Linda glanced across at the awakening woman by her side and repeated herself, "I'm fucking cumming again and..." she froze for a few seconds as the orgasm spread throughout her body, "...and it just gets better and better!" she managed to say in a raspy voice as she bore down hard on the thick boner inside her.

Shirley took the opportunity to sidle up towards Bert, her right hand going towards his torso, and she leant forward to give him a sensuous kiss on his lips, revelling in the tickly sensation that she got from his unshaven face. 

Her fondling fingers headed further south down his abdomen until she felt the heat coming from Linda's throbbing pussy as she thrust her groin against Bert's pelvic bone, further increasing the pleasure that she was receiving by the early morning fucking.

Shirley's fingers ventured further until she was able to feel the delicate button of desire between Linda's legs and she probed the sticky flesh, trying to discover how to enhance the experience of eroticism that Linda was in the thralls of. She played with Linda's clitoris, firstly rubbing it gently in a circular motion then guided her fingers to the right and left. That was when she found Linda's erogenous soft spot, slightly to the side of her love bud, and she used her fingers more vigorously to ensure that even more pleasure came Linda's way.

"Oh fuck yes!" was the response from Linda as yet another orgasm convulsed her and she increased her attack on the can of beans with gusto!

The smell of sex was all too evident and it engulfed the bedroom. All were aware of it, the sweet smelling, and slightly fishy stench, of unwashed, and well fucked, pussies pervaded the air about them.

Shirley, recognising the aroma, put three fingers of her left hand into her vagina and soaked them with her juices. She played with herself for a moment, enjoying the fornication in front of her, before pulling her hand up to her face; her nose actually. Taking a deep sniff at her own scent, that seemed to have come from the sea, she offered her sodden fingers under Bert's nostrils.

"What do you think Bert?" she asked with a twinkle in her eye, "Cod or Haddock?"

He inhaled the fishy odour that was proffered to him and, without a pause in his copulation of Linda, announced, "Trout!"

He opened his lips so that Shirley could stuff her fingers inside of him, giving Bert a true taste of the ocean, and he sucked the liquid off as if he had a mini cock in his mouth.

"Rainbow Trout," he declared as he added, "and I love Rainbow Trout!"

"Well feast on this!" Shirley said as she put her legs over Bert's face and scrunched herself down on his eager mouth, her sodden cunt desperate for some attention. He breathed in the exotic aroma of her juices, aroused even further, as he continued to fuck Linda. On the downside he was denied the sight of seeing Linda's slapping tits; on the upside he had Shirley's smelly cunt in his face as she shifted her position so that Bert could change from licking her clit to her pussy.

He soon found himself with his tongue slipping in and out of Shirley's wet, and slightly odious, cunt. The aroma was so erotic! This was compounded by the posture that Shirley had changed to. She had pushed her body forward an inch or two so that Bert's nose now had no option other than to nuzzle into her sweaty arse.

She pressed down hard and his nose threatened to break through her sphincter as fluid, after fluid, escaped from her cunt and he no choice but to swallow the sweet juice; either that or drown!

Linda continued her increased bouncing and she lifted her head higher, stopping the seal-like slapping, and showed off to Shirley what her boobs could do as they tried to reach the ceiling with one motion, and attempted to hit Bert's belly with the next. She was having a ball, literally, as she felt the impending orgasm approaching.

"Shit!" she squealed, "this is going to be a big one!" and she upped her tempo once more. Linda didn't stop this time, as she sometimes does to savour the cock inside of her as she orgasmed, instead she continued to bounce up and down with frenetic energy as Shirley watched in fascination at the convulsive gyrations of a woman lost in ecstasy, her fingers still adding to the excitement as she continued to rub Linda's erogenous button, only now with more vigour.

"Oh fuck yes!" Linda finally screamed as her world misted over in the throes of rapture. She carried on impaling herself on Bert for what seemed like forever but, eventually, she couldn't continue and she had to stop, the feeling being so strong. She tried to squeeze the monster cock inside of her but her vaginal muscles refused to work and she collapsed onto his torso, forcing Shirley's fingers away from her so, so, sensitive clitoris.

Seconds later she collapsed to one side, forcing Bert's cock to breathe fresh air as it was crudely removed from the heat that it had been enjoying. Linda lay on her back, trying to get her breath back, all the time panting in a lustful, post-orgasmic, sensation of well being.

Shirley looked down at the, still convulsing, Linda and admired the perspiring skin that was on display. This admiration didn't last long as her eyes were attracted to the huge, erect, knob that had slapped onto Bert's torso, its impressive thickness coated with Linda's vaginal slime. She slid forward, allowing Bert to inhale once more, and moved her own aching vagina down Bert's body, leaving a trail of her own juices all the way as she edged nearer, and nearer, to her goal. 

Bert's chest was soon soaking as Shirley headed south, her emissions leaving their mark in a straight line as she crawled down until she reached her target. Grabbing hold of Bert's shaft, she positioned it at its optimum angle and slowly sat down on top of it. The greasy pole slid up her surprisingly easily and she wasted no time in getting into her rhythm and she gasped as she realised what was inside her.

Her position meant that Bert got to enjoy the view of her rear end. His cock had stretched her pussy to an improbable size and it had the added advantage of spreading her butt-cheeks apart as well, giving him an uninterrupted vista of her twinkling brown hole as she waggled her ass in a sexual frenzy.

Linda, in the meantime, was starting to regain her senses and she realised that there was another bodily function that she had to do; she needed a pee! Before she went she allowed herself another glimpse of the sweaty couple by her side and sighed as she tried to imagine what feelings of bliss that they both must be feeling, especially Shirley, as she drilled herself down on the same cock that had brought Linda to ecstasy.

Unable to hold the urge any longer Linda managed, somehow or another, to hoist herself up and swung her legs around until they felt terra firma. Bert's spectacle was disrupted at her movement and he glanced over in trepidation. "Ok?" he asked with a nod of his head.

Linda smiled back at him and, for an answer, pointed towards the en-suite bathroom.

He understood immediately and returned his gaze to the wonderful sight of his cock appearing, and disappearing, up Shirley's wet and extremely tight pussy, augmented by the fact that she was showing off her butthole as he fucked her.

"I'll be back in a minute." Linda stated as she walked round the base of the bed pausing, only for a moment, to squeeze Shirley's impressive mammary glands with a twinge of envy.

"God, they're so fucking beautiful," she murmured as she caressed them, heightening Shirley's own sexual bliss.

Reluctantly, due to the call of nature, that was as far as Linda could manage and she swiftly headed towards the bathroom, taking only one backward glance at the sensual sight behind her. Once she had flushed away her liquid waste, and was enjoying the bliss of the bidet, she managed to hear the screams and squeals of debauchery, but it wasn't coming from Shirley and Bert. Rapidly she dried herself off and left the confines of the small room. With a cursory glance to the ecstatic couple on her bed, she made herself scarce, out onto the hall and towards the guest bedroom. The door was unclosed, why would it not be, and Linda pushed the wooden partition slightly more ajar to let her get a better vision as to what was causing all the noise.

The sight that greeted her was well worth the subterfuge as she was treated to the sight of Julie being given a right good spit-roast!

Both Tom and Paul were kneeling upright with Julie knelt in doggy fashion between them; one cock buried up to its hilt in her cunt as she sloppily sucked on the other one. The "other one" belonged to Paul and he held his head up towards the ceiling, his eyes closed, as he enjoyed the beauty of Julie's cock-sucking talents. Tom, in the meantime, was thrusting his long dick into the receptive pussy that was being offered to him.
