 When I woke again it was because she was slipping out of my arms and off the bed. I lay still, eyes closed, and could hear she was heading for the bathroom. I needed a trip too, so I figured I'd go when I heard her coming back. But in a few moments I heard water, and realized she was going to take a shower. I must admit, I felt a little left out, but I sure wasn't going to miss out!

When I got to the bathroom the shower door was already closed, so I relieved myself first, then slid the door open a crack. She hadn't heard me, and was facing away, busily lathering up, her hair already full of bubbles. I pushed the door farther, hoping to surprise her, but she saw the light change and turned her head, smiling when she saw me. She went back to washing, bending to do her legs, as I stepped in behind her. I ran my hands over her small ass, nicely rounded in that position, and she gasped, then giggled, but went on with what she was doing. 

When she straightened up, I moved against her, putting both arms around her body, one tightly crossed just under her breasts, the other down so my hand was in the middle of her stomach. I pulled her tightly back against me in one motion, grinding my body against hers as my lips kissed and nipped at the back of her neck and her shoulders. She moaned and collapsed against me, totally surrendering to my touch. I whispered into her ear, "I missed you baby."

"I hoped you would, and come get me! This was a test!" she giggled. "But really, you were sleeping so soundly I decided to let you get some rest." She giggled again, "After all, I'm planning on keeping you up most of the night!" 

Mmmmmmmmmmm, I liked the sound of that! And she already had me up, as she could tell from my cock pressing against her ass. I continued kissing and nipping, and when one of my hands slid to lightly cup her breast and the other her pussy, she moaned and pressed back against me, rolling her ass against my cock. My hands slowly kneaded her, and my fingertips teased the opening of her pussy, threatening to slip in each time they squeezed. In response, she thrust against them trying to capture them. 

When I relented and let the tips very slowly slide in, she turned her head and kissed me. Then gasped, "Please, more!"

I pulled her harder against me and slowly slid two fingers into her, discovering she was already sopping wet. She gasped and moaned and rolled her hips, thrusting against my hand until the fingers were buried inside her. And when my other hand lightly grasped her nipple she shuddered, her legs almost bucking at the sudden sensation. But instead of pulling back, she arched to my hand, silently begging for more. 

My fingers were sliding in and out of her, and her hips were rolling in time with them, her juices now running down over my hand before being washed away by the hot steamy shower. She began to whimper softly and I knew need was overcoming her. When I turned her around and pulled her against me, my tongue going deep into her mouth as my lips ground on hers, I felt her hand grasp my cock and begin to stroke me hard. "Are we clean enough yet?" I whispered into her ear. 

"Oh FUCK baby, take me to bed!"

Good answer. I grabbed a couple of towels and we got a little of the water off, and then I grabbed her, lifting her off her feet and practically running for the bedroom with her clinging to me, squealing and giggling. I stopped short at the end of the bed and just let her go, her momentum sliding her halfway up the bed with a screech of laughter. 

I jumped on the foot of the bed and threw myself between her legs, pushing them wide apart. My hands slid under her ass and lifted it as I buried my face in her. She squealed again in surprise, but sat up enough to put both hands on my head, pushing me down. I squeezed her firm cheeks in my hands as I rammed my tongue into her cunt, finding it brimful with creamy juices, and I slurped them up, getting my face coated in the process. 

She was rolling her hips, grinding her pussy into my face, and grunting with every upward thrust. But when I ran my tongue up between her swollen lips and found her clit she suddenly growled and locked her legs around my head. With every suck of my lips and lap of my tongue her grip got tighter, and I realized I might have to eat my way out. 

I slid my hands up her body and found her breasts, cautiously grasping her rock hard nipples, and I began to squeeze and rub. Her growls and grunts suddenly became little gasps and high pitched cries, and, afraid I might hurt her, I lessened the pressure of my fingers. But a second later, her hands were over mine, and her fingers squeezed my own against her, telling me she didn't want me to stop. She wanted more!

The tight grip of her legs around my head was making it hard to breathe, but as I lapped and sucked and nipped at her hard bud and my fingers massaged her nips her cries increased in both frequency and pitch, and she was panting. Her hips were now bucking and jerking unevenly. She took a long deep breath, and her legs suddenly clenched even tighter, her ass lifting off the bed, and I thought I might drown as she came with something between a scream and a growl, her cum gushing over her pussy and my face. 

When she finally relaxed I pulled myself free, gasping for breath, my entire face wet with her creamy cum. But her smell, her taste, her sounds and her intense orgasm had me had me totally aroused. I pushed up on my knees and was about to bury my cock in her, but when she opened her eyes and saw me, she flipped over, pulling her knees under her and pushed her ass in the air. 

"Now!" she growled. "Fuck me! Oh God, fuck me like an animal!"

She didn't have to ask twice. I grabbed her hips hard enough to add some fresh bruises, and when I rammed myself to the hilt in her she shrieked, but in the next second, rammed herself back against me just as hard. I skipped slow medium and fast and just started pounding into her, her body and the entire bed shaking and rocking in time with my thrusts. Her hands held balls of sheet, and she used them for leverage, ramming herself back onto me. 

Between her squeals and screams and my grunts and growls, the bed creaking and groaning, and most of all, the gunshot-like reports of our bodies slapping together, the noise in the room was almost deafening. We ignored the glass full of water that fell off the nightstand, and the picture that fell from the wall above the headboard, and hardly noticed the bedlam, we were so focused on fucking each other to death. Only when I snarled and moved my hands to her shoulders, yanking her back against me one final time as I slammed my cock into her and ground against her hard ass, gasping and panting, did we realize the amount of noise, because of the sudden relative quiet. But in half a second it started again as she came gushing onto my cock, and we both began moaning and crying as we bucked against each other, my cum filling her more with every spurt. 

By the time we had both stopped moving, except for the heaving of our chests, my arms and legs were shaking, and I collapsed on the bed, taking her with me as I fell. We both ended up on our backs, side by side, gasping for breath and staring at the ceiling for several minutes. I put my hand over hers and said, "Baby, I'm gonna be sore." 

She clasped my hand in hers and said, "My nipples are a little sore already." We were still for a couple of more minutes, and then she whispered, "Would you suck them for me?"

I understood, I knew exactly what she wanted. I rolled over to her and kissed her softly, then lowered my head to her breast. I realized I had never seen her nipple that soft before, the reddish color now a much softer pink. Making sure my lips were dripping wet I gently opened my mouth and covered the entire nipple, not just the tip. I sucked softly as my tongue made very light, very wet circles, barely touching the tender nub. I felt her harden in my mouth, and closed my lips around the tip, but only with very slight pressure. I moved my head slowly up and down, slippery wet lips gently massaging. 

She had been tense, afraid of the sensitivity, but she relaxed with a little moan and a sigh, her back arching just a bit in spite of herself as she enjoyed the sensation. She rested a hand lightly on the back of my head, and soon she was almost purring. It felt so good for both of us I almost didn't want to move, but I shifted my mouth to the other breast and repeated the treatment. "Oh baby," she softly gasped. 

When she had finally had enough her hand pressed down a little and stopped me. I opened my eyes and looked at her and the smile told me what she needed. My lips shifted to hers for a long, tender kiss. I lay back down beside her and reached over, running a hand over her body. She shuddered and rolled a little bit towards me with a big smile and leaned down and whispered in my ear, "Did you know that what you did to my breasts got my pussy all wet again?" And she giggled as she reached down and touched herself between her legs, then brought her finger to my mouth. I licked it and savored her sweet taste, with a little seasoning of my own more pungent flavor. 

"Did you know that sucking your breasts got my cock hard again?" I said with an impish smile. She looked down and sucked in her breath when she saw it standing straight up. 

As I reached between her legs and started stroking her she reached over and gently took my cock in her hand, running it slowly the length of my shaft. "Mmmmmmmmm" we moaned in unison. I quickly realized she was really soaking wet again, and she realized that no amount of stroking was going to get me much harder. 

She pushed herself up and quickly straddled me, almost nonchalantly slipping my cock into herself and sliding down my shaft all the way in one smooth motion. And she sat there on my hips, rolling back and forth on me and smiling at me as I smiled back. It felt so good neither of us wanted to change a thing, and for several minutes we didn't. She said, "You know Dan, I really love to fuck you! Every time we finish it's not long before I'm ready to go again and want more! I guess I really am your animal girlfriend!" And she giggled. 

My smile said, "How'd I get so lucky?" But I also knew, we both knew, that this had gone a ways beyond sheer lust now. 

She leaned forward, putting her hands on my chest, and started to rock back and forth, stroking my cock long and slow. I ran my hands up her arms and over her shoulders and playfully tousled her hair. In answer she giggled and started moving faster, slapping down lightly against my body. I started rolling my hips in time with her thrusts, and soon we were rocking together, gasping and grunting with every stroke. 

I pulled my legs up behind her, and took control, ramming my cock harder and faster into her and she moaned, rocking back and forth to meet my thrusts. Her eyes caught mine and she silently mouthed, "Fuck me!" 

I mimed back, "Yes, dear!" and with a laugh, put my hands on her head and pushed it down to my chest as I started pounding my cock into her. She moaned with every stroke and her forehead began sliding back and forth over my sweaty chest. And I watched as she reached back with one hand and started rubbing her clit. Her eyes glanced up at me again and she was gasping, panting, an almost desperate look in her eyes. 

Mindful that she'd said her nipples were sore, I reached with both hands and positioned them so that just the hard tips brushed against my palms. She jumped and her breath caught for a moment, but little by little she started to press into my hands. I could see her own hand moving harder and faster between her legs and I started pounding my cock against her, my legs slapping against her ass as she bucked back against me. She looked up at me again, biting her lip, and groaned out, "Ooooooooo, babyyyyyyy."

I slammed my cock into her several times, hard, then ground against her, and my fingertips gingerly pulled down on her nipples. She squealed and her eyes opened wide. She suddenly pushed up on her arms and I could see her shuddering as she clamped her eyes shut again, and she groaned and cried as her orgasm rolled through her. Her pussy was clamping down hard on my cock, and I clenched my teeth, trying not to give in. Her knees slowly slid back, and she ended up lying on my chest, panting and sobbing. I put my arms around her and covered her face with little kisses as she slowly calmed down. 

The tip of my hard cock was still inside her, but it was a minute or two before she noticed. It had gotten really late, and we had not given each other much rest. Despite what she had said, I knew we both needed a little sleep before work in the morning. But she moved a little against me and felt my hardness and suddenly looked at me and said, "Oh baby!" with a worried look on her face. I would have let it go, but she gathered herself up and quickly knelt by my hip, grasping my cock, still covered with her juices, and giving it a kiss. 

Her lips slid very slowly down my shaft, and I could feel her tongue licking me clean as she went. She continued to press until her lips were in my pubic hair, and she smiled up at me, my cock buried in her throat. I gasped and groaned as her throat contracted around me, trying to swallow me whole. She never blinked as she slowly lifted her head until she had just the tip between her lips, then sucked on it, tongue swirling and grinding. 

I moaned and writhed on the bed, the sensations almost too strong to endure, but the smile on her face told me how much she was enjoying it. Suddenly she rammed herself down on me again and began stroking fast up and down, her lips squeezing tight. My hips were rolling, trying to keep up with her, and I could only grab the sheet and grit my teeth. But she slid up again, and wrapped her fist around the base of my cock, now soaking wet with her saliva, and started pumping up and down as her lips and tongue continued to slide up and down the top. She went faster and faster, and in a matter of seconds my hips lifted from the bed, ramming my cock through her lips, and I gasped and shuddered and groaned as my cum burst forth in spurts into her mouth. My hips were bucking, and she continued to suck hard on the tip, milking the last drops from me. When I finally collapsed back onto the bed she lifted her head with a loud "Mmmmmmmmmm" and licked her lips with a big smile. 

When I held out my arms to her she almost dove into them, and we squeezed each other tight, kissing and rolling around on the bed. I made sure the alarm was set for the morning and quickly turned out the light as she snuggled against me. She whispered to me, "I'll call the girls in the morning and tell them we will be there tomorrow night."

I said, "Why don't you tell them they can go for a run with us after work, too? Maybe they'll feel a little more comfortable with us."

"Great idea Dan!" she said, and gave me a nice long kiss. "Good night baby, see you in the morning. Mmmmmm, I get to wake up with you!"

We shared a last good night kiss, and wrapped in each others arms, fell quickly asleep. 

Somehow I woke before the alarm went off and managed to slip out of the bed without waking Sharon. I made a pot of coffee, showered quickly and got as far as my underwear before I heard her stirring. I was so torn, not wanting to leave, but I knew we both had to continue with our daily lives. But when I saw her still-nude body as she sat up, looking at me, I almost totally lost my resolve. I went to her and wrapped her in my arms as she grabbed me and laid her head on my chest. "Don't go," she whispered. 

I gave her gentle kisses all over her face and shoulders then pressed my lips to hers. We moaned into each others mouths, desperate not to leave each other. But I sighed and took a deep breath, pushing back from her a little. I ran my fingers over her face as I told her, "Baby, you know we have to. And you know how good it will be when we're together again. And you know you're all I'm going to think of all day."

I got a little smile for that, and she kissed me again. "I know, lover," she said, it's just so hard. I'll call the girls this morning, then call you. Just please, answer the phone!"

I gave her another kiss and a little pat on the butt and said, "Go get your shower so I can see you again before I leave. I'm already thinking of how good tonight is going to be."

We finally got it together and I headed for my office, leaving her to get herself ready and go. Sure enough, the phone rang at 8:05 again. She had called the girls before she left the house, and giggled as she said they sounded relieved that she was all right. There was some hemming and hawing, but in the end the both said they'd join us for our afternoon run. And they sounded glad that we - or Sharon, at least - would be staying at their house that night. 

But there was absolute silence when Sharon finally broached the subject of allowing them to watch us make love once again, and not trying to hide. "I don't know what to think," she said. "I don't even know if they will be there or not, let alone come near us. But I told them it would be their only chance if they wanted some first hand knowledge. They're on notice that after tonight, our business is ours alone. But I did tell them what I should have long ago, that they are always free to ask me anything they need to know, and I'll tell them the truth. And baby, I hope you don't mind, but I told them they could ask you, too. Right now I haven't the vaguest idea what they'll do." 

Well I certainly didn't either. But I did know it had the makings of an interesting evening. And I'll admit to a chuckle or two during the day, when I thought about various scenarios for the evening. We each called once again during the day, including our entire lunch breaks on the phone, and it got a little easier as the day went on, knowing we would be together again, soon. 

I made record time getting home, getting my running gear on and gathering the things I'd need for the next day. I'd just made it to the parking lot, 10 minutes early, when my cell rang. I was amazed to realize it was Denise on the other end of the phone, telling me they were on the way and would "only" be a few minutes late. Sharon had made her call because she was driving. At least we had a pleasant conversation, so it seemed any tension had passed. 

A few minutes later, a car with two young men pulled in and parked a couple of spaces away from me, and I thought the driver looked familiar. When they got out I realized that the driver was Mark, the intern who I'd foisted my hastily completed folders off on. He was 24 and in his last year of grad school, and the other man resembled him but looked a little younger. When I got out to say hello, I learned that it was Brad, his younger brother, 21 and a college senior. Both were tall and thin, typical running addicts.

I told them I was just getting back into running and was waiting for my friends. It turned out they had both been running for quite a while, and Brad was on the college track team. They stretched a bit as we talked, until Sharon pulled in with the girls. When the three of them came over to me and Shari grabbed me for a long shameless kiss, the looks on Mark and Brad were priceless. With a grin, I introduced them all, my girlfriend and her two sisters. 

Then the obvious dawned on me. When I asked the guys if they'd like to join us, it took them about one second to say yes, after a quick look at each other. I warned them it would be slow for a while, until I turned back, and then they would be at the mercy of the girls, which brought a couple of grins.

We all did a little stretching and took off at "my" pace, and I went out a little over two miles before I stopped and gave Shari a little kiss before they went on their way. It was no surprise that the guys and her sisters had paired up almost instantly, and were chatting away so that they hardly noticed that Shari and I had stopped. I jogged easily back to the lot, had some water and it wasn't too long before I saw Shari's blonde head bobbing towards me. But no sign of the others. 
