 It was mostly a boring summer for Julie and Alex. They were best of friends third grade. Now that they were going into senior year at the age of eighteen, they had grown into having a group of friends to hang around with. The only thing Alex feared, was that most of these friends were guys, and he didn’t want Julie to feel left out or uncomfortable. This was far from how things would be.

The guys never did mind having Julie around. She was your basic tom boy when it came to being around the friends. She completely hated dresses and would only wear them when forced to. She was five foot four inches, and had a cute flat tummy aside from the little baby fat. Her legs were a little long, but the kakis and knee long shorts she wore kept her legs less revealing and attractive. Her c-cupped breast sometimes stood out in the shirts she wore, and on occasions her outfits would reveal the curves of her luscious hips. If this wasn’t enough to die for, her luscious and pouty lips that went along with her dark blue eyes and black long hair could also draw attention if she would let it down instead of through a ball cap in a pony-tail.

As for Alex, he had long brownish hair to his mid-back that was always in a pony-tail, and his deep sea eyes always were able to clearly show his emotions. He was about five foot nine with a medium toned body. He usually wore black, and never liked the idea of wearing ties or belts if he could help it.

Throughout freshman year, people would joke about Alex and Julie being a couple. They would soon be silenced after Julie intimidated them with her fists. Although she hid it well, she had grown slight feelings for Alex, but she didn’t want anyone to know, especially him. Little did she know he had similar feelings deep inside that he didn’t even realize fully. That would all soon change for them both.

The summer fair was occurring this week and the two had already gone out with their friends once. They had decided that they would go again, and try to win more games, as well as Julie’s goal to get Alex to ride all their rides. She knew that if they went today, she would have to be quick. Alex already forewarned her that he could only go for a couple of hours, and then he was going to hang out with the guys. He tried to explain to her already that she wouldn’t like it this time, because they were going to do serious guy things. She didn’t understand and was a bit upset, but still had her determination.

“Come on Alex! We only have four hours and you said you would at least try SOME of the rides!” exclaimed Julie while trying to make him hurry. She loved the rides, they were one of her favorite parts. She was wearing her kaki shorts and a black shirt that showed off her figure a bit, but not enough to get people to glance right away.

“I’m coming, I’m coming! I don’t see why you like these rides, Jules. They aren’t the safest you know. Every year they tear them down, and set them back up, all to do it over and over again,” sighed Alex. He knew his excuse was a lost attempt, but he still felt the need to inform her about this.

“And your point? Come on, at least three rides, or are you going to be more of a pussy than even me?” she taunted. Not wanting her to get him on this, he agreed. The two went on three rides and played various games to see who was better. On skill games they were evenly matched. Alex dominated the machine and coin pushing games, whereas Julie outmatched him in all the games of chance and guessing on the color.

“We have about forty-five minutes left, Jules. We better hurry before I go,” Alex implored. He knew she wouldn’t let him off easy, but as always, his hopes of her being tired and ready to go remained.

Julie smirked, replying with a comment that could only bring some argument. “Well, if you go now, I’ll have to go with you to the guys, won’t I?”

“Jules, I told you already. You won’t like it, trust me.”

“Tough, I’m going.”

Sighing, Alex asked, “Alright Jules, what do I have to do so you won’t go?”

“Are you trying to bribe me? Alright, let’s see. You have to go on the bungee with me.”

“What!? No way, Jules. You know I hate heights. That’s not fair at all.”

“Oh well. Guess I’m going. Or do I have to do something you want in order to go?”

Stammering for some way to win against her, Alex had to work on an idea that he strongly knew she wouldn’t do. Then it finally clicked, “You have to wear a dress or a lady-like skirt like a business woman, tomorrow. How’s that sound?”

“Fine. I’ll do it then,” agreed Julie. She knew that it wasn’t something she liked, but at the same time, she could just break the agreement tomorrow after all is said and done. Alex would forgive her anyway, he was nice like that.

As they left, Alex grew a bit worried that the guys would gross her out with their plans. They had planned on watching a few porn videos one of the guys found. He knew they would still watch it even if she was there, and he didn’t want her to think of them wrong. What he seriously feared though was that one of the guys might try to make a move on his best friend and she might get hurt and he wouldn’t be able to protect her.

By the time they got to the house, Alex had tried his hardest to not show his emotions, nor make eye to eye contact with Julie. She rang the doorbell and one of their friends, Bobby, answered. “Julie! I didn’t know you were coming. Woah, you are one wild chica.” Bobby stopped his rambling when he not only noticed Alex’s glares but the big glare he got from Julie for calling her a chica.

After letting them in, he led them downstairs to where everything was set up. The food was set on a big table in the middle, and all the guys were sitting on the couch, aside from one seat they left for Alex. They all were shocked to see Julie but offered her a seat next to them. “She sits with me,” said Alex with a light growl. The two shared the seat and Alex whispered into Julie’s ear. “Jules are you sure about this? We’re going to be watching porn, and I don’t want the guys to try to act funny on you. Aight? If they do, you tell me and I’ll kick some ass.”

“I can take care of myself,” snapped back Julie in a whisper. After a little silence, she whispered back, “Thank you though.”

Yelling out, Bobby called to Alex, “Yo, Lex! Will you go up and get us some soda. We won’t start without you.”

“Sure,” gestured Alex as he got up and went to the kitchen upstairs. While he was gone the guys seemed to have huddled and talked a little, as if setting up a plan. Julie watched them carefully, but couldn’t make out a word they said. As Alex returned, he tossed each one a can of soda and sat back down.

Just as he sat, the movie began. It showed three people, two girls and a guy talking in a kitchen. The girls were blonde and brunette while the guy was with short black hair. The guy left to the sound of a door bell, leaving the girls talking to each other. As they talked they grew closer. Her eyes widening, Julie couldn’t believe she was now watching the two girls kissing, gently the first time, but now more passionately. She tried to look away, but found something out a little interesting to her for a moment. Looking across the room to the other guys, she started to see bulges in their pants. Trailing her eyes around to where she was, she saw that even Alex was having a bulge, even though he tried to hide it from her.

By the time she looked up, there was another guy, also with black hair and all four were naked. The guys in the video were slowing stroking themselves while the brunette ate out the blonde’s pussy. Slowly moving in the guys began sucking on the woman’s large breasts. Julie watched as a slight heat grew along her crotch. She watched as the blonde started to suck off both the men, as if dying of thirst and wanting to suck anything from their cocks.

Soon she heard the men groan in the moving, coating the blonde’s face with white cum. Gasping softly so they guys couldn’t hear, she grew more into the movie. The brunette had moved up to lick the cum off of the girls face, then kiss her passionately. As their lips parted though, she could see that she was also spitting some of the cum into the woman’s mouth. As a few minutes passed, she began to feel the heat rise as one of the men was licking at the brunette’s pussy and the other licking at the brown rosebud of her ass.

Feeling her nipples hardening she shifted her shirt and position quietly so they wouldn’t be revealed to the guys. Looking around, she saw that none were paying attention to her, so she was relieved. Once she glanced back at the show though, her breath was taken in sharply by the view of a cock in the woman’s cunt and another in her ass while the blonde licked at both balls greedily. Unfortunately for Julie, one of the guys caught the sound, and it was all he needed for their plan.

“Man, this movie is intense. I can’t hold back anymore,” David said, as he unzipped his pants. Whipping out his cock, she slowly began to stroke it up and down while ‘watching’ the movie. Knowing that Julie’s eyes were watching him from the side, he lightly nudged his friend. She had taken their bait. Soon the other guys were also agreeing with David and whipping out their cocks to stroke, all but Alex. Alex could feel the bulge straining in his pants, but wouldn’t dare to do this in front of anyone, especially Julie.

As the movie intensified and the brunette’s screams were loudly heard as she climaxed, the guys all groaned and shot their cum off onto the carpet and their hands. It was then that David looked straight at Julie and remarked, “Like the show? Well trust me, we’ll be hard again in no time, but I don’t know if we can do it again. How about you help us.”

“Help you? How?” questioned Julie. She could feel that Alex was against this but she didn’t care.

“Well, why don’t you start with Bobby. All you gotta do is put your hand around his cock and jerk him off. Don’t go too slow but then again, don’t be too rough. Our cocks are sensitive too, ya’ know.” Nodding, Julie scooted over next to Bobby and put her hand on his semi hard cock. Instantly it sprang to life. She lightly grinned at feeling that she had the power to do this. Starting slowly, she jerked him off, gaining speed as she went. As she did this, all the other cocks sprang to life and Bobby began to pant heavy. Moving aside, Julie worked harder until Bobby came hard enough to shoot his wad right onto the TV.

“Nice one Julie. But you know who I think really needs it? I think Alex would love some assistance,” coyly remarked David.

Julie looked to Alex and could see that he wasn’t comfortable with the idea yet. Even if she was getting eager to see his cock under those pants, she respected his nerves and would wait on that. “No, but who’s next and what should I do?”

“Well,” remarked David, “You could do me or Nathan if you want to. But this time, why not suck us off like the girl was in the video?”

Julie grinned lightly, “No. Not unless we come to a deal.” They all looked at her curiously, awaiting her terms. “I’m fucking horny now so you have to please me in various ways too. In other words, to cum on me, you gotta do what I say. And IF I decide to let you cum in me, you gotta seriously be my bitch.”

The guys looked at each other and then agreed. As Julie stood up she looked over to Alex and walked to him. “You, however, will be the one that gets the most fun. Sorry boys, but I’ve known him the longest so he wins.” With that, she gently laid a passionate kiss on his nervous lips. She had finally realized her feelings for him were growing, but still wouldn’t say anything. All she would do is hold the kiss while she removed his pants and boxers, exposing his eight and a half long cock, longer than any of the others.

Stepping back, she removed her shirt and shorts, remaining in a black bra and black g-string panties. Taking off her bra, she looked at all the eyes locked on her. “Alright, for now, I want you all to rub your hands all over my body. Were ever you want, except for my pussy, got it?” Without needing any more explanation, the guys moved closer, rubbing her ass, her legs, stomach, and tits. Two hands, however, remained nervously rubbing her shoulders and neck. Turning her head, she saw that it was Alex. “Is he a virgin? I hope so, because I want him to take my pussy’s cherry before anyone else gets it,” she thought. Tilting her neck, she once again passionately kissed him.

After a few minutes of this, she looked at them all and gave her next order. “Alright, I’m going to lay in a position and here’s how it’s going to be done. Bobby, you get to have my tits to suck on. Nathan you get my other tit. David, you get to lick my asshole. And Alex is going to get to eat my pussy first.” Moving aside, she slipped off her g-string and stood beside the couch, spreading her long legs widely. One leg rested on the couch while the other was on the ground. She never thought she’d feel this way for a long time. What surprised her the most, though, was that even though she was being dominant, she felt a strong feminine side growing to overpower her tom-boyish attitude. Each man got into place after she positioned herself properly for them all to reach. Bobby and Nathan hungerly suckled on her nipples, leaving her to gently coo while watching them all. David licked and reamed at the rosebud of her ass, sending shivers down her spine. Slowly, Alex began licking at Julie’s trimmed pussy.

She wondered for a while if he would get better and start to really work her up, and shortly got her answer. His licks became more aggressive and wild on her pussy as he drove his tongue in to wiggle it around. Gradually, he found out where her clit was and how much it drove her wild. Once he found it, he focused entirely on it until she was brought to a climax. Even then he wanted more and continued until she has a few more.

As they all moved away, she sat down to regain her breath. Grinning she looked at the four. “Alright, time for my end of the bargain. Just know I still can tell you what to do, my bitches.” Grinning she waited for the first to come for his “reward”.

To Be Continued…