 Neighbor Lady Gangbang

It was the ultimate college party! In the front of the Kappa Sig house, there were people out on the lawn, drinking, talking, dancing and have a good time. Inside the house, more of the same was occurring with the addition of several hot sexual hookups in some of the rooms. In the back, people were gathered with clothing being optional. Quite simply, it was out of control and amazing! 

I was a nineteen year old freshman at USC, yet this party was taking place at Arizona State University and what had brought me to Phoenix for the weekend was a cute guy my friend Maggie had introduced to me on social media. We had been communicating for a few months and when he invited me to his fraternity house during his homecoming, Maggie and I decided to skip our Friday classes and make the six and a half hour road trip. 

When we arrived, Josh was a great host as he allowed us to freshen up in his bathroom. Maggie was 5'10 with a long lanky 125 pound build, brunette hair, a pretty face with brown eyes and tight round bubble butt that the guys go crazy over. I was a stark contrast with my dark blonde hair, my 5'6, more toned 120 pound figure with hazel eyes and 34C breasts. Our makeup was fresh, our clothes were changed, and our hair was curled. We both wore short dresses and strappy heels for the evening. 

It was such a good time as we were meeting so many people. As the night turned into early morning, I was drinking a peach sangria out of a solo cup while talking to Josh and a couple of his fraternity brothers when I spotted a lady walking up the driveway. She looked about 40 and was close to my height at 5'6 with shorter, reddish tinted, dyed hair. Dressed in her robe and slip-on shoes she approached our group and didn't seem very happy. 

"Hi. My name is Nancy. Could you tell me who is in charge of this party? I don't want to be rude because Lord knows I like to party, but my husband and I are watching our grandchildren tonight, and it is very late. Like I said, I don't want to be one of those people but it is the middle of the night."

Josh was the one in our group who spoke, "Hi Nancy. I'm Josh and this is Brittni, Brad, and Corey. Really, no one is in charge but if you want to see our chapter president, he is in the house somewhere. His name is Tom and he is about 6'4 with spiked dark hair. He is wearing a business suit. I'm sorry we are so loud."

Nancy responded, "Normally, I wouldn't mind but since we have our grandchildren, it is tough trying to keep them asleep. Thank you, I will go in and try to find him."

As Nancy walked up the large steps to enter the house, I asked Josh, "I been meaning to ask you. Why is he wearing a business suit to a frat party?" 

Josh informed me, "He is actually working downtown as a sales rep but since he is trying to get his masters, he stays here. Brian is working with him if you noticed another guy wearing a suit. They got off late from work and never changed clothes. We call him GQ Tom now. 

We went back to talking and drinking. At least 20 minutes had gone by and I was quickly transforming from tipsy to drunk. I needed to pee and headed toward the bathroom. While stepping over a passed out student down the hallway, I came upon the bathroom door. A drunk frat guy wearing a Sun Devil jersey was standing beside it with a huge grin on his face. 

I was confused as to what was so funny but when I walked into the bathroom, it all became evident. There was Brian sitting on closed-lid toilet, fully dressed with his zipper open and his cock sticking out of it. Nancy was on her feet with her legs spread but bent over, sucking Brian's 7 1/2 inch prick through his dress slacks. Behind her was Tom with his trousers bunched up at his feet, holding her hips and pounding her pussy with his 8 ½ inch thick cock. She was only wearing a nightshirt but it was pulled up over her breasts. He was fucking her so hard, the muscles in his tight ass were bulging, his balls were bouncing along with his floral necktie. Nancy's boobs were swinging like they were waving goodbye. 

Brian was moaning, Tom was grunting, and Nancy was humming with a mouth full of dick. I was drunk enough to not care as I was getting aroused by the sight before me. Tom's thighs were slapping the back of Nancy's as he continued abusing her pussy. Brian had his hand on the back of Nancy's head as it bobbed up and down on his manhood. 

While thrusting, Tom was grunting, "Take that shit! You want quiet? Let me see you stay quiet now! Ah, fuck! I haven't had cougar pussy in a long time!" 

Nancy could only mumble and hum while sucking, "Mmmm...uuuuhhhh...mmmmmm...uuhh...mmmmm...mmm!"

She had slobber running out of her mouth and down Brian's shaft as she sucked it. Even though she was enduring a pounding for the ages, she stayed locked onto his cock throughout all the jarring. Brian closed his eyes, trying to completely enjoy the head he was getting during Nancy's spit roast threesome. I was so wet watching it and there was no way I was going to leave. 

That is when I noticed Nancy's tramp stamp tattoo just above her ass. I got closer to read it and it was a gorgeous colorful heart where the bottom point was just at the top of her ass crack. The letters ONS was inside it and there was a picture of an eye to the left of the heart with the letters LO after the eye and an E after the heart. It took me a minute to decipher what it meant until it hit me. It read, "I Love heart-ons," which meant, "I love hard-ons," with the lower half of the heart representing the V in love. 

Judging by the way Nancy was letting out her muffled moans and the way she was sucking that dick, her tattoo was telling the truth. Just then, she clamped her lips tightly around Brian's dong and shuddered. I could tell she was having a powerful orgasm. Tom didn't care as he never stopped thrusting his love inside her. 

Just as Nancy started cumming again, Tom announced, "I'm gonna bust! Fuck...I'm gonna bust!"

Tom pulled his slimy big cock out of Nancy's pussy and began stroking it like a mad man, "Aughh! Shit! Aughhhhh! Yeahhh! Take it! Ohhhh fuck! Aughhhh! Aughhh!"

Tom unloaded spurt after spurt of thick cum all over her tramp stamp after the first shot landed half way up her back. He jerked and jerked until every part of her ink was covered except for the eye. It looked chunky and thick. 

When Tom's fist stopped flailing up and down his shaft, he looked over at me with his forehead sweating and his chest heaving while trying to catch his breath, "God damn. That was some good pussy. I think I gave her both nuts." 

She never stopped sucking Brian and Tom shuffled his restricted feet away from the scene with his belt buckle jingling, only to grab a towel from the sink and wipe his cock off before bending over and pulling his pants up. I'm not sure if it was the horniness I was feeling after witnessing such a scene or if it was the alcohol in my system or a combination of both but I walked over behind the bent over Nancy and circled my finger around in the pool of cum resting on her lower back. 

I brought that finger to my mouth and tasted it. It was warm and salty which I love. It was so fresh and looked so good I couldn't control myself from sampling it further. I squatted down and began to slurp the mess of spunk off her ass like I was tasting a hot cup of coffee. Once I started, I couldn't stop until every drop had been consumed. I swallowed as I slurped and when it was gone, it was my turn to comment to myself, "Mmmmm, that was good."

Tom shook his head, "Whoa and here I thought this party was going to be lame. Sluts all over the place." He then walked out of the bathroom. 

Nancy stopped sucking Brian and stood up. She turned around and looked me in the eyes before sitting down on his pole that was protruding from his opened zipper. She shimmied her ass just to get that extra sensation from being filled up. Brian had his legs together and straightened them while leaning his back against the toilet tank. Nancy had to lean forward to put her hands on his sloped knees while her cute toes barely touched the tiled floor. 

She began to bounce up and down on that cock. At first, her motion was more of a smooth, consistent pounce whereas it quickly turned into horny, reckless bouncing like a girl trying to win a twerking contest. Her voice quivered from the movement, "Oh my God! Ahhh! I'm going to cum on this fucking cock!"

Brian was leaning back with his arms relaxed to his side, allowing her to do her thing when she summoned me, "Come here dear. Give me your hand. Oh! I'm gonna..."

Not only did me holding her hand give her moral support, it gave her physical support because she was able to keep better balance while riding Brian's dick. Her ass would thud on his lap every time she crashed down. With one hard slam, she stopped moving and allowed her entire body to quake. She lifted her feet up like a cowboy at a rodeo. 

Nancy gurgled throughout her orgasm while her eyes rolled back into her head, "Ohhhhh! Ugghhhhhh! Yeeeeeasssssss!"

When she finished, she started bouncing again and within minutes Brian hollered, "I'm cummin! Uhhhh! Uhhh! Uhhh! Uhhh! Uhhhh!"

When I peeked around to the front to watch his shaft twitch as it unloaded up Nancy's canal, that is when I noticed her clit was pierced with a gorgeous diamond stud that matched her wedding ring. Brian must have been backed up because it seemed like he ejaculated for several seconds. After taking every drop of his seed, Nancy carefully climbed off his lap and stood facing me while holding her hand between her legs. 

"God, I can't resist these young 22 year old boys with their hard bodies and their big throbbing cocks. At least at my age I still call them boys," she chuckled. 

I knew if she had grandchildren, she had to be over 40 but she didn't look it as I asked, "How old are you?" 

She smiled, "Honey, I turned 60 this year. I do keep up my look by working out and plenty of skin care."

My eyes widened and my jaw dropped, "Wow! You look so much younger. I hope I look like you when I'm that age." 

She chuckled again, "Thank you honey." She turned and spoke to Brian who was still sitting on the toilet, recovering from his orgasm, "That was great baby, but do you mind? I need to use the bathroom."

Brian received the hint and zipped his softening cock back into his trousers before leaving the bathroom. Nancy locked the door, lifted the lid and sat down. As the pee trickled out, she continued our conversation, "Getting tag teamed by these guys made me cum so hard." The pee had stopped flowing and as she wiped, a large amount of semen was present on the toilet paper when she held it up and showed me, "And judging by this, the boys seemed to have enjoyed themselves just as much." 

I giggled, "I will admit, watching you get fucked was a turn on for me. Now, I will have to find Josh and fuck his brains out." 

"Knowing you were watching me fuck was a turn on for me. I love being an exhibitionist while getting pounded by more than one guy. Both of those are so my thing," revealed the satisfied Nancy.

I was still feeling great from all the drinks which enabled me to present Nancy with an idea, "Do you know what would be so cool? Let's make a porno! Tomorrow, you come back and I will see how many of these frat guys will participate. I will be in charge and set up a video camera while you get gangbanged. Is that something you would do?" 

Nancy thought for a moment then excitedly responded, "I like it. No, I love it! I can get my hubby to watch the grandkids for a few hours while I pop in. What should I wear? When should I come over?" 

I gave her a wicked grin, "You just come back around 9pm. Wear your sexiest high heels and leave the rest up to me."

Nancy slipped her robe and shoes back on and headed back to her home. With the scene I had just witnessed and the one I had planned still fresh in my head, I did just what I said I was going to do and took Josh into his room and first sucked his dick for quite a while until he blew his first load down my throat. This gave him tons of stamina for round two as he pounded that big dick in me from all different positions. We were up in his loft and just about brought it down before he rocked and grunted his seed in my pussy. I had five powerful orgasms during our session. I texted Maggie and told her that I was going to sleep in the room with Josh. 

The next morning while we enjoyed breakfast, I told Josh about the gangbang that I was going to video and at first he thought I was joking so he laughed about it. When I explained that I was serious, he was surprised but then thought it was hot. 

"I never knew you were so dirty. I think that is so fucking cool that you are," he marveled. 

Josh even offered to let me use his video recorder complete with tripod. When I called and informed Maggie of my plans, she loved it but was enamored with the guy she had met and said they were going out together for the evening. 

She laughed while on the phone, "I will watch the finished product." 

If we were to be ready in time, we needed to get things prepared. I went shopping to make sure we had everything we needed while Josh was busy rounding up as many guys as he could get to join the gangbang. My first stop was a lingerie store called Fascinations as I picked up some black knee high stockings with reinforced toes, a garter belt and a matching sexy cupless corset with crossing straps that cinched tightly. Nancy was 5'7 and I estimated her at 135 pounds with slightly bigger boobs than me so I felt I had chosen the right size. 

They also had the cutest sex novelty jewelry that I couldn't pass up. I bought a black choker necklace with the banner in the shape of a cock. There was a variety to choose from that read SLUT and MILF and WHORE but I chose GILF for Grandmas I'd Like to Fuck. Of course I also picked up the matching dangling penis earrings and rubber nipple clamps with fringe tassels which was also penis shaped. 

I debated with myself on whether to pick up a pair of panties and lube but to save money I justified to myself that Nancy would not need either because the panties would be quickly removed and after the first creampie, she would be totally lubed. Before I left the store, I changed mind just in case she liked anal so I purchased a bottle of "Easy In" lubrication oil. 

I was excited that the first store I had visited had everything I needed. When I got back to the Kappa Sig house, I was even more excited that Josh and gotten 21 guys to commit to star in our "adult movie" and the possibility of 6 more who were undecided. 

When he told me, I kissed him on the cheek, "You are the best." 

Josh went on to tell me, "Most of the guys are athletes and in particular from the football team. There is a mix but most of them are black. Will that matter to her?" 

I shrugged, "I wouldn't think so. You should have seen her in the bathroom. She was so into it and she, herself, said how she can't resist young, hard guys...or something like that." 

When he walked me down the spiral staircase into the main foyer area and I saw that he not only had a bed placed there, he also had one video camera set up on a tripod along with another hand-held camera sitting on the table, I gave him a huge thirty second make-out kiss. 

"This is great!" I thanked him. 

He went on to tell me that since the giant chandelier was hanging in the foyer, the lighting was perfect and there was more room for people to watch if they wanted. Josh was correct it was the best place for a gangbang porno. I was excited and ready. 

At around 7, we all started mixing drinks and having a good time. I got ready for the evening by dressing really slutty. I wore a mini skirt that barely covered my ass, a thong that was up inside my ass, a skin tight white top with no bra and 2 inch pointed pumps to match. I completed my outfit with large, silver hoop earrings and bright red lipstick. 

Guys that were going to participate began coming into the house. Some of these guys were huge so I knew they had to be the football players. There was a keg behind the bar located in the basement and guys and some girls began trickling up and down to get refills. The crowd continued to grow and as it got closer to 9 pm, I began to get nervous and having second thoughts about running the camera. I wanted to be more hands-on involved or maybe even joining in some capacity. 

I needed to get outside for a moment to clear my head. Nancy would be there soon and I needed some air. As I walked toward the door, Josh lowered his phone, "Guess what. Tree is coming. Now we will have a porno." 

I gave him puzzled look, "Who is Tree? Is that a person?" 

Josh laughed, "He plays tight end on the football team. He is so good that the experts predict he will be a first round draft pick in the NFL next season. He is dark black and his real name is Trey but his nickname is Tree. They call him Tree because supposedly he has this huge cock. It is supposed to be legendary, like 12 inches or something. I wouldn't mind seeing if the myth is true." 

I thought to myself before I walked out, "Oh my God, neither would I." 

As I stood out in the yard enjoying the amazing night air, a man was walking by who looked about 50 years old. I stopped him and we began chatting. He was friendly as he introduced himself as Bill and said he was staying in a hotel close by because he and his wife Lindy and their daughter were visiting the campus to see if she wanted to attend the following year. He was easy to speak with and I became brave and just blurted out what we were about to do.

He chuckled, "Are you serious...a gangbang? That is hot."

"Would you want to be my cameraman? That would free me up. I don't really have any money to give you but I can give you a great blowjob as payment," I asked before offering. 

"My wife and daughter went to the movies so...you know what...I will help you out. Where to?" Bill asked.

We went into the frat house and the crowd was starting to gather. After a glass of wine and showing him the room, the bed and the video camera, he tinkered with the angle and what would give off the best lighting. I thanked him so much and told him that Nancy would arrive any minute. 

Sure enough, a few minutes later, Nancy shows up looking like the hot gilf. I was hoping she would be. Her short hair style was a razored bob with graduated fringes. Her makeup was amazing and looked professionally done including lipstick that was a couple shades darker than mine. She walked in wearing a short black sleeveless cocktail dress and her black four inch spiked stilettos. When the click clack of them walking on the hard floor could be heard, all the guys' heads turned before a thunderous applause erupted. Nancy waved and blew a couple of kisses before disappearing with me into Josh's room. 

I smiled, "Are you ready?" 

Nancy winked, "Oh yea. I just got a little twitch in my pussy when they were all cheering. Are those the guys?" 

I responded, "A lot of them are and some are just here to watch and cheer you on. Are you ready to get dressed?"

I helped her slip off her dress up over her head and she wasn't wearing a bra or panties. I got her outfit out of the bag and she was pleased. I tied her corset around her mid-section causing her boobs to jet outward. She had to unstrap her heels so we could put on her stockings. I held the black nylon bottom section open and she would insert her toes as I slid them up her legs, careful to line the seams up straight and not put runs in them. They were held up by designer elastic at the tops. I helped buckle the straps of her high heels back over her nylon covered feet. With Nancy's pussy so smooth along with freshly manicured nails, I knew she had went to the salon in order to prepare for the evening. I then surprised her with the "jewelry" I had picked up. 
