 It had been a bad week, and I was ready to go out and cut loose. I was feeling a little slutty and dressed accordingly. I put on my black leather bustier, which shoved my tits up and put them well on display and I shrugged my leather jacket over the top. My leather mini skirt came to mid thigh and I added knee high spiked heels boots to complete my look.

I asked my husband, Brian, how I looked and he grabbed my ass and kissed me hard. I knew I had his approval. We headed out with no particular destination, just that we wanted to have some fun. As we passed a pool hall, I told Brian it looked like the perfect place to stop. He turned around and pulled into the parking lot. There were only a few cars there, but the music was jumping. 

We went in, ordered a couple of drinks and found an empty table. We sat down and were enjoying our drinks. The music was putting me in the mood to dance, but Brian wasn't really in the mood. I decided to just dance on my own. I don't know if it's the way I was dressed or the fact that I was dancing alone, but a couple of guys joined me. We were doing a little bit of dirty dancing and having some fun. Brian came out and danced a dance or two with me, then asked me if I felt like playing pool. 

We played a few games, each of us winning a couple of times. The guys that I had been dancing with were at the table next to us. They asked if we wanted to play against them. They said that the losers would buy the winners a round of shots. Brian and I were game and racked the balls. They easily took the first game. We bought shots for our opponents, Matt and Ed. 

We took the next game and I ordered my usual tequila shot. Matt and Ed were whooping it up as I did the shot without the salt and lime. I was loosening up a little bit and beginning to have some fun. I decided to play with the guys a little bit. With each shot I took, I made sure to bend a little bit more than necessary so they either got a good look at my tits or so that my skirt slid up a little bit more. Matt missed an easy shot, and we took the third game. Again, I did my tequila shot to more cheers.

When we started the fourth game, I bent over and my skirt rode up just enough to expose the bottom of my ass cheeks. Brian came up behind me and told me I was getting the guys excited and might want to think about what I was doing. I told him that I knew full well what I was doing and that he could enjoy the show if he liked. As he walked away, I sank another shot. With the next one, I asked Matt if he would help me line it up. He stood in front of me to show me where to hit the ball and I gave him a good look at my tits, while stretching a bit too much to make my skirt ride up further. Ed came up behind me and offered to help me. I could feel his bulge pressing into me and I was getting really turned on.

I looked over at Brian and saw the bulge in his pants. I think he liked the show more than he was letting on. I saw him put his hand to his crotch and start to rub. I missed the last shot and the game went to Matt and Ed. Another shot of tequila and I was feeling no pain. These guys had me so horny and ready for action. 

As we started the next game the owner, Wayne, locked the door. He said there wasn't much business so he was going to close up, but we were welcome to stay and keep playing if we wanted. He came over and sat near us, watching us play. As I continued my wiggling and jiggling, Matt and Ed couldn't make a shot if they had to. When it came time for them to do their shots, I told them they would be body shots and they'd have to lick them off my stomach. They eagerly agreed. Feeling their tongues on my skin set me on fire. 

They proposed a new challenge to me. They bet that I couldn't pick my husband's cock out of the four of them using only my mouth. This was one bet I was ready for. I asked what happened if I won. They said that they would each eat my pussy until I came. And if I lost? I would get fucked by whatever cock I mistakenly chose. I looked at Brian to see if he was game and he was already undoing his pants. 

Wayne went into the storeroom to find something to use as my blindfold. They put me on my knees and I was suck to each cock for two minutes, and then tell them what number my husband was. I was wet and we hadn't even started yet. The thought of four cocks in my mouth, combined with the sensation of the blindfold had me very worked up. 

The first man in my mouth was slightly larger than Brian, but definitely thicker. He stretched my mouth slightly, but I worked him as I quickly slid my mouth up and down, taking him all the way to the base. Soon I heard that the two minutes were up. The next man was in front of me and pushed into my mouth. I felt fairly certain this was Brian and the rhythm that he used to fuck my face made me even more certain. I sucked on him in a way that I knew Brian liked. The two minute time limit was up. The third man wasted no time in getting into my mouth. He was longer than Brian but not as thick. I was struggling to take him all the way in, but I did it. I had to work him slowly but he seemed to enjoy it. It was time for the last man. As soon as he started into my mouth, I knew for sure it wasn't Brian. He was very thick and quite long. There was no way I could take all of him into my mouth without gagging, but it sure was fun trying. I took him as deep as I could and worked hard on sucking him with gusto.

One of the guys announced that I had now sampled all of them and it was time to tell them which one was Brian. I knew he was number two, but the thought of getting fucked by number four was getting me even hotter. If I said number four, they would know I lied, but I didn't care. I wanted to fuck him.

I told them I knew without a doubt that number four was Brian. They all laughed and removed my blindfold. They told me it looked like I was getting fucked by Matt. I looked to Brian to see what he was thinking and he didn't give any indication that we weren't continuing. 

Matt picked me up and laid me on the pool table, then climbed up himself. He pushed my skirt up and then my legs as he slid into my wet pussy. Brian had no clue I had left the house without panties on and that I had shaved before we left as well. He just found out. He told me how hot I looked and climbed up on the pool table as well, mounting my face and giving me his cock to suck on. He fucked my face as Matt drove further and further into my pussy. He stretched me to what I had to believe was my limit. I wasn't sure he was all the way in, but he settled into a slow rhythm and each stroke sent jolts straight to my clit. 

I felt hands on each one of my tits. All five of us were on the pool table and every single one of them was giving attention to my body. I shivered with excitement and pleasure. I had my first orgasm just from the thought of having four men working on me.

I reached out and took hold of Wayne and Ed's cocks. They continued to work on my tits as I stroked them. Matt reached down and started to finger my clit as he stroked in and out of me. It felt so damn good. I worked Brian's cock faster, taking him as deep into my mouth as I could get him. I heard him say he was about come and I felt him spurt into my mouth. I swallowed as much as I could. He pulled out and shot the rest on my face. I licked off what I could reach with my tongue and Brian gave me a deep kiss. He whispered into my ear, "You are so fucking sexy." Ed quickly took Brian's place. He was not about to be left out. Brian stood by and watched as I worked on Ed and Matt continued to give my pussy one hell of a fucking. I had never had a man who could last this long and I was glad he could. I didn't know if I'd ever get a chance to have a cock like this again and I was going to enjoy it while I could. 

Wayne was still in my hand and getting impatient. He told Matt he needed to hurry up and come, because he wanted a chance to fuck me. Matt said he wasn't even close, but Wayne could take his turn. They changed places and Wayne slid in. Matt moved up to my tits and worked them while I furiously stroked his cock. Even in my hand he felt good. I felt him move one hand to my clit and he began to work it again. I came hard and gripped Wayne's cock with my pussy muscles. I moaned loudly as I came, bringing Ed to his limit. I pulled him out of my mouth and told him to come on my tits. He happily covered them with his come. Wayne followed suit and his come joined Ed's on my tits. I rubbed it into my skin, across my nipples and licked it off my fingers, much to the delight of everyone watching.

Matt was not done yet and I was ready to take more of him. He got on top of me, putting his cock into my mouth again and lowered his mouth over my pussy. The mere touch of his tongue to me made me shiver with delight. I had sucked four different cocks, but none of the guys had licked me. Nothing makes me come faster or gets me hornier than getting my pussy licked, and Matt was good at it. Brian knows just where to lick me, with what speed and how much pressure to use. He can make me come quickly. Matt wasn't familiar with my preferences, but he certainly tried. Brian began to guide him and tell him what I liked. Hearing my husband tell another man how to work my pussy was amazingly exciting. With Brian's help, Matt brought me to an incredible orgasm. I came hard and I was dripping wet. 

I told Matt to get on his back. I straddled him and slowly lowered myself onto him. I felt hands on me and looked up to see Brian guiding me and helping me to take Matt deeper and deeper in. I felt so amazingly full, I thought I'd come again. This different position was creating a different sensation. I slowly worked my way up and down his shaft, taking him as deep as I could. Brian came behind me and I could feel his cock pressing into my ass. He was rock hard. I thought I knew what he wanted and I was in such pleasure there was no way I was refusing him. He knelt in front of me and told me to suck his cock. I greedily took him in worked him to make sure he was good and hard. He asked me to get off Matt for a few seconds. As I did, he rubbed my clit quickly to get my wetness and spread it onto my ass and stroked some onto his cock. 

Brian told me to bend over so that I was almost lying on top of Matt. He fingered my ass, inserting his fingers in to loosen me up. He had fucked my ass before, so he knew how to get me loosened up. It didn't take as much tonight since I was already so horny. He slid into my ass and I heard him as he groaned, "You're so fucking tight. It feels so good." As he slid deeper into me I couldn't believe it could feel better, but each inch further he went in brought new sensations. The feeling of two cocks in me was one I had never experienced before, but was bringing me the most pleasure I had ever felt in my life. Brian said he could feel Matt's cock because I was so full. They were able to match their rhythm and it caused me to have another orgasm. This one the most intense I had ever felt. It caused both my pussy and ass to contract and tighten around both Matt and Brian. This was what they both needed. I could feel Brian grow larger and harder and I knew this was what happened when he was about to come. I climbed off both of them and grabbed both cocks into my hands, stroking hard and fast. They both came at the same time, shooting onto my face. I was exhausted and lay down on the pool table next to Matt with Brian on the other side of me. Wayne and Ed had apparently enjoyed the show since I saw them furiously stroking their cocks. Ed asked me if he could come on my face. Before I could answer he was on the pool table with Wayne following him right behind me. They both knelt near my head and unloaded onto my face. 

I was exhausted, sticky with come, but completely satisfied. I had just taken four cocks and fulfilled what I knew was my husband's greatest fantasy; to have me fucked by him and another man at the same time. I no longer felt any stress. Anytime I am having a bad day now, Brian asks me if I need to go play some pool.