 "Are you sure you really want to hang out today in my dorm room?" I asked my girlfriend Tonya, as we sat in her parents house watching television.

I knew today was Nude Day, being honored by all of the guys living in the dorm during the summer semester. Most of these guys had to go to summer school to improve their grades. We all agreed that anyone brought into the dorm would have to abide by the rules of the dorm, those rules meant being naked on Nude Day, removing all clothing upon entering.

Tonya and I had been dating for just over a year, having great sex almost every night. She was my kind of girl. She was nineteen, tall, blonde, had great tits, blue eyes and curves in all the right places. What I liked most about her was her kinkiness, she'd fuck or suck me anywhere, even in public settings with no fear of being seen or caught. We had a great sex life. We fucked in parks, parking lots, movie theaters, truck stops, bathrooms, camping, on hotel balconies, just about everywhere.

"I'd love to hang out with your friends today, it's way too hot to be outside today. The air conditioned dorm is a much better choice then even the beach I think," Tonya said.

"OK, but I have something I need to tell you. Today is a weird little Holiday, Nude Day, and all of the guys have agreed to be naked in the dorm for the day. Even visitors have to abide by the rules."

"I'm in!"

"Are you sure? These guys are like a pack of wolves, they'll be all over you."

"I can handle myself, it's you I'm worried about."

"What's that supposed to mean, Tonya?"

"You know exactly what it means, Josh. You're jealous when other guys check me out, even with my clothes on, yet you love to be daring in public. I don't get you I guess."

"I won't be jealous, I promise."

"I'm going to hold you to that!"

"Within limits," I thought I'd better add.

"No limits, not today."

"Now just what do you have in mind? I just plan on going to my room with you and hang out. Maybe watch a porno or something and fuck."

"That sounds like fun, let's go," she said, grabbing her car keys.

She hurried to her little Prius, starting the car, leaving the door open waiting for the air conditioner to kick in. It must have been 130 degrees inside the car. I stood outside the car until it cooled a little.

"Get in, a little heat won't kill you!"

"Fuck that, it's hot enough out here, it must be over 100 today already."

It was hot, the forecast saying the temperature would top out at about 110 degrees, with high humidity. That's the only thing I didn't like about living in Florida, the hot, muggy summer days. I finally slid into the passenger seat as the air blew on my face, still not cool, but better then outside.

"Do you need to call the boys at the dorm and let them know we're coming?"

"Hell no, I don't want to alert them. They'd all be waiting at the door for us if we did that!"

"What's so bad about that? Are you ashamed to bring me and have me strip naked in front of your friends?"

"A little," I said, really meaning it too.

I knew exactly what would happen if we called. They'd all be waiting for us and probably lock my dorm room door somehow so we'd have to stay in the common area to watch television. I loved these guys like brothers but didn't trust them.

"You better call anyway."

"OK, if you insist. But, I can't be held responsible for their actions."

I called and spoke to one of my friends, Todd, telling him that Tonya and I were on our way. He seemed excited and I knew he'd announce our impending arrival as soon as he got off the phone with me.

"You bastards better behave!" were my final words to Todd.

"You know us, we're good boys," he said, followed by a click as he hung up before I could say more.

"I don't trust those shits," I said, handing her cell phone back.

"Hey, I have an idea! Let's get naked in the car and run to the dorm that way!" Tonya said.

"I don't think that's such a good idea."

"This entire thing was your idea, tough shit."

"Women.." I said under my breath.

"What did you say?" she asked.

"Nothing sweetheart, I just said that I loved you as a woman."

"Right, sure you did."

As we pulled into the dorm parking lot I noticed just a few cars, meaning most of the guys were out. That was a good thing, the fewer, the better. I just wanted to sneak Tonya in and get her up to my room without too many guys seeing us.

Tonya placed the car in park and immediately began disrobing, first sliding out of her shorts, then slipping her top over her head. Her bra and panties were off in another second, leaving me fully clothed, sitting there staring at her.

"I thought we were going to wait to get naked inside?" I said sheepishly.

"No, YOU said inside, I didn't. I do have one question though, after you get undressed."

I clumsily and slowly got undressed too, now having the additional problem of a throbbing erection pointing skyward. I didn't want to walk, let alone run into the dorm looking like this.

"OK, what's your question?"

"What do I do with the car keys? I'm leaving all my clothes in the car."

"Just put them over the visor, nobody would steal a fucking Prius anyway."

"At least I have a car," Tonya answered sarcastically, opening the door.

I got out of the car, trying to make certain that I was the first one in the dorm, not her. Luckily, she stood waiting for me after she shut the car door. I joined her, taking her by the hand, my cock still pointed north.

"Need a little help with that thing?" she said as she wrapped her fingers around my throbbing member, bouncing it when she let go.

"Let's just get inside fast before anyone sees us out here."

At that, we trotted to the front steps, my cock slapped against my stomach with each stride. I noticed the curtains pulled aside with others inside watching for us. I turned the doorknob and pushed our way in, curling my arm around Tonya, guiding her as I slammed the door behind us.

We were greeted by a round of applause, six of the guys were standing there staring at us, they also were naked as agreed upon in our bylaws. All eyes were on Tonya, and her great big tits.

"Hi guys!" Tonya said with a huge smile, looking toward the crotch of each guy standing.

"Hi Tonya!" they said in unison.

"Damn boys, there's a few nice packages here," she said, looking from guy to guy. "Ready to go to your room Josh?"

"Ah, there's a bit of a problem with your room," my friend, Todd said with a smile.

"I knew it!" I said. "What the fuck is the problem?"

"Your room mate is kinda busy at the moment with his girlfriend. He asked us to give him some privacy," Todd said, still smirking.

"You fuckers, you know why we're here. We want privacy too. This isn't a peep show guys, go about your business!" I demanded.

"Don't be so mean to your friends Josh. It's not their fault. We can watch our movie down here in the rec-room can't we?"

"I guess we'll have to, but my movies are in my room."

"I have plenty you can choose from buddy, and we might even watch it with you," Todd said. 

"We were hoping to watch a porno or two. Do you have any?" she asked Todd.

"Fuck yes, take your pick from hundreds, I'll bring a few down."

Todd's cock was almost hard now as it bobbed as he ran upstairs, quickly returning with an armful of DVD's.

"Here you go," Todd said, dumping the lot on the coffee table. "Anything specific you're looking for?"

"Do you have anything with some group scenes? Maybe a gang-bang movie or two?" Tonya said, still checking out the packages my friends were equipped with. 

She really seemed to take notice to one of my friends who remained quiet but had the biggest cock. My friend Trevor had a horse cock, I bet that thing was a foot long hard and he was swelling already as he kept checking out Tonya.

"Fuck yes, gang-bang it is! Oh, the movie I mean," Todd corrected himself, surely hoping for the real thing.

"Never been in a gang-bang, slide it in. The movie I mean," Tonya said playfully, winking and shaking her tits from side to side.

Todd slid the movie into the DVD player as the guys scurried for position around the big screen. I guided Tonya to the couch, sitting to her right, making sure she was pushed up against the arm so nobody else could sit next to her. A couple other guys, including Todd and Trevor sat on the couch too, to my side away from her. The movie didn't waste any time building up to a sex scene as it opened with a women servicing three men, all black with huge cocks. Tonya's eyes were glued to the set as her hand settled on my thigh making my cock swell again. The porn queen on the screen was busy on her knees taking turns sucking the three huge cocks.

The other guys were busy switching between watching Tonya and the movie, all sporting growing erections as I had. Tonya's eyes were as large as saucers as she stared at the screen, little did she know that most of the other eyes in the room were watching her for her reactions. Her hand slid up my thigh, slowly making it's way to my balls, grazing them with the side of her hand. My cock twitched, reacting to her touch, catching her attention.

"Getting a little turned on are we?" Tonya whispered, but loud enough so the others could hear.

"Just a little."

"There's nothing little about what's growing in your lap. There's nothing little about any of your friends, especially Trevor."

Trevor sat with his legs spread wide, giving Tonya a full view of his big, thick cock. Trevor was trying to get her attention by slapping his cock against his leg. Damn, that thing looked like a sausage.

The lady in the movie repositioned, now straddling over one cock, guiding it into her pussy as she reached for the other two, taking one in her mouth as she stroked the other.

"How does she do that? She's very talented, I don't know if I could keep up with three guys at the same time."

"Of course you could, but you're not going to ever find out," I said, staking my claim to her.

Tonya's fingers found their way to my shaft, now grasping it firmly, stroking it slowly as she continued staring at the movie. You'd think it was her first porno or something. I figured it wouldn't hurt to give her a little action so I slid my hand into her crotch, sliding two fingers along her labia, her wet labia! She moaned as she gripped my cock firmer and turned her head toward the other two sitting on the couch, then back to the movie.

Every guy in the room was getting hard now, trying to get a better look at what I was doing to Tonya and what she was doing with me. Her shaved pussy was clearly visible for all to see as I sunk my fingers into it.

"Don't get any ideas you fuckers," I said. "This is for entertainment purposes only!"

"I wouldn't do anything I didn't want to do Josh, so relax," she said, reassuring me. "Why are you so fucking possessive?"

On the screen., a fourth man walked into the room, joining the other three. This guy was white but was no slouch in the size department either. Now there were four guys fucking the woman, one was getting into position to slide his cock into her ass, one was already in her pussy, the other two getting sucked and stroked as they molested her big, fake tits.

I inserted my fingers into Tonya's pussy, now slimy and sticky. I think she already came watching the movie. I leaned toward her, taking her ripe, firm bud of a nipple into my mouth as I continued finger fucking her. I nibbled on her nipples, knowing how she loved that.

"Oh my God, that feels so good. That women in the movie is so lucky, I wonder how it feels to have that many men want you?" Tonya panted, looking around the room. "I don't think I could concentrate enough to please them all, by I'd sure give it my best effort."

Most of the guys in the room were slowly stroking their cocks now as she watched.

"It's too bad your friends have to take care of their own cocks with a healthy, horny woman in the room," Tonya moaned. "If only you weren't so protective and jealous, maybe I could help them out a little."

"Hey girl, fuck him. If you want us, you can have us," Todd said as he stood and stepped in front of her, his raging erection near her face, twitching with every beat of his heart.

"Back off Todd!" I yelled, even though I was so turned on. "She's not a slut!"

"SHE will decide what SHE wants!" Tonya said as she reach for Todd's cock, pulling him toward her parted lips. "I hate it when you're bossy Josh. When you're like this I just want to do the opposite of what you want!"

Tonya slid Todd's cock into her mouth, a muffled moan came from deep within her as she vigorously jerked my cock up and down as her lips stretched around Todd's member. She then started plunging up and down on Todd's cock, each time dropping just a bit further until almost his entire seven inches were consumed. She continued jerking me off, paying special attention as her hand twisted around the head, making me come instantly.

My cock exploded, jetting a milky stream into the air as I grunted. I lifted my ass off the couch as I forced another jet upward, landing on my stomach. She kept milking me until my cock was emptied and sensitive to the touch. I slid off the couch in search of a towel to clean up with. I had that 'after' regret feeling happening and just wanted to clean up and get out of there.

"Nobody else touches my girl!" I claimed as I left the room to retrieve a towel from the bathroom.

When I returned, Tonya was bent over the couch still sucking Todd as Trevor fucked her from behind.

"Hey! Cut this out! Get the fuck away from her!" I shouted. "What the fuck are you doing?"

Tonya released Todd's cock just long enough to say "Fuck you, don't tell me what to do. Did you really expect a room full of guys to watch a porno and not get horny? It would be man not to help them out."

"Fuck all of you! Tonya, you slut!" I shouted, then ran up the stairs to my dorm room, finding it empty. As I expected. My room mate wasn't even in the building. I got dressed quickly and had planned on leaving but decided to watch from the top of the stairs to see just how far she would take this. 

"Come on guys, join in," I heard Tonya say between grunts, groans and moans.

She was back to sucking Todd's cock as Trevor continued driving his huge cock into her from behind. The other guys were all now around her, groping her tits and searching for a spot in this ongoing gang-bang. Todd's head was tilted back as he grunted, his hands forced her to deep throat him as he spewed. She gagged, Todd not letting her up for air as he emptied into her mouth, his cum oozing down her chin. Trevor continued pounding her from behind, pushing her onto Todd's cock until he finished cumming. Todd slid out from under her, then another buddy took his place. Instead of sucking his cock, she pulled away from Trevor and faced him, sitting down on Dave's average cock. Wait, it wasn't stuffed in her pussy, she stuffed it in her ass. She leaned back as Hank, another friend slid his fat, short cock into her pussy, making her shudder and scream in orgasm. Dave's hands covered her tits, squeezing them while she adjusted t the feeling of being filled completely.

With her holes filled, big Trevor stood on the couch, crouching over Tonya, inviting her to suck him. She greedily reached for him, stretching her lips around his huge tool. She couldn't stuff him completely in her mouth but was doing an admirable job, taking about half his length.

This was like a living porno movie. I sat on the top stair, watching, now becoming horny again instead of angry. I found myself stroking my cock as I watched quietly.

Two other friends stood to each of her sides as she stroked their cocks. Jim, a good friend of mine, sure had a nice cock. It wasn't as large as Trevor's but had to be a good nine inches, possibly thicker than Trevor's though. As soon as she wrapped her hands around his tool, her attention was alerted to him, as she focused on it, her eyes wide with excitement.

She pounded up and down milking my friends until each of them exploded inside her, their cum oozed from her pussy and ass, making a mess of the couch but looking very erotic.

"Cum in my mouth," she said to Todd as she lifted off the other two. 

She almost threw Trevor back onto the couch, leaning over him, then his cock disappeared into her mouth. Jim noticed the opening, surely planned by Tonya, and took position behind her, sliding the head of his thick stick between the folds of her pussy. She arched backward, anticipating his entry, then he drove into her. He wasn't the romantic type, slamming fully into her, slapping his big balls against her skin.

"Argg, Oh, it's so thick. Fuck me," came her muffled cry as she continued mouth-milking Trevor.

Jim pushed into her hard, slamming Trevor's cock deep into her throat, each time making her gag on his monster. Trevor's jaw clenched, his ass thrust off the couch, his fingers tangled in her hair as he erupted,now vigorously face fucking her.

"Ahhhhhh, Fuuuuuuck!"Trevor grunted as he unloaded in her mouth.

Tonya gagged as she grabbed his cock, stroking him. He came with such force that she couldn't possibly hold his cock in her mouth so she twisted and stroked his swollen monster as he spewed into the air. Another load shot from his cock like a ball from a cannon, into the air, splattering onto her tits, a thick trail smearing them with hot, sticky goo. Each eruption splattered her face and tits, coating her with his shinny, warm seed. His ass settled back into the couch and she looked for the one guy yet to get any action, Greg. He was bashful, waiting to be invited to join in on the action. She was still being pounded from behind by Jim, but he was nearing orgasm too as he rocked back and forth violently, slamming in and out. The veins protruded in his neck as his jaw clenched.

As he bucked into her, he clenched her hips, driving her back toward him. Jim growled a fierce growl, sounded like a bear, as he erupted, splashing deep inside her. 

"Ah, Ah, Ah, Ah, Ah,"Jim grunted as he spurted into her pussy. He grunted each time he pused into her.

Tonya's hands clenched the couch as she trembled, cumming hard with Jim.

"Mmmm, fill me, I feel your hot cum!"

"Ahhhhhhhhhh," Jim grunted as he emptied into her, relaxing his grip around her waist. 

He stepped back, his cock making a slurping sound as he withdrew, cum poured from her pussy, coating her thighs.

She crawled toward Greg, the shy one, stuffing his cock in her mouth, sinking a finger in his ass. She gargled and gagged as she drove his cock deep into her mouth. She milked the head of his cock with her throat muscles as she held him deep, her hands clenching his ass cheeks. He came so quickly, she wasn't expecting it, chocking her as she almost lost it. She let up as he came but shoved his cock back into her mouth and continued milking him with her hands as he rocked back and forth, emptying himself. His grunts were barely audible but he came a lot, leaking from the corners of Tonya's lips, dripping off her chin.

Greg stepped back as he finished, admiring her work with a huge grin.

"Ah, I have never had a blow job, it was so good!" Jim said, surprising us all. "I'm sorry I came so fast."

"Well, we'll just have to do it again sometime then!" Tonya said proudly, covered in cum.

"I would love that," Greg said bashfully, his cock now semi-erect.

I hadn't seen how big he was and noticed he was well-endowed. His semi-erect piece had to be at least eight inches. No wonder she invited him back for more. I knew it was time to put a stop to this.

"That"s it! You've all gotten your rocks off at my expense. This will NEVER happen again!" I declared.

"Who says it won't?" Tonya said.

"I do!"

Who the fuck are you? You don't own me! I'll fuck whoever, whenever I want and you don't have anything to say about it!"
