 Josh turned off the TV right as I finished another held-in climax. He said "look, here is the deal mom, this tape is between you and me, I already made up 10 copies and they are all ready to be sent out. Make no mistake about it either Linda, I would love to send them all out right now, but as long as you do what I say I won't. Dad will never find out, the Pastor of yours will never find out and your stuck up old hags of friends will never know what kind of wicked nasty cock sucking cunt and slut that you are, do you understand me mamma dear?" 

I sat there, still touching myself, I had my head hung down and I felt like I was going crazy, I felt trapped, and at the very same time excited. Josh was treating me the way I always fantasized about. (Being used as a simple sex toy.) I never dreamed I would end up being my own stepson's sex toy. Then he said "we'll start out with something rather simple, Go to Jill's room, get her maid uniform and put it on, and no underwear either. Then go your favorite dildo and come back here, when you get back, kneel down, stick you rubber cock in that cunt of yours then suck my cock, I'll be on the phone talking when you get back." I got up and went to Jill's room found her cute little French maid uniform that I love her to wear around the house, and put it on with out any bra or panty's. I then went to my room, got my big fat long black rubber cock, and returned to the den. Josh was on the phone all right, I knelt down in front of him, his pants were off, and he had his stiff dick in his hand. I reached under myself and put my black cock between my legs, I placed the base of it on the floor and slowly squatted down on it. I inserted my cock into myself and started to slowly rise up and down it is a heavy one so it slid out very easy. Of course being so turned on as I was did not help to keep in inside of me either. As I took Josh's hard cock into my mouth I started to make love to it. I almost froze as I heard him say "Oh I don't know where she is at right now dad. You know her she is always popping in and out of here, I just got home myself, If I know mom well enough I am sure she is doing exactly what she loves to do and most likely she can't get enough of it." 

I had stopped sucking and started to pull away until I felt Josh's hand on the back of my head pulling me to him. He kept talking and he was saying things to really hurt me. He told his father how he was sure that I was the best person that he has ever known he told him how he felt so lucky that his dad married such a nice sweet lady, and not one of those skags he had dated. He said, "You know what dad, I would not be at all surprised me if right now if mom was on her knees in worshipping her God." I don't know what happen but something in me I just snapped. I really started to bounce up and down on my rubber cock to make it fuck me the way I love being fucked. I started to work Josh's cock real hard I wanted him to loose his concentration; I wanted his dad to know something was going on and he would get caught. Then he said "I would bet that what ever it is that she is doing right now that she is doing out of pure love for it. 

There is something in mom that makes her just want to please others." Josh's breathing was very rapid and at times labored; it was hard for him to talk with out giving himself away. I heard him say in a strained sex voice "Oh......, how did you know? I mean yea, OK, OK dad. Yea I got a girl here with me, well if you must know she's sucking me off while I'm talking to you dad." I went nuts, I was heaving myself up and down on my dick, and I was yanking, sucking, and pulling My step son's cock. 

Oh sure she'll be gone before mom gets home, no you don't know this girl, she is new, but maybe some day I'll introduce her to you and you can get your knob polished. Oh Mom, Yea oh don't worry, this sweet slut will be long gone before mom ever comes. But dad, this cunt gets turned on when I call her names, she wants me to call her that, sure, here, I'll let her tell you." I put the phone down to my mouth as I kept sucking and slurping. Letting his dad hear what I was doing to him. He took the phone back up to his mouth and said "Sorry dad, I can't get her to stop long enough to say high, maybe later. Oh Yea, this bitch gets off on being a nasty slut. I mean she gets off on being used as a sperm bank if you know what I mean. Oh I'm not sure dad, but I will make sure I tell mom you called, yea I'm sure your right, what ever mom is doing right now it is worth her time and effort. Yea, she never does anything half way." I was so fucking close to a climax myself that I wanted to scream out to Josh that I was coming. I wanted to rip his cock off and swallow it. Ron had to be able to hear the noise that I was making. "Sure dad, I'll tell her as soon as she comes. I mean comes in, bye." He hung up the phone and asked "are you close yet?" I started to shake and shudder into a very hard, very strong, and very long climax I heard Josh say "Bye the way slut, Dad said he loves you" I heard that and squatted down hard onto my rubber dick. When my ass cheeks hit the floor the cock was all the way inside of me and I swear inside of my Cervix. I felt lightheaded and I am sure I was about to pass out from this strong climax.

I had not realized it but Josh had climaxed also. I still had his dick in my mouth as it pulsed and began to go soft. He stood up and said "Tell you what mom, I'm going to call Jill at her parents home and tell her to spend the night, Dad is due in at midnight and he wants you to pick him up. In the mean time I think I'll have a little party over here and your going to be the cunt of the party. I guess I should say hit of the party." I sat there looking up at him as he pulled his pants back on. He said "Now listen close and understand what I am going to tell you mama. You no longer have a will, your will is my will. You will do what ever I say, when ever I say, and right now I am telling you that you will sexually please everyone that I invite over here today, you will do what ever you are told, do you understand?" I looked at him and said "Yes what ever you say, just please don't show that video to anyone and I'll do what ever you want." Then he said "The first thing I want is, you will address me as "Lover"." I said "Yes Lover." From this day forward I will address you by what you really are, I'll call you my cock hungry cunt. I'll introduce you to my friends as my step slut mom, my own private whore. Whenever I do introduce you to any one, you will tell them that you are very glad to meet them. Then you will always ask them if there is anything what so ever that you can do to them, or for them, to make them happy, Do you understand?" 

Whenever dad is out of town you will plan to be with me and I'll be taking you with me to my frat parties. Since you are such a nasty slut, I'll let you fuck any man you want." I looked at him and said "but I don't want to screw other men Josh I mean Lover." Josh said "Oh yes you do bitch, you want to fuck any man, and every man that you can. You are a nasty fucking slut, and by the way, the only word you will use for fucking is "fucking" you can screw dad all you want, but you will fuck anyone I put you with. Do you understand or not?" I looked at him not knowing what to say. Then he broke the silence and said "Whenever I introduce you to any of my friends, or to any man what so ever. You have one job to do and one goal to accomplish, that goal and job is to make that man come. What I mean by introducing you is this, when I say "This is my step-mom her name is Linda," or I say to you, "this is my friend" Tom. That is your signal to get to work and make sure that he comes, it is that simple. Lets just say that will be my way of telling you who you will have sex with. Now if I introduce you to 3,4 or 5 of my friends at the same time well, you will do them all at the same time, you know mom remember all those times you had a dildo gang-bang with your self? Well now they are going to be real gangbangs, real men with real cocks. You won't have to dream and crave lots of cock any more.

I asked "How am I to do it? Do I suck them, or fuck them?" he said "look mom, I really don't care if you make them cum with your mouth, your hand, your cock hungry cunt or your asshole, but you must make them cum with-in 10 minutes of the introduction. So you see my dear mamma you do want cock and you will fuck as many men as you can while dear old dad is out of town. Don't you mom? I'm going to get you all the cock you could possibly want for the rest of your life. Wait I have another idea, you are always getting hit on aren't you mom?" I said "Oh I guess you could call it that, I get allot of compliments from men when I am out and about." Josh said "good, from now on when ever any man comes up to you and says he wants sex with you, in any way or manner, you will do it, you will have sex with him. What ever you are doing or where ever you are going you will stop doing it or going there and take time to have some kind of sex with the man or men. If I ever find out that you have turn down any man that wants sex with you, I will mail off the tapes." 

I could not believe Josh; I did not want to believe that he could be so cruel, and so nasty. He was blackmailing me, me his stepmother to be a whore and a slut, his slut. Sure I got turned acting like or being a slut for my husband Ron, and yes and it did turn me on watching that video tape of myself fucking his friends and him last night, but what he was saying was wrong, I mean way wrong.

I guess he could see me thinking long and hard of what he just told me. He said "Look Linda, I know about the games you and dad play, did you forget that this house is recording everything night and day?" What he said made me recall all those times that Ron and I played around doing or nasty little sex games. We did things like I would dress real sluttish and go out to a bar, then he would comes in, pick me up and we go out to his car and he fucks me. Or we meet at a bar, I bring him home and we talk filthy and pretend I am a cheap whore or a slut that gives it away. Another one of our games was Ron breaking into my house, gagging me, tie me up and raping me then leaving me tied up until he comes in as my husband returning from a trip out of town. 

Those are all games we played, but Josh, he was taking it a way past any kind of game. He continued "I have been watching you for years, you know those days you would fuck dad and then when he left for work you were not really satisfied and you wanted more? I have watched you time and time again pull out two or three of your rubber cocks and gang-bang yourself. You would lay there talking to them as if they where real men. I have watched you do some of the most filthy things a woman could do or even think of doing. So don't give me any shit or act like you don't want what I am giving you. I know you Linda, you know that one game you love so much of being tied up and raped in your bed, well there will be nights in the future that I will have a real stranger (to you) come in tie you up and rape you silly. The only thing is you won't know if it dad or someone that I had sent in to fuck you. I know you, and I know your nature, you will fuck whom ever I tell you to. You will fuck them like it will be the last cock you ever fuck in your whole life, now won't you mom?" I looked at him and I was trying to some how think of an answer that he wanted to hear. I figured I better tell him that he was right. I said "your right Lover, your right I am a filthy slut that can't get enough cock and I will love any man that wants to take the time to fuck me."