 Then Josh said "you know I have an idea, I'll bet you right now that your cunt is not just wet, but you are sloppy wet, I bet you cunt is open and ready for a cock."

I asked "What happens if I win the bet?" 

He said "Well mom first off I know you can't win this bet, you are just a natural hot blooded bitch that can't get enough cock, you have been settling for those rubber cocks all your life. I can give you what you crave I can give you guy's that will fuck the shit out of you. However if I am wrong, (and I know that I am not) I'll give you the all videotapes and the master tape. You won't have to do anything that I just said and we can forget that last night and today ever happened. Do you want to make that bet mom?" I looked at him, well glared is more like the truth. While everything that he had said was true, I really did not want to be living out any of my fantasies with anyone but my husband. I said "But what if I am just a little bit wet from the left over sperm in me from last night? Of course this dick in me right now has me a little lubricated, I mean that doesn't prove that I am turned on by all this filthy talk." Josh said "Oh NO, your not a little bit wet you are sopping wet, I am betting that your clit is hard, your lips are swollen and your hole craves a real cock and I am also betting that your body wants to be fucked so bad your pussy is craving it. Do we have a bet or not? Or do you just want to go along with my original terms?" 

I thought for a minute, sure I would agree with myself that what he said was a little true, and I could be a little turned on, but not as sloppy wet as he put it. I then said "But what if we do not agree? I mean you could say it is when it is not." Josh got a gleam in his eye and said "OK, how about this, we both know that when a normal woman has sex and it takes most women a while to get their motors started right? Sometimes their men come way before they do. Let's say that you are ready for a cock right now, and in my opinion you are. Let's add another little thing to this bet. If I think you and your pussy are ready, and you do not, the only way to make sure is for me to fuck you. I'll fuck you, and if I make you cum in less than two minutes you loose the bet. You are then my fucking slut and you do what you are told." I asked "Now if you fuck me hard enough and you can make me cum in those two minutes you win But if you do not make me cum, then I will win, Right?" Josh then said "I'll tell you what, I do you one better, I'll make you cum twice, if I do you make you cum twice, you do not fight me in any way about any of my terms, not one hint of ever saying "NO" is it a deal?" 

I said "deal, but even if I am all turned on like you said, the key is making me climax right? I mean if you can't make me climax, I mean cum in two minutes, I win. And if I can make you cum before the two minute is up, then I win right?" Josh said "oh yes, but you won't win this bet, your a natural born slut. That slut is bottled up in that mind of yours and in that body of yours. The whore in you is screaming to come out, she wants to do everything I say." 

He pulled me up from the floor and my rubber cock slid out of me and laid on the floor all shiny from my wetness. He reached down and felt my pussy, he said, "hear that sloshing noise coming from your pussy cunt mom? Hear my fingers sloshing around you sopping wet pussy?" I closed my eyes and I could hardly speak because of the pleasure and bliss that I was feeling from his fingers. He found my clit and rubbed it as he did he said "feel how hard your clit is mom, you are so fucking ready to cum you may not last a minute. Your so fucking ready to cum right now I'll make the bet even more interesting I'll start counting and I'll have you coming before I get to 100." 

He did not wait for an answer; he started counting and pushed me down on the floor. I pulled my knees back opening up for him and I knew in order to win my bet I needed to make him cum first, and I knew that if I could think of nothing else what so ever but to make him climax I would win.

I felt his cock enter me and I wrapped my legs around his waist. I started to work him and I was working hard, I tried to dismiss the feelings that I was having but I could not. All of a sudden I lost it, I was screaming at Josh, I gripped him hard and I shook and shook. I felt like my head was blown off. I was screaming at him "Faster, harder, now, now, I'm coming..." then I heard him say "37, 38, 39" I ground my pussy into his groin and he kept pumping hard and fast. It seemed like there was one wave of pleasure hit my soul, another wave was right behind it. I felt another climax coming hard and fast. I was fucking back as hard as I could and as hard as I had ever fucked anyone in my life. Josh was fucking. I came again and this time I heard "81,82,83" I knew I had lost the bet. I felt him shot his sperm into me, I held on to him for dear life, and for every spurt he could give me. 

I seemed to loose myself in the climax. I slowly came back down to earth and I realized that I had lost the bet. I was his cunt; his whore, I was going to be his fucking slut any time he wanted. I laid there slowly grinding my cunt against his groin thinking of all that he had said. He kissed me and I kissed him back. I started to feel that maybe he was right; maybe I was a nasty fucking slut. Maybe I couldn't get enough cock. I moaned, kissed, and ground myself to my nasty stepson. He broke the kiss and pulled out of me, he stood up and told me to clean him off. I sat up and took him in my mouth, I licked him clean, and I relished the taste. He pulled me to my feet and said "OK for right now you play the house keeper thing and I'll get you some playmates for you to fuck. When you go to the airport pick up dad tonight, you're going to have a cunt full of cum in you. When he fucks you tonight he will feel your pussy so sloppy you may have to have him fuck you in your ass. But then that will most likely be full of cum also.

I was walking around cleaning my own house for the first time since I could remember. The doorbell rang and as the maid I went to answer it for Josh. Standing there were two black men I am not sure but I think they were the same two that were here last night. One man said "Look at you girl, you look good enough to eat." I smiled and invited them in. Josh walked up to us in the entry way and he said "Hi guy's did you meet my step mom yet? You better watch your selves, she is out for cock today aren't you mom?" I just knelt down unzipped the man pants who was standing in front of me. I reached up and worked my hand up under the other man's baggy gym shorts. God their fucking cocks were big thick and heavy.

Josh said "lets go into the den, we can use the coffee table in there." I let go of the man I was handling and stood up, we all went into the den where John (the black guy in the shorts) said "let me lay down and I want you to ride me, I want to feel you work that pussy." He stripped and laid down, I squatted over him, and I am glad of it because I was able to control how fast he would enter me that way. Josh and the other person sat on the couch and watched. I slowly eased down and worked his cock into me. Once inside I closed my eyes and relished that wonderful feeling of being so stuffed. I felt like I had a log crammed between my legs sitting on him. He was working my nipples and it was pure bliss. I slowly started to rock back and fourth and his cock felt like it was a pleasure rod, I began working it faster and the faster I went the more I could tell he was loosing any control of himself. God Tommy, I get the biggest thrill when a man cannot control himself while I am fucking him. The more he was loosing it the harder I worked at making him climax before he wanted to. 

I felt him loose it and his cock pulsed inside of me. I sat down and ground myself onto him. We finished and before I could move he said "don't get up, stay right there and I'll get hard again, real fast." So there I was, you know how white I am. Well picture me and my white skin sitting on this dark black man and his big fat long cock stuck in me. I just sat up and moved my hips a little enjoying the after glow of the wonderful man that just gave me so much pleasure. The other guy got up and stood over along side of me. It was so easy to reach over and grab his cock. So I did and I started jacking him off (remember when you taught me how to do that to a guy?) I love doing that to a person, and running my mouth up, down and around it as I stroked him. I worked this kid with my hand, I guess with my movements stroking and sucking him, my lower body just sort of followed. I could hear the guy under me moan with pleasure as my body moved around. Of course from where he laid, he had a close up view of how I can love a man's cock with my mouth. 

I knew it had a reaction because as he moaned, his cock started to swell up again. That had an effect on me. I knew I was the cause of it and it made me think of nothing else what so ever. I have no idea what I looked like I could only picture what Josh was seeing as he sat there on the couch stroking his cock as he watched. Here I was this pale white woman between two very dark men. I was going nuts with pleasure. The guy I was sucking said "lets make a sandwich, I want to fuck your hot ass baby, how would you like that? I let go of his cock with my mouth looked up at him and said "I would love it, I would love that very much, I want to feel this in me." I moved my mouth back on him for just one more lick then he moved around behind. John (he was the one that was under me and inside of my stretched pussy.) had to move his legs first one way then another.

Frank (that was the guy I had been sucking) moved in behind me and after moving allot of legs and feet, he was able to insert his cock into my ass. Tom you do remember the first time we did that? I sure as hell do, it was at that old abandoned house when those boys caught us remember? Well there I was sandwiched between these two boys are almost black as coal, so if you can picture it we must have looked like an Oreo cookie. Josh stood up and moved over to the table, he brought his cock to my face where I did what I knew he wanted me to do. (Hell if I am going to be honest with you I wanted it I think more than he did) I had one hand balancing myself up and to give me leverage to fuck back at these boys on the edge of the coffee table. I had the other hand wrapped around his hard cock and I was working his cock with eagerness. I had my eyes closed trying to picture what this all looked like. 

The boys were pounding into me and they where being very verbal. Josh had his hands around the back of my head holding me so he could control my mouth around his dick. I was really getting lost in all this perverse pleasure when I heard a something drop and a woman's voice say "OHHHHH" My eyes flew open and the boys all stopped. I fought to pull back my head and when I broke free from Josh I said "let me up, stop this now, let me up." Frank said fuck you bitch, I haven't come yet, and you can get up when we finish with your white ass. Josh said "Forget this Jill, mom borrowed your uniform, and she wanted to play the French maid slut, why don't you go to your room and I'll explain everything to you later." I looked up at Josh and then to Jill, I said "Jill, please don't tell Ron, don't tell him, promise me please." Josh grabbed my head and pulled me back to him. He said "quit talking mom, suck me off, Jill ain't going to tell anyone let alone dad. She will do what ever I tell her to do just like you do, understand?" I did not answer, I couldn't answer, my mouth was full, but I knew what he meant, some how he had something on her the way he did on me. She has to do what ever he says also.

I had lost my excitement, I lost my enjoyment, the only thing I wanted right then was for these boys to come and let me up. It took some time but they all managed to empty them selves into me. I was helped to my feet and I could feel the sperm running down my inner thighs. Josh said "hey John, give Mat and Eddie a call, see if they are free and if they want a piece of ass, mom here can't wait for some more cock can you mom?" I knew what he wanted to hear. I said "no I can't wait, tell them to hurry please." I was mad at myself for being so easy and I would do anything to keep Ron from ever finding out about this.

The call was made and while the boys waited and watched my video from last night they were all laughing and making nasty comments about how I loved it so much and how I could not get enough cock. At one point while I was washing the dish's one of them came up behind me and pushed me forward. He stuck his dick in me and told me to keep washing the dishes. I did, but it was so nasty, I was in this short uniform bent over and this person was fucking me in my asshole. Just the thought of the nasty picture in my head made me hot as hell. I started to climax and this kid just kept pumping away as he talked to Josh and Frank sitting maybe 8 feet away all talking about how much they loved last night. I started to climax and I almost lost my balance as he rammed his cock in me hard and deep shooting his cum in me.

The doorbell rang, and he pulled out. I went to the door with sperm dripping out of me as I walked. I opened the door and there where three boys there. Josh came up behind me and said "Ah" reinforcements have arrived, come in people and make sure you meet my mom, she is in an extremely entertaining mood right now. " Looking at me he said "Mom, meet the boys this is Mat and this is Eddie, I don't know who he is, but make them all feel at home will you mom?" I said "sure Lover, I'll make them feel real good." I asked them all "Is there anything, anything at all that I could do to or for you right now? Is there anything you would like to do to me that will make you feel good?" 

Mat the smallest said "you could make me feel a whole lot better if you would suck my dick." I asked "Nothing would make me happier I love sucking a hard cock, do you want me to suck you off right here in the doorway, or would you like to go into the den?" Josh said "Ah, come on guys lets go into the den, mom loves many things but the one thing that is the highest on her list that gives her the most pleasure is, she loves being in a sandwich. Don't you mom?" I smiled and said "That is my favorite honey." John and Frank do all the directing and it did not take long before I had one person in every hole. I made love to every cock that would come close to my mouth and if I wasn't sucking them, I was fucking them. It was all they could do to hang on and try to stay inside of me as I moved my ass up and down, back and fourth. I noticed flashes and I saw Jill taking pictures as josh pointed out how he wanted them taken. It took me by surprise but I knew I could not do anything to stop her.

Those 6 boys fucked me until about 7:30 and at some point in time others young men were called. I was fucking non-stop; the only exception was when I was taking a pee. When ever I would sit down gobs of cum would come out of me from both of my holes. I was on my back so much; with guys fucking me I was getting rug burns on it. Josh had to get a blanket for me to lay on. These boys just went on and on, I had forgotten how long and how quick young men can go. When it came to sex Some time about 10 I think Josh ran every body out and told me I better get ready to go pick up dad, then he said, "don't douche, when dad eats you tonight, and you know he will, I want cum to be in there. If you douche, I'll have the tape playing so fucking fast your head will spin." I said "I won't, I'll let him eat me like this, but at least let me wash around there." He then said "wash anywhere you want Bitch, just make sure you do not wash anywhere around that fucking asshole or cunt of yours. I want you to lay in bed tonight and when you open up your nasty ass legs, for dad to eat you, I want dad to wonder what that smell is coming from between them. I want him to wonder why you are so fucking wet." 

I said "but he'll know, he's not dumb, he will know I have been having sex." Josh said "lie to him, tell him you have been fucking yourself all day because you where so hot for him to get home, say anything you want. Just make sure your pussy and asshole stay just as they are right now."

I walked to my room with tears running down my face. What could I do? I had no choice I was trapped. I could not think of anything at all to explain why I would smell like sex. Josh told me that he wanted me to dress in one of my slut outfits to go pick up dad and to play the slut wife for him. Now in the past whenever I did dress like that, I would wear a skimpy sexy thong, a very short skirt, garter belt and stockings, and a low cut top. I would look like a $2.00 hooker. I came out of the bedroom dressed like that and Josh said "Come here, I want to feel something." I walked over to him as he sat in the recliner. He reached under my skirt and felt my wet crotch of my panty. He said, "good girl your still dripping cum, now give me the panties and go get dad."

As I drove to the airport my mind was working overtime trying to think of some way to explain what I knew Ron would find out. That was on my mind all the way to the airport. I parked and went inside to his gate. On the way to the gate I was hit on by all kinds of men 20 – 30 times. I was offered $20.00 for a quick blowjob; one person offered me $100.00 if I would fuck him in the men's room. I could not stop to do it because the plane had arrived. I timed it perfect because as I got to the gate, they were all coming off. 

I saw Ron and I ran to him, we kissed and he held me tight. I felt safe in his arms. We broke the kiss and he said "God I love it when you dress like that honey, I bet you had a rough time fighting off them men on the way here." I told him about the men and their propositions to me. He called me his little slut; little did he know that I now was not putting on an act anymore, only thing was, I wasn't his slut, I was his son's. He said to me "I can't wait to get you home and fuck you baby, I'm going to fuck you down on the car. I hope you parked some place nice and lit up, maybe someone will see us" Ron and I have got this thing about fucking in public places. It makes him crazy and it makes me so fucking horny I cannot explain it. There is something about almost getting caught and then when we do get caught we just never stop, in fact we end up making a show of it. On top of that I was also thrilled because when he did go down on me tonight at home I would not have to explain how my cunt was so full of cum. He would just think it was his.

We got down to the car and after he put the suitcase in the trunk, he sat me on the trunk. We started to kiss and I was so hot with passion for him. I grabbed his cock through his pants and he was rock hard. I stroked it and he worked my breast. I told him I wasn't wearing any panties, and I wanted him in me. We moved to the side of the car and with one leg on the ground Ron lifted my other leg and placed it on the back bumper. I opened his fly and we joined. I don't think we ever broke our kiss and he humped into me. I climaxed a lovely climax and I was trying to watch as we fucked. My back was to the wall of the garage and that allowed me to look out and see if anyone was walking around or toward us. I heard footsteps and talking. I broke the kiss and put my head on Ron's shoulder. I watched as a couple walked one isle over. I said into Ron's ear. "We have company." He asked "who?" I said there is this heavy set woman and skinny man "

Ron's back was to them so it is my job to tell him their reactions to seeing us. I said "they are watching us, the man looks very interested and the woman looks mad." Ron started slamming into me harder and started making loud noise with each thrust. As they got closer they stopped talking and both of them looked over at us fucking between the cars. My mind turns to jelly when this happens. I started telling Ron "Give it to me baby, fuck me, harder, harder, Oh I love your cock, give it to me, give it to me." This in turn drives Ron nuts and he goes into over drive. I heard the woman in disgust say "Don't look, she's nothing but a whore, don't look at her Jimmy, Jimmy come on, come on, keep walking." I was watching Jimmy and he was stopped and was watching us fuck. The woman had to grab him by his arm and pull him along with them. She made on last snide remark "Boy the scum of the earth are everywhere." I felt a climax coming on and I wanted them to hear me come. I yelled out "Oh baby, Oh baby, your the best fuck I've had all day, your cock is so strong, so hard, I'm coming, I'm coming" (Ron loves it when I say stuff like that) 
