 Dear Nicole,

Well...after that first weekend, Felecia and I were pretty much inseparable. We had so many fun adventures together (I already told you about the one with Kelly Conway in the girls' locker room)! We hung out together all the time and because we both liked boys too, we ended up double dating quite frequently! 

We were so crazy at school as well! Like one time in Ms. Antony's boring American literature class, Felecia and I made up an excuse for leaving so we could go for a walk around campus. Actually, our plan was that she would skip class, and after about ten minutes I would pretend I was sick. Instead of going to the nurse, I met Felecia in the bathroom. Oh, Nicole...I had no idea that she planned this part! I had no sooner walked in than she grabbed me and pulled me behind the door! She pinned me against the wall with her body! My God, I couldn't believe how hard she was breathing! Her left hand grabbed my right breast and her right hand touched my cheek! She caressed it once and then her forefinger was at my mouth, tracing my lips! I knew she was getting ready to kiss me and my stomach began to churn in both desire and fear. Oh...I was always wanting her, but it was fear too that someone might come in!

My hands reached around her, grabbing at the back of her head, and I pulled her lips hard onto mine! What a kiss! Our mouths were so hungry and our tongues tangled and swirled...the heat was intense! Felecia pulled up my t-shirt and bra and when my tits popped free and her hands covered them, I heard her groan deep in her throat. She played with my boobs for several minutes, twisting and pulling on my nipples and coaxing them into getting harder and harder! I was so turned on that I was whimpering and moaning. I reached behind her and unhooked her bra and when Felecia felt it loosen, she quickly pulled her shirt off, dropped her bra on the floor, and pulled me into her so that our tits could rub against each other's. I've so learned to love that! 

"Oh, Nancy," she rasped as our kiss finally broke, "rub your nipples against mine...hurry!" I watched, fascinated as she grabbed the sides of her tits and began to flick her nipples across mine. "Do this Nancy," she pleaded and I took my breasts in my hands, pushing out my nipples, and allowing hers to sweep across mine. God, the electricity shot straight to my clit! Sparks flew and I couldn't see clearly. I clenched my thighs together and if Felecia hadn't said something I would have cum in seconds. "Omg! Does that feel good!" I heard her say. Our moans were echoing through the room, and the sounds just inflamed us even more! 

She dropped to her knees and undid the buttons on my jeans and yanked my pants and panties down. Gripping my ass she forced her tongue between my pussy lips and began tonguing my clit. I squealed with delight, spread my legs and pushed her head in further! Nicole, it only took about a minute and a powerful orgasm raced through me! It hit me so hard that the back of head bumped against the wall twice as the first two spasms seized me. I squeezed my tits against my chest as I cried out with pleasure! Felecia got up looking pleased but she was by no means through. While I leaned against the wall panting, she quickly worked her capri's off and then it was my turn! My tongue no sooner touched her girl-slit than I heard her, "Oh fuck, Nancy, yessss.... Mmmmmm...ohhh, that's it, God, I needed your tongue on my pussy! Suck my clit, Baby...yesss....suck it!"

I did as I was told and worked two fingers into her soaked hole as well. I glanced up and saw Felecia pinching those beautiful red nipples and stretching them away from her chest. Her back was arched and she was making little wordless sounds which meant she was going to cum soon! When I took my other hand and caressed her asshole with one finger, Felecia gasped and exploded. Her body shook violently as the orgasm took her and I just hugged her leg as she enjoyed it. It had to have been a good one because she must have said, "Oh, my God!" four or five times before the contractions began to subside.

With the amount of noise we made, I was amazed that no one ever came in...and very relieved. That early in our relationship, Felecia and I kept all the "fun" we had a secret. We both knew we were clearly bi-sexual, because a lot of our time together was spent talking about cute boys and straight sex. I still had not had intercourse with a boy yet, but Felecia had with a boyfriend at her old school. 

About a month after she and I started fucking, I was over at Starbuck's with C.J. after school and he asked me straight out. "So Nance, what's up with you and Felecia anyway?"

"What do you mean?" I tried to look perplexed.

"You haven't been out with us in a month! You and Felecia always seem to be hanging out alone. Is something going on?" 

I looked in his eyes. They didn't seem to be accusing me or condemning me, they just seemed concerned. "Nothing...nothing's going on, we just have become good friends. I like her."

"Well, we like you too. You haven't come out with us once since you started hanging out with her. When you gonna bring her around so we can get acquainted?" C.J. smiled and put his hand on my ass, giving it a little squeeze!

"Stop...asshole!" I said really low so no one else in the store could hear. I giggled!

"Why," said C.J. laughing, "don't you miss me?"

As a matter of fact I did! Maybe two months ago, C.J. and I had hooked up at one of our make-out parties. Oh God! Did we ever! He was so cute...lean, cut...with short black hair and even a dimple. We had decided to play a little Spin-the-Bottle, a corny little game with huge possibilities. During all the kissing that took place, and when the really hot kissing started, C.J. and I had been paired together and I didn't mind at all. He kissed so wonderfully and smelled so good, and God...did his body feel good! There were two sofas pointed in a corner in Nikki's rec-room and C.J. and I climbed into the corner between them and really went at it!

I sat on his lap at first. He held me so close and our mouths were so fucking hungry. We kissed gently, just exploring, dragging our lips across the other's...but in no time we were sucking at our lips and tongues! Things got so hot! Our tongues battled fiercely, and when that started, C.J.'s hands went right to my tits and I didn't stop him. When he started sucking on my neck and pinching my nipples through my tube top, I thought I'd die, but this was just the beginning. 

I slipped back off C.J.'s lap, but my legs were still laying across him. I couldn't wait either as my hands went under his t-shirt and started sliding up his chest. I must have been touching him very well because when my forefinger slipped over his left nipple, he groaned right into my mouth! He was fondling my boobs outside my shirt, but when I touched his nipple, he pulled the tube top down cupping my right tit in his large hand, flicking at the nipple with his thumb. I was gasping now! My hand was all over his chest and my other hand was around his neck, pulling him closer and urging him on. 

The space was too small for us to lay down, so he sat me on the arm of the sofa and knelt between my legs. I knew what he was about to do! He was licking his lips, his mouth just inches away from my nipples...and his hands were behind me, gripping my ass. When he slurped my right nipple into his mouth, my pussy convulsed from the erotic shock. I knew that my girl juices were soaking my panties. I could feel the thin material cutting between the lips. I held his head against my chest as he sucked, moaning into his ear, "Oh, Shit...C.J.! Ooooo, fuck! Suck my tits, Ooo...Oooooo!"

When he started feeling the soft flesh of my thigh, I gasped again! "Oh God!"! His fingers pushed higher between my legs and eventually, I could feels his nails scraping slowly over my slit right through my shorts. My voice was strangled and I could only manage to say with a guttural groan, "Oooohhhhhhh!"

"What?" a voice broke through my moaning.

"Huh?" I was suddenly aware of where I was!

"What'd you say?" C.J. asked again.

"Oh, nothing..." I giggled. We we're about to pay for our coffees and I snapped out of that daydream in the nick of time. So I changed the subject by saying, "You know, I'd love to hang out again, I think Felecia would too!"

"Great!" C.J.'s eyes were sparkling, maybe he was daydreaming too! "We're gonna be hanging out at Ricky's tomorrow night, why don't you guys come over?" 

"Ok...do I need to bring anything?"

"Nahhh..." he replied, "just bring your sweet selves; like we'll get some pizzas and watch a movie or somethin'." His eyes sparkled again and he had this impish grin! I could just imagine what the something was! 

"What time?" I asked smiling just like him.

"Maybe 7:00, we're gonna have the whole house since Ricky's mom is leaving for the weekend."

"You sneaks! Will we girls be like safe over there?" I felt my body tingle when he said that, tingling at the thought of the delicious possibilities.

"Of course! As safe as you've ever been!

"That's what I'm afraid of, naughty boy!" We both laughed as we got in our cars and headed home. 

I got Felecia on the phone immediately and she seemed very excited. "Will Jessi, Megan, and Nikki be there too?"

"Actually, C.J. didn't say who would be there besides him and Ricky...but like, they've always been with us on a Friday night." We spent the rest of the call discussing "those" possibilities, and what we were going to wear to this thing.

At 7:10 the next evening, we stood on the steps of Ricky's house and rang the bell. Felecia looked spectacular in a red halter top and white cutoffs, while I was wearing a white half t-shirt and a very tight pair of black jeans. Felecia was braless but after debating with myself for half an hour, I had decided to wear my prettiest white lace demi-cut bra. We both weren't sure what the evening's activities would be, but it was positively gonna have something to do with sex! We were prepared. There were only two cars in front of the house though, Felecia's and C.J.'s and that was a little curious, unless he had picked everyone else up. 

Ricky let us in and gave both of us a warm hug! "Hey, you two! It's been a while, Nance! So, Felecia, I guess Nancy has been hogging you to herself since you got here. I don't get to see you ever, outside of chemistry. Like, this is kinda nice you're here!"

"Oh...Nancy and I have been keeping ourselves busy!" Felecia turned and gave me this sly little grin; I blushed! "But tonight, we're all yours!"

Ricky laughed and pointed to the stairs. "Everyone's downstairs...I'm getting some drinks."

"We'll help," I said, "how many people are coming anyway?"

Ricky opened the refrigerator and pulled out three or four cartons of wine coolers and set them on the table. "Well...right now, just Jon, C.J., me and you." We asked Megan and Jessi, but they were gonna go to the basketball game at Milford. Nikki said she might come if she could get her science project done."

Felecia and I looked at each other. We both could hear the tone of Ricky's voice; there was something mischievous going on. But we both smiled! I leaned over and whispered to her, "What'ya think? This could be fun!"

"I bet...like this is all planned." Felecia sounded very excited. I knew how she felt about these guys; we'd talked about them for an hour the night before."

"Wanna leave...?" I teased.

"Fuck, no...I wanna see what happens, and like, I'm pretty horny...aren't you?"

As if she had to ask. In the last month, we had both discovered that we were almost always horny. I knew that my pussy was a little wet already, and I told her so. 

"My God...you're as insatiable as me!" 

"Hey!" Ricky interrupted. "What are you whispering about? You gonna grab those bowls of popcorn and chips or not?"

We did and Ricky led us down the stairs into the rec-room. Jon had just pumped up the volume on a Pearl Jam CD and was standing near the boom-box rummaging through the CD tower. I put the chips down and sneaked up behind him, poking him in the ribs.

"Hey..." I laughed when he jumped a mile high, and he grinned very broadly when he saw me. "Nance! Hey!" Jon gave me a bear hug. He played football and his hug was a crusher! 

"Whoosh!" I said pretending to be near death, "Goodness, Jon...you couldn't have missed me that much, I saw you in 7th period today!"

"Awww..this is different," he replied, "tonight we get to have some real fun!"

I turned to Felecia, "You know Jon, right Felecia?"

"Oh sure, we sat together at lunch with him two weeks ago remember?" Felecia gave Jon one of her famous flirty smiles, the kind that I noticed she gave every cute guy, and the kind that she gave me when we met!

"You girls are looking hot tonight!" said C.J., interrupting our threesome. 

"Thank you, you little schemer..." I said laughing. "Where is everyone?"

"I don't know. Maybe they'll all show up later, they know about it!"

Felecia said, "Oh don't listen to Nancy, C.J., she's happy to be here."

C.J. turned to me, threw his left arm around me, pulled me close, and said, "Oh, you are, are you? Like I didn't know that I meant that much to you!"

To everyone's surprise, I threw my arms around his neck and planted a very hard kiss on his lips, making a loud smacking sound when I finished. "Well....?"

C.J. looked flustered, then pleased, and everyone laughed uproariously at the look on his face. He was blushing!

"Save some of that for me, Nance," said Ricky, and he tried to steal a kiss as well. 

I screamed and danced away, and everyone surrounded me until I gave in and gave Ricky a two second peck for his trouble.

Through all of the laughter and catcalls, we almost didn't hear the doorbell. Ricky had already ordered pizza and we sat down in a circle on the floor and devoured it. With those three boys and their appetites...there was nothing left! Felecia and I were warming up to them and the lively conversation. We got through all the small talk very quickly and the subject turned to sex in record time. Normally, our sex talk was limited to who was seeing who and what make-out game we'd be playing that night. But somehow... this time...the talk just kept progressing. It went beyond making out and touching and into who was a virgin and who wasn't. It went into who was fucking who and who we would like to fuck, and I was getting extremely turned on. I knew my panties were soaked, and I had to sit a certain way so I wouldn't embarrass myself.

I almost lost it when C.J. looked right at me and said, "Ya' know Nance, you're quite the talk of the guys' locker room!"

"Huh? What do you mean?"

"I mean that every guy in there would like to get into your pants! They know we have these parties. Like you're one of the reasons why every guy in our class would like to be here tonight! Jim Gallagher offered me fifty dollars if I would let him come!" C.J. was really enjoying himself, and when I blushed a deep red he burst out laughing again. Then he turned to Felecia and added, "I said no, though...because I knew you were coming, Felecia."

"Why because of me?" Felecia looked pleased.

C.J. reached out and touched Felecia's knee, "Well...like we want to get to know you a little first."

Felecia rubbed C.J.'s hand lightly and said, "I think I would like that! What do you have in mind?" She and C.J. were staring at each other and I admit feeling a pang of jealousy. I knew this might happen, Felecia and I had talked about it. It really helped when Ricky slid up next to me and put his arm around me. 

"Well, this is all very nice...but like, the way it's going, three on two doesn't seem to be very fair!" I said, snuggling close to Ricky. I laid my hand on his thigh and looked right at Jon. "Why are you here, Jon? Like...why aren't you out with Missy tonight?"

Ricky laughed, and spoke right right up, "Because he's been dumped, that why! The asshole!" 

Jon had just been dumped by his girlfriend (of three weeks!) Missy Court and C.J. and Ricky were letting him have it. I couldn't figure out what Missy was smoking that she would dump Jon! Most any girl would have scooped him up in a flat second; then we found out why.

"Missy caught him kissing Becky Carlisle underneath the steps to the pavilion!" C.J. explained to me.

I looked at Jon with my hand covering my mouth, feigning shock. "You didn't!" I was sitting next to him and slapped his arm. 

"I couldn't pass up the opportunity!" Jon said very businesslike, but he was grinning broadly.

"I can't figure you guys out..." said Felecia, "like why go through the pretense of dating someone for three weeks if you're gonna do something like that anyway?"

"Hey...Becky's hot...we were into each other that day, it just happened." 

"Like...how did Missy find out?" Felecia asked.

"Oh...well...apparently, Becky had to open her mouth in the locker room, and Missy overheard it."

"Goodness...you know how we are Jon, you can get kisses anytime, why bother dating one girl?"

And then it happened, Nicole! We got into a conversation that was going to lead to a drastic change in all of our lives. In one sense I wish it hadn't happened, it ultimately lead to my friendship with Felecia dissolving. But in another sense it was good because

we had more fun during the next year than most people can dream about. And the fun started right then! Ricky began the fun with a question.

"Kisses?" he said, with a look of amused frustration on his face. "What kisses are you talking about? I haven't been kissed in a six weeks! Not since that last great 

make-out party at Jessi's"

Then came my fortunate mistake because I replied, "You're kidding? You haven't?"

"No," said C.J. "unless you count those fuckin' greeting kisses you girls are always messin' with. Those don't count! Jon's gotten his share, but me and Tim and Ricky? Shit!"

Felecia, Jon and I burst out laughing again. C.J. and Ricky both looked so lost and deprived, just like two little boys who've been told to go to bed without any dinner! When we finally got control of ourselves I asked Ricky, giggling, "Why didn't you just have another party? We were always having them, and they were really getting good, too!" I looked at C.J. and winked, flashing back to my daydream of him and me between the sofas. 

"Things have been busy; Megan and Jessi have kinda been sweet on those basketball guys, you disappeared every weekend for the last month...hey! Where have you been anyway? I even called you a couple times and you didn't return my call!" 

I remembered Ricky on my voice mail; both times Felecia and I had our plans that night. I didn't want to have to explain myself, but what was I to say now? "Ohh..like you said, things have been so busy."

"Yeah," said Jon, "but like, when you said that, it sounded like you'd been getting plenty of it yourself!"

I blushed, Nicole, I couldn't help it! 

"You have!" exclaimed C.J. "Like you've been seeing someone, haven't you Nance?!" 

I couldn't do anything but stammer, "I...umm...I, well..." Now it was my turn to be laughed at for the flustered look on my face. All three boys were rolling on the floor. 

"Why doesn't anyone know about this?" Jon finally managed to say. "Felecia, did you know about this?"

Felecia smiled that smile and said, "Sure, I knew about it." She cocked her head, glancing at me and I blushed again.

"Well, who's she going with? Must not be someone at our school...we'd have known by now; who is it Nance?" Ricky was so intent on finding out, that he pushed me down and pinned my arms to my sides.

"Hey!" I squealed, "Stop! like I...I'm not sure...that I wanna tell you guys right now!"

"Why not? C'mon..."Ricky insisted, letting me sit up again, "we're friends and you're hiding this stuff from us? Why is she hiding this from us, Felecia?"
