 Dear Nicole,

Of course you're right! I couldn't believe it happened either...having sex with one of my best friends' mothers! I was such a slut back then! I must have been! But at the time, it didn't seem like I was...we were all just having fun! No, I never told my mother about Teri Johnson, and I don't think Teri told because it was never brought up. I'm not sure what my mom might have said, and I don't want to find out! I didn't even tell Felecia about it! Teri and you are the only ones who know.

For the next three days I hung out at home and spent some time with my mom. We did some last minute Christmas shopping, had lunch on Tuesday with one of my aunts... and then on Wednesday night I went to a party at Megan's house. And no...I know what you're thinking! it wasn't one of "those" parties. It was a class party with just our homeroom. Megan and C.J. were the only ones there that you know. Our two homeroom sponsors were there as well and everything was really nice. We presented them with a gift and everyone had a great time dancing and decorating and playing Christmas songs and just acting goofy together.

C.J. had been giving me this flirty, wistful look all night too. It had been about ten days since the threesome with Tim, and it crossed my mind that maybe we could have some fun later. Anyway...about the time the party was winding down and people were starting to leave, I was in the kitchen small-talking with Megan and helping her clean up some of the mess. But...you know how it is! It wasn't long and we started talking about sex. I was getting quite worked up when C.J. came in and dumped ten or so empty soda cans into the recycling basket.

"Megs, I'm sorry...but a whole bowl of Cheeto's must have been dropped on the carpet, then they got stepped on. I scooped up what I could, but it needs the vacuum. If you get it for me, I'll finish the job." Megan directed him to the hall closet and returned to the kitchen shaking her head and smiling.

"What?" I inquired, smiling back at her. "Like...what 'fun' little thought is running through that horny little mind of yours?"

Megan laughed and said, "Oh, my God! That boy has such a cute butt! It's been a while since I played with him too! Like...we need to have another party one of these days!"

"You horny little slut!" I giggled. "When was the last time you played with him?" 

"God...it's been like...umm...months, I think! Yes! The last time was during that card game we played, Oh God...like, was that ever a fun night!"

I stood there silently for a few seconds, thinking hard. There were at least two options that I could have proposed and I wasn't sure which one to choose. On the one hand I wanted to get with C.J., but on the other hand it would also be fun to have Megan join us. But if she joined us, there would be some fucking involved and I wasn't sure how she would feel about that. 

"Ya' know what, Megs? I'm pretty sure you and I could convince Cee that the three of us should have our own little party tonight. What do you think?"

Megan's eyes grew wide and then they narrowed dreamily. "Ooooo...Nancy! I like it! But you know what? I'm not sure when my parents will be getting home. I told them this party would be over at ten. It's 9:45 now." 

"Yeah...but we could go to my house if we want. My dad's boss gave my parents tickets to a play downtown. It started at 8:00; there's no way they'll be home before midnight!"

"Wow...that would be perfect; my folks wouldn't want me out past midnight anyway even if there isn't any school tomorrow!"

"Okay...but Megan, there's something I have to tell you."

"What's that?"

"Well..." I began slowly, "like you know a lot has changed so far this year?"

"Yes," she replied, "but that should make this even more fun!"

I knew she was referring to the fact that she and I had been lovers now as well! "Oh, I know, that will make it more fun! But something else has happened too! The parties just aren't the same anymore."

"They're not? What do you mean?"

"Umm...well...if you and I get together with C.J., I'm going to like...let him fuck me!"

I thought Megan would be surprised, but she wasn't. "Really? God yes...I was kinda hoping for a little more fun than usual!"

"Wow...you don't mind?"

Now Megan looked surprised, "Mind? Why would I mind? Shit...I've been wondering for quite a while what that beautiful cock of his would feel like in my pussy!"

Megan's graphic exclamation shocked me, Nicole! But at the same time I was getting so turned on! I inched over to my cute red-haired friend and slid a hand between her thighs, cupping her pussy right through her shorts. Megan parted her legs a little, giving me better access. I grabbed the back of her hair and yanked her head back, sucking at her exposed throat and pushing my palm hard against her mound. Megan groaned and leaned heavily against the island in the center of the kitchen, her hands on the counter-top trying to hold her steady.

"Oh, Nancy...Goddddddd!"

I kissed her neck wetly, sucking up to her left earlobe before hissing in her ear, "So... my horny little bitch, you want a hard dick in here?" I squeezed her pussy roughly for emphasis and Megan jumped in my hands. "Have you ever had a cock fuck you before, or would tonight be your first time?"

"What are you two doing?" 

We spun around to see C.J. standing in the kitchen doorway grinning at us! His face looked exactly like that of a little boy who had just unwrapped an exciting, new toy on Christmas morning. 

Megan and I blushed, but we also laughed, "Is there something we can do for you?" I asked, trying to sound very parental! 

"Whoa...Wait a sec! So maybe you two want to be alone or something? Like maybe I should just let you go and finish what you started?"

"Actually, if you must know" Megan interjected, "we were like talking about you right then, Mr. Interrupter of a Private Conversation Person!"

Megan's Phoebe-like comment broke us both up. It was at least a full minute before I could control myself again. I rarely saw C.J. laugh that hard, but he finally got a hold of himself too and replied, "What about me? What are you saying behind my back?"

"Oh, nothing much," said Megan. 

I could see where this conversation was going, Nicole! The three of us were going to be having some sexy fun soon. My whole body was tingling and I noticed that the bulge in C.J.'s khakis was growing.

"Yeah," I said, straining to keep the arousal out of my voice. I smiled at C.J. sweetly and continued, "I was only asking Megan if she'd ever had a hard cock fill up her beautiful pussy before. It really was none of your business! But since you asked, what would you say if she asked you to fuck her. Do you think you're man enough?"

C.J. grinned, his eyes twinkled and he played right along. "Man enough? I think the greater question should be...is Megan ready for a man like me?

"Oh Really!?" It was all I could do to keep from giggling. I reached for Megan's left tit and massaged it suggestively through her tank top. "What do you think, Megs? Think he has what it takes?"

Megan shivered as my fingers squeezed her boob, but she grinned right back at Cee and said, "Maybe...he does have a pretty nice ass, and I seem to remember his cock wasn't bad either." 

I slid my hand down Megan's tummy and deftly unbuttoned and unzipped her shorts. Megan jumped a bit as my middle finger pushed aside the hood at the top of her slit and feathered circles around her hardening little button. C.J.'s mouth gaped open in surprise. 

"Mmm...she's pretty wet, Cee," I cooed. "By the way...did I ever tell you that Megs and I fucked and sucked each other silly about three weeks ago?" Just to emphasize this point, I pulled my fingers out of Megan's pussy, leering at him before sucking them into my mouth. It had the desired effect!

"Oh...F..f..u..u..c..c..k..K," C.J. groaned, his face contorted with lust. 

Megan and I both giggled, Nicole, and then she really poured it on. She pushed her shorts to the floor and leaned against me, her right leg draped over my knees, exposing her cute ass to our now bug-eyed friend. "Here...let me taste," she said, pulling my hand to her lips and briefly licking the same two fingers, then sucking on them like I had done. "Mmm..." she stared at him, "Sooo good!" 

Now I was moaning! Megan pushed her thigh between my legs and ground it into my mound. I could feel the excitement pounding in my temples as my pussy reacted to the pressure. Megan had this smoldering look in her eyes and she grabbed my tits roughly, pinching my left nipple and crushing her lips against mine in a searingly hot kiss.

We tongued each other's mouth for several seconds and I was just about to pull her shirt up over her breasts when a startled Megan yelped sharply and pulled away from me. "Oh, m..mmy G..GGod..." she stammered. 

I looked behind her and there was C.J., down to one knee on the floor between her legs. His hands were spreading her cheeks and his face was buried between them, feverishly licking and sucking her ass. Megan squirmed against his tongue, reaching behind herself with both both hands, grabbing at his hair.

"Ohhh Shit!" she cried, as his tongue drove into her hole, "Fuckkk...Cee...Ohhh Fuckkk yesss...suck that, Baby! Oooo...yeah! FUCK it with your tongue!"

Then I did pull her shirt up! Megan's chest was already heaving and her breathing sounded raspy. Her nipples were so hard, jutting out from her sweet little titties, begging to be sucked. I leaned over and flicked at the right one with the tip of my tongue and then, with a groan, I slid my hand down her tummy and pushed my middle finger into her gash. The pleasure must have been intense because she spasmed for a moment, then let out a shrill, "Ohhhh... wweeeeee", arching her back in response to our fucking fingers and tongues. I yanked at her nipple with my teeth and lips and pushed my finger all the way up her tunnel, rotating the palm against her clit.

Megan was squealing now... "Oh..Ohh..Ohhh! "...non-stop! Saliva was smeared all over her boobs as I frantically sucked her tits, switching back and forth from one nipple to the other. My two fingers were sawing into her pussy and when dragging them out, I'd purposely draw them across her clit making her cry out even more! I could feel C.J. working on her ass! Every few seconds he would lick at her vagina, his tongue catching my fingers, then he'd pull back to her asshole and stab her with it again. 

All of this only took about two minutes; and then, Megan went stiff! "Oh, myyy Godddd...," she whimpered, "I'm gonna fuckin' cum... Oh, God! I'm gonna cummm, Nancy! Ohhh Fu.u..c..k!" Her body jerked, then shuddered, and then our cute little toy exploded in orgasm. She clenched hard on my fingers and shook violently while I held her close, thrilled at the intense pleasure she was feeling. 

"Wow! Was that a good one, Megs?" C.J. had sat back on the kitchen's area rug, a look of supreme satisfaction on his face.

"Oh fuck yes," said Megan, lifting her head from my shoulder and looking down at him. "and like, we're not finished yet either, big talker! You are in the mood to fuck, aren't you?"

"Hell yes, Babe...I'm just sittin' here trying to decide who's pussy needs it the most! What do you think Nance?"

I couldn't answer that directly, Nicole, I was too busy thinking about what Cee's tongue would feel like on my ass. "Did you like C.J. tonguing your asshole, Megs? How did that feel?"

"God, Nance, I can't really tell how good you both made me feel." She glanced at C.J. "Maybe you could give Nancy a little bit of that tongue too?"

C.J. grinned, "Sure! I'd be glad to give ..."

We didn't even let him finish! I was on him like a cat, pushing him to the floor. "Get his pants, Megan, let's see if his cock is still hard!" I knelt over the top of his head and pulled his t-shirt up and off. C.J. was laughing pretty hard, and when Megan got his pants undone, he arched his hips so she could yank them off. His dick was indeed steely hard, and it swung straight up when clear of his boxers. 

"I think you should sit on his face, Nance," said Megan with a giggle, "go ahead...I think I can take care of this!" 

C.J. groaned as her smallish hands ran up and down the length of his hard cock, feeling the velvety smooth skin, pausing a little to fondle his balls. I was sitting above his head, leaning over the top of him, sliding my hands over his chest, rolling his nipples in my fingers and watching Megan get more and more aroused by the responses of this boy's beautiful dick in her hands. When just stroking him became too much for her, she wrapped her right hand around the base, cradled the head in her left hand and with a heated sigh started to feverishly lick it. 

Talking about heated, Nicole! C.J. jumped when he felt her tongue take him. She had him moaning non-stop now and he reached under her chest to cup and play with her small boob. "Ohh...Wow! Megs...Shit!" he managed to say. "God yes...lick my cock! Yesss... just like that! DAMN! Unggghhhh...shit yeah!" He plucked at her nipple and Megan hummed a groan and slid the purple, swollen head between her lips, sucking at the loose skin under his circumcised cap.

Then I lowered my face to his, or rather, he reached up and pulled my face to his. Our lips touched and he buried his tongue in my mouth, sucking and licking hard! I thought he was trying to suck my tongue out of my head and I wrenched his nipples just as hard in a reaction to his aggressiveness. 

I broke away from the kiss and got up on my hands and knees, letting my tits swing freely just above his mouth. "Ohh Goddd...Cee, yesss...suck my tits, Ohh, my Goddd...yess... Mmmmm!" I did that, partly because it felt so good, but also because I wanted to watch little Megan's mouth get filled with cock. 

It was shocking how erotic she looked doing that. She would suck him down deep, her cheeks hollowing out; and from this angle, I could tell that her tongue was lathing all over his shaft. I was amazed that Megan was this good at sucking cock! And then... she would let his pole slip out of her mouth, strings of saliva clinging to his dick and her lips. She would use it as lube and pump his shaft with her small hand, licking the swollen head. She was like so into it and turning me on so much! My pussy and stomach were twisting with aroused excitement. 

"Ohh...FUCK! Ahh...Mmm...Megs! God! Suck his cock, girl! Oh Yeah...Suck his cock, you nasty little bitch!" Megan heard me and grinned around his hard-on, never letting up. If anything, her tongue flew faster on the underside of his pole.

C.J. was groaning even louder now and he responded by pushing my tits together and sucking both my nipples at the same time! This was just too much, Nicole! There was no waiting any longer. My hand flew between my legs and I began wildly fingering my clit, desperate to get off. It didn't take long. "Oh..Ohh...OHHH! SHIT! Oh...I'm gonna fuckin' cum, Megs!" 

Megan looked up, still pumping his pole and said, "Cum! Go ahead! I want you to, cum really hard, Nance!" She slurped him in again, but her eyes were watching me.

"Ohh Goddd..." I cried, "Ungg...Uhhh...UHHH!" When the orgasm hit, I doubled over so hard! C.J. was wrenching my nips, pulling on my tits and that sensation just prolonged the spasms. 

I opened my eyes just in time to see Cee's ass rise off the floor. He drove his cock up into little Megan's throat and with guttural "Ooo...aahhhh!", blasted her mouth full of hot cum! What a little slut that girl was, Nicole! She got it all...swallowed it all... didn't lose any at all; and she pulled off his dick, licking her lips and smiling. 

All three of us sat up, giggling and panting with the exertion. "God...girls! Fuckin' awesome!" C.J. managed to say. He pulled Megan to him and kissed her deeply, her body melting against his. I reached out and caressed her on the small of her back and then slid my hand down to her ass. She was quivering with passion, her ass clenching and releasing, her cute body obviously getting ready for more. I wasn't near finished myself.

Megan must have read my mind because she turned to me and said, "I want more, Nance, don't you?" She turned to C.J. and reached for his cock, murmuring, "Don't you? Don't you want to fuck my pussy with this? Don't you want to, Cee?"

"Oh Goddd...yesss!" I moaned. I leaned in and started kissing C.J. myself, grabbing Megan's hair and guiding her face into a very hot three-way kiss. Our tongues fought and slithered and slathered all over, with me holding them both by the back of the head so they couldn't get away...not that they wanted to!

"Hey," said Megan when she finally pulled away, "She's still wearing her shorts, Cee! Those clothes need to come off!" They double-teamed me and I was naked in ten seconds. The kiss had really stirred me up again, and Megan pushed me to the floor, her petite body straddling me on all fours, her back arched and her ass and open pussy in C.J.'s face. "Here, Nance," she whispered hoarsely, "hold your tits up to me." I grasped them by their sides and pushed them together and Megan slid her chest against mine, our nipples touching, flicking and folding against each other's!

"Oh, my God...Do I love this, Megs! Mmmm...Yesss...ohhh, yesss!" I glanced over her shoulder and smiled at the incredulous look on C.J.'s face. He seemed frozen like that, unable to believe what his eyes were seeing. "You gonna just watch, Cee?" I asked, my voice straining, "Or are you gonna fuck her?" 

"Wait!" said Megan. She rolled off of me. "Lay down again, C.J., there's something I want to try!"

C.J. got down again and Megan quickly climbed on top. I thought she was going to ride him the regular way, but God, was I ever wrong. Holding his cock down with one hand, I watched... fascinated... as Megan slid her pussy against his shaft, her labia spreading wide to partially wrap around his swollen pole! She lowered herself a little more and used both hands to spread her pussy lips wider, his cock slipping further between them. It was so great looking...I got down there to watch. 

Wow! Then our little red-haired slut began to move her hips. C.J.'s cock was so fuckin' hard, Nicole! She was so wet, and he was so hard, and she slid her pussy up and down his beautiful shaft, jacking him with her cunt like I had never seen before! Cee's eyes were rolling into the back of his head; that feeling must have indescribable! 

"Where did you learn that, Megan?" I was choking with arousal but couldn't help but ask. Her face was so twisted with pleasure and I watched some more as she leaned further into it, C.J.'s cock slipping through at the top of her slit...directly stimulating her clit! Every time Megan changed direction, she gasped...her clit rubbing against the underside of his sex, driving them both to the edge.

At first she was gasping, but soon she was groaning, then crying out as she came. C.J. was holding onto her shoulders for dear life. I knew that if hadn't already cum once, there would have been no way he could have held off like this. Her orgasm swept through her in waves and I loved watching her body react like it did. Unbelievably, she didn't slow down either...in one quick move she rose up, bringing the head of Cee's prick to the entrance of her tunnel. Then she sat down hard...his cock plunging into her pussy and bottoming out, causing both of them to shout!

I reached over, pinching and rolling Megan's beautiful nipple and another shuddering chill coursed through her. "Doesn't that feel good, Megs?" I asked, "Doesn't his cock feel good in your pussy?"

Megan answered by nodding, grimacing and bracing herself with both hands on C.J.'s chest. I noticed that her middle fingertips were placed squarely on his nipples and she was fingering them. He was holding her ass, pulling her tight against him, letting her feel his prick filling her.
