 Dear Nicole,

Yes, you're right! I did say once that if I didn't stay in chronological order, then I wouldn't be able to keep things straight. So I guess I better tell you the story about Felecia's trip to Teddy's. We played together most of that morning and when we finally finished, we cleaned up and napped a bit. After waking, she and I got dressed in some of my light shorts and T's and went to the kitchen to make ourselves some lunch. 

Felecia said, "Ya know...I make some pretty mean pancakes! Just show me the stuff I need and they'll be ready quick."

We found some blueberries in the freezer and Felecia added those to the mix. God! After such an exciting morning we were starved, and she was right...she really knew how to make them. When we sat down at the kitchen table with two big stacks, I can't remember anything tasting so good!

Felecia began by apologizing. "Nance, like...I'm so sorry that I left for the week. I know we had promised to do some things together!"

"Well shit," I said with a laugh, "if you judge by the fun we just had, I'd say I'm not holding any grudges!"

Felecia laughed too, "Yeah...but still, I just want you to know what I'm thinking. I like Teddy a lot and it seemed to be the thing to do. We have the rest of this year to be together, right?"

I smiled at her, "Girl, if I were you, I think I would have done the same thing. And it's not like I stayed in my bedroom alone the whole time!" 

I briefly told her about all the fun I had while she was gone and Felecia's face took on a look of mock shock! When I was finished, she slapped me playfully on the arm and said, "You little slut! I can't leave town for a week...and you get yourself into all that trouble?"

"Ohhh...it was noooo trouble at all," I replied. We laughed a lot after that comment! We calmed down and worked on our pancakes. Taking our dishes to the sink, I said, "Sooo? Are you gonna tell me what happened on your trip, or do I have to beg? Was the trip worthwhile? Is his family nice? Did you and Teddy have lots of time alone?"

"Wow! So many questions! Yes...yes...and yessss! But like, why don't you just let me start from the beginning and I'll tell you the whole story? Remember when we were at the mall and I told you all that I was going to Teddy's for the weekend? Well, I don't know if I said that it was really short notice. Teddy called the day before and invited me. This was a big step ya' know. The last time I visited over at a guy's house with his parents there was when I was at my old school in Ft. Myers. I was dating that guy Jerry, who I told you about?"

"Felecia? Are you saying that it's that serious between you and Teddy already? After all, we're gonna be leaving for college and shit."

"Yeah, I know...but I like him, and he lives two hours away. I wanted to tell him that I like him but also I wanted a serious talk about what's next for us."

"What is next for you? What are you thinking?" I wasn't real concerned at this point, Nicole. I realized that if she was going to be exclusively with Teddy, we wouldn't have had the fun fuck that morning! Haha! I just wanted to know what she told him."

"Like...do you want to know what I said to him, or do you want the details of everything that happened on the trip?"

"Details?" I teased, lifting an eyebrow. "You mean something interesting happened? I just thought you went up there to meet his family. Did you have an ulterior motive?" 

Felecia smirked and said, "God! You were with me in that hotel room the first night! You saw his body, what did you think of it? And by the way...what did you think of that gorgeous cock of his?"

I thought back to the night that C.J. and Teddy had their way with us in the Days Inn. She was right! Teddy's hard dick was a sight! It was about as long as Cee's, maybe seven inches, but it was a little thicker. It also was not perfectly straight, curving upward in a slight arc. This had been the first time I saw Felecia with a guy, and it had struck me then that her mouth was just as magical with a cock in it as it was eating a pussy. If I closed my eyes, I could still see Teddy shooting that first jet of cum across her cheek.

"I see your point; I'd have that beautiful thing out of his pants every chance I get!"

"Damn right!" Felecia retorted so saucy-like. "And not only that, but he's easily the best kisser of any guy I've ever had! God! One taste of his tongue and my pussy starts gushing! I'm wet now just mentioning it."

"Me too," I said, "that was such a hot time!"

"Good, then you'll enjoy what I'm about to tell you because the whole week was soooo fucking hot, I still can't believe it!"

I shivered when she said that, Nicole. Felecia wasn't prone to exaggeration. I recalled the last time she told us about an encounter with Teddy in the garage apartment. "Okay, start from the beginning then; what happened when he picked you up?"

"Well, first of all, I was a little surprised that my parents let me go, being that it was the week before Christmas and all. I think that if my cousins were coming this year, they wouldn't have. But since we had no definite plan, they said I could go as long as I was back two days before Christmas."

"Oh! So that's why you stayed the extra three days?"

"No...that's why I 'could' stay the extra days. The reason why I stayed was because of what happened there. Oh, my God, Nance!" Felecia's eyes were burning a hole in me. "When Teddy picked me up on Saturday night it was just getting dark. We threw my stuff in the back of his truck and I was just about to get in the front seat when he took me by the hand and led me through the backyard into the narrow area between the tall hedge and the garage.

"He pulled me into his arms and we kissed for a long minute. I was melting, Goddd...and his knee went between my legs putting direct pressure on my mound. I just had to slide up and down on his leg...Mmmm...that kiss! He knew he had me! It was so erotic...and then he whispered hoarsely in my ear, 'You think you need to cum? Ya think ya need me to eat you out, right this second? Want me to fuckin' eat your pussy til you cum?' Oh, Nance, I thought I might pass out...he had me so turned on!

"Teddy pushed me up against the garage wall, still kissing...biting my lips lightly...stuffing his tongue down my throat. He lifted my t-shirt and bra up and pushed my bare tits together, roughly thumbing my nipples and shoving his knee between my legs again. Then he licked and sucked past my ear and hissed at me once more, 'Do ya? Tell me...c'mon..tell, you fuckin' cum-slut! Do you want me to suck your clit til you cum?'

"I was totally gone, Nance! 'Yesss...Fuck yesss!' I groaned back at him. 'Eat me, you bastard...DO IT...c'mon, eat my fuckin' pussy and make me cum in your mouth!'

"Teddy grinned and knelt down in the grass. He sucked at my belly-ring, tonguing me, rimming my navel while he pulled my shorts and panties down to my ankles. I stepped out of them with my left foot and tried two times to kick them off my right...but they wouldn't go. So I just spread my legs and hunched down onto his sucking mouth. Teddy pulled my pussy lips apart and drove his tongue hard into my hole. It was such an aggressive move that it took my breath away, and I yelped a little too loudly! Mmm...I had to hope no one heard!

"Teddy bent his head back so he could lick all the way to my ass! Oh, my God! I sat on his face and let him do me, holding my tits, pinching at my nipples and looking at him while his tongue pushed me quickly to the edge! 'Ohhh Godddd...Teddyyy...Shit! Oh Shit! Fuckin' eat my cunt...yesss...eat it...Does it taste good? Ooooo...yessss...God yessss...eat my pussy... Oooo...eat my pussy...Mmmmm!'

"My orgasm hit me so fast, girl! Teddy was lapping really hard at the top of my slit, 'Oohhh, yesss!' I said, 'Here it comes! I'm gonna fuckin' cum...Oooo!' And it was on me! I think I sat my full weight on him and he didn't care! My ass was shaking in his hands for God knows how many contractions, and he just held on and ate my pussy right on into a second cum! 'Again?' I choked. 'I...I'm...gonna cum againnnn!!' and I exploded a second time. This time Teddy hugged me tight with his face in my belly while I bent over the top of him and held his head, just about fainting with pleasure.

"Oh, my God, Felecia!" I said...and I think I was panting! "Right in your back yard? That boy is really something else!"

"Oooo...I knowww!" she cooed. I could tell Felecia was getting all wound up relating the story. "And when I tried to strip down his shorts so I could have a turn, he said, 'No Babe, we gotta get going, but... you owe me one!' He pulled me in for another kiss, all the while holding my naked ass cheeks in both hands! Mmm...I just wanted to crawl inside him!

"Anyway we got in the car and began the trip in silence. I reached over to see if he was still hard. Teddy was wearing some 'Air Jordan' shorts with nothing underneath and when I slid my hand up the leg opening his balls felt so soft and touchable. I teased them for a minute; fondling, cupping, tickling them while Teddy squirmed farther into the bucket seat. Then I felt for his hard shaft. Ohhh...the silk-covered steel felt so good in my hand as I jacked it a bit, and when I did, Teddy gasped and stuttered, 'O...oo..ohhh...F..f.f..u..u..c....k! F..f.ele...cia, y..y.ou gotta stop!'

"I giggled at his helpless expression and rubbed my palm up and down the soft underside of his cock. Teddy groaned and chuckled, and then he had to pull my hand out of there. I could see why...the rush-hour traffic was a little heavy and he would have to concentrate. Sooo...being that I'm a good girl, I decided to wait until we were a little farther out of the city before going after his penis again!"

"You are sooo bad!" I said to Felecia. She grinned and got up to pour herself a little more orange juice.

"Well, for the next half hour we listened to his car stereo. There was a Bruce Springsteen special being played on Y-101 and we enjoyed that while he worked his way up a crowded I-95 toward Fort Pierce. I rested my hand on the gear shift and Teddy covered it with his for a while."

"Wow! You two are getting romantic! What's going on?"

"Umm...that's the interesting part! We had never really held hands like that and after about ten minutes of it, I looked at him and said, 'Hey...this is nice, but what's with the 

hand-holding? Are you getting soft on me?'

"Teddy looked at me and said, 'That's something I want to talk to you about.' 

"I caught his eye and replied, 'Talk about that? We talk on the phone three or four times a week...I was thinking we're pretty clear on the subject!'

"He said, 'Yeah, I know; when we talk we're clear, but when we're together...we feel like a couple, and I just want to make sure.'

"So I figured I'd start, 'Okay...to me, if you're gonna be a couple, you gotta be...umm.. exclusive, ya know? Do you agree?'

"Teddy looked at me and smiled, 'Yes...I would say that's the way it should be.'

"I took him by the hand again, 'Right, cuz even though I want to be with you as much as I can, I have other people that I'm very interested in also...and right now...I'm just not ready to give up my other friends.' He looked at me thoughtfully. The traffic had thinned out and we were making good time now. 'You're okay with that aren't you?'

"He said, 'I would be, yeah...but if we're gonna continue with the kind of relationship we have, then I think I need to come clean about a few things.'

"That was surprising, 'Like what?'

"He was mysterious. 'Ohhh, like...the fact that...umm...well, you know...you've told me all about you and Nancy and the others, but I haven't really told you straight about me!'

"I was a little shocked by this admission, Nance! I'd not even considered that Teddy might fool around with other girls besides me!"

"A guy like, Ted?" I snickered. "A football player? A body like that? I don't know...if he weren't C.J.'s cousin, I might...Oh, my God!" Felecia laughed at that, Nicole! Not that we didn't share most everything anyway! So I asked her, "Is he fucking another girl besides you?"

Felecia laughed really hard at that, "Those are the exact words that I asked him...and he said, 'Uhh...well...I,' 

"I said, 'C'mon...we're big boys and girls now, what's her name?'

"Teddy looked at me, 'Her name's Lauren, she's a cheerleader at my school and my next-door-neighbor. We've been friends...close friends... for about a year now.'

"I looked at him, 'And you're cheating on her with me? On top of that, you're bringing me home...next door to her?'

"He shook his head, 'She's not my girlfriend; we just hang out together some.'

"So I asked, 'Do you have sex with her?'

"Teddy looked flushed, 'Uhhh...yes.'

"That made me giggle, 'Is she good?'

"Teddy burst out laughing! I don't think he expected me to ask that; but after all the phone conversations we've had in the last month, he still doesn't realize that I'm not the jealous type. When we both were ready he offered, 'Yep, she's pretty damn talented! Like you're not upset by this at all, are you Felecia?'

"I smiled and said, 'Not a bit...you know I like you, Teddy, you turn me on sooo bad! And I wouldn't spend six or seven hours on the phone with you every week if I didn't enjoy it. So let's just have our fun and not worry about a relationship, okay? If this Lauren is cool, I mean hot... then that's good! Like...it might happen someday that we have a relationship, but I like how it is right now. We can't be together that much, it's too far...so I understand.'

"He replied, 'You're somethin', Felecia; and that's kinda what I wanted to talk to you about.'

"I said, 'Huh? What do you mean?'

"It all was starting to sound serious to me, 'Well you don't fake nuthin', he said, 'you just say what you want. I like that about you! And on top of that, you don't hold it against other people when they speak their mind, either!'

"That was a sweet thing to say to me, 'Oh...I just found that I like my friends better when we're honest.'

"He smiled and said, 'Yeah, I'm thinkin' that's a good way to be. Which is why I wanna tell you something.'

"Teddy seemed a little nervous, but I was thinking, 'Oh, my God...this might be really good!' So I urged him a little, 'Okay...what's that? Is it some juicy little secret?' 

"Teddy grinned, 'Nahh...but it sure could be fun! I'll tell you, but I'm gonna have to tell 

you the story behind it first. Maybe three weeks ago, Lauren and four of her cheerleader  

friends had a party after the regional game. There were only about twelve of us there because one of the friends, Mary, had to promise her parents she'd keep the party small. She also promised there would be no booze there. Anyways...we kept one of the promises!

'Well...once the drinkin' got started, everyone began to loosen up quite a bit. There was a lot of horsin' around and kissin'. Lauren and I were going at it pretty good. Mary had this wide screen TV and I'm not sure how it happened...but all of a sudden a porno started up on it. We all sat down to watch...and Goddd! It was really hot in there! We had all the beer, and then watchin' three or four couples fucking, well...just say it was getting pretty steamy!'

"I asked him at that point, 'Were people getting naked?'

'Uhmm...well, not yet! I had my hands under Lauren's shirt and her hand was strokin' my dick right through my jeans.'

'Mmm...that's sounds like it was gonna be fun!'

'Fuck yeah...it was...but then something happened that changed everything.'

'What was that?'

'Uhh...well...on the TV...a scene started, a girl/girl scene! When they all realized what 

it was, everyone went kinda silent for a second...then there was a lot of hootin' and hollerin' and such. The two girls on the screen were kissing and suckin' at each other's tongues and Petey Torres says, 'Fuck! That's so hot! Say...have any of you chicks tried somethin' like that?' All the guys went to hollerin' louder...and Jimmy Thoms says, 'Mary, you're sitting right there with Katie...why don't you kiss her like that! So Mary's kinda drunk by this time and she looks at Katie and she's laughing and touching her face and getting all embarrassed. The guys keep saying, go on and kiss her and finally Katie grabs Mary by the back of the neck and they start.'

'Oh, my God...I might have liked to see that!'

'Yeah, they kinda started slow...but pretty soon they're kissin hot just like in the movie, which by the way the two girls on there are laying out in a sixty-nine and just chewin' on each other's pussy lips and they're screamin'. You can tell Katie and Mary are havin' fun and they're reacting to the guys in the room too. Katie has her knee between Mary's legs and she's pushing into her pussy and suckin' all over her neck. Jerry Profitt yells, 'Grab her tits, Mary, play with her tits...and Mary does it right away!'

"I'm sitting there listening to Teddy, Nance, and getting wetter by the second! Teddy was obviously getting very turned on telling it. It was the perfect time to reach into his shorts, and, sure enough, his dick was soooo hard again. This time when I wrapped my hand around his shaft; Teddy moaned big-time...right in the middle of a sentence! I jacked him very light three or four times and then squeezed his prick firmly just at the base! Teddy gasped...and stopped talking and I giggled and squeezed him again! Teddy shivered and groaned. So I said, 'You like that? You like it when you're telling me this hot story and I rub your cock for you? Haha... just keep those eyes on the road, my big fuck-toy!'

"Teddy grinned and said, 'You wanna hear what happened next?'

'Shit yesss! This is getting me hot...I may need you to lick my pussy again in a minute! Did Mary and Katie start fucking?'

'Well, pretty soon they were talked out of their clothes and Katie had Mary down on the 

floor eating out her pussy. They were wild, Felecia, I gotta tell ya'! It was sooo fuckin' hot in that room! Every guy but me had their cock out and was strokin' it, cept me...but I sure wanted to!'

'What was Lauren doing?'

'Yeah...that's the thing! It was about right then that I realized what all the other girls in the room were doing. One girl, Jordan, was sitting next to Jimmy and she was down on his cock, suckin' him off like mad...and Taylor was sitting kinda close to Mary and Katie. She had her knees drawn up to her face and she was watchin' them. Katie had Mary really close to cumming...Goddd! She was moanin' non-stop and saying, 'I'm gonna cum... Oh, my Goddd... you're gonna make me cum, Katie!

'And then I realized...Lauren was squeezing the shit out of my hand! She was sittin' a little behind me on the other sofa, like hiding behind me, watchin' Mary and Katie and holdin' my hand. She was moaning just loud enough for me to hear, 'Oh, my Goddd!Mmm...Unghh...Ohhhh... Godddd!' 

'I said to her, 'Babe? I bet you like this...' I could see she did! Her right hand was behind my arm and she was touchin' herself, squeezin' her boob and pinchin' at her nipple. So I said again, 'You like it, right?'

'Lauren leaned over and whispered to me, 'Sooo fuckin' hot! Oooo...Teddy...Mmmm!'

'Would you like that?' I said, kissin' her on the neck and whisperin' right back. 'Do you

wanna go join them?'

'She looked at me funny, 'Nooo, I can't...I don't think I'm ready to. They're my friends...I can't...'

'They're doin' it, why can't you?'

'I'm just not ready...'

'By this time, Mary had switched it around and had Katie's pussy in her mouth. Katie's ass was arched off the floor! She was holdin' her tit and shaking like a leaf screamin', 'Ohhh... FUCK! MARY...OHHHH, FUCKKK!! I'M CUMMMINGG... AHHHH!!'

'Jimmy was yellin' too and I looked over at him just in time to see his cum shootin' all over Jordan's chin and tits! Her shirt was pulled up and she had her mouth open, tryin' to catch some of it!'
