 Dear Nicole,

Yes, you're so right! It was just awesome how much fun I was having! Felicia and I spent many hours after school at my house, since both my parents worked and my mom didn't get home until 5:30. We'd work on homework together and then have some sexy fun for an hour or so until she got home. God, there was a stretch of about two months from January to March where I seriously thought about openly becoming a couple with her. I think she might have wanted to...but then we'd get together on the weekend with some of the guys and have an incredible party. I'd sneak off with C.J. mostly and he would fuck me into realizing that I couldn't give up men for now. C.J. and I were getting so close too. I was really confused about the direction I wanted to go.

But one Saturday night in late April, we had a blow-out party to end all parties. On top of that, something happened there that made me decide what direction my sex life should go. You already know that I chose guys because here I am married to Jason for several years... and I couldn't be happier! Oh, there are still some fun things I want to do. In fact, I've been doing some fun things lately that I haven't told you about! Perhaps I will in another letter, but we'll see.

We had this party at C.J.'s house and everyone was there. I don't know if I ever told you, but Tim and Jon played baseball and they invited about half of their teammates. Megan ran track and she brought the other three girls from her two relay teams. Even Teddy was down from Port St. Lucie for this one, and he brought his friend Lauren. I wondered if there would be a problem between Felecia and her, but there wasn't. C.J.'s mom and dad sure had their hands full because there were kids and food everywhere. A few times I thought that one of the neighbors might call the police (we were so loud), but the cops never showed up.

Anyway...the significant thing that happened, setting up the whole evening, was that C.J.'s mom slipped on the wet pool deck (as we found out later, she broke her ankle) and had to go to the emergency room. Oh, my god, Nicole, when his parents left, you wouldn't believe what took place! The problem was that there were approximately twenty guys there and only eleven or so girls. The couples hooked up immediately; I don't even know where they disappeared to, although I did see Bobbi Rinker and Freddy Merrill grab a beach towel and head off into the corner of the yard. Pretty soon the only girls that were accounted for were me, Felecia, Lauren, Megan and her track friend Nina. The five of us, and the remaining nine guys, gathered in the family room. C.J. brought out a bottle of rum and we added that to our Cokes. After that, goddd! Did it ever get out of hand! 

Felecia, Lauren and Teddy disappeared and I was sitting on the sofa with my drink in front of me, C.J. on my left and Manny, one of the baseball players, on my right. I had never spoken to Manny much before this, but he seemed very cool...not trying to dominate the conversation. Oh, Nicole! You should have seen the thighs on that boy! He must have gotten them from playing sports, but I wouldn't have minded pulling down his pants to take a closer look! 

Megan and Nina were dancing with a couple of the other guys, Alex and James. They were really getting into it and I said to C.J., "Wow! That Nina looks good out there, doesn't she?" 

"Yeah, she's pretty smooth; she's got the perfect ass for dancing, don'tcha think?"

I giggled at that. "The perfect ass for dancing? Is there such a thing?"

"Sure there is; I don't mean size or nuthin'...I mean the way she moves it!"

Manny heard the last comment and said, "I've danced with Nina before; she's hot!"

I took a closer look at her butt as she spun and shook it. C.J. was right; Nina knew what she was doing. She held her ass at a certain angle and at the end of each turn she rotated her hips so perfectly! I could have sworn she was riding a cock!

"Goddd, I see it! Everything she does says she's into fucking!" Then I added, "But it's not slutty..."

"Nope," replied Manny, "but watch how her hands play off the sides of her breasts. Almost like she's offering them to James."

"She'd make a great stripper!" exclaimed C.J., a wicked grin widening his face. Then he leaned over and whispered in my ear, "You girls ever had Nina join you?"

I giggled and then took another sip of my rum and coke, "Not me, but maybe Megan has! Look!"

Megan had moved over and was slithering against Nina so very erotically! Each of them had a thigh in between each other's legs and under their tiny jean skirts they were grinding their thong-covered pussies against each other in rhythm to the music. James had moved to the side and he had one hand on each of their asses, pushing them together! It was perfectly clear from the bulge in his shorts how excited he was and when Alex moved around so I could check him out, the outline of his erection was just as prominent!

This time I whispered in C.J.'s ear, "Goddd, would you look at all the hard dick in this room! How is yours doing?"

I heard him groan low in his throat, "Ohhh Fuckin' eh! Check it out!"

When I slid my hand up the inside of his thigh from the knee, C.J. opened his legs enough for me to cup his balls right through his jeans! The heel of my hand pressed against his hard-on and I rode my palm up and down his shaft. "Watching his face contort with pleasure, I facetiously said right out loud, "Does that feel good when I do that?" 

"Damn," said Manny next to me, "that feels good WATCHING you do it!"

I looked at Manny and smiled. He really was very cute, all squirming around on the sofa next to me. His cock looked like it might burst through his zipper too, so I turned to C.J. and (with my free hand) reached for his neck and pulled his face to mine for a deep tongue-kiss. (God, Nicole, I didn't even know where my drink went...except, there it was on the end table later.) After perhaps ten seconds of that, I reached for Manny's thigh, caressing it; then...to really get his motor running...I scraped my nails lightly against the taut material inside the thigh near his cock! There was an audible hiss as I came so close to touching his balls.

I giggled and said to Manny, "I kinda like where this is going," and then turning to C.J. I added, "do you?"

Right at the moment, C.J. was sprawled against the back of the sofa, his knees splayed wide with my hand clutching and rubbing his shaft through his jeans. "Fuck yeah!" he gurgled. For a brief minute I remembered the night that C.J. and Tim had me in his bedroom and I almost suggested that the three of us go there again. Good thing I didn't, because then I would have missed what happened next.

James reached for Nina's ass, putting his hand down the back of her shorts. From the look on her face, he had to be fingering her crack and asshole! When Megan saw this, she ran her hands against her friend's tits and then down to the bottom of her tank. Nina raised her arms and Megan grasped the hem and peeled the shirt up and over her head. Nina was braless and her large, brown nipples were extremely hard. She leaned back a bit so that her left breast jutted out toward Megan and my little red-haired friend giggled and pinched at the pointy teat, shaking the tit and letting the nipple snap back. 

You could tell the sensations were getting to Nina. James' fingers were working her ass and Megan was kneading her tits and kissing at her neck and ears. Alex decided to get involved and he started kissing Nina, too. Placing one hand on the back of each girls' head, he gently urged them together. I could hear Nina gasp audibly when Alex's tongue slipped into her mouth. Nina fumbled weakly, pulling at Megan's shirt and when she finally got it up, she cupped the red-haired girl's small, hanging tits with both hands, palming her nipples and tickling the creases between her breasts and rib cage. 

Megan practically lost it then! She started pulling down Nina's skirt and when James realized what Megan was doing, he helped her work them to the floor. Nina was completely nude now, and Megan dropped to her knees in front and glued her mouth to her friend's cunt! Nina's ass jerked sideways when she felt Megan's tongue invade her slit, but it was even more arousing to watch when James knelt behind her, spread her ass cheeks, and plunged his tongue into her ass! Nina screamed!

"Oh, myyy Goddd!" I said hoarsely turning to face C.J. "Do you see that?" C.J. obviously did. His eyes were popping-out-of-his-head fixed on the foursome in front of us. With a groan he started to loosen his belt so I could get a hand down his pants. I was tugging at the waistband trying to get inside and this was not helping him get his zipper down! Meanwhile Manny shifted so that I could grab his dick and I did! Mmmm, Nicole, Manny wasn't real big, but he was hard as a rock! "Get your pants open too, Manny!" I urged. He didn't react to that right away. Instead he leaned into me for a kiss, and just as our lips began sucking at each other's, my hand found C.J.'s velvety, soft hard-on!  

"Ohh Babyy!" C.J. moaned, "I've been waiting for some of you all week!" Cee reached under my shirt and pushed up my bra. My tit fell into his palm and he squeezed it erotically, pinching the nipple pretty hard and rolling it! I couldn't stop kissing Manny, but I did manage to say into his mouth, "Ohhh Ceee...suck my tit! Goddd!"

C.J. squeezed my boob and began flicking his tongue hard against the point of my nipple. Every chill bump I had exploded to the surface and when he wrapped his lips around the teat and sucked at it, I groaned loudly, pulling his face tightly onto my tit and smothering him! Every square inch of me was on fire and I was dying for someone to stuff his thick cock in my pussy, fuck me and make me cum hard! It was right then, Nicole, that I realized that I would always enjoy girls, but it was cock that I would prefer! I don't know why it hit me right then; it seems kind of funny thinking about it now.

I glanced over at the other four and just as I did Nina doubled over and cried out, "Ohhh Fuckkkking meee, I'm cummmminggg!" as her orgasm shook her. James had two fingers in her pussy and was still tongue-fucking her ass. Megan was on her knees yet, busily sucking Nina's right tit and Alex had gotten behind Megan now, reaching under her and fingering her clit from behind and licking at the crack of her ass! Megan's face was so funny as she tried to keep sucking Nina's nipples, with Alex's tongue violating her ass!

Nina's orgasm was just the beginning though. Almost immediately she turned and pulled James' pants down, letting his cock spring free. She spread her legs and reached back, spreading herself. James groaned as his cock split her slit. When Nina felt his pole bottom out in her vagina, her face contorted in pleasure! James banged her pussy hard four or five times and then slowed for four or five more thrusts! I could hear Nina squealing with delight and saying, "Ohhh, yesss...Fuck! Oh Fuck Jayyy...Ohhhh fuck my pussyyyy!"

Megan fell on the floor and pulled Alex on top of her. He started kissing her savagely and Megan, that little slut, right in the middle of the kiss looked over at me! She saw me watching and waved her fingers in my direction, then went back at Alex's mouth with gusto. Alex rolled over, pulling Megan on top of him. He was frantically trying to kiss her and work her skirt down at the same time. When he finally got them below her ass cheeks he went back to fingering her anus from behind.

C.J. made me let go of his cock right then, and he crawled off the couch and between my legs. Goddd, I knew he was gonna lick my clit for me and the thought had me shaking! And you know...Manny was such a good kisser! His lips were quite a bit softer than most boys' and his tongue felt magical against mine. He palmed my breast on his side, catching the nipple between his middle and forefinger and twisting it lightly. I felt my pants coming off, and C.J. pushed my knees even wider apart, spreading my legs. "Ooo, Ceee! Eat me so good baby!" I murmured. When his tongue touched my swollen labia, I gasped into Manny's mouth, and when he swirled his tongue around my clit, I groaned deeply and said out loud, "OHHH FUCKK, C.J.! Mmm...Lick it just like that!"

Manny had to stop kissing me then, but he looked into my eyes and whispered, "Ooohh Babyyy! You like that pretty little pussy gettin' eaten...don't you! He's good, right Babyyy?" You know, Nicole, at that point I was glad that he slid down and started to suck and lick at my nipple; first because it felt so damn good, but also because I wanted to watch Cee's eyes while he ate my cunt. He was flat-licking my slit from ass to clit and I was going crazy! 

And then (I don't know how he did it so quick) all of a sudden, there was Manny's hard-on swinging right in front of my face...so I stuck my tongue out and licked at it. Manny grabbed his own shaft and pushed it into my receptive mouth. "Oh, myy Goddd!" he groaned, grabbing my hair and sliding his thick cock in deeper. The situation was so overheating now and I felt my first orgasm building up in my center. I squealed around his dick, "Ohhh, Oooo... FUCK! It's cumming, Cee! Uhnnggg...mmm...Oh, my Godd...my pussy's gonna cum and I can't hold it! Manny pulled out when I said that and then I exploded! Fuck Yeah! I couldn't believe how hard I came! It was one of those explosive kind that come in wave after wave of contractions! Manny and C.J. stroked me and chuckled as my body jerked wildly and shook with pleasure. God, was it good!

When I opened my eyes, C.J. was right in front of my face and he kissed me hungrily for several long seconds; we really ate each other's mouths and tongues. I got a hold of his hard dick again and stroked it as his kisses made their way to my ear. "You need my cock to fuck your pussy, Babe?" There was a measure of pleading in his tone, but he didn't wait for me to answer. "I think you need some doggie...don't you?"

"Yeah, fuck me!" I replied. Together they lifted me up and stripped off the rest of my clothes. Manny pulled over the big ottoman and I laid chest down on it. 

Oh, my Godd, Nicole! It was then I saw Megan and Nina again! Actually, I heard them and that made me look in their direction. It was such a sight that I'll never forget it! All four of them had gotten naked. Alex was kneeling down (sitting on his heels) and he had pulled Nina's ass up into his lap. He was holding her by the hips and banging her pussy for all he was worth, jerking her hole onto his pole! She was lying there frigging her clit and trying to wiggle her hips harder and harder onto Alex's dick, but was having trouble because, at the same time, Megan was sitting on Nina's face and grinding her cunt down her friend's mouth. And still that wasn't all! James was standing right in front of Megan, astride of Nina's chest. His cock was in Megan's mouth and he had a hold of her hair. Megan was trying to hang onto the base of James' cock! All of them were moaning and grunting and fucking at each other in a frenzy!

I heard James because he was louder than the others. "Ohh FUCK YEAH, Baby! Yeah!! That's it Megs! Suck my fuckin' cock...MMM...AHHH! Oh YEAH! Suck it! Make it cum Megs! Make my fuckin' dick shoot a load in your mouth!" Megan sure was trying! Her cheeks were hollowed out from the sucking action and every few seconds you could hear the smacking/sucking sounds as his cockhead would pop out of her mouth! Megan's lower body was shuddering and twitching as Nina's talented tongue found it's mark on her clit.

Megan's urgent, little cries were getting louder, and higher pitched. I'd heard them before and knew she was about to orgasm. James was pinching and yanking her hard nipples while she sucked him off, but just as she was about to come she let his dick slide out of her mouth and braced herself with one hand on the floor. Megan's stomach sucked in as the first spasm slammed her. I've always loved watching my friends cum, Nicole, and still do...and Megan's orgasms were always so erotic to watch! I groaned, watching her beautiful body ripple with each contraction. 

I would have started fingering myself, except C.J. had a hold of my ass and his cock slid all the way into my vagina in one quick thrust! I was so fucking aroused that within six or seven thrusts I came again. Behind me I heard Manny say, "Man, she wants it bad, Cee!" Goddd, did I! Watching Megan and Nina in front of me was so hot! Alex had slowed his pace a bit, but Megan had slipped off her face and dropped back a bit. She offered Nina a nipple (from over the top of her head) and Nina began lipping and sucking at it! Megan enjoyed that for a few seconds then she leaned down and started sucking Nina's tit too. Maybe I should say inhaling it because she had as much of Nina's breast in her mouth as she could take!

Just as Nina went off again in another shuddering orgasm, Manny obscured my view by kneeling right in front of me. His dick was so hard that the taut skin glistened and he was leaking pre-cum all over his shaft. "Suck me, Bitch!" he exclaimed, grabbing the back of my head and thrusting his member deep down my throat! I nearly gagged at first, but settled in quickly as C.J.'s thrusts pushed Manny's cock in and then pulled him out of my mouth. 

My tummy and my mound were grinding into the material of the ottoman as C.J. was fucking my cunt and the angle of his hard-on was scraping my g-spot! That sensation, along with the taste of Manny's pre-cum, was just too much and brought me right to the edge again. I was moaning and crying out and when Manny heard all the noise I was making, he said, "Fuck Babbyyy, yessss...cum for us, go 'head...let that pussy cum again right as C.J.'s fuckin' it! I wanna watch you fuckin' cum, Bitch!"

"Ohhh, Myy Goddd!" I screamed as the best orgasm ever ripped through my sex. C.J. was spanking my ass with stinging swats and fucking me so hard and every touch just prolonged the spasms. 

"FUCK!! OH FUUCCKKK!" Manny shouted and pulled out, blowing a huge load all over my mouth and chin. I grabbed his sack and pulled him close again so I could clean him up. God, did his cock taste good! C.J. was thumbing my asshole and banging me and, Nicole, I remember thinking that this was heaven! 

Maybe thirty seconds later I heard C.J. grunt, "OHH, SHIT!" as he emptied his balls in my pussy, and almost immediately I started to come down from this incredible high. C.J. rolled away from me and I looked back. He was slumped against the sofa, his head lolling back against the armrest. Manny had flopped in front of me and was sitting cross-legged on the floor. I sat up weakly on the ottoman, tired...but feeling pretty good!

"Oh, my God, that was HOT!" said a familiar voice in the corner. 

Looking over at Felecia, I smiled, "Shit! What are you doing over there?"

"Watching you getting some on that ottoman," she replied. Felecia had her shirt pulled up over her tits. The front of her pants was open and her chest was heaving!

"Did you cum too?" I asked her, "I bet you did!"

"Yes, thanks a lot;" she said giggling, "I just got cleaned up from before and walking into this room turned me on all over again!"

I managed to laugh, "You're insatiable, you know!"

I kissed C.J. and Manny. C.J. had this "Oh-so-soft" look in his eyes! I knew that he was in love with me, Nicole, and I liked that feeling. Felecia helped me gather my things and we went to the bathroom together, then went home. 

The clock on my endtable said 4:00 am, but I was still wide awake. I laid on my back thinking of everything that had transpired in the last eight months. No matter what way I looked at it, it always came back to one thing. Sex was fun, but I wanted a family and children with a man, not a woman. I thought of my parents and their lifestyle; they seemed to have it all just the way they wanted it, why couldn't I? Right then and there I decided to give it a try with C.J., and with that thought in my mind, I finally drifted off to sleep.
