 Dear Nicole,

Yeah, it sure was different having a boyfriend, my first one! For the first two weeks I really didn't know what to think. I was enjoying it, to be sure, but it felt completely different. Like three days later, C.J. was busy after school. Jon invited Jessi, me and Tim over to his house to hang out. Normally, after a snack and some heavy flirting we probably would have ended up having a little fun. When the fooling around started, Jessi and Jon were kissing and Tim was snuggling closer. The only way out of it was to tell all three of them that C.J. and I were a couple and that I'd have to cool it. They were all excited about that (although Jon seemed a little put out because, in her excitement, Jessi forgot about him.)

"Does this mean you're off-limits now, Nance?" asked Tim with a big grin on his face. 

"Yeah, it's all pretty new at the moment, but I'm really excited!"

"You just be happy then," said Jessi as she gave me a big hug, "I'm excited for you!"

"Goddd, they're droppin' like flies," wailed Jon in a mock tone. He glanced over at Tim: "First Ricky and Angela (your ex, Timmy), then Felecia and this Teddy dude, and now Nance and C.J. Pretty soon all the parties will be 'couples only'!"

Jessi nuzzled her shoulder into Jon's ribs. "Maybe you and me will have to party by ourselves sometimes!" We all laughed! Jessi was sure coming out of her shell nicely!

Tim said, "Damn, maybe we'll have to start thinking about getting girlfriends again, Jonny!"

"Not me," Jon snickered, "we'll just have to expand our little circle of single friends again."

"That's not a bad idea," Tim rejoined, "but who do you have in mind, and even more important, who can we trust?"

"I watched Nance with Manny Silvera the other night; It sure looked like he fit in rather well!" Jon leered at me in a rather teasing sort of way, and Goddd, did I ever blush!

"Hell yeah! That was so hot, Nance!" Tim caught on to the tone of this conversation. "Tell us, Babe...when he fit that big thing in you, did it feel good?" I blushed again...furiously!

Jessi slapped Jon on the arm. "Hey, stop it you guys!"

When Jon burst out laughing, I decided to get him back big-time. "Oh, I get it! You guys want to add Manny to our little group because you want him yourself, right?" This time the boys colored bright red as Jessi whooped with laughter. "You liked his 'big thing', huh Timmy?" When I said that, I thought Jessi was going to pee her pants!

Jon grinned, poked his finger in Jessi's direction and replied, "Well, If I was gonna change sides with Manny, maybe you lezzies could give me some pointers!" 

Even I had to laugh at that...but the laughter stopped abruptly when Tim held out his hands and said, "Hey, hey...HEY!"

"What?" said Jon, turning to look at Tim.

"What do you mean, 'you lezzies'?"

We had been hangin' with Timmy so much lately that it was easy to forget he didn't know about us girls. When Jon realized what had just happened, he looked at me as if he'd just been slapped in the face! "Ooops!" 

I looked at Tim blankly, "What, baby boy? He didn't mean anything by that."

"Bullshit, he didn't; I heard his tone! What have you girls been doing lately?"

Thinking quickly, I said, "If we were lesbians, would I have agreed to be couples with C.J., and Felecia with Teddy?"

Tim wasn't buying it, Nicole. He grinned and laid his hand on my arm, "Look, Babe, if you want to keep it a secret, it's cool. But tell me what's going on...like you know you can trust me."

Jessi and I studied each other's faces. There was no objection in her expression so I shrugged and said to Tim, "Okay, since you're not gonna tell anyone...a few of us have been...uhhh...'friendly'...for the last several months!"

"Are you shittin' me? What do you mean by 'a few of us'?"

"A bunch of us...Duhhh!"

"Oh, my God! So that's why the other night...Damn! That's why I was thinking to myself that Megan really looked like she knew what she was doing with Nina!"

"Of course, she and..."

Tim interrupted me, "And you're obviously in on this, Jess?"

Jessi answered quickly, "Yep, and Felecia and Kelly Conway too."

Tim turned to Jon, "When did you find out?"

"I don't know, a little before Christmas? You were so tight with Angela yourself at the time it never seemed like we needed to tell you."

"Is Nikki in on this too?"

"Nooo," I responded, but looking at Jessi I raised an eyebrow, "but we're trying to break her down!"

We all howled with laughter at that. Tim grabbed me by the hand, pulled me close and gave me a big hug. He whispered in my ear, "Well, it won't be long...who could resist your fine ass, Nance! C.J. sure can't!" I blushed and pushed away from him, but he continued, "So are you giving up girls now too...since you and Cee are...a couple?"

Wiping a tear out of the corner of my eye, I said, "No, I'm not; when C.J. and I talked, I made it clear to him!"

"Cool! Then let's have a little fun right now; whaddaya say?"

I stared at him blankly, "Huh, what do you mean? When this whole thing started I said that..."

Tim interrupted again, "I don't mean you and me; I mean you and Jessi!" I heard Jessi gasp loudly.

"Holy shit! That's a great idea!" Jon echoed.

"Here? Right now?" God, this really surprised me...I was so shocked. But like you probably know by now, it sounded exciting. 

"Yeah!" Tim replied, "C'mon let me see how the two of you have fun; you want to?"

"I don't know...I..." I was stammering, Nicole, half in surprise and half in excitement; quite taken aback by where this was going; but, Oh my God, knowing we were going to have some fun!

"Damn, Nance...the other night...watching Megan and Nina? Fuck....that was so hot! I wanna watch you and Jessi go at it! How horny are you? You wanna go at her shit?"

I looked at Jessi. She was blushing profusely, but her eyes were flashing with desire! I could hear the urgent, little, moaning sounds coming from her throat. "You wanna do this, Jess?"

"Oh, my God! With them watching?" Jessi's voice was crackling with emotion; she was ready to play, I could tell. "Umm...yesss...I do want to!" 

When Jessi said that, a violent tremor shook me from head to foot and I could feel I was instantly wet! It hit me that Jessi and I had never done this together alone before. I leaned over and whispered to her, "Oh Goddd...I think I want your pussy so bad, you dirty, little girl!" 

Jessi blushed again and whispered back, "Ohh Fuck Yeah! Let's give them a really good show! I'm so horny now, I could die!"

I grabbed the back of her hair and yanked her face to mine pretty hard and Jessi reached both hands behind my head and pulled our faces together in a torrid kiss! Our tongues were instantly plunging into each other's mouths and Jessi leaned her body into mine, so tightly we were like welded together. 

I heard the guys gasping, and Tim said, "Holy Shit!" when he saw the ferocity of our need. Jessi and I fell to the floor and I pulled her on top of me, sliding her terry shorts halfway down her pretty, little butt...exposing the top of her ass cheeks and half her crack. Jessi moaned into my mouth when my fingers slid deep into her crack and this time I heard Tim say, "OH, Fucking Goddd! Look at that shit!"

Nicole, I've been turned on before, and there have been times where I thought there was no way I could possibly be aroused more...but this...Oh, MY GOD! My body was completely overcome by an onslaught of hormones! I was so fucking turned on that I almost felt nauseous! The kissing got so physical that one time I thought Jessi was going to suck my tongue out of my head.

Jessi and I rolled onto our sides and I caught a glimpse of the guys. Their eyes were popping out of their heads as I'm sure they had never dreamed two girls could be that sexually hungry for each other. Jessi forced her thigh between my legs and into my crotch and she banged it into my cunt in rhythm with our fierce kissing. And dammit...if she didn't catch my clit just right under my clothes, ratcheting the heat that was blazing up inside of me even higher. I started dry humping her thigh in a frenzy, crying into her mouth shrilly and frantically trying to pull her shorts the rest of the way down without letting go of those sucking, kissing lips! 

When Jon saw me trying to do that he said, "Fuck yeah! C'mon girls...get naked for us; let's see some tits and pussy!"

That seemed to break the spell a bit; we stopped kissing and managed to get Jessi to her feet. I was kneeling in front of her and I yanked her shorts the rest of the way down. I had both hands on her ass now, squeezing the soft flesh and working a fingertip into her asshole! Jessi spread her legs to give me a little more access and as my finger rimmed her anus, she squealed and grabbed my head around the ears. 

"Ohhh, FUCK!" She cried, pulling my face forward and stepping a leg over my shoulder so that her pussy swung directly toward my mouth. "Ungg...Uhhh...Unnnnn, Oh, Goddd Yesss...Eat it Nance! Eat my pussy for me...Make my pussy cum baby!"

With a loud groan I spread her ass cheeks with my fingers and plunged my tongue as deeply as I could between her labia, stabbing into her vaginal hole and trying to rub my nose against her wet clit! The sensations were overwhelming her, I'm sure! Jessi reached for and pulled up her tube top and I heard her giggle loudly! Those fucking guys must have looked so funny ogling her tits as they quivered into view. Glancing up I saw her kneading those beautiful titties provocatively! She was pinching her nipples and giggling, half because I was attacking her slit with my tongue, and half because those boys faces must have looked so hilarious.

My tongue reached the perfect spot then because she suddenly said, "Ohh God, Nance yesss...That's it, right there!" and she took me by the head again and ground her cunt down on my mouth. I opened my mouth as wide as I could and sucked both of her pussy lips inside, tonguing her clit as hard as I could. 

I heard Jon say, "Ohhh Fuckkkk Nance! You got her...look at Jess, Tim...she's gonna fuckin' cum any second!" 

He no sooner said that, than Jessi's ass cheeks clenched hard in my hands and she squealed, "Ohhh, Godddd...I'm cummingggg!" She sat hard on my face and came violently, doubling over as eight or nine strong spasms shook her. I tried to keep my mouth glued to that sweet little cunt, but it was no use. As Jessi was trembling with after-shocks, she pushed me to the floor away from her.

My face was soaked with her juices and as I wiped at it I said, "Did that feel good, Baby?" Jessi knelt above my shoulders and we started kissing again, almost as hotly as before. It was a little different because I could tell she was tasting herself on my face. 

At one point she whispered into my mouth, "Oh Goddd, I came so fucking hard!" 

Her left hand slipped between my legs and she started squeezing my pussy right through the material. It was then I realized I was lying at the perfect angle to see Tim and Jon. Both of them had their jeans open and their briefs lowered so that their hard cocks were sticking outward into their hands. Jon was sitting splay-legged against the sofa about five feet away from me and Tim was sitting on one of the cushions cupping and squeezing his balls while his shaft bounced around above his hand!

I broke the kiss a second and said to them, "Don't jerk off too soon boys; I bet Jessi might want some of that hot stuff sprayed on her later!"

Tim looked at me aghast, but then he broke out in this huge grin when he realized I was joking with him, "You fuckin' hot bitches!" He pumped his stiff dick a few times. "And you had to go and hook up with C.J., Nance! That's so fuckin' too bad, you slut, cuz I know you want some dick right now!" He shook his hard-on at me and said, "Go ahead and eat some more pussy while we watch...Fuck each other real good, you fucking lesbians, and then Jon and I will double-cock Jessi and make you watch, Nance! And you won't be able to do anything but watch and play with that wet cunt cuz you don't want these cocks anymore!"

Nicole, when Tim said that every sexual nerve in my body just exploded! Jessi felt it too. We both frantically started pulling my clothes off. Jessi unclasped my bra and when my tits fell free, she groaned loudly and cupped my right boob, sucking the nipple into her mouth and flicking at the hard, little point. I gasped and groaned as she bit the teat, and from my sitting position I reached between her legs and began fingering her again!

I thought I was gonna cum just from the tit-sucking she was giving me, but she abruptly stopped and got on her knees. Grabbing me behind the head, she held up her right tit and pulled my face onto it, proclaiming, "Okay, my turn...suck this tit you little bitch!"

Oh, my God...Jessi screamed when I started biting her hard, fat nip! At that point she was upright on her knees with her legs spread and three of my fingers inside her. Fuck, was she ever wet! My fingers were going like pistons up into her snatch and I knew that she was gonna cum again super-quick! "Ohhh Nannccyyy! Ohhh Godddd...yeah! Fuck Yeah...OHH FUCKKK MEE YEAHHH...Ohhhhhhhh!"

I switched to sucking the other tit so I could get another look at the boys. Both of them had their pants farther down and they were jerking themselves lightly and tickling their balls with the other hand. Jon saw me peeking and just about killed me with what he did next. He wiped a drop of pre-cum from off the head of his erection and reached over, offering me a taste! Nicole, I couldn't help it! I let go of Jessi's nipple for a second and sucked his finger into my mouth to taste him. I remember thinking to myself that the way this was going...it was gonna get out of hand!

When I started finger-fucking Jessi again, I noticed that her hand was down there as well and she was frigging her clit. I groaned and started pounding her with my three fingered attack and in no time she screamed and came again HARD! Her ass shook and jerked as each spasm rolled through her center, and I reached around her hips and held her to me tight so I could feel her cum!

You would have thought that Jessi would have been spent, exhausted by her two orgasms...but just the opposite was true; she seemed even more energized. She almost immediately pushed me onto my back and went at my tits again, pushing them together and tonguing both nipples at the same time. I was starting to feel that if I didn't cum soon, I was gonna go insane. I would have said something, but Jessi was too engrossed in sucking my titties so I reached down and started frigging myself just as she had. God, Nicole, I think I was in heaven! My cunt was so wet and so on fire that I knew if I just stroked my clit five or six times, I'd cum. 

And then...that Jon! Oh, my God...that over-heated bastard! He just couldn't stay out of it, Nicole. Watching him as he took off the rest of his clothes, I groaned as those great thighs and that wonderful dick of his appeared naked and exposed to me! God, I wanted that cock right then! That motherfucker crawled up behind Jessi and started feeling up her ass while she continued to suck my breasts. Jessi's eyes snapped open when she felt him and I giggled at her shocked look. Jon didn't waste any time. He leaned down behind her and started lapping at our sexy, blond friend's asshole, sucking at it noisily and tongue-fucking her anus really hard!

"Ohhhhh FUUCKKKK!" Jessi screamed, pulling off my tit and looking behind her at Jon's face buried between her ass cheeks. I grabbed her head and pulled her face back around to mine, kissing her hard and aggressively. Jessi was moaning non-stop and sucking at my tongue.

"Finger me, Jess!" I begged, "Finger my wet slit, bitch, HURRY! Ohh Goddd, I need to cum!"

Jessi went back to kissing my titties and her fingers found my clit just as I asked. She strummed my hard, wet nub and circled it fast...driving me quickly toward a cum. I knew it wouldn't take long. "Ohhh Yessss, babyyy...FUCK! Ohhh Fuck yeahhh...right there...that's my spot...that's it...Mmmmm....fuck it! Yesss! Ohhhh yesss...I'm gonna CUM! OHHH!" Dammit! she made me cum all over her hand, Mmmm...so damn hard, Nicole! 

And I wasn't even finished cumming when I heard Jessi scream herself. Jon was just sucking her ass so ferociously that Jessi had been cumming right along with me for her third orgasm! 

"Ohhh Shit! That was so good!" Jessi was perspiring and breathing hard but her eyes were still flashing with desire and she got up on her knees and whipped around. Jon pulled her close and then they began making out. I was massaging my breasts and watching them, twisting my nipples and working myself up again.

All of a sudden there was Tim right beside me, holding his hard dick by the base and kind of offering it to me. "You sure you don't want to suck a little cock, Nance?" He wasn't really begging but he sure wanted me to get him off. 

I really wanted to but I said, "Timmy...no, I...no, I can't."

We both turned to look back at Jessi and Jon. My pussy did a flip-flop when we saw Jon just about to bury his cock in Jessi's cunt...doggy style! Jessi was holding apart her ass cheeks and Jon slipped his dick into her tunnel. His first thrust buried him inside her all the way to the base and Jessi groaned loudly and planted her hands firmly on the floor so that she could brace herself against his thrusting!

"Damn-good Jon!" Tim said, "Fuck the little slut's pussy...I'm gonna let her suck me off in front!"

Oh my God, Nicole! I wish I could adequately describe Jessi's face as Jon began pushing his hard cock into her tight little cunt. Almost immediately, he started fucking her hard and fast and she was responding like a bitch in heat! "Ohh...ohhh... Mmm... mmm...ungg... ahhh...Oh god...uhh...gggg...ahhh!" Jessi was moaning and crying so much...making those little, urgent sounds of sex that I love sooo much! Jon's thighs were popping against her ass! While watching, I suddenly realized I was going to cum because my hand had instinctively started to play with my clit. The orgasm was on me before I knew it and I found myself screaming it out as the waves hit my center!

My eyes were watering so much from the pleasure, I could barely see. But Tim moved onto his knees in front of Jessi and offered her his hard dick to suck. She took him deep immediately and Tim let out a yelp of shock, I think because her teeth caught him a little too aggressively. She loosened that up though and soon he was fucking her mouth and moaning, almost in rhythm with her moans! God, Nicole...this was rapidly turning into one of the hottest things I'd ever seen! Demure little Jessi (not so demure anymore) taking it from both ends! She came again as Jon fucked her, and I thought Jon was about to cum when he pulled out and rolled to the side.

"What happened, Jon?" I asked. He said nothing but got up next to Tim, stroking his cock and watching the blow job continue. 

It was then I heard Tim groaning, "Ohhh Fuckkk Jesss! That's it you little bitch... Mmmm...yeah! Suck it Babyy...yeah! Suck it just like that...Ohhh...Shittt! Yeah! Oh, my godddd....fuckin' suck it...Mmmm!"

Jon was stroking himself faster...and I realized that they were going to cum on her face together! Jessi was going crazy on Tim's cock now and he couldn't last much longer. 

I couldn't help myself, "Cum Timmy...Cum on her fucking face Babbyyy, Ohh yeah! Cum on her face!"

"Yeah..any second...Oooooo...C'mon Jon....Let's spray her!" Jon was chugging like a freight train; his orgasm was close!

Tim pulled out with a yell and a quick three ropes of cum splashed Jessi on the forehead, nose and mouth. Jon was right behind and his first shot landed in her hair, the second on her right cheek! Jessi was crying out and loving it and she grabbed both their dicks and started licking at the sticky stuff oozing from the heads! 
