 The correspondence is between me and a lonely housewife in Calcutta, who has since become a very close friend.

* * * * *

My precious Purvi ,

Just back from my annual marketing trip abroad. Which is why I haven’t been able to write for such a while. Had an absolutely fabulous sexy weekend while in Europe, which I will write about in my next letter. Right now, I'm dying to share this account of this wonderful fuck session I had just before I left.

Remember Rajesh, my steady boyfriend with the fat, thick and dark cock who keeps my cunt well filled and wet? Well, Rajesh had been away for a month in August, making a long overdue visit to his relatives in the South. I was, of course, missing him terribly after less than a week, and not least because I was missing my regular weekly fuck session. So after four weeks of this, you can imagine the state I was in when Rajesh finally called.

After I had fired him for ignoring me all these weeks (it felt like a year!), he apologized profusely and said that he had been real busy running from one relatives’ house to another. Also he had to wait till he found a house where he was close enough to the family to ask whether he could make an expensive long-distance call. Then he said something unusual. He said that he had felt for some time now that our relationship had gotten somewhat routine (not boring) and he wondered if I would be interested in some changes -- and if I agreed, our relationship would enter a new phase. Very curious, I questioned and pressed him to tell me more. But he insisted that I should either agree to trust him or alternatively, we could go back to our original relationship, such as it was. He kept saying that I should not feel pressured in any way. After a very quick think, I called him saying that I was game -- however, he still wouldn’t tell me a thing. He then went on to tell me that he would be returning a week later, but couldn’t tell me exactly when. He just asked me to come to his flat on the following Saturday night -- wearing something nice and sexy!!

You can bet I was there bright and early! I wore one of my favorite saris, a clingy soft silk chiffon that draped itself over my hips and breasts like a soft outer skin. Also some of Rajesh’s favourite jewelery on my ears and deck -- long dangling stuff!!

Rajesh opened the door and grinned happily on seeing me. He was simply dressed in a dressing gown -- I thought at the time that he was in the middle of changing his clothes. As soon as he closed the door, I went gladly into his arms and we kissed long and hungrily. It was nice to feel how he had been missing me -- especially when I moved my legs against his crotch and felt the thickening warmth of his rapidly hardening cock. My tongue in his mouth, I moaned softly at the well remembered feeling -- oh, I wanted him so badly, after all this time. I believe I would have fucked him then and there, but he gently disengaged himself, saying "Come on inside, darling. There’s someone I want you to meet."

I followed him into his living room, where I got a surprise. Sitting there was a young woman, dressed in a pretty pink negligee and watching TV. She got up, smiling. As I looked at Rajesh, confused, he grinned and said "This is Mona, my cousin. She’s staying with me for a while." Mona smiled at me and said " I’m so glad to finally meet you -- Rajesh has been telling me so much about you!"

Quite mystified, I turned and looked at Rajesh, but he was busy pouring me a drink. As he handed me a glass, he said "Mona and I were just about to watch a new film I picked up the other day. Please join us?" Still confused, I joined them on the couch. Rajesh sat between the two of us, his arms outstretched along the back of the sofa.

The film was called "Confessions of a Plumber". It started pretty innocently, with this plumber going into a house where the housewife asks him to fix the flush tank in her bathroom. He rapidly sets it right and she is so grateful for his prompt service that she invites him to have a drink. And while he sips at his drink, she suddenly kneels before him, unzips his fly and starts licking his prick. Then of course, they fuck.

I realized fairly early, that this was a porno film. But decided that I wasn’t going to be the one to say anything, so I kept my eyes on the screen. It was only when the camera moved in to show a close-up of the plumber’s hard dick moving in and out of the blonde housewife’s mouth, that I peeked a look at the others. And boy, was I surprised.

Rajesh was still leaning back, watching the film with evident enjoyment. His arms had by now slipped down from the back of the sofa to our shoulders. But Mona really startled me. She had half turned to Rajesh. Though still watching the film, her hands were now inside his dressing gown, at his crotch, moving busily. There was little doubt what she was doing, and even as I watched, she pulled apart the gown with one hand and Rajesh’s thick dark tool sprang into view. One of her fists was curled tightly around it and I could see the head pulsate with dark blood and the drops of pre-cum leaking from the eye even as she stroked firmly at the warm meat.

I gasped. And Rajesh turned his head and smiled, saying "She also sucks cock so well -- almost as good as you!!" Mona, who was looking down at his thick cock, looked up at this and smiled at me.

Then tucking her hair behind her ear with a quick businesslike movement, she bent her head, her eyes still on mine, and flicked her tongue across the cum slit at the very tip of his dark cock. A thin string of pre-cum stuck to her tongue tip and hung glistening between her lip and the cock head. Rajesh, watching, moaned throatily.

As I watched, fascinated (I had seen a lot of blue films and sex photographs before this, but never actually seen anyone make out in front of me), she bent even further down and commenced moving her tongue all over the sensitive underside of his cock. Her head was tilted to one side, almost as if to give us a better look and her long dark hair, which was open , was lying in a thick pool across Rajesh’s thighs.

Rajesh was now breathing in deep hard breaths -- a sure sign that he was quite excited. He used the arm he had draped over my shoulder to pull me even closer to his side -- then his fingers moved lower. Even as his hand brushed the side of my breast, I was suddenly aware that my nipples were now hard little points --- I could feel a warm wetness in my crotch -- my cheeks were warm -- I was getting really turned on!!

Then with a little cry, Mona widened her lips and sank her mouth around the rounded head of Rajesh’s prick. Her head went lower and lower -- she seemed to be taking an incredible amount of the hard cock-meat into her mouth before she raised her head again and let it slowly slip out -- dark, and wet. Rajesh moaned again and pulled me to him. He faced no resistance -- I was a more than willing participant now.

We kissed long and deep again. His hands were on my breasts through my blouse -- cupping, squeezing, massaging roughly. It was my turn to moan, lost in passion. I ran my hands over his muscular chest, enjoying the feel of his chest hair. There was a warm wetness between my thighs, and I could feel it squish every time I moved my legs.

Suddenly Rajesh broke off our kiss, and leaned back, breathing hard. As I watched, panting too, he then took Mona gently by her hair and lifted her bobbing head from his groin. I looked on, enviously, as her lips reluctantly let go of the hard meat with a soft wet ‘plop’. Then smiling at both of us, he said " If we’re going to do this lets do it properly. Why don’t you lovely beauties undress each other?"

Mona and I looked at each other. She slowly lifted herself off the couch, even as I rose myself. And looking deep into her eyes, I leaned forward and pressed my lips to hers. Almost immediately, I felt the soft fullness of her lips part and her tongue pressed forward, slipping easily into my mouth. We kissed long and hard, our tongues coiling around each other. I could taste Rajesh’s cock in her mouth, and that really got me excited.

Meanwhile, Mona had her hands on my breast, my waist, everywhere. I felt the buttons of my blouse being skillfully and easily unsnapped. And then her hands went behind me and I felt an instant release as she unclasped my bra. We broke the kiss and Mona stepped back, admiring my boobs. "My goodness, you’re so beautiful", she murmured, pulling at the string bow of her negligee. It swung open, loose around the throat. Then her hands were pulling at the knot of my sari, and as it loosened and fell about my feet, she was already reaching for the waistband of my petticoat. Equally eager, I pulled open the collar of her loosened negligee, and it fell off her shoulders, revealing a pair of superb breasts, each crowned with a pointed reddened nipple.

As her negligee fell to the floor, I gently pushed Mona back till she was sitting on the couch. I was down to my panties by now, but I ignored my own building desire -- I wanted to see Rajesh sink his cock into her! "I think he wants me to get you hot for him, darling," I said, smiling at Mona as I knelt between her legs, placing a hand over her luxuriant black bush.

She giggled. "I’m already so horny, I’ll probably cum straight off. I’ve been thinking about doing it with you and Rajesh for the last two weeks."

I laid her back on the couch and raised her knees, exposing her sweet little bottom, and began to use my tongue on her. It was the second time in my life I had tasted a woman -- she tasted wonderfully sweet and it excited me incredibly, knowing that my lover was watching me eat out another woman’s cunt.

I felt movement beside me and glanced up to see Rajesh standing there, naked, his wonderfully hard prick sticking straight out from his loins.

I spread her cunt lips wide with my fingers. " Look at Mona’s pussy, darling. See how pink and wet the inside is."

"Ummm," he said, bending over and gazing at it. " Lick it darling, Lick that pink little slit. Stick your tongue way in there. Lick it all over."

Mona moaned and bounced around. Her pussy lips were all swollen with passion, and I licked them lovingly.

"You look so deliciously naughty, Mona," Rajesh said, placing a hand on her breast. Though your titties aren’t as big as Lalitha’s." He took a nipple in his mouth and sucked it "Just as yummily sweet, though." he rasped, his dick as hard as a spike.

"Oh! Oh! Oh please, let me suck your cock!" Mona cried, wrapping her fingers around it and drawing Rajesh forward. I watched, panting with my own desire, as she sucked my lover’s big tool. Meanwhile I worked her pulsating clitoris with one finger and shoved the other three up her wide-open pussy.

Suddenly Mona’s pussy started throbbing and snapping around my fingers. She took her mouth off Rajesh’s prick and screamed. Her cunt gushed. I looked up and said "Fuck her now, Rajesh! Do it now, she’s really hot for it now!!" I could feel my own juices flowing freely down my thigh. If another prick had been available, I would have been impaled upon it in a second. But not Rajesh. I wanted him to fuck Mona first.

Quickly, Rajesh moved between her quivering splayed legs, as I moved out of the way. I grabbed his jerking cock and guided it into her hole. He shoved, hard. His prick slid easily into Mona’s climaxing cunt.

" Oooh, fuck me," she cried out. "Ram it in and out!"

Rajesh was so aroused by this time that he could only manage four or five plunges. The he pulled his dick out of Mona. He cried out, arching his back and I watched, almost blind with lust as he fired balls of cum onto the lips of her cunt. And then he lunged forward again, driving his still exploding prick deep into Mona’s body -- still pumping like a fiend.

I moaned in passionate heat as I watched her little hole kissing his hardness tightly as it plunged and withdrew. I could see her wetness shining on his dark prick. and while they gasped and jerked in climax, I stood beside them and rolled my ass, rubbing desperately at my own clitoris.

The shudders of ecstasy began in my head and ran down to my toes, hitting every nerve in between. My orgasm burst in my pulsating vagina. The strong, involuntary spasms of my pussy alternately gripped and released my fingers. Never before had I cum so fiercely.

The three of us collapsed in panting, quivering heaps. Rajesh pulled out of Mona and fell back to sit on the sofa, while I sprawled next to him, my fingers still buried in my cunt. Mona stayed arched back over the end of the sofa for a while, gasping in air, her legs still apart, showing the white froth of good sex around the rim of her well-fucked hole.

Slowly, we recovered. Rajesh mixed us all fresh drinks. Mona and I visited the bathroom where we refreshed our make-up (its incredible how smeared your lipstick can get!) and combed our hair. Then sitting together on the couch again, we simply sipped our drinks and watched the porn film -- a blonde was now getting a major fucking by two muscular blacks -- in her mouth and her cunt -- and from the way she was responding, either she was a great actress or she loved every minute of it.

By now, I desperately needed to be fucked. I put my drink down and slid off the couch to kneel between Rajesh’s legs. I took his limp cock in my hands and began to press hot tongue kisses on it. It tasted lovely -- a mixture of cock and cunt juice -- very sexy!!

Within no time at all, Rajesh had a nice stiff tool sticking up from his lap. "Put it in your sweet mouth, darling. Suck on it, darling." Rajesh moaned, sliding his hips forward.

I looked at Mona, who was staring at us, her face flushed with excitement. "Do you want to join me? I bet Rajesh has never had two mouths blowing his cock or licking his balls."

Mona grinned and sank to her knees beside me as Rajesh spread his legs even wider. Alternately, we took turns, using our mouths to lick and suck my lover’s cock. This really made Rajesh’s prick twitch. Using a hand on each of our breasts, my lover stroked them and tweaked the nipples, his cock growing harder and harder.

"Darling, Mona’s hot mouth is really sucking my cock," Rajesh groaned, his glassy eyes looking down at me. "And does her mouth give you pleasure?" I smiled up at him. "Exquisite." he groaned. "But I don’t want her to milk me off. I want to fuck you and her too."

"Yes, I want that too," I said, stroking his tightening balls.

Rajesh suddenly pushed us both away. "Why don’t you lie down on the floor. Mona, you lie on your back and you, darling, on top of her -- face down. That way I can fuck you both -- alternately."

I gasped at the bold idea, startled yet pleased. Mona was already lying back on the carpet, licking her lips in anticipation. I wasted no time in lying on top of her. "Isn’t he a real stud?" she breathed in excitement. We kissed deep -- our tongues stroked and coiled around each other as our lipstick coated lips gummed together. Both our mouths tasted of the pre-cum we had licked from Rajesh’s prick.

Behind me, Rajesh lifted my buttocks a bit and spread my legs. I felt his expert fingers on my clitoris and whined in pleasure. My passionate moan was lost in Mona’s mouth. Then it was her turn to quiver and moan. I knew he was fingering her cunt. I stuck my tongue deep into her mouth and used my hands on her tits.

Mona closed her eyes and squealed and twisted beneath me. When she bucked and gave a sharp cry of delight, I knew my lover had put his tool in her pussy and anxiously awaited my turn. "I’m fucking her, darling," Rajesh cried. Mona’s body quivered beneath me in rhythm with his thrusts. Soon, he pulled his prick out of Mona. Then I felt the pressure of the bloated head of his thrumming tool against my horny cunt slit, which was by now very well lubricated.

Suddenly, Rajesh speared me.

My lover’s cock moved marvelously in my cunt. He fucked me slow and easy and then fast and hard and then slow and easy again, grinding his pelvis around. Since he had cum once, he could easily hold his cum. Several times more, Rajesh then switched from cunt to cunt, driving us to the brink, then withdrawing and fucking the other one. And again it was my turn to be fucked and Rajesh slid easily into my wet dark cunt.

In a strangled voice, Rajesh cried, "Cum, darling! I can’t last much longer. You’ve got me too horny!" I felt his hand beneath me. The quick rubbing of his fingers on my sensitive little clit drove me to a continual chorus of ooohs and aaahs.

All the while, Mona was flicking my lips and mouth with her exquisite tongue. Her fingers drove my hardened nipples wild. Sandwiched between them, they catapulted me to glorious state of explosive passion. "Harder, darling! I want to cum!" I screamed, my body vibrating with the need for it. They had me too tightly between their bodies for me to move much. Yet the fact that I was a little helpless seemed to add to my excitement.

Rajesh tightened his grasp on my hips and screwed me with mounting passion. Growing thicker and thicker inside me, his cock throbbed. "Cum, now, darling! I’m almost there!!"

His cry triggered my cum. The next instant, I felt an enormous orgasm burst inside me. Making little screaming sounds, I spasmed with enormous pleasure. Waves of passion swelled over me until I felt faint. Rajesh drove into the heart of my pussy. His spongy cock-head spit again and again. Generous squirts of semen kept pumping from his fleshy tube and into me. Rajesh moaned, and I could fell his hips flex repeatedly as his warm cum sloshed deep within me.

Beneath me, Mona cried out and stiffened. I realised she had her hand in her cunt. From the feverish look on her face and the gurgling sounds she was making, I knew she had rapturously enjoyed herself. For me, it was one of the most explosive and satisfying climaxes I had ever known.

Rajesh withdrew his fast wilting rod from me and staggered over to the couch. I rolled off Mona and stretched out on the floor beside her. For long moments, we contentedly lay there, side by side.

Mona rolled over and looked at me. "Feeling him fuck you was one of the best experiences I have had. Did he fill you cunt with cock-cream? Can I see?" I nodded, still unable to speak. Mona wiggled down between my legs and raised my knees. At first, she just looked.

"Your pussy is oozing Rajesh’s white cum-juice!" Then her fingers were on my cunt, smearing the trickling wetness around my slit. The next thing I knew, Mona had dropped her head into my crotch, and for the second time in my life I felt the sweet sensation of a woman’s tongue on my cunt.

I sighed in sheer enjoyment. There is nothing quite so sexy as the soft cool tongue of a woman on your well fucked hole. Mona moved her obviously experienced tongue over my cunt, licking and sucking, lapping away at the drooling juices she could find.

As I watched her dark head bob in my crotch, I relaxed on the soft carpet and smiled up at Rajesh, who was sipping at this drink and lighting a cigarette. "Thanks or the wonderful surprise, darling. But I would love to have an explanation!" I said, reaching up and stroking his thigh.

"Well, now is a good time, I guess," he said, laughing. "I need to get my strength back and Mona looks like she is settling down for a really long suck!"

Mona is really my cousin (Rajesh said). She is my aunt’s daughter and lived until just recently with her mother (her father died a long while back) in a large sprawling property in our native place. As they had the most place, I was invited to stay with them while I met all the relatives and completed the property matters which I had gone down for. I was given a large private bedroom on the first floor of their house, right next to the room Mona used to use for her studies -- she has just completed her twelfth standard.
