 Adam couldn't wait to get home. After a day like the one he'd just had, all he wanted to do was strip off his clothes, take a hot shower, grab a cold beer and watch Sportscenter. His wife had gone to a professional conference and wouldn't be back until Friday. With her gone, the house was quiet and dark when he walked in. 

Adam began undressing as he walked down the hall toward the bedroom. He stood in the middle of the room with the moonlight shining through the blinds and unbuttoned his pants, sliding his boxers off with them. As he straightened, he felt an elbow hit the back of his head. Caught off guard, he landed face first on the bed in front of him with someone on his back. Before he could move, he heard a click and felt his hands cuffed together over his head. Adam began to shout, but felt his assailant stuff some type of cloth in his mouth and pull a soft blindfold over his eyes.

Suddenly, Adam was keenly aware of the fact that he was lying face down; naked on the bed, and that his attacker was female and evidently well endowed. She lifted herself off of him and rolled him over until he was lying on his back with his hands tied over his head. He felt his legs being jerked apart as she tied them to the bedpost. Then, everything was quiet. Adam strained against his bonds, but clearly, they were well tied. He lay still, listening for sounds of movement in the room or in the rest of the house. All he heard was the beating of his own heart. His mind outraced the pounding of his heart as he lay in blind silence. What could this woman want? If she was looking for valuables he should be able to hear her. Was she alone? Was she still there? As Adam lie thinking, he noticed a slight cool breeze across his bare chest. He marveled that his other senses were so heightened when he was deprived of sight and movement. The breeze moved down his chest, and he realized the air conditioning was not on - someone must be blowing on him. It moved down one leg to his foot and then back up the inside of the other leg to the inside of his thigh, sending a shiver through his body 

Suddenly the breath stopped. "Aww, what's the matter," a thick, silky voice cooed, sounding muffled and slightly familiar, "have I got you too scared to notice me?" 

Without warning, Adam felt a finger gently brush the underside of his still soft cock. The voice spoke again. "I guess if I want to have any fun with you I'll just have to fix that." 

Adam felt the finger trace along the crevice between his thigh and his balls as her tongue flitted out, grazing the head of his cock. Every nerve in his body was tingling, but Adam was trying to focus on other things. He tried to fight the erection he felt coming on. He shouldn't be feeling this way - his wife would be horrified. He wondered who this strange woman was. It seemed that he recognized the voice, but since it was so soft and muffled he couldn't quite tell for sure. Suddenly Adam was ripped back to reality by the sensations he was feeling. The soft, wet, warmth of her mouth caressed his rod as she moved slowly up and down. Whoever this woman was, she was an expert at sucking cock. He felt his shaft growing, as the physical sensations were too much for him to fight. He relaxed, deciding that he might as well try to enjoy whatever was going to happen. His attacker sealed her lips around his shaft while circling the underside of its head with her tongue. Adam gasped as she sucked hard, drawing the entire length of his cock into her mouth. He felt the head of his cock pressing against the back of her throat as he reflexively jerked against his bonds. She came up. 

"There now, I knew I could get your attention, but I don't want you getting soft on me, so let's fix you up here." Her hands clasped a tight ring around his cock and underneath his balls. "Now you should stay hard for hours, or at least until I let you come," she said teasingly. "It's time to have some fun!" 

Adam felt hands on his chest as she climbed on top of him. She teased herself with his cock rubbing the head of it across her slick, shaved pussy and swollen clit. She dropped herself down, plunging Adam's throbbing rod into herself. Adam felt the wonderful moist warmth envelop him as she rode up and down. Her hands alternately went to his chest, where she ran her fingers through his thin hair, and behind her where she caressed his balls. He felt her lean forward putting her elbows on the bed beside him as she pounded into him harder and harder, her nipples brushing his as she bounced above him. She let out a long sigh as she stopped and began to climb off. 

"Honey, "she said, "I really want to be fucked doggie style. If I untie your legs, will you be good? I promise it'll be worth it." 

Adam just nodded; if his wife ever found out about this he knew he would be on the street. Once his arms and legs were untied, he pushed himself up and felt his way to the end of the bed. He stood up and turned to face the bed, feeling her ass brush his cock as she slid in front of him and lined herself up. Adam braced himself just in time as pushed into him. He pushed back and soon they found a rhythm, with her moaning as Adam fucked her from behind. He rested his still-cuffed hands on her ass, gently caressing the top of it before running his fingers along the top of her crack. It didn't take long before the moans turned to screams and Adam slowed his pumping to delay his own orgasm. 

Suddenly he felt breasts on his back and another pair of arms wrapping around his chest from behind. Adam stopped moving, stunned. The voice in front of him responded, "what's the matter, why did.... Oh, so you got tired of just watching, huh?" 

The hands moved up his chest, caressing his face and removing the gag before unlocking the cuffs on his hands. Adam's hands dropped to his side, still too dumbfounded to move. The woman in front of him spoke, "well go ahead, take off the blindfold." 

Adam slowly lifted his hands to his face and pushed the blindfold up. To his amazement, the woman lying on the bed in front of him was Krista, the blond whose office was down the hall from his. He had noticed her before, and even secretly dreamed about what it would be like to be with her, but he never imagined his fantasies would be realized. Adam stood in silence, until he heard a too familiar voice behind him.

"Well, what do you think?"

Adam turned to see his own wife, Sandra, standing naked, smiling up at him. Adam was embarrassed and a little frightened at first, before realizing that his wife must be in on this. His mind desperately tried to comprehend what was going on. 

Sandra smiled, "I never told you that you talk in your sleep, or that Krista works out at my gym, did I? We got to be pretty good friends and decided to plan a nice surprise for you. Now, finish what you were doing, I was really enjoying the show." 

Sandra walked over to a chair beside the bed and sat down. She propped her foot up on the bed, giving Adam and Krista a clear view of her already moist pussy. Adam turned to Krista, who was now lying on her back, rubbing her finger across her own clit. 

"Aw hell," Adam thought, "I'll sort this out later." He leaned forward and drove his rod deep into Krista. Finding a rhythm, he grabbed both of her bouncing breasts while watching Sandra finger herself. 

Krista spoke, "Sandra honey, come over here and let me help you." 

Sandra nodded and climbed onto the bed, straddling Krista's face. Adam couldn't believe what he was seeing. He was fucking a beautiful woman he barely knew, while watching her licking his wife's clit. Krista had evidently done this before, as the sounds coming from Sandra clearly evidenced. He watched as Krista's tongue circled her clit, teasing before diving in to bring screams of ecstasy from Sandra. Krista used the rhythm created by Adam driving in and out to find her own rhythm tongue fucking Sandra. Sandra began to shake, still screaming, before collapsing on the bed. As Adam watched, she crawled across and put her head on Krista's chest, gently nibbling on her nipples and rubbing her clit. Krista, no longer preoccupied with Sandra turned her attention to Adam. 

"Come on stud, show me what you can do!" 

Adam lowered his hips, driving upwards and aiming for the top of her pussy. Krista gasped and then screamed as the head of his cock rubbed against her g-spot. Waves of pleasure instantly hit her as her body involuntarily convulsed. 

"Oh my God, fuck me harder!" 

Adam continued to ram into her as the orgasmic wave became stronger and stronger. Finally she'd had enough. 

"Please stop, I can't take any more!" 

Adam slowed and pulled out, watching her convulsions subside. Finally she opened her eyes, looked mischievously at Sandra and said, "I think I promised you we would make this all worthwhile."

The two women got up and moved toward Adam. Sandra reached around behind Adam, grabbing his ass and pulling him towards her as she they both knelt on the floor in front of him. Sandra began to softly kiss the side of his cock as Krista positioned herself sitting between his legs. Sandra kissed up and down his shaft as Krista removed the cock ring and began to lick his balls. Adam was in heaven. He had never dreamed that he might actually have two women giving him their undivided attention at the same time. His wife took his cock and sucked it into her mouth as Krista kissed her way slowly towards the top of his ass. She paused, massaging his ass cheeks before moving around in front of him. Adam looked down to see Krista move his wife's head away and begin sucking on his cock. His wife massaged his balls as Krista drew harder and harder on his rod. Sensing that he didn't have much time left, she pulled off and began to jerk him off toward her open mouth. 

"We both want you to come on us", Sandra whispered. 

Adam felt a familiar tingling and tightening in his balls. He watched as he shot load after load of gooey white cum on both of their faces. When he had finished, his wife took his softening cock into her mouth, cleaning off any cum that was left on it. Adam watched as Krista licked and kissed the cum off of his wife's face and then Sandra returned the favor. Exhausted, he collapsed into bed, falling almost immediately into a deep sleep, with one woman laying her head on each side of his chest.