 The correspondence is between me and a lonely housewife in Calcutta, who has since become a very close friend.

* * * * *

Darling Purvi,

Had fun reading my last letter? I hope you liked it! Incidentally, I hope Uday has been giving you plenty of cock and all the ramming you can handle. Important to keep your cunt well oiled and satisfied, isn’t it darling?? Anyway, settle down comfortably and put a couple of fingers in your slit. I have written all the details of the rest of my stay in Germany below and I think you will find it really exciting!!!

As you will remember, I spent almost a month out in various parts of Europe. Good business, but no sex. So you can imagine how horny I was when I returned!! I rang Franz from the airport and he suggested I go straight to his apartment where I could leave my bags and then come to his office by the evening. And that’s exactly what I did.

I suspect Franz was as horny as I was, because when I landed up at his office, he simply didn’t waste a moment. And I was looking rather sexy -- fresh flowers in my hair, a deep blue silk chiffon that showed off my complexion. And my exciting bosom held in a slightly tight silk sleeveless blouse.

Franz quickly locked his door after instructing his secretary to shut down and leave. Then he swept me into his arms and we kissed deeply, our tongues intertwining. And before I knew what was happening, he had me bent back over his desk, his hand first on my breasts and then on my legs, grasping my sari and pushing it up around my waist. I helped, of course, and soon found myself on my back on the leather top of his large desk, my sari and petticoat in soft silk folds around my waist. My high-heeled feet were at the two corners of the desk, my thighs wide apart and my lovely silk panties (really sexy and almost transparent) hanging from the toe of one foot. My wet and throbbing cunt was open to Franz’s feverish gaze.

He touched the clean upward sweep of my breasts, then ran his hands down to my weaving hips. His mouth came down, lips nibbling, tongue licking, first on each of my nipples, then down over my writhing belly, and finally his tongue lapped into the slit of my cunt.

His expert cunt eating left me whimpering.

When Franz had me mewing like a pussycat for direct action, he raised his curly head. He slid one of his hands under my left thigh, lifting my left leg high. He got one shoulder under the crook of my knee, forcing my left foot to stick almost straight up in the air. My other leg remained stretched on the desk as my cunt formed a widespread crescent.

I felt his throbbing prick as he slowly guided into me. I was in such an arched position, my pussy open like a door, that I could not have squirmed free. Not that I wanted to be free!! I bit my lower lip, waiting for that first awful plunge. And then he was sinking himself into my vagina, going gloriously deep. His hips began to work ceaselessly. I flung my legs apart and placed my heels as far apart as possible. Franz plunged deep in between my trembling thighs, nailing my rocking buttocks to the table.

"OOOhh!" I groaned." Drive, drive, drive!!"

This was real fucking. Franz was like a beast between my thighs. His staying power was wonderful. His prick seemed to slide in and out of my vagina forever. My long legs were up over his backside. My sharp fingernails clawed into his bare back and my raised high heels kicked and kicked his humping loins until all of his restraint burst.

His cock blew like an erupting volcano. My belly was flooded with the hot spewing of his cum. And a lovely orgasm hit me, waves of sensation sweeping across me, as I convulsed on the desk, my hips arching high up, my head twisting back and up with the sudden rush of feeling.

Franz and I remained locked for a short while, me stretched out on his desk, my legs still on either side of him and Franz strangely still in shirt and tie (his trousers were around his ankles), collapsed on me, his panting and flushed face buried in my soft tit flesh. Within me, I could feel his prick softening, though it still felt good in my cunt.

At last, with a sigh, Franz stood up and moved away, his cock dropping softly out of my hole. I dropped my legs and moved off the desk, holding up my sari as I did so. Franz uttered an exclamation and I turned to see him trying to blot up a large quantity of fuck fluid that had dribbled out of my crotch and onto his tooled leather desktop. I giggled and told him that he would probably be left with a stain -- one with very interesting memories!!

I then went into the attached bathroom to repair my make-up and have a quick wash. And of course, to re-drape my sari, which was in a total shambles. By the time I emerged, Franz had tidied up himself and his desk, picking up all the papers and pens that had been thrown to the floor during our fuck.

We sat there for a while and Franz produced some rather well chilled white wine, which tasted very sophisticated. I was feeling really comfortable... nice surroundings, an attentive and sexy lover and a well-fucked pussy... what more could a woman ask for!

That was when Franz dropped his bombshell. First explaining that Otto was out of the city and not due back till late the next afternoon, Franz went on to say that I had another invitation.... from Helga (his ex-wife) As they still shared a very intimate relationship even though the marriage had been dissolved, they had actually been in bed together -- in fact, Helga had just settled his cock into her when he started telling her all about our sexy encounter, mainly because he wanted her to know that there was another woman who had been able to take Otto’s monster dick.

Now Helga had invited me over for the night. Franz said that it might be interesting, especially as she knew all the interesting people in this town (being one of the hot models on the circuit). It didn’t take me long to decide. After all, I’d met Helga before --- she was an exceptionally beautiful and really nice girl and an evening with her could only be fun!

So I took Franz’s car back to his apartment, where I bathed and changed into a more formal Kanjeevaram. And as darkness fell over Berlin, I was outside Helga’s front door ringing the bell.

Helga opened the door herself. As always, her sheer beauty left me speechless. Natural platinum blonde, curved rounded body, with a tight ass and dynamite legs. She was very nice and welcomed me with a warm hug and a soft kiss on my lips. She led me into the living room, where she had a small fire going and we settled down and chatted for a while -- catching up on old news, about old friends, etc. Helga was elegantly dressed in a clinging sort of gown with an edging of fake fur. As the cloth was very sheer and sort of molded her figure, it really made her look good. And in keeping with the latest fashion, she had obviously not worn a bra -- her nipples were clearly outlined through the cloth and I found I could barely keep my eyes off them.

After about an hour sipping white wine and chatting, Helga suggested we have dinner. It was a very lovely meal, simple and yummy. After we finished, we relaxed back in the living room, leaving the dishes for the maid to do in the morning.

We’d been chatting about a variety of things and Helga had been telling me about the new line of clothes that were coming out and the latest fashions, etc. Talk also moved to mutual friends and in some connection, Helga mentioned Otto. At which point I said that I had met him.

"Oh, I know," said Helga, smiling. "I believe you are one of the rare women who have actually managed to take all of Otto’s meat into you!"

I gasped, blushing at her blunt frankness. Then, not wanting to look like an unsophisticated newcomer, I simply smiled and said "Well, I managed. I think Indian women’s pussies are built to take larger tools, so size is not a major problem with us!"

And then Helga astounded me by leaning forward and placing a gentle hand on my knee "May I see?" she asked, looking deep into my eyes.

I could only stammer in reply, totally confused.

"I want to fuck you very badly," she continued, softly, "you must know that I am very attracted to you..."

And then she astounded me by leaning forward and gently pressing her lips to mine, looking into my eyes all the while. For a moment, I was too taken by surprise to react, then I felt my lips begin to kiss back, even as the tip of her tongue ventured delicately into my mouth.

And all of a sudden, I realized that I was having the second really lesbian experience of my life! I moaned deep in my throat and I could feel my cunt going all squishy as I put my arms up and around her neck, pulling her to me. Encouraged, Helga now kissed me harder, her soft lips moving over mine, our tongues intertwining. And then I felt her hands on my breasts, though the blouse and bra, her fingers gently touching, pressing, and cupping till my nipples erected to hard little points. Her touch was so unlike her ex-husbands’ -- much softer, yet not too gentle, very exciting.

I threw any restraint I had to the winds. All of a sudden, all I knew was that I wanted to have sex with this sexy blonde German model. I reached up and rapidly unbuttoned my choli, shrugging it off my shoulders as I also reached behind and undid my bra. My breasts stood out, each nipple erect and rosy, as I ran a finger over the sensitive tips, smiling at Helga.

Do....do you think you’d.... ohhhhh....like to touch them?" I breathed throatily.

In answer to my urgent question, Helga reached out and lightly cupped my breast. Almost involuntarily, my hips began to move. I slipped a hand into the open front of Helga’s gown and moved the thin silk, so that her lovely breasts came into view. I reached out with both hands now and cupped her boobs.

I was jolted by the sensuous smoothness of her skin. I had felt my own breasts before, but it was nothing like feeling the firm, pliant globe I was fondling now. Slowly, not wanting to rush through the pleasure I was getting from feeling Helga’s breast, I ran my forefinger over the big nipple.

"Ohhhh, that feels so good," Helga whispered slowly. She arched her back, causing her breast to mash against my hand, sending a deep thrill through me.

While I moved my hand slowly on her breast, kneading it and pinching the nipple between thumb and forefinger, Helga slid her left hand over my stomach to my waist, where she found the knot of my sari. Pulling it free, she then ran her hand over my back and shoulders. A shiver of cold and pleasure ran through me as I felt the air on my naked breasts. I quickly grabbed Helga’s other tit now and started massaging it and teasing the nipple.

Meanwhile, Helga quickly slipped the thin material of her gown of her shoulders. As soon as she had pulled the material off, my eyes fastened on her melon-shaped breasts. I loved everything about them -- their size, their shape, their incredible sexiness. And then I realised that all I really wanted to do was suck on one of those beautiful tits. But if I did, Helga might let go of mine, and I didn’t want that to happen. I loved the feeling of her soft hand on my skin and it was rapidly making me hungry for that hand on my drenched pussy.

Helga seemed content for the moment to simply feel my tits. She reached her left hand around my body and grabbed the other tit with her right hand. She marveled at their weight as she lifted and squeezed them together, forcing tiny moans of pleasure from my throat. I watched as her pink tongue slipped out and licked at her full lips, and I knew that all she could think of was getting her mouth on one of those rosy nipples right now!

Gently, Helga pushed me back on the couch so that my head was lying on top of it.

"What...... are you going to do?" I whispered.

"I’m going to suck on your big brown nipples."

"Helga, I don’t know.......ohhh......Helga wait!"

But she didn’t. She quickly lowered her head and circled her lips around one of my nipples and sucked it into her mouth.

"ohhhhhhhhh yes! Helga, I--"

"You love it, right?"

"I......... ohhhhhhhhh........"

"Tell me you love it," Helga insisted. She again drew a nipple into her mouth and watched the lust growing on my face.

"I...........I.............. like your mouth on my breast."

"Doing what?"

"Licking ...... sucking it ........... ohhhhhhhh, bite it, please!!"

Helga smiled as she gently nipped on the erect nipple in her mouth. She began to feel my other tit also, making the nipple on it stand upright too.

All that mattered to me was the tongue circling my breast and teasing my nipple until it was swollen and tender. I didn’t think of Helga as another girl at the moment-- she was someone, anyone, with a tongue that was driving me wild. And I wanted that tongue between my legs, where I was really getting hot.

"Do....... you want to undress me?" I offered. I knew there wasn’t much I had left on. The sari was already down so far on my hips that my pubic hair was showing.

"I’ll help you if you help me," Helga whispered. She slowly slid the sari down my legs, staring at my thick bush of cunt hair as she did, and running her tongue wetly down the soft, tender insides of my thighs.

"ohhhh..."

"Does that feel good?"

"Yes."

"Spread your legs for me, darling."

I looked up at Helga, then sat up on the couch." First I want you to be as naked as I am."

I stood up with her and as Helga ran her hands up and down her body, I undid the clasp of her gown and let it drop to the floor. I then hooked my fingers in the elastic band of Helga’s silk panties and slid them slowly down her legs.

"Do you like what you see?" Helga asked, her voice husky. I could barely answer; looking with a mouth that was suddenly dry with desire at the fine blonde bush at her crotch. She had shaved the parts near the thighs, shaping it so that she could wear bikinis, but the hair around her slit was full and bushy.

I stood again, still looking at the hair between the other girl’s legs. "It looks..... good."

Helga reached for me and drew me down to the couch with her. She began to feel the smooth flesh of my hot thighs, which I eagerly parted for her probing hand. At the same time, I was feeling Helga’s bare thighs, and both of us managed to work our way up to the other’s pussy at just about the same time. We both jumped as our fingers slid into hot cunt flesh that was so familiar, yet so strange to both of us.

"Let me...... oh please, I want to kiss you!" I pleaded.

Helga eagerly touched her mouth lightly to mine. Both of us moaned at the second tender contact of our lips. Helga slid her tongue out and ran it sensuously over my lips, licking lightly at my upper lip and nose. I responded by letting my own tongue join Helga’s, and both of us were soon jabbing and licking at each other as we increased the tempo of our fingering. Finally, Helga could no longer take the teasing, nerve-wracking play between our tongues. She needed a deeper, stronger fulfillment. With a small cry that showed her wildly mounting passion, she crushed her mouth down on mine as we fell full length on the couch.

I could sense Helga’s urgency and she too, felt the need for immediate fulfillment. As Helga’s tongue probed deep in my mouth, I licked the underside of it, nipped it with my teeth, sucked on it until I tasted a little of the other girl’s saliva as it drooled into my mouth. I crushed my mouth harder into Helga’s, trying to drink more of the sweet liquid as I opened my mouth as wide as I could to let Helga’s tongue lick deep down my throat. At the same time, I pushed another finger into her dripping pussy and began to simulate the pumping of a cock. Helga responded by doing the same thing to me, and we were rocking and writhing against each other as we both raced to a climax.

But I wanted Helga’s love juice in my mouth. I wanted to taste her as her pussy squeezed and contracted around my tongue. And I wanted to cum in her mouth too, to feel her suck the juice out of my own steaming cunt.

Without saying a word, I quickly withdrew both my fingers and my mouth from Helga’s body and reversed myself on the couch. I paused only a second to admire the thick, swollen folds of Helga’s pouting cunt, then I dipped my head between the other girl’s legs and clamped my mouth tightly over the open, wet hole.

I shuddered violently as I felt the second really lesbian contact of my life. I had always thought that oral-genital lovemaking would be the one thing that would prevent me from ever having sex with another girl, because the thought of another girl between my legs was not overly exciting to me most of the time. But as wave after wave of jolting pleasure raced through my body from the licking tongue that was buried deep inside my aching pussy, I quickly changed my mind. All I could think of now was the building explosion in my loins, and the probing, licking, maddening tongue that would soon cause her to erupt. And as I lay there thrusting my cunt against Helga’s face, I felt a strong desire to give her the same pleasure she was receiving. Licking the meaty outer lips, I pulled Helga’s wet pussy to my lips and clamped my mouth tightly over the dripping hole.

We lay there side by side, each girl writhing and twisting her body against the other, trying to feel every inch of smooth skin. I reached down with one hand and began kneading Helga’s breast, rubbing my thumb against the nipple and pulling the tiny bud away from the firm ball it was rooted to. Helga followed my lead, and she was soon squeezing and pinching my breast too. But both of us concentrated on the slippery skin that was in our mouths, as each girl sucked furiously on the other’s throbbing cunt. I delighted in the feel of Helga’s mouth pressed tightly against my love hole, licking and sucking the juices that were flowing from my cunt walls. And I liked the feel of Helga’s warm, soft pussy in my mouth too. It was so exciting!!

"Helga...... are you almost ready? I can’t hold out any longer," I called out from beneath the cunt flesh over my mouth.

"Yesssss!" Helga screamed. "Take it, Take it!" She began to grind her pussy furiously against my mouth, rubbing her swollen clit on my chin as she started to beat out her orgasm.

I sent my tongue as far as I could up Helga’s hot, contracting cunt; I had to grab her ass so I could keep my mouth glued to the wet flesh. At the same time, I could feel my own cunt begin to tingle at the licking of Helga’s tongue over my clit and cunt walls.

"Helga, I’m going to cum....oohhhhhhhh yesssssss! I’m going to cum!" I moaned as I began to thrash my ass around on the couch too. Any further sounds I might have made were stifled by the wet, pungent cunt that was jammed into my mouth again as Helga crushed her crotch into my face so I could finish licking the rest of her juice.

For the next few seconds the only sounds in the room were the two hot, wet bodies slapping against each other, and the sucking sounds that came from mouths working frantically to suck every last drop of pussy juice into them. The couch also began to creak loudly as the we bucked and writhed in our lesbian embrace. Helga dug her finger into my ass, hoping to keep me going; I did the same as I licked the last drops of juice from Helga’s tiring pussy. Finally, both of us stopped moving and our mouths began to relax against our spent cunts.

Helga pulled her head from between my legs and sat up on the couch. I quickly grabbed her arm and pulled her down so that her head rested on my shoulder. We lay there together, panting with the force of our cums and enjoying the warm glow that comes with good sex. Helga sighed and ran a finger over my waist, looking down at my breasts.

"You were as great as I knew you would be, darling," she said softly, smiling up at me. "This couldn’t have been your first time.."
