 The correspondence is between me and a lonely housewife in Calcutta, who has since become a very close friend.

* * * * *

Darling Purvi,

Now that even Mona has written you with her account of her sexy stay in Delhi, Lali has decided that it would be nice if I also wrote you. And since we are sitting here in my house on this wet afternoon with nothing to do but fuck, we thought this would be a good time to relive some old times. Mona is lying behind us on the bed and playing with her clit while I dictate and Lali types this out on her laptop. We’ve had one good bout already and both the girls have promised not to start another while I am in the middle of this letter, so we will have to finish this before I get any more cunt.

We decided that the best experience that we could tell you about would be the first time I had Lali. For that of course, I must tell you a little about myself and about Poonam – but more about her later.

As Lali has already told you, I am a pilot. I used to be with Indian Airlines and then with East West, and am now with Jet. I am fairly senior and fly a lot, which would normally give me a fair chance with the hostesses. However, Lali keeps me very satisfied and I use my frequent stays away from the city to rest up for more sex with her. It was only during her trips abroad that I used to feel really horny, but now that Mona is in town, I have all (and a little bit more) the fucking that I can handle.

It was when I was in IA that I met Poonam. I was reasonably active sexually, by then, with all those pretty hostesses around. However, I had not really had more than a couple of one night stands during layovers, because the girls started getting very possessive and talking about marriage. Also, none of them were sexually very adventurous and I had never even had my dick sucked. I had, however, attained quite a reputation as a stud.

I had gone for a colleague’s wedding reception. It was at the Taj Intercontinental and there was a large crowd. Lots of airline people and a large amount of rich society types, as the bride was from that kind of background. Lots of good-looking women, and we amused ourselves by standing off to one side and commenting on each. Then one of the women in a group recognized one of the guys in our group and rushed over to greet him, bringing her friends with her.

At that moment, some waiters came through the entrance near us, carrying some trays of food and for a moment, there was quite a crowd and considerable confusion, with the two groups mixing together. Every one was sort of tangled up with each other. And in the melee, I suddenly felt a soft hand suddenly grip my crotch and squeeze once, then stroke – once, twice.

My hand jerked and I spilt part of my drink. In the ensuing mess and apologies, I could not make out which of the women had so boldly groped me. Even though I looked around, none of them would meet my eye.

It was some time later, when I had sort of broken away from the main group and was standing off to one side by a window, looking out and wondering why some woman had made that open pass at me.

"You have a wonderful cock," said a soft voice at my elbow. I spun around, my throat suddenly dry. Standing next to me, smiling up into my eyes, was a lovely woman in a rich silk sari. Thick gold chains and large diamond and gold earrings showed off her obvious wealth – or her husband’s, I told myself mentally, noting the gold mangalsutra. While not fat, she had the classic Indian figure (which I am a sucker for), with a large, full bosom and sexy hips. Long, thick brown hair fell open over her shoulders and her full red lips were smiling.

She waited as I ran my eyes over her and then asked huskily "Like what you see?"

I could only gape at her. "My name is Poonam," she continued. "I had heard a lot about you, and that bulging handful at your crotch certainly seemed to prove it."

I looked around frantically, noting that there was no one nearby, meanwhile emitting a strangled croak in reply. But that didn’t seem to disturb her in the least, as she continued to smile sweetly up at me and play with her gold handbag.

"You see," she continued, "I should very much like you to fuck me."

This was too much. I gaped at her foolishly and babbled "fuck….you…?"

She nodded, still smiling. "Yes, I would very much like to have you between my legs, your large and hard cock thrusting in and out of my cunt."

I had now managed to recover somewhat and looked around suspiciously to see if someone was playing a joke on me. But no one was paying any attention and she looked to be in real earnest. All I could finally understand was that I was being propositioned – by a very bold woman, at that.

Still looking quietly up at me as if we were discussing something of no particular importance, she went on to reassure me quietly. She said she was married to a Gujarati jeweler – she pointed him out to me, a fat, safari suit type who had only slept with her once, a month after they were married. He showed no further interest in her after that, and she had gone through three years of marriage with no sex at all, and now had decided to do something about it. Her husband’s only interest in her lay in using her as a display symbol, and as long as she was the perfect hostess and could be showed off at all the parties they attended, he was not bothered as to what she did with herself.

Some time back, she had come across one of her girlfriends reading a porno book and asked to borrow it. The first was followed by a number of Human Digest magazines, which showed in graphic detail what she was missing out on. As she was not one of your quiet and shy housewives, she decided to make the best of her situation, and find herself a lover. Which is where I came in.

She had heard two of her friends discussing me during the party and they had said what a reputation I had with the girls. And it was then, in a rush of sheer lust, that she decided to make that risky but open pass at me. Feeling the sizeable bulge that sprang into life at her touch, she was now very interested in taking this further.

By now, I was well recovered and very excited. I couldn’t keep my eyes off her, and turned so that my back was to the hall. Someone might notice the sizeable bulge that had grown at my crotch – in fact it was getting quite painful.

She noticed me staring at her barely seen cleavage, which appeared deep and sexy. "Like what you see?" she repeated. Controlling my voice with an effort, I looked into her eyes and said that I was imagining her soft breasts wrapped about my dick. She ran her tongue over her lips and I could see her redden with excitement. Struggling in turn to stay calm, she asked when we could do something about it.

I would have gladly taken her home and fucked her brains out right then, but her husband was present. So we made a date for the following day at a suburban hotel which I had used before. I told her I would leave the key with the lobby manager and that she was to get it and come straight up.

I was there real early and waiting for her. Actually, I was not sure she would come – all the sexy talk she had done at the party might well have been just that – talk – and she might have gotten cold feet on reaching home.

But at precisely 11 o’clock, the time I had asked her to come, the key turned in the lock and there she was. She looked gorgeous – and really sexy. Lovely silk sari, hair open, breasts filling her blouse to capacity. I could feel my cock harden as I looked at her.

Poonam tossed her bag on a side table and looked at me. Obviously I was to make the first move. I went to her and held her, then kissed her, moving my lips on hers. Her warm lips pressed to mine and I could taste her lipstick and smell the perfume in her hair. And her warm, wet tongue was alive as it went into my mouth, reaching deep.

I did what I had been dying to do since we first met. Reached for those magnificent breasts and cupped them then massaged them roughly, feeling those soft pillows through her blouse and bra as she pressed herself against me. Her hands were on my neck, pulling my face to hers. Her body was pressed hard against mine.

We were both panting hotly with desire. I had already pulled her pallu from her shoulder and now I began to unbutton her blouse. She started on my shirt.

In less time than I would have thought possible, we were both naked. Her tits were a good bit bigger than large mangoes, upthrust with big dark nipples. I had been wondering what they looked like from the first time I saw them bursting out of a blouse. They looked magnificent.

Poonam looked with interest at my cock, as I stood naked before her. When it stood straight out at her, she stepped forward until my stiff prick was clasped between her pressed thighs.

"Down’" I said. I had always wanted to feel a woman’s mouth, and I thought that this hot babe would be an ideal candidate. I didn’t think she would have a problem. I was right.

She slid slowly down my chest, my rigid cock trailing up her belly and burying itself, throbbing, between her soft breasts. I reached down, clasping her heavy tits, squeezing them together, and wrapping them around my cock. The cool flesh of her boobs enveloped my hot dick. We remained that way for a number of long moments. Then she slid further down, landing softly on the floor on her knees.

She reached for my thick erection, cloaking it in her tight hands. She stroked my shaft gently before whispering, "I want to taste you now."

We sank to the carpet, where I stretched out on my back. Poonam moved into position with her back to me.

My cock was pointing straight at the ceiling. Poonam got on top of me with one leg on each side, her crotch over my face and her head at my cock. She had obviously been reading about these positions. While I had never sucked off a woman, I was willing to experiment. Now there was her pussy, right in my face. I had been wondering about it, too.

I leaned my head forward and gave it a lick at the same time her hot mouth settled on the head of my cock. Her cunt tasted salty and musky as I ate it. I buried my face in her crotch and ate pussy while she sucked my cock.

My tongue attacked her quivering juicy cunt. My head was locked between her soft thighs and she moaned deeply and squirmed like a snake as my tongue washed her swollen cunt-lips.

When I finally found her engorged clit and sucked on it like it was a hard cock; she screamed in ecstasy and jammed her crotch tightly against my face.

We sixty-nined wet and hot. I sucked her erect clit and she loved it. She tried to swallow my engorged cock. She really knew how to give head. You would never have believed it was the first time she was doing it. Her tits were full and firm against my belly. I could feel her nipples digging in She was making little moaning noises. My balls were tight against the base of my cock. I knew I was very close to squirting my load down her throat.

The dark love hairs bordering her slit were slick with secretions. Parting her puffy pussy-lips, I blew gently into her deep opening.

Her reaction was a bubbly burst of love-juice and a mouth-locking grasp on my dick. Her secretions were sugary sweet. I drove my tongue in higher and higher. I used dick-like force to tongue-fuck her insides..

Poonam devoured my dick with lip-smacking satisfaction. The head of my hard-on wedged between her lips as she sucked constantly. She soaked the length of my cock until I was groaning in her pussy.

Her breezy breath was at my balls, where she sucked each of my sacs between her lips. She hummed heat onto my balls. I knew I couldn’t take much more of this – my cock was aching with the need to cum.

I carried her over to the bed and spread her out for fucking. I got between her legs and slid into her waiting saddle, introducing my cock to her pussy. I rubbed her juicy cunt lips with my hot knob until she was screaming for me to put it in.

"Oh, yes," she moaned, as I slowly slid it up her. Poonam’s beautiful face was flushed with sexual excitement. With one thrust, all nine inches went in and my balls were slapping against her hungry hole. I was pumping her hole like a mad dog and she cried out for me to fuck harder and faster. My pole thumped her cunt like a piston and she squealed and cried out again and again, her nails scraping the skin from my heaving buttocks.

I cupped her tits and fucked her. Out slow and in fast. Her tits jiggled fluidly in my hands. She rocked her pelvis in perfect synchronization to my thrusts. I fucked her with deep hard thrusts and loved it. She had a nice tight pussy and instinctively knew how to use it.

With every thrust I made, her body responded in kind. Her hole held my cock as if it were a virgin hole. I held her tits, leaned forward and kissed her while I screwed her. I really put the tool to her and from the way she bucked and moaned, I knew she would want more of it. She wrapped her arms around me and locked her thighs around my driving hips. This was as fine a piece of ass as I had ever had

She screamed out two or three orgasms. Then I could hold back no longer. I stayed in her saddle and squirted my cum up her hot, wet, tight pussy. The orgasm sent a load of my seed deep into her love-tunnel and made her scream again as her beautiful body trembled and shook.

We collapsed moaning and panting. She was soft under me, her perspiration running back from her soaked temples into her hair. Then she moaned as I slid off her and my cock slid softly out of her hungry cunt.

"I knew you would be good," she panted. "Oh, I’m so glad I asked you…"

I covered her mouth with mine, running my fingers through the now matted hairs at her crotch. She had gotten me so horny that I knew that one cum would not be enough. And Poonam was still excited – even though she was panting from the force of the first orgasms she had ever experienced in her life, she wanted more.

We kissed passionately again and again as each of us probed the other’s body. Then Poonam started to kiss her way down to my once again throbbing hard cock. As she did so, she turned. I knew I wanted to taste her again, especially since she was now full of my cream. I pulled at her leg nearest me and she raised herself atop me, as she started to hotly slurp on my aching cock.

I spread her legs hurriedly and thrust my tongue into her hot hole. While I swiftly darted my stiffened tongue in and out of the soft skin of her cunt folds, she started sucking feverishly on my aching cock, cupping the bottom of my tightened balls gently with one of her hands.

Her hot wet mouth sucked a few minutes on the head of my intense hard-on, just below the glans, before she gulped the rest of my swollen shaft. She kept me in her mouth and sucked hard, milking me without moving her head up and down to any great length. She was getting better and better at cock sucking.

I pulled myself out of her mouth a short way and then shoved myself up into her mouth and deeply into the recesses of her throat. Again and again, I pulled and pushed myself in and out of her mouth. At the same time, I fiercely tongued my way from her stiff clitoris down to the depths of her innermost folds of tender, soft cunt. I could taste my warm sperm and even see some white droplets as they nestled deep in her cunt. This excited me even more. Incredibly, I was ready to cum again.

In a few minutes we both jerked as our juices shot uncontrollably into each other’s mouth and face. Then slowly, ever so slowly, each of us sucked off the love juices off each other. Panting, she turned to face me, reached up to hug me and kissed me fervently, darting her tongue deep into my mouth.

We kissed, and then she eased herself upon me, reaching one hand down between our legs and inserted me into her hot, juicy cunt. In a short time, she had raised herself and started humping my hard cock in a quickened pace, panting, bucking and rocking.

I met every thrust with a thrust of my own, as I grabbed her above the hips. I thrust myself deeply into her with my throbbing, glistening, hard fuck-pole. Together, we oohed and aaahed our way into our next orgasm.

Just before I came the third time, I reached up and took hold of her, swinging her off me and turning her to the bed. Keeping myself deep within her sopping pussy, I got on top of her and thrust myself in and out of her warm and wet hole. The sweet smell of our sex drifted up to me, driving me to grind myself harder and deeper down into her.

Poonam had raised her knees, and she started to thrust herself violently to meet me. She heaved me up with her maddening pushes. Then she shrieked loudly, and her cunt quivered and pulsed. She held herself up, grinding herself around and around my stabbing cock. I could feel my third cum of the day shoot in her cunt, weak spurts of semen rushing out of my hard cock.

We collapsed, panting. We lay there for a while, unable to move, unable to do nothing more than just hold each other, both finally satisfied – if only for the moment. Somewhere inside me I could feel some more desire for that incredible cunt, but my cock was too fucked out to do anything about it.

Poonam seemed quite satisfied too. After a while we took turns showering and then she changed quickly, explaining that she had to get back home before her husband returned, as they had a party to attend. For my part, I was actually happy to see her leave, because I knew there was no way I could manage another bout. And I had to rest, because I had an early morning flight. We had actually spent the past four hours fucking and I knew I would have to rest from my exertions. So soon after, we left – separately.

I needed to really rest to recover from that bout. Poonam was like no girl I had ever fucked – not that I had screwed so many, but still, she was so incredibly sexy and eager for sex that she drove me to heights of excitement that I had never felt before. I knew I just had to have her again – and luckily for me, she seemed quite interested in having me too, because she called two days later and asked when we were going to party again.

And that became a sort of pattern for our affair. We would meet about once a week (any oftener and I would have really found it tough to keep the pace!). Always, Poonam would call and fix a time when we could ‘party’. Then we would meet at a variety of small hotel rooms and quite simply … fuck. The first fuck would be quite frantic, both of us panting with need and I would normally take her with all her clothes on. Since she always wore a sari, this was easy, especially since she often wore no panties. So quite often I would simply hold her against the wall and push my cock under her clothes. She was always ready for me, and I would slide into her like a hot knife into butter and then we would screw hard and fast, till my semen burst into her liquid hole. Then we would have a couple more cums, slowly and easily, on the bed.

Then one week, she called and asked if I remembered my birthday was coming up. I said it was and she said she had a special present for me. And so we made a date to meet, this time at one of the suburban five-star places, very comfortable.

As usual, I was ready and waiting for her, already stripped, with just a towel around me. Poonam was as prompt as always, knocking softly on the door. She looked lovely in black chiffon; her hair today plaited and decorated with a thick bunch of jasmine flowers. The scent filled my nostrils as I held her close, kissing her deep. I felt her soft thigh move to press into my hard groin as she pressed her body against mine, her breasts soft against my chest. Then there was another soft knock on the door.

Wondering whom it could be, I disengaged myself and went to the door, adjusting my towel as best as possible to cover the bulge of my stiff cock. And opening the door, I found a lovely young girl standing there, smiling at me. She looked very young and she was quite beautiful, with long hair falling over her shoulders and full lips. Her tight jeans and the Lycra top, which stretched over her breasts, outlining her bra, emphasized her very well rounded body.
