 The correspondence is between me and a lonely housewife in Calcutta, who has since become a very close friend.

* * * * *

Darling Purvi,

I'm glad you liked my last letter so much. And yes, I would really like to party with you and Uday -- perhaps we should make it a foursome with Lali and maybe even Mona -- that would be quite memorable.

Since you have asked me for more, I thought it would be interesting to tell you about my first experiences with a woman -- the time I lost my virginity. That was when I first discovered how much fun sex could really be.

I was quite young at the time -- only 19. I had failed my board examinations and my parents decided to move me to another city, assuming (rightly so) that I had too many distractions at home and re-appearing for the exams in a totally different environment would be far more effective. If only they knew!

I was therefore sent to Bombay to stay with my uncle, my mother's older cousin. My uncle was one of the oldest members of the family, and had a thriving business in the export of machinery components. He had started from the ground up and worked his way to his present level of success by concentrating on business alone. It was not till he was approaching 50 that he finally agreed to get married and had subsequently married my aunt, who was considerably younger. It was an arranged match -- I had never met my aunt as my uncle rarely if ever attended the normal family functions, apparently finding it very difficult to get away from his business affairs.

It was a very comfortable arrangement for me. They lived in a large flat in a quiet suburb of Bombay and had few if any friends and visitors. I was given my own room and left pretty much to myself. My aunt Seema turned out to be a rather good-looking woman in her thirties and I remember thinking that my uncle seemed to have been pretty lucky in making the match. My uncle was out of the house most of the time, either at office or visiting his various suppliers scattered across Bombay or in neighboring Gujarat. My aunt spent most of her time in her rehearsal room -- she had been an award winning classical dancer before she married my uncle and she practiced for over five hours every day, using a set of recorded tapes so that she did not have to bother with hiring musicians.

Some time after I moved in, my aunt was asked if she would perform at a charity show organized by a well known cultural organization. She checked with my uncle and he finally agreed only because one of the chief organizers was a long time business acquaintance who personally requested him to give his permission.

Aunt Seema was quite transformed by the project. Live musicians were called in and the three weeks leading up to the event had her practicing up to seven hours a day. The house resounded to the thumps of the tabla and the musical notes of her belled anklets were everywhere. In fact, she took to wearing lighter anklets at all other times, so that the soft chime of bells always accompanied her wherever she went.

The day of the performance dawned. I was to go straight to the hall from my tuition classes and my uncle was to come straight in from office. I was there well in time and therefore was able to get a good seat right in front. I had no great interest in classical dance at the time, but had come simply out of family loyalty.

The program started a little behind schedule. Most of the dancers were quite good -- but my aunt amazed me. It was quite obvious that she was definitely in a class well above the others. She was dancing Odissi, a temple dance that is very sensuous and I was quite entranced. Suddenly the woman whom I had seen around the house, her long hair casually twisted into an oily bun, dressed in a caftan or a simple sari, was quite simply -- a goddess. Her elaborate jewelry shone in the stage lights. Her gold embroidered costume clung to her outlines, which were definitely voluptuous. Her hips swayed, her lovely bosom heaved. Her wide expressive eyes danced and her long and lovely fingers made beautiful patterns in the air. All too soon, the performance was over.

In the interval, an usher came to me with a note from my aunt. It said that my uncle had been unable to come to the performance, as he needed to fly to the US the same night on urgent business and had been held up at the office, awaiting his tickets and other papers. She added that she wished to return home immediately to see him off, so if I could meet her with a taxi at the stage door, we could leave without any delay.

I did as she asked and found her waiting. Not having had time to change, she had simply thrown a shawl around her elaborate costume. She said little as she stepped into the car, except to ask the driver to hurry. She seemed in no mood to make conversation and simply smiled when I complimented her on her incredible performance. I did not speak much after that -- the car was full of the heady scent of the flowers in her hair and the bouquet she had been presented. I was embarrassingly conscious of the close proximity of a very attractive woman. Her thigh had come to rest against mine when she got in and the bags she had placed on the other side prevented her from moving away -- not that I wanted her to move away.

My experience with girls at the time was incredibly limited. I had no sisters or close female friends and any romantic flings had been restricted to distant admiration of the prettier girls in college. As I had never been one for the party life, I had had little opportunity to meet many girls in a social way.

We were soon at the house and my aunt proceeded up the stairs while I paid off the cab. When I got in, I heard the sound of raised voices from my uncle's bedroom -- he was evidently packing for his trip. I could understand the reason for my aunt's poor mood -- she had been looking forward to this - her night of glory for which she had put in a considerable amount of effort -- and her husband had failed to show up! It did not help that my uncle was not in the least bit repentant -- the program had very low importance in his scheme of things and he could not see what the fuss was all about.

I went to my room and changed into a T-shirt and lungi, waiting for the house to quiet down so that I could masturbate a little. I was quite excited by the sight of my aunt and the other lovely girls I had been watching, and I thought that it would be nice to lie in bed and stroke myself for a while. I was not a habitual masturbator, but the excitement of the evening had left me with an uncomfortable erection and I was badly in need of some relief.

Soon, it was time for my uncle to leave. I joined them at the door, finding my aunt still in her costume. I could not help but notice the deep and mysterious valley of her cleavage, uncovered now and clearly visible above the tight silk of her blouse.

I went back to my room, very aware of the sensation of the cloth of the lungi moving across the circumcised head of my cock (I wore no underwear), maintaining my semi-erection. As soon as I had the door closed, I lay across the bed and gripped my now turgid tool in one hand. I had no intention to rub hard -- this was one cum I wanted to last.

I had just started by rubbing my thumb across the velvety head of my cock when there was a soft knock on the door and my aunt called out. I had to quickly wrap my lungi around my waist and open the door. I could only hope that she would not notice the obvious bulge at my crotch., where my erection was barely covered by the folds of cloth.

My aunt said that she was still keyed up from the show and planned to dance for a while in the rehearsal room to tire herself out. Since I had so enjoyed the earlier show, would I like to watch? I accepted immediately, reasoning that I could always resume my solitary pleasure a little later -- and it would be all the better if I had some fresh material for my fantasies!

We went over to the rehearsal room, which was simply a large room with a cool marble floor. On one wall was an expensive stereo system and a thick white cotton mattress was placed to one side -- it was here that the musicians and visitors were seated.

My aunt busied herself with selecting the music while I sat, carefully cross-legged on the mattress. She had lit some sticks of incense, and the heady fragrance of jasmine filled the room, raising my already heightened senses to a newer level.

Then, she danced. I do not remember what exactly the dance was, as my knowledge of Odissi was and is limited. But it was very different from the one she had performed on stage. The movements were quieter somehow, and she moved slowly and fluidly, often holding a particular pose for a beat longer. It soon became obvious that this was some kind of dance of worship -- Odissi is a temple dance and was originally danced in worship of the residing deity.

Slowly, the pace built up. I could not take my eyes off her -- her heaving bosom, her rounded hips and her long fingers. My nostrils were filled with the scent of jasmine flowers -- my ears with the soft music. My erection was now rock hard and I could see a damp spot on my lungi, where some pre-cum fluid had leaked out. I did my best to hide the rise, keeping my hands in my crotch in an effort to cover it. Unfortunately my hands kept brushing against my erection, making it even harder till it was almost painful.

And then it was over. With a slow movement, Seema Auntie finished in a kneeling position, her forehead touching the floor, her hands outstretched before her. As the music came to an end, she sat up. She was breathing deeply from her exertions and was covered in a light sweat despite the air-conditioning. Her bosom rose and fell with every breath and my eyes were irresistibly drawn to her breasts, tightly encased in the deep red blouse.

"Well, that is a compliment!" my aunt said. With a start I realised that she quite probably had seen where I was looking and looked up at her face. But her eyes were on my crotch. She sucked in her breath and moved closer. "Can I touch it?" she purred. Her eyes were kind of glassy and she was breathing funny. I nodded and closed my eyes, too embarrassed to watch her do it.

And before I could make a move, she had leaned forward and reached out to hold my cock through the thin cloth. "Ohhhh" she moaned as her fingers caressed the shaft. "It’s getting bigger. I think it likes me," she giggled. My cock thumped against her warm, soft fingers as it grew in her hand.

I gasped and for a moment could not breathe. My cock was harder than I’d ever seen it. I felt I might come at any second. I gritted my teeth and held my breath, trying my best to make it last. My head was a jumble of sensations – the erotic sent of the incense, the soft white mattress under me and the pain of my erection – and the soft warmth of the hand that held it. I could only stare quite petrified at the beautiful woman who knelt right in front of me, smiling gently as she ran her thumb over the top of my cock. I stammered and placed a hand over the hand at my crotch, instinctively trying to pull it away.

My aunt shushed me with a motion of her lips, shaking her head. She then reached out and gently removed my hand, before placing a finger across my lips.

"Lie back," she whispered. "And keep still."

And then she pulled at my lungi with one hand as I lay back on the mattress, moving closer so that I could feel the heat of her body as her knee pressed into my thigh. I moaned involuntarily as the cloth moved off my aching cock, which she released only to capture again, now moving her hand up and down its length.

"Have you ever done it…?" she panted as her hand began stroking my tingling tool. I shook my head and shoved my hips at her maddening hand. She knelt over one of my legs, pressing her crotch down on it as she stroked my dick.

I had always wondered whether I had an average cock, like most teenagers. Any doubts I had were now put to rest as she exclaimed in pleasure at her first sight of it – nine inches even at that age, thick and hard.

I was lying back and watching her, almost with disbelief, but now I sat up, propping myself on my elbows as she bent low and kissed it. I moaned louder, and panted a little – I was beginning to wonder whether this was all a dream.

The long fingers of her other hand played up my bare leg and reached my crotch. I felt my heart beating as she now moved both hands over my throbbing cock. My aunt smiled and licked her lips invitingly as she stared at my rigid tool, her inviting mouth a bare inch away. I lifted my hips, poking her in the mouth with my hard dick.

She lifted one hand to her head and tugged at something. I could feel her long black hair falling silkily over my bare thighs as she bent her head forward and put her full, hot lips against my now very hard and throbbing dick.

Her lips enveloped my dick, and her tongue ran tight little circles around the sensitive head, making my entire body quiver. She gradually took more and more of me inside her warm, moist and hungry mouth and sucked my tool ferociously. She held my balls securely in one hand and wrapped the other hand tightly around the swollen shaft. Her tightly wrapped hand traveled up and down my shaft with the same motion of her lovely head.

I felt the familiar tugging inside me as my cock flew in and out of the hard friction of her soft but tightly compressed mouth – only it was much, much stronger than I had ever known. I went crazy, lifting my hips higher and higher, trying to jam my entire cock inside her throat. She was making noises that sent delicious little vibrations up and down my cock. My toes were clenching and curling as my cock shot in and out of her slippery mouth and her entire head was moving to the rhythm of my passionate thrusts. I gasped out that I was going to cum.

I think, even in my passion, I was a little surprised when she did not move away. She actually wanted me to cum in her mouth!

With a harsh groan I shoved my entire cock all the way inside my aunt’s mouth and began to shoot my hot cum into her throat. I felt my semen begin boiling forth in a glorious burst of pleasure. I shot my cum into her hot mouth and could imagine the sperm covering her full, red lips. It felt so good; I didn’t care about anything, just releasing my love juices into the wonderfully sexy mouth of this beautiful woman.

I was crying out and shaking all over with the force of my cumming and she was making noises that further excited my crazed penis.

I pulled out a little so that I wouldn’t choke her and when I opened my eyes I was astonished to see her sucking and licking up every last drop of my sperm. My cock was sensitive and my balls ached with the force of that discharge, but I couldn’t make her stop. Her lips were moving up and down my cock, her tongue whipping around and around it, tasting and probing and I swear she got every single drop!

I was lying there panting and still trembling a little when she sighed and sat up.

"I hope that is not all you have in you," she said, rising to her feet. "Because I want some more."

I could not answer. My throat was hoarse from all the panting I had been doing and I could only look up at her, still barely able to grasp what was happening.

Seema Auntie giggled. "You poor boy," she smiled. "This is the first time you are with a girl, is it not?"

I nodded my head dumbly – I still did not trust my voice.

Meanwhile her hands were busy, unbuttoning and unpinning her costume. A few snaps and her blouse was shrugged off her shoulders. Another snap and her black bra fell away to the floor, while I drank in my first sight of a naked woman’s breasts. Unlike the unreal pictures of hugely busted blondes I had seen in pornographic magazines, Auntie’s breasts stood proudly out on her chest, with only a hint of sag. Her nipples were really large – I have never seen any with such large aureoles. In the bright lights of the rehearsal room, I saw her nipples begin to harden and lift up, pointing out.

Then she bent and slid off her panties. I had been too immersed in her breasts to realise that she had already undone and dropped the lower sari-type garment. Underneath she had on a simple pair of flower patterned cotton panties, which she now lowered.

As Seema Auntie stood up, smiling a little, I realised she was not the least bit embarrassed by the fact that she now stood quite nude, except for a few ornaments, before her nephew by marriage. She ran her hands over her hips and moved them up to her breasts, cupping and stroking the nipples with the tips of her fingers.

"Well darling," she said softly. "Time to lose your virginity!"

And with that, she knelt beside me again, reaching for my still moist cock, looking deep into my eyes all the while. I groaned as she bent and gave my aroused tool a few quick sucks to bring it to full erection

My hand went for one of her big tits and she turned and moved into my arms, kissing me with those red, cock-sucking lips. "You’ve really got a nice big cock," she whispered in my ear. "How did you like being sucked?"

"auntie, I…" I began, but she put a hand over my mouth.

"Just Seema, darling…" she breathed into my ear, before moving her lips to cover mine. For a brief moment, I felt her soft lips move against mine, her tongue easing past my lips and into my mouth. I grabbed her tits, suddenly desperate to know every inch of her lovely body. I ran my hands all over them, cupping and pressing them in growing excitement.

Then she raised herself up and swung a leg across my hips till she was straddling me. Her long black hair, the remnants of her floral decoration caught here and there in its strands, covered her shoulders as she looked down at our crotches. She then steadied herself with one hand on my chest as she held my now hard cock in the other hand and pointed me up at her cunt.

For a moment she stayed in this position, rubbing slightly on my cock, moving her little finger over the sensitive tip. And then she positioned herself over me and let herself down, slowly. As my cock sank into her, she threw her head back and let out a deep, earthy moan that seemed to vibrate all the way down to my balls.

I groaned in response. Sensation was all over me. My cock felt like it had never felt before. Her pussy was incredibly hot and wet and she was moaning and gasping frantically, seemingly on the verge of an explosive orgasm.

Then lovely Seema began grinding her hot cunt against my cock, mashing herself against my pelvic bone with a tight circular motion. She leaned over me and shook those lovely tits on my chest. Her erect nipples brushed against mine and now we were both moaning like two hot and horny lovers.

I grabbed those beautiful mounds and sucked on them one at a time. Her tight, swollen nipples expanded even further inside my mouth. I’d never seen nipples grow so long and hard. They were the tightest, firmest nipples I could ever had imagined. Her breasts seemed to swell with every breath she took. And they felt like soft pillows as this lovely woman’s body rose and fell hard and fast on my rigid cock.

Her voice was singing an erotic symphony. Her frantic moaning was interspersed with hard gasps and intermittent panting. As she got hotter, she emitted soft whimpers and when she was right on the verge of soaking my crotch, she shrieked. Even though I had cum in what seemed to be torrents only a few minutes before, I could feel my orgasm rising swiftly. I groaned and tried to hold back, but it was no use.



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"Now!" she gasped. "Cum with me!" She trembled all over and screamed as my hot, thick cum spurted into her cunt. Her spasming pussy unleashed a torrent of her hot, musky cum. It ran in swift-moving little streams down the insides of my thighs and soaked the mattress beneath us. I thought her flow would never end.
