 *** New writer any feedback would be good! Characters are all over 18 are entirely fictional. Hope you enjoy!! ***

*****

Exactly why the events of that weekend happened the way they did is still something I'm quite unsure of... Even months later as I replay those hours over and over in my head, I still can't quite figure out a definitive cause. Yes, we were drunk but we'd been drunker. Yes, we were horny but that was nothing new. Yes, we were on a high celebrating graduation but hundreds of students celebrate year on year without the kind of incident that we became involved in.

I suppose it all started with a simple invitation from my friend Olivia. We were both cross country runners from rival unis and had met at a handful of competitions. We'd instantly hit it off and stayed in contact very regularly between events and were always sure to catch each other for a least a quick catch up during every competition or over BUCS event. Olivia's parents were very well off and owned a guest house in Scotland that they rented out. As a present to Olivia for graduating, they let her have the run of the place for a long weekend. By this point we were quite close friends and she naturally invited me along.

With her permission I invited my best friend from uni, Chris. Chris was a bit taller than me at 6 foot to my 5'9" and had a very "gentle giant" air about him. Chris was classically tall, dark and handsome. Clean shaven and barely a hair on his body! A contrast to me with a rough, full and dark beard. Aside from that Chris had a car which meant that the two of us could avoid taking the painfully slow and eye wateringly expensive train from London, where we studied, to Olivia's parent's house just north of Sterling.

Olivia must have seen us coming up the drive because as we pulled up she was already outside and ran over to greet us. Her blonde hair waved from side to side as she run up and threw her arms around me. Olivia was evidently a knockout! Her years on the track had given her a very sporty body: skinny waist, toned legs and ass, and firm D cup boobs.

"Danny!" she said, "thank you so much for coming!!"

"Thank us? Liv you're the one giving us a free weekend away in a Scottish mansion!"

"Even so I'm happy you're here." She gave me a wink and turned to Chris, "Danny you didn't tell me your friend was going to be cute... I might have to keep Jemma and Poppy on a leash."

Chris blushed and stumbled for words, Olivia smiled knowing she'd had exactly the reaction she was after.

"Speaking of which are you going to introduced us to the other two?" I asked.

"Yeh follow me in," Liv chirped.

We followed her in both checking out her ass in her leggings as we went in. Olivia found Poppy first in the living room watching TV. Poppy was from Russia and "Poppy" wasn't hear real name but the long and hard to pronounce Russian alternative was readily substituted for its English counterpart. Poppy was 5'7" with dark hair and a fantastic figure and B cup breasts. In a later conversation I found out she was a Ballet dancer and this explained how she could hold herself in such a way that made every inch of her body seem exciting and erotic. Introductions were made and we moved on around the house for the tour.

The house was huge, it had six different bed rooms (Olivia explained that her friend Sophie would be arriving in two days time), a large modern conservatory, a dining room, extravagant kitchen, living room, and reception room and an basement pool, sauna, steam room and Jacuzzi. It was in the last of these that we found Jemma.

As Jemma rose out of the water to meet us she looked part model, part Bond girl, part sexual goddess. She wore a black bikini that left little to the imagination. Cover her A cup boobs was a single-piece band and on her bottoms cut low enough down her mons that you knew this girl shaved.

"I was wondering what time you boys were getting here. I would say hello but as you can see." Jemma struck a pose, "I'm dripping wet." Her voice was the epitome proper English country breading and upper class elocution. If ballet classes had taught Poppy how to hold herself in a way that made the most of her features, Private School headmistresses telling Jemma to stand up straight and talk with diction had made this woman the finest that English gentry had to offer. 

The day passed by uneventfully. We swam a bit, chatted in the various communal spaces and Chris (tried) to cook a BBQ for lunch outside in the garden. As the day went on we drank beers and wines and by the evening we were all a little tipsy.

I don't remember the rest of the conversation but I remember the point where things started to get interesting.

"I mean Seb was good but he certainly wasn't the BEST sex I've ever had. I think he thought he was in some kind of porn film..." Olivia mused, a slight look of disappointment on her face.

"So go on then Liv. What's the best sex you've ever had," I asked Olivia.

"You know Darren the runner from Bristol?" she replied and I nodded in affirmation. "We hooked up at South West qualifiers last year and he just..." Olivia cut herself off, suddenly unsure as to if she wanted to reveal this information.

"He what?" I pressed grinning as Liv began to blush.

"No it's embarrassing!" she replied but as the group began to cajole her she raised a hand a called silence. "Ok! ok! He... dominated me. Like really well. Like hair pulling and degrading well and I just came really really hard."

Silence hung over the room for a beat.

"Well that sure beats my 'that one time my ex went on top and didn't make me do all the work' story!" Chris joked and the room laughed.

"If we've done ours the rest of you have to do yours!" Olivia chirped, "Poppy?"

"No absolutely not," She said.

"The other option is I tell everyone that story about the-"

"Ok ok!" Poppy cut off, all of us now a little intrigued about what story could change her mind. "It was this Spanish boy on holiday. Maybe it was the language barrier thing but I just found it so hot; him taking me and the two of us barely being able to share a sentence together!" Poppy paused, "plus that boy just knew how I like it!" she finished, drawing a laugh from the group.

"My turn I guess" I said "My ex and I bought a remote control vibrator off the internet. She wore it out to dinner one night and I had the controls... I practically had her cumming before the starters arrived and kept her on the edge for the next hour or so as we ate. We'd barely shut the door to my room before we were naked and both of us were so turned on that we were practically cumming from that first touch. it wasn't a long night, one of those times where stamina is over rated! But we both finished multiple times and were thoroughly satisfied."

"God that sounds so hot..." whispered Poppy just a little too loudly, causing her to blush from the sudden attention. "I just mean that one of those is definitely going on my shopping list. Jemma, care to finish us off?" Poppy said, diverting the focus away from her.

Jemma had been daydreaming; very absent from the conversation, which was unlike her. The words that would come out of her mouth would very much change the tone of the evening. She took a breath in and began.

"I um... I like watching people... you know... fuck. Watching others naked, writhing and cumming just makes me more aroused than I could ever put into words. Until I'd met my ex, I'd never had the limits and boundaries of this pushed to their maximum. One night we went out to a bar and picked up the beautiful blonde Czech girl, Laura her name was, we took her back to my boyfriends house and he tied me to a chair, naked and I watched as he fucked Laura over and over again..."

Her eyes had drifted away, as she remembered. Jemma bit her lip a little, her face flushed and she shifted in her seat. All of us were transfixed by her story and how it was developing. She continued.

"Whilst she took his cock, she kept perfect eye contact with me, as if to say 'look at me fucking your man right in front of you'. My boyfriend needed to recuperate after his third climax, so he told Laura to tease me but to not let me cum. She-" Jemma paused, taking a drink of water and steadying her breath. You could hear a pin drop. "She sucked on my nipples and played with my clit. I was so wet from watching her fuck my ex that I was on the edge in seconds, but she wouldn't let me finish. When my boyfriend returned he positioned Laura at the top of our bed and bent me over the bottom. He fucked me hard and mercilessly from behind as I watched Laura play with herself. I was just... He had total control and had pushed my fantasy to its absolute limit and I came so unbelievably hard, I actually passed out for a moment. It was the most intense, amazing climax of my life. Laura stayed over that evening and we fucked a few times in the night but nothing will compare to that climax, how I felt watching her fuck him and how well he took me afterwards." Jemma exhaled, "That's it."

Silence.

"Wow." whispered Olivia "That was unbelievable."

"I'd.. uh.. I think I'd like a bit of air" Jemma said and stood up and left the room.

The room returned to silence, no one was quite sure how to continue from here. Despite Jemma's departure, we could still feel the sexual tension and arousal that had built up in the room. No one wanted to acknowledge it just yet, or where it could lead, but certainly no one wanted to step back from the edge! I decide to break the silence.

"Olivia. Truth or Dare?" I asked.

She looked at me, knowing what was really on the table. She could step back now, change the subject or change the game and the weekend would go on as planned. Or she could answer my question and enter a game that, in our current condition, would almost certainly lead somewhere terrifying yet exciting.

Keeping eye contact she spoke, "Truth."

"Do you prefer to watch or be watched?" I asked, a clear reference to Jemma's story.

"I like being watched, being put on display. In halls I sometimes allow my male housemates the pleasure of an 'accidental' towel slip as I get out the shower, then masturbate thinking about what I just did." The silence seemed to warm from her response, it was no longer just Jemma who had really put herself out there, "Chris, Truth or Dare?".

"Dare," He replied.

"Take off your shirt," said Olivia quickly, this was relatively tame but marked the movement of the game into new territory. Chris complied with his instructions.

"Poppy?" continued Chris.

"Truth," She replied.

"Will you masturbate thinking about any of this in the future?" Said Chris, unsure if he'd pushed it too far.

Poppy, sensing his uncertainty, replied confidently "Almost certainly. Olivia?"

"I'm going to go and see if Jemma's ok," I interjected, standing up, I think it might be interesting to let things develop here on their own. "Dare," I heard Olivia say as I left the room.

I looked all around for Jemma: outside, on the drive, in the kitchen; but I couldn't find her. I went down to the pool and was about to give up when I saw a small figure inside the sauna. Jemma. As approached, I noticed one of the most surprising and arousing sights I've seen in my entire life. There was Jemma, changed into her bikini, with her hands down her bikini bottoms, fucking herself softly. I approached and knocked gently on the door.

She opened her eyes and saw me. Jemma was surprised for a moment then beckoned me in. As I entered, I opened my mouth to speak, but she cut me off:

"Don't speak. I'm going to carry on masturbating. You're welcome to stay, go or get yourself off; but I'm going to carry on doing this and if that makes you uncomfortable, leave."

I paused then stripped to my underwear and sat down opposite her. I wanted to watch for a bit before dealing with my own arousal. Now with an audience, Jemma played up to the attention. I watched her hand move irregularly, holding rhythm on one part of her sex before moving to the next. I heard her moans rise and fall in pitch and watched as her nipples became more and more erect and visible.

Time passed, I don't know how long, we were both locked in some trance that Jemma broke with her next sentence, "I'm going to remove my bikini top now. I would like you to remove your boxers." This wasn't an order, she was telling me what she wanted and allowed me to decide what I wanted to do. Naturally, I acquiesced.

As I rubbed my cock and watched this perfect exhibition of English aristocracy, Jemma opened her eyes and held my gaze. Despite the fact that neither of us were touching each other, this was one of the most intimate moments of my life. We continued but as the pleasure rose in my body, it was time for me to progress the situation. Without saying a word, I stood up and walked towards Jemma. I placed my right hand on the inside of her thigh and caressed her soft blond hair with the other, lightly guiding her head in the direction of my cock. Jemma spread her legs, allowing my right hand access to where ever I pleased, and, looking up at me, kissed the tip of my penis gently.

I hooked her bikini bottoms with my finger and pulled softly. She raised her body, allowing herself to be totally unclothed. As I slowly placed my finger at the entrance to her vagina, she opened her mouth and slowly began taking my hard erection. That's how it began, slowly, edging each other further. But, like the tumbling of small rocks to start an avalanche, our pace increased and soon we were steadily driving each other towards a magnificent climax.

As I was fingering her, I flicked my fingers up and into her G spot. She moaned as she took my cock in her mouth and used her hands to play with my shaft and balls. We could both see our climax on the horizon, when I decided to go for broke. Placing my hands on her shoulders, I guided her back, so that she was laying down. I barely broke pace as I entered her and brought this spectacle to its finale. It was barely 20 seconds before she pulled me close, wrapping her arms around me and kissing me, and whispered, "I'm going to cum for you." Her words, spoken so softly, sent me over the edge and as I began to fill her up with hot cum, her vaginal contractions from her own climax sought to milk as much out of me as possible. 

As we came down we kissed some more, then stood up. "Lets go back in. Don't get dressed, I doubt the others will be." I said standing up. Jemma took my hand and followed me. 

As we walked in we saw exactly the scene I was expecting. Olivia and Poppy were on their knees, sucking Chris's sizeable cock. They were both naked and both had butt plugs in. Seeing Jemma and me walk in naked told the three everything they needed to know about where we were. We all laughed a little and then Jemma kissed me on the cheek saying, "I'm going to bed, this one tired me out. Be sure to give my friends as good a fucking as you gave me." And with that she turned in for the night.

Smiling at Jemma as she left, Olivia stood up and walked towards me. This was the first time I'd seen my amazing friend naked and I marvelled at how toned her body was. It seemed the only fat on Liv was on her sizeable breasts, which I now knew were topped and almost juxtaposed with her tiny but very pink nipples. Looking down, I saw her prominent inner lips and a tiny triangle of blonde public hair above her clit. 

"Well, stud, are you going to make sure I'm as well fucked as dear Jemma?" she smirked, "Chris is taking every opportunity he has to fuck Poppy to within an inch of her life, I think he really likes her, but as such my little love hole remains un-fucked this evening.". What Olivia said about Poppy and Chris was clearly not baseless, she's already taken advantage of Liv's absence by mounting Chris, Cowgirl style. Clearly you can 3rd wheel at an orgy.

"Why don't we go upstairs?" I offer. Olivia nods and leads me out of the main room and up to the master bedroom. 

"Now remember what I said earlier. I need to be dominated," said Olivia as she laid herself back on the bed, splaying her body for my enjoyment.

I smile and shake my head slowly, before springing into action, grabbing her ankles and pulling her to me, throwing her legs apart, then grabbing the back of her hair and pulling her head back so he's looking at me as I tower over her.

I kiss her on the cheek. "Be careful what you wish for, my little slut," I retort before diving on my pray...