 Everybody sat and made small talk amongst themselves. There were 6 of us, Me, Rob, Michelle, Krystal, Brett and his wife Sharon. They were the only connected ones, the rest of us not too sure of what to do. This was a first for the rest of us; Brett and Sharon were regulars at swapping parties and orgies. I was as nervous as hell, but also extremely excited by the prospect of being involved in an all-in fuck fest. 

The chatter was full of laughs and people were drinking beers, but you could feel the nervousness in the air, the way people looked into their drinks, looked up at the ceiling, and nervously grabbed their ear lobes. Brett and Sharon were on the sofa opposite me, Rob and Michelle sat on another to my right, and Krystal sat next to me. I had met her once or twice; she seemed like a nice girl, very friendly, lovely smile, and the nicest set of tits I had ever seen. I was hoping I could get a good feel of those tits in an unrestrained state before too long, my cock began to twitch at the thought. 

Sharon sat back in her seat and looked around at everybody, I nervously smiled at her and she gave me a sly little wink, I knew what was going to happen very soon, there was something in that wink that said it all. Sharon began talking to Rob across the room and started to rub the palms of her hands across her tits, her nipples immediately sprang to life through the thin cotton of her shirt, I could see that she had no bra on. There was another woman with a knockout set of tits. I vividly remember that day that I came out of their bathroom and past her partially opened bedroom door as she got changed. Her tits were a wonder to behold, firm, pert and with large nipples. I also remember how hard my cock got as I stood there for a few seconds to marvel at her naked form before I moved on, pulling my tee shirt down to hide my erection. Now, my cock stirred itself into life again at the site of her erect nipples, that and an expectation of what was beginning to unfold in Brett and Sharon's lounge room. 

Sharon's chest began to rise and fall just a little quicker, she was getting hornier by the moment and everybody in the room noticed. She was kneading her tits harder and by now had stopped her idle chitchat with Rob and was enjoying her working herself up and getting the evenings proceedings started. She reached down and started to rub Brett's now hard cock through the fabric of his shorts. I looked over at Rob and Michelle and saw Rob had his hand in the inside of her thigh and was slowly working his way up her leg. Michelle was breathing heavy, probably as much in nervousness as it was in getting horny and I saw her slowly open her legs wider.

I took a glance at Krystal and noticed she had her hands in her lap and was making small movements with one of them, probably rubbing her clit with her thumb. All this sexual tension was making my already hard cock begin to throb and Sharon had managed to get Brett's cock out and was slowly massaging it as she slipped her hand up her tee shirt to rub her nipples a little harder. I placed my hand on my own swollen man meat and rubbed it a little, it felt like it was going to split. I looked at Krystal again and noticed she had spread her legs and was rubbing herself through her trousers. I slipped my hand onto her thigh and she sighed heavily, seems this is what she was wanting. Rob had by this time removed Michelle's panties and was steadily fingering her on the other sofa. 

After a few more minutes, Sharon stood up and walked over to Rob and dropped to her knees in front of him and motioned for him to lift his ass so she could slide his pants down. She took his hard cock in her mouth and began to suck him slowly while she reached down and began to finger herself, Rob moaned and let his head fall back to enjoy what appeared to be the blow job from heaven. I slid my hand up Krystal's thigh and pushed her own hand out of the way so I could take over the clit duties from her. She moaned loudly and spread her legs wider for me, I climbed off the sofa and gave her the same unspoken command that Sharon had given Rob and she lifted her ass for me to pull her pants and panties off. Her pussy was glistening with wetness, I could smell it, and the smell drove me crazy with desire. I pulled her ass to the edge of the sofa and spread her legs so I could lick her wet cunt, she trembled at the first touch of my tongue. 

Michelle stood up, looking for somewhere to go, she lay on the floor in front of Brett, looking up at him eagerly while she fingered herself. He didn't need any more encouragement, Brett got down on the floor and placed himself between her legs, I couldn't see what he was doing, but judging by Michelle's moans he was doing it properly. I was still working on Krystal's clit with my tongue and she was rocking her hips slowly, trying hard to get a little extra movement onto her aching clit. I slipped two fingers into her wet pussy and she moaned loud enough for a couple of the others to look over. Sharon turned her head sideways with Rob's cock still in her mouth and I saw the smile in her eyes, she was enjoying this. 

I pulled my soaked fingers from Krystal's pussy and looked up at her from my kneeling position, I reached up and rubbed my fingers across her hardened nipples, she smiled at me seductively and stood up and motioned me to lie down on the floor. It struck me at that moment that nobody had said a word since Sharon had started to rub her own nipples 15 minutes ago, I then wondered how long it would be before somebody uttered the first word and the thought struck me as funny as I smiled to myself. 

I lay back on the floor and looked at Krystal, she kneeled between my legs and stroked my throbbing cock a few times before she leaned over and took it in her mouth and began sucking it. She had only been going a few minutes and I realised then that this was going to be one hell of a blowjob, DAMN! This woman was good. 

There were intermittent moans from around the room as Brett ate Michelle's pussy and moans from Rob as Sharon blew him. I just lay there enjoying the cock sucking I was receiving when all of a sudden I felt Krystal stiffen momentarily and then felt her relax and begin to suck me even harder than before. I opened my eyes and looked down my body to see Rob behind Krystal steadily pumping his cock in and out of her. Sharon had gone over and was sitting on Michelle's face, one hand holding her pussy open for her to lick and still rubbing those glorious tits with the other hand, she was moaning loudly and I could feel Krystal moaning on my cock as she sucked it. 

I decided it was time to speak, so I tapped Krystal on the top of the head " hey babe," I said "come up here and let me taste that sweet pussy of yours". She took my cock from her mouth and looked back at Rob. She then moved up my body and straddled my face, her pussy was so wet it was dripping and I greedily licked and sucked at it, not wanting to waste a drop. I could see Rob had stood up and was standing in front of Krystal with his cock in his hand. She looked up at him with a smile and took it and guided it into her waiting mouth and began to blow him while I licked her clit. 

Meanwhile, on the other side of the room, Sharon was riding Michelle's face, I could see her rocking her hips on Michelle's tongue and had one of her tits pushed up to her mouth and was licking her own nipple. The next moment, Sharon let out a yell and threw her head back and came real good, her orgasm brought Michelle to hers, "oh FUCK!! I'm cumming too!!" Michelle yelled as bucked on Brett's probing tongue. "OH GOD!! Fuck meeeeeee!" she yelled at Brett.

Brett needed no more instructions, he sat up, his face was covered with her pussy juice and he got between her legs and pushed his cock into her and she sighed loud as he pushed it all the way in.

By now, Krystal was moaning, it was quite loud considering she had a mouth full of cock, the moans turned me on real bad, I love the sound of a woman enjoying her sex and I sucked her clit even harder. I wet one finger and then slipped it up her ass. Krystal arched her back and came hard bucking and throwing her head back and swearing profusely "OH GOD!! Somebody FUCK MEEEEE!!" she screamed "fuck my cunt, and do it NOW!!" I didn't need any more pushing, I got her off my face and sat up looking at her, "ok babe, let's fuck," I said. She smiled at me with that seductive look and said "fuck me good!" I looked at Rob and grinned, he just stood there with his cock in his hand with that idiot "damn that felt good!" look on his face. 

Meanwhile Sharon, Michelle and Brett where still hard at it, Brett was still pumping Michelle, although Sharon was now lying next to Michelle kissing her passionately. The sight of two women kissing made my cock throb badly and I wanted to bury it in somebodies pussy real soon. I looked at Krystal, she was watching what was going on the other side of the room and had her hand back between her legs and was furiously fingering herself. 

Sharon motioned Rob over, and got onto her knees, "fuck me like a dog big boy," she said to him. Rob grinned and obliged, I looked back at Krystal, she was too engrossed in watching and fingering her pussy and moaning softly, she obviously enjoyed watching people having sex. I stood up and took her hand and walked her over to the other side of the room and sat with my back against the sofa and Krystal straddled me and sat down and eased my cock into her pussy, it was rather tight and felt good as my cock slowly entered her all the way. She closed her eyes and moaned as she bucked slowly on her haunches and began to squeezes my cock with her pussy muscles. 

MAN!! This woman could fuck!! She was damn good. Sharon was kneeling next to Michelle and was sucking her nipples while Rob was pile driving her from behind, Brett had an ankle in each hand, Michelle looked kinda funny with her legs splayed so wide up in the air, and Brett was steadily pumping away with a look of shear pleasure on his face. I leaned forward and started to lick Krystal's nipples as she rode me and she moaned again. She was watching the others fucking only a couple of feet away, and by now the whole room smelled of sex. Michelle was rolling her head from side to side, I guessed she would cum again soon. 

Sharon was rocking gently from Rob's thrusts and Krystal was still squatting over my cock and rubbing her nipples with one hand and steadying herself with the other. I reached down and began to rub her clit and she moaned loud and increased the tempo a little. Sharon lifted herself up onto her hands and began to push herself back hard onto Rob's cock "I'm going to cum Rob!!" she said and was thrusting herself back harder and harder. Rob had hold of her hips and was fucking her as hard as he could ram his cock into her hungry cunt. 

Sharon threw her head back and came at pretty much the same moment that Rob said, "Oh fuck!!" as they both came hard. Brett was close to shooting judging from his increased rate and I could feel I wasn't too far off myself, "suck me Krystal, swallow my cum" I said to her. Krystal slowly pulled herself off my cock and knelt beside me and put her mouth over my throbbing meat missile and sucked me hard and fast, she could tell I was close to cumming and she wanted to swallow what I was about to pump into her mouth. Suddenly, Krystal moaned loud on my cock, I opened my eyes and looked over to see Sharon with her head between Krystal's legs and was licking her pussy.

That was all I needed and I yelled as I pushed my cock hard into her mouth and shot what felt like a gallon of my cum into her mouth. She swallowed greedily, trying not to waste a drop and she was bucking like crazy on Sharon's face and I wondered to myself if she realised it was a woman that was licking her pussy for her. Krystal finished sucking my cock dry just in time to cum again, this time it was harder and louder than before. She was shaking her head from side to side and I could see her body tremble.

Everybody was sitting around languidly, tired from a good session of sex. We were all still naked and there was body fluids gleaming here and there Sharon was laying next to Krystal with her pussy juice smeared all over her face, and Krystal had a few drops of my cum on her that she hadn't managed to swallow. Rob was sitting on the edge of the coffee table looking through a box that seemed to contain various types of sex toys and several tubes of what I assumed to be KY or something similar. Rob picked up this huge vibrator and showed it to Michelle, he had an idiot grin on his face and proceeded to turn it on and place it on the table. It jumped and bucked and made a funny rattling noise on the table. Everybody burst out laughing at the sight of this huge vibrator bouncing around the coffee table. 

I was hoping that pretty soon I would see that vibrator in action in somebodies pussy. 

Sharon spoke up then, "I wouldn't mind somebody using that thing on me" she had the look on her face of a kid about to walk into a candy store on a free for all. Rob being the smart ass he is handed it to Michelle. She took it and waved it towards Sharon, "matter who uses it?" she asked. "No not at all!" Sharon replied. With that, Sharon lay back and spread her legs wide, waiting to accept the enormous vibrator that Michelle was inching towards her glistening pussy. 

Sharon reached down and spread her pussy lips wide, Michelle placed the vibrator at the entrance to her pussy and twisted it slightly and pushed it in slowly. Sharon moaned, "ooohhhhhh mmmmmm" Michelle pushed it in and pulled it out a couple of times then she twisted the bottom of the vibrator to turn it on. A soft hum emanated from between Sharon's legs and she moaned again, slowly rotating her hips towards the thrusting implement. Michelle left the vibrator in place for a moment as she swung around and sat on Sharon's face as they went into the 69 position. Michelle went back to work on Sharon's pussy with the vibrator and Sharon went to work on Michelle's pussy with her tongue.

Krystal was rubbing her clit again, she seemed to be doing that a lot. She crawled over to where Brett was sitting watching the two women fuck and suck themselves into oblivion. She took his cock in her hand and stroked it slowly while she watched the expression on his face, Krystal watched Michelle fucking Sharon with the vibrator for a while and had one hand on her clit and the other on Brett's cock, stroking it slowly. Brett lay down on his back and motioned for Krystal to come sit on his cock. She climbed on and lowered herself onto his cock, moaning as it slowly slid in. Sharon reached up and dragged the box of toys off the coffee table and was fishing around blindly for one to use on Michelle. She pulled out a smooth silver vibrator and turned it on and began to rub it on her clit. Michelle lifted her head and moaned loud and instinctively began to move her hips against the buzzing pleasure toy. Rob stood up and walked over in front of Krystal and offered his cock to her again, she took it in her hand and guided it into her mouth and began to suck it while she rode Brett's thick cock. It was surprising that a guy with a cock like that could fit it in a tight little pussy like she had. 

Rob grabbed Krystal's hair and was forcing her face onto his cock faster, it didn't seem to worry her, and actually, she seemed to like it. Sharon was now sliding the shiny silver vibrator into Michelle's pussy at a steady rate, she was lifting her hips up onto the big one that Michelle was operating. It seemed somewhat louder now, Michelle must have turned up a speed. I looked at Krystal's cute little ass moving back and forward onto Brett's cock, it looked so tempting, I reckoned that very soon I was going to bury my hard cock in her tight ass all the way to the hilt. I looked into the toy box and saw there were two vibrators left there, one was a flesh coloured one about 7" long, and the other was about 9" long but was tapered. 

It looked perfect for her ass. It tapered down to nearly a point with a rounded end on it. I lubed it up and placed it on her asshole. "NO!" she yelled... I grinned to myself, Rob grabbed her hair and pushed his cock back into her mouth. I pushed the funny looking vibrator a bit harder and I saw Krystal tense up a little, I pushed harder and it started to enter her ass. I turned it on and I felt it buzz in my hand. Krystal relaxed a little and moaned lightly on Rob's cock. I pushed it in further, working it in and out, gradually going in further each thrust. She began to buck a little harder on Brett's cock and he had hold of her nipples and was stretching the down, squeezing and pinching them. 

Meanwhile, Sharon and Michelle were a moaning pile of bodies on the floor, I couldn't believe that somebody could produce so much pussy juice... Sharon was covered in it; it was all over her face... running down her arm that she was using to fuck Michelle savagely with the vibrator. They were both bucking and writhing around. Michelle then turned the vibrator she was using onto high speed, it sounded like there was a giant blow fly in the room and she was grunting with the exertion of jamming the dildo as far into Sharon's pussy as she could get it. 

Meanwhile Sharon was going at a rate of knots on Michelle's pussy with the one she was using. Then suddenly, she took the vibrator out of Michelle's pussy and stuck it straight up her ass... Michelle arched her back and screamed as she came, still plunging the dildo she was operating into Sharon. Michelle was gyrating her hips as she came, Sharon kept ass fucking her with it and then Sharon came again also. She bucked and shook as they both had what seemed a multiple orgasm. Michelle rolled off Sharon and turned around and lay next to her, they embraced and kissed for a while as they enjoyed the afterglow of a great orgasm.

Krystal was still getting it in all 3 holes, although, I was ready to replace the fake cock with my own. I sat behind her slowly ass fucking her with the vibrator, stroking my aching cock slowly. I coated my aching prick in KY and pulled the vibrator out of her ass, it was time she was fucked good and proper. I got behind her and I felt her brace herself as I put my cock against her ass and pushed. Krystal stiffened again as my cock slowly entered her tight ass, I think she was having too much fun to feel any pain from my cock, it was about double the width of the wand like vibrator I was using previously. I pushed it all the way in, she was so tight, it felt really good to have her tight ass around my shaft. 

She relaxed once it was all the way in and resumed bucking back and forth with a cock in each bodily orifice and she seemed happy with that. I was slowly fucking her ass with my hands on her hips, Rob was rocking back and forth fucking her face and Brett had a hole filled from underneath. Michelle and Sharon had placed themselves on either side of her and where rubbing her body all over and massaging her nipples. Krystal was moaning constantly while she sucked Rob's meat and he was near to cumming. He suddenly pulled his cock out of her mouth, "pull my cock, I wanna cum on your face!!" Krystal grabbed it and pulled fast and hard. 

Rob grunted and next thing was shooting a stream of cum over her face. It was in her hair, on her eyelids; she had cum all over her face. Her head was back and her mouth open, still seems like she never got a drop in her mouth. Rob was holding his softening cock in his hand and shoved it in her mouth so she could suck it a little, to drain it of the last drops. I grabbed her hips again and began to fuck her harder. She moaned loud and half turned to me "fuck me harder!" she said. 

I grinned and stopped fucking her 

"NO!! Don't you dare stop!" she yelled at me "I want you to fuck me NOW!! Fuck my ass HARD! Damnit!" She had a serious look on her face and I thought she was going to cum real good any minute now. Michelle was reaching under Krystal and rubbing her clit while Brett was doing his best to fuck her hard. I was reaming her behind trying to accommodate her wishes.
