 Though these stories can stand alone on their own as singular tales of debauchery and lust, I encourage you to start from the beginning to see how our protagonist has gotten herself where she is. 

In Chapter 1, we meet Alexandra a nondescript businesswoman who is lured into an sexual adventure and is turned into Lexi a wanton fuck toy. She is whisked off to Chicago and after a decadent shopping spree is taken to a hotel and is worked over by unseen hands. As we pick the story back up. Lexi is just discovering that her friends Ashley and LaMont are behind her first set of orgasms and are looking to give her more. 

***

Lexi barely had time to think more less breathe as her friend Ashley was devouring her face in kisses, and Ashley's boyfriend LaMont was hungrily devouring her clit and pussy. LaMont had not only reinserted the plug that was in Lexi's ass but had pushed two thick fingers in her sopping wet hole. 

"You want this don't you, slut? Ashley barked at her as they suddenly broke their furious kiss.

"Yes!" Lexi stammered 

"You will get it when I tell you to get it!" Ashley snapped pushing her back on the bed. Lexi was surprised by the rough treatment but also what happened next. Ashley straddled her face and lowered her own sopping wet pussy on her face. "Bon apetit, slut." She commanded.

Lexi had had her pussy eaten many times before by men and women alike, but eating pussy was something that she had never really tried. She had fingered more than a few but to see one up close like this was a wholly new experience. To be truthful, it was the first time that she had seen one this close. It was full and pouty, Ashley's pussy lips protruded and her clit stood almost pointy out of its hood. Lexi had only mere seconds to really take it all in as her face was covered. She figured she would try to mimic what LaMont was doing her and lash at Ashley's clit with her tongue. Apparently, she was a fast study because in less than a minute she could hear Ashley moan as her ministrations began to take its toll. Her pussy began dripping on to her face. Ashley's breathing became more and more ragged and her moans became more urgent. Without warning, Ashley gave what sounded like a grunting squeak and Lexi's face was awash in Ashley's pussy juices. Ashley did more than just squirt, she gushed. It was a good thing that she stood up and let her juices flow or she might have drowned Lexi. But Lexi was too far gone in her haze from LaMont who all the while was still giving her tender pussy a viscous tongue lashing while concurrently fingering her g-spot and pushing the bulbous anal probe into her ass. Lexi had already squirted several times and LaMont's face was covered in Lexi's juices. 

Ashley's clambered off the bed and knelt beside LaMont. She greedily engulfed his hard-throbbing member into her mouth. Lexi could see this very clearly, their eyes met in a lustful stare down. Lexi wanted LaMont back into her mouth. She wasn't greedy she was willing to share. Ashley had other ideas.

"This slut hasn't been really fucked yet." She said in an almost casual bored tone. Ashley moved back up to position herself next to Lexi. Lifting her legs up she more or less invited LaMont to slide inside her. Raising up on the bed, LaMont shed his robe. Dark and muscular, one could see the rippling of his muscles as he regarded the two women beneath him. His girlfriend Ashley had a wicked grin as she held Lexi's legs open. Lexi for her part was still partially in an orgasmic lustful haze, and looked at LaMont with an almost dazed look. LaMont took tip of his bulbous cockhead and dipped it into Lexi's soaked honeypot. But he didn't fully insert. Instead he used the juices on his cockhead to rub against Lexi's clit. This brought her quickly out of her fog and set her on edge.

"Motherfucker! Don't do that shit to me! Fuck me! Lexi knew rubbing her clit like that would make her squirt hard and she couldn't control it either. She felt helpless to the whims of LaMont who flashed a casual grin and continued to rub his cockhead on her clit. Ashley wasn't helping matters in way, kneading Lexi's breasts and tweaking her nipples. Lexi began to thrash and squirm on the bed, she felt as if she would go mad. 

Between mewling in ecstasy and growling with primal heat, Lexi was a cauldron of lust and still LaMont continued teasing her. Dipping the very tip of his cock into her then pulling it out to continue rub it on Lexi's engorged clit. Every now and then Ashley would lean down and lick the juices off and then frown saying "Its dry honey, you need to get it more wet. Or she would lick on Lexi's clit as LaMont rubbed the cockhead there as well. 

Lexi decided to change the game up for a bit. Grabbing Ashley's slim hips, she swung her lower torso back across her face. A shocked Ashley could only look up at a grinning LaMont who couldn't help thrush his cock into Lexi. Ashley now had a close-up view of her boyfriend's dark cock sliding into her friend. And truth be told, she loved the sight. If at all possible, Lexi got even wetter and her juices spattered all over the place. It did not take LaMont long to begin to pick up the pace, he continued a steady rhythm. Lexi for her part was busily noshing on Ashley's soaked pussy and relishing every time Ashley squealed and a requisite stream of girl cum would gush from her ever increasingly sensitive love hole. 

LaMont was trying his best to keep a steady even rhythm, but the combination of the sight of his girlfriend licking Lexi's drenched pussy was too much for him to take. LaMont's pace speeded up which sent Lexi's into a frenzied pace of licking which sent Ashley over the edge. She began to encourage LaMont. "Fuck the slut! Fill that pussy up. I want to lick your cum out of her. Oooh shit she's sucking on my pussy lips and clit! Can you hear how squishy I am? The slut is soaked and squirting on your cock baby. I love it!"

The dirty talk was what sent LaMont over the edge. With a guttural growl, he reared back and slammed his cock deep into Lexi who was now gushing like a fountain and trying to lap up every bit of Ashley's voluminous girl cum. Ashley for her part was licking up the sensual mix of LaMont cum and Lexi's squirting. The three lovers collapsed in a heap in the middle of the bed.

"That...was...amazing!" Lexi managed to squeak after a few minutes. "What a night!"

Lexi was startled by applause. Out of the shadows came a number of people. How long had they been there?

"Oh sweetie." Ashley said breathlessly "We're just getting started.

Lexi sat up and looked around there were three guys and four girls all in various stages of undress, and all were holding some sort of apparatus or toy as they approached. One dark skin male had an anal plug, a muscular blond male was carrying what looked like shaving materials in one hand and also a bucket of ice. There was a curvy raven haired beauty had was carrying nipple clamps, There was an older lady there holding a wand, not old old but mature. Lexi was trying to figure where she had seen her and it struck her like a thunderclap, it was her stylist Janelle. She was wearing a near sheer white camisole and nothing else. She had a striking caramel colored female trailing behind her on what looked like a leash and collar, this female was wearing a dildo. There was a brown skinned male who had another anal plug. Lexi knew the raven-haired beauty as her old friend Brit, the girl on the collar was Candace. The brown skinned male was Dexter. The other males were playmates of Brit and Candace but Lexi had never met them in person, but she had seen pictures of them both in various states of undress. Lexi knew both her homegirls played some and like thick hung males but this would be the first time that she would see them up close. 

The new playmates descended on Lexi like bees to honey. Gently spreading Lexi's legs apart, the blond male began to gently clean Lexi's pubic area. After he was done, he began to apply a light coat of shaving cream. Lexi's pussy was already soaked and sensitive and she began to whimper.

"Keep the slut still and quiet!" Janelle barked. The dark-skinned male, moved quickly to shush Lexi with his turgid cock. Candace moved to Lexi and applied the nipple clamps. This did nothing to quell the rising sexual tension in Lexi, she continued to squirm but she didn't want to get cut so she tried her best to focus. Meanwhile, Justin continue to expertly and deftly shave. When he shaved around her clit. Lexi squeaked and a gush of girl juice came out of her pussy. Justin stepped back and to Lexi's shock. Candace stepped up and like a kitten lapped up the cum. When it was gone, Justin stepped back lathered Lexi back up and finished the job. Candace came back again with a warm wash rag and towel to clean up. Lexi's pussy was now silky smooth and completely shorn.

"Apply the plug." Janelle directed. 

Rakeem, the dark-skinned man, reluctantly pulled away from the suckling Lexi and nimbly flipped her over. After being handed lube, he first dislodged the plug that was still firmly inside Lexi's bottom. Then after lubing up the plug, he slowly inserted in. Lexi first was amazed at how used to the first plug she had gotten then shocked at the larger plug easing its way into her anal cavity, she sucked in her breath as she took more and more of it and let out an audible sigh as it settled in. After inserting the plug fully, Rakeem walked back to Lexi's front and after yanking her head up, offered her his large ebony cock which Lexi hungrily devoured. 

"Look at this greedy slut." Janelle remarked. "She's already been airtight once?"

"Yes Mistress" Candace said meekly. "I fucked her before your arrival.

"Well then, she just needs more dick then." Snapping her fingers. "Dexter! Fill the slut.

Dexter stepped up and without a word, slammed his cock into Lexi. Lexi had never fucked Dexter before and nearly cried out as she was filled with his turgid cock. Lexi was pretty much airtight and it didn't take her too long before she began to tremble. She could feel another powerful orgasm building up. The juiciness of her pussy was getting tough for Dexter to take himself. Janelle could somehow sense this. She shouted "Stop!"

Dexter stopped in mid stroke and Lexi nearly screamed in frustration. She would have had Rakeem not had his cock nearly down her throat. Janelle slid up on the bed, and turned the wand onto a low hum. Applying the wand just above Lexi's clit, Janelle began rubbing slow lazy circles. Never directly touching her clit, Janelle kept the buzzing wand at a slow hum. Nodding at Dexter, she continued to rub the wand around her clit. Dexter slid back in slowly and began to slowly stroke Lexi. Lexi, while focused on sucking Rakeem was keenly aware of what else was going on around her. Candace was giving LaMont head, while Justin and Ashley were locked in a torrid 69. The room sounded and smelled like sex. The pheromones and sexual tension in the air was palpable and very obvious. It needed one spark to set off a cascade of orgasms. Janelle knew how to set it off, directly putting the wand on Lexi's engorged clit it took less than a minute before Lexi started screaming out a vocal orgasm.

Dexter kept pumping furiously and then let out a throaty roar, and began filling Lexi with his hot seed. This set Lexi off again, she began to squirt back onto Dexter. Rakeem, took his cock out of Lexis mouth and flipping her over again pushed her legs back and slid his full cock in Lexi with one swift stroke. Lexi's let out a squeal. Candace walked over to Lexi and squatted over Lexi's face. Lexi hungrily began licking at Candace's clit. Rakeem continued to pound Lexi with long hard strokes, meanwhile Janelle continued to work on Lexi's clit with the wand while LaMont had slid in behind her and slid into her. Ashley was riding Justin right next to Lexi and pulling on her nipple clamps. Once again, another orgasm by Lexi set everyone off again. But Janelle leaned down and sucked on Lexi's clit and it really set her off, she pushed Rakeem out of her with a hard squirt and scream. LaMont filled Janelle's pussy with another full load. Candace squatted hard on Lexi's face and squirted. Justin pulled out of Ashley and sprayed her face with his cum. All at once, the entire group collapsed in a heap. No one moved for what seemed an eternity...

"That was like wow." Lexi managed in a hoarse whisper.

"Who said we were done with you?" Came a voice out of the darkness

End CHAPTER 2