 PART 2: Reality

***

Saya and I had shared a beautiful weekend. Now the real world waited. Walking out the door, I couldn't think of anyone else I wanted at my side. My life after love had begun.

But when I said that the real world waited, I meant reality would be shattering my fantasy world. From the moment we walked into the building together, our professional lives took over. It's not that we wanted to hide our relationship, but advertising it to the whole company would not be a good idea. I just told myself that I would soon be able to express my affection for Saya when we left work.

Monday morning is always busy as hell. Our President had a whirlwind of meetings, and Saya had to attend every one of them, taking notes and preparing executive summaries. I barely saw her the whole day. For my part, I had my own set of meetings, and the emails were seriously piling up. To top it all off, one of our periodic crises hit, and I knew I would not be leaving the office on time that evening.

Around four in the afternoon, I managed to run into Saya for a brief moment in a hallway. I glanced around just enough to recognize that we were not alone, and had to contain my urges.

"Hi." Damn, she was pretty.

"Hello."

"How are you?"

"Very busy. You seem very busy, too."

"Of course." My eyebrows knitted as I made my confession. "Look, I don't think I will leave on time for dinner tonight."

Saya looked disappointed but still smiled prettily. "I understand. I will spend more time with my roommate."

"That sounds good. I'll see you tomorrow?"

"Yes, of course."

I wanted to enfold her in a hug and taste her lips. But I refocused onto the job at hand and strode away to get together with my employees. I still had a long day ahead of me.

***

Tuesday and Wednesday were more of the same. We ran ragged doing our jobs and giving no more attention to each other than any other coworker. I spent more time with Bradley and paperwork than with anything. And as the hours piled up and drifted away, my memory of Saya started to slip as well. The flame of our relationship that burned so brightly over the weekend was slowly dying down the longer we spent apart.

I couldn't quite remember the scent of her hair, or the precise way that she tasted. Then I realized how little I knew about her. What was her favorite color? Her favorite food? Did she know my favorite color?

Did Saya miss me as much as I was missing her? I wanted to know where she was, who she was with, what she was doing. Not out of jealousy, mind you. But the only way I knew how to do a relationship anymore was a married-type of relationship. The kind where you sleep in the same bed as your wife every night. Now that I had her, I felt so alone without Saya.

Did I even have her? We'd never discussed our relationship status. And at least outwardly, Saya seemed perfectly comfortable despite not spending much time with me. Maybe she didn't even consider me a boyfriend yet. I was consumed by my own paranoia.

By Wednesday night I couldn't bear to be apart from her any longer. Lonely at home, I called and begged, and Saya came over to my condo. My intention was just to be with her, hold her in my arms, and spend some quality time talking to her. But when she came through the door, we'd barely exchanged pleasantries before lust took over and then we were kissing and groping and stripping. There was minimal foreplay, and then suddenly she was bent forwards over the couch and then we were humping like two crazed maniacs. I blew my load into her gushing pussy, a huge torrent as if to wash away all the built up stress of the past few days. Then the two of us literally collapsed to the floor in a sweaty pile of flesh.

She was only in my condo for about a half an hour before we collected ourselves, and she went home.

***

On Thursday I felt the same: overworked, tired, and missing Saya terribly. I left work at eight in the evening, stressed out. I called Saya to tell her I was going home, and she surprised me by meeting me at my front door.

She was already kissing me before I got my key out, and then once inside she stepped back to take in my disheveled appearance. "You look terrible."

"Thank you," I answered sarcastically.

Her faced screwed up, not yet understanding. Then I remembered that sarcasm is sometimes hard to understand for a non-native English speaker. I sighed, my head hurt.

"I was joking," I quickly told her.

Satisfied with my answer, she nodded and then moved in to start unbuttoning my shirt. This time, she had a cool detachment as she undressed me: efficient, not seductive. Coupled with my exhaustion from the week, I wasn't even hard when she got me naked. However, when in a few short moments, Saya became equally naked; no amount of tiredness was going to stop my arousal.

She grinned when she saw me start to rise, but then she was simply pushing me into the bathroom and then turned on the shower. I let my eyes roam over her petite body, smooth lines interrupted only by her perfect breasts and tight ass. Her nipples were already hard from the cool air.

Once satisfied with the temperature, Saya directed me into the spray and then followed in after me. For a few minutes, we just basked in the warmth of the shower spray, holding each other closely and letting the water dribble down between our chests pressed together.

We kissed tenderly, and I felt my reviving erection pressing against her stomach. But then Saya took to cleaning me. She shampooed my hair and massaged my balls, smiling all the while. She rubbed soap over every bit of my body, and I mean every part of me. In the end I was squeaky clean and also very turned on.

Then with a gentle grace, Saya pushed me down to sit on the bench built into the shower, the cold surface momentarily biting into my ass. But then she was kneeling before me, the shower spray hitting her back as she descended her lips downwards and sucked my member into her mouth.

Saya's blowjob was exquisite. Slow, deliberate, and indescribably pleasurable. She played me like a finely tuned instrument, a harmonious melody that sent shivers down my spine and absolutely melted the tension in my muscles. At last, with her soft fingers rubbing at my testicles and her softer lips suckling on the head of my cock, she brought me to a tremendous climax, splattering wad after wad across her face until she was drenched, and not from water. Finally, she slipped me back into her mouth to suction out the last of my sperm.

Fully drained, I fell against the shower wall, not caring about the new coldness icing across my back. A satisfied smirk spread across Saya's face, and then she stood up to clean herself up.

I watched her rinse off, then soap up her entire naked body, rubbing her palms against her heaving bosom. Her hair, filled with bubbly shampoo, hung straight back against her scalp to fall back in a curtain of silky black. And when her hands descended between her legs to clean and caress, I found my pecker once again rising to the occasion.

Once she got cleaned up, we toweled off and then I literally carried her to my bed and dove down to return the oral favor. I brought her to two climaxes before climbing on top of her body and slowly making love to my angel. With a fresh orgasm from Saya and a final set of spurts into her love channel, we were finally done for the evening.

Still, the spontaneous rendezvous meant that she was not prepared to spend the night. And so with a heavy heart, Saya left me again that evening to be ready for work, and the real world, the next day.

***

A part of me felt rather guilty that our relationship seemed to be constant sex, without the quality time necessary for romance and falling in love. Where were the deep, meaningful conversations of getting to know you? Was I wrong for wanting a relationship and not a date?

That day at work, I forced myself to make real quality time for her. Of all the days I should be able to go home on time, Friday was it. So we made a Friday night date: to the supermarket. Saya's roommate was going out for the evening, so she planned a quiet dinner for just the two of us at her place.

It was the same market from our first real conversation, and we tooled around with our shopping carts, chatting and laughing the whole while. I made it a point to learn everything I could about her, driven by a desire to know her completely. I was so eager I belatedly realized I was talking too much: asking too many questions and really starting to drag on her. We paid for the groceries and then we headed for Saya's apartment. This was her opportunity to cook for me and spend some time at her place.

Once there, Saya ordered me into the living room and refused to let me near the kitchen, despite my intentions to help out. "You are not my husband. So get out of here and watch basketball or something."

So I fidgeted on the couch, watching the TV (I missed my plasma) and nervously glanced into the kitchen every now and again where Saya was smoothly cooking up something that smelled delicious. This all felt very strange, but if Saya wanted it, I could handle it.

When halftime hit I sneaked into the kitchen while Saya's back was turned, but not to help out. I snaked my hands around her waist and then with a shriek she turned and giggled while I wrapped her up in a hug and planted a big kiss right on her lips.

She stopped struggling and just kissed me back. But when she pulled away, she slapped my butt and gave me a healthy shove back into the living room. Still, I'd seen enough to recognize the rice cooker steaming, miso soup simmering, and a sizzling fish that she'd picked out from the market.

Presently, she began to bring dishes over to the dining table, but held up a hand to keep my butt firmly planted into the couch. Only once she was done did Saya let me join her at the table.

I decided to practice an American custom and helped her into her chair and pushed her into place before taking my own seat.

"Itadakimasu."

"Dozo," she gestured, and I began to take the food.

The dinner itself was delicious. It was very hard in the modern day to find a woman who could cook. My ex-wife had been a career-oriented woman and the dinners she made for me primarily consisted of microwaveables. Saya's wonderfully home cooked meal was a delight.

We chatted happily, but I was starving and this was the first real meal I'd had since my last date in about a week. So I wound up spending most of the evening with my face stuffed. But with the candles lit, and my charm turned all the way up, we were having a very pleasant and mildly romantic evening.

After dinner, we retired to the couch to get into a heavy make out session. My hands were quickly on her breasts, and Saya was moaning into my ear. When I started to remove some of her clothing, Saya shook her head and then pulled me way from the couch.

"Perhaps my roommate will come home."

I nodded in agreement, momentarily deflated. But then she was pulling me back towards her bedroom. I realized then that we'd never had a sex act in Saya's apartment before.

Once inside, she turned on the desk lamp and closed the door; and then we were frenching like horny teenagers on her bed. She let me remove her top, and then I was suckling on her tits and rubbing her ass even as her hands found their way to my crotch.

I moved to take her skirt off, and then suddenly Saya's eyes flew open and she was pushing me away from her in a panic.

Bewildered, I sat back and asked, "What's wrong?"

"Gomen nasai," she responded hurriedly. "I am sorry. But, we cannot tonight."

"Oh." I was momentarily dejected. I had expected to get laid tonight. But I could live without. "That's okay. Are you feeling alright?"

Saya's eyes dropped down. "I am fine." Her body language said the exact opposite.

"Then what's wrong?"

Her cheeks colored, embarrassed. "Not sure... English." The more flustered she got, the worse her English became. "Only start afternoon today. I am... unclean. My time of month."

I understood. With a warm smile on my face, I took her into my arms and kissed her on the forehead. "Please do not be embarrassed. There is no shame." Then I tilted her chin up and kissed her with as much passion as I ever had in my life.

She returned the kiss, and soon we found ourselves embracing as if the interruption had never happened. I let my hands drift under her skirt to feel her ass, but never made any motions towards her pussy lest she feel uncomfortable. Soon, my face busied itself with her neckline and firm cleavage.

After several minutes, Saya moved to slip my pants off. Her face was slightly shadowed in the lamp light, a seductive purr in her voice as she bared my erection to the open air. Lightly, she kissed the head and then lowered down to begin one of her fantastic blowjobs. Even if we weren't able to fully make love, she could still very much please me.

This time, she kept things simple and to the point. There was no teasing, only a rapid stroking designed to make me come quickly. I did just that, only lasting a few minutes before releasing all my tension, and a healthy load, directly down her throat. She sucked down every drop, pausing only to show me the pool of my jizz she had collected before swallowing in one gulp.

With a teasing giggle, she kissed me. And then we cuddled on the bed, resting for a few minutes. We got up then, Saya disappearing into the bathroom to take a separate shower while I returned to the couch and started channel surfing for a romantic comedy or something. After she was done and came out in a demure pajama set, I went in to clean the day's grime away as well.

When I came out, bare-chested and comfortable in some lounge pants, we cuddled together on the couch, Saya snuggling into the crook of my arm and entangling her legs with mine. She gave me a few short pecks before briefly zoning out in front of the television, lost in random thought. I picked up the remote and started looking again for a pleasant movie to pass our evening.

Once done with her momentary thinking, Saya turned to me and asked a very relevant question. "Do you think of me as your girlfriend?"

I turned off the TV and focused my attention on her. "Yes," I responded honestly. "Maybe even more someday." I smiled at the happy thoughts of a future.

"I do also think of you as my boyfriend."

I was very happy that we'd gotten that out of the way, and I looked forward to referring to her as my girlfriend in public. But before I could say anything else, Saya apologized once again. "I am sorry that I will not be able to make love to you for the next several days."

"Oh, that's quite alright."

"I would be happy to give you blowjobs every day." Her tone was very matter-of- fact.

I laughed at that. I appreciated the sentiment, however weird it sounded for her to come out and say that. "Thank you, Saya. But you don't have to."

"Yes, I do. I want to. You see, I understand that a man has his needs. And if we are in the relationship, it is my duty to fulfill those needs."

"Saya, in America, we don't do things only out of duty. We do those things because we WANT to. I don't want you giving me a blowjob just because you feel obligated."

"What I know is that I want to make you happy. And I feel ashamed that right now I cannot do that as well as you may desire." She was quite sincere in her sentiment. I was starting to wonder how very wide the cultural gap was between us.

"I'll manage for the next week or so. And you don't HAVE to give me a blowjob every day."

"But I will. Or, if that is not enough, perhaps you could call Lauren, and she could satisfy your sexual intercourse needs."

"WHAT?" I was shocked at what she'd just suggested.

"Lauren. I understand that you had a sexual relationship in the past? And that you are still on good terms? Perhaps if she is willing also, you could relieve your sexual tension with her. I want to know you are satisfied."

"Uh, maybe. But how could you stand me being with another woman? Wouldn't that concern you?"

Saya looked at me very intently, "Am I your girlfriend?"

"Yes." I put as much conviction into my voice as I could, hoping she could understand that I was dedicated to her.

"Then I would have no problems. It's just sex. I'm not from America. I don't have your puritan taboos against sex. It is there for pleasure, to be enjoyed, not feared. As long as I am first in your affection, and as long as Lauren does not belong to another man, then there should be no problems. There will be times when I can't completely satisfy you. She, or another woman, could. It is as simple as that."

I mulled that over for a bit. Rather than responding, I hugged Saya to me tightly, and kissed her forehead. After a few minutes, I changed the subject and then we spent the rest of the evening chatting about more mundane subjects.

At least I finally got to know her favorite color.

***

I was peacefully asleep when a loud bang woke me up. Still groggy, I looked at the unfamiliar wall and was seized by the momentary panic of not knowing where I was. Then I noticed Saya's sleeping body spooned against my chest, and remembered that this was her place.

Absently, I let my hand rub down her side, over her hip, and down her leg before lowering my head to the pillow again and rubbing my nose against her back. But then another bang hit, somewhat closer to us.

After a moment of consideration, I realized that the door to the other bedroom must have just shut, and Saya's roommate had returned home. At ease in this knowledge, I checked the clock and then started to go back to sleep. It was just after 2am.

I had almost fallen unconscious when a new sound caught my attention. There was a slight squeaking noise, very faint, but soon followed by a rather more rhythmic squeaking noise. I knew that sound, but could not place it.

A minute later, however, came a new sound that had me fully awake and fully aware of what was going on. A deep moan, definitely female, wafted through the wall, followed shortly by a male grunt. The noises got louder and then I felt all my senses come alive while listening to the sounds of sex drifting into my ears.

My dick was already hard from some very pleasant dreams, but now the erection was filling with sensitive nerves and I was absently grinding my hips forward into Saya's asscheeks before me.

My senses were alive, but my brain wasn't fully operational yet. So I just kept slowly dry-humping Saya while listening to her roommate get thoroughly drilled. Then a repetitive knocking started up as the sound of a headboard slapping the wall kicked in.

Saya moved, just slightly but noticeably, and immediately I stopped my motions. I could not see her face to see if she was awake or not, but when her butt scooted backwards to trap my banana-bent cock in the cleft between her cheeks, I started to surmise that she was listening as well.

I found myself rock hard, and started in on a slow shifting motion to get extra friction on myself, still moving on instinct more than intent, my rod still trapped in my shorts and on the wrong side of her pajama bottoms. But this problem was soon rectified.

Saya's hand came around, and deftly she reached inside of my shorts to wrap her fingers around my hardness. Leveraging her wrist, she tried to tug my shorts out of the way until I finally caught on and lowered my shorts down to my knees, giving her free access.

She pumped me only a few times, then moved to drag her own pajamas out of the way, and lowered only the back half of her panties just below her crotch to reveal her asscheeks completely naked to my hips. Reaching behind my own naked ass, she pulled me to her until my cock was sandwiched between her ass cheeks, and then she was clenching and unclenching while I dry fucked between her butt- cleavage.
