 Jenny and John's tranquil life together was almost destroyed and then radically transformed by teenaged Nicole's summer long visit. John and then Jenny were both seduced by Nicole, and to all of their surprise hitherto sexually repressed Jenny discovered in herself a deep and powerful bisexual lust. The three became lovers and Jenny and John embraced with a passion their re-born sexual selves. Nicole has now returned to England to start at university. 

John continues the story...

The house and our bed felt empty now that Nicole has gone. Jenny and I were still enjoying fantastic sex but we missed our three-way couplings with Nicole. We wanted to find new erotic adventures to keep the fire, which Nicole had kindled, burning brightly.

Our naturist habit had become so normal to us that now we went without clothes most of the time, and our friends seemed to have got used to coming round and finding us naked. One couple even stripped off and joined us sunbathing in the autumn sun, however, when, very subtly, we suggested, after a few drinks that perhaps we might take things further; they very politely declined. He might have been up for it; well, judging the way his cock was standing up at half-mast and seemed to be saying yes please, she, however, very definitely was not. Luckily they were not offended, and continued to come over to sunbath and swim with us; the question of sex was never raised with them by us again. Not all of our friends were so easy going, some of them stopped dropping round on the off chance; they would phone first to make sure we would be "decent" before they arrived. It became a bit of a joke with us, which ever of us answered the phone to them would ask the other loudly, so the caller could hear, "Are we decent if Jim and Mary (or whoever) come round." If we were feeling really naughty the answer to that question might be preceded by a loud, pseudo-orgasmic moan. Yes, the eroto-naturist life seemed to suit us, we were both leaner and fitter, no doubt helped by all that sexual exercise, than we had been at the beginning of the summer, and our deep, all-over suntans looked good on us. 

We needed to look for our new adventure somewhere else. I knew of a few saunas in the city where swingers met, I had found them a year or so ago. But now I had to admit to Jenny where I had been on those occasions when I had told her wanted to get away for an evening on my own, it was to those places that I had gone. The "old" Jenny would have been very disapproving, might have even banished me to the spare room for a few nights as punishment. Now, "new" Jenny was excited with anticipation.

I selected the sauna that I thought was the best, the best facilities, the friendliest atmosphere. We decide to go on a Saturday "Couples Night" not a session to which I would have previously been admitted as a "single". We paid our entrance fee, went in and got undressed, then with me wrapped in a towel, Jenny in the sarong which I had bought her for the occasion went for a look round. I showed her where the Jacuzzi, the Steam room, and the Sauna were; the private rooms, the open play area and the glory holes. Jenny giggled when I explained about the glory holes to her and said that if she felt brave enough later she might go and suck some stranger's cock or lick some stranger's pussy. At the end of our little tour we ended up in the bar with its dance floor. It was still early so there were only two or three other couples in there, the rest of the place had been deserted. Jenny was feeling a little nervous and shy, so we sat on our own or a while and after a couple of drinks she had started to relax and enjoy the atmosphere. Other couples were coming in, being greeted by the barman and their friends. Groups formed, drank, chatted and laughed together for a while then drifted off towards the Jacuzzi. 

I leaned closer to Jenny gave her a little kiss and quietly said, "Ready love?" She nodded, so I took her hand and led her in the same direction the others had gone. It was very dimly lit in the Jacuzzi room, as our eyes got accustomed to the gloom we could see there were already half a dozen or so couples in the water. We hung our towels and Jenny's sarong on the hooks provided, showered, and joined the others in the swirling water. The pool it's self was huge it could comfortably accommodate twenty or thirty people. Some of those around us were just sitting, enjoying the warm water and bubbles; others, couples or groups were beginning to play. We sat for a while, my arm around Jenny's shoulders, my hand hanging down light lightly stroking her nipple. Jenny's arms were at her sides, her hands resting on her thighs. The couple sitting closest to us started to kiss. As their kissing became more passionate, and their state of arousal obvious Jenny pulled my face to hers, we kissed, her kisses were strong and passionate. All around us just above the noise of the water, we could hear little moans of pleasure. Jenny's hand wrapped around my cock, which was already quite hard, she squeezed it and massaged it lovingly. These where not the rough, urgent tuggings of "old" Jenny, she had learned to tease my cock, building me up, then letting me down again slowly. Taking me almost to the edge, but not quite, still highly aroused, however, she was confident that there would be enough life in me for a good sucking or fucking before I would cum. The control techniques that I had learnt, coached and encouraged by Nicole, over the past months helped enormously with these extended arousal games as well. Our play mimicked the others around us, women sitting on men's laps, she, grinding her buttocks against his hard cock while his fingers played with her nipples or pussy. We followed the example given to us by those around us. 

Jenny noticed that people were leaving the water and moving off to the steam room. "Come on John" she said taking my hand, leading me out of the pool, following the others. It was almost pitch black in there, just a little light by the door, we had to feel our way in, people moved aside to let us sit, squeezed in, their naked thighs touching ours on either side. The atmosphere was not only full of steam, but of erotic excitement and the sound of moans and the quiet slurping of mouths and tongues on flesh as well. We could vaguely make out the shapes of bodies crouching on the floor, heads moving in laps. Very soon Jenny was crouched between my spread thighs practicing her newly honed oral skills on my grateful cock; unknown hands brushed over our bodies, sometimes just touching, sometimes caressing. Our hands strayed to stranger's bodies', just a gentle touch or a push would tell us if they were somewhere where they were not welcome. I felt a different touch, firmer, and a quiet whisper, Jenny's mouth left my cock. A pause. A new mouth enveloped me, soft hands massaging my tense balls, a feminine body rocking between my thighs, other hands caressing my torso. Jenny's lips touched mine, her tongue pushing into my mouth kissing me urgently, her hands gripping my shoulders. I braced to try and hold back my orgasm, but the pure erotic sensuality of the moment overwhelmed my will power, too soon I felt the hot rush of orgasm and ejaculation as my cum filled that unknown mouth. The sucking continued, milking every drop that could be squeezed out of me. My mind flew back to that first delicious sucking Nicole had given me in the shower those months ago. With my cock in its post-orgasmic hypersensitive state, those ministrations began to hurt, I flinched, I gave the head at my groin a gentle push, and it was quickly removed from me. Jenny's mouth left mine and the other hands were taken from my skin. Lips brushed across mine and a woman's voice whispered "Merci chéri, délicieux." Jenny gave my hand a little tug, I stood slightly shakily, and again we felt our way, many hands touching, stoking us as we passed out of that dark, steam filled room. We showered again then returned to the bar.

Over a drink Jenny quietly explained what had happened. She had felt a soft hand pull at a shoulder and a woman's voice whispered in her ear "S'il tu plat chéri?" When she released my cock men's hands lifted her up, other hands spread her legs and she felt a woman's body slide between them, her legs being held apart by the other woman's hips. Her hands were guided onto the wall either side of my head. She was pushed gently but insistently to bend over, she understood what they wanted of her so she had moved until our lips met, but her hands slipped on the tiled wall so she held my shoulders to steady herself. Several hands roamed freely over her body teasing her nipples and her pussy. Fingers were pushed into her pussy from behind; she relaxed and welcomed them in. Soft lips kissed her pubic mound then a tongue lapped at her clitoris. With a big smile she told, "I only had a little orgasm, but, mmm it was lovely" 

Another couple who had been looking at us from by the bar came over to our table greeted us, and asked if the could join us, "Oui, Bien sur" Jenny replied, gesturing to the empty seats. They introduced themselves as Angeline and Thomas, conversation soon blossomed, difficult at first with our still limited French; but Angeline spoke a little English, which helped a lot. Thomas waved to another couple to come over and join us who he introduced as Anna and Marcel. It wasn't long before the six of us were engaged in lively conversation in a bizarre mixture of English and French. Dance music was playing and coloured lights were sweeping across the dance floor. Some one suggested we should dance. By now the bar and the dance floor area had become a clothing optional space, so we abandoned our still damp coverings and danced naked, first with our own partners, then swapping with the others in our group. The music became slow and smoochy; each of us pulled the partner we happened to be with at that time into a close, slow, sensual dance, soon we were all kissing and caressing, becoming very aroused. The music changed again to another up-tempo number so we all returned to our table. We three men sitting spread legged proudly displaying our erections for all to see.

Our conversation resumed, not general subjects now, but focusing on our sexual likes and dislikes, with many gestures to explain words or phrases that Jenny or I didn't understand. Who of us was strictly heterosexual, who bisexual or bi-curious. As it turned out I was the only "hetro" in the group, Jenny having discovered her bi-sexuality earlier that year, but bi-curiosity had been awoken in me and grew as the conversation progressed. There was a lot of touching and caressing now as we chatted, both of our own partners and other group members. I found more and more that my eyes were being drawn to the other guy's cocks, each of us occasionally touching, or stroking ourselves, maintaining our erections. The ladies, their pussies looked moist, and their nipples erect. We were now discussing a possible group scene between the six of us, what were the go and no-go areas, how far we might push our comfort zones in the pursuit of mutual pleasure. At last there was an exchange of nods around the table. Marcel rose and declared "Allons-y", we all grabbed our towels, and trooped towards the Jacuzzi room, for, Jenny and my second, but our first planned, group encounter that evening.

We settled into a corner of the Jacuzzi, picking up our conversation where we had left it in the bar. There was to be no start signal for the games to being, it was agreed that any of us could start, join in or back off, just as we felt. As we chatted the touches and caresses resumed. Some other couples left the Jacuzzi and by unspoken agreement we moved more towards the middle of the long side of the pool. There was an underwater wall or bench that divided the pool, by moving along we could rearrange ourselves, sitting three and three facing each other. By chance, perhaps, we found ourselves arranged as if for a dinner party, partners facing; Jenny sitting between Marcel and Thomas, I between Anna and Angeline. We chatted some more, the ladies hands touched my thighs gently stroking, sometimes one or other of them moving higher touching my cock, but not lingering there. My arms went around the ladies either side of me, each hand cupping one of their breasts; Angeline's small firm and rounded, Anna's heavier, looser softer to the touch. Quite naturally we fell into two threesome groups, we changed positions, rearranging ourselves, but for the moment staying with these sets of three. The touching, the caresses became more intimate, stronger. I found my self turned, embracing, kissing Angeline, Anna behind me her arms around my waist, one of her hands on my cock squeezing, stroking, her other massaging my balls, her large breasts pressed against my back. Then turned again the scenario repeated but the ladies roles reversed. Glancing over to Jenny and the men I could see that their movements similar to ours. The group became more fluid, subgroups splitting, reforming in different combinations, three and three, four and two, all six of us together... 

Thomas pulled him self up onto the edge of the pool, sat there legs wide apart his erection standing proudly in front of him. Anna moved to him taking his cock deep in her mouth, sucking him slowly, sensuously, Her bottom was lifted out of the water, her legs slightly spread and her pussy presented. Marcel made a gesture to me indicating that Anna's pussy was mine if I wanted it. I was moving into position to take advantage of this offer when he glanced down, pointed to my cock and wagged his finger at me. Only then did I notice that both he and Thomas where already wearing condoms. I reached down to the pouch strapped to my ankle that I had been given when we first entered the club, pulled out a condom and rolled it onto my cock. Marcel nodded, smiling approval and indicated that I could now carry on. I took hold of Anna by her waist; her hand came back between her legs and guided my cock into her. I took my pace and rhythm from her slow sucking of Thomas' cock, with long slow strokes I fucked her pussy. On each stroke she would clench her muscles tightening her pussy as I pushed into her, then holding me for a moment in a tight grip before releasing and allowing me to pull back again. This way, her sucking, and my fucking became perfectly synchronized. Angeline was also sitting on the side, her legs spread and Jenny's head between them. Jenny was presenting her pussy just as Anna had done. Marcel standing beside Jenny, looking at me, his expression, one seeking approval, I nodded and smiled at him, and then he moved into position to fuck my wife as I was fucking his. I saw that Jenny was pushing back to meet thrusts, so I was happy that this arrangement met with her approval too.

After a while Thomas tensed and tapped Anna on the shoulder, in the manner of the stop signal that we had all agreed. Immediately she released his cock from her mouth, grasping it with her hand at the base and squeezing tightly until he relaxed. At the same time she reached back with her free hand and gave me a little push on the leg, indicating that it was also time for me to withdraw. Thomas then looked over at Angeline, turning is glance quickly towards the steam room and then back to her, she nodded then that group also broke up. I leant over and gave Anna a light kiss on the rump to say thank you, she turned her head, smiled at me then ran her tongue over her lips. We both stood my hand stroking Anna's back as she rose. She embraced me; we kissed briefly her hand giving my cock a friendly squeeze. By now Thomas had climbed out of the pool and was heading for the steam room, the rest of us followed him.

In the near total darkness and sticky heat of the steam room the temperature of our erotic games also rose. At first we cuddled together as a group, hands moving freely between us. Both male and female hands touched and caressed me, as my hands wandered I found I quite liked the feel of the other men's cocks when I touched or stroked them briefly. In a little while when the room was filled with the sounds of our moans and heavy breathing, I was directed to sit in the darkest corner of the room. Anna stood in front of me, then her hands stroked down my torso as she bent almost double until her mouth engulfed my aching flesh. The others grouped around us, Thomas now behind Anna fucking her, at first slowly then with increasing speed and vigour. Anna's sucking was slow and sensuous, enough to keep me on the boil, but carefully judged so not quite enough to make me cum. She released my cock when the force of Thomas' thrusts started to cause her head to bang repeatedly into my stomach. Her moans grew louder and higher in pitch until she cried out with a full throated yell. Thomas increased is pace further until he too, grunting and growling like a bear, orgasmed. Places were changed, now Jenny was bent double her head in Thomas' lap, Marcel servicing her until they too were spent. At last it was my turn, and Angeline's pussy offered for my fulfilment. Her pussy was tighter than I had found Anna's to be, and when her muscles contracted to grip my cock it almost hurt. We fucked wildly and passionately, she pushing back to meet my every thrust, eventually she too cried out her body convulsing and quivering as I held her hips firmly in my hands. Her cries more muted than Anna's, less throaty than my wife's but leaving me in no doubt that she too was satisfied. The fire of a long held back orgasm now filled my loins, my turn to make the grunts and groans of pain and pleasure that signified my sweet release. A long and satisfying orgasm but slightly marred by mild discomfort as my semen filled the condom I was wearing. 


All spent and satisfied we left the steam room, showered and moved on to our next destination. 

Anna now led the way, selecting one of the private rooms where we sprawled on the large upholstered bench that almost filled the room. You could not call the thing on which we were laying a bed, this was a room designed purely for sexual fun and post-coital relaxation, certainly not for sleeping. Three of the walls and the ceiling bore large mirrors; almost every way I looked I saw reflections of my five companions and myself. 

As we lay on cushions relaxing and recovering we chatted again. Both Jenny and I expressed disappointment at the need to use condoms. Angeline explained that between the four of them, who knew each other well and often played together they didn't bother, but, the men "always dressed properly", as she put it, when they were with others less well known to them. Both men had had vasectomies as had I, so perhaps in time they might relax their rule with us as well.

I told the story of our earlier encounter with the mystery woman in the steam room. There was general laughter and I was told that, that was Danielle, she liked to live dangerously, but she would only play that game on couples nights as she felt that attached men were safer than singles might be. She had her group of followers who would always aid her in her pursuit of fun. Her favourite haunt was the glory holes where she would give generously of the service of her hands on mixed nights. She always arrived unaccompanied as single ladies were admitted to couples nights whereas single men were barred. 

As we chatted, as before soft touches and cresses were exchanged among the group. Our arousal soon revived and new sub-groups evolved. A welter of moans squeaks and giggles arose as the ladies now hungrily enjoyed each others bodies; we men lounged enjoying the show, stoking our own, and now frequently each others cocks. I made no objection when Marcel quietly slipped my cock into his mouth. When Thomas offered his cock for me to suck, I thought "why not?" and did for Thomas what Marcel was doing for me. I had never taken notice of other men's cocks before, now I saw the subtle differences between us. Thomas' was larger fatter than mine. Marcel's long but thin. I am circumcised where the other two were not. Thomas' foreskin withdrew completely when he was erect, but Marcel's glans remained half covered until he pulled his foreskin back. I now became fascinated with the feel and the taste of these two men as we each took turns to suck each other's cocks, our moans of pleasure mingling with those of our ladies. We men had not bothered with condoms thus far, trusting each other now not to cum with out warning.
