 So I get a call from the agency. That’s pretty unusual, usually they just send a card and a taxi. It’s been the same kind of stuff for a few weeks now, rich guys wanting to get their kinky rocks off with no strings attached. By this stage I’d moved into Bear’s spare room, although I’d not been home much, so the hotel bills had gone down. All in all I’m doing very well out of it, and putting most of it away. And the agency calls and asked if I want to do a film.

At first I was a little scared. I had always been nervous of someone from back home recognizing me, lord knows why. It was a double life, and I wanted it to stay that way. I didn’t want to offend the agency by turning it down either, so I was in a quandary. I voiced my fears, and they explained I didn’t need to worry. ‘It’s to be made in Germany. No-one at home will see it. It’ll be far too kinky to get any publicity back here’.

‘How kinky?’, I asked, worried now for different reasons.

‘Nothing you can’t handle I’m sure. They’ll go over everything there. You can go and see them on us. Decide when you’re there. If you can’t handle it you can come back home, and we’ll keep you on at the same stuff as now. We just thought maybe you were ready for a little more’.

I considered. I was getting a little bored with “the same stuff as now”. A thought occurred to me.

‘How much?’, I asked. He told me. I casually said I’d check it out, visions of my nice new car in my head.

Still, what if someone did recognise me? Walking dejectedly around the apartment later I kept picturing the horror on my mother’s face. I threw on a T-shirt and sat down in front of the TV for the first time in months. I flicked through the channels listlessly. I hadn’t been missing much.

There was a rattle at the door and Bear came in with a couple of other guys. Despite sharing a flat with Bear I hadn’t seen much of him, as he was usually out working as a bouncer in the bar, or escorting girls for the agency. I recognised one of them, a guy called Stephan who worked at the bar downstairs. ‘Oh, Hi Chris’, said Bear. ‘Er, were you watching TV? We were going to watch a video.’

‘No, not really. You go ahead. Do you mind if I sit in, or is this a guy thing?’

‘I certainly don’t mind. Either of you guys mind if Chris sits in with us?’, Bear asked.

They exchanged looks. ‘Ermm…’, said the one I didn’t know.

Bear laughed at his discomfort. ‘The video’s a little raunchy’, he said, ‘I think Tom’s a little worried you might be offended, young innocent thing that you are’. 

I laughed too, and the two smiled, embarrassed and puzzled at the private joke. I said ‘I think I’ll cope. In fact tonight it’s just what I need to see. Provided you won’t be too embarrassed in front of me?’

They denied any embarrassment effusively, and Bear went off to get a few beers. I moved up on the sofa to give space. ‘Come, sit’, I said. I looked down at myself. ‘Oops. Sorry, I shoulda dressed more for company, shouldn’t I?’ I was just wearing a pair of black knickers and my t-shirt. The shirt was too large for me, and so covered up my knickers provided I sat fairly demurely, but it still wasn’t exactly being dressed for guests. 

Stephan smiled, though and said jokingly ‘Hey, don’t dress up for us.’ The other guy (Tom, was it?) laughed nervously. 

Feeling mischievous I said seriously ‘You sure you don’t mind?’

‘Erm, well, no. Er well, it’s your place, isn’t it?’. They sat down precariously at the other end of the sofa, giving me plenty of space. The flat only had this sofa to sit on, other than the chairs for the table.

‘Yeah. Yeah, I guess it is’, I replied. 

Tom cleared his throat. ‘Are you and Bear, er…’, he said. 

‘No. Well… Not really. Not for a while, anyway.’, I said. Their obvious curiosity was amusing me no end, this was far better than the TV.

‘Oh’, said Tom. The conversation hung in the air for a while after that, while I grinned at their faces. After a while Bear returned with a case of beer and threw one to each of the guys. ‘I brought you a glass’, he said, ‘Do you want it?’

‘Nah,’ I said, ‘out of the bottle will be fine.’ He popped the lid and handed it to me. I was enjoying behaving a little slutty. I have to spend so much time pretending to be demure, it made a nice change to be true to myself. 

Bear stood in front of the sofa. ‘Someone will have to sit on the floor’, he said.

‘That’s okay’, I said. ‘I’ll sit on someone’s lap’. Two pairs of eyes swiveled in my direction, and it was all I could do to keep from laughing out loud. I looked at Bear, and could see he was barely holding it in as well. I stood up, and Bear sat down in my spot. I a hand on my hip. ‘Well come on, I can’t take a seat until we’ve been properly introduced’.

‘Oh, sorry’, said Bear. ‘Chris, this is my mate Stephan, who is twenty-two years old today, and had nothing better to do than go in to work. We told him not to be so daft, and brought him up here with the promise of an extremely dirty video, which he is far too sweet and innocent to have ever seen anything like in his life.’

I bowed slightly mock-sincerely to Stephan, who beamed back at me. Stephan looked slightly younger than his age, and was tall and gangly, with an unkempt goatee.

Bear went on, ‘And this is my little brother Tom, down from university for the weekend, who has seen far more pornography than is good for him, but very little that doesn’t have a staple through it’. Ah, that explained why I felt I recognised Tom. He had his brother’s same rich chocolate skin and features, but without Bear’s muscles.

‘And this, gentlemen, is my flatmate, Christine, the most innocent looking complete slut you are ever likely to be lucky enough to meet in your life’. I could see Tom’s brow furrow as he prepared to leap to my defence, and I had to cut in.

‘Why thank you, kind sir’, I said, and curtsied, using the hem of the t-shirt and flashing my knickers. I giggled and settled myself onto Stephan’s lap, before leaning back, giving him a peck on the cheek and breathing ‘Happy birthday’ in his ear. He blushed, which I thought was terribly sweet.

Bear got up and put on the video. Where I was Stephan wasn’t going to be able to see much, so lay down across the sofa of them. The two newcomers didn’t know what to do with their hands, and held them uncertainly in the air, so I grabbed Stephan’s free hand and placed it on my thigh. ‘It’s okay’, I said, ‘I’m not china’. Tom slowly followed suit, resting his hands on my legs. 

Bear came back and lifted me a little to get into his seat. Now I was laid across the three of them, my head resting on the arm, my ass in Stephan’s lap, and Tom with his arms folded across my legs. Quite comfortable, I settled down to watch the video.

It was pretty much what I had been expecting. Terrible acting, poor excuse for a plot, took simply ages for anyone to get their cock out. There were lots of shots of naked breasts bouncing up and down, which did make me uncomfortable as I am never that confident about the size of my own breasts. I was a little bored, to tell the truth, and despite not being much of a beer drinker I was getting through mine fairly fast.

I only really started to get interested when I became aware that the guys were beginning to get aroused. Tom was absent-mindedly stroking my legs, and Stephan was doing the same ever so slightly with the tip of one finger at the hem of my knickers, as if to try and not be noticed. Bear was slowly coming to life underneath my arm; he kept shifting himself to try and get comfortable as his huge member uncoiled itself in his pants.

The girl on-screen was now naked, and the camera zoomed in to take a close-up of between her legs. That was more like it. Bear’s cock twitched beneath me. Stephan licked his lips, and took another swig of beer, not taking his eyes off the screen. Now the girl on screen was being fondled, a hand moving aside her pink cunt lips, and fingering her opening slowly. Even through his jeans I could feel the pulsing of Bear’s cock. 

I put down the empty bottle on the floor and wriggled down the sofa. Now my cheek was resting against it. It also meant that my t-shirt was pushed up just under my breasts. Stephan slowly moved his hand to rest on them casually, and Tom’s were now resting on my knickers. I stayed that way, quietly, not moving a muscle, for a while until I was sure they were still watching the video. The guy on-screen had his dick out, and the girl began to suck it noisily.

I could do much better. I moved my head back onto Bear’s stomach and slowly, link by link, pulled down his fly. Then I quietly reached in my hand and pulled out his cock, finally coming out with a jerk and slapping me on the cheek as it came back down. Bear made not a sound. 

His cock was even bigger than I remembered it. The salty smell and the sheer scale of it just drove me wild. I can’t even begin to think how I got it up my ass last time. There was no way I could deep throat him, but I opened my mouth wide and just got the head of it in my mouth. I shut my eyes and sucked gently, like I had a giant pacifier. I put my hand down Bear’s fly and cupped his soft testicles. He brought his free hand down and placed his hand on the shaft and began to stroke it gently up and down. Hmm, lovely. I tasted a little pre-cum in my mouth, and squirmed with excitement.

Stephan (I presume) was now openly stroking my breasts, and I felt a hand go down my knickers and attempt entry to my wet snatch. I opened my legs a little to allow access. Fingers went in and began to massage my clit. Oh, god, but that was good.

Suddenly the sound from the video stopped. I opened my eyes, and reluctantly removed Bear’s cock from my mouth. I looked around. Everyone was looking at me. ‘So I’m guessing you want to take a break from the film?’, said Bear.

I nodded. ‘Please?’. Bear smiled broadly. ‘Guys, you want to come play in my room?’. They nodded dumbly.

Tom said ‘All of us?’

‘If you like,’ I said, climbing off them and standing up, ‘though Stephan should have first choice of end.’

‘Deal’, he said, eagerly. I stripped off my shirt and knickers, dropped them on the floor and bounded through onto Bear’s big double bed. I waited for what seemed an age, and passed the time by playing with myself, with a couple of fingers of my other hand up my ass. Eventually the guys came in and I sat up again. They were all naked. They hung back from the bed, looking at me.

‘Steph’s a little shy’, said Bear. Stephan stood in the middle of the three hanging his head sheepishly, as though he hadn’t a sexual thought in it. His pulsing member, standing smartly to attention, told a different story.

‘What would you like to do with me, Stephan? What have you never done?’. I racked my brains for a treat. ‘Would you like to stick your cock in my ass, hmm?’

He swallowed thickly. ‘Oh, fuck yes’, he said.

‘Mmm,’ I said, ‘I’d like that. Just need to give you a little lubrication first. Come, sit down here next to me’. He came and sat next to me on the side of the bed, and I pushed my hair back over my shoulder and took him in my mouth and deep in my throat. He moaned with each movement of my lips and tongue, and I soon had to stop before he came too soon. I got down off the bed and climbed onto his lap. I had not offered anal for nothing, his cock was just the right size, long enough but not too wide, and he slid into me just beautifully. This left my pussy gaping wide open to the other two. ‘Come on, then, someone, don’t leave me waiting.’ Tom started forward, but Bear held him back. 

‘Sorry, bro.’, He said. ‘That pussy’s mine.’ He stepped forward and rammed himself into me, making me gasp in a mixture of pain and pleasure. My god, but he was big. He held himself there for a while, his big cock throbbing in my pussy, until eventually that alone made me cum, and I cried out for more.

My cries were soon silenced, however, by Tom. He had climbed onto the bed and stood on the mattress, offering his engorged dick to my lips. He was almost as big as his brother, but not quite, and I just about managed to get some of it down my throat, but not without a great deal of gagging. 

He kept apologizing, which in retrospect was quite funny, and I eventually had to take it out with one hand and tell him not to worry about it unless I turned blue. ‘Just fuck my face and cum down my throat, use me. I like it.’ He paused a moment, not quite daring to believe what he had heard, before plunging his cock into my throat with renewed vigour. That was more like it.

The sight of his little brother fucking my mouth like that must have turned Bear on because he began to fuck my pussy with long, hard strokes, that sometimes hurt a little as they bumped at my cervix. I was just about there for the second time as Stephan came with a sigh, still buried deep in my ass. I love the feeling of cum up there, and my own orgasm was tremendous. 

Everyone changed over. Bear pulled out of me and I climbed off of Stephan, and onto Tom. I’m glad I got onto Tom second, I was just nicely opened up for something bigger. Bear got back into my pussy and his rhythm fairly quickly. By the time he was ready to cum, and climbed up so he could do so into my expectant mouth, Stephan had recovered enough to come fuck me.

We continued that way for a good hour or so, swapping and changing when the need arose, my eager mouth always ready to clean up the results. That’s the beauty of having three guys at once, there’s almost always someone who’s still up for it. 

Eventually we got tired and ordered pizza, which I collected naked and gave the delivery boy a thrill. We played with the pizza a little, and Bear scooped some of my juices (nobody had come up there except me) onto one of his slices. 

I got jealous, and they ended up having a competition to see who could cum on a slice for me. Tom won by a nose, but I ended up with his and Bear’s on there as well. Gorgeous, though I doubt you’d get it as a standard topping. 

As I lay there, tired, sleepy and totally satisfied I realised my fears about the film were groundless. I had known Stephan before tonight, and he knew nothing about my other life. Yet I hadn’t batted an eyelid about letting him inside me. Why the hell would my family be any different? I fell asleep dreaming of movie stardom. Germany, here I cum.