 The event I'm telling you about is the most erotic experience that I'd ever had (until then anyway), an experience that changed my sex life for ever. It was so fantastic that I needed to let someone know, however I felt uneasy telling my friends and colleagues as I have a good job and my family just wouldn't understand. I'm posting it here, but the names have been changed. The events in the story, however, are absolutely true.

It was last spring when Mia, my girlfriend, had been given a couple of tickets to the circus and asked me if I wanted to come along. I hadn't been to a circus since I was a kid, but I was game. Mia and I had been together for six months and we were a serious couple. It was a monogamous relationship, but I wasn't missing out. Mia is smart and amazingly gorgeous, with a beautiful face, black hair, clear blue eyes, and a slim and flexible body. To top it off, she is awesomely good at yoga, and sex with her is fantastic.

The show was on Saturday night. It was a good show, and much more adult-orientated than I expected. There was one performer in the first half who I couldn't take my eyes off. She was a real blonde babe, and she performed on the silks; long silken ropes that she used to wrap herself in, spiralling her fantastic body very high, striking difficult aerial poses and erotically wrapping the silks around her and between her legs. She was wearing next to nothing, and it looked both impressive and as sexy as hell. When I turned to look at Mia I saw that she was watching her closely as well.

After the first half we stepped out for some air. It was a small circus, and the performers were at the counters selling food and knick-knacks. I was ordering drinks from the bar and Mia wandered over to where the babe with the silks was selling some paraphernalia — there were no other customers over there at the time. I could see that Mia and her were having a conversation. I walked over to give Mia her drink, and she introduced me to Cecile, that was her name, and told me that she had invited her to the club the following night. Cecile was French, with long blonde hair, dark brown eyes and full lips. Close up she looked beautiful. Just then a few customers wandered up and she had to serve them.

Mia is a singer, in her final year at university, and looking to land a recording contract. The club she had invited Cecile to was "Notes," one of the coolest clubs in town, where she was scheduled to perform a set. Sunday night was variety night and they featured a few different singers.

There was one more performer in the second half who features later in this story, so I'll describe her here. Her name was Dominique and she was a light-colored Brazilian babe from São Paolo, tall and very leggy. She came came out spinning a hula hoop around her waist, but I was much more taken with her looks than her act. She had light, caramel-colored skin, and incredible legs and ass. Her body was pretty much completely on show as she was wearing just a bra, panties, suspender belt, stockings, and high heels. By the end of the act she was spinning over 20 hoops, jiggling her fantastic ass to do so.

That night I was woken up by Mia. I could see by the moonlight coming through the window that she was still sleeping, but she had wrapped the sheets around herself and had her hand on her pussy. Gently, without waking her up, I placed my hand on top of hers and felt her fingers going inside her. I slowly eased my hand under hers and started to play with her clit. She was soaking wet. She said something in her sleep, then, without waking up, she lifted her arms out of the way and over her head. I inserted first one finger into her soaking cunt, then two, playing with her clit at the same time. As I kept playing with her I could sense that she was getting close to cumming. It was just at that point that she opened her eyes and seemed surprised to see me. She came in a violent orgasm, smiled at me, and wrapped her arms around my neck. When she had regained herself she rolled onto her side and brought one knee almost up to her face (a horizontal version of one of her yoga poses) and I entered her from behind. As I said, sex with Mia was great, but this story is not just about us, so I'll focus on what came next.

The following night we were at "Notes", and Mia was about to go on and perform her set. She had mentioned Cecile quite a few times during the day, wondering if she'd come to the club that night, and she seemed quite disappointed that she hadn't shown up yet. She went up onto the small stage and began her set, accompanying herself on guitar. She was sounding great tonight and the audience were really paying attention, and I was sitting at a small table right next to the stage. While Mia was singing her second number Cecile walked in, and she had Dominique with her. This was now very interesting. I walked over to show them to the table. Dominique was about 5'11", but with her high heels she came up to just below my height. She had green eyes and a generous mouth, with full lips and perfect teeth, and her smile was electric. She was wearing a halter top and a short skirt, showing a lot of her perfect caramel-colored skin, and when she walked her ass jiggled from side to side like a samba dancer. Cecile was of medium height and very lithe. She wearing a T-shirt and tight black pants that showed all the curves of her body. She seemed to move like a cat and she just exuded sex. There were a lot of envious looks from the guys in the club as I walked the girls over to our table. We sat and listened to Mia's set, and Cecile in particular was watching Mia intently.

Then it was Mia's final number, and she sang one of her own songs, a sexy and very suggestive piece called "Deeply" that was just humorous enough to miss out on an 'R' rating. She usually looked at me when she sang it, but tonight she seemed to be looking straight at Cecile, who was returning her gaze just as intently. I felt Dominique's leg touch mine under the table. She looked at me and smiled, not moving her leg away. I was getting very horny.

After the show we were all hungry, and Mia invited the girls over to our apartment where we would whip up something to eat. In the cab I sat in front with the girls sitting in the back, and I couldn't imagine three hotter babes in the one place. The cabbie looked at me jealously.

Back at our apartment, Cecile was looking at some photos on the wall that I had taken of Mia doing yoga. In the photos she's wearing black leggings and a tight pink tank top, looking as hot as hell. Dominique was looking at a newspaper clipping and photo of me that was stuck on the fridge. It was a photo taken by the local newspaper during a basketball game, and in it I'm doing a slam dunk right on the final siren (you can see the scoreboard in the photo) which luckily won the game. It was an exhausting game and you could see the sweat pouring off me. I was kind of proud of that photo and it has stayed on the fridge for the last few months.

Mia and I went into the kitchen to get some spaghetti going, while Cecile and Dominique stood together in the living area, looking over at us and talking quietly to each other. Over dinner and wine we talked a lot about what we all did and liked. Somehow the conversation became more and more suggestive and sexually charged, although nothing explicit was said. The girls' accents were delicious, and they spoke almost perfect English with just a few French and Portugese words thrown in when they couldn't find the right word to say. Cecile was quieter, with a beguiling smile, while Dominique was much more of an extrovert. For most of the dinner Cecile and Mia seemed to keep gazing into each other's eyes, while Dominique seemed to focus her attention more on me, and her leg, her beautiful long leg, kept touching mine under the table.

I was getting worked up, so I took the dishes into the kitchen area. Dominique came in while I was looking for another bottle of wine somewhere in the cupboards above, coming up very close behind me as I was reaching up, and she rested her chin on my shoulder. I could smell her and it was really driving me crazy. As much as I hated to do it, I turned around and told her that I was in a really strong relationship with Mia, and that I didn't want to fuck it up. I was also trying to think of a way that I could meet her later. Dominique said that Mia wouldn't mind. I understood what she meant when I looked back over the counter and saw Mia and Cecile, on the sofa now, kissing.

As I kept looking, their kisses, tentative at first, became more passionate and hungry. Dominique reached around me from the back and started massaging my cock through my jeans. After a little while she unzipped my fly and moved her hand to my cock, which was rock hard now. She then gave me a slow handjob from behind, kissing my neck. I could see Cecile taking off Mia's blouse, then sucking her nipples.

I turned around and we kissed for a while, then she squatted down and started to give me a blowjob. She could really take me in deep - it felt amazing. On the sofa I could see Mia taking off Cecile's T-shirt, then she began to suck her nipples. One good turn deserves another I guess.

Dominique could certainly deep throat, and it felt amazing. I didn't want to cum too early, so after a while I raised her to the counter, took off her panties, and started to lick her pussy. She was already very wet. She leaned back, her arms on the counter, pushing bowls and plates aside. There was a bowl of strawberries beside her. She took one, licked it, and looked as if she was about to eat it. But just before putting it in her mouth she moved her hand down, and, gently pushing my face aside, put the strawberry in her cunt, pushing it in with her fingers. As I lifted my face from her cunt I could see her smiling wickedly at me, teasing me; she was enjoying this. I could also see Cecile taking off Mia's jeans.

Dominique pulled the strawberry out and offered it to me. I ate it, and it tasted wonderfully of her pussy juice. Then it was my turn and I took another strawberry from the bowl and put it in her pussy. I brought it out and held it above her mouth, holding it just out of her reach, teasing her. She took it from me, seductively tilting her head back, closing her eyes, and slowly bringing it to her mouth. I could see the the ripe red fruit glistening with her juices. She put out her tongue to lick it, and as she was about to put it in her mouth I pushed my cock into her pussy. She opened her eyes wide, looking at me now, and said something softly in Portugese.

As Dominique and I were fucking I could see Cecile licking out Mia's pussy, making her writhe and moan; she had obviously found the spot. Dominique, sitting on the counter, opened her legs wide into a perfect splits, knocking over some more stuff on the counter, then stretched one long leg towards the ceiling. I kept pumping into her as she leaned further back, now stretching both legs up and resting them on my shoulders, one of her heels clinking onto the light fitting. I held onto her smooth thighs as I kept fucking her. When she came I couldn't hold myself back any longer and emptied a big load inside her cunt. After resting like that for a while I pulled out and lifted her off the counter. I looked over and saw the girls in a 69 with Cecile on top, eating each other out, Mia's creamy skin contrasting with Cecile's more golden colored skin.

We went into the living area, Dominique going over to the girls while I sat on the second sofa, just watching. I needed some recovery time. As the girls were licking out each other's pussies, Dominique massaged Mia's legs, and then started sucking her toes. I'm not into foot fetishes, but Mia does have very beautiful feet. Dominique kept massaging and licking her way up Mia's legs, and when she got to her pussy, Cecile lifted up her face and gave her a deep kiss. When Dominique started a solo turn licking Mia's pussy, Cecile came over to me. She kissed me and I could taste Mia's pussy juices. She took my cock in her mouth and started blowing me slowly. I was getting hard again now.

When she got me pretty hard she stopped sucking and climbed onto the back of the sofa, placing her pussy above my face. This girl likes heights. I lifted my face to her pussy and inserted my tongue. She was very wet. I started to lick, slowly at first, then I gently bit her clit with my lips. She brought her mouth down close to my ear and told me that she had cleaned herself, and would I like to try? She smiled and brought her hand down and touched her pink asshole. This was new ground for me, part of my fantasies for sure, but so far it had never been a reality. I licked between her pussy and her ass, then put my tongue onto her asshole, and then I pushed it in deeper, inserting it as far as I could. She moaned very deeply, and my cock was raging hard again.

She moved onto my lap, facing me, reached for her handbag which was just close by, and took out a tube. She squeezed out some lube onto her fingers, and while looking into my eyes, inserted one, then two fingers into her ass. Then she squeezed out some more onto her palm and wrapped it around my cock. Still looking me straight in the eyes she slowly lowered her ass onto my cock. It felt incredible.

She moved slowly at first, going up and down at her own pace, and I let her lead. Then she started speeding up, not smiling anymore, looking sexy as hell. She leaned back and I started to play with her clit, which got her worked up even more. I played with her clit and kept my cock in her ass, and she kept pumping up and down, writhing more and more, until finally she came. I was still rock hard inside her.

Dominique and Mia came over and lifted Cecile off me, and then Mia led all of us into the bedroom. She pushed me on my back onto the bed, saying "my turn." She started to suck me, then Dominique came over as well and they took it in turns, taking some breaks while they kissed each other over my cock. Dominique was deep throating me again, and Mia tried to do the same, but she couldn't quite do it as deep.

Mia climbed onto me and lowered her pussy on to my cock, saying "I want you in me." Her cunt was so wet and tight. I saw that Cecile had a dildo which she must have got from her handbag, and she moved it up and down between Dominique's ass cheeks. They say Brazilians have great asses. I can't answer for all of them, but Dominique's heart-shaped ass is the hottest I've seen. Cecile teased her like this for a little while and then I could clearly see as she pushed the dildo right into her asshole. Mia, sitting on my cock, could see it too, and her movements got more intense. I put my finger on her asshole, and she reached back and made me push it further in.

After a while Cecile said something in Mia's ear which I couldn't hear. Mia closed her eyes and nodded and Cecile pulled the dildo out of Dominique and pushed it slowly into Mia's asshole. I could feel it going in and out as I was ramming into her pussy. Dominique kissed Mia, their tongues pushing deep into each other's mouths. Mia started to writhe more and more, and then I felt her cunt contracting as she came. I couldn't hold back any longer and I shot my load inside her.

Epilogue

That's not the complete end of the story, although it was the end of me for that night. We all slept on the bed together, our limbs intertwined and two of the girls sleeping with their heads on my chest. After breakfast, as it was the girls' day off (there were no shows that day) we went for it some more. It was just as good as the previous night, and over the next few weeks while the girls were in town we had some more sessions. One time in particular included another friend of theirs from the troupe: Cindy, a blonde Californian babe with a buff aerobics body who performs stunts on rollerblades, and even more fantastic stunts in bed. Since the circus left town Mia and I are still in a great relationship, but Mia has now fully embraced her bisexual tendencies, and loves anal. We have been seeking others to share sex with, and Mia has discovered that she is good at spotting likely babes and talking them into trying new things. She has also learned how to deep throat. Life is good.

Jake