 How did I end up with two beautiful women living with me and making love with both of them? It wasn't just an idle fantasy; it really happened. I will start at the beginning and tell you the story. I am Alex Martin, by the way. 

I met Jeanne on our first day working for Magnum International. I had just graduated with my Masters in Data Analysis and had been recruited by them. Jeanne had done the same except for earning an MBA. We sat next to each other on the first day of orientation. By noon, we were friends. By the time we left, Jeanne decided that we were going to sleep together that night. I suggested that we go to dinner and then dance for a while to make sure that we actually liked each other. She agreed and that became the core of our future relationship. She came up with the ideas and I put the details together to make it happen. We went to dinner, then danced, and then went back to her room and fucked each other until early morning. We made it to orientation on time, but we were both dragging. 

By the end of the week, she decided that we should get an apartment together. I picked out several to look at and she was pleased with all of them and chose the one I liked best too. On our hiring anniversary date two years later, she announced that it was time for us to get married. I thought that this was a great idea and planned our wedding. Then two years later, I showed her five houses that she thought we were ready for. Once again, she picked the one that was my favorite and we became home owners. Both of us were working hard at our jobs and had only taken three day weekends off for short trips in the previous four years. In our fifth year, we were both promoted and given a nice bonus. For the first time, we talked about taking a real vacation. 

She decided that we needed to go to Seattle. I made the plans and we had a great time. The next year she decided that we needed to go to London. I researched it and we once again came home relaxed and happy. Does that sound like normal behavior? It was for us. 

I can't say that we hadn't changed at all because we had. When we met, she was 5'5" tall and weighed about 135 lbs with large B-cup breasts. Now she had lost about ten pounds and had grown to have a nicely shaped C-cup bust. I had been too slender when we met at 6 foot even, but weighing only about 150 lbs. Now I was 175 lbs with a fairly toned body. We had a gym membership, but were not fanatics about it. Where our sex life early on was frenetic with almost daily rounds of exhausting sex; today we made love two or three times a week. We admitted that we actually enjoyed each other more now since we knew each other so much better. We each knew what buttons to push and when and we took advantage of this knowledge to maximize our pleasure. 

Jeanne got hit on regularly wherever we were. I quit worrying about it because she always ended the advance with the same response. "My husband treats me like a queen and never fails to satisfy me. What do you have to offer that is better than what he offers me?" Few men could offer more than a big dick and the promise of endless orgasms. I too was approached by women offering themselves to me both subtly and not so subtly. My answer was always, "Thanks. If I wasn't married to my fantasy woman, I would certainly consider you. But I love my fantasy as she is." Several women said, "I wish that I was looked at that way by..." either their husband or boy friend. 

That doesn't mean that we didn't have fantasies. We often talked about them after making love. We had fulfilled a number of them like making love outdoors and other things. One of hers had been to be taken in public. One night after a concert, we were parked in a dark corner of the parking lot and I bent her over the hood of our car and fucked her there with a few people walking by less than twenty feet from us. She exploded that night. We had done similar things after that, but never quite as open to being seen again. We had talked about other situations including if we wanted sex with someone else. Neither of us were absolutely against it and recognized that the possibility could exist where we would be tempted but so far, neither of us had ever acted on it. However, we agreed that if it did happen, we would tell each other and that our relationship wouldn't suffer. We also agreed that if we did, it would be a one time or short term affair and not a continuing one. She also knew what kind of woman I liked and I knew what kind of man that she was attracted to. We often teased each other when we saw someone like our fantasy when we were out. Mine was a tall, dark haired woman like Angie Harmon. Her fantasy was a cocky, handsome man who swept her off her feet. This was odd because that wasn't me at all. But then, why would you fantasize about someone that you already have. We also knew without telling each other that there were a few that we didn't want to tell the other just yet. We just accepted that. We were very comfortable with each other. 

Two months ago, Jeanne announced that she wanted us to drive west this year on back roads and see the country side and the places that tourists miss. I went to work and researched places that we might like to visit. It soon dawned on me that if we wanted to see the wonders of the west, driving a car would be boring and that most of the places to stay were on the Interstate or in bigger towns and cities. Therefore, I looked up the possibility of renting a camper or an RV for two weeks. I found a guy who has a fairly new RV that he rented out. It wasn't one of the big buses, but a truck frame and cab with an integral camper on the back. The price was right and the size was perfect for the two of us. I talked it over with Jeanne and she loved it. She liked the idea of us camping out on the road and making love outdoors in the mountains or by a lake. I rented it for two weeks even though we could only take off for a long week because Jeanne had important meeting before and after that week. The price was non-refundable, so we were locked in for our vacation. 

The weekend before we were to leave on Saturday, I picked up the camper and parked it in the driveway. I took that week off to familiarize myself with it, get provisions for the trip, and pack for the week. When Jeanne got home from work that night, I began to wonder if we had a problem. She had the look of a woman with something on her mind. I stopped what I was doing and followed her into the house and poured her a glass of wine. She as sitting on the sofa and I carried it to her. 

"Is something the matter? You look like something is really wrong. Work?" 

"Oh no; nothing like that. I...I got a couple of phone calls today from some friends of mine from college. One of them had a problem she wanted to talk about; the other had an opportunity to think about. That's what I have been doing; thinking about both of them." 

"Is there anything I can do?" 

She smiled, "You are doing what you usually do in these situations. You are supporting me and taking care of me. I'll work this out and everything will be all right. So how is the camper?" 

"It is great. We can cook inside or outside. There is an awning. The bed is really comfortable and is queen size. The bathroom is a little tight but I fit, so you shouldn't have a problem. It drives smoothly and the mileage isn't horrible." 

"That sounds great. Go back and do some more work. I am going to soak in the tub and think and then I'll make dinner. It will be quick one though." 

"Sounds good to me." I went back out and worked a couple more hours. When I came in for the night, Jeanne was fixing pasta and sauce along with a salad. I re-opened the wine and poured us each a glass. 

When we finished eating, I asked, "Did you solve your friend's problems yet?" 

Her eyes twinkled and replied, "I decided on the opportunity and know what I am going to tell the other one. But I also thought about a couple more things that I need to take care of before we go. I should be able to tell you more tomorrow. I also decided that I want you to make love to me tonight. So take a shower and clean up before bed." 

That was a good sign because whenever she had a problem at work, she wanted sex when she found the solution. So she had indeed found a solution to her friend's problem. 

The next day, I went shopping for the trip. Besides the routine things we might need, I couldn't help myself, but bought Jeanne a couple of tops that were sexy and form fitting but also decent to wear in public with an over shirt. I also bought her a couple of pairs of lounging pajamas since the evenings might be cool after dark. I put those away in the camper to surprise Jeanne while we were gone. That night, Jeanne called and said she was going to be a little late because she was meeting our neighbor, Gwen, for a drink after work. She even teased me that I wasn't allowed because it would be girl talk. She knew full well that I had a strong attraction to our beautiful neighbor. Gwen was four years younger than us and had a figure to dream about. She was also smart and intelligent too. All of those combined made me a happy man when they were at our house or we were at theirs. 

I started dinner by putting potatoes in to bake and getting the grill hot to do strip steaks when she got home. I took a shower while I waited and was clean and ready when she arrived in case she was in the mood for another round tonight. She came in at seven and was feeling very good. That earned me a big kiss with the promise of more later. She wouldn't tell what she and Gwen had talked about of course, but she did say that by tomorrow, her friend would know if her suggestion would work. That night, our love making was more like it had been when we first met. We both were hungry for each other and drove the other one to higher levels of performance. When we fell asleep exhausted afterwards, I was holding her tenderly. 

The next morning, I was taking a break when she called. She sounded both excited but subdued. "Meet me for lunch at the Italian place by the office. I need to talk to you." She hung up before I had a chance to respond. I took a shower and put on a pair of slacks and a pullover shirt. The drive to the Italian restaurant took twenty minutes and I was there before she arrived. Since I didn't have to go back to work, I ordered a glass of wine for me. She came in ten minutes later with a big smile on her face and sat down next to me. 

"So what so we need to talk about?" I asked. 

"After we eat. You are going to be pleased." 

We ordered and ate and then I sat back and looked at her. "Let me guess; you won the lottery." 

"No silly. I don't buy tickets for that and you know it." She took a breath and said, "My Friday meeting got cancelled." 

"Great, we can leave Thursday night or Friday morning." 

"You can leave Friday morning, but I can't." 

"Ooops! There is more to the story, isn't there? Tell me." 

"The meeting got cancelled, but I have been sent to Houston for a week long seminar and there was no option to refuse. So you can drop me at the airport and go on Friday." The frown on my face must have given away my disappointment. "Get that frown off your face. Do you think I would send you off on your own? I don't trust you for a week alone. I have arranged some travelling companions for you. You are going to have a great time." 

"It is impossible for me to have a great time when you aren't there. Maybe I can have a good time or a nice time; but a great time? No way." 

"Hush. I have made sure that you will have a really good time. I need you to take me to the airport at 9:00 and I will tell you where you can pick up your traveling companion then." 

"Jeanne, this sounds too clumsy. Let me just stay home." 

"Nope; the arrangements have been made and it would be a lot clumsier to change things now. You are going and will enjoy it. I have to get back to work. Have a good afternoon. I love you." 

I sat for a moment and finished my wine before paying the check and starting the drive home. As I thought about it, I realized that our company would do something just like this without thinking about her plans. They would probably give her another couple of days off later in the year and maybe we could go skiing. I thought a little longer and decided that she had probably called her two brothers to go with me. They were pretty good guys although they were four and five years younger than me and neither of them was married. They could be fun to be with but at night, they did like to drink beer and chase women. That was something that I wasn't going to do. I would have to play daddy and chaperone for them. I finally rationalized that with the camper paid for, I might as well use it and have the best time with her brothers that I could. When I got home, I continued packing, but without the same enthusiasm. 

That night she was still bubbling over and talking about how I would be having fun while she was working. I trying to share her enthusiasm, but it wasn't working and I was certain that she realized it. Thursday went by quickly. I went to the store and bought several of things to freeze and a case of beer and wine. Some of the areas we would be going through didn't sell beer and I figured that a case would get my brothers-in-law through the first day or two and then we could load up more when it was available. I also washed some clothes so that nothing would be sitting in the hamper dirty for a week. Jeanne came home and began packing for her trip. Rather than cooking, I went to the Chinese place we liked and got take out for dinner. 

I was expecting to make love that night since we usually did before she left on a trip, but she begged off saying that she started her period today. I went to bed disappointed, but not angry. I loved her and she loved me. That I knew and I held her like she was the most important person in the world to me. 

In the morning, I loaded her suitcase in the camper and shut the house down and locked up. I took her straight to the airport. She said that she would get something for breakfast in the terminal since she was a little early. Once there and her bag was checked, she kissed me and smiled. Then she said, "Go to the IHOP near our house and your travelling companion will meet you there." Then she walked inside the terminal. I wasn't thinking fast enough to even ask how I would know who they were if they proved to not be her brothers. I said to myself as I drove off, "This is one hell of a way to start a vacation." Then I drove to the IHOP. 

It wasn't busy now and I didn't know how long I would have to wait, so I ordered breakfast along with a coffee. I was waiting patiently as our IHOP's service was notoriously slow, when the front door opened and my fantasy woman walked in. She was at least 5'10" tall, fairly slender, but with curves in all of the right places. Her dark hair is what I noticed first and then her smile and eyes. Finally, the jeans and blouse with a vest set her off as one of the 1% of the most beautiful women I had ever seen in my life. She was walking confidently and purposefully down the aisle towards the back and I wondered who the lucky guy was that she was going to see. Then she stopped at my table and said, "You're Alex, aren't you." 

I almost choked on my coffee and said something brilliant like, "Um Yes, I am. Do I know you?" 

She slipped into the seat across from and said, "We have never met, but Jeanne has told me a lot about you. I am Dana." 

"Of course, I thought that I recognized you a little, but couldn't place you. I've seen your picture from her college days." 

"That was ten years ago and we were sorority sisters and roommates. I have probably aged since those pictures were taken." 

"Only in positive ways, let me assure you. She has told me a lot about you; I am surprised that we have never met." 

The waitress brought my breakfast. She said, "Go ahead and eat while it's hot, but I am going to order too. I didn't eat much last night and nothing this morning. I am hungry." 

"I'll tell you what, let's order another one and we will share this and then the next one too. That way, they will both be hot." I told the waitress and she nodded. 

"Thank you. The reason that we have never met is a long story, but the short version is that my husband holds a grudge against Jeanne for something she did in college. We don't visit each other, but we keep up through e-mails and phone calls. In fact, when she called me and told me about your vacation trip, I was jealous and told her that I wish I was going. Then when she called back and told me that she had to go to a meeting, she asked if I was serious. I said that I was dead serious, she asked me to meet you here this morning. So unless you don't want me, I am your travelling companion until Tuesday." 

I frowned, "There is this little problem of you having a husband somewhere. I am not sure that I want to wake up and find an irate husband pointing a shotgun at me some day." 

"Ah that. Let's put that away right now. He has been cheating on me for five years. The last three times, I told him that if he did it again, I was going to find a man myself and as soon as I had documentation, I was going to divorce him. He laughed at me. He left last night and I am certain that he will be fucking one of his girls all week. So I have arranged to get the documentation and when Jeanne offered me this opportunity, I took it. Now before you say something, read this." She handed me an envelope. 

I opened it and read it over carefully. It said, "You have now met Dana. She is 100% real, dammit! Nothing has been enhanced or tampered with. I know that she is the epitome of your perfect woman, enjoy her this week. Oh yes, she loves to fuck. I love you. J" I frowned for a second time. 

"Does that frown mean that you are disappointed in something she wrote?" I pushed it over to her and she read it and nodded. "She didn't tell any lies. So what is the problem?" 

"It isn't what she said; it is what she didn't say." 

"Share it with me, please." 

"She didn't say that since I was with you, she was going to be with another man." 

"Ah, that. And what are you thinking?" 

I sighed, "We have talked about this possibility for some time. We agreed that if either of us was attracted enough to someone else, we could pursue it, but that we would talk about it afterwards and would go on. It isn't going to end our relationship or marriage. Right now, it is just a shock, because neither one of us have ever acted on this before; so this is virgin territory for me and I guess, for her too." 

"Does that mean that you want to call this trip off?" I could hear a lot of disappointment in her voice. 

"No, it means exactly the opposite." 

"I'm confused; what do you mean?" 

"I mean that if she found someone she is interested in and then went to all of the trouble to set this up with you, I want her to have a really good time. When we get home, we will deal with the repercussions. In the meantime, you and I are going on the trip together. And selfishly, when you talk to her after the trip, I hope that you can honestly tell her that you had a better time with me than she did with him." 

She broke into a smile and said, "You are exactly how she described you. I don't know of any other man who would feel that way or respond that way. Thank you. I can't tell you just how important this is to me personally and I want to make this a memorable trip for you too." 

"Dana, starting right now, your husband doesn't exist and Jeanne exists, but doesn't need to be part of our trip. This is about you and me now. I guess that she has also told you that I tend to take things slow and careful. I am not going to rush you or anything. Let's just relax and be ourselves and find our enjoyment together." 
