 Andy cannot believe how this day is turning out and how truly blessed he is. 

Here I thought that my life as I knew it was over. I was afraid that I was forever destined to live in one hovel or another until I could afford a decent place on my own. Now, because of their extreme kindness and generosity, I can save up as much money as I can in case, I need a good divorce lawyer. 

I started to think about Sarah again and our life together. I could feel myself starting to get depressed again, so I decided to be proactive. My friends are going through a lot of trouble to help me, and the least I can do is try to stay positive although it is extremely difficult. 

"Thank you for letting me come and stay with you guys. I really appreciate it." I couldn't think of anything else to say. I am just so tired.

"It is no problem at all bud, we are happy to have you. I am sorry that all of this is happening to you. I wish that there was more that we could do." Jason said.

"You guys are lifesavers, really." I decided to change the subject. 

"Amy is sure looking great. I have always admired how happy she seems to be all the time." Maybe that is why I failed as a husband. I thought to myself. "I can't remember the last time I saw Sarah smile. Maybe I didn't pay her enough attention." 

Jason seemed happy just to listen, he didn't offer any advice which I appreciate. I could feel myself slip into a melancholy again but there was no help for it this time. Was I such a terrible husband? Is that why she has given up on me? I asked myself as we pulled up to the hotel. 

It took quite a while to gather up all my stuff. There was actually more here than I thought, it filled up the entire back seat of my truck. We were quiet as we headed back to Jason's house. 

When we got there, Amy came out onto the porch and greeted us with a big huge smile. Her hair was wet, so she must have just showered. She was wearing jeans and a tight hot pink tea shirt that showed off her shapely figure. 

Man, what is wrong with me, lusting after one of my best friends. I should be ashamed of myself. I chuck it up to the lack of sex in my life for the past five years and let it go. I will have to be more careful in the future though, I do not want to lose my best friends just because I am horny. Amy came right up to the back door of my truck and grabbed up a load of clothes. 

"Here, let me take those honey, they are really heavy." I told her as I tried to take them away from her. She just went around me and headed to the house, humming a happy tune the whole time. I looked through the truck over at Jason, he just laughed and shook his head. 

I grabbed up my duffle bag and another stack of clothes. When I entered the house, I was surprised to see her coming from the laundry room instead of the hallway where my new bedroom is. She came right up to me and took the clothes out of my arms and went back into the laundry room. 

"I am going to make sure that all of your clothes are clean after they have been in that horrible place. Did you know that bedbugs can reside in your clothing too?" She asked as she visibly shivered. I thanked her and tried to tell her that I can wash my own clothes. She walked passed me again and headed to my new room with a stack of towels. 

"These will have to do until we go to the store later and get you some brand new ones for your bathroom." She told me as she walked out of my new bathroom, just as I walked through the door of my new bedroom. 

I stopped in my tracks. The extra-large guest room that I remember staying in with Sarah was now transformed into a single man's utopia. Compete with video game console, sixty-inch screen TV, and two overstuffed recliners. My mouth dropped open. "Wow, you are way too good to me, you made it so nice in here I may not want to leave." I walked up to her and gave her a hug.

"Good, we love having you here. You can stay forever if you like." She told me as she stepped out of my embrace and grabbed my duffle bag off of the bed. She opened it up and started to take out my sox and underwear. Jason walked in with another arm load stuff. He put it down on the bed and looked around.

"Cool, I can't wait to play against you again." He said as he gestured toward the gaming console and tv. 

"I can take care of all of that, honestly. You have done too much for me already." I told her. I never in my life have been taken such good care of O thought to myself.

"Nonsense, I do it for Jason and the kids all the time, why would you be any different. Listen, why don't you take a nice hot shower. I will leave some of Jason's clothes on the bed for you. Your clothes should be ready soon." She said as she left the room again. 

Oh my, a hot shower sounds so good. I am so sick of lukewarm, sometimes even down right cold showers. I do not know how she did it but, Amy already had unpacked all of my toiletries and had them laid out for me. I turned on the water and let it run so it will be nice and hot. I took off my clothes and jumped in. Ahhhh... What heaven...

Jason and Amy took the rest of Andy's belongings out of his truck and put them in his room.

"I am so glad that we got him out of that hotel. I have never been to that one before, it might be cheap, but it was just plain nasty." I told her as another grossed out shutter ran through me.

"Why didn't you tell me he was staying at that horrible place? We could have gone and saved him sooner?" She said with her hands on her hips and a frown. 

"I didn't know my love, honest. He just told me yesterday. I figured he was safe for the night because he was working. I was going to tell you about it right after breakfast." 

"By the way, you did a fantastic job on his room babe. It looks amazing. I am sure that he will feel right at home. He may not even want to go back to his house." I teased her as we left Andy's room and went into the family room to give Andy some privacy while he showered. 

"You know, that may not be a bad idea. I got the feeling that she was not the best of wives anyway. I have been thinking about all the times that they were over or when we all went out together. She was pretty cold to him if I remember correctly." She told me.

"Really? I can't say that I remember that. I never really cared for her, so I didn't really pay any attention, I guess. It sounds like she sure has put him through hell and back though." I told her as we sat down on our couch and I filled her in on the rest of the information that Andy had shared with me. 

"You know, now that you mention it. She was a real stick in the mud about life in general. She never wanted to go out and have fun with us, she wouldn't even let me listen to music in our room." She complained. 

"She was always calling everything a sin. It got old really fast. Her friends were all very odd too. Always walked around in long skirts with hoods over their heads like a bunch of flying nuns. Gave me the willies." She said with a shiver.

"Yes, no that you mention it, I do remember that. With Andy's wild past with women, I was very surprised that he wanted to marry her of all people. Don't you remember it was right after our wedding?" I asked her. 

"Oh my, yes, he was quite the hound dog, wasn't he?" She giggled. "Frankly, I was surprised that she had even gone out with him in the first place, much less said yes when he asked her to marry him. I didn't really believe it until I saw her ring with my own eyes that night they came over for dinner when we first bought this house." She said.

"Their wedding was a complete joke too, it was so rushed. Andy complained about having to go to classes to become a catholic. They made him crammed a year's worth of classes into three weeks. He was overwhelmed but she told him that if he really loved her, he would do it without complaint." I told Amy with a cold tone to my voice for emphasis.

"Oh dear, I never knew that. That is a horrible thing to do to someone. I would have told her to get lost." Amy said back while making a face. 

"So, roomies, now that I am sparkling clean and all moved in, can I make you guys dinner tonight or something, it is the least I could do?" Andy asked as he walked into the room. 

"Well, how about we have lunch first and go from there." Amy laughed as got up off of the couch to get the sandwiches she had made while we were gone.

"Oh man, tuna salad! My favorite!" Andy said with excitement as she put a tray of sandwiches down on the coffee table. She left the room again to get our drinks and a bag of chips. "Jason, you sure are a lucky guy. Amy is simply amazing. It is like she read my mind." He said with a smile as he dove into the sandwiches. 

It was nice to see my best friend so happy. Which started me thinking about how I have always been so close to this man. Then when Amy and I started dating in high school, I knew that she felt the same way about him that I did. 

He would be a perfect playmate for her. I trust him and so does she. I know he will not hurt her because he loves her as much as I do. Plus, this way we can keep the play in our own house. Bonus! I smiled to myself. I will tell her about my idea tonight when we go to bed and see what she thinks. 

"So, guys, what would you like to do this afternoon. I would like to go to the grocery store, so we can stock up on what kind of food you like. Just give me a list. You guys could even go out and have some fun while I shop and then I can meet up with you after I am done shopping if you like." Amy offered. 

"No actually, I think that it would be fun to go with you shopping with you. I never got to go with Sarah. She said that I always slowed her down because I kept wanting to look at everything." He said with a faraway look of sadness coming over his face and I decided to take quick action. 

"Why don't we all go, then we can just see where the wind blows us for the rest of the evening?" I offered. They both agreed instantly.

"That sounds good." Amy said and got up to clear away our lunch.

"I will take care of that dear, so you can go and get ready". I offered while taking the tray from her.

"Okay, thanks." She gave me a quick peck and left the room. 

"I will help you." Andy offered as he joined in on the clean-up duty. We were done in no time, it was great.

"Well, I guess we should go and get ready too." I told him. 

Just then Amy came out of the laundry room with a stack of folded clothes and gave them to Andy with a smile. And a cheerful, "Here ya go." Then she went back into our bedroom. We both watched her walk away. 

"Dang, I could get use to this!" Was all he said, shaking his head as he walked to his bedroom. I just laughed and headed to our room to talk to Amy.

"Hey babe, I have a wonderful idea." I said.

"Oh yeah? Go ahead shoot." She told me as she slipped on a big oversized sweatshirt over her head and then adjusted the big stretched out collar so that it hung off one shoulder. Which drew my attention to the fact that there was no bra strap showing. I just kept staring at her beautiful shoulder which was all peak a boo and exposed. I licked my lips because my mouth started to drool as I imagined kissing that exposed shoulder and spreading kisses up to her neck. 

"Hello? Hey honey?" She asked and waved her hand in front of my face. "Hey, are you ok?" She said as she snapped her fingers in front of my eyes. 

"What? Oh, I'm sorry what were we talking about?" I asked since I couldn't remember for the life of me.

"You were going to tell me your good idea?" She said with her eyes bright and dancing. 

"Oh yea, well, I was going to talk to you about it later tonight. But since we are going to be spending the rest of the day with Andy, I decided it would be a good idea to ask you now so that you could think about it." I spit out nervously. 

She just quirked her right eyebrow up like, ok, I am still waiting. "What do you think of the idea of asking Andy to be your other penis for you to play with?" He asked excitedly. Her mouth dropped open, obviously she had never thought about it before. 

"We can't do that, I know him!" She said with her eyes wide.

"But don't you see? That's part of why it is so perfect. He is our best friend. He already loves you. He won't try to hurt you; therefore, I won't have to kill him and then go to jail for rest of my life. Come on honey, it is a win, win, for all of us. What do you think?" He asked excitedly. 

"I am not sure actually. I do have one huge concern, I do not want to lose his friendship if something bad happens. We have never done this before. What if you get jealous or something?" She asked.

"I have a feeling that everything is going to be ok as far as that is concerned. I have a suspicion that he loves you as much as I do. I say that we test my theory right now." I told her as I pulled her close and gave her a hug and deep kiss. Then pulled her sweatshirt back off over her head... 

Amy, was now topless, and being pulled into the family room by her very excited husband. 

Andy was sitting on the couch waiting for them to finish getting ready. When he saw them, his eyes nearly popped out of his head. They approached him. Jason leads me to sit down next to Andy and all he can do is stare at the lace panty covering my ass as I sit down. 

"Andy, we need to ask you an important question." Jason said with a soft laugh as he sat down on the other side of me. Jason reached up and started to play with my nipple. Andy just stared at us open mouthed. I moaned, I couldn't help it. I was suddenly so nervous and excited at the same time. I took Andy's hand and put it on my other breast as a silent invitation. This time we both could hear Andy's moan.

"Are you sure guys?" He asked as he continued to stare at his hand resting on my breast with a look of longing. He started moving his hand hesitantly at first. Then he lifted up my breast in his hand. Jason matched what Andy was doing with his own hand and the feeling was amazing. They both looked at each other, smiled and excitedly moved onto the floor in front of me. 

Each man devoured the breast that they had in front of them. They were each sucking and twisting each of my nipples. Hot fire shot straight to my pussy. I am so wet, I am dripping. I know that I can't take much more of this. I reach may hands around and grab the back of their heads. I hear each of them moan when I pull gently on each of their hair. 

Oh! This will be a fun game. I thought to myself as I concentrated on teaching them both what I liked. If they sucked or twisted the right way, I rewarded them with a gentle pull of their hair and they would moan in pleasure. If they became too excited and got a little too rough, I did nothing. They soon caught on. 

There was only one drawback to my little game. They were driving me wild. I had to relieve some the pressure, or I would explode! I reach down with one hand and start rubbing my clit, but that wasn't much help. So, I moved my other hand to cover the first one and the added pressure was even more amazing. That was all it took for my pleasure to overflow into a giant shuttering climax. I screamed my pleasure and I collapsed against the back of the couch panting for air. 

"May I?" Andy asked Jason with a slight nod toward me. 

"What?" I asked them as I was trying to catch my breath. 

"Be my guest." Jason said as both men ignored my question. Jason reached out his hands and spread my legs wide open for him. When it dawned on me what they were talking about it was too late to protest. Andy didn't hesitate for a moment but dove right in. Holy Cow! 

The waves of pleasure were crashing over me now. Andy had a slightly longer tongue than Jason, so he could lick my entire slit in one lick. Oh, the sheer pleasure of it. I grabbed onto my own nipples and started twisting and pulling on them myself. Jason wasn't having any of that. He came up to the side of my face and presented me with his beautiful cock. 

I ask you, what is a girl to do when she finds herself in such an unbelievable situation? I tickled slowly up and down his shaft with my tongue, but that maddeningly slow play only lasted for a moment. Andy was doing such an awesome job on my clit and pussy that I became frantic for the feel of his cock in my mouth. 

I guided him deep into my mouth then started twirling and flicking my tongue around his hard shaft which just a slight bit of suction. I try every trick I know to make cum in my mouth. I want it so badly. He knows exactly what I am after. 

He pulled his dick out of my mouth and whispered in my ear. "Oh no you don't." In a louder voice he says, "Didn't you say that you wanted to play with two penises' my dear?" I look up into his face and I see his wicked grin. 

"I can sure help you out with that!" Andy says as he gets up onto his knees and buries himself deep inside my pussy.

"Oh!" I cry out. It is so good. Where Jason is thick and wide, Andy is long and narrow, hitting secret places deep inside me that I didn't even know I had. He pumps in and out of my pussy in a frenzied pace. As if that wasn't enough to drive me over the edge, Jason climbs up onto the couch behind me, put his arms around me and started playing with my nipples. Which sends liquid fire straight to my pussy. 

The pleasure was too much for me and I explode all over his cock. I cry out as I keep cumming over and over again. I collapse again and let myself fall against Jason. He got up and gently laid me back against a large stack of couch cushions. He kneels next to me and presents his hard cock to me again. 

I know exactly what he wants but I am so weak. I can only wrap my lips around the tip and suck as hard as I can, he moaned loudly as my reward. My strength is renewed with the hope of having my mouth filled with his hot cum again. Andy starts to pump harder, faster and he yells out as he shoots his cum inside of me. His shutters and spasms start to slow and then he pulls his limp cock out of me. The men switch places and I am suddenly sucking the cum off of Andy's now semi limp cock. Jason is sucking all of Andy's cum out of my sopping wet pussy which is so erotic that I explode into a million strands of complete ecstasy and everything went black...