 Author's note: Thanks to Angel_Love for challenging me to be a better writer and taking the time to edit this story for me.



Your knees buckle as you realize you're not wearing your own nightgown. To make matters worse you are confident that I know that the nightgown belongs to Jenn. How could you have made such an obvious mistake?! You gulp hard and decide to be honest. 

"I have something to tell you about last night after you fell asleep babe," you say quietly as you climb onto the bed.

"I'm sure it can't be that terrible Vix," I respond as I take your hand and pull you to me. With your head resting on my chest and my arms wrapped around your body you relive the previous night with Jenn. Your body tingles at the memory of your lover's touch causing the hair on your arms and neck to stand on end.

"Actually," I say pulling your lips to mine, "I have a bit of a confession as well." 

Kissing you deeply, our tongues dancing and gliding together, I pull your body upward until you are straddling my hips. "Jenn and I set you up darling," I say as our lips finally part, "you have always said how you wanted to see what it was like but never had the guts to act on it." I detail the plan devised by Jenn and I to answer your bi-curious questions once and for all. 

"I hope you aren't upset."

Leaning down you kiss me deeply, the soft satin of your borrowed nightgown pressing between our bodies. My hands begin to move up your thighs feeling the satin against your soft skin. Sliding forward you push the sheet covering my lower body out of the way and slowly lean back.

The differences between the feelings last night and this morning against your body are evident immediately. Instead of the soft tickle of your lover's hair and her warm luxurious tongue it is replaced with the penetrating heat you enjoy so much. Sitting up fully against my hips your body trembles and quakes as you moan intensely. Your pussy spasms around my hardness and your back arches fully. Suddenly a wet torrent of warmth coats me from my waist to my legs as you lean forward bracing yourself on your arms. 

"Oh God I needed that!" you say in a throaty whisper. 

Closing your eyes and enjoying the momentary aftershock of your orgasm, you suddenly feel a warm hand on your shoulder. That hand is soon joined by a second on your other shoulder. Too afraid to open your eyes you lean back and press your back into the body moving in tightly behind you. The hands move off your shoulders and slowly glide over your body and around your waist. Feeling nothing but warmth and soft silky material on your almost bare back, you have no need to open your eyes to know who is there. 

"I thought you would have gotten enough of this last night," Jenn whispers exquisitely in your ear.

"It would have been enough," you whisper in reply pulling her arms tighter around your body, "but then I had to go and describe the whole thing this morning."

As your hips start to rock slowly back and forth Jenn kisses her way across your shoulders and neck. Reaching back with your right hand you easily pull her mouth to yours and engage in a deep soulful kiss. Her hands drift slowly from your silk-covered waist to your bare sides. The feeling of her hands returning to your bare flesh while my hardness is still deeply imbedded inside you is almost too much to take. Breaking your kiss and gasping for air Jenn's hands move to the clasp behind your neck. 

With a quick tug on the small clasp your breasts are freed from their silky enclosure. Pressing her body into yours, Jenn sits closely behind you matching the motion of your hips and slipping her hands under your arms. The halter style top of the nightgown has now fallen onto my stomach exposing your body from the waist up. Jenn's delicate fingers move to your chest cautiously. Reaching back you grip her legs tightly and lean your head back next to hers. Jenn gently kisses your neck and ear as her hands move slowly over your breasts. Your body jumps at her touch as her fingers drag over your nipples, bending them with each pass of her finger and allowing them to snap back before the next one reaches it. 

Another soft moan escapes your lips. Jenn's hands move down your torso and begin gathering the nightgown around your hips. Slowly sliding the satin material off your body, your usual shyness gives way to the moment. With the nightgown now tossed aside your hands move to Jenn's soft and shapely legs. The intense memory of those legs on your flesh only a few hours ago makes your body yearn for more. Momentarily your back cools as Jenn's body pulls away from yours. Before you can react the warmth of her bare skin touches yours. Her soft breasts with their amazing hard nipples press into your back as her hands move seductively around your body.

"I can't be the only one dressed," she whispers softly in your ear with a touch of mischief, "now can I?"

Jenn's hot breath on your ear is nothing in comparison to her hands moving over your body. Moving your right hand slowly up her thigh and carefully slipping it between your bodies her own excitement coats your fingers as her moan fills your ear. Your two bodies begin to move in unison as you ride me while Jenn rides your fingers to ecstasy. Jenn's right hand begins to slowly lift and squeeze your right breast as her left moves over your hip to your abdomen. With my hands holding your hips tightly Jenn's fingers expertly glide further down your belly. Your breathing becomes more labored and your body moves faster at her touch. Clenching your muscles around my cock you try to concentrate on your approaching orgasm. Jenn's finger delicately rubs your most sensitive area with a master's touch as your brain strains to take in all of the sensations you are feeling at this moment.

"I can't believe how good this feels!" you cry out. 

"Just wait," Jenn whispers into your ear, "I'm here alllllll weekend!"

Her deliberately dragging out the word all has an immediate impact on you. Leaning forward you grasp my hip with your free hand and pull your body into mine at the realization of Jenn's statement. The next moments pass as a blur of intense emotion but in the same way seem to happen so slowly that every nerve ending seems amplified beyond comprehension. The thought of Jenn remaining for the weekend makes your pussy jump inside your body. Her fingers tugging on your nipples and rubbing your clit seem to shoot sharp electrical pulses throughout your entire being. 

Finally the swelling of my cock inside you and eventual release has your mouth and eyes open so wide you wonder if you might explode. The deep rasping moan seemingly emanating from your very core escapes your mouth barely audible to those closest to you. Your body quakes as your orgasm washes over your entire being no longer feeling as one person but feeling the deep emotional and physical connection as three become one.

Collapsing forward still quivering and awash with emotion you try to regain whatever senses you can muster. Jenn's hands move firmly up and down your back slowly massaging you as your breathing eventually returns to normal. Finally able to regain composure but unable to move steadily your hand moves back to find your lover. Eventually you are able to pull Jenn by the hand into a position where you can see her without having to move your head. Her long brownish blonde hair looks annoyingly perfect while her face glows from her own enjoyment. 

"I don't know if I can do this all weekend!" you say exhaustedly, "not without a nice long nap."

"Would you settle for a bath?" Jenn asks with a gleam in her eyes, "you guys have this massive tub and never use it!" Before you can say a word, your friend's boundless energy carries her into the bathroom with her soft pink floral kimono waving behind her, the sound of running water follows quickly. 

"Where's your bath salts!?!" she calls out, "Never mind . . . " Her voice trails of as if the word was the ending to a song.

"I can't' believe you two set me up like this," you say lifting your head finally and looking into my eyes. "It was the most amazing night ever . . . thank you." Leaning forward you kiss me softly on the lips and collapse again on top of me. 

"I can only imagine it getting better Vix," I say kissing the top of your head and hugging you tightly. "Let's face it. It's a weekend of your two favorite people trying to make you happy!" 

"That thought alone gives me chills!" you reply quietly enjoying my warm embrace. 

Closing your eyes and pulling your body into mine with your arms you begin to wonder if your body will ever stop tingling. Slowly your aching legs straighten against mine. The feeling of warmth and my fingers running through your hair comfort and protect you as you drift off into a quick cat nap. The soothing beat of my heart against your ear and my warm touch help your body slowly relax as the tingling subsides. 

"I'm not going to be in this big tub all by myself am I?" Jenn calls out playfully from the bathroom.

"No, I'll be right there," you say opening your eyes and reluctantly lifting your body from mine. 

"I'd better get in there before she drowns or something." Your chuckled reply is made funnier by your unsteadiness on your feet. 

"You can barely walk," I call out to you, "who's going to keep you from drowning!" 

Laughing you blow me a kiss before entering the steam filled bathroom. The tile floor is cool against your bare feet as you make your way to the tub. Looking at the oversized Jacuzzi tub and grasping the edge, you cautiously begin to step into it. The water is hot and takes a moment or two to get used to before proceeding. Finally able to lower your body into the water and ease yourself against one side the water and bath salts calm and ease your tired but still excited body. Jenn's legs come to rest against yours as the two of you face each other across the tub. The both of you close your eyes and enjoy a long lingering soak. 

As the minutes pass by and your muscles succumb to the hot water your mind fills with the events of the past evening and morning wondering what is to come. You feel and hear Jenn move in the tub bringing her body to rest against yours. As she nestles into your arms, her back against your body so that her head rests on your left shoulder, the two of you enjoy your quiet time alone. Unfortunately the warmth of your embrace cannot keep the water in the tub from cooling.

"I think it's about time," Jenn says softly.

"I guess you're right," you reply knowingly.



The two of you move slowly allowing your relaxed muscles time to get used to movement again. The cool air on your wet skin causes goose bumps. Taking Jenn by the hand you lead her to the shower quickly turning on the water and pulling her in with you. The large standup shower has a six inch rainfall showerhead that covers the both of you in warm water as you embrace. As the water warms the two of you move slowly apart until you manage to get Jenn to turn away from you. The cascading water soaks her hair allowing you to run your hands through it easily. Making sure you take your time you begin to wash Jenn's hair watching as the shampoo bubbles and water spills down the curves of her body. She braces herself by placing her hands against the shower wall as your fingers deftly massage her scalp. 

Jenn arches her back as the water and your hands rinse away the shampoo. Her hair is long and thick and it takes several attempts to get all the shampoo out. Without saying a word Jenn turns to face you placing a soft kiss on your lips before having you turn around. As you lean back, the water from the large showerhead above you runs down your hair, face and body. It's warm and comforting like Jenn's hands. Her fingers move slowly through your hair before applying the shampoo. You close your eyes and tilt your head forward as her fingers work the shampoo through your own long locks. The feel of her fingertips against your scalp and the gentle massage they give bring you to a point of relaxation you never knew was possible. Her fingers move slowly in an intricate dance over your scalp from your temples to the base of your skull. 

Your lover slowly leans you back to begin rinsing your hair. The warmth of the water and shampoo washes over your entire body. As you attempt to turn, Jenn silently holds you in place. The tender touch of her hand can be felt on your chest below your breasts as she washes your back and shoulders with a soapy face cloth. Her cloth-covered hand glides easily across your skin as she washes and massages your body. The cloth moves up and down both arms, which have weakly fallen to your sides, before proceeding to your chest. Even though your nipples are a bit sore to the touch the warm face cloth feels good against them. With your eyes just barely closed a soft moan escapes your lips as her hand moves on. Jenn stops at your lower abdomen before kneeling down behind you and washing your legs from the bottom up. 

Spreading your legs slightly it's impossible not to enjoy the meticulous actions of your dear friend. As her hands reach your inner thigh you hold your breath slightly. You feel her body standing behind you again as her arms reach around your waist and her hands glide along your inner thigh. You inhale deeply as the wash cloth and her fingers make contact with your pussy. Her fingers awaken the excitement in your body and soon your body is moving along with her delicate touch. With her body pressed into yours and yours grinding against hers your hands move quickly against the shower walls to brace the two of you. The washcloth falls to the shower floor as her fingers touch your body directly. With an arch of your back and a deep but fluttering breath the flush of another orgasm overpowers you. 

Taking a moment to catch your breath and adjusting the water temperature, the shower continues to cover you both with hot water. As you turn slowly Jenn takes you into her arms in a tight embrace. The two of you hug and share another soft kiss as the water cascades over your bodies. Moving your arms from around her and reluctantly turning her around you lean down and pick up the face cloth. After sweeping Jenn's hair to one side your hand moves the soapy cloth over her shoulders and back. Your eyes follow the soapy trail left by your hand across her tanned skin. Jenn's body reacts as your cloth-covered hand moves down her arms to her chest. Despite the warmth of the water her nipples get hard at your soft touch. Sneaking a look over her shoulder you can't help but stare as the water washes over and falls off her nipples while your hands move slowly down her abdomen. 

Your hands gently trace across her bikini line and over to her hips before following the outside of her legs down to her ankles. Looking up as you kneel behind her, Jenn's wet body excites you all over again. Her wet skin is soft and tan and seems to set your own skin on fire at the slightest touch. As your hands move up Jenn's shapely legs your memories go back to last night and the feel of them against your body as you inhaled her sweet scent. Your body quivers at the thought as your hands near that sumptuous area again. Once again standing behind her your hands move low across her hips and begin to massage her inner thighs. Jenn's back arches at your touch and you wonder if her body aches for your touch as much as yours did earlier. Your fingers move slowly savoring every second. Kissing her back and then resting your head against it you listen to her heart pounding inside her body as your hands reach her luscious folds. 

Hearing and feeling her body react to your touch last night was one thing but the sound of her heart pounding against your ear is even more exciting. Her heart continues to race and her breathing becomes deeper and more frantic as your fingers touch her. While all this excites you greatly you still want and need more. As you slowly slide your body down hers, Jenn arches her back more and presses her shoulders against the shower wall. Spreading her legs even further she bares herself to you. Jenn's body tenses momentarily as you place your hands on the back of her thighs and spread her pussy before your mouth. She eagerly pushes back against your tongue. Her upper body slowly slips down the wall until she is bent over allowing your tongue to move freely over her. 

Your desire to see your friend's pleasure consumes your thoughts. Using only your tongue the desperate moans of your lover's stalled orgasm echo in your ears. Grasping her hips and turning her Jenn now leans with her back against the shower wall as the water from the showerhead falls directly onto her torso. Ravenously devouring her clit and filled with the desire to bring your lover as much pleasure as she has brought you the reservations that had filled you before last night disappear. Reaching up with one hand Jenn's hand meets yours on her right breast. Her hand clamps onto yours as one of the fingers on your other hand easily slips inside her. Using your tongue and fingers Jenn's body reacts and moves to your touch. As you look deep into her eyes, it's impossible not to feel the deep connection on every level.

Suddenly Jenn's hand releases yours and both her hands slam against the shower wall. Her hips begin to move back and forth quickly against your rapidly moving tongue. This time you want to savor her orgasm as much as possible. Looking up and seeing her open and panting mouth, her heaving chest and feeling her clenching legs against your body a sense of enjoyment and warmth fills you. 

"OH GOD!" she cries out balling her hands into tight fists and banging them into the wall again. "OH YES!"

Last night Jenn's orgasm scared and excited you as nothing else had ever done before. The raw emotion of the moment, the connection, and the warmth were all so new and so different. Now, here in the shower, with only her to please her warmth washes over you like the water from the shower. Licking and sucking softly on her in an attempt to milk every ounce of her pleasure her warmth becomes yours. 

Slowly returning to your feet and pulling her body to yours, the two of you embrace again. This time she leans her spent body into yours and leans on you for strength. As the water falling on the two of you begins to cool you slowly move a hand from Jenn's back and shut it off. Jenn begins to pull away slightly after her moments rest and kisses you deeply. Her tongue moves effortlessly against yours stirring new emotions. As your kiss breaks and your eyes meet, you begin to wonder how deep this bond is that you now share. The two of you step slowly from the shower into the steaming air of the bathroom.

"I grabbed you two some towels," I say handing you each one large white cotton towel, "I've got two more over here and a pair of robes to put on."

"Ummmm, thanks," you reply nervously. "How long have you been here?" It's impossible even in this steaming room to miss the blushed redness of your face.

"Well I made breakfast and came up to let you two know," I explain as I hand you both a second towel to wrap around your hair, "but I didn't want to interrupt." 

"I'm glad you didn't!" Jenn chimes in putting on the large white cotton robe.

"Why don't we go eat," I say as I take you by the hand, "although it may be a little cold by now."