 The two of them had been at the pool most of the afternoon. It had been a really hot day, and most folks had stayed in their air-conditioned homes. So the afternoon crowd had been pretty much me, and these two babes. Graduation had been about two months ago, and we were well into our summer. They were showing off their hot, buff bodies, and I was checking them out. They knew it and I knew it. It had been a great way to waste another afternoon.

It was about an hour past sunset, and they should have left with everyone else long ago. I had finished all the chores around the pool, checking chemicals, water levels, dumping trash, cleaning filters- all the great parts of life-guarding. But these two had hung around, laughing and talking, giggling and flirting, while I got ready to close. I finally shut off the lights and headed over to where they were sitting. "Okay, Ladies, it's time to go home. The pool is closed."

The two of them groaned out loud, and asked me what was my hurry. They each preened and stretched, flashing me long legs, tight stomachs, and nice, round tits. They were seriously good-looking, and they knew it. I had enjoyed the show, and told them how much they had made my day.

They laughed at that, and the redhead asked me "Why does it need to end now?"

"What do you mean," I asked.

"Well, we've been watching you all day, too, you know." said the first. "Maybe we could all continue to entertain one another..." With that, she lifted her mane of deep amber hair, reached up, and untied the top to her bikini. That stopped me in my tracks. She slowly drew the top away from her chest, exposing two magnificent breasts. "Do we really need to go?" she asked.

The other one, a brunette, stood up next to her, and dropped her top as well. Then, the two of them pushed the tiny bottoms of their suits down around their feet, and stood in front of me stark naked. "C'mon, Ladies, what's up?" I asked.

"Well," said the dark-haired girl, "we decided that we would stay late tonight, and make you a memory."

"Why me?" I asked.

"Because today is your lucky day!" they said. They moved closer and rubbed up against me, each of them kissing my face and neck, their hands rubbing all over my back and chest, and then my ass and my dick. I could feel myself growing hard from them fondling me, and they quickly managed to untie my suit, and pull it to the ground. They took turns stroking my hard cock, and rubbing their tits against my chest.

"We want to see how long you can last. We're going to take turns sucking your cock, and see which of us can make you cum!" The redhead dropped to her knees, and proceeded to take me into her mouth. She sucked me deeply into her throat, and then pulled slowly away, running her teeth gently along the entire length of my cock. She was good. As she pulled me in and out of her mouth, her hands massaged my balls. The other stood to the side of me, pressing her breasts against me, and pulling my head over and French-kissing me. I was not going to last long with them working on me like this. Suddenly, the brunette pulled the redhead off me and told her that her time was up, and now it was HER turn. The redhead laughed, and laid back on the towels, spreading her legs wide and giving me an incredible shot of her pussy. I could see she was turned on- her pussy was moist and her labia was full. She stroked herself slowly to tease me more.

The brunette then gave me a deep soul kiss and said it was her turn. She said, "Kiss me, don't stop!" and began to run her tongue all over my lips and mouth. She latched on and was kissing me like I've never been kissed before, making out with me like she was possessed. The whole time, she was stroking my cock and rubbing her pussy up against it. She was humping me with her pussy, running her hot, wet cunt up and down against the underside of my cock, and kissing me deeply. I was again getting very close to cumming, when the first girl pushed her aside. 

"Next!" she said. Then the two of them knelt on each side and began to lick my cock between their two mouths, stroking me between them up and down the length. One of them went south and pulled my balls into her mouth, sucking and fondling them with her tongue. The other latched on the end of my cock, and started to pump me hard. The combination was too much, and I exploded, squirting my cum into the back of her throat. She let go and I pumped more cum onto her tits, and then the tits of the other. The brunette never let go of my balls, and kept squeezing them, milking the cum out of me. I dropped to the ground between them, my breath coming fast, after that incredible orgasm. They pulled me down onto the towels, and the three of us lay intertwined together. The girls rubbed my cum into their tits, and licked their fingers. "Tastes like chicken, right?" I asked. They laughed, and both extended a finger dripping with my cum. I took my time, and licked and sucked each of their fingers sensuously.

As we laid there on the towels, they each began to run their fingers very gently all over my chest and my crotch. Their touch was so soft, that it was extremely tantalizing- like feathers brushing over me. The redhead began to suck and bite gently at my nipple, and I could feel my cock respond. I was definitely getting hard again. The brunette took her bikini top and wrapped it tightly around my head, covering my eyes, and blindfolding me. I heard them stand up, laughing, and then they pulled me to my knees. One of them whispered, "Time to fuck now. See if you can tell which of us you're fucking!" I could hear them whispering, then one was behind me, reaching around me, and grabbing hold of my hard cock. Then I felt a wet pussy encompass the head of my cock, and push back onto me. The girl behind me pressed her tits into my back, and reached around to fondle my nipples. She was gently flicking them, and pinching them. I had no idea that would or could feel so wild- each pinch seemed to send an electrical charge straight to my cock. I could feel myself swell up bigger and harder. 

The other one pushed herself back until my cock was buried completely in her pussy. Then she began to stroke me, alternating with her pussy pushing back, then squeezing tightly, and slowly pulling away. It was incredibly tantalizing, as she slow-fucked me deep and hot. I couldn't see who was who, and I didn't care. My body was shorting out from sensory overload! This was one hot fuck!

After what I'm sure was only a couple minutes, they both switched places. One minute my hard cock is buried in a hot pussy, then I'm dangling in the cool night air, my balls aching. The next minute, I feel a hand guiding my cock back inside another hot, wet pussy. Once again, the other one moves behind me and I feel two hard nipples press into my back. Then the fingers start to work on MY nipples again. The pussy I'm now fucking is every bit as wet and hot as the other, but this one seems just a bit different. There is something that is inside stroking my cock, the friction feels just slightly different. It is tantalizing. This pussy starts the same, moving very slowly, pressing back against me, burying my hard cock deeply inside, and just the same way, then squeezes tightly as she pulls away, creating an intense suction on my cock.

But the pace suddenly changes, and the pussy begins to pull away quicker, and slam back faster. I can feel the wetness, as she is pumping back and forth, in and out, faster and faster. I am meeting her blow for blow. I reach forward and lean over her back, my hands reach around her and grasp her breasts. I am pinching her nipples, as mine are being pinched. I hear her breathing growing more ragged and she is grunting with each thrust, as she feels my cock pounding into her. Suddenly, the one behind me reaches between my legs and grabs my balls. She firmly squeezes them, and I am cumming hard. I let out a deep growl as I begin to spurt my load. The one I'm fucking feels me cum, and she, too, begins to orgasm. She is grinding herself back, and I am buried to the hilt inside her, my cum spurting and spurting, as she writhes and shakes. 

At last, there is respite for my balls. The one behind me lets loose of me, and whispers in my ear, "No peeking. You must keep your eyes closed until we say it's okay to look. Agreed?" I agree, and feel her remove the blindfold. My cock softens and I slip out from the second pussy. I am kneeling, trying to catch my breath, as I hear the two of them rustling about, getting dressed. First one, then the other, leans close and kissed me deeply. "Please wait until you hear our car start before you open your eyes." They both kiss me deeply, and I feel one reach down and gently stroke my cock one more time; then they are gone.

When I hear their car depart, I open my eyes, and find my suit folded neatly in front of me. I dress, lock up, and head home. It's a tough job, Life-guarding- but someone has to do it.