 This is the third chapter in a story that I started a few weeks ago in the gay category. So yes, there's some bi stuff going on in here. I think this one is pretty hot, but if that's not your cup of tea then feel free to go on past. It's hard to know where to post stuff like this, but it a lot of fun to write, and I only wish that I had friends like these. Enjoy.

*

Since that time a few months ago where Kent and I started messing around, things have been really good. We've figured what each other likes, and we play when we can. We are together a lot since we work together and we will have dinner with our wives at least once a week, so we have to be pretty discreet. But, yeah, about once a week we will find a way to get each other off. It might be a quick suck, or it might be a couple of hours in bed. You just never know.

We have tried all sorts of different things to see what turns us on, and it's been, um, interesting. I tried fucking Kent a couple of times, but it wasn't that good. First, he didn't like it all that much, and I was fine with it but I could take it or leave it. But we both love it when I get to bottom for him. He says my ass is tight and he loves fucking it. God knows I love having him pound away at me.

Kent really does like sucking, though, so sometimes he will suck me off without doing anything else. I love feeling him take my cock down his throat and shooting a load for him. And I love sucking him as well, but if I had to choose I would rather he fuck me. He does shoot his load on my face sometimes, and that is so fucking hot.

One time we met over at his house when our wives were gone for a few hours, and he was wearing panties under his clothes. They were his wife's, and really too small for him, but it was hot to see. And I did love feeling our cocks rub together while he was wearing them. That was really hot.

Neither one of us would think of us as lovers. We really are best friends, but we like to get off together in ways that we can only do with each other. It's not romantic or even that affectionate; it's about sex. I just enjoy Kent and I trust him completely. That helps to make it fun.

I will admit that I do look at other guys now and then in the locker room, but mostly that's just curiosity. I'll see a nice cock and wonder what's it like compared to Kent's. But I wouldn't ever act on anything like that. No interest in that at all.

Last weekend, Eleanor (my wife) and I went over to Kent and Cindy's (his wife) house for dinner. We all had a little too much to drink. We had just gotten some great news about a big client, and we celebrated more than we normally would have. The talk got a little too loose and, well, I somehow dared my wife to kiss Cindy while she felt her tits. Cindy is nice, about 5-8, 140 pounds with long, sexy hard and her tits are at least a C cup. I've fantasized about those tits more than once, but I'd never do anything about it.

My wife looked kind of shocked, and Cindy started blushing. But then they looked at each other and my wife finally said, "Well, what are you two going to do for us?"

I sat up and got very nervous. We were now on very dangerous ground and we had to be careful. I said, "What? Do you want money or something?"

Cindy said, "No, I think it would be funny to make you guys pull your dicks out. What do you say, Eleanor? Do you we should take that bet?" Now Eleanor was blushing, but she agreed. "Yeah, I'll do it if you two will take your pants off and keep them off the rest of the evening."

Kent said, "I don't know, babe, that sounds pretty weird. I don't know how I would feel about seeing Johnny's stuff like that."

Eleanor quickly said, "Oh come on, you've been teammates and buddies since you were wearing diapers. You have probably seen him plenty of times. Come on, Kent, wouldn't you like to see me play with Cindy's sexy boobies?" She reached over and grabbed Cindy's hand.

I looked at Kent and said, "Well, I guess I would do it if you would. But I think that, since we are taking clothes off, you two should take off your shirts and bras. That seems only fair." Kent nodded. "Yeah, that sounds fair."

Eleanor blushed. She was way outside her comfort zone. She's always been very pretty, but she's a little self-conscious about her body. Her tits are big, much bigger than her frame would suggest, and she's very shy about being so big. Eleanor is about 5-4, 120, but she is 34DD. And I love sucking those things any chance I get. My cock was starting to stir, so this might get embarrassing.

I said, "OK, girls, I think we need some fresh air. We aren't really thinking too clearly here." I was thinking that, if I yanked out my stiffening cock, that would not be good. So I tried to change the subject, but the girls were having none of that.

In fact, Eleanor said, "I knew that you would chicken out. Come on, I know you'd like to see Cindy's tits. You're always staring at her when we are swimming. And you, Kent, you almost drool when I'm in a swimsuit. You know you guys want to see us both."

Kent shifted in his seat and he stammered, "Alright, you first girls. Let's see em."

Cindy said, "Oh no, buster, no chance. You will back out if we do that. You need to be the first one to strip. I'll go after you do."

Kent took a deep breath and stood up. "Well, here goes. I can't believe I'm doing this." He started undoing his belt, and while he working on unbuttoning his jeans, he said, "Just the pants, right?"

Cindy said, "Come on Kent, quit stalling. Just take your clothes off, all of them. You know you look good."

So Kent stopped working on his jeans and just pulled shirt over his head. He didn't look at any of us, he just went back to his jeans, unzipping them and sliding them down in one move. He was wearing boxer briefs, and his cock was thickening quickly. I heard him mutter, "I can't believe I'm doing this.", and he yanked him down, his cock getting thicker fast. He was going to be hard really soon, I knew.

Cindy laughed. I just sat there, trying not to stare. Eleanor was staring. Hell, she was almost drooling. Wow, I think if I had just told her to go climb on it, she would have. I don't think she has ever looked at me with that kind of lust. To break the tension, I blurted out, "Damn, Kent, where did you get that thing?"

Kent was blushing by now, and he just sat back down. He didn't try to cover up, he just sat down and kind of leaned back. I guess he figured that he might as well enjoy the attention.

After a few seconds, Kent said, "OK, Cindy, let's see them. Don't leave me out here on my own." Cindy slowly got up and reached for the hem of her shirt. She started pulling it up slowly, teasingly. I was staring now, my fantasy coming true.

Just before she pulled the hem up to her tits, with just the hint of her bra showing, she stopped. "Do I have to get naked too, or can I just go topless?" I couldn't tell if she was hoping we would say that she could be topless, or if she actually wanted to get naked as well.

Kent said, "Go ahead, babe. It's kind of fun to shed everything." And Cindy started pulling her shirt up again. She got it over her head and then the collar got stuck in her hair and she was standing there with her hands in the air, her face covered, and her bra-covered boobs standing proud on her chest. She was sort of jumping around, trying to get the shirt free, and I watched her tits bouncing around as she struggled. But she finally got free and threw the shirt at Kent.

I'll never forget the vision of that rose-colored bra holding those tits. God, now I was drooling. Her hands went behind her back and she unsnapped the bra, then shrugged her shoulders and the bra fell free. Her boobs only sagged the tiniest bit when freed, and her dark nipples were hardening right in front of us. I was trying to burn the image of her tits into my brain.

She didn't waste any time, moving right to her shorts, yanking them down and kicking them away. Her panties were the same color as her bra, bikinis, barely covering her bush and giving the nicest hint of her pussy lips. She yanked those down too, and suddenly she's completely nude. I never thought this would ever happen and with my wife's blessing!

Cindy sat down and said, "OK, Eleanor, your turn. Show us those beautiful boobies."

Eleanor was blushing and breathing hard, and I thought she might have a panic attack. But she reached over, grabbed her wine glass and drank the rest of the wine in one gulp. She stood up and went right to work. Her polo shirt went over her head in a second, and Kent leaned forward to take good look at her tits. They really are wonderful, and she has no idea just how good she looks. She was wearing a white bra with lace trim, and the cups almost completely covered her boobs. Kent was seriously hard now, his big cock starting to leak. I almost licked my lips, thinking about how good that would taste, but I caught myself and turned back to Eleanor. She had her shorts undone now, and grabbed the waistband and slid them off in one movement. In contrast to her modest bra, her panties were the exact opposite. They were also white, but nearly sheer and they were tight against her, her bush puffing out the front. And it was a thong. I didn't even know that she had a thong. Cindy said, "Eleanor, you are absolutely stunning. I had no idea."

Eleanor blushed again, reached behind her back and had her bra off soon after. Before we could really even think, she had bent over and peeled off the panties, kicking them at me. They were wet. Her body was so beautiful, and I couldn't believe what a lucky man I am. She crossed her arms over her tits, but Cindy said, "Oh, don't hide em, babe, they are amazing. I'm almost jealous."

Before she even sat down, I started yanking off my clothes. I wasn't going to make a show of it. I wanted to free my cock as soon as I possibly could. It was so hard that it was aching. i pulled my shirt off as I stood up, then worked my jeans and boxers off in one move. My cock shot out as it was freed, hard and proud. I know I'm not as big as Kent, but it's a nice cock. And it was glistening, the head so taut that it was shining.

Kent was silent. No one said anything, in fact. I think we all realized that we had just crossed a line, and we didn't know how far we would go. I tried not to stare at the others, but we were all quietly lusting and thinking about what we wanted.

And then Kent spoke up. "OK, ladies, remember the deal. It's not enough to strip. Eleanor you were going to feel Cindy up while you two kissed. And I don't want a little peck. I want a hot, passionate kiss with tongues. And you also need to really grope her, don't just touch it and pull back. Come on ladies. I want some action." He laughed, I laughed and nodded agreement.

Kent and Cindy were on the couch, so Kent got up and went over to Eleanor. He held out his hand to her, and he helped her up from her chair. His cock was dangerously close to her body, and I thought she might try to rub against it. I would have. But she didn't, she gave him a shy smile and moved quickly over to the couch and Cindy. Kent sat down in Eleanor's seat and we both gave our full attention to Cindy and Eleanor. Boy, did they have my attention.

I am like any other man, and I have always wanted to see two women together. And having these two women together was something I never even fantasized about because I couldn't imagine it was possible.

Eleanor sat on the edge of the couch, turned towards Cindy, and Cindy turned to Eleanor as well. They were close but not touching, just looking at each other nervously. They finally kind of moved their heads together and their lips met. Gentle kisses at first, but then they got into it. They were making out, and Eleanor reached out to grab Cindy's left boob. Cindy groaned and Eleanor held it in her hand, softly feeling the nipple with her thumb. Cindy reached out for Eleanor's left boob as well. Eleanor's tits are heavier than Cindy's, and so Cindy held it and lifted it up a little bit, but whatever she did seemed to get Eleanor's attention.

They kissed a lot longer than I thought they would, maybe two minutes. But suddenly they pulled apart and Eleanor sat straight up and sat primly, and said, "There, are you happy?"

I looked over at Kent, and he looked at me, and then we turned back to look at the girls. We both suddenly said, "Hell yeah! That was so hot!" Cindy put her arm around Eleanor's shoulder and they moved their shoulders together and cuddled, leaning back into the couch.

Her eyes sparkling, Cindy said, "So boys, we gave you more than you asked for. What do we get now?" Eleanor giggled and said, "Yeah, why don't you guys grab each other's dicks?", and she blushed once again, shocked at what she had just said.

I started shaking my head and said, "Oh hell no. Guys don't do that. No no no!"

But Cindy said, "If you do, we'll give you another show, and you'll like this one even more."

Kent said, "Just touch, nothing else, right?", and Eleanor said, "No, you need to hold it for a while. Not just a quick touch. That wouldn't be worth a show."

Kent said, "Oh hell, it won't kill us. Come on Johnny." And we both stood up and moved over to the couch. I stood in front of Cindy and Kent stood in front of Eleanor, and we held our hands out to them. They took our hands and we helped them up. There was almost an electric shock when our hands touched, and I saw that Cindy felt it as well. She stood, thanked me, and gave me a quick peck on the cheek. Her body was turned away from the others, hiding our bodies, and as she leaned in to kiss me, she grabbed my cock and gave it a little squeeze. God, I wanted to lay her down right here and plant my cock deep into her. I didn't need anything else to get me ready.

As she moved away, I saw Eleanor give Kent a devious smile, and I knew something had just happened with them as well. Kent's cock was very close to her and I assumed that his cock had grazed against her. intentionally or not.

The girls moved to our seats and Kent and I settled down together. For as many times as we have been together, we weren't putting on an act. We were both very nervous right now.

Before I really got completely settled, I felt Kent's hand reaching for my cock. He found it and just held it, so I reached over and got his as well. I didn't move my hand and neither did he. Cindy said, "That's no fun! Stroke em! Let's see you give each other hand jobs!" I started to say no, but Kent started working on me. Fuck, I was already close to cumming, and his hand felt way too good. I responded with an accidental groan and started rubbing him. The girls laughed and applauded as we worked each other over. It did feel amazing to do this in front of them.

After a few seconds, I tapped Kent's arm and he stopped. I stopped stroking as well, and I sort of fell back into the couch, my cock visibly throbbing now. The girls could clearly see that I was close to cumming, and Kent was almost there as well. He was just better at hiding it than I was.

I said, "Happy girls?", and started to get up, but Cindy said, "Not so fast." She looked at Eleanor and said, "Are you ok?" Eleanor nodded and said, "Tell you what. John, I will let you fuck Cindy, right here, right now. And Kent, Cindy will let your fuck me as well. But we want you to do something for us." Cindy looked surprised. I don't think she knew what Eleanor was going to say.

I said, "OK, what do we have to do?" I knew that I would do almost anything she asked at this point. She said, "I want you two to make out just like we did.", and she started giggling. Cindy laughed and said, "Yeah!"

We both started shaking our heads vigorously, saying "No, no, no, no.". I backed away from Kent. And then I heard Kent say, "I'd rather suck him than kiss him." I looked over at him and my jaw dropped. I could not believe what he had just blurted out. I sat up and said, "What the fuck?"

But before he could respond, Cindy said, "Alright, we will let you fuck us sometime if you two will suck each other. Right here, now." Cindy opened her legs towards me and I could see her pussy was soaking wet and engorged. Eleanor said, "Yeah, and you have to swallow it too!"

I wasn't really listening to it all because Cindy had moved her hand down to her pussy, and she was rubbing her clit while I watched. My eyes were staring at her, and I knew that I wanted that pussy more than anything else. But then I heard Kent say, "Johnny? I said, what do you think?"

We both knew the answer but I wanted them to think we were reluctant. I said, "Man, I don't know. This is too fucked up. I don't know." But Cindy had just dipped her finger into her pussy and then sucked it into her mouth, staring into my eyes the whole time.

I finally said, "OK, but you two have to get us hard first. We can fuck some other time, I guess, but I think you should have to help us." Kent said, "Yeah, what do we get?"

Eleanor said, "Kent, you get my hot pussy. Isn't that enough?" I had never heard my wife say anything like that before. But she grabbed her tit and held it out to him. "Don't you want to, baby?"

While Kent sat there, stunned, Cindy got up, motioning to Eleanor to join her. Cindy whispered something in her ear, and Eleanor giggled and nodded. I sat up, wondering what they were going to do. But they didn't say anything, they just came and stood in front of us, Cindy right in front of me, Eleanor with Kent.

And then, wordlessly, Cindy climbed onto my lap, grabbed my cock, and found her pussy. She put it right to her hole and slid down on it, gasping as she took it. I heard Eleanor gasp as well, and I saw her on Kent's lap, working his cock into her dripping pussy.

I grabbed Cindy and pulled her to me. I took her nipple into my mouth and sucked greedily, while I moved my hands down to ass and squeezed the firm flesh. She put her arms over my shoulders and started grinding away at me, soaking my crotch.

I could hear Eleanor making those little squeaks that she makes when she's really turned on close to cumming, so I knew she was enjoying Kent. I also knew that I had about 10 seconds left before I shot a gigantic load into Cindy.

But Cindy felt me stiffen, and she stopped moving and slid off of my lap, then leaned forward and kissed me deeply. She whispered, "I can't wait until we can finish what we started. But first I'm going to have some fun with Eleanor." She stood up and grinned devilishly. I looked over at Eleanor and Kent, and she had also climbed from his lap and was standing now with Cindy. They were holding hands now, smiling broadly. I don't know how they could be so relaxed right now.

Eleanor said, "OK boys, who's gonna suck first? Who wants to taste their wife on another man's cock?" I groaned at that thought, and while I was thinking about it, Kent got up and knelt in front of me. He started to move towards my cock, but Cindy said, "Wait. John, go sit in that chair so that Eleanor and I can have the couch."

So I got up, Kent moved aside and then followed me over to one of the chairs. He was in front of me again, and was going to dive in again, but Eleanor said, "Wait, we can't see. We want to be able to watch you." I grumbled a little bit, but I stood up and then decided that I would just lie down on the floor in front of them. I said, "How's that? Can you see us?"

Eleanor said, "Perfect, thank you.", and she turned to kiss Cindy once again. They went right back at it, making out like high school kids in the back seat of the their dad's car. I could see them groping each other, tits, asses, everything.

But then they stopped to watch as Kent hovered over my cock. He took it in his hand and pointed it straight up, then started licking the head. I groaned and let my best friend have his way with me, and I heard Cindy say, "How do I taste, baby? Can you taste me? His cock felt so damn good. I want him inside me as soon as I can." Kent groaned and buried his face in my crotch, taking all of me in his mouth. I'm sure he didn't mean to do that because most guys can't take that much cock at first, but I really didn't care now. I was so close to cumming. I hurt so much now, and I wanted to give him my load. I moaned, "Kent, I'm cumming.", and he sucked hard on me. I exploded into his mouth, shooting stream after stream down his throat. It felt like I would never stop shooting, and he took it all. I finally came down and he lifted up from me, giving my cock one last kiss.
