 They say lightning doesn't strike twice, but I can honestly say, "sometimes it does." It was a lazy Saturday afternoon. My wife Kara and I had just finished lunch. I was going to hit the gym and then take care of a few errands that needed to be done. Kara, knowing that I tend to lose track of time when I'm out of the house, had invited her friend Michelle over to hang out and have a drink. 

Michelle is a thin brunette with long hair and blue-green eyes. She's a very natural looking girl; I mean that in the best way. She rarely wears makeup, nor does she need to. Michelle is also someone Kara has grown quite close to. In fact a few months ago Michelle had introduced Kara and me to our first and only threesome or, as the French say, "ménage à trois." Since then their friendship has grown from casual pals to full-grown best buddies. 

When Michelle arrived she was wearing a tight-fitting yellow tank top that made her dark tan really stand out. The spaghetti straps of her top cut across her delicate shoulders as her brown hair blew in rhythm with the breeze. 

She knocked lightly on our front door.

"Hey there stranger. Come on in," I said as she peered in through the screen door.

"Hey there yourself," she replied as she opened the door. 

I gave her a friendly kiss and hug.

"Hey hun' Michelle's here," I yelled to Kara as I opened the fridge to offer Michelle a drink.

"I'll take a beer if you've got one," said Michelle.

I cracked open a cold one and handed it to her.

"What? Am I drinking alone?" asked Michelle with a smile as she put down the small shopping bag she was carrying and took a seat at the table.

"No, I'm sure Kara will drink with you, but I'm heading out for a little while," I replied.

"Oh, you're going to let us two ladies get into trouble all by ourselves," said Michelle.

"That's what I was hoping for anyway," I said with a smile.

"Yes, he's going to the gym," Kara said as she entered the room. She was wearing a long green sundress that tied behind her neck. "Then he's going God knows where. He always does this and leaves me alone for hours," she said.

"You know you would leave me Kara if I didn't have this rock hard body," I jokingly replied.

Kara opened the fridge and took out a bottle of chardonnay. She poured herself a glass. "Well, this time at least I have company," she said as she raised her glass toward Michelle. 

"Yes, we'll have some girl time while he goes and does his manly things," said Michelle.

"This will be nice for you girls," I said. "You can paint each other's toenails and give each other manicures."

"Whatever!" cried Kara with a playful frown on her face. "I can assure you we'll have more fun than you."

"I'll try not to be too long honey," I said. "Just the gym and a few errands, I promise." I kissed Kara goodbye and headed for the door.

"Try not to get lost," Michelle replied as I opened the front door.

"I'll try," I yelled back as I jogged to my car.

The drive into town took about ten minutes. I pulled into the gym's parking lot, headed past the front desk, and made it all the way to my locker before I realized I had left my gym bag at home. 

"I'm such an ass," I thought to myself. I guess I was so involved in conversation it totally slipped my mind to grab my gym bag. I even remembered exactly where I left it, on the counter next to the fridge. I put it down when I opened Michelle's beer and I guess I never picked it back up.

Embarrassed I headed out of the gym and back to my car. I drove quickly out of town and back to my house. I figured if I were quiet enough the girls wouldn't hear me and I could save myself some embarrassment.

I pulled up in front of the house and quietly walked across the lawn to the front door. I pushed against the door, but to my surprise it was locked. 

"That's weird," I thought. I knew I had left the door open when I left, but then again, sometimes Kara locks it when she's home alone. 

Trying to be as stealth as possible, I took out my key and gently turned it. I heard the door unlock. I pushed the door open a crack and peered inside. The coast was clear so I tiptoed through the foyer and stopped at the kitchen. Thankfully the girls weren't there either. There was a half-empty bottle of wine on the table. 

"Man, those girls like to drink," I thought. 

I saw my gym bag exactly where I thought it would be. "I'll just grab it quickly and they'll never know I was here," I said to myself.

I took two giant steps into the kitchen and reached for my bag. I grabbed it with two hands and turned to leave, but just then I thought I heard a soft moan coming from the other room. I tried to convince myself I hadn't heard it. With all the willpower I could muster, I turned again to leave, but this time I heard a deep sigh. My curiosity got the better of me and I decided to investigate.

I walked through the kitchen. The sounds were louder now. I peered around the corner into the den. This room was also empty. The sounds could only be coming from one place now, the bedroom. A million thoughts raced through my head. I had to see what was going on in that room. 

The door to the bedroom was half-open. I slowly walked across the den.

I could hear my wife's voice moaning, "Oh God, Michelle."

As I peaked into the room I saw Kara and Michelle standing face to face on the other side of the bed. Their arms were wrapped around each other. My wife's back was to the doorway and I could see that Michelle's lips were gently kissing her neck. Kara's hands rested on Michelle's waist. Michelle teasingly kissed Kara's breasts through her dress. Her lips slowly pressed against my wife's dress first at each breast, then slowly to her stomach. Michelle kneeled and pressed her mouth against Kara's dress. Only a thin layer of fabric lay between her lips and Kara's pussy.

"Oohh," Kara sighed letting the sound escape from her lips.

Slowly Michelle stood up making her way back up my wife's body. She kissed Kara's chest, then up her neck. She gently bit her chin and then kissed her on the mouth. Their lips and tongues caressed. 

Slowly Michelle reached behind Kara's neck and untied her dress. It fell to the floor. Kara stood there naked. Then it was Kara's turn. With both her hands she untied the spaghetti straps on Michelle's shoulders and gently pulled her shirt over her head. Using her foot, Kara stepped on Michelle's long flowing skirt and it slowly fell to the floor.

I stood there in awe of the sight before me. Aroused beyond belief as I watched from the other room. Their tan thin bodies were now only inches apart. Michelle pulled Kara closer to her and their bodies touched. Their breasts gently pushing up against the others; their flat stomachs meeting one another, and finally their lips once again sharing a kiss.

Michelle's tongue gently traced its way along Kara's jaw line and down her neck. Slowly Michelle made her way down my wife's body. She paused at Kara's breast. Her tongue gently circled each of Kara's nipples. 

"Ohhhhhh Michelle," sighed my wife as she placed her hands on each side of Michelle's face.

Michelle moved further down Kara's tan body. Her lips and tongue unleashing kisses on Kara firm stomach. Teasingly Michelle's teeth bit Kara on the hip.

"Oh God," Kara moaned.

Michelle was now kneeling in front of my wife. She kissed the shaved area just above Kara's pussy and Kara, unable to stand anymore, slowly lowered herself to the bed. 

From my vantage point I could only imagine what was about to happen, but from the sounds of my wife's moans I could guess that Michelle was still at work. Kara placed both her hands on the bed and braced herself. I could see Michelle's brown hair nestled between Kara's legs as Kara arched her back in ecstasy.

"Oh God!" my wife moaned breathlessly.

Michelle rose from her kneeling position and pushed Kara further onto the bed. Kara laid back and bent her knees; her legs still invitingly spread open. Michelle moved forward onto the bed like a cat surveying its prey. She lowered her head; her tongue traced its way up Kara's inner thigh and found it's way back to Kara's dripping wet pussy.

"You taste so good," Michelle whispered as she lapped at Kara's wet lips.

Kara moaned again as Michelle's tongue entered her pussy and her lips wrapped around her clit. Michelle's tongue was now flitting back and forth across Kara's clit.

"Oh fuck! I wanna cum!" screamed Kara pushing her hips forward.

Michelle's hands were now on Kara's ass pulling Kara's pussy closer to her mouth. Kara rolled her hips, grinding her clit against Michelle's mouth.

"Oh God yes!" she screamed.

Michelle lowered two fingers down onto Kara's clit and began to rub it up and down. Her tongue again returned to Kara's dripping wet pussy.

"Oh, Oh!" Kara moaned.

Kara's moans only seemed to invigorate Michelle as her hand moved faster across my wife's clit.

"Oh God!" Kara screamed. "Yes! Yes! Yes!"

And with her final yes Kara's pussy showered Michelle with her juices.

Michelle drank up every last drop of Kara's nectar. She slowly crawled up Kara's body and kissed her on the mouth. "Mmmm, you taste so sweet," Michelle moaned. 

They gently kissed for a moment, lying side by side now, Kara still recovering from her orgasm. 

I stood silently peering in from the den having lost myself in the moment. Observing these two beautiful women make love had caused my dick to strain against my pants. The two women whispered something to each other and then turned their heads toward the door.

"Why hello there," Kara said with a sly smile. 

"Uh, hi," I awkwardly replied. "I forgot my ...," my voice trailed off.

"Did you find what you were looking for?" Kara asked.

"Um ...," I was speechless, dumbfounded. 

"Well are you just going to stand there and watch the show, or are you going to join us?" Michelle said with a smile.

"I didn't want to intrude," I said as I took them up on their invitation. I walked into the bedroom and quickly took off my pants. Kara rose from the bed to meet me.

"I need you inside me," she whispered as she pulled my shirt off and laid me on the bed. 

Michelle took a position above my head and as Kara passionately kissed my chest, Michelle's tongue gently glided up my neck. She paused at my jaw-line and used her teeth to nibble at the crook of my jaw. 

Meanwhile Kara was voracious. Her lips and tongue moved rapidly down my torso and bit me on my hip. She pulled her hips up to straddle me. Then gently grasped her hands around my dick and rubbed its shaft up and down her dripping wet pussy.

"Oh fuck me Joe," she groaned.

She moved her hips further up and pushed my cock deep inside her. 

I let out a low growl as my dick filled her pussy. Kara's head rolled back as she paused to enjoy the feeling.

I placed one hand on Kara's hip. Michelle was still kneeling above my head. I reached back and placed my other hand on Michelle's waist, gently pulling her forward. Michelle moved forward and straddled my head.

Throughout all that had happened Michelle had yet to be touched and I guess all of this action had gotten her quite aroused. Her pussy was practically dripping wet. My tongue reached forward and slid up her slit, lapping her pussy juice.

"Oh yes," Michelle moaned. 

I placed both hands on her hips and pulled her pussy closer to me. My lips and tongue drank in her wetness.

"Oh Joe," she moaned louder.

Kara meanwhile sat still. My cock still fully entrenched within her. She reached forward and kissed Michelle on the lips. Their tongues flittered inside each other's mouth. Kara placed both her hands on my hips and began to rock her hips first slowly in a very rhythmic motion. My cock slid almost entirely out of her and then she would rock her hips so that I would fill her up again. 

"Oh yes, Joe. Fuck me," she moaned and with that she quickened her pace. Her hips moved rapidly up and down on my cock. She became like an animal.

I wasn't sure how much more I could take of this. I pulled Michelle's hips closer to me. My tongue traced its way up her pussy and I wrapped my lips around her aroused clit. Her hips bucked forward for a second, "Oh God!"

She grinded her clit against my lips. "I wanna cum, make me cum," she gasped.

I sucked on her clit with my lips as my tongue danced back and forth across it -- putting more and more pressure on it.

"Oh fuck John, I'm going to explode," she screamed.

That was almost all I could take. I pulled Kara's hips toward me driving my cock deep into my wife's pussy as I exploded inside her.

"Oh yes," Kara moaned her back arching backwards in exhaustion.

Meanwhile Michelle was nearing her own moment of ecstasy. She rolled her hips and grinded her clit against my lips. Her legs spread further apart and I felt her pussy open wide. My tongue wrapped around her clit inside my mouth.

"Ohhh," she groaned and her body shivered as her pussy exploded. Her juices showered my mouth as I lapped up all that I could. Tasting every last drop.

Her body collapsed down on my chest.

My face dripping wet, I gently rolled Michelle off me. 

"Oh, God Joe," she sighed as she lay on her back enjoying the afterglow. Kara, somewhat recovered now, curled up next to me as the three of us laid there motionless, simply enjoying our mutual bliss.

I'm not sure at what point or for how long we fell asleep for, but I awoke to the low humming sound of a vibrator. I looked at Kara still lying next to me, but she was sound asleep. I rolled onto my side and saw Michelle sitting up with her back against the headboard. She held a half-empty glass of wine in one hand and was gently rubbing the shaft of the vibrator up and down her upper thigh.

"Well, I guess somebody is getting back into the mood," I said smiling.

Michelle laughed a sexy laugh and smiled back at me.

"That girl has a drive that's insatiable," I heard Kara say as she propped herself up on her elbows. 

"And she finished off that bottle of wine. I'll open another one. Maybe that will get me back in the mood as well," she said as she left the room to retrieve another bottle.

On her way out she paused next to Michelle and whispered, "I'll grab that present you bought me as well."

Michelle giggled and handed her glass to me. I swallowed the last of the wine and placed the glass on the night table. Michelle lay down and curled herself next to me in a spooning position. I wrapped an arm around her and she pushed her ass up against my cock. A low growl escaped my mouth and Michelle pushed back harder against me.

Kara had reentered the room, glass full of wine in one hand and a twin shaped dildo in the other. She took a gulp of chardonnay and lay next to Michelle on the bed. Michelle's hand traced a circle around Kara's tan stomach and then ran it down to her pussy. Kara moaned and took another sip from her glass. Michelle pushed back harder against my cock and I reached my fingers toward her moist slit.

"Oh, Joe," she moaned as my cock rested in the crack of her tight little ass. 

Kara had now inserted one end of her dildo into her pussy. Michelle reached her arm behind me and onto the small of my back. Rising up from the bed, but making sure I stayed behind her, she slid between Kara's legs and allowed the other end of the dildo to slip into her now dripping wet slit. A slight moan escaped both of their lips and Michelle placed her hand on my hip gently guiding me into position behind her.

My chest rested on Michelle's back as my cock pushed up against her tan ass. I reached for a tube of K-Y laying on the nightstand and drained it over the crack of her ass. With one hand I smeared it over my shaft and gently began pushing my cock into her ass. Michelle moved her hips forward.

"Oh God yes!" Kara moaned as Michelle pushed up against her, their shared dildo penetrating each other's pussy. Michelle slowly pushed back against me and I allowed the head of my cock to enter her ass.

"Ohhhh," Michelle moaned. It wasn't a moan of pure ecstasy, but more of a mix of pleasure and curiosity. She pushed back a little more and my cock slowly disappeared inside her. 

"Mmmm," she sighed and I understood that she was okay.

Her ass was so tight; I slowly pushed myself deeper into her.

"Oh God," I grunted and Michelle pushed deeper into Kara.

I pumped my cock slowly and gently into Michelle's waiting ass, each push from me creating a chain reaction of pleasure as the girls' penetrated each other. Kara raised her hips to take the dildo deeper into her and push the other end further into Michelle.

"Oh yes, fuck me Kara," Michelle moaned as she moved her hips rapidly up and down the shaft of the plastic cock, each motion sending my cock deeper into her ass.

"Fuck yes!" she screamed as my dick and her dildo penetrated her from both sides.

Kara met our pleasure with pleasure of her own -- every one of my pumps sending both women further toward ecstasy.

I grabbed Michelle by the hips and pumped my cock into her one last time, emptying it in her ass. She leaned forward to take all of Kara's dildo into her, filling the two of them up with it.

"Oh, yes!" Michelle yelled as her ecstasy peaked and trailed off into moans.

"God!" Kara exhaled and pulled Michelle against her chest, holding her there for a moment, her eyes closed, her lips parted.

I rolled onto my side, once again not believing what we had just done. I placed my arm under my wife's head and held her close as the three of us drifted off into a dazed euphoria.