 My face dripping wet, I gently rolled Michelle off me. 

"Oh, God Joe," she sighed as she lay on her back enjoying the afterglow. Kara, somewhat recovered now, curled up next to me as the three of us laid there motionless, simply enjoying our mutual bliss.

I'm not sure at what point or for how long we fell asleep for, but I awoke to the low humming sound of a vibrator. I looked at Kara still lying next to me, but she was sound asleep. I rolled onto my side and saw Michelle sitting up with her back against the headboard. She held a half-empty glass of wine in one hand and was gently rubbing the shaft of the vibrator up and down her upper thigh.

"Well, I guess somebody is getting back into the mood," I said smiling.

Michelle laughed a sexy laugh and smiled back at me.

"That girl has a drive that's insatiable," I heard Kara say as she propped herself up on her elbows. 

"And she finished off that bottle of wine. I'll open another one. Maybe that will get me back in the mood as well," she said as she left the room to retrieve another bottle.

On her way out she paused next to Michelle and whispered, "I'll grab that present you bought me as well."

Michelle giggled and handed her glass to me. I swallowed the last of the wine and placed the glass on the night table. Michelle lay down and curled herself next to me in a spooning position. I wrapped an arm around her and she pushed her ass up against my cock. A low growl escaped my mouth and Michelle pushed back harder against me.

Kara had reentered the room, glass full of wine in one hand and a twin shaped dildo in the other. She took a gulp of chardonnay and lay next to Michelle on the bed. Michelle's hand traced a circle around Kara's tan stomach and then ran it down to her pussy. Kara moaned and took another sip from her glass. Michelle pushed back harder against my cock and I reached my fingers toward her moist slit.

"Oh, Joe," she moaned as my cock rested in the crack of her tight little ass. 

Kara had now inserted one end of her dildo into her pussy. Michelle reached her arm behind me and onto the small of my back. Rising up from the bed, but making sure I stayed behind her, she slid between Kara's legs and allowed the other end of the dildo to slip into her now dripping wet slit. A slight moan escaped both of their lips and Michelle placed her hand on my hip gently guiding me into position behind her.

My chest rested on Michelle's back as my cock pushed up against her tan ass. I reached for a tube of K-Y laying on the nightstand and drained it over the crack of her ass. With one hand I smeared it over my shaft and gently began pushing my cock into her ass. Michelle moved her hips forward.

"Oh God yes!" Kara moaned as Michelle pushed up against her, their shared dildo penetrating each other's pussy. Michelle slowly pushed back against me and I allowed the head of my cock to enter her ass.

"Ohhhh," Michelle moaned. It wasn't a moan of pure ecstasy, but more of a mix of pleasure and curiosity. She pushed back a little more and my cock slowly disappeared inside her. 

"Mmmm," she sighed and I understood that she was okay.

Her ass was so tight; I slowly pushed myself deeper into her.

"Oh God," I grunted and Michelle pushed deeper into Kara.

I pumped my cock slowly and gently into Michelle's waiting ass, each push from me creating a chain reaction of pleasure as the girls' penetrated each other. Kara raised her hips to take the dildo deeper into her and push the other end further into Michelle.

"Oh yes, fuck me Kara," Michelle moaned as she moved her hips rapidly up and down the shaft of the plastic cock, each motion sending my cock deeper into her ass.

"Fuck yes!" she screamed as my dick and her dildo penetrated her from both sides.

Kara met our pleasure with pleasure of her own – every one of my pumps sending both women further toward ecstasy.

I grabbed Michelle by the hips and pumped my cock into her one last time, emptying it in her ass. She leaned forward to take all of Kara's dildo into her, filling the two of them up with it.

"Oh, yes!" Michelle yelled as her ecstasy peaked and trailed off into moans.

"God!" Kara exhaled and pulled Michelle against her chest, holding her there for a moment, her eyes closed, her lips parted.

I rolled onto my side, once again not believing what we had just done. I placed my arm under my wife's head and held her close as the three of us drifted off into a dazed euphoria.