 She had just returned, not too long ago, from a sexy and pleasurable escapade with her lover. They had known one another for years and played when he visited on business. He brought out the lioness which lied dormant in her for too long. Their time together brought her enormous happiness and pleasures which before him were only fantasies. This time they met she went farther from home than usual. Her travels were rewarded with the most succulent and sinful of moments.

When she arrived, he met her at the airport and brought her back to his hotel. Whilst they unloaded the car of her bags he took her by surprise, pushed her into the car, undressed her and made love to her right in the middle of the hotel parking lot. It was fantastic feeling him inside her after such a long time apart. The cool night air felt amasing as it brushed along their naked flesh beneath the night stars. They spent the next few days together engaging in deliciously libidinous pleasures only to be cut short by a business obligation he had half way around the world. She, however, returned to the monotony of her everyday life filled with domestic obligations and professional responsibilities. She had a family and was a successful doctour in an Emergency room which made her free time scarce.

Alas, the wicked girl he unleashed usually remained disguised under an innocent facade. Everything about her outward appearance and mannerisms seemed to be conservative and docile. The reality was that beneath this exterior was a was a feisty tigress always on the hunt for the right time to pounce on a wicked and worthy playmate. She had begun to feel slightly antsy when, Jeff, a sexy and outwardly joker-like medic began flirting with her. At first it was just fun but after some time, it started to arouse her. She started thinking about what it would be like to fuck him and the potential fun they could have. 

The private banter continued until one evening on her way home, after the streets were deserted, she heard his voice call out to her. She turned around to see Jeff standing by the door to his ambulance. He stood tall under the dark night, his eyes shimmered and his face wore a mischievous grin. "Slow night doc?? Wanna go for a drink?" he asked. 

She glanced at her watch and returned his stare. Her interest was piqued and she was drawn to the possibilities and to him. "Sure" she said coyly, "love to."

They made small talk as he drove for what seemed like an eternity. Finally they stopped in a dark lot under a tree. Slightly confused she asked him, "where is the bar?" He looked at her smiling but then, saying nothing, he got out, closed his door and walked away. She sat still for a moment, listening to his feet crunch on the gravel but then complete silence ensued. 

"Jeff??.....Jeff??" she called but no answer. 

Tentatively and slightly annoyed, she got out of the rig and began looking for him. As she searched, he took her by complete surprise when he came behind her and grabbed her, bringing her close to him so that he faced her back. His mouth so close that she could feel his warm breath on her neck. Her heart pounded and raced beneath her skin and she felt a cold sweat cover her brow. "Mmmm, you smell so good. Have you ever seen the back of an ambulance?" he whispered into her ear. She smiled after recovering from her initial fright and let out a soft moan in agreement.

He pushed her forward into the back of his rig and closed the door. "Need a little 'resuscitation' doc??" Jeff asked before kissing her neck hard. His hands trailed up her torso, finding their way under her sweater onto her sexy breasts rubbing them firmly. She could feel his bulging erection from beneath his uniform pushing hard into her from behind. Instinctively she reached behind her and grabbed him making him moan. He twirled her around hard and pushed her onto the stretcher. He grabbed the hems of her skirt and lifted the material gruffly up her thighs as his lips found their way up her sweater. Frantically, she lifted the material over her head as her hips beckoned him on top of her. 

"Fuck me and fuck me hard" she moaned breathlessly as she unbuttoned his pants and pushed them down his thighs. Jeff continued biting her nipples and grabbing at her breasts with one hand as he pushed her panties aside with the other and slide inside her with one slick thrust. The feeling of his thick cock delving into her made her moan and pant heavily. Her hips rocked into his with every thrust of his cock. 

One hand held him around his neck for support as the other reached for her soaking wet clit, rubbing in a steady and circular motion as he continued fucking her. She moaned and coed each time his hips came crashing down on hers. She stopped rubbing her clit and offered him her fingers so he could taste the sweet pussy juices which coated them. He sucked on her fingers till they were clean as he held her down to the stretcher. 

She could feel him get harder and his balls stiffen and knew he was close. She moaned out for him to stop. "Fuck me from behind" she pleaded. He smiled devilishly and granted her this request. Frantically, she got onto all fours. She felt his heat from behind her as her fingered her soaking pussy. It wasn't long until he ripped her panties from her waste and slid back inside her. He grabbed onto her luscious ass and pounded her. She felt fantastic. His cock felt glorious buried to the hilt inside her wetness. In the heat of the pleasure she thought she was hallucinating when she heard a knocking sound.

But there it was again, the distinct knocking on the cool metal door. She stopped him. "What, who the hell is that?" she asked slightly nervous but mostly flustered. 

'He moaned. Why did he just moan' she wondered to herself. He slid out of her wetness and slapped her ass. She tried to cover up as much as possible as he pulled up his boxers and opened the door casually.

"Hey buddy, just in time" Jeff laughed. She was dumbfounded. It was his partner, Jake, with whom she had never really spoken but secretly lusted after. How did Jeff know? She had seen a picture of him, sweaty but cool and it made her hot with wicked desire.

He stepped into the back and they closed the door. She just sat there, her pussy soaked, legs parted, breasts bare, skin drenched. Jake leaned over, took off his coat and ran his hand over her smooth breasts as he spoke to her, gently, in a sexy tone: "you look scrumptious sweetie; I can't wait till it's my turn". 

She was paralysed. She had no clue what was going on. She began to wonder if this was just a dream and almost asked one of the medics to pinch her to be sure.

But before she had a chance Jeff had coaxed her onto her back, spread her thighs and was fucking her again as Jake stood at the head of the stretcher unbuttoning his pants exposing his exquisitely naked flesh, so hard and long. "Now let's see if this lovely Doc knows how to suck a cock as well as she seems to fuck", Jake said to Jeff. Before she could agree, Jake was running his cock across her sweet red lips. Again, and as if by instinct, she opened her mouth and took him down her throat as far as he could go as she moaned out. 

"Mmmm good girl, Doc!", Jake said as he fucked her mouth. "Mmmm, it seems the doctor can suck cock perhaps even better than she does her day job" he teased. She ran her hand over his smooth shaft and rubbed his full balls as he continued sliding in and out of her mouth eagerly. She could taste his sweet, warm cum begin to drip steadily down her throat. She was overwrought with the enormous pleasure of taking them both. She started to quiver and shake. Her cunt began to spasm around Jeff. "Good girl" Jeff coed. "Cum on my cock baby", he said encouraging her. 

Jeff moaned heavily as he felt her pussy tighten and spasm and fought the urge to cum at that moment. As if to help, reading Jeff well, Jake announced, it was his turn. Jeff grabbed her breast and pumped into her one last time before switching with his partner.

She looked into Jake's eyes with a raging desire and lust and demanded, "I want your sweet cock inside of me". "My wish is your pleasure, Doc" he said, coolly, as he slide himself deep inside of her. "O god her pussy feels even better than her sweet mouth" he moaned loudly as he began to thrust his pelvis into hers. He pounded her hard, grunting with lust as Jeff watched and composed himself.

She moaned and cried with passion as Jake fucked her with his enormous strength. She tried to sit up; wanting, nay, needing to see him slide in and out of her but Jeff had other ideas in mind for her. He grabbed her shoulders and held her firmly to the bed. "Lick me clean doc" Jeff demanded. "Mmmmm with pleasure!" she replied enthusiastically before taking his cock in her mouth, sucking him eagerly of her juices. She sucked his cock with fierce determination and lust. 

The sensations of her wet mouth and silky tongue slithering along his shaft combined with the exquisite site of his buddy fucking her pushed him over the edge. He could feel the cum building in his balls all night finally pulsate out the tip of his cock. Earnestly, she swallowed every drop of his cum. "Mmmmm, good girl, take that cum baby" Jake grunted as he held her by the neck and in place as he continued fucking her.

Jeff spasmed and twitched as he pumped the last drops of his seed into her mouth. She licked her lips as their eyes met, savouring every drop of him. He leaned over licked her tongue.

Jake, still fucking this amasing woman, knew he was getting close. He pulled her by her hair and beckoned her onto her knees. As quick as she was onto all fours for him he was back inside of her, pounding her and slapping her ass. He grabbed her hair and fucked her in wild abandon. She took him, moaning and crying out for him to fill her with cum. "You want my cum Doc?" he asked rhetorically. He pulled her by the hair closer and stronger, and pounded her pussy one last time. He could feel the intensity of the orgasm overtake him like a tidal wave. He could feel his seed projectile deep within her and cried out with delicious pleasure.

She was still twitching from all the pleasures these two hotties had given her when Jake maneuvered himself around and said, "I can't go home like this, lick me clean". She grabbed his still semi erect cock now covered in both their juices and licked his cock and balls till their was not a drop of cum left. 

They were all spent from an intense night together and it was very late. Somehow, in such a cramped space they all managed to get dressed and put themselves back together. Both medics were finished donning their uniforms and stepped outside relishing the cool night air. Helping her out of the back, Jake gave her a wet kiss and thanked her for the wonderful evening. He got into his car and drove away. 

Jeff kissed her and cracked some joke about the night's event making her giggle. Looking at the time she asked him to drive her back to her car as she needed to get home. "Thank you for a very memorable night" she said to him as she walked to her car. Quickly she got into her car and drove home, spent, but VERY satisfied.