 It was winter, about 9PM, and I was in my living room watching football and eating ice cream when I heard the telltale sound of keys jingling and footsteps in the hall. I leaped to my feet as my heart rate spiked -- my sexy neighbor was home! I ran to my door to shove my eye into the peep hole.

Okay here's the deal: I am not a stalker, I swear, but I can't help but watch my neighbor whenever possible. He's utterly mouth-wateringly gorgeous. He has dark almost black hair and light blue eyes. I'm fairly sure that he's around 21 or 22, like me, and I also know he's a college student and is in a band. I know this because every now and then I get his mail from the university by mistake and have to slide it under his door, and on Friday nights or Sunday afternoons sometimes I can hear him singing or playing acoustic guitar in his apartment. And let me tell you -- it sounds awesome!

Oh, my neighbor is so sexy. He's 6'1 and slender but not skinny. More like solid and toned. His walk has swagger and I love the way his jeans fit his ass so right. His name is Colin, if you were wondering. Sexy name for a sexy guy.

He's a night owl, and he's always going out to smoke outside in the middle of the night. I don't approve of the smoking but I find it reckless and hot just the same. I like to peep out of my peephole and watch him coming and going sometimes, because I can't properly perv over him in person. When he's right in front of me I have to smile and say my chipper little "hi!" like a normal person who is just thinking about being friendly, not currently fantasizing about sitting on his face and coating it in my pussy juice. I can't gasp and drool and shake my head, bite my pinky and groan, wondering why he is so mind-bogglingly hot and whether that level of hotness should even be legal in the US and minor outlying islands.

Why don't I just talk to him or ask him out, you ask? Well, because he clearly has a "type." All the girls he dates are the same -- short diminutive large-breasted blonde groupie types with super long hair, annoying high pitched giggles, skin tight dresses, french manicures, monster heels and perfume that lingers in the hallway for hours, reeking of sugar and desperation. I am not that type of girl. I am really more the mellow type who is not exactly a tomboy but does enjoy some strange things for a girl, like the aforementioned football, plus comic books, sci-fi movies, and video games. I don't get all trussed up like a thanksgiving turkey every time I leave the house. Most of the time I am content to go around in jeans and t-shirts, but I do know how to dress up sexy for dates, thank you very much.

As for looks, I have thick curly super dark hair, full pouty lips, small but perky B-cup breasts, a flat toned tummy, long long legs (which figures since I'm 5'10), honey brown skin and a round firm and curvy ass. I know there are a lot of guys out there who deeply appreciate a girl like me, so that's why I don't exactly cry over my inability to turn my neighbor's head no matter what I wear, what lip gloss I apply, or how many times I sneakily bend over to tie my shoe when he is nearby. But still, I wished...

So there I was, peeping out into the hallway. I saw Colin at his door and he had a friend with him. This friend was not the usual groupie. It was a guy -- tall, dirty blond and very well built from what I could tell. They were both carrying boxes. Strange. Was he moving in? Dear God, the hottie has a hot new roommate! Not hard to believe, but damn, wasn't one enough? I had to get a better look. I decided to "do some laundry" so I scooped up my laundry basket, even though it only had a bare minimum of items in it. Then I headed out of my apartment, trying to look inconspicuous.

The door to 4J across the hall was open and boxes were lined up along the hall with some other smaller furniture items. He was definitely getting a new roommate! Just then a head poked out of the doorway, and I was met with jade green eyes.

"Hi," the guy said, in a deep smooth tone that made my panties instantly go wet.

"Uhh..." I breathed out. Finding no words as I stood there marveling at his handsome chiseled face, I raised my hand and waved - probably like a dork.

Blondie with the strong manly jaw and the lush kissable lips smiled then, revealing perfect white teeth and dimples in both cheeks.

Okay, things around here were just getting ri-goddamn-diculous! Dimples, too?!

"Hey, Kendall, help me move this!" Colin called from inside.

Kendall glanced behind himself then back at me. "See ya," he said, and winked at me before disappearing inside.

I let out a squeak and practically floated to the elevator on a fluffy cloud of love, pushing the button for the basement. Kendall. What a dreamy guy.

All while I stuffed my laundry into the washer I kept asking myself how this could happen. The two of them living in the same apartment? It was sexiness overload! I wondered if they'd walk around in their boxers? Or with their shirts off? I wondered what it would be like if I lived there with them. I had all sorts of perverted Three's Company fantasies as I drifted back to my apartment in a lustful daze. I imagined myself sitting between them on the sofa as we watched movies. And then I started to feel them up. I imagined them waking up in the morning and coming into the kitchen to find me cooking breakfast. And then they started to feel me up. Every scenario I came up with led to intimate fondling and then dirty dirty sex.

I noted that I was feeling really horny at the moment. I supposed it had been awhile since I'd been satisfied. Maybe I should just go out and get laid? I wondered, as I went into my apartment and locked the door. Yeah, I could get all sexified and go to the bar next door for a beer and to scope for some talent. Orrrr...I could always just save myself the trouble and try out that new vibrator I picked up last weekend? The lazy route won out in the end, mostly because it was super cold and snowy outside. Also, I knew there would be no guys at the bar as hot as Colin and Kendall. There would probably just be desperate drunk guys who'd annoy me and follow me around all night slurring such gems as "how tall are YOU, sexy?!" and "I like tall womens!" Ugh.

Going into the top of my closet I took out the 8-inch realistic flesh-colored cock I'd purchased for a pretty penny at the adult store right down the street. I ran my fingers along the soft fibers. Not exactly like the real thing but close enough to send me into orbit for five minutes at least.

Feeling the excitement that the prospect of an orgasm always instilled in me, my pussy moistened and twinged as I stripped off my clothes and tossed myself on my bed. There was no way I'd get that monster into my tight pussy without lube, so I grabbed some from my top drawer. Then I stretched across my bed, spread my legs and began to rub my clit. I sighed and licked my lips as I circled my clit with my finger, tapping on it lightly as I thought of the guys next door. In my fantasy I was kneeling between them both sucking their cocks one at a time. And then trying to fit both their cocks into my mouth at the same time.

When I was so horny I was literally squirming on the bed, I grabbed the toy, applied some lube and began to slide and thrust it inch by inch into my hungry cunt. Oh God it felt fantastic. The toy was stretching my pussy and rubbing against all my sensitive spots as I fucked myself with it. I turned on the vibrate function and my pussy began to tingle madly. I stifled a scream as I orgasmed hard and fast, bucking my hips as the sensation tore through me unbridled. I sighed, catching my breath and sliding the toy out of me. I was satisfied, but in a way I wasn't. I wanted more. I wanted something else. It was always like this with me and toys. They were great, but the whole thing was just over too soon. And one orgasm only made me want another. And another.

I had to face it, I was insatiable.

What I needed was a lover. A skilled, hung lover with stamina who could pound me again and again until I couldn't stand it anymore. That worried me just a bit, though, considering my current lack of a boyfriend.

'Well, I could always just masturbate again,' I thought, considering my toy. Then I realized if I was going to do that I should really go put my clothes in the dryer first. That way I wouldn't be tying up a washer so the other residents couldn't use it.

I didn't want to put on a bunch of clothes when I was only going to take them off anyways, so I threw on a pink knit dress and some ballerina flats that just easily slipped on. Then I hurried downstairs. I took the elevator down to the basement, trying to ignore the fact that my pussy felt oddly hot and creamy after my little session, and it just didn't seem right to be going around outside my apartment like that. It didn't matter, though, I'd be back upstairs in a flash.

I headed down the hall past the maintenance room, boiler room, and that unmarked room that I always wondered about and slightly feared, thanks to my overactive imagination. But seriously...what was in there? I knew it was likely just a general purpose office for the maintenance man or something, but my mind conjured up all sorts of possibilities. I mean, what if I went in there looking for the maintenance guy one day and there were zombies in there or something? Or rows and rows of creepy evil mannequin people with eerie glowing eyes?! That would be horrifying!

Reminding myself that zombies aren't real (but wouldn't it be cool if they were?) I headed into the laundry room and opened the washer, reaching in to grab my clothes. That was when all the lights went off and the machines powered off with a dying mechanical whine, leaving me in a dark and silent expanse of black nothingness.

'Oh fuck!' I thought, my heart starting to race. It was pitch black in there and I wasn't sure how to get out. Even if I did get out, how would I find my way to the stairs, since the elevator was no doubt off, too?

'Now would be a good time for the creepy mannequin people to come marching out of that unmarked room and KILL ME!' I thought, panicking. 'They probably engineered this all along! They've just been waiting, I know it!'

I had to grab a hold of myself and remind myself that this was just a power outage, not attack of the creepy imaginary mannequin people. Still, I had never enjoyed the dark and I wasn't enjoying it now, that was for sure. We lived in a fairly large building so our laundry room was big. Now all of that space was shrouded in darkness, all I could make out was shapes of dark things looming in even more shadowy darkness. I started to hurry toward where I thought the door must be and I bumped into a table.

"Ow!" I yelped as it banged into my hip painfully.

I kept going. I bumped into a machine, stubbing my toe.

Goddammit! Curse being directionally-challenged!

The door was here somewhere, I just had to find it! I kept trying, slowly, walking around any obstacles I met. I forced myself not to run and panic, even though I had probably never been this afraid in my life. Being stuck down there in the basement in the dark alone was horrific for me. I could practically feel the darkness weighing upon me, threateningly, raising the hairs on the back of my neck. My heart was pounding so hard it felt like it was making its way up and into my throat. Still, I managed to make it out of the laundry room and into the hall, but now I had to get to the stairway. I walked along slowly, feeling my way along with a shaky hand, coming upon door after door. I heard a muffled swishing noise behind me and I froze.

What was that?

When I didn't hear anything for a moment I kept going. Then I heard another noise nearby. A grinding clicking sound. I froze. What was that? Muffled swishing noise again. Wasn't it getting closer?

Okay I can't do this. I can't. Oh dear sweet baby Jesus! If you can deliver me from this dark and fiendish hell, I swear I will be good from now on! I won't come out of my apartment without underwear, I won't spy on my gorgeous neighbors, and I won't secretly make fun in my mind of that one chick at work with the giant hairy mole right under her eye! I mean it's right by her eye -- every time I look at her it makes my eyes water! Um, I mean, I won't do it anymore, Lord! You put that mole on her face for a reason! I'll respect that! Just come get me out of here!

"Tracy?" a male voice called, not far away.

'Lord, is that you?!' I thought for a second in wonderment, then I mentally smacked myself. Of course not, it must be one of my neighbors.

I saw a light shine through the darkness and heard footsteps approaching. "Tracy are you down here?" he asked. That was when I realized that it was Colin. I would know that voice anywhere -- rich and sweet like the most sinful chocolate cake. Which is probably why he was such a good singer. He was coming down the stairs with a flashlight. Bless his heart! And his ass, because seriously, it was nice. Just take my word for it.

But...I didn't know he even noticed I existed half the time! So how did he know I was down here? And I'd never exactly told him my name. Then again, he does get my mail sometimes just like I get his. I guessed he must have remembered it. Nice.

"Um, yeah, I'm here," I said, shakily.

"Are you alright? Are you hurt?" he asked, walking up to me and taking me by the arm.

"Yeah, I'm okay," I nodded. "I was just a little lost down here when the lights went out..."

"That must have been so scary," he said, the light from his flashlight illuminating his face so that I saw concern clearly written upon it.

Then he did something I was not expecting. He hugged me. It was brief but when he let go I stood there in frozen shock.

He...hugged...me.

He...cares...what happens to me...

Amazing.

"When the lights went out Kendall said he saw you doing laundry and we hoped you weren't still down here lost by yourself in the dark," he said. "I'm just glad I found you."

"Thanks for coming to look for me," I said, quietly.

"No problem," he said. "Neighbors have to stick together right?"

I'd like to stick a few of our body parts together, that is for sure.

"Um yeah, absolutely," I said.

"C'mon, let's go upstairs."

He started walking me toward the steps and I felt totally safe with him by my side. Oh, he was my hero. I fleetingly wondered how he would fare against an army of evil mannequins. He'd probably destroy them all with a massive roundhouse kick because he is just that awesome and manly. Heh heh heh!

"What?" he asked.

"What what?" I asked, confused.

"You were giggling," he said.

"Oh sorry, I was just thinking about something funny," I said. "It's nothing."

"Well, I'm glad you're not letting this power outage get you down. Most of our neighbors are on the first floor walking around grumbling and complaining."

"Yeah, I can see why. Power outages are very inconvenient," I said, as we started up the stairs.

"I hope this one doesn't last long. I don't even have candles."

"Oh, I do! I have a crapload of them, because I collect them and people give them to me. I just don't light them because they're not allowed in the building. Which is probably why you don't have any. But I'm sure that in a power outage they'd make an exception? Anyways, you can have as many of mine as you want," I rambled, totally not thinking. That is, until I missed a step and almost fell flat on my face. I ended up sprawled on the stairs on my hands and knees. At least I didn't hurt myself badly, but I banged my knee and it hurt like a bitch. "Owww..."

"Oh my God! Tracy!" he said, trying to grab me and pull me up. When he put his arm around my torso his hand landed right onto my braless boob. He squeezed it just a bit probably trying to figure out if that was really what he thought it was, then he immediately pulled his hand back.

"Oh shit, sorry!" he yelped, grabbing me lower around my waist and helping me to my feet. "I didn't mean to -- um....um...Are you alright?"

"Yeah, I'm fine," I said, and limped up a few more steps with him.

"Are you sure you didn't hurt yourself?" he asked. "You're limping."

"No, no, I just banged my knee that's all."

"Let me look at it," he said.

"No, it's okay - "I tried to protest, but he was having none of it.

"Here, just sit for a minute," he said, guiding me to sit down. He crouched before me on the steps, shining the flashlight on my knee, inspecting it.

"How's it look?" I asked.

"A little scratched up, but you're not bleeding. You should be okay," he said.

God, he is so sweet...

Having him so near my pussy was sending my imagination into overdrive. All I could think about was him eating me out on the stairs right here, right now.

He raised his eyes to mine and I don't know if he could tell what I was thinking or not but his eyes softened and our gaze locked. Heat consumed me and I lost all sense of rationality. All I wanted was to kiss him.

"Thanks doc," I said, sultrily, eying him hungrily.

"Does it still hurt?" he asked, running his hand a bit up my thigh.

Oh my God, is he flirting with me?

"Yeah," I breathed out.

He leaned down and gently kissed my knee. Yep, he is definitely flirting with me! The warm contact of his soft lips made my pussy clench, wishing for the same attention my knee was getting.

"Better?" he whispered.

"Mm, yes. But I think I hurt myself here, too," I said, moving his hand from my leg and placing it on my collarbone.

"Oh, then I should probably check that out," he said, looking at me for permission.

I nodded slowly, biting my bottom lip. I was incredibly excited at the prospect of having him closer to me.

He moved up so that he was leaning over me, and he ran his fingers across my collarbone. A shudder of pleasure went through me.

"Let me make that all better," he said and dipped his head down to kiss my skin.

I sighed. God, he was turning me on. He smelled fantastic, too. I slid my hand into his hair, playing with the dark locks like I'd always wanted as he kissed his way up my neck. I couldn't believe this was happening but it was so hot and I was so turned on I wasn't questioning it, I was just enjoying.

When his tongue trailed up my neck my pussy released a gush of cream. He sucked my skin into his mouth and I moaned. I took his hand and put it between my legs. I don't know if I shocked him or not with my bold move or my lack of undies but I felt him gasp against my neck and smile. He immediately started to pet me, sliding his finger up and down between my folds, his finger brushing over my clit repeatedly, making it swell and throb.

"Damn, girl, you are wet," he murmured.

"I was playing with one of my toys before I came down here. I used a lot of lube," I said, then immediately regretted it. I shouldn't have said that. Man, he must think I am a horny slut!

"Oh, you like toys, huh?" he asked, smirking as he slid a finger into my pussy. God, it felt good. Especially when he started to slide it in and out.

"Mmm! Not as much as I like your finger," I said.

"Really? Does that feel good? Should I put another finger in your hot little pussy?"

Speechless, I nodded eagerly.

A second long digit slid into my cunt and the pleasure intensified. Strong delicious tingles spread through my pussy.

"Oh God," I sighed. "That is good."

Colin captured my lips in a kiss, sucking and nibbling on my plump lips before sliding his tongue into my mouth. He explored my mouth with his tongue while his fingers probed my pussy, pumping in and out of me, deep and insistent. I started to moan and ride his hand, kissing him back deeply, letting my tongue caress and swirl around his.

My orgasm was swiftly approaching and when he began to curl his fingers a bit inside me, the pads of his fingers pushing into my g-spot, I released a gush of fluid and started to cum, gasping and shaking. My pussy squeezed his fingers again and again and he kept pumping them in and out of me while I twitched and writhed and moaned.
