 "Fuck is it ever loud out there," exclaimed Tessa, "This is so fuckin' surreal."

Tessa was the younger, twenty-five year-old at most, girl friend of Marc, Harrison's best friend since high school, who was near forty like him. All Harrison really knew about Tessa, besides being an unbelievably hot blond with big tits, was she was an accountant who liked to say some form of 'fuck' in almost every sentence.

To celebrate their empty nest, Harrison and his wife, Beth invited their best friends over to drink and play games. 

Beth was actually Harrison's second wife, and the stepmother to his two kids. She was almost ten years younger - which ironically, Marc made a stink about when they started dating. Beth was an average height ginger, with shorter hair, b-cup breasts, full lips, and the most piercing green eyes Harrison had ever seen. After ten years together, she's gotten hotter in his mind. 

Beth invited Riley, a petite brunette who was also her yoga instructor. Riley was married to Reg; both were about the same age as Beth and attended high school with her.

Before the storm started, Harrison was enjoying the interesting dynamic as the three couples were together for the first time. Marc and Riley were part of his wedding party as best man and made of honor. Reg, who was still in the military at the time, was unable to attend due to deployment. Of course, Tessa wasn't even in the picture at the time.

Despite dating a woman young enough to be his daughter, Marc was really shy and conservative. Tessa must balance him being the complete opposite; loud, vulgar, and confident. 

It was the same way with Riley and Reg, except Riley was the shy wallflower and Reg was the loud drinker who loved trying to make the women blush with his jokes - at least Beth and Riley. 

Harrison and Beth seemed to be the middle ground couple; not too prude, but not as wild as their friend's partners. All in all, it was a good mix and everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves when first came the thundering rain and hail, and then blackness. Everyone at that time had a good amount of drinks in them, and the last game of sexual charades was getting all of them laughing and raunchier - even Riley and Marc. It was shame their fun was interrupted by mother nature.

As everyone used their phone as a light, Harrison led them downstairs to their huge den that had no windows, for safety. There were with four love seat couches and a fireplace. Each couple settled on a couch, illuminated by the glow from a phone screen. 

"Hey, do you know what would be fun," said Beth in a mischievous tone, "Remember playing 'lights out' in high school."

"No..." said Riley right away, which caused Reg and Beth to laugh.

"What's lights out?" Harrison said not liking being excluded from the inside joke between the three old friends.

"Lights out is you turn off all the lights in the room and make out for like twenty minutes. Then the lights come back on," said Beth.

"Ooooo, fun," said Tessa, " So fuckin' into that."

"As couples, right?" said Marc.

"For our game, yeah," said Beth as she lightly patted Harrison's hand.

Harrison whispered in her ear, "I don't want to know, do I?"

"But, it can't be twenty minutes," said Riley, "the lights can come back on any second."

"Riskier, love it," said Tessa, already turning off her phone light.

"The lights are off down here," said Harrison, "If the power comes back, there'll just be a glow from upstairs. Does everyone really want to do this, kiss in the dark?"

"Um, usually more than kissing is involved," said Riley, "I'll do it. Fuck it..."

With her agreement, all the phones went dark and the only sound was the storm outside and some giggles. You couldn't see anything in the blackness.

"I'm surprised you suggested this," Harrison whispered pulling his wife close and kissing her. She was wearing a low cut blouse with no bra and a loose skirt that went to knees. As they kissed, he cupped her through the fabric, noticing her nipples are already rock hard.

"Oh, you're going to be surprised all right," said Beth breaking the kiss. In the dark, she shoved him to the end of the couch and started fumbling with his jeans.

"Beth?" Harrison whispered and then tried not to groan that loud as she freed his cock and took him instantly in her mouth. 

Despite having a healthy, regular sex-life, blowjobs were not a common thing for Harrison and Beth. That was something he regretted, because his wife could do things with her mouth that no one before came close to doing. 

She attacked the tip with her tongue before bobbing quickly, and then sloppily sucking on it. It was good thing the hail pelting the exterior was so loud or the others would notice the sucking sounds.

Beth stopped for a moment, with him still in her mouth, and then moaned as she continued sucking. From the angle, Harrison guessed she was knelling on the couch and probably paused to rub herself. That thought and the fact their friends were so close doing who knows what to each other made it so much hotter. He was getting close.

Suddenly, Beth jerked and gagged. Her mouth tightened a little too much and Harrison grunted in discomfort. 

When she stopped, Harrison was a little disappointed, but that faded when she straddled his lap, letting him slide in her. She was so wet that he slid right balls deep.

He held her by her hips, but Beth didn't move. 

She leaned and whispered in his ear, "While I was going down, my panties were pulled off and a woman fingered me."

Beth slowly moved up and down on my cock.

"Are you sure?"

"Harry, I felt the finger nails. Definitely woman. But, she stopped and then a bare dick pushed against my pussy - and I know what dick's feel like too."

"What?" said Harry and little louder and Beth shushed him.

"It's okay, I slapped it away and they stopped. Who do you think?"

Now groans and moans were audible across the room. Tessa's obvious voice was saying, "Oh fuck... So fucking good..."

"This is so hot and naughty, riding your bare cock in front of our friends when the lights could go on at any minute and we'll be caught," murmured Beth in Harrison's ear as she started rapidly fucking him. She thrusted down on him so hard, the others probably could hear the sound of their flesh slapping or the couch squeaking.

With a grunt, Harrison came in her, but she kept going until with a gasp, she stopped and panted against his neck. There was no other sounds other than the storm outside.

"That's twenty minutes then?" called out Beth out of breath, and their was some awkward laughter, "Harry and I are gamed out and calling it a night. There's two bedrooms if you don't want to cab it home. Probably safer with the storm... anyway, nighty-night."

Using their phones again as flashlights, Beth and Harrison made it to their room and took turns cleaning up in the master bathroom. 

He was surprised when she was waiting under the covers naked and took off his boxers before joining her.

"Uh uh, I need a break," said Beth, "I'm just feeling hot, and kinda sexy. Expect to be woken up later."

"So... who am I mad at?"

"Harry, nothing happened... really."

"Trying to cheat and rape you?"

"It wasn't cheating, it was... trying to join in," Beth said, rolling over to her side, "And both times there was some head's up contact. I had the opportunity the decline with both. The first I didn't, but I did the second - especially with no condom and not knowing."

"What, you're saying if it was a condom you'd let him fuck you in front of me?"

"Shit, Harry... It was group sex, which some people are into."

Harrison paused, and then said, "So... if it was group sex you'd be okay if I screwed another woman, hypothetically."

"Hypothetically, if I was part of what was happening - and you wore a condom - yes. It would be us and not you screwing her - that's the difference. But who was it? Had to be Tessa and Marc. No way Riley would ever do that to me."

"Marc? His ex-wife called him Mr. Missionary. No way, honestly I'm surprised a wild thing like Tessa stays with him, besides the obvious." Harrison was referring to how successful Marc was financially. They both worked their way up to the board of directors of the same insurance company, with Harrison being the CEO. 

"Yeah, I would love to suck those tits... hypothetically," Beth said with a giggle.

"Reg would, try to fuck you. Probably him."

"No... not his style. He might try, but he's the jackrabbit-doggy type."

"Wow, Riley shares a lot of details," Harrison said, but didn't get a response, "Wait... You fucked him?"

"Once in high school, maybe twice... It was so long ago. Come on, I'm sure you've fucked way more people than me. Hun, it was years ago and he's with my best friend."

"But Marc would be more against... sharing then me," said Harrison, "I'm sorry, still wrapping my head around it."

"Get some sleep, I'm still going to wake you once my pussy is ready to go again."

Under the effects of alcohol, Harrison fell asleep right away. He woke up feeling a chill. The blankets were no longer covering his naked torso and a warm hand was gently grasping his flaccid cock. As soon as he felt warm breath on the tip, it started stiffening. He went from half-sleep to alert when he felt his wife's hair touching his shoulders and her warm body beside him.

A tongue flicked along the head of Harrison's cock while a hand gently stroke him. He opened his eyes and while the noise of the storm had stopped, it was still dark. His eyes could make out the shape of whoever was pleasuring him leaning of the edge of the bed, but not who it was.

He also noticed Beth's legs bent and spread and then heard the unmistakable sounds of someone sucking on a wet pussy along with his wife sighing.

Beth reached and squeezed Harrison's hand just as whoever was on his side of the bed started bobbing on his now fully erect cock.

"Fuck, he's eating my pussy... you're getting sucked off aren't you?" whispered Beth breathlessly, "Must feel good."

Unlike his wife, as the unknown woman took him into her mouth, she squeezed the bottom of his shaft and then slid her hand up as she pulled up. Mouth and hand worked in unison and it felt incredible - even better than his wife. Then the finger-tips teased his balls while the tongue teased the length of his cock, before taking him fully into her mouth again.

"Fuck, making my pussy so hot," groaned Beth, "Tell me who you are and you can stick your cock in me."

Harrison had a flash of jealousy, but it faded with the realization that he was receiving the blowjob of a lifetime from someone else while holding his wife's hand beside her.

"No, you can't," said Harrison. This was met with a muffled chuckle that could've been either woman.

While Tessa and Riley had similar hairstyles, one feel of their chests would identify which it was. Harrison reached to try and touch the unknown woman's boob, but was blocked right away. As the woman pushed his hand away, he did notice her long-manicured thumbnail was chipped.

Above the sounds of him and his wife getting pleasured orally, Harrison heard a bed loudly creaking and headboard hitting a wall rhythmically. Apparently, the other couple was also having fun.

Beth's leg shifted and was now in the air. She must have grazed whoever was going down on Harrison because she stopped and just lightly toyed with his ball sac. Harrison again reached to the unknown woman and again was slapped before touching any identifying part of her body. He also noticed the wet sounds from Beth's pleasure partner were gone, but she was gasping in pleasure.

"Oh, fuck, he's licking my asshole," squealed Beth, "Oh fuck... yes, stick a finger in it... Yes, finger-fuck my ass... Feels so good...Wait..."

The hand released Harrison's jewels and with some muffled snickering, the unknown visitors exited the room, shutting the bedroom door behind them. With their dark shapes, it could've been either couple. Harrison couldn't think too hard as he was left with an aching hard-on.

There was a flash of light, as Beth turned on her phone light and went into the drawer on her side of the bed. She pulled out a bottle of sexual lubrication that he did not know she had - whenever they had sex, dryness was never a problem.

She handed it to him and got on all fours facing the door. "You're going to fuck my ass."

"Okay?" Harrison was still a little shocked over what happened, so it took a bit to register. They've never done anal - there never was any discussion about it. In fact, he tried it once at university but it didn't go well and had never attempted it since.

"Pour lube on my ass, use your finger to get it inside."

Harrison was no stranger to anal porn, but the whole lube stuff was never in those scenes. Beth held the light facing back so he could see. He held the bottle tip just above her pink asshole and let some drip.

"Just let it pour. I'll wash the sheets tomorrow," said Beth sounding a little frustrated.

Harrison gave a good squeeze and it ran along her ass, over her shaved pussy lips, and a little dripped on the bed. He gentle probed her asshole, surprised how his finger just slipped in.

"Yes, now your cock... just go slow..." 

Harrison applied some lube to his erection and gently pushed. It was so tight, he was sure it wasn't going to happen, but his tip pushed in and he gasped simultaneously as his wife.

Beth started fingering herself, and Harrison could hear it she was so wet. He kept slowly pushing deeper.

"Yes, love you cock in my ass... I'm your ass-slut, playing with my cunt as you fuck my ass...yes," moaned Beth as he got all in her and then slowly pulled out.

With the blowjob from someone unknown and the tightness of his wife's anus, Harrison knew he wasn't going to last long if he started thrusting. Luckily, from his wife's whimpering, she was close too.

He started pumping slowly and rhythmically and Beth dropped her phone and began gasping.

"Fuck...I'm coming...coming... Keep fucking my ass... keep fucking... come right in my ass..."

That was enough for Harrison, with a loud grunt he shot his load while deep in her and pulled out and flopped down beside her.

"I need to clean up... pull the sheets off. It's hot enough to sleep on the blanket with just the comforter," Beth said heading to the bathroom.

Ten minutes later, they were lying side by side holding hands again.

"That was..." Harrison said.

"That didn't freak you out?" Beth asked timidly.

"I was shocked at first, but I guess you were right. It was us experiencing with other people together."

"I mean... doing anal. I assumed it wasn't your thing."

"It's yours?"

"I like toys and stuff when I'm alone, usually a finger while being licked or fucked. Have to be really in the mood for anal sex."

"Is there anything else you like that we haven't done in the last ten years?"

"Are you mad?"

"No, just let me know. I've told you everything I like..."

"So who was it? You know, our guests" Beth said changing the topic.

"Had to be Reg and Riley. No way Marc would've..."

"Ate my ass?" Beth said with a giggle, "Reg is into anal... I heard, we never did that. Though we'll tell who easy enough."

"How?"

"When he was sucking my tits, I was a little aggressive with my nails and sure I left scratches on his neck."

Harrison felt his blood rise for a second the guy did that, but considering the end, that wasn't a big deal. "The girl has a chipped thumb nail, so easy enough to spot as well."

"Harry, I'm excited to find out. Once we know, do we, you know, again?"

"I'm still not sure how I feel about this... Honestly, I don't know. Let's just get some sleep."

Beth was gone when Harrison woke up. He found her in the kitchen sitting and having coffee with Tess. Beth was wearing a long t-shirt, while Tess wore black panties and a short tank top, which barely concealed her breasts. He recognized both as Beth's, who must have lent them. Though, when Beth wore that top, her pink areola weren't clearly visible through it as Tess's dark ones. Both women's hair was completely disheveled, and the musky smell of sweat and sex lingered in the room. 

"Hi Honey, Reg and Riley had stuff to do with their kids and already headed out," Beth said with a smile, not really taking her eyes off Tess.

"Yeah, Marc got up to go jog, but he wants to meet you at the gym around eleven," said Tess, "Wow, what a fuckin' party, eh. Loved the lights out game."

"Yeah, it was crazy when we were younger," said Beth.

"How was it different, you said 'as we'll play it' with couples," said Tess.

Beth got flushed and looked at her husband and back at Tess. "Well, you'd have the boys on one side and the girls would go grab someone random once the lights went out..."

"Fuck... totally hot..." said Tess, "and they are fake. Looks like you're trying to ask."

"I-I-I," said Beth, "Okay, they look just perfect. Standing up like that no bra. I'm super jealous."

"Please, if I had nice fuckin' perkies like you, I wouldn't need it," said Tess, "Go have a squeeze. It's fine... after last night, I think we're all a little more familiar."

Beth gave Harrison a look and then reached and cupped a breast. Her hand lingered on it as the nipple swelled.

"Yes, they're really sensitive some days, he can have a feel too if he wants."

As Beth let go and moved, Tess grabbed the hem of her top and lifted it up exposing her tanned breasts. As she did, Harrison noticed neither thumbnail was chipped. "Here."

Tess's breasts looked fantastic. Full, perfectly shaped with the caramel nipples centered dead-center. Beth without taking her eyes off them, lightly grabbed Harrison by the arm and tugged him closer.

Harrison took that as permission and came up and lightly cupped a breast. It felt a little firmer than real ones, but other than that the same as non-enhanced ones. He was a little distracted by getting to look at and feel pin-up worthy boobs that he missed the moment that Tess reached and cupped Beth.

Beth moved closer, placing her arm around Harrison's hip as the younger woman fondled her through her top. He was almost erect watching that as his hand began teasing Tess's nipple.

"I want to suck on your tits," said Tess in a whisper looking Beth right in the eye.

"I want to suck on your clit," hissed Beth back, reaching to rub Tess through the front of her panties.

"As your husband fucks you?" said Tess with a gasp as Beth found the right spot to tease through the light fabric.

"How about as you suck his cock?"

"I think that's fair," said Tess with a smirk.

Harrison felt like he walked into his fantasy since a teen, but then he started rational thought. He was looking and feeling his best-friends woman's boobs, but on one drunken night while he was still dating Beth, she let Marc get a quick feel over some stupid bet. By going along with this was he giving Beth the green light to suck Marc's cock or have a threesome with just Tess and Marc?

Beth looked at her husband and winked.

Harrison laughed, "Wow, you really had me going there. I guess I better change if I'm to meet Marc."

Both Tess laughed as well, recovering her top and moving to grab a cup of coffee.

**

Beth reached to the nightstand and answered her phone, "Hey babe."

"Hey, you okay?"

"Yeah, just ran to pick up the phone. How was jogging?"

"It was Marc, he has scratches. Said it was from branches or something. I can't believe it. You won't believe this, it wasn't Tess with him."

"Harry..."

"You okay?"

"Fine, just was napping... Listen..."

"Beth, you know what this means? Straight conservative..."

"I know... Reg and Riley were already up getting ready to go, and I found Marc and Tess in separate beds."

"How drunk were they? Sorry, this is just so unbelievable. I mean, Marc is the last I'd suspect but second last would..."
