 This part of the story has more exposition than sex, but serves to shed some light (pun intended) on what is happening in part 1 and set up part 3. Initially, this was going to be the start of the story, but I ended up liking how the twist in the end happens in this order. For that reason, I would recommend reading "Lights Out – Part 1" first – especially so ending will make more sense. 

*****

(Beth's Story)

Bethany, or Beth as anyone who wasn't an aunt or her mother called her, was not raised with what one would call a typical view of sexuality. She knew about sex around the age of ten from her mother being less than discrete with the men she cheated on Beth's father with. Being in a two room apartment with thin walls while her mother's sexual cries gave a play by play of the action taught her lots: "Yes, lick my clit." "Shove that cock in my pussy." "Cum in my mouth." 

Not surprisingly, her father left both of them, claiming he wasn't even Beth's father, by the time she was twelve. Her dad was a dark skinned Italian with brown eyes, while her mom was Latino. And, there was Beth, the creamy skinned redhead with sparkling green eyes who stuck out like a sore thumb at family gatherings on both sides. Beth was certain her father was right that he wasn't her biological one.

Despite not sharing his DNA, Beth loved her father and his leaving left a hole in her life that she never seemed to replace until she married Harrison many years later. What didn't help matters was she had her first period within weeks of him leaving and experienced more pain than she's ever felt in her life.

A year later, after numerous doctor visits and tests, it was confirmed that Beth had a serious medical issue with her reproductive organs. Her mother was given the options of letting suffer the immense pain each month, or surgery that would end it, but Beth would never be able to have children.

Her mother said, "She does this, can she have a normal sex life?"

The doctor replied, "There's risks, but over than her ovaries, everything else should function normally."

"Fix her then."

Without asking her if she ever wanted to be a mother, Beth's mom took any chance of that away. And Beth hated her ever since for that and driving her dad away. As soon as she was fifteen, and legally old enough to work, Beth moved out into a one-room apartment. Her mother didn't protest, with all the drinking and fucking lowlifes she'd con to help pay her rent, Beth didn't think she really noticed.

As far as her sexuality at that point, Beth had no really gauge of what was 'normal,' but knew two things. One, she was as sexually attracted to boys as well as girls. Two, she was able to completely separate the physical act of sex from the emotional. Having physical sex without someone did not have any effect on the feelings she had towards another. Unfortunately, that led to her breaking some hearts – including her own – in high school.

In grade twelve, she became friends with Riley. Beth was the alpha, loud brash, and fearless, while Riley was meek, but the kindest person you'd meet. She also looked like a model with her lithe-toned figure and flawless face. Beth thought she was in love with Riley, but realized soon it was just physical attraction. She wanted to hang out with Riley, not hold hands and take romantic walks. The complication was she also wanted to have sex with Riley with any emotional connection – and Riley had a boyfriend, Reginald.

Beth knew Reg was as attracted to her as she was to Riley, but physically he was too scrawny and not her type – for a guy. One night at his place, when they were all drunk and stoned, Reg got Beth alone and made a move trying to convince her to join Riley and him for a threesome. Beth never thought Riley would agree with it and didn't want to risk that friendship by fooling around with a guy she wasn't that attracted to and turned him down. Though, thinking of the three of them together became the go-to- fantasy when she masturbated.

At one of their final parties as high school seniors, Beth came up with the "Lights Out" game. She acted like it was something she read, but basically invented it all on the spot while really high on some pills. Riley took some convincing to agree – a lot of it – and Reg of course loved the idea – as did some of the other teens. The first time playing, there were two couples and four singles, including Beth.

The basement was adjusted so no one would injure themselves, and there was easily findable spaces to have thirty minutes of fun in darkness. Boys on one side, girls on the other, the lights went out, and the girls went and grabbed their partner. The lamp was on one of those timers for people to use on vacation so it seemed they were at home. When the time was up, there was no warning, the light just came back on and revealed each random new couple in some sort of activity. No one was fucking the first time, but by the third round, most girls had their boobs exposed and three girls, including Riley, were giving blowjobs. Beth had her pants and panties off and was getting finger fucked by Reg, and while the other girls immediately stopped with the lights back on, Beth had Reg by the wrist and didn't let him stop until she came while the others watched. Beth expected Riley to be angry, but she watched with great interest and took Reg upstairs immediately after not so discretely have sex in one of the bedrooms.

The next weekend they played again with the same eight people; by the second round, two pairs – including Beth – were fucking when the lights came on and didn't stop till the guys came. 

The next time, there was only six and all pairs were fucking when the lights were on. Beth fucked Reg for the first time that night and noticing him watching Riley being fucked doggy-style as she rode him. He loved it. Riley's eyes were also glued on Beth and Reg with a look of utter lust.

The fourth weekend in a row, and the week of grad, it was back up to eight people as another couple heard and wanted to join. Beth brought pot brownies and made sure that Riley had some. Beth had butterflies in her stomach, not sure if what she had planned would work or be a big disaster. When the lights went out for the first time, Beth immediately grabbed Riley's hand, pulled her to the corner and kissed her. Surprisingly, not only did Riley not resist, she immediately fumbled with the clasp on Beth's dress. When the lights came on, after already bringing each other to orgasm orally, Riley and Beth kissed passionately as they rubbed their pussies together in the scissor position fully naked. One pair was fucking loudly in one corner, while Reg and two other guys were all around another girl. The other six paused, probably out of shock of the two who broke the rules, but all except Reg resumed. Reg immediately came and joined Beth and Riley, and the three continued fucking each other after the others finished and left. That was the last 'Lights Out' the three of them took part in, but apparently it continued on without them. Beth had finally found out how to handle her physical sexual needs – though not emotional.

After high school, Riley and Beth went to college to study business and Reg joined the army. Beth didn't date and the threesomes with her friends became their 'monthly treat.' Before deploying, Reg proposed to Riley and they eloped. Beth was the only witness at the ceremony, and was woken up to join the couple in bed after they consummated their marriage. 

With Reg away, Riley and Beth hung out more. Riley started getting more affectionate, making Beth think her friend had fallen for her. Luckily, Riley confessed she just missed the sex and intimacy, but didn't want to cheat on Reg. The solution became obvious, using video; Beth had sex with Riley while Reg watched on video. Soon after, the two girls would go out find a guy and both fuck him for Reg to watch. When Reg came back on leave, usually Riley wanted him all to herself but, if it was long enough, Beth would join them for one evening. That stopped when Riley became pregnant and then Beth became lonely.

Riley dropped out of college to be a mother while Beth had a ton of sex with both males and females, but fully aware her emotional needs were not being met. She graduated university just before Riley and Reg had their second daughter. Once Beth entered the workforce, she saw much less of her two best friends and had no luck finding someone to satisfy both her sexual and emotional needs. 

Beth never was into the whole 'older man' thing and preferred partners of both sexes to be either around her age or younger. However, something about Harrison Weger attracted her instantly. He was tall with strong full shoulders, and the premature-graying hair gave him such a distinctive experienced look. His eyes, especially his eyes, just made her want him instantly. He had a wedding ring on when she saw him sitting in the bar with a friend and she didn't care. She pursued him right then and there. After some flirting and dancing, she deposited her bra and panties in his suit jacket pocket before leading him to the door.

Both in and out of the bedroom, Beth was used to being in charge. That's what made her so effective in her career and why physically, she rarely had problems making sure she was satisfied. She thought that she lured this attractive, quiet, older man away to completely have her way with him for the night and move on. Beth was so wrong.

As soon as Beth had Harrison in her SUV, there was a battle of wills as each tried to take control of the situation. He might be quiet, but Harrison was already a manager of an insurance company that him and his best friend are now running. Beth had been with alpha males before. In her experience, they had a caveman mentality that was good for a quick fuck, but usually no personality. 

In their debate of how the rest of the evening should go, Harrison made it clear that he had personality and wasn't going to be fucking her that night. He wanted to go his place - a big no-no for Beth and one-night-stands - to have some drinks and get to know her better. He'd recently separated from his wife because she cheated with the neighbor, who she was now living with, and wanted to take it slow.

It was nice, but that night, Beth was looking for sexual release not a relationship. Beth did exchange numbers with him, and was getting ready to leave while bars were still open and she could find another option for the night. What she expected to be a pleasant kiss good night erupted into passion. Harrison carried her to bed and took the lead. As he said, they did not fuck, but he gave her the best face she'd had since Riley. She returned the favor and fell asleep beside him, almost afraid of what she was feeling towards this man.

After what seemed like the longest week of her life, she finally had sex with Harrison in her bed and finally felt satisfied both emotionally and physically. She was barely twenty and falling in love with a single man with two kids nine and ten years old after only a week.

Beth had the habit of sabotaging any relationship that she started getting emotionally attached by rationalizing the physical wasn't enough. After two weeks, Beth knew she was subconsciously trying to do that with this one. Harrison's best friend, Marc and his wife, an awful snide bitch, were over for drinks. While everyone was feeling no pain, Harrison and Marc had a stupid bet about some sporting trivia and were arguing over the terms. Beth suggested whoever won got to go to second base with the other's woman. Marc's wife, who was so flat that she made Riley seem busty, agreed. Beth was wearing a loose t-shirt with a sexy lacy bra that matched her panties that screamed 'fuck me.' When Marc won, Beth whipped off her bra to let him cup her just through the fabric. Harrison didn't react, but Beth learned later he was not happy with sharing her like that. Neither was Marc's wife, who stormed out. 

Beth caught him at the door as he watched his wife drive away and grabbed him through his jeans. She whispered in his ear, "That's okay, I have enough of an appetite for this and more..."

Marc rejected her advance, and while she knew he didn't tell Harrison the details, Marc did try to convince Harrison to end it before things got too serious. Two weeks later, Marc was divorced – the marriage was doomed long before the boob grab – and Harrison proposed to Beth in front of his son and daughter who cheered when she said yes.

Beth was on cloud nine and couldn't be happier when the wedding arrived four months later. She reconnected with Riley, who of course was her Maid of Honor, and planned a bachelorette party of drinking and dancing. Considering their history, Beth was expecting something a lot wilder, but still had a lot of fun – as did female members of Harrison's family who were also invited. It was a lot of drinking, dancing as a group, and laughing.

The wedding was the happiest day of Beth's life as she was so looking forward to spending the rest of her life with her soul-mate –a pair of alphas that shared taking the lead in every aspect. She was not expecting anything to take away from that.

With Reg deployed, Riley mostly hung out with Marc at the reception. The two hit it off, as each were fairly quiet and similar senses of humor. Marc lent his RV for the bridal party to use, as it was way easier for the four women to change after the reception speeches into cooler outfits for the dance that followed. The other two changed, while Riley stayed to help Beth out of her wedding gown into her white dress for the dance. 

As Riley removed Beth's corset from behind, she reached around and cupped her bare breast, working the nipple between her fingers.

"Riley?" Beth explained.

Riley handed Beth her phone. "Video chat Reg. He wants to watch me give you our present from us. One more for old times sake..."

Beth was lying naked on the RV's bed holding the phone so Reg could watch his wife eat her out when Marc walked in, apparently wondering what was keeping them.

The stunned silence was broken with Reg, over the video chat said, "Hey, I'm Reg. Riley's husband and old friend of Beth's. Want to fuck me wife? Cause I'd love to watch."

Beth stepped back and held the phone so Reg could watch Marc and Riley fuck right there. Before they were done, she put the phone down so Reg could still watch, got dressed and returned to the party. She never realized how she missed fooling around with Riley and Reg, but now was married and madly in love.

Right up to three years later, when Reg was injured and honorably discharged, Beth knew that Marc had taken her place as the third participant of Riley and Reg's sex life. Beth and Riley reconnected as friends, and while there was no flirting, Riley did share details of her new arrangement – it was stories of Marc in her pussy while Reg fucked her ass that intrigued Beth.

Beth was interested in trying a threesome or anal with Harrison, but every time she tried to work it into conversation, Harrison gave the vibe that it was nothing he'd be interested in. Beth did felt a little guilty even wanting that, especially how fantastic sex was with Harrison. Maybe it was now being a stay-at-home mom to two teenagers was making her feel older than she really was.

Beth was certain she was having a mid-life crisis at twenty-seven when she asked Riley if it would be okay if she joined them for one of their special nights, but only to watch. 

Over the span of a year, Beth attended five special evenings with Riley, Reg, Marc, and some woman he'd bring. Beth would be at the side watching, rubbing herself. Her urges got the better of her and she decided to join, but only with the women. In her mind, keeping the men away from her kept her faithful to Harrison. 

Even though she was only getting with Riley and whoever Marc brought, Beth was fascinated seeing the anal sex. At home, she bought lube and a toy to try. She learned how to clean her bowels to reduce the chance of mess. Beth discovered she loved anal.

For years, this secret arrangement happened about even four months. Beth did feel guilty, but glad her best friends and his made sure Harrison suspected nothing. She justified it in her mind that she was just getting a sexual release a few times a year; using living-sex toys to masturbate. Beth made sure she gave her heart fully whenever she had sex with Harrison, and no matter how tired or busy their schedule were, she made the effort to make love to him as much as possible.

When Marc brought Tess over for one special evening five months ago, things went to a next level. Not only was Tess younger than all of them, she looked like a porn star and fucked like a porn star - even though she was an account recently graduated from college. She made everything more intense and hotter, and the guys seem to get bolder because of it. The first time Tess was there, both Marc and Reg began touching Beth while she was with one of the other women. Nothing to explicit, but it was a line that never was crossed.

Beth nearly choked when Marc brought Tess over to the house and introduced her to Harrison as his new girlfriend. After that, Marc and Tess both began hanging out with Harrison and Beth. Having both of them in front of Harrison started to make her guilt unbearable to the point she was starting to feel ill – and as a result not having as much sex with Harrison.

During the second special night with Tess joining them, Beth was on her knees eating out Tess while Riley was getting double-penetrated by the men. She gave a yelp when a finger slid in her ass, and turned to see Reg finger-fucking her ass while his cock was in his wife's. Beth loved it and went back to Tess's pussy while he continued. She needed to be ass-fucked.

Less than a month later, Harrison had to drive the kids to their mother's, Beth invited the couples over, not to have a special evening but to lay out some new ground rules. Her pussy was one hundred percent off-limits to the guy's cocks, but she was willing to try anything else. The second thing was she wanted them to help her getting Harrison to join because it was eating her up inside doing this behind his back and not experiencing it with him. Marc thought it was a real long shot, but was willing to do whatever it took.

Everyone was talking, when Tess suddenly disrobed and tugged at Reg's pants. Forty minutes later, Beth was in pure bliss getting all but her pussy full of cock. However, she finally decided to either get Harrison involved or stop it all together. It was getting out of control and she loved her husband too much. None of her rationalizations could justify what she did was anything but cheating. Beth also knew if Harrison didn't agree to swinging, for the sake of her marriage her friendships with Riley and Reg would have to end.

When her stepchildren decided to moved out to attend college together, Beth saw an opportunity. She would invite everyone over, get Harrison drunk, and play the dirtiest party games she could imagine and let that lead to a strip game. The others were told of the plan and to follow her lead of how far to let things progress. 

The evening was going, great; everyone was having a blast. Harrison, as Beth expected, was all into the sexual charades and cheered as Marc pretended to doggy-fuck her through her clothes. She was just about to suggest strip poker when the storm started and the power went out soon after.

As they sat in the dark in the basement by the light of their phones, Beth was determined to not give up her plan. Then it hit her, playing the game that started it all for her and her friends. She group texted the others: "Follow my lead. Play along."

As she was giving Harrison head in the darkness, Beth reached and pulled off her panties and started fingering herself. When she climbed on Harrison to fuck him, she lied about the mysterious girl and guy removing her panties and touching her. He didn't get too upset, and she was sure he was curious who it was.
