 "Come on, hon, it's no big deal. Lots of couples do it."

"No way. I'm just not into that, I just don't want to do it. It's too weird."

No, not anal, not public sex, not a nude beach, not whips and chains, not S&M, no, just videotaping our having sex.

"Look, we can just try it and if you still object, then I'll erase the video. And I promise to do your most favorite thing all you want for as long as you want."

I knew that if anything would do it, that had the best chance. Jill just loves me between her legs licking her until she's delirious. Aha, she didn't answer right away, she's thinking about it.

"You'd erase it? If I said to?"

"Yes, absolutely."

"And could you set the camera up so I couldn't see it, so it didn't show?"

"Sure, that's easy."

"And, I get oral, lots of oral? All I want?"

"Sure, name it, three orgasms worth in one go?"

"Well, okay, I guess so. You know my weak spot."

Hooray! Our own porn tape. So many of the ones we have watched are so gross with fake-titted bimbos and horse-cock studs, they're laughable. And, Jill said okay.

So, I set the camera up on a high shelf behind a plant and I planned a nice Sunday afternoon with the lovely sunny day shining through the windows helping to light the scene of our lovemaking. We did most of the things we normally did, I gave Jill oral, she sucked me in her very nice way, started with missionary-style, reversed to girl-riding cowboy frontwards, then backwards, ending with doggie-style. I never mentioned it to her that I had a camera running and then made a good edit and planned a premier showing the next weekend.

We had some nice sushi and then I opened a bottle of champagne and handed her a robe to put on.

"What are you up to, Derek? You're up to something, what is it?"

"Well, just get naked, slip on the robe and we'll watch the video I made of us having sex."

"You did it? It's all done? I never saw you doing it."

"That's the way you wanted it, right?"

"Yeah, I guess you hid it pretty well. Okay, let's see this masterpiece."

I already knew it was really good. The lighting was crisp enough to get good video and the angle suited just about everything we did. The only thing lacking was a person to actually move the camera and get closeups and change the view as we went on. But, for a fixed camera video, it was pretty hot.

So, I set it up, got my robe on and we cuddled together for the premier of "Derek and Jill, Volume 1."

As we began to watch, Jill's hand soon slipped in my robe and took hold of a prominent member of the cast of the film we were watching. I had my arm around her with my hand rubbing her breast and by the time the video was over, we were on the floor fucking like teenagers.

So, Jill kept a copy on her computer and I would find her at times watching it with her hand in her panties and wait for her to watch it all, then whisk her off to bed for a great, hot fuck.

Then, about three months later, we were at a party with friends, Rick and Darlene, and ended up back at our place after.

Rick asked, "You've got cable, why don't we order up a porno?"

"Well, we've got something better if it's okay with Jill."

She looked over at me with her eyebrows raised as if to say, 'do you really mean this?' and then she says, "Oh, hell, why not. He wants to show you a video he made of us in the bedroom. I mean, if you're interested. It is amateur, for sure."

They wanted to see our masterpiece so I quickly set it up to show.

After it started, Darlene said, "Wow, you guys really are hot in this," and I look over and she was rubbing Rick's pants as Rick tugged down his zipper and brought out his cock for her to play with.

Jill reached over and began rubbing me as I reached down in her blouse and worked my hand inside her bra and begin tweaking her nipple. We were french-kissing as I felt Jill get my fly open and wrangle my cock out into the open.

We watched in bits and pieces as we continued feeling and playing with each other, then Jill leaned over and began sucking my cock.

Well. My girlfriend had never been particularly open about being physical in front of other people, this was a real first. I reached over and got my hand up under her and pulled her panties aside and started fingering her very wet pussy. That got a few moans as she sucked me on.

Rick and Darlene were also wasting little time as they now had Rick's pants and briefs off and Darlene's skirt was up around her waist and her panties were discarded on the floor. She then moved over Rick and started sucking him as she knelt on the couch with her butt in the air facing us with her pretty pussy peeking back in our direction.

My moviemaking passion suddenly overtook my physical passion and I got up and went to get the videocam and tape the scene in our den.

When I came back in the room, I was startled to see my girlfriend also up on the sofa behind Darlene licking her pussy as Darlene sucked off Rick. As I turned on the camera, Darlene turned around and took Jill in her arms and kissed her as they began taking off what was left of each other's clothes.

As I taped them, they were soon on the floor, one over the other, eating each other out, as Rick and I watched and played with our cocks and the girls gave each other orgasms.

They finally lay there on the floor holding each other, kissing, rubbing each other, when Jill said, "Well, that's sure a first for me."

Darlene responded with, "Me, too. Not even in middle school. Almost can't believe it really happened."

"Rick and I watched and we know it happened and it's all on video. You two were really hot. Sure looks like you two had fun."

They looked at each other and started laughing.

"God, it was more than fun," said Darlene, "I know I'm not a lesbian but it was more than just fun."

"Agreed. I really don't know what happened but it sure happened."

"Well, I think you two need to convince us that you still like us," Rick told the two girlfriends.

That's all it took, each couple ended up fucking on the floor just feet from each other.

We all agreed that it was an intense sex session and that we should do it again.

So, the next Saturday, we reconvened at our place, all changed into robes and fired up the original tape. Our robes didn't stay closed or even on for very long as each couple ended up fucking like horny teenagers. 

I took Jill on the sofa and Rick and Darlene ended up on the floor doing it doggie-style as they watched our video.

Once it was over, we were all collapsed on the sofa and I told them I as going to run the second video, the one of our girlfriends licking each other out.

As it began to play, the two girlfriends began rubbing one another and kissing as Rick and I watched and jacked our cocks a bit. Soon they were on the floor, writhing and licking and fingering each other. It was really very hot to watch.

I was getting close to cumming, so I stood up and got over the two girls and ejaculated all over them, then Rick did the same. They were laughing and licking, and tickling and just having fun, each slick with our cum and their juices.

Rick asked if we could all use our shower to clean up and I suggested that we pair off and he shower with Jill and I shower with his girlfriend, Darlene. He agreed, so I thought we had better pass this by the girls who thought it would be fun.

So, Jill and Rick showered first in our bathroom as Darlene and I waited. We stood together, she had her hand on my cock rubbing and I had a hand rubbing her mound which was dripping wet. She spread her feet a bit and I got a finger into her as she leaned her head on my shoulder and moaned softly.

"Okay, it's all your's," Jill said and Darlene and I got in and we lathered each other all up. We paid particular attention to certain body parts that seemed to respond to vigorous lathering and she did manage even get me clean of semen. Nice job.

We dried off and I gave her a hug and kiss and a thanks for the handjob and we rejoined the others.

When we came out of the shower and dried off, we went back into the media room and Jill was between Rick's legs sucking him off as he sat on the edge of the sofa. Darlene looked at me and asked if I wanted the same and she proceeded to suck me like a champ as I sat next to her boyfriend.

It wasn't long before both girlfriends had mouths full of cum and they both raised up off us, opened their mouths full of stringy cum, turned and french-kissed each other in the best of porn tradition.

Then, they both got down on the floor, one over the other and began eating each other out with cum-filled mouths. Rick and I just watched admiringly.

It wasn't the end of my camera work, since then, I've shot several videos of Rick and Darlene, Rick and Jill, Jill and Darlene and Rick has shot me with Jill and with his girlfriend.

We get together every week or two to screen our handiwork and rehearse diligently for upcoming shoots. And videos, too.