 Having just shot my load onto Michelle's pert boobs I didn't know where this was going to end. To be honest I had more than enough photographs to fill a ton of magazines all devoted to her. But to be honest I didn't want the shoot to stop. It was hard to explain as Michelle seemed to have me mesmerised. Was it her blue eyes or her long dark hair, her cute ass or her pert boobs. Whatever it was, it had me wanting more and she didn't seem to mind.

"I have enough images now, do you want to wrap the shoot up?"

"Well Mr Photographer, that's up to you."

"I think we should and besides, I know somewhere we can go and explore outdoors for some fun. Fancy it?"

"Well, with what I've seen so far, count me in."

Michelle got dressed and put on a tight pink t-shirt, a black lacy thong and some very short shorts. A pair of white trainers finished her look.

I got dressed and packed up my camera and all of the other kit that I'd brought with me. We walked outside to my car and I opened the passenger door so Michelle could put her stuff inside and so that she could get in. I walked round opened my door and put my camera kit on the back seat. I then got in, started the engine and we drove off.

"Where are we going then Mr photographer?"

"You'll have to wait and see."

Michelle lent back in her seat and stroked her breasts, before laughing. 

"You'll be sick of the sight of my boobs by the end of the day."

"I don't think so Michelle, I could get lost in them."

I drove out towards the countryside and then turned right, down a dusty track, past a church and into a small gravel parking area. There were no houses around and just fields, with trees and hedgerows. The sun was beating down and the sky was clear and blue with no clouds to seen.

Michelle got out and looked around. In front of us was a small track, it led along the side of one of the fields and was obviously used by dog walkers as the track seemed to be well used. She started to walk along the track and I followed, watching her cute bum in her shorts. 

She hadn't walked far before her t-shirt was pulled off and she threw it back to me. Then she walked a bit further and stopped, this time to remove her shorts and thong before she threw them to me and she carried on.

"Why don't you get undressed as well. There's no one about."

I stopped and put her clothes down on the ground before taking off my t-shirt, shorts, and then my boxer shorts. I could see her walking off in just her trainers and I hurried after her with my cock swinging around. 

We had walked along the side of the field and I must admit that simply watching her naked ass was something that I could do all day long. It was pert and firm and clearly needed a good fucking.

As we got to the end of the field I saw Michelle stop and stare at something or someone that was out of my sight but just round the end of the hedge.

As I got closer I could hear Michelle talking to another female.

"So what are you doing out here?"

"Just sitting here enjoying myself until you showed up."

I turned the corner and heard the girl gasp as she saw me. I could see that she was sat on a wooden bench and that she was completely naked. She was in her mid 20's, athletic in build with smallish boobs - probably a B cup. But she had large nipples and I must admit that I'm a fan of the larger nipple. Her blonde hair was tied in a pony tail and she was staring at my cock as it became erect.

Michelle laughed as she saw the girl looking. 

"We were hoping no one would be here, but seems you beat us to it. I'm Michelle and this is Pete."

"Nice cock Pete, I'm Sarah."

I walked over to her and she smiled. My cock was now hard and was pointing at her. 

"Mind if I have a suck on his cock Michelle?"

"Don't mind me."

I stopped by her face as she moved round. Her boobs weren't huge but they were definitely something I'd like to suck. She licked round the tip of my cock, tasting my pre-cum. Circling her tongue round the tip which was swollen and purple. She pulled my foreskin back, exposing the head of my cock. Her tongue flicking round it. Her hands pulled at the shaft of my cock as she started to wank it. 

I noticed that Michelle was kneeling down and had her head between Sarah's legs. Sarah had opened them exposing her shaven pussy. Michelle had pulled Sarah's pussy lips open and was lapping at them and at her clit. I watched as Michelle slid two fingers into Sarah's open pussy hole. Slowly moving them in and out, teasing her as she sucked my cock.

Sarah then stopped sucking my cock and asked me to turn round. I turned round and she slapped one of my butt cheeks. 

"Bend over Pete." 

I bent over and as I did this I saw that Michelle had stopped lapping away at Sarah's pussy. I heard Sarah sucking on her fingers and then she slowly pushed her index finger into my arse hole. 

"You dirty bitch, why don't you finger my arse."

Sarah started pushing her finger in and out of my tight arsehole and I could feel my cock twitching. Michelle didn't need any asking as she started to suck on my swollen cock. I had Sarah fingering my arse and Michelle sucking my cock and all three of us didn't care who saw us as we were lost in the moment. Naked, outdoors and enjoying each others bodies.

Michelle squeezed my balls as she sucked and I could immediately feel them start to twitch and I thought that I would shoot my cum right there and then but sensing that might be the case Michelle stopped sucking.

"Why don't you sit on the bench Mr Photographer."

Sarah stopped fingering my arse and moved off of the bench as I sat down, looking at the two of them naked in front of me. Without a second thought Sarah approached me and straddled me in almost one leap. Her pussy muscles almost sucked my erect cock inside her pussy and she started to move up and down on my cock. As she moved up and down I could see her moving her hand down to her clit so that she could rub it as her pussy lips clamped on my cock like a vice. 

Michelle was watching rubbing her pussy and rubbing her boobs. I could hear how wet her pussy was as her fingers squelched in and out. She walked over and slid three of her fingers into Sarah's mouth, making her suck her juices off of them. I heard Sarah moaning and then I could feel my balls spasm as I emptied my cum deep into Sarah's pussy. 

I lay back on the bench as Sarah climbed off of my cock. Thinking she had finished with me I sat up. She turned round and then knelt down, licking sucking the cum off of my cock. Lapping up whatever was left. 

My cock started to throb again and I realised that I still hadn't fucked Michelle and after all that's what I'd wanted to do since the start of the photo shoot earlier on.

"Come on Michelle, bend over the bench."

Michelle walked over to the bench and bent over, putting her hands down so that her pussy was ready for me. Sarah went and sat on the other end of the bench so that she could watch.

I walked up behind Michelle and grabbed her arse with my hands and then jammed my cock between her pussy lips. She was so wet that it slid in with no problem. I had been tempted to go for arsehole but I wasn't sure if she could take my cock up there.

I thrust my throbbing cock in and out of her wet pussy, slamming my balls against her arse cheeks. In fact after a while I had to slow down and as I looked at Sarah she was rubbing her clit and fingering her pussy. 

I licked my index finger and slid it into Michelle's arsehole. She squealed with delight and immediately I could feel her cum round the length of my thrusting cock. This didn't stop me though as I then started to fuck her harder again. I could hear her boobs slapping together as I worked on her pussy. 

Sarah was murmuring as she worked on her pussy and the sight of her lost in the moment saw me thrust once more before my balls exploded again and I shot cum deep into Michelle's waiting pussy. 

"About time Mr Photographer, I've been waiting for that all day."

"Cheeky bitch!"

"Tell me you haven't wanted to fuck me since we started the photo shoot?"

"You know I have and now I've fucked you both."

Sarah gasped as she came and I wanted to taste her juices. Pulling out of Michelle's pussy I moved over and lapped my tongue round Sarah's wet pussy. Her juices were sweet and I kept lapping at her pussy lips and clit. Working my tongue on her hole wanting to make her cum again. Before long she moaned and I felt my face become wet as she squirted her cum onto my face.

I stood up and we all looked at each other.

"Well, my boring afternoon on the bench has become so much better for you two."

"Don't thank us, we came down here to fuck as a duo but a threesome was so much better. Don't you think Michelle?"

"Mr Photographer you're right and all I know is that I've had a great day and want to do it all again!"