 One Wednesday night during my freshman year of college, my phone rang around 11 pm. I sighed and checked the display, annoyed that anyone would call me so freaking late. I saw Dean's name flashing across the screen. Instantly my attitude changed and butterflies flew into my stomach.

Dean Aragon. Yeah, I had feelings for him. Sexual feelings. If I was being honest with myself, my feelings for him were complicated. He was my ex-boyfriend... my friend... my fuck buddy... my lover... and so much more that I couldn't put into words. Like I said, complicated. But the fact of the matter was my feelings weren't going anyway anytime soon.

"Hi Dean," I whispered, trying to stay quiet. My cousin Samuel, who I lived with, had really early morning classes and I didn't want to wake him up.

"Hey, Lila Reed," Dean responded quietly, mirroring my whispering voice and using my middle name, his pet name for me. "I'm at the frat house with Kevin. Come hang out with us!"

He sounded mischievous and like he was intoxicated in some way. The university was a good 20 minutes away from my condo if traffic was light. I checked my phone and saw that by the time I got down there, it would be almost midnight.

"Dean, I have class tomorrow at 9:00 in the morning," I protested, feeling guilty that I could even think about turning him down while deep down inside I knew my protest was weak.

"Come on, Lila," Dean cooed to me, his voice like butter melting over me, not stopping until it dripped between my legs, the warmth waking me up from upside. "It will be worth it, I promise."

"What do you mean?" I asked feigning innocence, trying to pretend his deep voice didn't affect me the way it did. I tried to catch my breath.

"You know what I mean," Dean replied. I was wet at the thought of what he had in mind. 

"Ok," I breathed as a shudder ran through my body. "I'll be there soon."

"Good," Dean said and I could hear the smile in his voice.

I said goodbye and was about to hang up when I heard Dean's voice again.

"By the way, Kevin is down in the dumps. He's having a bad week. I told him you might be willing to cheer him up. You're into that, right?"

"What exactly does my cheering him up entail?" I asked, already knowing the answer.

My excitement began to morph into apprehension. Dean had been trying to talk me into a threesome for a long time.

"Come on, babe, we've talked about this before," Dean tried to reason with me. "You know how much it turns me on thinking about watching you with my friends. What better time to finally let it happen?"

I thought about it silently, my anxiety growing; at the same time, I was extremely turned on. My emotions were so conflicted I couldn't speak. My panties were getting wet as I sat there with the phone pressed to my ear. I didn't want Dean to know how turned on I was in case he decided I was a slut.

When I didn't say anything after a moment Dean continued, "You have the opportunity to really help someone here, Kevin is really bummed out."

"That sounds more like cheering you up, not Kevin," I responded, trying to keep the lust I was feeling from my voice.

I sighed as my anxiety grew.

"Lila, please, just come over," Dean pleaded with me.

"I don't know," I continued to protest. "I've known Kevin forever. I would feel weird if he saw me naked."

"You're joking, right? That's your excuse now? Your defense is weak, Lila," Dean said with a laugh. "You are one of the hottest girls that anyone on campus has ever seen. Kevin is a red-blooded American male. And he has a thing for you, OK? Don't tell him I told you."

"Oh, OK..." I responded, trailing off as I thought about this new revelation.

Instinctively my arms moved to cover my stomach as if someone was watching me.

"But what about letting someone watch me have sex?" My voice was shaky as I protested.

"What about it?" Dean responded. "You might enjoy it, don't knock it till you try it, right?"

He's right, the thought popped unbidden into my head. I didn't recognize the voice.

"But still, Dean, I don't know if it's right for me to let you watch me have sex with someone else. I don't think you're going to enjoy it as much as you think you will. What if it ruins our relationship?" The thought terrified me.

"If either one of us starts to feel at all uncomfortable," Dean insisted, "we can call the whole thing off, OK? I promise."

"Alright..." I whispered hesitantly. I didn't put it past him to tell me what he knew I needed to hear just to get me to give in, but my lust got the better of me. "Let me find my shoes and I'll be there soon."

I shook slightly as I hung up the phone.

You're going to come so hard...  there was that voice again.

I stood still in the middle of the room for a moment as a wave of lust took over my body. I had to take a few deep breaths before I came back to earth.

My mind wandered as I processed the conversation I'd just had. Dean and I had known each other since we were 14 years old and had had an on again off again relationship with each other for nearly 5 years now. Even when we were off again, no matter who we were dating, we always seemed to find ourselves in each other's beds, sometimes telling each other about our relationships while we helped each other get off.

Dean and I both lived off campus in the Heights: me with Samuel, my gay cousin, and Dean with his parents. Our friend Kevin had joined a fraternity and lived right off campus in the frat house, and Dean spent a lot of time hanging out there playing video games between and after classes. The drive from his parents' house to campus was about 25 minutes so it saved him a lot of time to hang out there.

Dean and I had not dated officially for about 2 years now but we still enjoyed each other's company quite a bit, and I had a particularly hard time passing up any opportunity to be with him, especially if I thought it might lead to sex. Dean was still the best sex I'd had and college had already proved to be a sexually liberating time.

I looked around my bedroom in the condo I shared with my cousin but couldn't find a clean bra. The lacy black tank top I was wearing was fairly tight so I decided to just roll with it. I decided to change from pajama shorts into pink basketball shorts, but I skipped the underwear, knowing how turned on I would be by the time I got to campus. I slipped into a pair of Converse sneakers before heading for the door.

My shorts slid down my hips with each step. I had recently lost a few pounds and hadn't had time to update my wardrobe. Before I headed out the door I stopped to look in the full-length mirror on the back of my bedroom door. Satisfied with how I looked with my shorts resting just above my pubic hair, my tank top slightly ridden up above my bellybutton, my flat stomach exposed and my large breasts straining at the lace of my tank top, I took a deep, resigned breath and left the room.

As I left the condo and walked across the parking lot, I found myself having second and third thoughts. I kept going back and forth between how hot it would be to have the attention of two men at once and my anxiety over having two men looking at my naked body at once. The anxiety I normally got from the attention of one man was enough.

Oh, but how hot it would be... it made my pussy twitch.

I got in my car, plugged the address to the frat house into the GPS, and turned up my stereo, attempting to blast my scattered thoughts away with my favorite music on the way downtown. Despite this distraction, I couldn't help but feel nervous as I imagined countless scenarios while I drove.

What if Kevin didn't think I was hot after all? What if Dean was just saying that to get me there and when I got there, Kevin shot me down? What if, even worse, Kevin was all for it but Dean got jealous when it was too late for them to stop? So many things could go wrong.

But what if you like it? I didn't know what had gotten into me. You will come so hard...

I shook my head, trying to clear it. Part of me didn't believe any of it. I had never had a lot of self esteem, so the idea that anyone could want me as badly as Dean had made it sound that Kevin wanted me was hard for me to take seriously.

I'd always thought of my ash brown hair as mousy, although Dean did love for me to take off my shirt and bra and let my long wavy hair hang down and cover my breasts while he took pictures of me. I was on the curvy side, and had always been self conscious about my weight, even though Dean always told me how sexy he thought I was. I also never had trouble getting attention from other men and dates outside of Dean, but still somehow I never quite felt good enough for anyone.

I let my mind mull all this over as I drove and 25 minutes later I pulled up to the frathouse and parallel parked on the street. I nervously walked up the driveway toward the front door. My stomach was tied in knots. At the same time, leaving my underwear at home did the trick, and I was wet between my legs.

As I approached the front door and reached for the doorbell, I heard whoops and hollers and noticed that the front door was open with a closed screen door. A bunch of the fraternity brothers were in the front room playing beer pong. Their fraternity was located off campus and outside of any alcohol restrictions, so most of the campus parties ended up there.

I let myself into the house and asked the nearest frat guy where Kevin's room was.

"Down the hall and to your right, last door," he said, pointing her in the right direction.

I thought I heard some guys high five as I headed down the hall. When I got to the last door on the right I hesitated before knocking softly. A moment passed and I wondered if I needed to knock a little harder before the door opened. It was Dean, and when he saw that it was me he grabbed me by the wrist and pulled me inside.

"There you are!" he exclaimed happily.

The room was full of smoke and smelled of marijuana. Kevin was sitting at a desk loading weed into a pipe, a website loaded onto his computer screen. I could see multiple small thumbnails that all seemed to show naked men and women; some kind of porn site.

"Thanks for coming over," Dean said as he gave me a quick hug. "I know it's a school night," he teased.

"You know I can't resist you," I replied, lowering my head and looking up at him.

Kevin handed the pipe to me and I took a small hit, coughing right away. I didn't normally do drugs but weed didn't really bother me every once in awhile and it was definitely helping to ease my anxiety. I couldn't help but remember how many rowdy guys were outside the room just down the hall and what Dean wanted me to do with him and Kevin tonight.

"Thanks," I replied as I blew a cloud of smoke into the already cloudy room.

I handed the pipe to Dean who took a hit and passed it to Kevin with one hand while the other reached for me, his arm wrapping around my waist and pulling me towards him. He leaned back and pulled me closer until we were lying on Kevin's narrow frat house bed, Dean against the wall and me pressed up against his chest, my back to the room. He leaned down and kissed me softly as his dick responded, growing hard against me . I could taste the rum in his mouth.

My head was spinning from the weed as Dean kissed me hard, his tongue searching my mouth, and I felt his hand move down to my ass and squeeze, pressing my pelvis against his erection. He kissed me harder as my body began to respond. I moaned softly.

I was lost in the moment feeling Dean's hard dick pressing against my pelvis while his hand rubbed my back and his tongue invaded my mouth. Suddenly I felt another erection press against my ass and another strong chest press against my back. Strong arms wrapped around my waist and pulled me back against the unfamiliar, large, and obviously aroused dick. This brought me momentarily back to reality as I felt unfamiliar lips caressing her neck.

"Wait a minute, you guys," I began to protest and tried to sit up as Kevin's hands reached from behind and cupped my bare breasts underneath my tank top. He sharply pinched my nipples and I cried out in pleasure.

"We haven't even talked about..." I trailed off as Kevin thrust his pelvis forward and pushed me off-balance, giving me no choice but to lean into Dean's erection.

"Oh!" I cried in surprise as I was jolted roughly against Dean.

"Are you telling me you aren't enjoying this, Lila?" I heard Kevin say against my neck, his breath giving me goosebumps.

"I can't..." I didn't know how to finish the sentence.

The truth was, I was enjoying it. I was immensely turned on, but also feeling immensely guilty. I was so afraid that Dean was not going to like this. It was one thing for him to have a fantasy, but it was quite another to watch a person you had feelings for taking another man's cock. He had always been a bit possessive when we were dating.

I had forgotten that Dean's hand had been on my back, but he suddenly pulled me back towards him as he kissed my neck. I couldn't help the moan that escaped my lips. I'd never been so aroused in my entire life, and I'd never before had two horny men at my fingertips, just waiting to please me and be pleased by me.

Kevin began tugging my shirt upwards and I sat up and helped him pull it over my head and off, freeing my large breasts. Dean reached up and pulled one of my nipples into his mouth while rolling me on top of him. I found myself straddling him and when he freed my nipple Kevin handed him a digital camera. Dean immediately began taking pictures of me topless sitting on top of him.

"Hey!" I protested as I crossed my arms over my breasts.

It was one thing to let Dean take pictures of me when we were by ourselves, but I was not comfortable with Kevin seeing him do it. I didn't want him to think I was some kind of exhibitionist.

Looking back I see now that in reality, I was an exhibitionist. My pussy got wet every time Dean wanted to take pictures of me. I loved the idea of getting caught in the middle of the dirtiest of acts, midst orgasm and completely unable to stop or control myself at all while at the same time knowing that I should feel horrified at the idea. Imagining getting caught usually made me come so hard, whether by myself masturbating or with a partner.

Suddenly I felt Kevin's hands reach around from behind me, sliding across my hips, following my curves down until the fingers of one hand reach my clit and softly began stroking, while the fingers of his other hand pressed gently into me and my body finally gave in, his fingers slowly sliding into the warm, wet spot between my legs. My hands flew from my breasts down to his wrists as another moan slipped from my throat. I could hear the camera clicking away.

"Hey," I repeated unconvincingly as my hands rested helplessly on Kevin's wrists.

By now my shorts had slipped all the way off my hips and were around my knees.

For a moment I gave in to the sensation and it was all I could do to stay upright as Kevin massaged my clit and slid his fingers in and out of my dripping pussy. My breath was shallow and my cheeks were flushed as involuntarily I slowly began gyrating my hips against Kevin's hands, intensifying the sensation. As I moaned I could hear the camera clicking while Dean snapped pictures of me writhing in Kevin's arms.

My pussy throbbed in ecstasy as Kevin rubbed my clit. The friction I caused by moving my hips was building me up to an intense orgasm.

The idea that Dean was about to watch some other guy make me come made it even hotter. He seemed so turned on, like he loved living vicariously through his friend since he already knew so intimately what my body felt like and how good I was at pleasuring a man.

Kevin continued to rub my clit, bringing me closer and closer to an orgasm. Suddenly he stopped, waiting a torturous beat, and flicked my clit three times before rubbing it hard.

My entire body contracted as I came. My pussy lips were so swollen and my orgasmic juices flowed out from between the stiff lips.

"Oh, oh, oh," I moaned as I came. "Oh my god Kevin!"

My pussy gushed as my orgasm rushed through my body. My pussy lips swelled more, ready for a hard cock to invade me and plow me as deep as possible. Dean took pictures of me coming, capturing the moment of my ecstasy, my closest moment to enlightenment.

Finally Dean put the camera down and reached for me, pulling me forward and sucking one of my nipples into his mouth again. I heard a zipper and when Dean released me I noticed that he had his cock in his hand, and it was rock hard. Dean knew me well; my mouth was instantly watering. The sight of a hard dick, especially his, was my weakness and I just had to suck it.

Kevin kept fingering my swollen, spasming pussy as I leaned forward and took Dean's cock into my mouth. Dean moaned as I sucked his cock all the way into my throat, my tongue stroking the length of his shaft.

I moaned too as Kevin slid his fingers in and out of my swollen pussy. Slowly I started to rock my hips back and forth, moving my pussy up and down on Kevin's fingers as I bobbed my head up and down and Dean's dick.

"You like that, baby girl?" Kevin asked me as he watched me work myself on his fingers and suck my lover's cock. All I could do was moan in response while Dean looked on half-dazed.

Suddenly Kevin's fingers stopped and I felt empty, moaning, whimpering, and wiggling my butt in the air to try to get him to continue, but I didn't know where he'd gone. Dean seemed to like my helpless whimpers, as his cock flinched and grew harder in my mouth.

I heard another zipper and felt the head of Kevin's warm, smooth dick pressing at my opening. I leaned back to encourage him to keep going and he pressed forward until he was all the way inside me, buried so deep from behind me I could feel his balls against my pubic hair. It felt so good I let Dean's dick slip from my mouth as I moaned.

"Aaaaah," I breathed.

"Take that cock, baby girl," Kevin whispered to me as he pounded my pussy as deep and as hard as he could for a few moments before suddenly coming to a stop.

"Oh god, don't stop," I moaned, pushing my ass back against him, but he resisted me.

"You need to take a breather," Kevin responded in a low, authoritative voice.

My pussy pulsed. It was so hot to have this guy that I had known since childhood give me an order like that with his cock buried inside me. I nodded as I felt him press his forehead to the back of my head.

"Ok."

Kevin pulled back out slowly as I regained my composure enough to suck Dean's cock into my mouth once again. I slid my lips up and down finding my rhythm a few times before Kevin suddenly slammed his cock as hard as he could into me, pushing me forward and causing me to cry out, Dean's dick falling from my mouth once again.

Kevin then proceeded to fuck me ruthlessly, his dick slamming into my cervix over and over while I involuntarily cried out over and over, Dean's dick in my hand swelling harder and harder as he watched his best friend fuck his favorite fuck buddy nearly right on top of him. The fact that I looked like I was having the time of my life was even better.

"Dean, he's going to make me come again!" I screamed, looking up into his eyes, pleading with his eyes for forgiveness, worrying that he would be jealous.

Dean responded by laughing and then reaching down to pinch both of my nipples at once, hard. At the same time I felt Kevin's fingers reach around and begin quickly flicking my clit, causing me to explode around his cock buried deep inside me. My pussy spasmed and I screamed out as I came like I never had before, the guilt and the pleasure mixing into its own emotion and dissolving into and earth shattering orgasm.

I could not stop screaming, "Oh my god, oh my god," over and over, until finally I ran out of breath and all I could manage was a soft moan.
