 Edited by: Pope1944. Thanks!

*****

Looking at the clock, realizing that it was only 9:15, Jim thought again that this would be a long and boring day. Well, maybe boring was a bit much. Jim didn't work at McDonald's or on a plant. He worked at a high end spa resort. Then again, he knew from experience that rainy weekdays in the middle of October were particularly... well, boring. Very very few people despite the rebates, and understandably so: much of their spa's reputation was founded on their outdoor pools, jacuzzis and hot baths. They even had a twenty foot waterfall people could walk through!

These attractions meant that sunny days brought a lot of people, which was good. But on a dark grey mid-October Wednesday, Jim knew he would likely spend the day pretty much alone. Fifteen minutes ago he had said farewell to the maintenance and clean-up crew, and he was now alone. No reservations for the day. None. That meant that none of the masseuses, physical therapists or yoga teachers were present. If nobody spontaneously decided to visit the spa, Jim would spend his entire day alone. 

Alone in a paradise, but still... During his first year here, he had spent a few of those alone days having the time of his life, enjoying each and every pool or luxurious rooms he could, with his favorite music blasting through the speakers. After a while though, being alone was just that: being alone. On the other hand, he had also spent quite a lot of that free-time-in-paradise in the gym. Which he kept doing. In fact, if he were still alone by eleven, that's just where he'd go. Jim knew he was in great shape and that one day, that toned body would help him find a girlfriend. 

In the meantime, Jim settled down comfortably in his chair and pulled up his iPad. When he heard the front door open, he jumped up, prepared to greet his first customers with a warm smile. Alas, it was only the delivery guy. He was drenched with rain and not in a good mood, so Jim didn't even get someone to talk with for a minute or two. He settled back in his chair and let out a mighty sigh. 

About thirty minutes later he heard the door open once more and his spirits rose when, this time, he heard female voices talking and laughing. Laughing about the rain! They clearly were in a good mood! Jim smiled and got up at the reception desk. "Let's hope they're beautiful!" he thought. He heard the women, he thought he could discern three voices, put their raincoats away before walking towards the desk. And that's when he learned that this day would be anything but boring. 

Jim noticed four things very quickly. The first was that the three of them were pregnant. Very pregnant. Jim wasn't an expert, but he was pretty sure that they were in their last trimesters. Lately he had developed something of a pregnant fetish, and his heart skipped a beat. The second was that they were all very gorgeous. The third was that they were dressed revealingly. 

The fourth thing that Jim noticed was that they were all three very busty. People generally think that pregnant women all have big breasts. But Jim knew that wasn't the case: here at the spa he had seen many pregnant women with relatively small breasts. He didn't know exactly how these women looked 9 months ago, but it was clear that they had all been quite busty. And were now, obviously, bustier. 

Jim looked at the redhead first. She was very tall and while it was obvious that she wasn't a naturally curvy women, she was definitely one now. Jim's heart skipped a beat when he looked at her. She was wearing a very tight white tank top that hugged her two large breasts and huge belly like second skin. The tank top, although stretched to its limits, didn't completely cover her belly, and he could see a line of pale creamy skin between the top and her jeans. Her unzipped jeans. The woman's legs were still pretty slim and she could fit in those jeans, but not to the point of fully zipping it up. The effect was breathtakingly sexy. 

Then, the blonde captured Jim's attention. She was smaller and her body was softer, smoother than the redhead. Her pregnancy didn't look like it was grafted onto her belly like the redhead. Instead, her distended belly looked like it belonged there, its beauty in harmony with the rest of her body. She was wearing a very long dress, overflowing all over her generous curves, highlighting them all. She walked slightly slower than her two friends and her smile was gentler, calmer. 

The brunette was something else. She must have been a naturally curvy women, and her pregnancy had transformed her into a damned goddess! She was an explosion of curves, gracefully walking around with a transcendent belly and breasts so large he couldn't estimate their cup size! But she didn't look like a ponderous hippopotamus. Instead, she looked like a goddess of fertility. She was wearing a pair of loose white pants with a blouse designed for pregnant women. It was tightly bound around her breasts and opened over her belly, flaring out on each side to reveal her naked belly proudly. 

Before he could get a really good look at them, they were at his desk and he tried to focus on being warm and polite. He felt like responding to the three goddesses in a much more primal and lustful way, but he controlled himself. He managed a pretty good job. Then again, they were so beautiful and sexy that he had to work to focus on the tasks at hand. 

When they told him what they wanted and the budget they had, Jim offered them a package deal and they happily accepted it. While the redhead pulled out her credit card, her two friends walked away to look at the courtyard. She held the credit-card device and waited for the payment to go through. As she did that, Jim enjoyed a long moment of pure ogling. He just stared at her beautiful face and her cleavage, that deep, shadowy cleft between her large breasts. His eyes roamed all over her cleavage, face, eyes, hair... Jim knew that he had about ten seconds before she would see the "Accepted" message on the device so he enjoyed those few seconds. 

It turned out he was wrong. For some unknown reason, the redhead decided to look up at him instead of staring at the small screen like everybody else. And she caught him just as he was staring at her cleavage. She watched him stare at her breasts for a good two seconds before he noticed her. Jim knew all at once that he was in trouble. 

He thought he had managed to control himself earlier, but maybe he had been more flushed than he had believed, maybe there had been more sweat on his forehead than he had hoped, or maybe she had caught his furtive glances. Jim closed his eyes momentarily, afraid that the fiery woman would explode in justified outrage. But when he opened his eyes and looked at her, she was smiling. A distinctly mischievous smile. Like a damn red fox would smile at a prey. Her eyes were positively gleaming!

Jim stammered as the machine finally beeped and he grabbed it clumsily. When his fingers brushed hers, he started and cursed himself again. Instead of stammering an apology that would only deepen the hole he was already in, he closed his eyes and took a deep breath. Once again, her eyes were waiting for his when he opened them. She was still smiling. Doing his best to control his voice, Jim said "Listen. The place is completely deserted. Why don't you girl consider that nothing is off limits."

"What?" the redhead asked. "Girls! Come here." When her two friends came back to the desk, the redhead said to Jim "Are you serious? We can go anywhere we want even though we only paid for the bronze package?"

"Yep." Jim said, relaxing as he saw their smiles. "Of course, there are no masseuses around, but any pool or waterfall or cabin or room you wanna go to, you're welcome to it."

The blonde and the brunette seemed overjoyed. The redhead, although smiling, was thinking about something. She looked at Jim's hand for a moment and said "No masseuses? How about a masseur?" 

Jim's eyes widened involuntarily, especially since she was still looking at his hands. But he shook his head "Sorry, none of those either. But you can go anywhere you want."

"We can do anything we want?" the redhead asked, a slight emphasis on the "do" instead of "go". 

Jim only nodded, not knowing if he could trust his voice in front of very clear invitations. Or at least, what he thought were invitations. As he watch them walk away, Jim sat down and shook his head. "Calm down man!" he thought. "These are pregnant women, obviously with husbands or boyfriends back home... They're not going to hit on the desk boy! Or even be interested in him! You're imagining things!" But was he? Why had she smiled when she had caught him ogling her cleavage? Jim sighed, mulling over the obvious fact that women were incomprehensible. 

As soon as Elisha saw the clerk smile nervously, she knew she would try and have some fun with him. Looking at him through her red locks, she smiled seductively and gauged his reaction. Nothing. But then she sensed that he was ogling her as she waited for the machine to complete the transaction and she looked up. She narrowed her eyes when she caught him and smiled. He was clearly overwhelmed by her charms and Elisha was enjoying every second of it! When she arranged to make their fingers touch, it was all she could do to prevent from laughing out loud. 

On the other hand Jim was very cute and seemed well built under that plain shirt. In other words, he could be a very good partner in bed. Elisha closed her eyes and tried not to get too excited. But then he offered them a gold package, and she smiled in genuine pleasure. She had almost decided to stop teasing him, but then he said that there weren't any masseuses around. "Too easy!" she thought and asked him his any masseurs were around instead. Elisha was pretty sure that he caught her meaning as he babbled his way out of it. 

Once the three of them were alone, Elisha asked her friends if they thought the clerk was cute. They both laughed, with Aurelia playfully slapping her on the shoulder. They both knew that the redhead hadn't been perfectly faithful with her boyfriend, even since getting pregnant! Helen and Aurelia teased her about it as they searched for a room that seemed perfect for them. 

When they did, they also went to the changing rooms and got into their bikinis. They had been friends for a long time and neither of them were shy about nudity. Especially since their bodies had transformed with their pregnancy. The fact that Helen and Alisha knew that their blonde friend was bi-curious wasn't even an issue between them. Aurelia had never tried to seduce either of them, nor had she made any inappropriate comments when they saw each other naked. They put on their bikinis, ironically the only piece of clothing in which they felt comfortable, and headed out for the room they had selected. 

Thirty minutes after their welcomed arrival, Jim walked around the spa to find them and make sure that they were alright. "Yeah right..." he thought. "That's the only reason I'm trying to find them..." he smiled as he walked. As he turned a corner, he saw them all three walking towards him. Wearing nothing but bikinis. No robe, no towels, and already dripping wet from their showers. Dear gods in heaven. 

This time, Jim looked at the blonde first. The combination of long wet blonde hair and the pink bikini just captured his eyes. The bottom was a regular old bikini, but the top was a very nice bikini with a transparent veil covering her belly. Or, rather, enhancing her belly. She had already looked stunning earlier when fully dressed, but now she was amazingly beautiful and sexy. Her large, heavy breasts bounced with each of her steps and the smile she gave him threatened to overwhelm him. 

The goddess brunette, standing right next to her, was wearing a regular black string bikini. Regular in the sense that it was not designed for a pregnant woman, not designed for breasts that big. Dear Gods! She was raw sensuality, her breasts were lust made flesh. Whereas the blonde's breasts bounced, the brunette's swayed like drunken mermaids underwater. Slow because of their weight, moving all over the place as she walked, it was hypnotic! 

And as for Jim's favorite redhead, she was wearing a black bikini with long fringes partially covering her belly. On either of the large spandex cups was a large and bright ochre flower, matching her hair color. Fire roses. She walked like a model on a catwalk, with utter confidence in her beauty despite, or perhaps because, of her pregnancy. Her breasts bounced with each of her steps, the freckled skin shining because of the small droplets of water. Looking at her fully exposed legs, Jim could now confirm that she would be rather thin when not pregnant. Her distended belly and large breasts stood out on her slimmer frame like wildfires in the night. 

Jim froze, standing in place as he tried to make small talk. They assured him that everything was alright with them. They were just looking around for the best room. The blonde told him that they had been hoping that a private room would be available to them. Now that they had the entire spa to themselves, they intended to make the best of it. When Jim asked if they wanted bathrobes, the redhead replied "We found some when we changed, but they fit badly... And made us look even bigger than we already are!" The other two giggled. "In any case," she continued, "I'm sure you don't mind seeing us three whales walking by in our bikinis, right, Jim?"

"Of course I don't mind... And you don't look like whales!" he replied nervously. "In fact, all three of you—" and then Jim stopped talking, stunned at what he had been about to say.

He stammered and mumbled something while turning around, hoping to prevent his near blunder from turning into a disaster. But the redhead would have none of that. "What? What were you trying to say?" 

When Jim turned back towards the three women, he saw that they were smiling. Especially the redhead. Once more, Jim paused, took a deep breath and said, softly, almost in a whisper "All three of you are gorgeous... But don't tell anyone I said that! We're not supposed to interact with customers like that. I could get fired!"

The three women looked at him with bright smiles, and in spite of his nervousness, he could see that they had appreciated the compliment. "Why, thank you Jim!" The blonde said. The redhead and the brunette also thanked him. With a brief nod Jim then turned around, hoping that his face hadn't been redder than the lava it felt like. As soon as he turned a corner he leaned against the wall and took deep breaths. A minute later he was calmer and a large grin appeared on his face. "This was going to be a wild day!" he thought, having no idea how true that would be. 

Fifteen minutes later, Jim acknowledged the fact that he couldn't stop thinking about those three women, all alone with him here. With his heart beating faster, he got up and tried to find them. He eventually did, smiling as he saw that they had chosen one of the best rooms in the entire place. It was a fake hot springs with an Icelandic theme, complete with rocks, a painted vista of mountains, blue water with very gentle bubbles. 

Jim couldn't see them from the outside, but because of the beaded curtain door, he could hear them. He tiptoed to the door and leaned in to listen to their conversation. What he heard stunned him. They were talking about sex. More precisely, about their insatiable and clearly unsatisfied sexual drive. Soon Jim learned a number of surprising and sometimes shocking thing about his only customers. 

First, he learned their names. The blonde was called Aurelia, the brunette Helen and the redhead Elisha. Strange names, all of them. He briefly wondered if those were their true names. He could go and check on the receipt, at least for the redhead's name but Jim decided that it didn't matter much. Besides, he had no intention of leaving! He learned that all three of them were deeply sex starved and that their boyfriends or husbands, while loving and attentive, were now seeing them as mothers and not as women. 

And it was clear to Jim, even if he didn't know much about pregnant women, or women in general for that matter, that those three guys were missing what would probably be great sex. Gods! Hearing them talk about how badly they wanted to be fucked! Shit! Jim had to shift his cock in his pants a few times, his erection uncomfortable as it kept growing. Clearly his cock was ready to please them. Any of them, or all of them at once! Jim snorted when he thought about that, laughing at his own exuberant imagination. 

Luckily, the women didn't hear him. A few minutes later, they all shared that they had all been abusing their dildos for the past few months. Aurelia, the soft bodied blonde, was the worst. She told her friends how she used her two dildos in the shower, in the kitchen, in the bathroom, in her car before coming back home and even a few times in her bed, under the blankets while her husband slept! The two others laughed at that, but shared that they were getting more and more ravenous as well. 

Then they began talking about their bodies, especially their breasts. Jim would have killed to be able to see them! They spent about twenty minutes comparing their sizes with the others, then with their pre-pregnancy sizes, their growth spurt, their weight, the size and color of their aureolas, the width and height of the nipples, what happened when their became hard with lust... Jim was going crazy outside. By now he had pulled his cock out from his pants and was slowly masturbating as he heard the three delicious women talking in hushed, sensual voices about their breasts. 

Aurelia was having a great time with her two friends. She had been thinking about this day for a long while now. She hadn't had a girls' day in a long time, and spending that grey October day with them was just what the doctor ordered. Well, as she well knew, that or a long day of intense fucking! "Fat chance of that!" she thought. 

Her husband seemed to have become more and more sexless as her pregnancy progressed. She sighed and enjoyed, secretly, the forbidden pleasure she had by watching her two very lovely friends wearing very little. Helen and Elisha both had stunning breasts, and seeing them topless like this was... mouthwatering! 

Across from Aurelia, Elisha said that she wished the room had a closed door. "Maybe other guests have arrived by now... We should be careful with these bared breasts." she added. "Or maybe Jim would find the courage to pop in unannounced and see the three of us topless..."

The three women giggling like schoolgirls at the thought. "Think he wants to do that?" Helen asked.

"Of course he does!" replied Elisha. "He looked like a puppy in heat when he saw us in our bikinis!" The women all laughed again.

After a minute of silence Aurelia said "Girls, there's something I have to confess... I haven't only been abusing my own dildos... Would I shock you if I told you that I've even been using Michael's rubber pussy?" She had no idea how her friends would react to such a confidence and was a bit nervous. 

"What?" was Helen's immediate reply. "For real?"

"Yeah!" Aurelia said. "And it was amazing!" She relaxed when they all laughed with her. "You know I'm slightly bi-curious, right? Well, for the past three months I've been indulging that itch, and I've been fantasizing about a woman while licking that rubber pussy!"

"Oh my Gods!" Elisha said. 

"Fuck! Aurelia, that's wild!" Helen added, suddenly blushing yet grinning from ear to ear. 

Aurelia laughed with them again, feeling her nipples harden as she thought about those delicious masturbating sessions. She didn't know if she'd push them too far with her lesbian tendencies. Thus far, they all seemed very comfortable with it. "Comfortable enough to push even more?" she wondered. 
