 My work partner and me had been able to double-fuck a few horny sluts over the last couple of years, but this big-titted, 18 year old was the hottest of them all.

Willy and me, we're a two-guy "handiman service." We can fix just about any small project in a house -- electrical, plumbing, painting, move a wall, build a fireplace, you name it. He's 52 and I'm 38, and we're both in really good shape. He's got huge, muscular arms and shoulders, and I've got a very fit, slim body. While we're both married, we are also typical males. Hot women get us really horny.

And, being handimen, we're sometimes left alone with hot women. It was just about two years ago, a bit more maybe, we were at some broad's house while her husband was at work. For a while week in the summer, this 42 year old Whitney, with a rocking, slim body, was teasing us by tanning in her back yard, while we were on scaffolding around her house, reapplying stucko to it. After two or three days of that, she asks us into the kitchen to give us some water. Willy and I just stood around her, eyeing her nipples poking out of her bikini top, when she said she likes "male company" because she gets "bored" at home. Then she added: "Bored, and horny." Well, that opened the floodgates. A minute later, she was on her knees looking up at us, going back and forth sucking Willy's 6 1/2 inch (but extremely thick) penis and my 7 1/2 inch pecker. We both splattered on her face and big tits, then she said, "You guys got more in there for me?" We did, taking her up to her master bedroom, taking turns sticking our dicks in her shaved, married pussy right where her husband slept every night. What a hot piece of cunt Whitney was.

Since that time, he and I have been on the lookout for other horny women who might want some servicing besides the construction or painting. We don't want to be too aggressive and lose potential work; we live by word of mouth and referrals. But, you know, a woman knows when we're flirting, and if she flirts back, we'll keep doing it, even over-the-top sometimes. Last year, we finally found a second slut, a 38 year old married bitch named Susie. Short, petite brunette with a plump butt. We'd been flirting relentlessly with her a couple of days while painting her interior, even staring at her boobs and ass in her clothing right in front of her. I told Willy, this broad knows we'd do her if we could. I just didn't know if she actually wanted it. Well, after we finished the job and had the truck loaded, she calls down to us, she has one more project in mind, can we come up to the bedrooms and take a look at it? Actually, we were pissed -- like, we just loaded up the truck, bitch! But we walked into her bedroom, and there Susie was, buck naked on her bed -- spread open, shaved pussy gaping wet at us. She purred, "Do you guys do plumbing too?" And with that, we took turns fucking her for a couple hours.

The third and only other time, earlier this year before we met the 18 year old, was a petite, busty Asian woman named Janae. She worked part-time, so a couple of days while we were on the job, she would greet us in the morning but wasn't home the rest of the day. Willy and I both liked her style, she had a fine little ass and delicious, slender legs, and she wore short skirts that undoubtedly drove men nuts at her office. Well, she knew what a hot body she had. On her first day off, our third on the job, Willy was out getting more supplies while I was working the phone in her kitchen. She had been teasing and flirting with me all morning, winking and knowing I was admiring her hot Asian body. After one of my calls ended, she asked if she could "do" anything for me -- leaning over the kitchen table, her cleavage exposed because her blouse was partially unbuttoned. She saw me look at her tits, and instantly we were making out, kissing hard. She let me fondle and suck her boobs, then she went down on me and took my long penis into her mouth, and my semen into her tummy. I told Willy about that, and after we finished work that day, he and I took her to a motel on the Interstate (she didn't want her hubby to get home early and find out), where we took turns fucking the bitch a few times. Did the same thing the next day, our last on the job. (I've met up with Janae a few times since then, just for some hot sex.)

So, those were our experiences fucking women we met on the job. The 18 was the fourth, and unquestionably the best time.

We had an all-week gig to replace the aluminum siding on a house with faux stone. The home was owned by a Korean-American family. They had a teen daughter in high school, Kimmy, a very skinny, bookworm-ish little bitch. Can't even remember her name. She was forgettable. No, it was her friend Ashley who was the hot piece of ass!

Ashley had recently that fall turned 18, and was a senior in the local high school. Each day after school, she came over to her friend's house, and I could tell, the girl was checking me out. I was on a ladder, with my tight jeans showing off the equipment in my crotch, and the teenager stood on the ground looking up at me, right at my balls. Of course, I made sure she got an eyeful. Each day, then, she was back after school, bashfully flirting. She wasn't a talker, but more like, she'd stand there and answer our questions, giggling nervously.

The girl had some kind of tits, let me tell you. Even in her conservative clothing for school, I could see she sported D-cups or something like that. She was decently pretty, particularly if you like Korean girls. A triangular face, sort of long nose, more rounded, brown eyes than Chinese girls, and extremely long jet-black hair down her back. It was fall, so the weather was a bit cool but not cold, so she wore sweatshirts and light jackets -- covering flesh, but showing off the shape of her huge tits. Her ass was round but not fat, and I could see from her tight jeans that she had relatively slim thighs. She also wore makeup and big hoop earrings, which her scrawny, nerdy friend didn't do. I mean, this 18 year old had some teasy looks, and she looked all the better contrast to the other boring, small teen Kimmy.

It was cute, Ashley would stand there asking what we were doing, letting us ask about her classes and boyfriends and that sort of thing, and she'd answer us with grins and giggles. Her friend Kimmy was openly embarrassed and distraught by the flirting, telling her friend "c'mon, we have to go do homework," that sort of thing. Ashley would linger until the badgering got too bad, then she'd move on with her friend, flashing us cute smiles as she left us to do our work.

Willy looked at me, one day, as Ashley disappeared into the house. "Wouldn't mind an hour naked with that slut," he said. I concurred with the sentiment.

It was Thursday, our second-to-last day on the job. Ashley and Kimmy had gotten home from school around 3:30, and Ashley as usual had stopped to flirt with us a good 20 or 30 minutes. Update us on how her tests went that day, that sort of thing. I didn't give a shit, but I could stare at her big boobs in her t-shirt and jean jacket. It was an unusually sunny day, so my t-shirt was sort of sweaty, clinging to my body. Same with Willy, although his torso is a lot larger than mine. I saw Ashley observing both of us, her brown eyes gazing at the powerful physiques of us two adult men.

About 5 pm, Willy and I were finishing up, talking about going to get some grub before coming back to clean up a little. We could leave the shit out, but we knew we'd finish the next day, and could give ourselves an afternoon off by doing a lot of the clean-up work that evening. So wouldn't you know it, Ashley and Kimmy come out of the house, having finished their homework. Willy was about to crawl into the truck, while I was in the passenger seat, with the window down all the way. As the big-boobed teen passed us in the driveway, I asked where she was, headed home? She nodded, yup.

I looked at Willy, and didn't need to discuss it further with him. "Well," I told her, "we're going to grab a bite -- fast food or junk like that -- wanna come along, get a bite with us?" I wasn't sure I was asking for sex, just an opportunity to put her in the truck with us.

The girl whirled back to make sure her friend Kimmy had retreated into the house, so she wasn't being subjected to Kimmy's reaction. "Um, yeah," the high school girl chirped with a toothy grin, "that sounds good."

All of a sudden, I was standing on the driveway holding the pickup truck's door open, allowing the girl to slide into the middle of the seat. As she passed me, I got a whiff of her perfume -- strong, sweet, really sexy.

Soon we were jostling down the streets, heading a few miles towards one of the state routes where all the fast-food places were lined up. Willy and I were talking nicely to her, saying we appreciated the company, don't get pretty girls to come with us much, that sort of stuff. As the truck bounced down the street, I couldn't help but notice the jugs on this teenager bouncing too -- I mean, her chest was undulating like a machine recording every bump the truck hit. So at one point, with my eyes glued to her breasts bouncing in her t-shirt inside her unfastened jeans jacket, I said to the broad, "You know, you must be extremely popular at school, why don't you have like dozens of boyfriends?"

I know the bitch saw me staring at her breasts, and she didn't move to cover them up, instead keeping them pushed forward on her chest between Willy and me. "Well, I have one," she told me, giggling a little at how I was so obviously staring at her tits, "but he's sort of a dork, but he's cute."

"Dork, huh?" I looked past her at Willy, who flashed me one of those knowing grins, then began staring at her tits again as much as he was looking at the road. I turned to gaze at her boobs once more, then up to her eyes to make sure she saw me looking at her tits -- then, back down at her tits. "Well, Willy and I ain't dorks -- you ever dated a real man before?"

Her voice was a little nervous, as she tried to sound more grownup. Pushing her long, black hair behind and ear, she shook her head a little. "Nuh-huh -- but, wanted to."

My dick was throbbing hard in my jeans by this point, smelling her perfumes and seeing those big breasts. I loved that she liked showing them off, and now I loved her more that she liked older guys. "Well, maybe Willy or me here can show you a good time sometime." (I was thinking, how about right now, you hot tramp?) "Would you like that sometime?"

Again, her voice quivered a little. "Umm -- yup?" She didn't want to commit, but she seemed to like the sound of that.

The erection in my pants was in control of my mouth now, I wasn't talking like I would to a normal stranger. Leaning my mouth closer to her ear as the truck rambled down the roar, I coarsely whispered to her, "I don't mean to piss ya off or nuthin', but I gotta say -- you got really, really hot tits -- you don't mind us lookin' at them, do ya?"

Now her young, teen voice turned to a soft, meek whine, as the 18 year old responded to my praise. "Really?" It was like a squeak of a mouse. "You think? They're not, like, too big?"

"Too big?" I erupted with a cackle, clapping my hands together once, then looked past her at my buddy driving the pickup. "Willy, you think they're TOO big?"

As we slowed to a streetlight, Willy turned his head towards her, lowering it a foot away from her boobies to very obviously check them out. "Nope," he reported as he sat back upright, "not too big ah-tall."

With my mouth near her ear again, my hip firmly up against her side to trap her in place, I asked her another loaded question. "You don't mind us lookin' at your tits, do you -- they're just so fuckin' big and sexy -- you're so pretty."

"Really?" She said it again, her voice so melodious and quiet, high-pitched but calm. "I dunno, if you wanna, I guess."

While she sounded disinterested, I could see her eyes looking me over -- my chest and crotch, my face, and her thin lips were turned up a little with a playful grin. The girl was interested in where this was leading. "So maybe," I asked, reaching a hand across my body towards her already, "you'd let me have a quick feel -- just to feel how big they are?"

I hadn't felt up a teenager in years, and I couldn't wait to get my married paw on this babe's huge chest.

The girl sure was interested. She snickered at me, rolling her eyes as if all men were such pricks, then she sighed quietly, "Oh, all right I guess -- if ya really wanna."

Holy shit! My hand found her huge tit, and it was spectacular! Groping her mound through her bra and t-shirt, I felt the size of that orb, its fullness and girth, it could more than fill my palm as I cupped it. Caressing then squeezing her huge melon through her clothing, I moaned at how sexy it was, while I said to her, "Baby, it's so big and sexy, so fuckin' huge -- Willy -- I mean, you don't mind Willy checkin' ya out too, do you?"

She barely let out a little giggle of agreement before my buddy's hand was off the steering wheel and squeezing her other breast through her clothing, so she had both of us grownup perverts pawing at her two boobs as the truck lumbered down the road. She let out a light moan, and I could feel the hard nipples on her hooters sticking out inside her bra.

"Like that, huh?" I was whispering in her ear through her long hair, then used my nose and chin to push her hair back and expose her earlobe. "I like you alot, you're so fuckin' sexy." Intoxicated by her perfume, I put a little kiss on her earlobe, licking it around her dangling hoop earring, softly breathing warmly against her air. She shivered, grunting as she continued to allow Willy and me to fondle her high school breasts through her t-shirt. My licking of her ear turned into a kiss, trailing it up her small, soft jawline, not believing I was about to kiss her on the lips. She let me, turning her face to mine, and my married mouth met her 18 year old lips, locking together, moaning, my tongue inside her lips now, sliding around her pink tongue.

As the girl let me make out with her and continue cupping and squeezing her huge breast, Willy's hand slid from her tit down her front, into her crotch, where he was digging his fingers against her bluejeans. The bitch leaned back a bit, parting her thighs, moaning more forcefully into my kiss while Willy was rubbing his fingertips against her pussy through her tight jeans.

I found myself hoping the trip was going to take a while. My hand pushed up her t-shirt enough on her flat tummy, so I could slide my hand upwards, inside her shirt, and wrap my hand around her bra. Pushing her bra up and off her huge tits, I had the two boobs exposed inside her shirt, so my hand could now touch her flesh directly. Her nipple was fucking huge -- long, hard, swollen. I pinched it, she giggled in my mouth while we kept kissing. Making out even harder, she was frenetic with my hand on her naked tits and Willy stroking magic over her vagina. My buddy masturbated her and I kissed her like my girlfriend, tugging at her nipples and alternatingly cupping the fleshy, huge boobies back and forth.

My arm and hand pushed her t-shirt up even higher, rolling it under her armpits, so now her tits were naked -- sticking out from underneath the bra and t-shirt above them, those huge, brown nipples poking an inch forward, with wide, dark-brown areolae around them on creamy, light-tan skin. The Korean hottie grinned at me, seeing me eye her nude tits, and she kept her back arched, sticking them forward. The slut liked the attention. I couldn't help myself, I dove down, wrapping my mouth around her closest boob, suckling it into my wet mouth. It tasted soft and young, firm, so fucking huge; the nipple was like rock, however, aching and hard. She moaned even more, pushing that tit into my mouth, letting me salivate on it, munching it with my tongue and lips.

"Hey," Willy muttered, "maybe we should get a room."

I knew exactly what he meant. There was a motel that rented by the hour right off the Interstate, where we took the other Asian hottie Janae for a couple hours of fucking. They don't ask questions, they just take the cash, knowing guys are getting laid in the rooms. Mostly hookers, I would think, but Willy and I were better than that. We had the girl turned on, we didn't need to pay her for sex.

So after licking around her nipple a while, smelling how wet her kitty was in her jeans from Willy rubbing it, I sat up and looked in her slanted brown eyes. "How 'bouts we skip dinner -- just go get a room, and you can let us fuck you as much as you want?" I added, with a wink, "He and I got big cocks -- you WON'T be disappointed!"

The teenager, undoubtedly on her first booty call, looked nervous and hesitated, and her voice equivocated a little as she said, "Ummm -- sure?"

It was all I needed to hear, she wasn't disagreeing.

Wally started looking around to reverse the truck, and get to the motel on the Interstate, maybe no more than ten minutes away. I was hungry for food, but would take a roll in bed with this slut over dinner anytime. With Willy driving, I got to have the honors of now rubbing the heat of her crotch, finding her grinding her hips against my hand through her jeans, while I kept sucking her breasts back and forth. I got both her breasts dripping with with my spit, glistening with the drool I deposited on them, while she was breathing hard and making those large, fleshy glands heave back and forth. There wasn't talking, only her incessant grunting and moaning above my tit-sucking and cunt-rubbing.

As he was driving, my buddy was like, Pete, how much cash you got? I looked up from the girl's sloppy big tits and said, "I dunno, $15, something." I heard him mutter a swear, and he said, "Well, I $20 maybe -- we might need a bit more." So, looking at the nearly-topless teenage girl sitting right next to him, with my mouth planted on her naked boob and my hand grinding into her crotch, my 52 year old buddy said to her, "Honey, you got dinner money? We need $40 to get a room, even for a couple hours."

What a slut! Now she was going to have to pay to get laid by us! But the girl was all-in, while panting from me playing with her body, she groaned to him, "Yeah, I do."

Seemed like a short ride, but it always does when you're munching on a girl's tits. The truck lurched to a halt, we were in the parking lot of the dingy little model off the Interstate. The place was almost deserted.

I collected the cash -- $10 from the girl, $20 from Willy, plus my contribution -- and headed into the office. My buddy took over for me entertaining our guest, pawing at her cunt again through her jeans and kissing her. What a hot slut she was -- making out with the two of us, she hardly knew us. She wanted it bad, didn't she? A teenager on the prowl to get fucked good.

Ten minutes later, holding the key to the room, I was standing beside the truck. Inside it, Willy was still sitting back in front of the steering wheel, his fly open -- and his super-fat, aching six and a half inches of meat was in the girl's mouth, as she leaned over to taste his penis. Lucky bastard, getting the first blowjob of the evening! I tapped on the passenger side window of the pickup, and when I startled the two of them, I shouted, "You two need to get a motel room." Then I raised the key to point at it. "Oops, guess what, I got one!"

Willy zipped up his big cock, the horny 18 year old blushed with guilt, and the two of them started putting their clothing back on for the walk across the parking lot.

As soon as the three of us were in the dingy motel -- and I mean, the door wasn't even locked yet -- my buddy and I sandwiched Ashley, standing just inside the door, both of us on her sides. We pawed at her butt, tits and cunt through her clothing, taking turns to kiss her; first she made out with Willy, then me, then back to him. I was sliding off her shirt and bra, interrupting those kisses, while Willy was squeezing her buttcheeks and rubbing her pussy through her jeans. Her massive mammory glands were indeed amazing, launching into the air off of her slim torso. As I began sucking her tongue again, my hand groping one of those tits, Willy bend over to lick her other nude boob and I could hear him fumbling to unfasten her jeans. She helped him, desperately horny and wanting to be nude, so soon we were pushing her jeans and panties down her hips, around a meaty butt.
