 (This might not make a whole lot of sense if you haven't read the first two chapters. You could go look them up, or you could just read Chapters four and six.)



A Random Encounter

Chapter Three 

"Camera Four, hold on him until he hits the rope line. Camera Seven, get ready to pick him up. You're a go Camera Seven! Camera Four, park the cab and wrap, can't have you spotted again."

The Director sat back and watched on the monitor as Marshall staggered from the cab to the red velvet rope holding back those waiting to get into The Iguana Cantina. Sam and Jenny had disappeared from view and he stood at the rope, looking around in confusion. Tom, the head bartender and junior partner in the lounge reached for the rope and pulled it aside.

"You must be Marshall," he said with a smile. "The girls pointed you out and asked me to let you in."

Marshall's head bobbed up and down while a huge grin stayed fixed on his face. He stepped past the rope and up to the door.

"Okay, Camera Two, he's at the door, get ready. He's in, stick with him as long as he's in view. Camera One, you've got him if he passes the center bar. Camera seven, get set up in the VIP section. Lipstick Cams One and Two, I want one of you on him at all times. Paul, give me a check on the camera in the head and make sure Giselle is up on the riser."

"All cameras make sure you get me lots of crowd shots when you're not on Marshall. I want people to know this is authentic. We'll digitize the faces in editing."

The Director watched the monitors as each of the cameramen followed her instructions and prepared themselves for the next scene. Her assistant ran a quick test pattern through the fixed bathroom camera and nodded that all was functioning. With a satisfied smile and a little sigh of relief Sheila Montgomery, ace Director of Soft Touch Pictures, sat back in her chair to watch. She had just about held her breath throughout the scene in the cab, and she could feel the tension in her shoulders. The company had a lot of money invested in this shoot and she had a lot personally invested herself. It had been her idea to make an adult film using a star performer who did not know he was in a movie. For years, she had chafed at the falseness of the films she had to make. There was never a second of true chemistry on a crowded, brightly lit set with actors who fucked for a living. 

This one was different. This was going to make history. She had cultivated a list of performers with at least a shred of acting ability. She had put together the finest crew in the business. She had twenty-two cameras in place in six different locations, plus half a dozen lipstick cameras being used by a near army disguised as club-goers. And, she had what her attorneys assured her was a slam dunk contract. A contract Marshall had signed on entering Butch's Bar and Grill earlier that evening, for what he thought was a promotional video for the bar. Now, with Marshall safely delivered to the second location, she allowed herself to believe that the whole thing was actually going to work. If it didn't her career was over.

Sheila took a cup of coffee from her production assistant and sat back to watch the monitors. The camera operators were basically on auto-pilot while Marshall was in the bar. He would be covered by at least two cameras every second he was inside. The arduous task of editing all the footage would fall to her, but she would start worrying about that tomorrow. Now, all she had to do was wait a little bit and be ready in the unlikely event that Marshall didn't take the bait they offered to him. Sheila didn't see much chance of that happening; she was well-versed in the simplistic workings of drunken men's minds. And she'd chosen her girls very well.



Chapter Four

Marshall wandered aimlessly through the crowd. He was drunk and in the past three hours, gorgeous women had blown him in a bathroom stall and jerked him off in a cab. His mind was having a little trouble wrapping itself around the events of the evening. He'd never had anything resembling casual sex in his life and now it had happened twice in one night. Every dog has his day, he told himself. 

After a while, his eyes came to rest on a corner bar and he fought his way there to order a Jack and Coke. Sipping at his drink, he leaned against the bar and scanned the dance floor, looking for the girls from the cab. There looked to be at least five hundred people in the club tonight. Most of them ranged in age from twenty to thirty though there were a few clusters of older revelers here and there. The girls were dressed to impress in a rainbow of sparkling, shimmering club gear with an emphasis on exposed flesh. The boys were, mostly, decked out in their finest baggy jeans and an array of sports jerseys and t-shirts. Marshall stood out a little bit for his age, but his jeans and black collared shirt fit right in.

There was no sign of Jenny and Sam right now, but his eyes found many other delights to feast on. He studied the girls dancing on the riser in front of the DJ booth. There, a dozen beauties dressed as scantily as the law would allow were moving and gyrating in time to the thump of roaring House music. The girls knew how to play a crowd of drunk, horny men; and they made up for their lack of dancing ability by showing as much skin as possible and draping themselves all over each other.

One girl stood out, though. She was off to one side and clearly feeling the music more than she was the crowd. A knot of young men stood motionless on the floor below her, gawking as she ignored them and just danced. The stunning beauty of her statuesque body was heightened to a ridiculous degree by the way she was dressed. The club went silent and ceased to exist for Marshall as the image of her took over his world. She wore black, patent leather pumps and white thigh-high stockings on long, athletic legs. Her outfit was completed by a brief, red plaid skirt and white, collared short-sleeve shirt with the ends tied in a knot under her ample breasts. She had long blond hair, done in ponytails of course, and a pair of glasses perched on her delicate nose. Dancing there in front of him was the consummate "sexy school girl."

And my God was she dancing! Her eyes were closed and her face held a dreamy look of pleasure as she moved with the music in a whirling poetry of raw sensuality. This was not the raunchy, affectation of an exotic dancer. This was a girl who felt the music to her very core and worked her body to its limits in appreciation for it. Marshall watched in awe as she spun, shook and caressed her own body, totally oblivious to everyone around her. 

He gulped down the rest of his drink and turned to order another, only half-turning to the bartender so he could keep watching the goddess on the stage. For an hour, he stood rooted to his spot, his only movement the half-turn in search of another drink. His saucer-wide eyes strayed from the schoolgirl's body only to regard the crowd in front of her. Dozens of men, and more than a few women were obviously as taken with her as he was. For a moment, he contemplated pushing his way to the front and approaching her. He even thought that she had glanced in his direction a few times; but, in the end, his cowardice overcame his lust and he resigned himself to watching.



Chapter Five

"Oh, Jesus Christ, could this guy strap a pair on already! She's practically fucking him with her eyes, for God's sake. How much more could I have built his confidence?"

The Director's earlier calm had been steadily worn away as Marshall continued to slouch in place instead of following the outline she had written up for this scene. She had thought for sure she could get him to approach Giselle on his own. How realistic would it be for yet another beautiful girl to throw herself at the guy without a move on his part? Sheila wasn't about to let this turn until the usual porn silliness. The overall movie would have to be outlandish in the volume of his encounters, but each one was going to damn well look at least a little plausible on its own merits.

"Shit. Alright people, we're going to pull Giselle and put her back in for scene four. Get Marie and Sara in there now. This fucking guy needs to get laid soon! Camera seven, make sure you're ready, we should have him there soon."



Chapter Six

Marshall frowned as his beautiful school girl stopped dancing and disappeared from view behind the DJ Booth. He straightened up and rose to the tips of his toes, struggling in vain to catch sight of her again. He lurched in the direction she had gone and walked directly into a girl coming the other way. He reached out to steady her with both hands. Unfortunately, one hand still clutched a drink and the other lacked any semblance of motor coordination. He succeeded in dumping half a Jack and Coke down her left leg with the one hand and pawing at her breasts with the other.

A stream of apologies burst from Marshall's mouth as he jumped back from the collision. As he blubbered, he reached to the bar, snagged a handful of bar napkins and handed them to her.

"Oh fuck, I'm sorry! Are you okay? Totally my fault! I'm so frickin' clumsy. Are you alright? I wasn't watching where I was going. I'm so sorry! Can I do anything? Are you okay?"

His victim glared at him as she began to wipe off her leg, but every successive apology and inquiry as to her health served to soften her expression. Meanwhile, Marshall saw another girl over her shoulder getting a good laugh out of the whole thing. Finally, the first one finished drying herself and held up her hand to stop him.

"Enough. I'll live. You're forgiven."

Marshall visibly brightened as he quickly checked the girls out. The girl wearing his drink was Asian and very pretty. She stood about equal to his five feet, ten inches and had long, black hair and an open, friendly smile that was finally making an appearance. She wore a red leather skirt and a sleeveless black top. The one behind her was short, Hispanic, and very curvy. She, also, had long black hair and wore a blue frilly skirt with a white tube top. He relaxed a little when he saw the Asian girl wasn't mad at him; and, buoyed by alcohol and his recent successes, he decided to talk to them.

"Hi, I'm Marshall. Please, let me buy you a drink to make up for that? I can't have an assault be your only memory of meeting me."

The girls looked at each other, the Hispanic girl shrugging and leaving the call to her friend.

"Sure," said the Asian. "I'm Sara and this is Marie. We'll take two vodka tonics."

Marshall waved for the bartender's attention and yelled the drink order down to him, including a replacement for the one he spilled. He'd been tipping well so far and got his drinks without too much delay. He turned back to the girls and handed their glasses to them, then raised his own in a toast.

"To not getting run into for the rest of the night."

The girls both laughed and touched their glasses to his. Sara, clearly the more outgoing of the two, leaned toward him to make herself heard over the music.

"Are you here on your own?"

"Yeah, I am. I was out with some friends earlier, but they had to get home and I ended up here. Somehow. How about you? Are you on your own?"

"You mean other than her?" Sara asked, pointing to Marie who was bobbing to the beat and trying to follow the conversation. "It's just us. We're both single and we couldn't get anyone else out in this heat."

"I can understand that. I'm really starting to drag myself."

At this, Sara leaned back to take a sip of her drink, one eyebrow arching mysteriously. "Maybe we can do something about that. Do you want to go sit down? I know the bouncer for the VIP section."

Marshall nodded his agreement and let Sara take his hand to lead him through the crowd. Marie grabbed him by the back of his belt and followed as they snaked their way past the center bar and toward the rear of the room. For the third time tonight, Marshall found himself in the company of attractive women he didn't know. This time, he decided not to question it and just go with the flow. 

They reached a staircase at the back of the room, where a giant in black kissed Sara on the cheek and waved them up. The VIP section was a large balcony over-looking the dance floor. It had its own bar, with gorgeous waitresses to serve the privileged and the rear was lined with deep, comfortable sofas. This part of the club was much more sparsely populated than the downstairs and the crowd looked older and better dressed. Sara led the trio to an empty couch in the corner and threw herself down on it with a sigh.

"That's better! I thought I was going to melt down there."

Marie sat down next to her, leaving room for Marshall on the other side.

"No kidding. It felt like an oven down there! I don't know how you could stand it in jeans and long sleeves, Marshall."

"Well, being incredibly fucked up helps. I'm not really feeling much of anything. This is going to sound dumb, but do you ladies come here often?"

Sara laughed and touched him on the arm. "You're right, that did sound dumb. We're here most weekends, we love DJ FIxxx."

Marshall nodded as though he had a clue who she was talking about. He was about to launch into a speech on the merits of DJ FIxxx, when he was mercifully rescued by the cocktail waitress. MTV had made him hip to the workings of VIP rooms, and he ordered a bottle of Grey Goose with tonic set-ups; trying not to imagine how much it was going to cost him. His next surprise of the evening came when Sara took that worry away by telling the waitress to charge it to the owner. Apparently, she wasn't kidding about coming here every weekend.

He turned to Sara with a grin. "Well, that kind of detracts from the drink I bought you, doesn't it?"

"Don't sweat it, honey, he's a good friend. Do you wanna dance?"

"Absolutely!"

Marshall looked down to make sure his feet were firmly planted and seemed like they might hold him up. He started to rise, but came to an abrupt halt when he felt a hand on his chest.

"Huh uh. I'm going to give you a dance."

Marshall let himself be pushed back down and sank back against the cushions as he looked up, far beyond the ability to be shocked again this evening. He watched as Sara smiled down at him and started grooving to the music coming up from below. Her movements were slow and sensuous, and her hands lustfully began to explore her own body. She stepped up to him, pushing between his legs and leaning over him, hands on his thighs for support. His eyes darted to the v-neck of her top and he was treated to a view of her small, bra-less tits. He licked his lips and stared at her turgid nipples. A swing of her head sent her silky hair cascading over his face and neck. It moved gently back and forth as she swayed and Marshall took a deep breath of her scent. 

Leaning lower, Sara's cheek met his and Marshall jumped with the spark of skin on skin. She rubbed her soft flesh against him and nuzzled into his neck, nipping softly with her front teeth. Blinded by Sara's luxurious tresses, Marshall could only feel the presence of Marie as she moved up beside him. Her knees pressed against him as she pulled her legs up on the couch and she snuggled up against his arm.

Quickly, Sara pulled back and spun around. She looked back over her shoulder and fired at him a look of pure lust. She backed up, lowering herself until she sat in his lap and began grinding herself into his crotch. Marshall could feel himself begin to stir beneath her gyrations and he shifted positions to give himself room for growth. He reached up and took Sara by the hips, while his head lolled back against the wall. He'd had many a lap dance in strip bars, but none of them had held the intensity that Sara was putting into every move. 

Her hands shifted backward to cover his, then moved down again. She moved his grip to her soft thighs, encouraging him to hook the hem of her skirt and lift it. He gladly complied and pulled until the skirt was up around her waist. Eagerly, his hands returned to her hips, caressing her upper thighs and the sides of her supple ass. His manhood was now fully hard and perfectly aligned with the cleft of her cheeks. She leaned forward, pressing back against him forcefully and slowly rubbing herself up and down his length. He closed his eyes and reveled in the sensations.

Simultaneously, Marshall felt a hand on his chest and moist lips on his neck. He looked over as Marie pulled back and smiled at him, then leaned in again to crush a wanton kiss against his mouth. Marshall returned the kiss with fervor and struggled not to cum in his pants that very second. His two previous orgasms were probably the only thing preventing him from doing just that. He shifted his left hand to Marie's thigh, caressing, squeezing and dragging his nails up and down it. Hi right hand moved up over Sara's belly and cupped her breast massaging it through her thin cotton top. She shifted her body in response to his touch. Leaning back against him, she began to move her hips in tight, jerking circles around the epicenter of his hard cock.

Forced to break the kiss, Marie rose up on her knees and diverted her attention from Marshall to her friend. With one hand on the back of the sofa for support, she gently fondled Sara's unclaimed breast with the other while kissing her passionately on the mouth. Sara moaned in delight and ground even harder against Marshall. Not wanting Marie to be left out of the fun, he slid his hand up under her skirt to caress her ass. Finding no panties to impede his progress, he decided to be bold and fumbled for her sex. With a little difficulty, he found the right spot and pushed two fingers into the girl's well-lubricated pussy. He grinned at the cry this brought from her lips and began sliding his fingers back and forth.

"The hell with this," said Sara, "I need to get fucked!"

She stood up and quickly yanked down her red thong, tossing it onto the cocktail table in front of them. Before Marshall could react to her intent, she already had his belt open and was tugging at his jeans. Panic cut through his drunken haze as he pulled his hand from Marie and reached for his pants. He sputtered in protest.

"What? Here? We can't!"

Sara ignored his protestations and, with Marie's help, overcame his defensive efforts and succeeded in taking down his jeans and underwear. Marshall continued to bluster and tried to cover himself with his hands, but the girls would have none of it. Marie grabbed his wrists and pulled them aside while Sara turned around, took hold of his cock and slowly lowered herself onto it. Even under normal conditions the out-of-shape Marshall would have struggled to thwart the determined women; but in his current state of extreme intoxication, he had no chance. As Sara sank down on him and her velvet grip took hold, he relaxed his muscles in defeat and sank deep into the couch in a mixture of humiliation and pleasure.

For a moment, Sara sat still atop him, savoring the feel of him deep inside her. Then, she placed her hands on his knees and slowly began to fuck him with long, gentle strokes. Marie let go of his wrists and placed a soft kiss on his lips, smiling at his obvious embarrassment.

"Don't worry sweetie, nobody's going to care. They're totally cool with it here."

Marshall looked around the room and saw that she was right. Of the few people that were in the VIP section, most were ignoring them completely. One or two had taken notice, but only to watch them with amused smiles. The staff had been paid handsomely not to care, but he didn't need to know that. He began to recover, until he saw the cocktail waitress heading over with their bottle. Immediately his pulse quickened again and he started trying to rise. With Sara's weight pushing back in the opposite direction, though, he quickly realized this was futile and attempted to bury his face in her hair instead.
