 Her phone call surprised me, coming as it did completely out of the blue.

"Alan," Linda's familiar voice said over the phone, "I need to talk to you about something." Linda. Tall, incredibly curvy, with some of the biggest natural breasts I'd ever fucked. Her nipples drove me crazy, and when she came, her pussy would grip my cock almost franticly. One of my favorite lays of all time, gone from my life for a couple of years, now.

It had been so long since I had heard from Linda, it was surprising that she even called at all. 

"Sure," I said, "go ahead."

"I don't exactly know what to say. You. . .I mean, you won't believe it. I don't know if you heard or not, but John Heyden has been out in Colorado here for a while, and didn't have anywhere permanent to live, so when he showed up at my door one day, I just invited him to stay for as long as he needed, until he got back on his feet."

"Wait a minute, you mean John from our school, who graduated two years' ago? What is he, like 20, now?"

"Almost 21," Linda said, her voice sounding oddly strained.

"Ok," I said, trying to imagine it. "You invited a former student to live in your house with you and the kids." This was incredibly odd behavior, and worse, it was completely out of character for her. 

Linda and I had been counselors at the same school here in Michigan together, and from working together, had developed a close bond of friendship, which then evolved into friends with benefits.  She needed to recover from her divorce, and I very much liked fucking her voluptuous body every chance I got. Then she moved to Colorado to be near her family, and that had pretty much ended my chances at nailing her sweet ass.

I remember the last time we fucked, it had been a hurried affair, only a few hours stolen together after a faculty luncheon, but we had both needed it. Kissing her goodbye had been more bittersweet than I would've expected: I think, in the end, I loved her, as a friend and as a lover, and would genuinely miss her body and her mind. 

There's only so much you can do with the kind of distance that was coming between us, and I certainly wasn't giving up my years of seniority to get a scrub job in Colorado. No, it was pretty well over between us, but I always fantasized that some day she'd show up at my door, needing to be fucked. It wasn't hard to imagine obliging her.

"Well, they're older now, and, I mean, Cindy's living here too, to help take care of the kids. You remember Cindy, of course. We've got the room, and she didn't seem to mind when I offered to let him live with us----I had thought, kind of, that maybe the two of them. . .well, anyway, you know how jealous she was of you." She just trailed off into silence. 

Linda. She had always seemed to know what she was doing, but this was just---weird. I remembered Cindy well enough. She was a graduate back when Linda and I were becoming somewhat of a thing, and Linda had hired her as babysitter to help out with the kids. Linda's schedule couldn't make everything work with just herself doing the parenting, and things were rocky between her and her ex: he traveled too much to be very much of a parent to their two kids.

Cindy was only a little over 5' tall, and Linda practically towered over her. Cindy had had a lot of issues that Linda had worked out for her during her senior year, sexual hang-ups and parental issues, all of which left Cindy incredibly grateful, even devoted, to Linda ever since. She had been a like little follower of Linda, almost worshipping her, but I always got the feeling that she wanted Linda to be some sort of mother/sex-object for her, too.

Cindy saw that Linda and I were headed for a relationship quicker than Linda did, and when it happened, she immediately treated me like a threat to her happy life. She went out of her way to be a bitch to me, and from what Linda said, she really liked to run me down when I wasn't around. I remembered Cindy's jealous anger toward me all too well, she had definitely had a crush on Linda. 

Like me, she loved who Linda was, the boldness and strength of her personality, the way she drew people to her; Cindy was probably subconsciously wanting to be in her arms, even now. But when Linda and I dated, Cindy quickly turned out to be a major bitch to me, harping whenever she got the chance, like she owned a piece of Linda. Well, whatever. If she was still trailing along in Linda's wake like a servant, I guess that was her choice.

Linda let her it continue, without encouraging it, so. . .I guess that's the way she wanted it. Linda was all kinds of weird, really, but always told me she wasn't interested in women sexually at all. And yet, there Little Miss Cindy was, living in her house and helping raise her kids. A surrogate Mommy to them, who would tow the line for Linda, agree with what she said, be supportive, be there for her, but never demand anything back? Even sex? In the past, I had fantasized about the two of them together, of Cindy gladly crawling between Linda's thighs each night to lick her to complete ecstasy. 

Sometimes Linda was just like a witchy seductress who used people's psychology against them instead of magic. 

Cindy had obviously followed the family out west. Maybe she had finally managed to seduce Linda? I liked the thought of that, somebody should certainly be fucking Linda's brains out!

"Anyway, he moved in, and everything was fine the first couple of days, he gets along well with everybody, and the kids have always really liked him, so, there was no problem on that end. And then. . .last night."

"Last night?" I couldn't imagine what he had done, but it must have been a doozy.

"Yeah. He, uh. . .well, it was late, and I had put the kids to bed hours before, and was in my room in bed, reading, and. . .and the door opened, and John walked in." I sat bolt upright in my seat when she said that, and I could feel my cock stiffening. 

"He was undressed, he only had his boxers on, and it was so odd, how he came in without knocking, just walked right in, and I couldn't help but notice his muscular chest and legs, and I even glanced at his crotch, the bulge in his boxers was really big. Alan, he came right over to the foot of the bed, just looking at me, and something. . .I mean, I couldn't believe he'd just walked right in, and was looking at me without saying a word, and then came closer, right up next to me by the bedside. 

I put down the book I had in my hands and looked up at him as he stood there, saying nothing, like he was trying to memorize my face. Well, all of a sudden he pulled his boxers down, and there it was, his cock----standing straight up only inches from my face! My god, he's huge, he's got to be 9 or 10 inches long! His cock was just incredible!

And still, even after that, he stood there with that weird look on his face! Alan, I didn't know what to do, I couldn't believe it, I was just so stunned, I didn't know he felt that way about me at all, I mean, I was his counselor in school and we've been friends online since, even though I'm a good 25 years older than he is, but he just looked at me, put his hand on the back of my head, and guided my face over to his cock."

I grinned, feeling the familiar hardening and stirring of my own cock, even though I was far from Linda's place, all those miles away in Colorado. "And it was big, and hard, and delicious, so you just. . .?"

"I was just stunned! It was like my mouth opened without my knowing it, and before I knew what to say, he was fucking my mouth, and my tongue was licking his cock and my lips were gripping it, taking it in hungrily!  

I couldn't think, I mean I was blank, if I thought anything, I just figured that, there I was, he was already in my mouth, so I might as well go with it, so I continued sucking him, licking as much of his big cock as I could, and stroking his balls. His balls were large, too, but I just couldn't get over his cock, I've never been with a guy that big, and I kept thinking about what it would feel like in my pussy, how good it would feel. 

It felt really good to suck him, too. I gripped the base of his awesome dick and did my best to deep throat him, my head bobbing up and down that amazing shaft. I was moaning around this huge cock and slurping away happily for I don't even know how long until he finally came in my mouth! 

It tasted really good, a lot like your cum, and I swallowed it gladly. I was happy that I had gotten him off, and that I was able to please him so much. It just felt. . .right, like I had done a good thing.

And then, he just left, closing the door behind him as he went. 

I sat there in my bed for at least twenty minutes, just tasting the flavor of his cum, the feel of his cock in my mouth, over and over again. Alan, what's wrong with me???" She sounded desperately concerned about her behavior, and I knew she'd be worried about the implications for her kids and her household.

"Do you regret sucking him off?" I said.

"No," she said in a small voice, "I really liked it, I mean, I didn't want to stop sucking him off at all."

"And how have things been today? With him, I mean." 

"That's the weirdest thing, he hasn't been acting any bit differently, and I've been really jumpy all day, but it hasn't seemed to bother him at all. It's like he doesn't even think about it. Alan, what do I do? I can't have this going on in the house with the kids here, what kind of message would it send them if they knew?"

"Well, make sure they don't know. Do what you want, sexually, when they're asleep or not there, it can't be that difficult, can it? Relax a bit about this, Linda. Adults have sex, you know?"

There was only silence on the other end of the line, and I could tell she was thinking a million thoughts a minute.  "Have you thought about what you'll do if he comes into your bedroom again tonight?"

"Oh god, I can't think of anything else! His body, I mean he is really athletic, and I've always thought he was a great kid, but, I mean. . ."

"Linda, for christ's sake, he's an adult, whether you think he is or not. If he comes into your bedroom tonight, suck his cock for him. He wants it, and you definitely like doing it, why don't you just make the both of you happy?"

"Oh, god, Alan, aren't you freaked out by this? I mean, isn't this making you jealous?"

"Linda, the last time we fucked was two years ago, I certainly have no claim on your body, much as I'd love to fuck you again. . .I mean, you live at least a four-hour flight away! It's not like we're going to bump into each other in the grocery store anytime soon! Listen, Linda. I've always thought that you wanted sex more than you let on, even to yourself, so maybe this is good for you, getting a little something without having to do a lot of thinking about it, no need for analysis for once."

"I. . .oh god, I just can't believe it! I couldn't tell anyone about this.  If my friends ever knew, they'd completely flip out, and my family would be horrified. . . it would ruin my life!  But I do want to suck him off, I do want him again tonight, even knowing the terrible danger. Do you think I'm terrible?"

"Linda, you may have a little submissiveness in you, after all. You might just like doing what an assertive man wants, sexually, it might just turn you on a bit. And, as far as my reaction goes, I'm as hard as a rock right now. It's really a turn-on to imagine you sucking off this young stud's cock. So, do you think it'll go further now. . .do you think he'll actually fuck you tonight?"

"Oh, Alan, I don't know, I don't know if I could face that, I mean----" I cut her off mid-sentence.

"Bullshit, Linda, you know you've thought about it. His hard, young body thrusting against you, you've been thinking about it all day. You know you have, don't lie!"

"Alan, you don't know everything about me, I'm not that way, you can't sexualize me like that. . ."

"Maybe not, but it sounds like HE certainly is sexualizing you! Well, tell you what, you see how it goes, then call me alanorrow. I've GOT to hear about how this all turns out."

"Okay, I will. I mean, I can still taste him, just like it was with you. . .You really do want me to suck him off again? You think it's okay?"

"I think you owe it to yourself. And when we hang up, I'm going to be imagining him fucking your hot mouth while I jerk off, Linda. Call me alanorrow." 

It was a week before I did get a call from Linda, and I'd been dying to know what the hell was going on. I kept imagining him coming in to fuck her, it always got me hot, thinking about her body, the big boobs with the long protruding nipples, her furry pussy, and her sweet ass that practically begged to be grabbed. I could never get enough fucking from her, she always left me waiting for more, even while she tried to maintain her responsible mother / professional woman lifestyle. But she kept coming back to me because I kept getting her off. Those sex sessions had just been to rare for me, though. I wanted her again and again, not every once in a while.

"Hello?"

"Alan, it's Linda, I'm sorry I didn't call before. But, please, you've got to help me."

"What is it, Linda, what's going on?"

"It's. . .it's crazy, I mean, I think I'm going crazy. He's taking over my life."

"Who, John? What do you mean? What's he doing?"

"Well, on the night we talked, he came in again, and the same thing happened, he pulled down his briefs, and I sucked him off again. This happened two more times, then it changed."

I was getting hot and hard thinking of her helplessly sucking dick, even another guy's dick, and listened to her story.

"The next night he came in completely naked, and I just stared as he walked in. His body's so young, so muscular, and firm, and poking out at me was that cock of his! I couldn't help but watch his cock sway as he walked toward me, and then he was right next to me again.

Our eyes met, and he had an odd expression on his face, like he was disappointed, and said, "How come you're hair's still up? Do you sleep that way? I like it down, it's sexier." 

I sat there, helplessly, as he pulled my hair free from the clip, arranging it around my shoulders. The whole time he's doing this, I'm looking at his cock, it's only inches from my face, and I can't wait for it. I think I actually crave it! 

When he gets finished with my hair, I reach out and cup his cock in my hand, and start licking the tip without any encouragement, just like I was waiting for it, and I start sucking his cock and stroking his balls. 

I wanted him to really cum in my mouth, an uncontrollable explosion, I felt like I had to make up for disappointing him, so I sucked his cock for all I was worth, working my lips up and down his shaft, until I felt his cock spurt hot jets into my mouth, on my tongue, and down my throat. I kept working him, sucking his cock, and swallowing his cum, and I swear, I think I came once when I was doing it, like pleasing him and making him happy were all I wanted in the whole world. He looked really happy when he left, and I just passed right out asleep."

She ran right out of story on the other end of the line, and I waited to hear what would come next, but a long, drawn-out silence just spun out, like she was re-living it. 

"So then. . .?"

"Oh, yeah. So, I mean, then, the last three nights I've waited for him in my bed, with my hair down, and. . .and. . ."

"Come on, Linda, we've had phone sex and every other kind, you don't need to get shy, now. . ."

"Well, I. . .I've been waiting for him with my hair down, because I know he likes that, and. . .well, . . ."

"And what? What the hell else?" I couldn't believe she was having this much trouble with it all. Linda hadn't batted an eye, telling me what her husband had done with her sexually, or that she had watched a date masturbate in her car, or. . .whatever the hell else.  But this was all different, somehow.

"I waited for him naked." THAT surprised me, Linda was always so self-conscious about her body, being naked---I had always had to seduce her, undress her, make her feel really comfortable, she could never just strip down and fuck. But it looks like there was a side of her which liked being bold.

"Wow, that's fucking hot. You sitting there on the bed, not a stitch on. . ."

"Well, no, I was in bed, but I wasn't wearing a shirt or bra or panties. . ."

"So as he walked in that night he could see your boobs, at least, with your long hair down, and. . ."

"Yeah, it seemed to really get him going, he came almost instantly, playing with my boobs and pinching my nipples like that."

"So what's the problem? Has all of this disrupted the family unit?"

"No, no, nobody seems to notice what's going on, not even Cindy, but. . .Alan, I keep thinking about his cock, looking forward to bedtime, wondering whether he'll show or not, I mean, I don't know what kind of relationship this even is. I'm just some home blowjob kit for him, or something. We don't even talk about what's going on, it's. . .it's like I just do whatever he wants, sexually. Like pleasing him is what gets me off. It's. . . "

"Kinky," I finished for her. Linda always tried to veer away from being kinky herself. It was okay for other people, her friends, her family, whoever, but never her. She had liked to believe she was too liberal, too liberated, too professional, too anal, too aware psychologically----all of which, was apparently bullshit. She wanted her own kink, and it got her off.

"Yeah. Yeah, that's what it is, it's just kinky."

"So, you want to tell him to stop?"

"Mmm."

"That's not really an answer. If you want to, just tell him to stop." I let that hang out there, in the silence between us. I could feel her fidgeting, uncomfortable, all the way down the phone line in Colorado.

"Oh, so that's it. You don't want him to stop. You're in lust with this guy, and you want to fuck his brains out, but you're too prudish to admit it."

"Shut up, I'm not a prude!"

"You definitely are, Linda. You can't admit to your own sex drive, with all its kinks, and something comes along and slaps you in the face, like his cock I guess, and you still can't admit it! But you want it, and you know it. So, what the hell? I say, fuck him. Get really down and nasty with him, he's already in your house, you know he wants your pussy, get ready for him for real, and fuck his brains out. Commit to your kink, Linda, even if just for once."

"I. . .I don't even think I could bring it up to him, we have this pattern. . .of no talking, and me sucking his cock, and. . ."

"Okay, so do this: tonight, be naked. Sit on the foot of your bed, waiting for him, your hair down, and ready to be fucked. He'll certainly fuck you, have no doubt. You've already been part-way naked with him, now go all the way. And don't be coy about it, face the door, and lean back, with your legs spread for him. Show him that sweet, wet pussy of yours, just waiting to be fucked. He'll fuck you. God, I'd fuck you right now, if I were only a few states closer. . ."

"I wish you were! Did you know I'm coming back in a couple of weeks, for a visit? I could stop by and see you. . ."

"Only if you're okay with me fucking the hell out of you----you wouldn't make it two steps inside my place before I started ripping off your clothes!"

"Oh, god, I DO wish I were there right now," she breathed into the phone.

"Well, just put your other hand down between your legs, baby, and touch that juicy pussy for a minute while you listen to my voice. . ."

Linda didn't call for another 10 days, at which point I was more than antsy to hear about her sexcapades. This time, she sounded even more desperate than before.

"Alan, please, I need to see you alanorrow. Will you be home?" She asked breathlessly.

"Sure, I can be here. What's up? More sex from your houseguest?"
