 Jillian was studying in the library when her best friend Lindsay rushed in, looking like she had the fright of her life. She could barely contain herself as she hustled Jillian over into a corner. Looking around nervously, her eyes darting back and forth, she looked scared and nervous and excited all at once. 

Jillian was concerned as her friend was ordinarily not like this at all, she was a fun loving happy go lucky type, a cute as a button blonde with shoulder length straight hair, an adorable face, small but perfect breasts and an ass that Jillian would kill for. Not that Jillian had any worries in the looks department, either. She was a tall tanned brunette with long legs and beautiful breasts. The two were co captains on the cheerleading squad and inseparable since they were kids. Lindsay was a month younger than Jillian, having just celebrated her 18th birthday. 

"Linds, what the hell is the matter?" she asked.

"OMG OMG I think he fucked her. I can't believe it, I think he fucked her! Holy shit!" Lindsay babbled. 

"Who? what? Lindsay, look at me!" Jillian grabbed the blonde by her arms and shook her.

Lindsay seemed to calm down, she lowered her voice to a whisper, pulled Jillian closer and told her story.

It had started when she and another girl, Lisa Vasquez, a gorgeous Spanish girl that both Jillian and Lindsay had classes with, were summoned to the professor's office. Lindsay was a little concerned that she was in trouble (Lindsay was always in trouble) but Lisa was scared to death, and Lindsay couldn't figure out why. All Lisa would say was

"It's my turn, it's my turn." She was shaking as they went into the professors' office. The Professors' secretary, Ms Collins, gave them an odd smile as they waited outside his door. 

Lindsay always thought Ms Collins dressed like some sort of stripper instead of an office worker, her curvy body barely covered by her short skirt and blazer with a see through blouse. A lot of the girls theorized that her and the professor had a thing going. Lindsay couldn't help notice that the older woman's nipples were hard and sticking straight out of her shirt. Odd since it wasn't cold at all in the office.Lindsay noticed with a shock that Ms Collins was staring directly at her and Lisa's tits. She ruffled through her papers on her desk, and asked Lisa and Lindsay to both confirm their birth dates, which Lindsay thought odd. Lisa, like Lindsay, had also very recently turned 18. 

The intercom buzzed, and Ms Collins ushered the two girls into the professors office. Lindsay's heart sank as she saw the look on the professor's face. Definitely trouble, she thought. Ms Collins steered the two girls into two chairs in front of the professor's desk and then left, closing the door as she walked out, one last smirk in the girls direction as she went.

The professor was sitting at his desk, glowering, and wasted no time getting down to business. He pulled out a plastic baggie and tossed it on the desk. Staring directly at Lindsay, who knew she was screwed even before the unmistakably sweet smell of the weed hit her nostrils, as she recognized the bag she had thought safely hidden in the bottom of her gym locker.

"Fuck." She said softly.

"Indeed." The professor replied. Lisa looked petrified, and Lindsay was confused. Lisa Vasquez wasn't the sort to get into trouble, she was studious and quiet. She couldn't help having the body of a porn star. 

"Welcome back, Lisa." The professor said, staring the young girl down for a long moment, making her uncomfortable under his gaze. 

Indifferent, the professor noted with a smirk the silver cross on a chain that hung between Lisa's perfect dark breasts, her v neck sweater accenting them perfectly. Lisa couldn't meet the professor's eye, and was shaking like crazy.

This is nuts, Lindsay thought. Why bring Lisa in? The professor steepled his hands and stared at the two frazzled young girls for another long moment.

"So. I see a clear cut expulsion here, Lindsay, and now that you are 18, criminal charges as well. Nice work. I will call your parents and the police as soon as we are done here."

"No! Please!"

The professor held up a hand for silence.

"Or, we can handle this in house." He stood up, suddenly, alarmingly. The girls shrank back a little in their seats. The professor put his hands on his desk and leaned forward, looming over them.

"Decide! Now!" He demanded.

Lindsay was thoroughly intimidated by now, and had no choice anyway, Lindsay was dead if her mom and step douche found out. Plus, endless detention or whatever she could handle, most of the teachers assigned to detention were the gym and shop teachers and were easy prey to a few panty shots and bicep feels.

Lisa was saying no, though. Shaking her head like crazy. 

"I can't." "I can't" she kept saying.

"That's fine Lisa, I will call Juvenile Detention to take your brother away as soon as I finish with Lindsay." Said the professor calmly. 

"NO!" sobbed Lisa.

"Then you agree?" The professor asked, and the distraught young girl nodded.

Both girls agreed to submit to the school discipline instead of legal action. The professor buzzed his intercom, telling Ms Collins to hold his calls, stood up and walked from behind his desk, raising each girl to her feet and telling them to face the front of the class. He walked around behind them, and when Lindsay turned her head to see him, he snapped

"Keep your eyes front! The next girl that turns her head, I call the police." Hastily, Lindsay turned her eyes to the front of the classroom. Noting as she turned that Lisa had never wavered, her eyes locked in front of her.

"Both of you lean forward and put both palms on the desk." the professor ordered. 

What? Lindsay thought. She half turned, then caught herself, just as the professor barked

"Now!" 

Hastily she complied, again noting that Lisa had done it immediately, obediently. Palms on the desk, she was acutely aware that her too short for regulation cheerleading skirt was not covering her tiny panty clad ass, something the professor was in a position to notice.

The professor opened the classroom cabinet, and again, Lindsay fought the urge to turn.

"You girls need to learn a lesson." The professor said from right behind Lindsay. "A spanking is just the thing, I think."

"What?" Lindsay said, straightening up.

"Silence!" The professor said, "One more time and its right to jail! One more time!"

Lindsay believed him, he was so angry. She meekly complied and was determined not to screw up again. The professor flipped her skirt up onto her back, and the urge to say something, anything was incredible, but Lindsay forced herself to stay silent. Even when the professor wacked her hard on her ass, three or four times with a wooden paddle. Then he stopped and there was silence for a long moment. 

Lindsay stood there, bent over, her legs spread and her ass aching. Wondering where the professor was? What was he doing? Then suddenly, she felt a presence behind her, looming closer, and shockingly, amazingly, so lightly that she couldn't be sure, she felt hot breath between her legs, on her pussy from behind. She wondered, was her professor's head inches from her ass right now? 

There was movement behind her, and the sensation went away, but Lindsay couldn't really tell what was going on. It seemed that the professor had moved over to Lisa, then She heard the zip as Lisa's jeans opened, and the rustling as they hit the floor. She pictured Lisa's tanned body bent over the desk, but dared not look.

"Eyes front,Lindsay." The professor reminded her, as if reading her thoughts. She could tell with her peripheral vision when Lisa's hands came off the desk next to here, and she could also tell that when they were returned a few seconds later that Lisa no longer had her sweater on. She wondered if the professor was going to strip her as well? She hadn't heard any paddling going on, which annoyed her a little bit, her ass still smarting. But she started to hear something else, like the professor was eating something. 

Meanwhile, Lisa had started sobbing and moaning, now more moaning than sobbing, actually, she was really moaning now...

Oh my god! Lindsay thought. No, it couldn't be. Could it? 

She heard the professor move, it definitely sounded like someone standing up from a kneeling position. To her right, Lisa was whispering 

"No..no..no..no." but softly without conviction. The professor said one word to Lisa.

"Yes." 

Then, anticipating Lindsay again, he said 

"Eyes Front!" 

Lindsay's heart raced as she heard the sound of another zipper. She shivered as she knew Lisa's jeans were long gone. She felt ridiculous leaning forward with her ass sticking out, while her professor may or may not be about to fuck her friend right next to her, but she dared not move. 

Then, suddenly, the professor was right behind her, she felt his presence looming over her. Was he naked? She didn't know! He stepped even closer, she could feel his shoes against the inside of her sneakers. Wait, did his dick just touch her through panties? It was so slight, she couldn't tell. She felt a burning sensation as her little box responded to all the stimulation her senses had been experiencing. 

Then the professor stepped back. Before Lindsay could relax, though, she again felt that hot breath on her panties from behind, and this time she could have sworn she heard the professor take a deep intake of breath as well. 

Then he was gone. she next heard his voice back from behind her to the right, behind Lisa. 

"Lindsay you can go. I'll summon you later." 

Lisa started to cry again. 

"But.." Lindsay started to protest. 

"GO. And do not look back. Or else." 

Lindsay went. She didn't want to know what the or else was, but she did pause at the door when she heard Lisa give a sharp cry of pain mixed with something else. She barely noticed Ms Collins' leer as she raced out of the office, nor did she see the professor's sexy secretary turn up the radio in the waiting room before slipping quietly into the professor's office. 

She ran straight into the library looking for her best friend Jillian. and here she was. 

Jillian was amazed by the story, she couldn't believe it. She kept asking for details, and cross examining Lindsay, who she knew to be a little dizzy. 

"You don't think he really fucked her, do you?"

she asked skeptically. 

"I don't know!" Lindsay fumed. "I couldn't see, but something was definitely going on." 

The two girls went to their next class, with Lindsay pointing out to Jillian that Lisa's seat was empty! Ms Jackson told the class that Lisa was feeling exhausted and was in the nurse's office lying down. Which Lindsay muttered "I bet she's exhausted." Which made Jillian giggle. 

Neither girl was laughing towards the end of class when Ms Jackson took a phone call from the office and told Lindsay and Jillian they were wanted in the professor's office!