 Exercising his usual caution, Steve Hammer sat quietly in his car observing the customers entering the village barber's shop.

It seemed a perfectly normal establishment from the outside, just a small gent's hairdresser, but the number of clients seemed out of proportion to the size of the tiny community and, what's more, at least half of them were women.

He was a good-looking guy, in a swarthy sort of way.

Tall, dark and well built. He was accustomed to living off his wits.

Employed as a reporter by an international men's magazine, he specialised in sexual exposé. Sometimes his articles would reveal a scandal while, at other times, he simply wrote about his own adventures with the opposite gender.

He had a reputation as an intrepid stud, sporting oversized equipment that females fought over. If he was stuck for a story with a deadline to meet, he'd simply select and seduce the most comely woman available and then interview her about the experience.

His written exploits were so famous, featured under the title of 'The Hammer Challenge', that the publication was frequently inundated with letters from women volunteering to be his next subject.

However, this was apparently something else. His boss had received an anonymous tip-off that the address now being perused contained a story worthy of the front page.

'Don't ask me what it's about,' the editor had growled. 'I'm told you should ask for the special treatment and then see what happens.'

Okay, he thought with a sigh, let's go and see what they're hiding.

An old-fashioned hand bell mounted above the door clanged as he entered. Despite the volume of patronage that he'd witnessed entering the shop, there was one customer receiving a haircut and only two others waiting.

'Can I help you?' The stunning lass using the clippers paused from trimming her client's neck.

Steve eyed her quickly from head to toe.

Early twenties, blonde tresses, big boobs, short skirt stretched tight across a shapely rump and long slender legs leading to bare feet.

Oh, yes, he mused as his cock grew, I reckon you could be a big help to me!

'What can I do for you?' She smiled sexily, conscious of his appraisal, but impatient with his hesitation.

'I've come for a special,' he said speculatively.

'Oh, right,' she grinned knowingly and indicated to the far side of the room. 'Then it's Brenda you want. Through the door over there, down the passage and the waiting room is the second on the left. She won't keep you long.'

He'd barely settled himself into an armchair when the woman arrived. Short and slight, with long black hair that hung straight to her bum, she was beautiful. Wearing a silk dressing gown, she padded across to him on bare feet and knocked him dead with a smile that sent shivers up his spine and spasms along his dick.

'Hello, I've not seen you here before,' she murmured quietly. 'I take it you're from up the road?'

'Err, yea, that's right,' he mumbled, full of confusion. 'They told me to come for a special.'

'Yes, well they would, wouldn't they?' She smiled again, wrinkling her snub nose. 'You can't belong to the club without the treatment.'

'Of course not,' he replied, wondering what he'd let himself in for as he gazed into her doe eyes and attempted to hide his erection by leaning forward.

'Do you want a total, or a partial?'

'I'm not sure, what would you recommend?'

'Depends how much you've got,' Brenda said, 'how about we go next door and survey the situation?'

They entered a brightly-lit room, furnished as a hair salon, but with a single bed replacing the usual chair.

'Okay, strip off and let's take a look,' Brenda instructed in a business like way.

Still bewildered, Steve decided to follow the charade through to the end. Modestly, he turned his back to the woman and peeled off his clothing.

'Right, up onto the bed,' she ordered, coming around to face him as she slipped out of the robe.

He sat on the bed and gazed in awe at the figure in front of him. Slim, supple and sexy. Small, perfect breasts. Slender waist. Smooth, depilated crotch, as flawless as a split peach nestling between lean thighs.

Probably got some oriental parentage, he thought irrelevantly as his senses ran riot and his male appendage stretched for the ceiling.

'Please get onto the bed properly...Oh, my God!" Brenda's command died away as she caught sight of his huge penis throbbing with excitement. 'Is that real?'

'You'd better believe it,' Steve smirked, now comfortable with his belief that a routine romp was imminent. 'So how do you want it?'

'Me? I don't want it at all,' his companion replied sharply. 'What do you think this is, a brothel?'

'W,well, no, not exactly,' he stuttered, completely flummoxed. 'I wasn't told what to expect.'

'You do come from the nudist club up the road?'

'Sure do,' he lied, realising the situation was slipping away from him.

'And you want to join the Smoothie Set?' Her eyes twinkled as she fired the question.

He nodded.

'Then I'm here to remove your bush and fluff,' she grinned while running her fingers across his hairy chest. 'Mind you, I can see it will be a major operation in your case. Looks like an all over wax job, which I only do by special appointment because of the time it takes. We close for lunch in half an hour, so I suggest we limit this session to a shave of the nether region. Okay?'

'All right,' Steve croaked as the reality of his predicament dawned, 'but I hope there will be time to introduce my friend a little more intimately when you've finished defoliating him!'

'Forget it,' she snapped abruptly, 'my persuasion is elsewhere.'

Disappointed, he decided to let her go ahead, if only to give him a further chance to fulfil his ambition with her.

Watching with trepidation as she lathered his balls and then approached with a cut-throat razor, he decided to remain silent until the more vulnerable parts were complete.

She was a professional, scraping his cock and scrotum with a few deft strokes until they were bald.

With a sense of relief he felt her fingers check the smooth skin of his still erect shaft and ball bag before moving onto the safer region of his belly.

He raised his head to look at her perfect body and knew he wouldn't be able to rest until he'd lain between her slender thighs. Mentally he was already visualising his manhood sliding in and out of her sensual slit.

He caught his breath and tried to control himself. Somehow he knew this wasn't going to be the usual pushover. So now was the time to resume his pitch.

'How did you come to provide this service?' He murmured softly.

'Just making use of an available niche market,' she explained. 'It helps to boost what would otherwise be a pretty small business. I do the men and my husband deals with the women. It's a pretty steady trade.'

'So why is it necessary for you to be nude?'

'It pleases the clients and makes the task easier as most men perk up when I'm naked. Have you ever tried to shave a flaccid penis?'

'Oh! I understand,' he smiled, 'but don't you get frustrated handling the aroused cocks?'

'No, I prefer my own kind. That's why my husband does the females - to stop me getting carried away with them.'

'And you trust him to remain in control?'

'Of course not. He makes it with several of our regular customers, but thankfully that stops him getting any ideas about having me.'

'What an odd outlook. Why are you married if you're a lesbian?'

'There are other advantages, marriage is not just about sex. He's a nice man, we enjoy each other's company and share everything except his bed,' she explained without emotion. 'My bed-mate is his sister, who you'll have met in the shop. Emily is just perfect for me.'

Steve recalled the gorgeous girl doing the haircut and found it difficult to accept she wasn't available to fuck a man.

'But she hasn't got the right equipment to make love as you should both enjoy it,' he replied with a tinge of disappointment in his voice.

'That's what you think. Her fingers and tongue are more loving than your great lump of meat could ever be, and, when I need more penetration, she's got a lovely nine inch vibrator that's bigger and lasts longer than any man I've heard of.'

'I've got a bit more than nine inches,' Steve whispered suggestively as she finished his belly and reached for some talcum powder, 'and my staying power isn't at all bad. Are you sure I can't tempt you with the real thing?'

'I acknowledge the size,' she said breathlessly, closing her fist around the shaft, 'and the girth is much more than Emily's tool, but how much control do you have over this beast?'

'Enough.'

'How about I set you a little test?' She muttered mischievously. 'I'll suck you off and then go to wash my hands. If your erection is restored by the time I return, I just might be interested. Are you up to the challenge?'

'Try me...'

Before he'd finished the invitation she had bent over and wrapped her lips around his knob. Instinctively she attempted to take it into her mouth, but its size was obviously too uncomfortable, so she slipped back to sucking and licking it like a lollipop while simultaneously using her hand to pump the pillar of his manhood.

For a brief minute he watched her at work, the expression on her face, the sway of her tits following the movement of her head and the gorgeous little ass reflected in the mirror and then surrendered to the orgasmic frenzy that pumped a gush of semen onto her tongue.

His cock was still tingling and oozing fluid when she withdrew, wiped her face with a towel and reiterated the challenge.

'You are the first customer I've done that to, everybody else has to rush to the toilet to seek a solo solution,' she chuckled, 'but now it's your turn. You've got a maximum of five minutes while I shut up shop. If you're ready by then, we'll fuck. If not, you'd better shove off and let me find solace with Emily.'

He laid still and concentrated on his memory of her luscious little body. The dark brown, hard little nipples standing proud on her breasts, the trim waist, the cheeky bum and, best of all, the sensuous slit snuggling between those slim thighs.

Long before the appointed time he was ready, willing and impatient for the promised action.

She returned with Emily.

Both were naked and obviously excited by the opportunity available to them.Brenda's companion gazed wistfully at the throbbing erection, gasped when it twitched and started an involuntary massage at the open lips of her vulva.

'Cripes, I've never seen anything like that before,' she mumbled, 'will you share it with me?'

'Well, I'm going first,' her friend stated firmly. 'Then we'll see. Grease him for me while I get ready.'

Steve watched silently, nearly bursting with anticipation, while Emily applied copious amounts of lubricating jelly to his shaft and Brenda smoothed the same into the entrance of her cunt. Then she scrambled on top of him and gradually lowered herself into his lap while her mate guided the pulsating pole in on target.

It was tight, very tight. Slowly, very slowly, the mammoth member inched deeper until it would go no further. Brenda leaned forward and placed her hands on his chest, lifting herself slightly before settling down again. The expression on her face reflected the pleasure emanating from her core. Again, she raised her posterior a few inches and thrust down hard.

Again and again, she repeated the movement until Steve picked up the rhythm and began to leisurely take over the motion.

As he pushed back and forth, her eyes glazed over and she started to bite her bottom lip between short bursts of breath. The skin above her breasts flushed and her heartbeat could be heard across the room. Then, with a shriek of ecstasy, she quivered while the orgasm rippled through her body simultaneous with Steve's juice discharging deep into her interior.

'That was terrific,' she breathed a few minutes later as she eased herself from his softening member. 'Definitely worth going against my principles for!'

'Sod your principles,' Emily groaned, 'just get him together again so that I can have a go.'

Steve was now feeling that this morning was turning into an adventure worth recording. He looked at Emily, taking in her pensive look before registering the blonde tresses, generous boobs and damp thighs.

She was obviously hot and ready.

That thought was enough to trigger his cock back to a state of readiness.

'Jesus,' Emily exclaimed with joy, 'he's a bloody sex machine. I'm gonna grab my slice of that right now.'

Mounting him with enthusiasm, she impaled herself and sat down hard. The combination of the previous lubrication and her own wetness enabled it to slip in up to the hilt.

She was in no mood to waste time, moving up and down his weapon until he was provoked into taking over. His penis pumped in and out like a piston while she leaned back, enjoying every moment of the frenzied foray and climaxing twice before she felt him shoot into her depths.

Emily then sat still, refusing to release his tool, while indicating to her mate to join her on the bed.

Before he knew what was planned, Steve found Brenda's knees on either side of his head while her still dripping orifice pressed on his mouth.

He got the message and started to work with his tongue while the women leaned forward to kiss and embrace each other. The realisation that he was coping with two at a time was enough to regenerate his libido yet again, and he proceeded to provide further orgasmic delight to both until, with an almost simultaneous groan of ecstasy they collapsed with exhaustion.

It was well into the afternoon before the shop reopened.

Emily, somewhat cross-eyed, approached her first customer with shaking scissors while Brenda said goodbye to Steve.

'Thanks for everything, I guess we both beat the challenge,' she smiled slyly. 'Just one thing. Are you sure your name is Steve Hammer, not Steam Hammer?!?'

'What? You know my name?'

'Of course, Mr. Smoothie,' Brenda grinned. 'Who do you think called your editor?'