 I decided to just call it a night early and was in my room reading when I heard the knock. Only one person knocked like that: my boss.

"Bonjour Didier. Ca Va? Is anything wrong?" I asked.

Didier was an athletic 50ish Frenchman who was in charge of several properties. He was smart, efficient, had a low tolerance for bullshit and let me do whatever the fuck I wanted. He was also very gay but unless someone told you you'd never even suspect. He had an 18 year old live-in boyfriend who I knew too. He knew I was straight or at least mostly straight and he was cool with it.

"I really hate to bother you but the man who rented the club was asking about you. Think you can come down for a visit?" Didier HATED this kind of thing. He would never do a command performance and you could tell he felt pretty stupid asking me. Considering all the shit I pulled and had only gotten a laugh from him rather than canned I had to go.

"Of course. Would you like to come in for a drink while I change?" I asked. I had a bottle of of his IDOL vodka that had never been opened in the bar. Just in case he ever stopped in.

"Oui that would be great."

He came in and sat down on the couch. I poured him a shirt glass without ice while he looked around.

"Where do you get all this stuff? Where did you get that bar? Its beautiful!" he admired.

"One of our maintenance guys does wood work. He made it for me. Nice work huh?"

"Very." He downed his drink and I refilled it. Then walked back to the bathroom to rinse off and dress. Didier came back and we talked while I dressed. The thing about the club is that you see people naked all the time and don't think twice about it. Usually there's nothing sexual about it. After a few times of being nude around several beautiful girls who are also naked it becomes the norm.

I asked if her wanted a refill before we left. He smiled and said, "No we better go before Tomas (his boyfriend) thinks I'm sucking your cock."

We both laughed and headed to the club. Just before we entered he said, "Be nice. This man has rented the entire club. Not just the nightclub. He has free access to everywhere."

Shit. Being nice to a rich asshole was one thing. Being nice to a rich asshole who smacks his wife around is another. Especially if his wife's asshole cherry is in my room somewhere.

I hadn't been in the nightclub for 30 seconds before one of the waiters said to me,"The host and his party would like you to join them near the dais."

I walked towards the group. Lindsey's husband was a large man. Probably 225 that one time was muscle had gone to fat. He was holding court to several people who were standing while he sat. He studied me as I approached. I kept a neutral smile on my face as I introduced myself," Good Evening. You throw quite a party," and offered my hand.

"Heard a lot about you. Lindsey couldn't shut up about you when she started there. How's she working out?" he said without regard to her sitting right next to him.

Sitting to his left was the largest woman I had ever seen. Her head was even with his. She had the strangest hair...cut and styled like someone twice her age and dyed blond. She wore a very expensive light blue cocktail dress that displayed a spectacular set of tits. Her tanned face was exquisitely made up. But she was so big I looked for an Adam's Apple. She very politely said to Lindsey's husband, "Do you always have to be such an asshole, Chris? Lindsey is sitting right next to you."

Lindsey looked away and the "woman" extended her hand. "I'm Mary. Nice to meet you. Lindsey mentioned you. I'm glad she's happy with her work."

I took her large hand in mine and looked into her eyes. It was too dark in the club to see properly but she was giving me a look that was half apologetic and half appreciative. Her grip was mannish and firm. This HAD to be a transvestite.

She folded my hand to her arm and pulled me next to her on the couch. "Sit here next to me and tell me all about Lindsey," she said. "She loves working for you." My arm grazed her tits....did she do that deliberately? These weren't man made. Soft like a real breast not hard at all like implants. Maybe they were real after all.

"She quite an asset. She really got the place running well," I said. I was intrigued but curious. First why was this woman who I just met being so friendly? Second why all the attention?

After what I considered enough time making polite conversation I attempted to leave. Mary kept hold of my arm.

"Stay here. We're all having such a good time. Ignore Chris. He's being even worse than normal tonight."

Chris tried several times to engage me in conversation. All of his comments were thinly veiled insults. Funny thing was that he just didn't seem to realize I didn't care. To me he was another rich asshole who I'd never see again.

"Join us for dinner? You can be my date," Mary said.

"Yeah come with us," Lindsey joined in.

Shit.

Dinner was pretty uneventful. All the way up to Lindsey's husband consuming an enormous amount of alcohol. By the time entrees arrived he just sat there mumbling to himself and laughing occasionally. I spent a nice time talking to both Mary and Lindsey in turn. I was having a good time talking and laughing when Lindsey put her hand on my thigh. Her tiny hand crept its way to my crotch while I tried to be as casual as possible. Mary excused herself to go to the bathroom. Chris was in a stupor now so I ignored him as I unzipped and pulled my cock out. Lindsey stroked me gently under the table. I spotted Mary coming back to the table and smiled at her.

She sat down and leaned in to whisper in my ear. Her hand touched my thigh then to my crotch to be met by my throbbing cock and Lyndsey's hand. Her eyes flew to meet mine and she looked over at Lindsey.

Mary leaned back to me and whispered, "How long have you been fucking my sister in law?"

I almost had a heart attack. I looked over at Lindsey who now was suddenly sitting as far away from me in her chair as possible. "Do you mean how long do I fuck her or how long have we been fucking?" I asked. I was busted as hell. There was no way out of this and we were at the mercy of this woman. Or at least Lindsey was.

"About 3 weeks right? Because Lindsey was miserable until the day she came home and wouldn't sit at the table with us for dinner," Mary guessed. "My brother is an asshole. Always was." She leaned farther over and said, "Good for you Lindsey". Then her hand went back to my softening cock.

"Mind if I borrow him for tonight?" she said to Lindsey running her nails over my cock then stroking lightly.

I couldn't believe what was happening. I'm sitting across from my little love slave and her husband and sister in law who is now bargaining for me.

Lindsey was speechless. She opened her mouth to answer several times but nothing came out.

"Why don't we have a contest? I'll do 10 strokes under the table and you do that too. Whoever makes him cum wins!" Mary said.

Mary did 10 strokes, Lindsey did 10 tentative strokes back and forth. Soon both hands were on my cock and when I came the both had their hands pumping me. Mary pulled her hand out and licked her cum covered fingers. "Wow! That's pretty good! Does he always taste like that?" she asked Lindsey.

Lindsey looked at her husband who was slumping at the table before she answered. She licked her fingers discretely and said, "Yeah that's how he tastes."

"If he fucks as good as he tastes I'm going to have a wonderful night!" Mary declared.

Lindsey's looked at me pleadingly. She didn't want me fucking her sister in law but she also didn't want her husband to find out. I settled it for her.

"That sounds like fun, Mary. Lindsey doesn't mind, do you?" I asked her.

"Does anyone need to know about this?" she asked.

"Nobody will hear about this from me, Lindsey. What are sisters for? We share things," Mary told her.

We put Chris in a cab. I put my back to the window and kissed Lindsey hard on the mouth. She pressed her body to mine tightly and whispered, "Be nice to Mary. I'll tell you why tomorrow." Then she kissed me again and got into the cab.

It was silent in the car at first on the back to the resort. I had to say something to Mary about the situation.

"Mary, Chris had best not find out about me fucking Lindsey. She is my slave at work. She is my slave when we're fucking. She's been very submissive to me and that's how she'll stay. Is that clear?" I told her. This was getting sticky. Until now everything could be explained away by too much booze. I needed to make sure Lindsey didn't get hurt in all this.

Mary chuckled. Then laughed. Then laughed again. "Forget about Lindsey. Forget about Chris. It's just us now," she said huskily. 

We parked and walked to my room. We got inside and I pressed her up against the door and kissed her. For the first time in my life I had to tilt my head up to do that. She was a very good kisser and our tongues dueled while her rack pressed against my chest. I slid my hand up to the back of her neck to tease her hair.

Her wig slipped.

FUCK! I knew it was a guy!

Mary broke out embrace. She lifted her hand to her head and pulled off her wig. She was completely bald.

"Chemo," she said simply waiting for my reaction.

I lifted my hands to her face and caressed her cheek. Then I kissed her hard on the mouth and pulled the bottom of her dress up. I peeled her panties right off of her and dropped to my knees. I reached one hand between her legs up passed her ass to the small of her back pulling her cunt right onto my face. She was as smooth down there as her scalp. My tongue found her clit and I sucked in into my mouth. Holding it hard with my lips I flicked my tongue over it from under to over hard and fast while she moaned and cooed above me. Her hands found my head and she raked her fingers through my hair as I worked her clit. I stood up, unzipped and shoved my hard cock into her standing up. She put her leg around my ass and we humped hard and fast our hands felling across each others body. She bit my shoulder and came while I pumped her. I slowed my pace then stopped. I pulled my cock out her her then taking her by the hand walked her to the bed.

I undressed her slowly running my tongue over her skin as I pulled her dress off. I removed her lacy bra to reveal the largest pair of natural tits I'd ever seen. I couldn't get two hands around one. Mary was so large framed that they looked perfect on her. I nibbled and sucked her nipples gently until she sat down on the edge of the bed. Taking my cock in her mouth she unbuckled my belt and undid my pants. I took off my shirt while she ran her hands over my ass. 10 seconds later I was as naked as she was. Looking down at her bald head I just couldn't believe this wasn't a man with big tits. At this point I really didn't care.

I pushed her back on the bed and opened her thighs. Nope. Perfectly normal pussy there. I pushed the head of my cock on her slick clit gently sliding up and down on it. She tried pulling me into her but I pushed her hands away. I slid deep inside her pussy and gave her two strokes. Then pulled out and fucked her clit again. Then back into her pussy. She took her tits in her hands squeezing them and pinching her nipples. What a sight!

After a minute or two of this she grimaced. "Do you have any lube? I dry out pretty fast," she explained.

I smiled at her and stretched over her to the night stand. She licked my balls while I fumbled in the draw.

"Olive oil?" she asked.

"Ever try to eat KY or baby oil? Yuck?" I said.

I poured the oil into her hand and she stoked it all over my cock. This time she gripped it firmly and pushed it down into her pussy. She put her legs around my back and humped up to meet my thrusts. Her tits bounced every time I slammed into her. I was mesmerized by them. We kissed back and forth and soon she was cumming again.

"Did I miss it? Did you cum?" she asked.

"Just pacing myself, Honey" I said. We fucked for a little while longer and she pushed me off of her.

"I want to taste your cum again but I want you to eat my pussy. Swing around up here and let me get it in my mouth." she demanded.

Happy to oblige I swung into position. I slide my hands under her holding her ass in my hands as I licked her clit. She engulfed my cock with her mouth swallowing me to my pubic hairs. This woman knew how to suck a cock! Soon we were in race to see who would cum first. I pulled her cheeks apart and buried my tongue in her asshole while grinding my chin against her clit. She choked around my cock then grunted. Her asshole convulsed and she came again yelling out at the unexpected orgasm.

I moved off of her and got the olive oil. I poured it on her tits and massaged them while she purred. I straddled her and slid my cock between them. It was pure heaven. When my cock emerged from them she caught the head with her mouth. I enjoyed the site of her oily tits and my cock sliding between them.

"Swing around up here again," Mary told me.

Thinking she wanted more 69 I complied. "No, fuck my tits from here," she said. I though OK this was strange but here goes. Her big hands gripped my ass cheeks as I pushed her tits together. As I slid forward between them she licked my balls then continued down to my asshole. It was amazing. She held my ass still for a second and tongue fucked me. I groaned out loud and started breathing quickly. She kept up that hard stabbing into my asshole while I fucked that giant rack. I guess she got impatient because she slid a finger up my ass, hit my prostate and gently rubbed.

That was it. My asshole clamped down on her finger and I bucked on top of her. She wiggled under me getting my cock back into her mouth and deep throated me while massaging my prostate. Involuntarily my hips thrust forward sending me deep into her throat. She pulled me even deeper and I shot hot sticky cum into her throat. She pulled back a little so I shot the rest in her mouth. I kept spasming and shooting even after no more cum came out of me. She kept massaging and finger fucking me the while.

When I could speak again I panted out "That...was...incredible!"

I rolled off of her and lay next to her.

"You have such amazing breasts. So firm and so big," I complimented her.

"Not bad for a 52 year old broad, eh?" she smiled.

I was stunned! There was no way.

"Those aren't implants. How do they stay like that?" I asked.

"I work out every day plus I had a breast reduction."

"Reduction? You're joking?" I asked in disbelief.

"They used to be bigger but they sagged. I have an awesome plastic surgeon," She rolled onto her back playing with my soft cock and continued. "It's been a long time since I've been with anybody. My husband and I used to fuck all the time everywhere. He passed about two years ago and I haven't found the desire to have sex with anyone."

"Why me?" I asked.

"Because you walked into the club and I saw Lindsey's reaction to you. I knew you were fucking her. There's been a change in her the past month or so and I wondered if she found someone. My brother is not a nice guy. I'm glad for her."

Mary rolled onto her back. Her ass looked magnificent. It was still strange to me being in bed with someone my size.

"This isn't quite what you think. We have more of a Dom Sub relationship. It didn't start out that way but she is so..so.."

"Naive? Inexperienced?" she proffered.

"Abysmally! I'm too young to be teaching someone," I told her.

"How old are you?" she wanted to know. When I told her she nearly flipped. "OMIGOD your less than half my age??? I have children older than you" she claimed.

Well that settled whether she was a man or not.

"Honey, that's not gonna stop me from fucking your ass." I laughed.

"Speaking of which, did you fuck Lindsey's ass? The day she came home and wouldn't sit?" I nodded and she laughed.

"Well I haven't done that in years so go slow, OK?" she said.

"Suck my cock some more and get me hard," I commanded.

"Yes Sir!" she said going down on me.

Soon I was balls deep in her asshole. As gently as I started I was soon pounding her asshole hard. She kept yelling harder, faster and I complied. I'd already cum twice that night. I rode her bottom for close to an hour before I shot off inside of her. She got a warm cloth and cleaned my cock off. We fell asleep with an arm around each other.