 This is the third installment. Please read the first two, The Meeting and Nudity.

Threesome

In 2015, I moved to Florida's Gulf Coast, in Tarpon Springs. My wife was still in NY and I was free to enjoy Lisa whenever I could.

As I explored the new area, I found a nudist resort that was terrific. It was quiet, had a pool and hot tub, trails and secluded spots. I told this to Lisa and whenever she visited, we went there for the day.

Lisa fell in love with the place. There were always plenty of men to flirt with and the secluded spots were perfect for our public sex. She always had plenty of opportunity to show off her body and loved it.

Late in 2015, Lisa wanted to come down for a visit, so she asked me to make the arrangements. I told her that we would stay at the resort for four days. She was thrilled and so was I for I had a plan in mind to get her to do a threesome.

I made all the arrangements and she would be here in two weeks. 

Over a weekend, I went to the resort. I was hoping to see a friend of mine there. His name was Tom, a young man in his twenties. We had become friends while at the resort. We both came from, NY and he lived in Orlando and visited his parents at the resort.

Tom is about 5'10", 190, blonde hair and blue eyes. His cock is about 8" hard and he had nice balls. He has a completely smooth pubic area. Even though there is a significant age difference, we became friends. 

We had similar interests and we both admired each others cock and balls and on more than one occasion, we had mutually satisfying sex together at the secluded spot at the resort.

On Saturday, I saw Tom and asked him if he would be interested in doing me a very special favor. 

I asked him to take a walk with me and we headed off nude to a secluded spot. As we walked, I told him about Lisa and that I wanted to get her to do a threesome. I showed him a picture of her. on my phone and he immediately said he would help.

I told him my plan. 

I told him that Lisa and I would be fucking at the secluded spot and he would catch us and threaten to report us and get us thrown out. He would even take a video of Lisa and I fucking just in case he needed proof for her. However, he would forget the incident if she fucked him.

I told Tom that I did not know what her reaction would be if she were given the choice of being reported and fucking him to keep him quiet, since she said she never would fuck another guy with me there.

Tom and I worked out the details and all we had to do was wait for Lisa to arrive.

The day arrived and I picked up Lisa at the airport and drove her to the resort. The weather was hot but not humid and there was a breeze in the air. We arrived at the resort in the early afternoon and checked in and settled ourselves in our room.

Before we ventured out, Lisa and I fucked and I told her this was going to be great for us. She smiled and was enthusiastic about staying at the resort.

We went to the pool and Lisa was laying nude on the lounge chair with her pussy available for all to see. As we were laying down, Tom passed by and said hello smiling, gave me a quick wink and kept going.

Lisa and I staid at the pool for an hour or so and then I told Lisa I wanted to go to our secluded spot for some sex.

We got up and headed out, both of us naked. 

We reached the spot and sat on the bench. Soon we were playing with each other. I told Lisa to sit on my cock and she eased her cunt onto my cock and we started to fuck.

It was beautiful and we were enjoying our sex when I heard a noise. I looked up and there was this youngish guy watching us with his phone camera taking pictures.

I immediately pushed Lisa off my cock and asked the guy what he was doing. He said that we violated the resort's policy and he was going to get us banned from the resort.

Lisa looked terrified and begged the guy to just forget it.

The guy said he would, but on one condition. We asked what that was. He then said, "I want to fuck your girlfriend." I told him no way and that we would just leave. He said he would show the video to the office and get us thrown out, permantly.

Lisa turned to me and said, "Look, I don't want to make a big scene. It is like the guy in Georgia who we let feel me up. It is no big deal. I'll fuck him and it will be done with."

I told the guy, he can fuck her later this evening in our room. He said ok and the time was set and he went on his way.

After the guy left, we discussed what we were going to do and if she was ok with it. Lisa said she would survive as long as I was there, which I assured her I would be.

We went back to our room and tried to relax. We went for dinner and then we waited for the guy to join us in our room.

It was 7:00 p.m. and the doorbell rang. I opened the door and let the guy in. 

He was wearing shorts and a tank top. Lisa was in a pullover black dress. I was in shorts and a t-shirt.

He said since we were never introduced, his name was Tom. I told him our names. 

He then told us that he was visiting his parents who lived at the resort and when he saw Lisa laying on the lounge nude, he fell in love with her and wanted her.

He said he followed us and hoped he could see us enjoying each other. He told us he did take a video but would erase it now if we wanted him to. 

Lisa said toTom, "I am flattered that you like me but you did not have to go through all that. You should have just spoken to us."

He agreed that he made a mistake but just wanted to let us know and that he would not demand Lisa to fuck him. He then apologized and started out the door.

Lisa yelled out, "Tom, wait a second. Go outside for a minute."

I asked Lisa what was she doing. She said she felt sorry for him. I said, "So, what does that mean?"

Lisa then said, "Look, the last time you said you wanted me to do a threesome, so let's do it now. He is cute and young and it might be fun." I asked if she was sure and she said she was.

I called Tom in and told him that Lisa will let him fuck her, as long as I joined them. He said that was fine with him.

Lisa removed her coverup and was nude underneath. I removed my shirt, shorts and thong. Tom let his clothes drop to the floor. He was standing naked and his cock already hard.

Lisa called us to the bed and we put her in between us. 

As soon as we laid down, Lisa kissed Tom. I could see their tongues exploring each others mouth. As they were kissing, I started playing with Lisa's tits and nipples.

Tom's hands were all over my girlfriend. I grabbed Tom's cock and started sucking it. Lisa then joined me and we both sucked Tom's big cock. 

It wasn't long before I heard Lisa tell Tom to fuck her. 

Tom mounted Lisa, who already had her legs spread wide with her cunt ready to accept Tom's big cock.

I watched closely as Tom slipped his dick into her cunt. It was a glorious sight, seeing his manhood disappear into her cunt.

Lisa seemed to enjoy his fucking her as she met him thrust for thrust. In no time I heard her moan that she was cumming. With that, Tom pounded her cunt harder and faster and was ready to cum also. 

Suddenly, they both yelled out tbat they were cumming. Tom shot his cum load deep into her cunt and Lisa kept bucking for quite awhile until she stopped having spasms. They both laid exhausted.

I went over to Lisa snd started to eat out her cunt, filling my mouth with Tom's cum. With his cum in my mouth, I kissed Lisa and we shared Tom's cum.

I quickly mounted Lisa and fucked untilI came in her cum filled cunt. Our cum looked like it was flowing out of her cunt.

We all rested for a bit. 

Tom said it was the best time he ever had. Lisa agreed, as did I.

We talked about where we woukd go from there. 

Lisa said, "You guys were awesome. I can't thank John enough for making me see how great a threesome is and if it is ok with you two, I want to keep on doing them while we stay at the resort."

I looked at Tom and we both said great.

For the next three days, the three of us were inseparable at the resort. I watched Lisa and Tom go off on their own at the resort to fuck and could not wait to hear about it from Lisa.

After we checked out of the resort, and on our way to the airport, Lisa told me she had to tell me a secret.

"John, I have a confession. I knew what was going to happen with Tom." She continued, "When we first were at the poool and. he passed by, I saw him give you a wink and I knew something was up. I figured you planned a something."

I just looked at her and said, "How come you didn't say anything?"

Lisa just gave me a sly grin and said, "I wanted to do it anyway and Tom had a nice big cock and besides, I asked around and found out you two were friends."

So, "Thank you my love for a great time and when are we going to it again?"