 "They should be." Riley said but Scott fired his rifle into the air. When the three men at the fence looked over, he waved them over. Raising their guns in acknowledgment, all three turned their horses and disappeared momentarily only to come sailing over the fence moments later and then taking off toward Jessica and Ebony who were nearing the dog and horse.

"What the hell?"

"We need their help." Scott said, "Jim and Josh are just crossing the river now, look." He pointed over where they crossed. "I'm going over too, you guys come as fast as you can. And remember, be nice. We don't want to make the neighbors suspicious ... plus Jessica will be really pissed."

"Yeah, yeah." Riley said.

"I'm serious." Scott said turning his eyes on Angus, "And I mean real nice not lightly veiled hostility."

"I got it." Angus grumbled. "I've been fine when we've gone out haven't I?"

Scott nodded and then pointed in the direction of the river crossing, "Come on then." He said over his shoulder before spurring his horse to a break neck speed. 

"Jesus Christ ..." Riley muttered as he spurred the old horse beneath him to a speed that seemed just the right mix between doable for the horse and one that Riley could actually stay in the saddle.

"Now I remember why I stopped riding." Angus grumbled behind him as he too clung to the saddle while the horse struggled to run.

As they finally made it into the clearing they saw Scott, Jim, Josh and two of the neighbors riding around and corralling the scattered horses. They drove them into a bunch and continued to circle them. The horses were nervous but it seemed that the closer they bunched the calmer they got. The riders were whistling quietly and murmuring to the horses which seemed to expedite the process. "Where's Jessica?" Riley asked as he and Angus stopped their horses near Scott, who had dismounted from his horse and was examining the back end of a horse who moved around in a nervous side to side motion. One of the neighbors, an older man wearing a cowboy hat, leather jacket and cowboy boots, was holding the horse by a rope that had been lassoed over the horses head, and he was patting the horses neck and talking quietly too it.

"Scott ..." Angus said when Scott hadn't heard Riley or even noticed their arrival, "where's Jessica?"

"She and Ricky are chasing down the other dogs." The neighbor said.

"Riley, Angus," Scott said finally satisfied with his examination and moving to stand next to the man, "this is Peter. He lives up the road."

Peter moved forward and extended his hand to Riley. Riley looked at it for a moment and then lent down from the horse and shook it.

"Did the dogs do a lot of damage?" was all he could think to say.

Angus nodded and shook Peter's hand when he was done with Riley.

"No, thanks to Peter and his son and grandson. They were able to shoot that one before he did more than scratch Rusty here." Scott said, nodding his head toward a mound of fur on the ground, and then at the horse standing next to him.

"That's great." Riley said, looking off into the distance, trying to see Jessica. 

"Well, we're real sorry we didn't get them earlier. We almost had them back on our land but somehow or another they got away. The good news is that the body we took to the vet last time tested negative for rabies. Seems they have some degenerative brain disease." He added, nodding at the dog's body, "makes them crazy but not contagious."

"If it's not contagious then how the hell do all these dogs have it?" Scott asked.

"Vet figures it's from something they ate ... kinda like mad cow."

"What, like mad rabbit or something?" Scott asked.

"I guess. In all my years ... and they've been a few, I've never seen nor heard of anything like it."

"That's disturbing." Riley said finally paying enough attention the conversation to realize the implications. "Dogs don't live as long as people ... mad cow doesn't take affect till adulthood for people. What the hell are they eating that affects them that fast?"

"Probably not squirrel." The other man, whom Riley and Angus deduced had to be Peter's son, said as he walked his horse up to them. "Steven ..." he said extending his hand to Angus.

"Angus .." Angus grumbled and then scanned the tree line again for Jessica.

"We found a few dead squirrels in our fields." He continued after introductions with Riley. "Took them to the vet ... no sign of the brain deterioration in any of them."

"We haven't noticed any dead animals on our land." Scott said but then added, "We haven't really been looking for any."

"We figure there were only four sick dogs. One, your ... Jessica, shot." Peter said, clearly deciding that he wasn't going to probe into the men's relationship with Jessica. "One Steven shot and the two Jessica and Ricky are after. If they get them, then this should be over."

"Unless some other animals eat whatever they ate." Scott added.

"Hopefully that's all gone too." Steven said. "And given the way Jessica rides ... and shoots ..." he added looking very impressed, "the other dogs are as good as dead. Has Jessica ever tried her hand at barrel racing? Ricky does it, competitively. I know of a couple girls teams that could sure use Jessica's speed."

"As far as I know she's never tried it." Scott said and then followed Riley and Angus' gaze when they both visibly relaxed. In the distance he could see two riders coming toward them.

Jim and Josh, still patrolling the horses kept an eye on the riders too.

Jessica and Ricky seemed to be chatting in a relaxed happy way, as if they'd always known one another. And then, as if by some unseen signal, they both spurred their horses into full run and thundered down on the horses and the men. When they pulled up both looked very excited.

"We got the wounded one." Jessica said pointing at the dead dog that Ricky had draped in front of him.

"But the other one lost us in the underbrush." Ricky added in the same breathless voice that Jessica had used.

"We were so close!" Jessica said.

Ricky was nodding, "Jessica nearly ran over the thing." The awe obvious in his voice and expression, "But then we got to the Bendal property and that's practically all bush."

"Bendal property ... " Peter said, "You made it to the Bendal property?" 

"That's over ten miles away ..." Steven added.

"You're kidding, right?" Jim asked. He and Josh had come closer, keeping an eye on the horses.

"Nope." Ricky said and looked at Jessica and Ebony with unmistakable worship.

"Ricky does race barrel racing." Jessica said looking around at Scott, Jim, Josh, Riley and Angus. "Every weekend. Can we go see him?"

"Sure, when we have some time." Jim said into the silence that had begun to stretch, "Things are a little crazy lately. Even today." He added, pulling his cell phone out to check the time, "Your friends will be here in two hours Jess. We'd better head home."

"Oh yeah!" Jessica exclaimed and looked perplexed as to how she ever could have forgotten that.

"Well, we won't keep you then." Peter said, moving toward the body on the ground. "If it's okay with you, we'll take the bodies to the vet again. You can never be too safe."

"Sure, go ahead, and thanks again for your help." Scott said, helping to hoist the dog onto Steven's horse.

"I guess we'll have to show you Ebony race another time." Jessica said, after the three neighbors disappeared from view, and looking at the horses milling around.

"We pretty much saw it." Riley said.

"And I can see why you'd want her to race." Angus said to Scott. "I think I can handle watching her at the track ... but I never, never, never, want you to jump that river again." Angus said turning his attention to Jessica. "You scared the shit out of me."

"Sorry ..." Jessica said, "So I really can race?" she asked, clapping her hands.

"You don't sound very sorry Jess." Riley said but laughed despite himself. She looked ecstatic and despite the terror he'd felt as she sailed over the water he was reconciling himself to the fact that this was what made Jessica tick. "But that's okay. I'm realizing that the scarier something is the more you seem to like it. Just please, use some judgment okay?"

Jessica was nodding, "So I can race?" she repeated. And squealed when Riley and Angus nodded. Scott looked like his face would split open and Jim and Josh looked pretty pleased too.

"If we don't get these horses home and get you cleaned up you're going to be late for your shopping and spa trip." Jim said, bringing Jessica back to reality quickly.

"Jessica, Jim, take the lead." Scott said, getting onto his horse. "Josh and I will flank the horses, and Angus and Riley can take the rear."

"Can you keep up?" Josh asked, laughed, and then turned his horse and spurred him out of Angus' reach when Angus made to go after him.

An hour later Angus eased himself away from the table where he'd put his newly cleaned saddle.

They'd returned quickly enough, Scott had gone about taking care of the injured horse. Jim and Josh got the other horses into the corral and calmed. And then began cleaning out the stalls. Riley'd gone to take care of his dogs and Jessica had been cleaning saddles with Angus. 

But now she was rubbing Ebony down. And remembering the thrill of thundering down the field on Ebony's back. The thrill she felt as she and Ricky sped after that poor, starved, crazed, dog. Her heart had pounded with excitement. She loved that feeling. And it suddenly occurred to her that usually when she felt that kind of a thrill, the men responded with sex. Rough sex, wild sex, make her scream kind of sex. But so far they hadn't which both surprised and disappointed her. But, it was friend time so maybe it would happen later. Now she just had to shake her overwhelming horniness before going out with some girls she didn't know. Actually, just the thought of that was enough to do it. She was excited about hanging out with girls only. Make-up, clothes shopping, those were all cliché girl things to do and she was finally going to do them!

Scott came up behind her and slid his arms around her, not noticing Angus in the corner or the fact that Jim and Josh followed him in, and that Riley trailed in a moment later. Jessica pressed her back against Scott, her body melting to conform and fit perfectly against him. He loved it. 

"I wish you'd rub me down like that ..." Scott said into her hair, "Hell, I wish you'd ride me like you ride him too."

"That can be arranged." She said laying her arms over top of his around her waist, and squeezing. "Do you want the saddle, bridle, and boots? The whole thing?"

"Sounds tempting." Scott said, "But I think we should start slow ... first you ride horseback naked ... feel that hard rhythm pumping between your legs." He slid his had between her legs and pressed rhythmically, " ... and then we fuck while riding the horse ... and then maybe we'll pretend I'm the stag and you're the mare ... get some good rear entry action going." He pressed his thigh against Jessica's butt " ... what d'you think?"

Jessica shivered with pleasure. 

"I think that sounds great." She said pressing her pelvis against his hand and when his other hand moved to her breast, she moved her hand over his and pushed it harder against her.

"So do I." Angus growled, moving from the corner.

"Amen." Josh added. Scott turned with Jessica pressed against him. Jessica looked at the men and felt every part of her quiver with anticipation.

"Bareback ... naked ... " Jim repeated, stepping forward, looking like the idea more than appealed to him.

"I have a feeling friend time may be heading for an intermission." Scott said, sliding his hand down her shirt, into her bra. "Are you okay with that?"

Jessica nodded with enthusiasm.

"Well then ... I guess we'll have to proceed with operation bare back ." Jim said, moving past Josh and Riley to place his hand on her pelvis and let it slide south ... so his fingers slipped between the V of her thighs. Jessica sighed and then moaned. The pressure of Jim's fingers helped elicit the moan but the toothy grin Jim was wearing made Jessica's heart pound. Jessica had seen similar expressions on the other men ... right before they devoured all of her sensitive parts. But Jim had always been less prone to such animalism. But it looked like he'd gotten over his reserved nature and that just made Jessica wet. Jessica's eyes locked on Jim's eyes, as they locked on her lips, while she licked them in anticipation. And then from the corner of her eye she saw Josh, Angus and Riley undressing before moving closer. 

"Oh my God." Jessica murmured as anticipation threatened to make Jessica explode out of her skin. She leaned back against Scott, letting him support her weight as she started to part her legs, her hand sliding against him, looking for his manhood.

"Jessica ..." Scott growled catching her hand, "do you really want to go there? Just watching you ride Ebony like that ... like he was a part of you ..." Scott revisited the image of Jessica thundering down the field, sailing over the river... again. He felt the urge to control her course through him. "Put your hands behind your head. Now!" He barked.

Jessica raised her hands and laced her fingers behind her head. "Maybe a lesson is in order." Riley murmured, remember how he'd felt watching her jump the river too. He couldn't stop her then, but he could take the terror he'd felt then and channel it into the sex they were about to have. And since she'd conveniently broken a slave rule ... the opportunity was there without him having to explain that he was really trying to control her. Somehow he didn't think she'd feel too good about that at this point. 

Riley took one of her wrists, and pulled her arm out straight and snaked her arm out of her sleeve.

Angus chuckled a slow, guttural laugh and the expression on his face made Jessica's knees weak. "Jess, somehow or another you always end up needing a lesson." He was ready to teach her a lesson alright, and so were the others. Jessica shivered in anticipation. Jessica managed a nod between gasps.

"Jesus Christ!" Angus growled when Jessica's expression told him and the other men that she wanted that lesson, wanted it bad. 

"Get her pants off!" Josh growled, receiving her message loud and clear.

Scott pulled her back against him and lifted her while Josh and Jim struggled to pull her pants off.

"Skirts!" Riley said as they maneuvered the pants over her legs. "You should only wear skirts and no underwear and then we can take you whenever and wherever we want! No muss, no fuss." 

Once Jessica was out of her pants, Riley and Josh each took one of her legs and pulled them back at the knees, opening her. Jim slid his hand between her legs and rubbed. Jessica arched with the pleasure. Angus slid one hand between her bum cheeks and pressed his thumb against her anus, Jessica gasped with pleasure. 

"Get her up on the fence." Scott ordered. The men moved as a group, and Jessica found herself standing on the first rung of the stable gate. "Hang on ..." Scott paused reaching for the riding blanket and hung it over the gate, "lift her onto it." 

Jessica was lifted and draped over the gate. 

Scott slid into her anus and she gasped. 

Angus knelt beneath her and thrust his fingers into her pussy, thrusting hard.

Jim and Josh stood on either side of her, holding her knees. Each guided her hands to their respective cocks and she rubbed. Riley came around to her head, and thrust his cock into her mouth.

Jessica tried to concentrate on not biting Riley, but it was nearly impossible and waves of pleasure rolled over her. Riley gasped as she nipped him, but he didn't remove himself, and second later he erupted in her mouth and it took all Jessica's remaining strength to swallow without choking.

"Angus ..." Scott said, pulling out of her anus, and switching places with Angus. Jessica twitched as Scott continued Angus' ministrations to her pussy, only this time concentrating most of his efforts on rubbing her clitoris. Her convulsions brought Angus, Jim and Josh to climax. Jim and Josh spraying Jessica with their sperm. 

"Holy fuck that was great!" Angus commented when everyone was spent. They stood panting, looking at Jessica, who lay on the gate, panting.

"Let's get her off of there." Jim said suddenly realizing that it was probably not all that comfortable.

Riley, Josh and Jim lifted her front and handed her back to Angus who still had his softened cock between her butt cheeks. Angus pulled her against him, and then sank to the floor. 

The other men came to join Angus and Jessica, and they ended up in a pile, Jessica in the middle.

"Fuck I love you." Scott muttered, pulling her against his chest. "It's funny." He added with a chuckle ... bringing his lips to the top of her head. "I've never needed to touch a woman as much as I need to touch you. Of all the women I've been with ... I never wanted, needed, someone so much."

Jessica stiffened in his arms and turned to look at him through narrowed eyes. Jessica was overcome by an emotion that she didn't recognize or know how to deal with. It felt like the twisting of her stomach she'd felt with Nina at the track and Janice at the auction but much stronger and growing stronger. Images started running through her head. That Allison woman at the pool hall ... the way women looked at all the men. The lipstick on Scott's cheek the other night. And Scott's words ... how it was common in the clan for husbands to have affairs. Had he been trying to tell her something? Tell her that he still intended to be with other women even though she and he were ... committed? She could feel her cheeks turning red and she felt a sort of fury within her. She looked at the other men. They hadn't seemed interested in any of the attention other women paid them. But neither had Scott when she was there with him. Were they all doing it? Were they all with other women when they weren't with her? Suddenly, all Jessica wanted to do was be alone. 

"What?" Scott asked. "Are you okay?" he added when she brought her eyes back to him.

"How many women have you been with?" she demanded. "Oh, lots." Scott said in an offhanded way. "But none of them compare to you"

Jessica felt a strange pain inside and it seemed to grow and then mutate into something bigger. Jessica pushed away from Scott. 

He and the other men were taken by surprise and too slow to grab her as she sprang to her feet, scrambled out of the mess of limbs that surrounded her, and moved to pick up her pants and shirt where they had been discarded. After pulling her shirt on, she tried to walk and pull her pants on at the same time. She hadn't gotten far when Scott caught up to her.

"Where are you going?" Scott asked moving in front of her and watching her struggle with her pants. The other men surrounding her. Scott reached out and began helping her, but Jessica pulled away from him.

"I'm fine!" she said in a controlled voice. 

"No you're not." Scott said when she almost lost her balance and he caught her by the arm. The other men all laying supporting hands on any exposed portion of Jessica they could find. "Just let me help you ..."

"No, I'm fine!" she insisted, wrenching her arm from his grasp, contorting her body so none of the other men could continue to touch her, and trying to organize her underwear so she could successfully pull it and her pants up. 

"Jessica, what's going on?" Jim asked dumbfounded. Jessica gave up on her underwear and stumbled for the barn door pulling her shirt down to cover her private parts.

"Jessica!" Angus growled passing her in two long strides and grabbing her arm. "What's going on? Why are you trying to get away from us?"

Jessica tried to get around him but he held her firmly in place. Finally she sighed and glared at him and the other men who had surrounded her again. Then settled her eyes on Scott.
