 "Of course not." Jessica said, "That'll be fun."

"Chris?" Justine asked. Jessica looked up to see Chris standing before the sofa but rather than look at Justine he was looking at her.

"Jess. I have to apologize to you." He said. "Letting everyone listen to your private affairs was wrong and I'm sorry ... and damn I'm embarrassing you again." Chis said.

Jessica felt her face turn red but she really didn't feel embarrassed. Even with everyone in the room watching and listening.

"My face does what it wants." Jessica said, "Just ignore it. I appreciate the apology. Thanks."

Chris smiled at her. "Thanks." 

"Time to go Amanda." Don said, coming to the sofa with Stan, Caleb and Quinn trailing behind him.

"Good night ... and wish me luck!" Amanda said winking at the girls as she took one of Don's hands and one of Caleb's and headed for the door.

A few minutes later Jessica and her men were alone in the living room.

"I know it's been a long day." Riley said moving behind the sofa and sliding his hands down Jessica's chest until they rested on her breasts, "But would you have some energy left for an orgasm or two?"

"Oh yeah." Jessica said in a breathless rush.

"In that case, go to the bedroom and undress. When we come in we expect to find you on all fours on the bed. Legs spread, butt in the air." Angus said.

"Yes master." Jessica said.

"And your mouth wide open." Josh added.

"Better get going then." Jim said when Jessica nodded. Jessica rushed to the bedroom and got into position. She watched the men file into the room, each undoing their pants and just the way they looked at her made her moan. 

"We're going for a record number of orgasms tonight." Scott said sideling up beside her, pulling her nipple with one hand and sliding his fingers into her with his other.

"In the least amount of time." Riley added, sliding his thumb into her mouth.

"Let's see what it takes to get you to collapse from orgasmic exhaustion." Jim said from behind her. He parted her butt cheeks as wide as they'd go, and then pressed his tongue on her anus.

"Oh!" Jessica exclaimed when she came.

"And that's one." Angus said. "I laid bets on one hundred orgasms in half an hour." He said sliding his hand under her stomach and between her legs, using one finger to tease her clitoris. 

"One hundred?" Jessica gasped around Riley's thumb.

"I bet two hundred." Riley said and when Jessica rolled her big beautiful eyes up to look him he slid his cock into her mouth. "Let's get this done." He said, and they did.

She hadn't reached a hundred orgasms but it seemed pretty close by the time she couldn't take it anymore. She lay in Scott's and Angus' arms. Riley lay with his head by hers, his legs in the opposite direction. Josh and Jim lay at the other end of the mat, their feet entwined with Jessica's.

"It was nice of Chris to apologize about the phone thing." Riley said.

"Mhmm." Jessica muttered, barely able to move.

"Especially since I never got a chance to talk to him about it." Jim said.

"What? " Riley demanded. "You mean he apologized on his own?"

"Is that hard to believe?" Jessica asked.

"I honestly don't think Chris realized that what he did was wrong." Jim said.

"Oh. Well, maybe Sean said something to him." Jessica said.

"Sean." Josh said.

"Is that what you two were talking about earlier?" Riley asked.

"Partly. Either way, it was nice of him to apologize." Jessica said her voice fading as she drifted off to sleep.

"Six o'clock tomorrow. What are the chances that Craig, Jay and Terry will be late?" Scott asked with a yawn.

"None." Angus said.

"Damn. Good night then." Scott said. Minutes later they were all snoring. 

Two weeks passed. And they were really good weeks.  

Physiotherapy every day made them all stronger. 

They got into the routine of physiotherapy every morning. After the physiotherapy the men, Jessica, the girls and their men, and Abe and Rick, would work out together for an hour and then do an hour of combat training. A combination of physical fighting, with a strong emphasis on hand to hand combat where a knife was involved, and marksmanship.

Jessica had never felt stronger, even with her wound not one hundred percent healed yet. And she could see that Sean, Corey, Chris, Caleb, Mark, Stan, Don and Quinn were gaining a whole new respect for Leah, Sara, Justine and Amanda. Jessica was too. They worked hard. Really hard.

Combat training was followed by chores. And with the exception of the past week because the men had to mend fences and catch up on other fixes that had fallen behind while they were wounded; when the weather was nice, which was almost always, the rest of the afternoon would be spent at the pond swimming and relaxing. They'd spent so much time there that Jessica had joked that they should build a resort around it. Slides and diving boards into the pond, a mini bar on the side, lawn chairs, umbrellas ...It seemed to be the favorite place to be for all of them.

They'd always be home in time to have dinner and then there would be a couple of hours of study time. The girls worked together on math. It had been frustrating at first because the other girls did not have the same level of math that Jessica had. Jessica had finally convinced them that they needed to start at their appropriate levels. So, the girls studied grade six math, and Jessica did twelve nine. When the girls needed help, Jessica, or any of the other men were able to give it, but when Jessica needed help it mostly fell to Abe or Rick. Jessica worried that her men would be upset by this but she soon realized that they were relieved that their lack of education didn't need to be made blatantly obvious. Jessica would spend some time learning to code with Don every evening also.

After studying, there would be an hour of two of entertainment. Either jamming, or playing cards, video games, or watching a movie. The big change there being that Jessica and the girls would do these activities with the men rather than each sex doing their own thing. That, in Jessica's opinion, was the best thing that happened to them. More and more they were beginning to feel like one big family. 

And then at night when everyone retired, Jessica and the men would have crazy sex for what seemed like hours, Jessica trying her best to contain her screams but not often successful. In those two weeks the men had had to restock on condoms six times. And then, when they were done that Jessica would read aloud from one of the novels she was studying for her English course. They were nearing the end of Romeo and Juliet.

In the last few days Terry had been called away so Jessica's physiotherapy shifted to doing gymnastics and stunt dancing with Abe and Rick. She was surprised to find that her body remembered what it had learned in gymnastics.

Abe, Rick and Jessica had just finished a physically taxing stunt routine and collapsed on the grass in the secluded clearing.

"Here." Rick panted as he passed Jessica her water bottle.

"Thanks." Jessica said and paused before drinking as she watched Rick toss Abe his water bottle. They sat on either side of her and as per usual acted like they were no more to one another than friends. This bothered Jessica more and more, especially as all the romantic match-ups in the group around them became more and more intimate and publicly displayed. Through it all, with the exception of Mark who still had no one, Abe and Rick were the lone pair. Seemingly alone. Being alone would have been one thing, but since Jessica knew they were together it seemed doubly cruel for them not be publicly together like everyone else was.

Jessica had tried to think of a subtle way to raise this with them but she couldn't. And she didn't know when she'd have the time alone with them again. So the only option was just putting it out there.

"You can hold hands or kiss or something in front of me. I don't mind."

Rick had been in the process of gulping water. The water sprayed out of his mouth and nose.

"Sorry," Jessica said slapping his back as he choked on the water that he'd inhaled.

"Why would you say something like that?" Abe asked but while his voice was stern Jessica was confused by the bemused look on his face.

"Because I know that you are together and I feel kind of bad that you can't show it. Especially while all the rest of us are hugging and kissing in front of you. It must be hard. But I don't mind if you hug and kiss in front of me. Really."

"How did you find out about us?" Rick demanded in the gravelly voice caused by trying to cough the water out of lungs. He was glaring at Abe and Jessica was surprised by the hostility that was rolling off of him. His body was rigid and Jessica was sure that if looks could kill, Abe would be dead a thousand times over. For his part, Abe looked surprisingly relaxed. "Well?" Rick prompted when Jessica hadn't answered. 

"Um, Angus saw you two kissing ..."

"Fuck!" Rick exploded launching himself to his feet. He advanced on Abe, who had stumbled to his feet in surprise. "This is your fucking fault!" He jabbed his finger in Abe's face.

"Wait, wait!" Jessica begged, holding her hands, palms out between them. "It's not a bad thing, honest!"

"Who else knows?" Rick demanded.

"Riley, Scott, Jim and Josh ..." Jessica said. Rick glared at Abe again and shook his head in frustration.

"Sean and the others?" Abe asked. Jessica looked between Abe and Rick, even more confused. Abe had taken a step back but otherwise there was nothing about him that indicated that he was anxious or angry. In fact, he looked entertained.

"I don't think so." Jessica said.

"See, it's not that bad." Abe said to Rick and he looked like he was trying not to laugh. Which made Rick even madder.

"Fuck you!" Rick growled and gave Abe a shove.

"You should be relieved ..." Jessica said and stepped between Rick and Abe just as Rick was about to shove Abe again. "Get out of the way!" Rick snarled.

"Think about it." Jessica said not moving, "all of my men know and you never suspected they knew. That means that they accept you. That's great, isn't it?"

"Fantastic." Abe said from behind Jessica and he sounded like he was laughing. To which Rick responded by growling.

"What about Paul and the rest of your clan?" Jessica asked, "Can you be yourselves at home?"

"No!" Rick barked and he looked horrified at the prospect.

"I think they have other ideas about us." Abe said.

"You mean about you and Stasia?" Jessica asked.

"You know about that?" Rick asked, so surprised that he seemed to momentarily have lost his anger.

"There are rumors." Jessica said. "So I guess they're not true?"

"Those are true." Abe said in a tone that made Jessica look back at him. He seemed to have sobered. This time Rick seemed amused.

"So you're bisexual?" Jessica asked, even more confused by the growing concern on Abe's face and the lack of concern on Rick's. In fact, Rick relaxed, crossed his arms and smiled at Abe with what looked like a smug expression.

Abe sighed and nodded.

"Okay. Well, I guess that helps right? I mean, you can kind of be intimate together, with her. So you're not completely lonely, right?"

"Right." Abe said. He seemed to sag a little. Confused by Abe's reaction Jessica turned to Rick who was busy looking her up and down.

"We're not lonely." Rick finally said and his anger seemed to be gone too. "But thanks for caring."

"Do we have time to practice a bit more before the work out?" Jessica asked finding the ensuing silence awkward.

"Actually, there isn't going to be a work out today." Abe said and he seemed relieved by the change in topic.

"There isn't?" Jessica asked surprised.

"No. Riley said that they have some work to do in the back field and they'd be going right after physiotherapy. But, he suggested that we go to the pond instead. And he said to make sure you knew that you were to ride double with me on Cinnamon. No other horse, and not by yourself."

"Ah. Okay." Jessica said but she was really confused. None of the men had mentioned anything about skipping the work out. That wasn't the kind of thing they'd forget to tell her.

"Riley only found out once you'd already headed out here." Abe added, reading her expression. "He got a call that the material was being dropped off at the south field this morning. He asked me to pass the message along."

"Oh. Okay." 

"Let's go get our suits." Rick said when Jessica still didn't seem satisfied.

"Shorts and t-shirt." Abe corrected, pointing a finger at Jessica.

Jessica nodded as they went to the house.

Half an hour later they came around the trees that circled the pond and Abe heard Jessica gasp behind him.

"What's going on?" she whispered. She had to rub her eyes to believe what she was seeing. The pond was still there but everything around it had changed. There was a wide strip of cement circling the pond. On it were lawn chairs with umbrellas, and picnic tables with umbrellas. Attached to the umbrellas were hundreds of balloons. On one side of the pond there was a small structure that looked like a little house, next to it a cabana style bar. Further back there seemed to be a stable of sorts. Along the pond shore there were several slides of different heights and layouts, some diving boards. A paddle boat was tied to the shore and in the middle there was a floating trampoline.

Everyone was there, standing in a bunch, and when Abe, Jessica and Rick got closer they threw up their arms and yelled, "Happy birthday! Surprise!"

Jessica was so stunned that Abe had to lower her down to Jim when he came to help her off the horse.

"She's definitely surprised." Stan said with a laugh when Jessica gaped at the transformation around the pond, and then at the men, followed by their friends.

"This is my birthday party?" Jessica stammered when Jim squeezed her shoulder and then kissed her head.

"The first part of it." Scott said. "We'll spend the day here but tonight we'll jam back at the house. Have a bon fire."

"And you did all of this ..." she said sweeping her hands at the house, the bar, and everything else, "for the party?"

"We did it for you. It's part of your birthday gift." Josh said.

"Consider this the gift that you should have had for your nineteenth birthday party." Riley said. "Everyone helped build it. It's from all of us."

"Gifts for your twentieth and twenty-first are still to come." Angus added. "Hey, why are you crying?"

Jessica shook her head as tears rolled down her cheeks.

"It's beautiful ..." she mumbled and threw herself into Jim's chest. She tried to wipe her eyes but realized quickly that she couldn't stop crying. So she kissed Jim said thank you and moved to Sean who stood next to Jim. She kissed him on the cheek and thanked him. But before she could move to Leah who stood next to him, Sean mumbled, "Come here." And pulled her into a hug.

"Happy birthday." He said into her ear, "You deserve it. You may not know it, but you've brought a lot of joy into our lives, you deserve nothing but joy back."

Jessica looked at him in surprise when he held her at arms length, winked at her and passed her over to Leah who wasted no time pulling her into a bear hug.

"Happy birthday kiddo." Leah murmured and then Jessica moved to Corey. By the time she was finished hugging, kissing and thanking everyone Jessica felt giddy. Even Rick who had a history of being stand-offish had bear hugged her. She was feeling high on love. 

"Here's the first of many gifts." Josh said, pulling her under his arm and holding a box out to her. It was wrapped with a pink bow on it. Jessica looked from it to Josh, and then to the other men.

"Okay, Sara wrapped it ... but the gift is from us." Angus said, "Open it."

Jessica tore into the box and pulled out two tiny pieces of bright orange material. She looked at them, at first not understanding what they were but then she realized that one of the items had two cup like pieces to it.

"A bikini?" Jessica asked in disbelief. 

"It seems to be the trend." Angus glancing at Leah, Sara, Justine and Amanda, all wearing practically nothing.

"You better go put it on before we change our minds." Riley said. "You can change in the pool house." He added, motioning to the little house.

"Come on." Amanda said grabbing Jessica's hand and dragging her to the cute little building next to the bar. Jessica noticed speakers on the porch roof and music was drifting out of them. The other girls trailed behind.

Inside Jessica looked around in awe. It was like a little cottage. There was a sofa, TV, small kitchen, bathroom. Even a fire place, which Jessica found odd.

"Look at this." Justine said pulling Jessica into another room. "They have a hot tub, and sauna in here. It's like paradise. Like your very own little paradise."

"This is ... amazing." Jessica whispered. She loved it. And then her heart dropped. If they couldn't find a way to leave the clan without going on the run, they'd have to leave all of this behind. 

"Get changed ... quick. I want to see what they bought you." Leah said.

Jessica looked at the material skeptically. It really did look like the same style of bikini that Leah was wearing. And that consisted of barely enough material to cover her nipples and her pussy. Leah's butt cheeks were there for all to see ... a skinny strap between her cheeks to keep the bottom up. Clearly no room for a vibrator there.

Jessica put on the bikini and to her dismay she realized that it was exactly like Leah's. Jessica was surprised that the men would buy her something like that. And she wondered if she should be embarrassed to be so naked in front of everyone. But it didn't really bother her as much as she thought it should. Watching Leah bounce around as if she were fully clothed gave Jessica extra incentive to just go with it. 

"Wow." Amanda said when Jessica turned around and looked at herself in the mirror. "Your men got you that? You're never going to get out of the bedroom you know."

"I'm kind of wondering about that myself." Jessica said. "They picked this bikini right?" Jessica asked Sara, "Not you, but them."

Sara nodded, "I just wrapped it. They'd already bought it."  

"Okay." Jessica said with a shrug. "Let's go."

The girls emerged to a chorus of whistles. Jessica blushed despite herself and when she turned to the men they took one look at her, turned and jumped in the pond.

Jessica followed them and enjoyed the cool water as she swam through it.

"Thank you so much!" she said at the side of the pond, treading the water until Jim pulled her into his arms.

"You're welcome. And this is just the beginning." Scott said.

"But with the bikini I think we'll be spending a lot of time in the water." Angus said, "And it's probably better if you're not in it with us."

"We'll be fine once we get used to it." Jim said, "Come on, I'll get you a drink." He pulled himself out of the pond and then helped Jessica out.

"Let's go on the slides first!" Jessica said, grabbing Jim's hand. She waved the girls and their men over and the next few hours were spent sliding, diving and jumping on the trampoline. Riley, Angus, Scott and Josh joined them too.

Eventually they stopped for lunch.

There were sandwiches, salads and drinks. And a birthday cake. The men had taken a picture of Ebony and some cake decorating genius had replicated it onto the cake. 'Happy nineteenth birthday' was written on the cake in pink and nineteen candles burned on the cake. 

Jessica didn't bother trying to stop the tears that rolled down her cheeks.

"Make a wish!" Sara said.

Jessica closed her eyes and mentally wished with all her might that they could all get out of the clan unscathed. Everyone clapped when she blew the candles out in one breath.
