 After Lisa finished her first porno movie with Tiffany we were able to take a vacation. 

We took some of the $5,000 she made and went to Jamaica to Hedonism II.

We checked in and went to our room and unpacked, got undressed and headed out to the beach. We found a nice spot under a palm tree and just relaxed and talked.

We talked about the movie and what she was going to do from now on. She said that her new contract calls for her to do 12 movies in a year and that she was sure that most of them will require her special talents, bringing her fee to $15,000 a movie which was fine with her.

She said that since she loved all sex, the money was a big bonus. However, she asked me how I felt.

I told her that I loved her and that she knew I loved seeing her fucked by others so I had no problem with her new career.

I then asked her about her face being visible and she said she kind of liked it if people recognized her although the chances were remote.

As we talked, a young nude couple walked by and stopped in front of us. They looked at Lisa and said hi. She said hi back and then the woman said, "We know you. You are Lisa. We saw your movie. You were terrific."

Lisa asked them how they knew it was her and they pointed to Lisa's pussy tattoo. Lisa smiled and asked them if they cared to join us. They grabbed a couple of loungers and sat in front of us.

I just smiled and let Lisa enjoy her fame.

They introduced themselves as Tom and Tammy from New York. Tom asked for Lisa's autograph but Lisa didn't have anything so she told them to stop by our room later for one.

Tammy asked if she did everything herself and if it was all real. Lisa told her that everything she saw was real and she did everything in the movie.

Lisa asked them why they went to see a porno. Tom said that they enjoy seeing what the actors do and also try to figure out if any or all of it is real.

Lisa told them that her movie was real, in every sense. Tammy asked how it felt to get fucked by four black guys while her husband watched. Lisa told her to ask her husband.

They looked at me and I just told them that I always loved to see Lisa get fucked by others and I enjoy watching her do it.

Tammy said that she didn't know if she could do that but that was her fantasy, to do porn. Lisa said she should try it and smiled. She suggested that she try it with two first.

Tom looked at Tammy and asked if I would join him in doing Tammy together to see if she would like it. I looked at Lisa and she nodded her ok. I told Tom to come to the room tonight at 10:00. They said they would be there and left.

Lisa and I had a good laugh after they left. I told Lisa I didn't think they would be back and we went back to relaxing.

After dinner, we strolled along the beach and before we knew it, it was almost 10:00 so we headed back to the room just in case Lisa's fans came.

Right on time there was a knock on the door. It was Tom and Tammy. We let them in and Lisa poured some wine. I asked if they were serious and they both said yes. I then took Tammy to the bedroom. I told her and Tom to get naked, as I stripped. Lisa watched from the chair.

Tammy was a beautiful natural blonde, about 25, slender with nice rounded tits and big nipples. She was nice and smooth. Tom had at least a 10" cock and had an athletic build.

I took Tammy to the bed and laid her down. Tom got on her side. I told Tom that I was going to fuck his wife and for him to watch, then he could join in.

It didn't take long for me and Tammy to get into it. I mounted his wife and slid my cock in her cunt and started fucking her.

Lisa asked Tom if he was ok with her husband fucking his wife. He said he was fine. 

Then John called Tom over to join them. Both men were all over Tammy and they took turns sliding their cocks in and out of her cunt and mouth.

John told them he was going to cum and said he was going to shoot in her cunt and when he finished Tom would do the same.

Lisa watched as I shot my load in Tammy's cunt and Tom quickly took my place and came in his wife too.

Lisa asked them what they thought.

Tom said he was ok with seeing his wife being fucked and having a guy cum in her. Tammy said she enjoyed it a lot and said she could handle more than two men.

Lisa then wrote her cell number down and gave it to them. She told them that if they were serious, she would get them an audition to be in one of her movies. She told them to call her in two weeks. They thanked her and were ready to leave when Lisa told them to stay a minute. She undressed and took Tom to the bed and told Tammy to watch.

Lisa was all over Tom and started giving him a blow job. Then she put him on his back and straddled his cock until all 10" was inside her. She rode him until they both came. When she got off his cock, his cum oozed out of Lisa as Tammy watched.

Lisa turned to Tammy and asked if she was ok and if she enjoyed the show. Tammy smiled and said she can't wait to audition.

On the way out Lisa asked her if she was bi. Tammy said no. Lisa called her back and pulled Tammy to her and kissed her and placed Tammy's hands on her tits and pussy. She told her that if she wanted to do porn she better start liking women and more, then wished her a good night.

The rest of the vacation was uneventful and pure relaxation.

Two weeks went by and Lisa got a call from Tammy. After they exchanged pleasantries, Lisa asked her if they were still interested in making a movie. Tammy said they were, her more so than Tom, but they would both be there.

Lisa told Tammy that she had to meet with Robert, the manager & producer to discuss an upcoming movie and asked if she wanted to join her. Tammy quickly said they would go.

Lisa picked up Tammy and Tom and they drove up to Pleasantville to meet Robert.

When they got there, Lisa introduced Tammy and Tom to Robert and told him they were interested in doing a porno.

Over coffee, Robert explained what making one of his movies entails. Tammy told him that Lisa told her some things and she and her husband demonstrated what they would do in a movie.

Robert asked Lisa about it and Lisa said that Tammy and her husband did perform for them in Jamaica and did well.

Robert thought about it and told Tammy to undress. Tammy got up and without hesitation removed her clothes completely. Robert was very impressed and nodded his approval. He got up and went over to Tammy and started touching her all over and Tammy never flinched.

Then he told Tom to strip. He then asked Lisa to get him hard so he could see.

Lisa went over to Tom and in an instant got his 10" hard and ready. Robert was impressed and told him to get dressed and to go into the living room.

He also told Tammy to get dressed and wait in the living room until he finished business with Lisa.

Robert told Lisa that the next movie was going to be about two hours long and would star her, with Tiffany as her associate. They would be getting fucked by at least six men. There would be DP and anal, bi and some water sports.

Lisa said that she is going to want $10,000 more money for a total of $25,000 for the movie.

Robert agreed and said the movie would start in a week. He also told Lisa that he would hire Tammy and Tom for this movie as extras and pay them $5,000, if they were good, but they had to do whatever they were told to do. Lisa said she would tell them.

After they finished, Lisa, Tammy and Tom left. On the way home Lisa told them that they got a part as extras and they would make $5,000 if they were good and did everything they were told to do. Tammy and Tom agreed.

By the end of the week all arrangements were made and Tammy and Tom came to Lisa's place and a limo took the four of them to Robert's house to make the movie.

Tom was taken to a room to wait until Tammy was done. He was told to get naked and be ready. I went with Lisa and Tammy to their room to get ready. Tiffany joined them and Lisa introduced her to Tammy.

The make-up woman came in to get them ready as did the woman for their hair.

The three women were enjoying themselves and went over the script just so they were familiar with what was going to happen.

The five men were ready and I just watched from the back of the room. This was Lisa's first movie with her face exposed and I was wondering how she would react.

When everyone was ready, Robert called them all in the living room and gave each person their assignment.

Tammy and Tiffany will be the opening scene. Tammy would be making out with Tiffany in one room when one of the guys finds them and fucks them in their cunts and asses. After he finished with them, he would join the others and go fuck Lisa and do whatever else they wanted to do, including DP and anal.

Eventually, Tammy and Tiffany will join her for a grand finale.

Robert reminded Lisa that this was going to be a great movie and she will be billed as the star and the new queen of porno and will be famous.

Robert got everyone quiet. I got Tom so he could see his wife doing her first porno and be ready to perform. We both watched.

The shoot started and the camera focused on Tiffany and Tammy naked in bed. For about 30 minutes they played with each other and soon one of the men came in and got on the bed with them and started playing with them. The camera zoomed in on the guy's cock sliding into Tiffany's cunt then Tammy's cunt. He fucked each one until he shot his load all over their faces and tits.

Robert stopped the camera and told the girls they did great and get ready to join Lisa in about an hour.

Tammy asked Tom how she looked and Tom said she was terrific.

Robert called in Lisa and her scene started. The camera focused on her undressing and her famous pussy tattoo. Then the camera got a closeup of her body from her feet up until the camera got to her face.

The next thing we saw was a guy coming behind her and taking her to the bed where he laid her down. The scene continued with her being on her back and him sticking his big cock in her cunt.

As he was fucking her, he called out to his friends to join him in the room so they can join him in fucking Lisa.

One by one all five guys and Tom joined him and she started sucking their cocks as she was getting fucked.

Then she was placed on all fours and one by one the guys started fucking her including Tom. The camera focused in on her cunt, her bouncing tits and her face.

As she is getting fucked, two guys start to suck on her nipples.

Two other guys stood in front of her and she alternately sucked their cocks.

Then the guy fucking her got on his back and she straddled him. The camera focused on his cock disappearing into her cunt as she slid down on his cock.

She leaned forward and another guy placed his cock at her asshole and started sliding it in until his cock was fully seated in her ass.

The cameraman was capturing every detail. The photographer was snapping away and caught every angle and took tons of pictures of her face.

Both guys started fucking her in synch as she sucked cocks and had her nipples sucked.

She now had a cock in her mouth and was jerking two other cocks off.

The guys yelled out they were going to cum. The cameraman and photographer got ready to capture the cum shots.

In an instant the two guys shot their loads, one in her cunt and one in her ass.

The two cocks she was jerking off shot their loads all over her face and tits.

The guy she was sucking shot his load all over her face and into her mouth and the cameraman and photographer caught her swallowing every drop.

Robert called for the action to stop. As Lisa laid on the bed covered in cum, Robert decided he wanted Tammy and Tiffany to come in and play with Lisa and for them to lap up the cum and kiss and have sex with Lisa.

I watched intensely at the shoot.

The two women were called in and got a briefing and filming would be started again.

Robert told them to run over to Lisa and join her on the bed, smearing the cum all over her and making out with her. 

Robert called for filming to start and the girls ran naked over to Lisa and joined her on the bed. They smeared the cum all over her tits and face, lapping up what they could and kissing Lisa and each other.

Tammy mounted Lisa and started grinding her pussy into Lisa's. Tiffany moved her pussy to Lisa's face and told her to open her mouth. Then Tiffany let go a stream of pee directly into Lisa's mouth. As she finished, Tammy started kissing Lisa and enjoyed Tiffany's pee as well.

Tom came over and stood over the three women. His 10" cock was hard and he had all three women get on all fours and he got behind Tiffany first. He then managed to slide his cock in her ass and started fucking it. After several thrusts, he did the same to Tammy and then finally got his big cock into Lisa's ass and pounded it until he was ready to cum. He pulled his cock out and sprayed their asses with his hot cum.

After almost an hour, they laid on the bed exhausted.

Robert stopped the filming and congratulated everyone. He said he would be editing the movie so he can show the cut and uncut version to everyone next week.

Tom and I congratulated all the women. They showered together, got dressed and we went to our house to celebrate.

A week later Robert came over and brought two tapes, the uncut and the final movie. We had invited Tiffany and Tammy and Tom to join us to view the two cuts.

We watched the uncut version which ran three hours and included everything.

Then Robert showed us the final version.

Tammy and Tom and Tiffany and Lisa and myself were amazed at the final movie.

Tammy was terrific for her first time. Tiffany was outstanding and Lisa was a goddess.

Robert said that this movie will be distributed world wide and Lisa will be known all over the world now. He also said that the title will be "Lisa and her friends." He left us both cuts.

He then gave an envelope to Tammy with $5,000 in it and gave Tiffany an envelope with $5,000 in it. Then he handed Lisa her envelope with $25,000 in it. He also gave each woman a $2,500 bonus.

Before he left he told them that they will be doing another movie next week and he wanted them all in it. He said he would call Lisa next week with the details. He also said that the movie will premiere next month and we are all invited to the showing and after party.

All the women said they will be happy to do it and they will be at the premiere.

As soon as Robert left, I brought out some champagne to celebrate the completion of the movie and everyone's success.

Look for Chapter 3