 I had arrived to the hotel late that Thursday night. My flight had been delayed out of Houston and getting from the Airport to the downtown Hyatt in DC had been difficult as well due the hard rains and thunderstorms. I was only here for 2 days of meetings and would be returning home on Saturday afternoon. 

I had declined help with my luggage, preferring to handle my own bag and laptop computer. The elevator rang its arrival on the 18th floor and I looked at the directional signs to locate my room – 1828. After a few twists and turns I saw my room. I also saw two attractive ladies standing outside the room across from mine. Although pleasantly surprised, I didn't give it too much thought. I was 28 and engaged to be married and I'd quit "playing the field" sometime ago. As I got to my room, I said good evening and they said hello. I could tell they were expecting someone...obviously not me.

The taller woman, Kelly, I later learned, said "we were hoping you were our stripper." The other, Laura, a blonde, slapped her on the arm and was clearly embarrassed. "I'm sorry, but I'm just a lawyer." At this moment, the door opened and another woman appeared. She too looked disappointed when she realized I wasn't their evening entertainment. I could hear several others in the room and they were playing music and having a good time – apparently a bachelorette party. I said good night and went into my room.

I put away my hanging clothes, ordered room service and changed into some running shorts and a tee shirt. I thought I'd watch a ballgame and eat my dinner. I called my fiancé and told her I'd arrived safely and that I'd see her on Saturday night. As I was flipping channels, there was a knock on the door. Expecting room service, I went to the door and opened it. There were Kelly and Laura. They were both smiling and I could tell immediately that they were up to something. "We need to ask you something." 

I could tell immediately that they'd been drinking. "Sure what is it?"

"Well...you see, our friend, Tracey is getting married on Saturday and we are having a little party for her tonight. The stripper hasn't shown up and well....we were hoping you'd come over and strip for her."

I was floored at the question and didn't know how to respond. "Wow. I'm really sorry guys, but I don't think I can do that," was all I could come up with. 

"We will pay you." Kelly said. We have $300 for the stripper. You can have all of it." 

"My billing rate is only $250 an hour," I joked, adding, "But really ladies I really don't think I can help you. I'm sorry. Maybe he will show up." They begged and pleaded some more, but I wasn't about to do this. I have to admit that I work out and keep in great shape. I'm about 5'11 and very athletic, but just couldn't get past the engaged part, the lawyer part, the I'm too mature part of my brain. They finally gave up after giving me a sob story about their friend's party being ruined.

I must have dozed off, because I was woken up while still sitting in my chair. I went to answer the door – noticing that it was now about 2 hours later. In front of me were 6 women – all in their mid twenties to early thirties I guessed. They said I was going to strip for them and they wouldn't take no for an answer. I simply said, "ok. I'll be over in 5 minutes." 

I immediately got aroused by the thought of taking my clothes off in front of these attractive women. I changed into some clean boxer briefs, put on new clothes, brushed my hair and teeth and gave myself a long hard look in the mirror...thinking to myself that what happens in DC stays in DC. After all, I was just helping make this woman's party and wouldn't be cheating on my future wife.

I knocked on the door. I was as nervous as I'd ever been. They started immediately hooting and hollering, while the music played loudly in the background. I was introduced to everyone and started unbuttoning my shirt which only increased their volume. I was offered a beer and immediately downed it. Several of the girls helped with my shirt and my cock was straining to be free of the jeans I'd put on. I was really getting into things when I realized my pants were being pulled down from behind. I was now standing in their room with nothing on but my underwear. The girls were having a great time and I downed another beer. 

I started dancing with each of the girls individually and they all took their turns feeling my ass as I groped them as well. I was able to get several of them to remove their shirts, but none would take off their bra. I then noticed that one of the girls was videotaping everything. I kind of freaked out and insisted that they turn the camera off. Visions of my fiancé seeing this or even it ruining my future political career all flashed through my head. She agreed to turn it off and set the camera down. My "show" continued and then they all started chanting for me to take it all off. My dick was as hard as it had ever been and I was horny as hell, but I was not prepared to be completely naked in a room of 6 drunk women. I said I'd give private shows – one at a time- in the bathroom. Obviously the bride to be should be first I suggested. 

Her friends all pulled her out of the chair and with that encouragement, she agreed. We went into the bathroom and could still hear all of the girls laughing and talking. She sat on the commode and I started dancing close to her. She reached up and pulled my shorts to the ground. Immediately she grabbed me and started pumping me up and down. She licked my head a few times and just when I thought I was going to get a blow job, she stood up, kissed me (while I fondled her tits) and then said thanks for the show...I'd better let some of the other girls have a turn.

My disappointment was immediately replaced by lust when Kelly and Laura entered the room. They began undressing and Laura started sucking me. Kelly finished undressing and also got on her knees in front of me. Here were two beautiful women servicing my cock and I wanted more. I helped Laura up and placed her on the counter with her pussy right at the edge. I knelt in front of her and started licking her, lapping really. I was so turned on and she was as well. She came almost instantly, pushing my head into her as I continued to suck and lick her. I then felt Kelly's hand on my cock, stroking me. Knowing I wouldn't last, I knocked her hand away and stood up. I told her that if she had a condom, I'd fuck her. She left the room and returned in about a second. She placed the condom on me and turned toward the mirror, presenting her perfect ass for my taking. I grabbed her hips and began thrusting into her. Laura sat back and enjoyed the show. 

As I pounded her pussy, I could see her face in the mirror. She was about to explode and with a few more thrusts she did. The convulsing her muscles did on me pushed me over the edge and I came hard and fast. After a few moments, the girls thanked me and brought me my clothes. I got dressed in the bathroom and started to leave. They all hugged me and thanked me again for making Tracey's night one she'd never forget. In fact they all said they'd never forget.

Several weeks later, I received a Fed Ex package in my office. Inside was a note, $300 in cash and a video tape. On the note it said: We will never forget.