 NOTE

This part of the story is a little long but it needs to be in order to set everything up. Believe me, you will enjoy what's coming.

***********

The celebration lasted until the next day. We all fell asleep naked and our bodies entwined and covered in cum. It was obvious we had a good time.

After everyone showered and made themselves presentable we had breakfast and discussed our future in the porn business.

I told them that I would like to be the manager for all of them since I managed Lisa. Tammy, Tom and Tiffany agreed that it made sense.

I asked them if they had any boundaries? I reminded them that Lisa had none. Tiffany said she was ok with doing anything. Tammy said she preferred to start out slow as did Tom, until they had more experience.

I asked them what their salary requirements were. Lisa said she was ok with $15,000 a movie and Tiffany said she would like $10,000. Tom and Tammy said they would like $5,000 each for now.

I told them that I would negotiate with Robert and get back to everyone.

They all left and Lisa and I celebrated in private. I told her I would get her more money for what she does. We kissed then fucked the day away.

On Monday I called Robert and told him I wanted to meet with him to negotiate contracts. He agreed and I drove up to his place.

Over coffee we discussed everyone's contract. I told him that I would like to get Lisa more money for what she does. He asked how much more and I told him $35,000 which would make her salary $50,000 a movie and she would do anything he asked her to do in the movie. Everything else stays the same for her. However, if she gets any porn star awards or her movies gross more than $5 million, she gets a $25,000 bonus for each. He agreed.

As far as Tiffany, I told Robert she should get $10,000 per movie. He agreed.

Now, as far as Tammy and Tom went, I told him that although they are new, they should get $5,000 each until they get more experience. He agreed for Tammy. He then said he wanted to groom Tom to be Lisa's leading man for all her movies and that if he would do anything, he would get $10,000 a movie to start.

They all would have to agree to a minimum of twelve movies a year. Of course all their expenses would be covered.

He even said he would give me some small parts for a nominal pay of $2,500. I laughed and told him that would be fine as long as I get to do some fucking. I did tell him any bi stuff would be worth $10,000. He laughed but agreed.

We agreed and he said he would draw up the new contracts immediately. He then said the next movie will be shot in two weeks on a private island in the Caribbean.

We shook hands and I left.

As soon as I got back I relayed the information to everyone. They were more than pleased and were eager to sign their new contract. Lisa couldn't believe what she was going to get to do things she loved to do.

I then told them that we would all be flying down to the Caribbean in two weeks to shoot a movie on a private island.

Two weeks later we were all on a private jet heading to the Caribbean. When we were flying down, Robert poured champagne and offered a toast to Lisa. He said that Lisa was nominated for the Adult Video News Award for her latest movie and the winner will be announced next month.

We finally landed in Jamaica and had a boat waiting for us to take us to the island. The movie crew was already there getting the set ready.

The boat trip took an hour to get to the island. When we got there the boat was unloaded and the supplies brought to the cabins. There were two beautiful cabins with hot tubs and more. It was obvious that this was going to be a top dollar production.

It didn't take long for us to settle in. The one cabin had four large bedrooms and a large special room with a bed. There were handcuffs, chains, dildos, nipple clamps, blindfolds, whips, cock rings, and lots of leather and rubber. We even saw electric shock nipple and cock ring toys hanging up on the wall.

The other cabin was a little smaller but had four bedrooms. We were staying in the larger cabin.

Food was brought in daily. The crew stayed on the mainland and came over with the catered food throughout the day. The 5 men and 5 women who will be in the movie will be staying in the smaller cabin.

So, for the entire shoot, it would be the five of us and 10 cast members on the island until we finished the movie.

The next night Robert explained the movie. First, he asked if everyone could swim and we all said yes. He said that some scenes might be done in the water.

He envisioned that the first part of the movie to be very sensuous, not just a fuck movie. It was a romantic getaway on the island. He wanted romance and real sex not acting sex. Then afterwards the sex will kick in when the 10 people invaded the island. 

He got everyone in the large cabin's living room, including the 10 actors. We all sat around and listened to him telling us his vision.

The first thing he did was to introduce Lisa, myself, Tom, Tammy and Tiffany as the stars of the movie. Everyone knew who Lisa was and gave her a round of applause. Her face turned a beet red from embarrassment and she acknowledged their applause.

He said for the next week we would all just hang out to get to know one another. He emphasized that he wanted romance in the beginning, not just sex. Clothing would be optional on the island. 

He asked the actors if any of them had relationships. They all said that they were there with their husbands and wives or boyfriends and girlfriends. 

He told all of us that the men would actually be making love to their wives or girlfriends to start with and he wanted it to be real.

As Robert finished, he said he wanted everyone to enjoy themselves and to have a good time as the movie will start shooting in a week.

Everyone got up and headed to their cabin. As they were not needed until the end of the week, they would just hang out and relax.

The five of us stayed and discussed the movie and thought it sounded great. Lisa asked Tammy if she was ok with everything. She said that her and Tom discussed being in porn and that they did like it and were glad for the opportunity to do such movies with Lisa.

Tammy asked me how is it going to feel fucking Lisa in the movie. I told her that it will be my first time in an x-rated movie but I know how to fuck her so I should be ok.

Tiffany said she was just thankful for the opportunity to be in a movie with Lisa and everyone here.

Lisa and I went to one room and Tammy and Tom went to one room and Tiffany went to the other room.

As it was late, we all got undressed and jumped into bed.

The next morning we got up and we all showered, some in pairs and then we went to breakfast. All five of us were naked.

The food was already delivered and most of the actors joined us. Some were naked and some had minimal clothes on.

We introduced ourselves again and everyone already knew Lisa and gave her another round of applause and said they were thrilled to be working with her.

The next few days people got to know each other. By now everyone stayed nude and just relaxed.

Lisa discussed her role and how she could make it different than in her other two movies.

Tom and Tammy mingled with the cast and got some pointers on being in the business.

After the week was over, Robert announced that the movie will start shooting in the morning.

He had hair stylists and makeup people on hand. He had a personal assistant assigned to Lisa, Tammy and Tiffany to get their pussies smooth and ready for their closeups.

The four cameramen and four photographers were all set and everything was ready.

Robert said the first scene would be the stars arriving, getting naked and going out to enjoy the island. Their lovemaking would be done outside.

We got to sleep early and the next morning we got up at 6:00 a.m. and got ready. 

Robert directed Lisa and the four of us to start filming by coming out naked and heading to the water with our towels for a day at the beach.

Lisa and I led the others and we walked hand in hand down to the shore. Tiffany walked with me and Lisa.

After we laid the towels down, we all went into the water and played together. Robert got good shots of Lisa's, Tammy's and Tiffany's tits bouncing around. After a half hour or more, Robert directed us to go to the towels and start making out.

We walked out of the water and laid down on the towels. I laid down between Lisa and Tiffany. Tom and Tammy were not far from us.

Once on the towels, Lisa and I started playing with each other. We kissed and felt each other up. Robert yelled for Lisa to spread her legs more and the cameraman got closeups of her inviting cunt. Then Robert yelled for me to start fucking her.

I mounted Lisa and I slipped my cock in my wife's cunt. As soon as my cock was fully seated in her cunt, we started fucking.

Robert yelled for Tom to start fucking Tammy.

Robert told Tiffany to kiss Lisa as she was being fucked and when I came, to continue where I left off.

After a few minutes, I shot my load in Lisa at her cunt opening so my cum would ooze out for the cameraman. When Robert saw that, he yelled for Tom to do the same.

I dismounted from Lisa and Tiffany started making love to Lisa. Robert got good footage of the two of them grinding their pussies and them having their orgasms.

After a whole morning of shooting, we took a break for lunch.

Robert told us that the scene went well. He said the next scene would be with Tom and Lisa and me and Tammy and Tiffany.

After lunch, the shoot continued. The five of us walked along the beach. This time it was me, Tammy and Tiffany and Lisa and Tom.

As we walked, Lisa and Tom stopped in front of us and we watched as they kissed. Tom's hands were all over Lisa and soon we watched as Lisa knelt in front of Tom and started sucking his big 10" cock. I whispered to Tammy that Lisa is doing this on her own and not part of the film. She just smiled.

The three of us moved closer and watched as Lisa continued blowing Tom. 

Tammy and Tiffany then knelt in front of me and they each shared my cock and balls.

The cameraman and photographer were all around us as the women continued their assault on our cocks.

It didn't take long before Tom and I were ready to cum. When we did, we shot our loads all over their faces and tits.

The women got up and the five of us smiled and continued our walk, hand in hand.

Robert yelled for filming to stop. He told us that this was a very good off the cuff scene and was very romantic.

By this time the sun was setting and the filming stopped and the day was over.

Tiffany went back to the cabin while the four of us stayed on the beach to watch the sun set. One of the photographers and a cameraman stayed and kept shooting without our noticing them.

As we saw the sun go down, the four of us started making out and before we realized it, we were having private sex. Tom and I laid on our backs next to each other and Lisa and Tammy straddled us and pushed their cunts down to engulf our cocks. Our wives started riding our cocks. Their tits bouncing up and down as they kissed each other.

Soon, the women were gyrating their hips and cunts on our cocks as they rode us. As they rode us hard Tom and I yelled out that we were going to cum. They lifted their cunts up and Tom and I shot our cum straight up, hitting their cunts as they lifted them from our cocks. As we came, they both yelled out that they were also cumming and they embraced each other kissing.

As the sun disappeared, we got up and walked back to the cabin.

After dinner, Robert looked at the video that was taken today. He told us that the scenes were really good and the off the cuff scene of getting blow jobs was excellent. He also said that the sunset sex scene was really romantic and exactly what he was looking for.

I told him that we didn't know we were being filmed and it was spontaneous. Robert suggested we do more of that.

Over the next few days the five of us had a variety of sex scenes that we filmed. In between the filming, we had to take a ton of pictures for the movie promotion.

Most were natural pictures but quite a few were staged, especially the hard core pictures. Lisa was the star and they concentrated on her.

I told her she will surely be recognized now and is going to have a huge fan base. She just laughed and promised to be a good star to her adoring fans. I asked how working with Tom was going and she said that he is easy to work with and his cock wasn't bad either.

I reminded her that Robert wants to make him her leading man for future movies. She smiled and said that would be fine.

Tammy and Tom got their share of stills taken too, as did Tiffany.

By the end of the week, the romance scenes were completed and tomorrow would start the hard core sex scenes.

That night Robert got everyone together and told them that the hard core sex scenes start tomorrow.

The cast will be filmed landing on the island, capturing the stars and taking them captive. Lisa & Tammy will wind up in the BDSM room. Tiffany will be fucked by two guys and by the women. Tom and John will be tied up and forced to watch Lisa and Tammy get theirs.

Robert wished everyone a good night.

At 7:00 a.m., the filming started.

Lisa and the four others were naked and were in the cabin having breakfast and a boat with the ten people quietly landed on the beach.

The ten quietly went to the cabin and rushed in, capturing the five people. A fight ensued but they could not fight off the intruders and were captured.

Lisa and Tammy were taken to the special room and cuffed and chained to the wall. Tiffany was dragged to a bedroom and locked in. Tom and I were tied up and bound.

Robert yelled out for two women and two men go take care of Tiffany. Then he told two other men and two women to go to Lisa and Tammy. One guy and a woman brought over John and Tom to watch.

Once the actors were set, Robert broke for lunch.

Food was brought in and everybody enjoyed themselves. After lunch makeup was taken care of and everyone was positioned as they were before lunch.

Robert said to start filming. He told the ten to get naked and to start intimidating their captives.

The door to Tiffany's room opened and the two men and two women went in and closed the door.

The two men stood in front of Tiffany and told her to suck their cocks. Tiffany knelt in front of them and started sucking them, going from one to the other. The cameraman was trying to get good angles of the blow jobs. The two women watched, one on each side of her. They played with her tits as she sucked their cocks.

The guys told her to make them cum and the women now had her nipples in their mouths.

In a few minutes, the guys were ready to shoot their loads. They pulled out their cocks and had Tiffany open her mouth wide and they both shot their streams of cum right into her mouth, almost gagging her as she swallowed all of it. Once they finished with her, they left the two women alone with her and walked out of the room.

Meanwhile, Lisa and Tammy were bound to the wall. Their nakedness available to all. 

Tom and I watched as the men blindfolded the women and attached the electric nipple clamps to their nipples. They took large dildos and forced them into their cunts. Then the men started feeling both of them up. They kissed them, played with their tits and nipples. The two women felt Lisa and Tammy up and ran their tongues all over them.

Then one of the guys took the whip and started hitting Lisa and Tammy with it ever so lightly. When they finished, they undid their shackles and pushed both of them on the bed.

They were told to get on all fours. The two women came up behind them and rammed a large butt plug up their asses then pulled out the dildos.

The men made them get on their backs and spread their legs. The guys each mounted them and rammed their big cocks in their cunts and started fucking them.

Tom and I were asked if we liked what we saw and we nodded a yes. They continued pounding their cunts and I could see Lisa's hips rising up to meet the guy's thrusts. It didn't take long for her to get in synch with him. Now it looked like she was enjoying it.

The guy told her he was going to cum on her and she nodded an ok. He pulled his cock out and shot his cum all over her face and tits. It made a beautiful picture.

Tammy's guy told her he was going to cum in her. She moved her head back and forth to say no but the guy shot his cum deep into her cunt.

When they finished, they told the two women they could have them now.

Robert yelled to stop filming. He said that was enough for the day.

Tom and I went over to Tammy and Lisa and got them cleaned up. We both told them that they were terrific and the scene was great.

In the meantime, I went to Tiffany to make sure she survived and she did.

Robert told everyone that they did a great job and the shoot will continue tomorrow. He said the shoot will start at 1:00 p.m.

Robert asked Lisa and Tammy how they were since the scene was very intense. They said they were ok. He told them that he would look at the film and stills and see them in the morning.

That night everyone went to bed early and they knew tomorrow would be another intense day.

Around 9:00 a.m. Robert came in and told them that he looked at the various films (there were four cameras used) and the stills.

He said he picked out several stills to be used for the movie promotion and the films so far were great.

He then said that he wanted Tom and Lisa to really go at it tomorrow. He wanted oral, anal and regular. He told me that he wanted me to give Tom oral while he played with Lisa and for Lisa to encourage him.

Tammy and Tiffany would be off tomorrow.

The three of them said we would do whatever he wanted.

By 1:00 p.m. everything was set for Lisa's scene with Tom and myself. The only people around were two cameramen and two photographers, Robert and the sound engineer.

Using their imagination that the captors were there and directing them, we started the scene. Robert yelled out that the guys told Lisa that they wanted to see her get fucked by Tom and have me, her husband, watch.

Lisa and Tom looked at their captors and Lisa whispered to Tom, "It's ok Tom. Just do it. John understands. Do whatever they want. I'm ok with it." She then gave him a kiss.

The guys yelled out, "Get started and do everything to the whore, not just fuck her."

Tom gulped and started to kiss Lisa. She nervously returned his kiss. They started to feel each other up and continued kissing. Their mouths opened and their tongues met.

Then Tom laid Lisa on the bed and joined her. They continued playing with each other. Their legs wrapped around each other. Their bodies pressed together. 

I could see Lisa's nipples hardening as they continued. Tom's cock was rock hard and straight out now. 

He pushed Lisa on her back and mounted my wife. Lisa spread her pussy lips to allow his cock to penetrate her. He placed his cock at her slit and without pushing it in, her cunt seemed to suck his cock inside her until it was completely in her.

He gave her a few thrusts and I could see her trying to get in a rhythm with him. It took a few minutes but now they were fucking in synch. Her hips rising up to meet his thrusts. It was clear to me and our captors that Lisa was enjoying every minute of it.

Tom pulled his cock out and told her to get on all fours. When she did, he placed his cock against her slit and slid his cock in her cunt as she pushed back until it was gone from sight. 

Tom pumped his cock in her as her tits were swaying. She even started fingering herself with each thrust.

Then Tom took out his cock and pressed it against her asshole. I watched my wife take Tom's cock completely in her ass until his balls hit her.
