 Lisa was now a porn star. Her, Tom, Tammy, Tiffany and myself went on a month long tour and signed copies of the movie for her fans.

When we returned Robert called and asked us to come up to his house for the next day for a buffet and to talk some business.

We told him that sounded like fun and he said he would send a car for us.

The next day we were driven up to Pleasantville for the day.

Robert told us that he wanted to celebrate everyone's success and to enjoy the day. He also said that we could undress if we wanted to and be more comfortable.

It didn't take long for everyone to disrobe and relax.

After a few hours of eating and drinking Robert said he had to ask us something.

We sat around and Robert said that a wealthy European wanted to hire this group for a private event.

We all looked at each other with puzzled looks and asked what that meant.

Robert said the guy wants to hire us to perform sex acts for him and his dozen guests, live at his place in France. He continued by saying the guy is willing to pay a considerable sum for the live show.

The five of us looked in disbelief. I asked him how much money were we talking about.

Robert said the guy is offering $1 million dollars but there were stipulations.

We asked what they were.

Robert then laid them out:

For the weekend we were at his place, we would have to be naked,

Any of his guests could touch or feel us as long as we were there,

All sexual activity would be filmed,

We would be available to his guests for sex, and

He and Lisa would spend the weekend together for sex and be filmed.

I told Robert we wouldn't do it and to tell the guy. Everyone agreed.

Robert excused himself and in fifteen minutes came back. He said he spoke to the guy and he has now offered us $2 million for the weekend.

Lisa laughed and told Robert to tell the guy she wants $1 million for herself and $500,000 each for everyone else. We all laughed. 

Robert left and came back in a few minutes and said the guy agreed.

We practically fell over. We asked if he was serious and he said he was and that the guy will send the money first but we had to be there next weekend.

We told Robert we wanted to discuss it and he left.

As we sat, we talked about the offer. We were ok with everything but the filming, especially Lisa. We said that we would do it but not the filming. Then we called Robert in and told him.

Robert said he would call the guy. In a few minutes Robert returned and said this was the final offer from the guy. The guy will pay us the $2 million but the filming would be done without faces being shown, including Lisa's and that we would view the film to make sure.

We all looked at each other and were ready to say yes when Lisa asked Robert to get the guy on the phone so she could speak to him.

Lisa and Robert got up and went inside to make the call.

In less than ten minutes Lisa came in and announced that each person would get $1 million and not filmed. She then said that she is going to get $5 million and he could film her face but she would have to do anything he wanted her to do and she was ok with that. She also had to spend the entire weekend with him only.

We were shocked but we agreed and Robert brought out champagne to celebrate. 

Tammy asked Robert what did the guy look like and how old was he. Robert said he didn't know.

He will be sending his jet Friday and he will be sending the money tomorrow.

We had a few days to make all the arrangements and on Friday a limo picked us up and took us to JFK for our flight to France.

On the way there, we all talked about what to expect and that we would handle any situation politely and professionally.

I spoke to Lisa and asked if she was ok with everything. She said, "John, this whole porn thing started out as a fluke and I enjoyed it. We made some money and I got a ton of sex and got paid for it. I figure after this, the guy is going to show the film to everyone and my porn days would be numbered anyway, so I went for the brass ring and got it. After this, I will retire and you and I can go back to being normal."

I kissed and hugged her and told her she was one terrific woman.

After several hours, we landed in France, went through customs and were taken by limo to the guy's house which was a huge mansion.

When we arrived, we were greeted by a ton of servants and taken to our quarters. I went to one room. Tiffany was taken to another room and Tammy and Tom to their room. Lisa was taken to the owner's room.

We unpacked and, as required, got naked.

Soon, there was a knock on our doors and we were summoned to go meet the owner.

The four of us were taken to the main seating area where the owner would meet us. Lisa was brought down by one of the servants and she was naked.

We waited for about ten minutes and a door swung open. A servant came in followed by a young man who appeared to be in his early 20's.

We all looked at each other. The servant introduced the young fellow as Andre and that he was the host for the weekend.

Our jaws dropped. Lisa asked him if he was the owner and he said he was. He also thanked us for agreeing to coming and hoped the time here would be enjoyable for everyone.

He came over to each of us and welcomed us here. He gave each one a small kiss and when he got to Lisa, I thought he was going to collapse. All I heard him say was that Lisa was beautiful and he kissed her gently on her lips.

He then instructed his servants to bring us whatever we wanted.

The servant advised us that the guests would be arriving in a few hours and that they would be staying over for the entire weekend.

We went upstairs. I asked Tiffany if she would like to join me for the weekend and she said ok and got her stuff and brought them to my room.

Lisa said she was going to Andre's room to rest and would meet up with everyone later. With that, she left me and went to his room.

About an hour before everyone arrived, Lisa came to my room and we talked. I asked her what happened with Andre. 

She said that she talked to him and found out he was left a ton of money by the family. He told her that he doesn't venture out because of his fear of being kidnapped for ransom or killed. He said that if he heard about a play or whatever, he brings them to perform for him. He also said that he saw my last movie and thought I was beautiful and wanted to meet me and he figured the only way would be to offer money. 

I asked Lisa what does he want you to do. She smiled and said nothing and that he is fine with me being here with him. He only asked everyone to come here so I would come and to entertain his close friends but if they didn't want to do it, he would understand. I told him we would honor our contract and enjoy it as well.

I looked at her and told her I felt sorry for him. Then Lisa said that Andre has never been with a real woman. I gasped and asked her what was she going to do. Lisa said she was going to be gentle with him and make him a man this weekend. I smiled and told her she was one terrific woman. She swore me to secrecy too.

I gathered everyone and we headed downstairs to meet Andre's guests. We stood naked in the main entrance and greeted them as they entered. 

There would be six couples from their mid 20's to a couple in their early 60's. They were all married and Andre told them they would have an experience of a lifetime.

As they came in, the servant introduced us to the guests. Some of the guests smiled when they saw us and a few of them touched us too. 

The people looked like regular people, with lots of money but were polite.

When everyone arrived, Andre came in and welcomed them. He had Lisa on his arm. He introduced us to his guests and then introduced Lisa.

He told everyone that Lisa was the new queen of porn and just released her latest movie which has grossed $10 million and counting. He also told them that he will be showing the movie later on. 

He then announced the agenda for the weekend. He told his guests that we were at their disposal for the weekend for whatever they desire, all but Lisa, who was his for the weekend.

Andre told them their belongings were brought up to their rooms which had their names on them. Lastly, he told them that they were to enjoy themselves and enjoy their partners.

We mingled with the guests and they were very polite and asked us a lot of questions about us being in porn. They asked if it was ok if they touched us and felt us. We told they could do whatever they wanted and that we were here to please them.

The older couple approached Tiffany and we saw the three of them going upstairs. It looked like the woman was more interested in Tiffany than her husband was.

As we chatted, I looked to the side and I saw Lisa and Andre going upstairs. I figured I wouldn't see her until tomorrow.

Another couple took Tom upstairs and then I saw Tammy with a couple and they disappeared. I was the last one to hook up and I went with the very young couple. They introduced themselves as Richard and Diane.

When we went to their room, we chatted and Diane asked what it was like to have Lisa as my wife. I told them that Lisa was a terrific and loving person. Richard asked what I thought of Lisa being fucked by everyone. I told them that I love watching Lisa fucking others.

That being said, they both undressed and we all got on the bed with Diane in the middle. We spent the rest of the time fucking Diane.

The next morning I saw Lisa and I asked her what happened with Andre.

Over coffee Lisa told me what happened. She said they went upstairs to his room which was tremendous with its own hot tub, small pool and a shower that could fit an army.

She saw video cameras turned on throughout the bedroom and bathroom, hot tub area and pool.

Anyway, she continued by saying that after they got upstairs we sat on his huge bed and I asked him why he liked me. He just said I was the most beautiful woman he had ever seen and couldn't get me out of his mind. I thanked him for the compliment and then I asked him to touch and feel me. He was shy so I took his hands and placed them on my naked shoulder. I then moved his hands down my front and let him touch and feel my breasts. I told him to play with my tits and nipples. As he did, my nipples swelled up. I told him they liked his touch and he could suck them if he liked.

He hesitated so I pulled his face to my tits and made his mouth meet my nipples. Then he took one in his mouth and started to suck it. After a minute or two he got into it. I could see his cock getting hard so I stopped him and asked him to stand up.

When he stood up I told him I was going to undress him. He stood there as I unbuttoned and removed his shirt. Then I unbuckled his pants and let them fall to the floor. Now he only had his shorts on and I looked into his eyes and slowly slid them off of him. His hard cock sprang out. I told him his cock and balls were magnificent and that his body was very athletic from working out.

Anyway, we were both naked now. I put his hands back on me and told him to feel me all over. This time he was a little more aggressive and touched all of me. I told him to rub my pussy and asked him if he liked it. He said he did. Then he asked me how if felt having all those cocks in me. I told him I enjoy it and that I want to enjoy him.

Then I laid him on the bed and laid down next to him. I told him I was going to feel him up and he was to do the same to me. In no time at all his hands were all over me and he was enjoying it as much as I was.

I asked him if he would like me to play with his cock. He said yes and I moved my hand down to his rock hard cock and I gently grabbed his shaft and massaged it. I told him to spread his legs and as he did, I told him I was going to suck it. He just meekly said ok. I moved my mouth down to his cock and teased it with my tongue. Then, while looking into his eyes, I slipped my mouth over his cock and started sucking it.

As my eyes were riveted on his eyes, little by little I sucked harder and faster. He told me he felt like he was going to explode. I told that was good and that he was ready to cum. I asked him where he would like to cum, in my mouth or on me. He said he wanted to see it come on me. I went back to sucking and told him to tell ne when he felt like he was going to explode. In a couple of seconds he said he was ready. I took my mouth off of his cock, gave it a few jerks and watched his cum shoot all over my tits. He never stopped cumming and seemed shocked by what happened.

I congratulated him on such a good job of cumming. He smiled and said that it felt good.

He asked if I wanted to get cleaned up and I told him no, that I liked his cum on me. He just smiled.

We talked a lot more and I asked him if he had my movie. He said he did and I told him that I wanted to watch it with him now. He got up and put the dvd on and we laid in bed and watched the movie, all the while feeling each other up and kissing.

During the movie, we cuddled and then I saw his cock was hard again so I told him that we were going to fuck just like in the movie.

We started kissing and this time his instincts took over and took control and actually started making out with me. As we kissed, I slipped my tongue in his mouth and his tongue played with mine. We rolled around on the bed and I told him to lay on top of me. As he did, I placed his cock in front of my slit. I spread my lips and guided his cock into my wet cunt.

In a second, his cock was deep inside me. I asked him if he liked it. He smiled and said yes. I told him to move his cock in and out of me slowly. As he did, I got in synch with him and in a short time he was actually fucking me. I asked him how he liked fucking a porn queen. He smiled and said he could do this all the time as it felt good and we laughed.

I told him to fuck me faster and harder. I told him to let me know when he was ready to explode again. He said he was almost ready now. I told him that when he was ready, to just let it happen and to cum in me.

A few more thrusts and he said it was time. I fucked him back and then he exploded. I felt his cum shooting into me. I told him he did a great job and I kissed him.

By this time it was late but there was one more thing I wanted him to do before we slept. We rested awhile and continued watching the movie. Then I saw his cock getting hard.

I told him that we were going to something that I love to do and that I wanted him to love it too. 

I got on all fours and I told him to slip his fingers in my cunt and get some of his cum on them. He did as I told him. Then I told him to slip his cum fingers in my asshole. He did that. Then I told him to place his cock in front of my asshole and start pushing his cock in me. His cock entered me easily and I told him to push it all the way in. I pushed back as he entered me and soon his cock was completely in my ass.

I told him to start fucking my ass like he did my cunt. Every time he pushed in, I pushed my ass back. Soon, he said he was cumming. I told him to cum in my ass. Then I felt at least three streams of cum fill my ass.

After he came he took out his limp cock and we cuddled and fell asleep in each others arms. Just before dawn I felt a strange sensation. My eyes opened and I saw that he placed his mouth on my nipple. I opened my eyes wider and Andre was sucking it. He then rolled me on my back and mounted me. In a second his cock was in me and fucking me. He shot a huge load in me and then kissed me and thanked me and we fell back to sleep with his cum oozing out my cunt.

I told her she created a monster. She said he is a lovely young man that needs some guidance when it came to sex.

By this time everyone came in for breakfast. Everyone was naked and smiling. It seemed that the guests enjoyed themselves last night.

Andre and Lisa came down and he said he was going to play the movie in a bit and suggested that his guests take advantage of having the stars here and possibly recreate some of the scenes.

It was then the he and Lisa went back upstairs.

As the movie played, we looked at each other and we started playing with the guests. Soon, it turned into an orgy with naked bodies all over the place. The guests did whatever they wanted to do and Tiffany and Tammy had guys and girls all over them. At one point, I saw four guys with Tammy. Tiffany was being attacked by the women and Tom was having his cock sucked by one of the men.

After a few hours, I saw Lisa come out of Andre's bedroom so I went up to her to find out what was going on.

She told me that Andre and her fucked again. This time she rode his cock in bed until he came. Then they went into the hot tub. She said that as soon as they got in, Andre was all over her, kissing her and feeling her up. She said that she straddled him in the hot tub and guided his cock into her cunt. She laughed and said that he didn't last long and came inside her.

She said they used the pool and that every move they made was filmed.

After the pool, they showered together and went back in bed. She then said she got a shock when he called in one of his female servants, a young brunette who was just about 18. I watched as he told her to undress. She did as she was told and stood there naked. Then he asked me if I would make out with her. I looked at him, got up and walked over to her and kissed her. Then I brought her back to the bed. We laid down and we started kissing and making out as Andre watched.

Soon, Andre made another call and a male servant came in. He was told to undress and he did. His cock was huge and was already hard. He told the servant to join us and in a short time the three of us were on the bed playing with each other as Andre watched.

Andre enjoyed watching me with both of them and loved seeing me getting fucked by the guy and then rubbing my pussy with the female. When the three of us finished, Andre dismissed them and joined me on the bed. I asked him if he enjoyed the show. He just smiled and said he did and I was sexier in person than in the movie.

I asked her what she going to do for a finale with him. She said she didn't know. I told her she should have every guy fuck her and have him watch. She thought that was a good idea and would do it.

After the orgy finished it was early evening. Lisa had told Andre she had a special surprise for him. In the meantime, I told all the men that they would be fucking Lisa. The women could have Lisa after the men finished with her. Everyone was in agreement.

When it was time, I called Lisa and Andre to come down. When they did, I told Andre that Lisa had something to show him. I took Lisa to the spare bedroom and got her on the bed. A camera was active. I told Andre to sit and watch.

I called the men into the room, one by one. They lined up and I told them to start. Each male guest mounted Lisa and one by one fucked her in front of Andre. Each one shooting their cum wherever they wanted. After almost an hour, Lisa fucked all six male guests. Then she fucked Tom and I was last. By the time we finished, Lisa was covered in cum. Her cunt was overflowing in cum and her ass oozed some too.

Andre started to get up but we told him there was more. Each woman came in and mounted Lisa and her cum soaked body and rubbed their pussies until each woman had their orgasms.

When all the guests were finished, I told Andre he could now have Lisa. He got up and went over to her and, as everyone watched, he mounted her and fucked her until he came hard in her cunt.

That was the culmination of a great weekend.

In the morning we packed and were ready to fly back home. Andre told all of us that we did a fine job and the money he paid us was well worth it.

He gave special thanks to Lisa who was an angel from heaven sent to him.
