 Everyone on the flight home slept or just relaxed.

Three months after we got back Robert called and said we were to do another movie. He said it would be a gay theme and just Tom and I would star. I told him I wanted a lot of money. He offered me $50,000 and I accepted.

He said he would pay Tom $25,000.

I agreed and I told him Tom would be ok with it.

Robert said he would send me the details. The shoot would start in a couple of days and go for a month and maybe done at different locations.

I told Lisa and she was surprised but told me to enjoy it.

Lisa said she was going to call Andre and have him fly her over if that was ok with me. I told her for $10 million she should go since I would be doing the shoot anyway.

The next day Lisa said Andre's jet would be landing tomorrow and she will join him for the month. I told her to enjoy herself.

This Part is being told by Lisa 

The limo picked me up and took me to JFK. The jet took off and about a half hour into the flight, Andre appeared in the main cabin. I was shocked but pleased. I asked him what he was doing here. He said he heard about a mile high club and wanted to join it.

I laughed and asked him if he knew what it was. He said he heard it was a sex term with planes. I told him it is an unofficial club of couples who have sex on a plane, usually in the lavatory or while they were covered.

He smiled and asked what I was waiting for.

I told him to get naked. As I disrobed, I watched his eyes as I undressed. I could see he was really excited and eager.

Soon we were both naked and in an embrace. I told him to sit on the chair. I moved over to him and straddled his cock and spread my pussy lips so his cock would have no problem entering me.

As I sat on his cock, I could feel it sliding in and stretching my cunt. I asked my young lover how it felt. He smiled and said it felt good. I started moving up and down on his cock slowly then faster.

Andre said he was going to cum. I kissed him and told him to cum in my cunt. Then I felt him spurting his cum in me as he was sucking my nipples.

I knew then that the boy was becoming a man and I couldn't wait to see what the month would bring.

We spent the rest of the flight naked and horny. I told him he should have brought a couple of his servants with him and I laughed.

I told him that he was now an official member of the mile high club.

We finally landed and were taken to his mansion. My bags were brought up to Andre's room and the maid unpacked for me and put things away.

Then I noticed a closet that was partially opened. I peeked into it and saw almost a hundred lingerie outfits. I asked Andre about them and he said there were at least three for every day I would be here. I kissed him and told him he was a terrific and special young man.

He told me that I could do and have anything I wanted while I was with him.

I told him I wanted to see all the video he took of us from last month. He said he had it put together and will show it to me tomorrow night.

I told Andre to sit on the bed and watch. I started to slowly and seductively remove my clothes. First it was my blouse then I dropped my skirt and kicked off my high heels and slowly removed my black stockings. I was left with my bra and g-string on only.

Andre's eyes never left my body. I asked him if he liked what he saw. He said he did and I told him to show me.

He stood up and removed his clothes and got naked. His cock was hard and ready for me. He came to me and unhooked my bra and watched my tits as they were now free. He then grasped my g-string and ripped it off, leaving me completely naked.

I asked him if he wanted me. He took me and pushed me onto the bed. Then he joined me and immediately mounted me and pushed his cock right into my slit. He started fucking me and in a short time he said he was going to cum. I told him to cum in my mouth. He pulled out his cock and jerked it and I opened my mouth as he shot stream after stream of his cum into my mouth.

As soon as he finished, I pulled his face to me and I kissed him, opening my mouth so his tongue could taste his cum. His tongue played with mine and both our tongues and mouth now shared his cum.

My young boy was becoming a real man.

We fell asleep naked and cum soaked.

When we awoke in the morning he had his servants serve us breakfast in bed. We were both naked which didn't bother him or myself. I sat up in the bed with my tits on full display.

As we ate he asked if he could ask me questions. I told him he could ask whatever he wanted and I would answer him truthfully.

He started out asking if I loved my husband and I told him I did. Then he asked if I would divorce him and come live with him and I told him no. He asked if I preferred men or women. I told him I love them both and that I truly love cocks and love them in my cunt as he was well aware. 

I then asked him if he was more comfortable with sex now and he said he was. I asked him what did he have in mind for us doing for a month. He said he wanted to experience a lifetime of sex with me as his teacher. 

I asked him about his servants. I wanted to know if they would participate in sex with me, him and us. He said he would ask them now.

With that, he called all of them in and asked them.

He had a dozen servants, 6 men and 6 women. There was nobody over 40 in his employ.

As we sat naked in his bed, with my tits out of the covers, Andre asked them if they had any problem with having sex with Lisa, a porn queen and himself or amongst themselves and joining the two of them.

Two of the men said they were married and didn't think it would be right and they said no. The women said they had no problem with any arrangement.

Andre then dismissed his staff. Then he said it was time to shower and make plans.

We showered and of course I had no choice but to give Andre his first blow job in the shower and he really enjoyed it by the amount of cum he shot down my throat.

After the shower we went to the pool and he wanted to make some plans for the month but I told him not to and that we should let things develop naturally. He agreed.

I told him that tonight I would wear his lingerie but first I would like to talk to his maids and pick one out for tonight. He smiled and said ok.

He summoned all of them then he left the bedroom so I could talk to each one in private.

One by one, I spoke to the maids. The brunette I had sex with was a keeper and she said she enjoyed it before and would be happy to join us.

A young blond came in next and I told her to get naked. I asked her if she would be interested in joining us. She said that she heard about me and found me to be very sexy and loved my body. I told her she could have my body if she wanted it. She smiled and said ok.

Another maid came in and without question, undressed and said she would do anything for Andre and agreed.

The next three maids undressed and they all said they would be willing to join us too.

Then the four remaining men came in, one at a time. 

The first guy was the one who joined us before and he said he was on board.

The next guy came in and I told him to get naked. He had a big cock and I asked him if he wanted to participate. He said he would as long as he could fuck me. I smiled and told him that would happen.

The next servant came in and undressed. I told him he had a nice cock and balls. He said that I would enjoy it if he joined us. I smiled and he left.

The last guy came in and slowly undressed until his big cock sprung out. My eyes got wide and I got up and moved to him. I knelt in front of him and placed his cock in my mouth. I sucked it until he shot his load into my mouth. I told him he would do and then he left.

After the interviews, I called in Andre and told him that his servants were all set and they would participate completely.

That night I put on a sexy piece of lingerie and modeled it for Andre. We laid on the bed and we started watching the uncut film he took of us.

As we watched he kept saying how sexy I was and he would do anything for me. I told him giving me $10 million to stay with him was more than enough.

I made a mistake and told him I loved him but I quickly corrected my error and told him I loved how he turned into the sexual animal that I admired.

That night my little boy did become a man, one who was now fully appreciative of what I taught him.

He said he knew what I meant. That night we had tremendous sex as I let him take charge. He knew exactly what to do and how to do it.

We fell asleep with his cock in my cunt and I enjoyed the feeling until it slipped out. Around three in the morning I heard footsteps and the bed coverings being lifted. I could only make out that it was a female. Looking again, it was the brunette who I first had sex with.

She was naked and cuddled with me. Her tits pressed against mine. Andre was still asleep but not for long. As he awoke, I told him we had company. He opened his eyes and smiled. He immediately climbed over me and got between me and his maid.

Andre's cock was hard and me and the maid started playing with his cock. The maid started sucking his cock and he pushed her head down so her mouth took his cock completely.

As she was sucking his cock, Andre and I were kissing as he felt me up. His hands were on my ass as I started to play with the woman's tits.

Andre said he was going to cum. I slipped down to his cock and both of us waited with open mouths for Andre's cum to fill us up. 

It took seconds and Andre shot his load into our mouths as we swallowed his juice completely.

The three of us fell asleep in a pile until the sun came up.

Over the next few days, the sex was endless. We had many of the servants join us, many of whom stayed the night with us.

Andre made sure the cameras were always on and taking video.

At the end of the first week, I called my hubby and told him of our escapades. He just said to enjoy myself and couldn't wait for me to get back.

I asked him how his gay movie was going and he said he was getting used to cock now and laughed. I told him I would see him in a couple of weeks.

The next morning, Andre said we were going on a trip. He said my stuff was already packed and the car was ready to take us to the airport.

In a short time, we were on the jet and taking off. Andre said we were going to an island for a week and that his servants will be there to take care of all our needs.

During the two hour flight, my young man fucked me twice and filled my holes with his cum. I was dripping cum when we got off the jet.

The island was beautiful. There was a cabin that easily slept a dozen or more. The servants were all naked and waiting for us.

I was escorted to the master bedroom and told to get naked. Then I was taken to the great room where Andre told me to lay on the floor. With that, all the servants came towards me. 

Andre said I was going to be the center of attraction and I was to take on all the servants as he watched.

I looked at him and smiled and told his servants that I would make sure this would be something none of them would ever forget, especially Andre.

Each one laid down near me. My mouth found their cocks, pussies and nipples as they were all over me, feeling every part of me.

I had a cock in my cunt and one in my mouth. My nipples were being sucked by two of the women.

I could feel a tongue trying to slip into my asshole as well.

Then the guys started cumming. They made sure they shot their loads all over me.

When they finished, the guy with the huge cock made me get on all fours. He placed his cock near my asshole and took some cum off of my tits and slid his fingers in my ass with the cum on them. Then he started pushing his cock into me.

One of the women was under me, trying to eat me as he was inserting his cock into my ass. I started eating her pussy as his cock filled my ass.

Soon, his cock was deep inside my ass. I could feel him stretching me as he started his attack. 

He started fucking my ass slowly then picked up the pace. As he fucked my ass, each woman took turns sucking on my swaying tits and nipples until they felt like they were going to explode. They hurt so much but the pain felt so good.

I could now feel his cock was ready to unload his cum. I told him to pull out and cover me with his cum. As he pulled out, I quickly got on my back and just then he shot streams of cum all over me, covering every inch of my body.

The rest of the week was pretty much the same. Andre wanted me to perform for him and his servants and I obliged.

After a week, we headed back to Paris.

The next two weeks were full of sex and pleasing Andre. 

Andre had become a real man and I was proud of my creation.

The last night was spent together with just him and myself. We made love all night long. 

In the morning we had breakfast in bed, naked and enjoyed ourselves while putting on a show for his help.

As I was packed and ready to go, Andre handed me a check for $10 million and told me it I was worth every cent.

I smiled, kissed my young lover and got into his limo and was whisked away to the airport.

It was a month I will never forget and my thoughts kept going back to my hubby and imagining him sucking on Tom's big cock in his movie and couldn't wait to ask him all about it.

Will there be a Chapter 6???