 When I was in High school I was one of the girls that guys knew they could score with. Due to the activities I was involved in and I'm sure my appearance helped I didn't have to endure the same ridicule others sluts did. As I got older my sexual desires grew and I experimented a lot. While in college I was gang banged a few times by different fraternity's, started going to swing clubs and nudist resorts and used the internet to find new and exciting sex partners. I was actually quite proud to be a slut. In my mind I would look at some of the prim and proper girls and know that in one night I probably had more guys than they would have in a lifetime. That always put a smile on my face.

When I was 25 one of my girl friends told me about a guy she had met at a private swinger's party she had attended. She had a husband so she wasn't interested but she told me that he was great. She went on to say he was real good looking and had an incredible body. Then she told me he had one of the biggest cocks she had ever had. She's had lots so I knew it must be special. Cindy went on to say he was very personable and all of the women at the party thought he was great. After being with him she knew she had to fix me up so she told him about me and got his number for me. After giving me his number she begged me to call him and check him out. I knew she had another motive too. If I connected with him she would be able to play with him again. We talked for quite awhile about it and I finally said I would. Cindy gave me Bill's number and again made me promise to call him.

I thought about it for a few days and on Thursday I gave him a call. I explained I was a friend of Cindy's and his response surprised me. He said he was hoping to get my call because Cindy had painted a picture of me that was most flattering. We talked for about 45 minutes and the conversation was pleasant and most comfortable. He told me he didn't want get pushy but he would really appreciate it if I would have dinner with him that evening. I already had good feelings about him so I agreed. We set a time and place and told each other we were looking forward to meeting.

I called Cindy and told her what had transpired and she was thrilled. For whatever reason I was nervous, the rest of the day. From our conversation and everything Cindy had told me I really wanted to make a good impression. The place we chose was casual so I finally decided to wear a fairly conservative tropical sun dress that had a form fitted top. I wanted my bust to show. I wore no underwear and a pair of white 4" slides. I spent plenty of time getting my makeup just right and then I was finally ready to go. The restaurant was only a few miles away and I took my time so I would be a little late. As soon as I walked in I could see this very handsome guy sitting at the bar. When our eyes met we both seemed to know who we were looking at. He got up and came toward me looking me in the eye the entire way. When he got to me he took my hand and told me I was even more beautiful than he had expected. I felt like a teenage girl on her first date, he was charming, very attractive and he was HOT. He very smoothly bent forward and kissed me on the cheek and summoned the hostess to seat us.

Once seated we ordered drinks and a very comfortable conversation began. We took time to order and continued to talk. We talked about our likes and dislikes, interests and other general things. After dinner we continued talking over drinks. Everything was so easy we finally got into our sexual preferences. I told him I did not have much success with long term relationships because I enjoyed having sex with other guys and the guys I dated couldn't handle that or thought they could and tried to be controlling. Neither of these worked for me. He told me that he too liked sex with other women but had not found a girl that would understand that. He went on to say he liked the swinging lifestyle and enjoyed the idea of sharing one another's partners. This sounded almost too good to be true, a guy that shared my ideas. The conversation continued in many different directions and I found myself becoming very fond of him. It was now 10:30 PM and I was hot for him so I took the lead. I asked him if he would like to come back to my place because I really wanted to jump his bones. He responded he had the same idea. He paid the check and we left.

Once we got to my place we immediately got very passionate kissing and fondling each other. As excited as we both were we took our time and made the most of every moment. Soon the clothes were gone and I was fondling one very big cock. It grew in my hands and I just had to get closer so I sank to my knees and admired this beautiful cock. As I played with it I looked up at him and told him what a beautiful cock he had. Then I teased him and asked if he minded if I tasted it. I didn't wait for a response but wrapped my lips around it and began to suck. I was as hot as I have ever been and the feeling of his cock in my mouth was unbelievable. He was equally excited and our mutual excitement and my mouth had his cock spewing cum into my mouth in just a few moments. I savored every drop and after swallowing his load I got up and told him he was delicious. He pulled me into his arms and kissed me with more passion than I had ever experienced. Then he guided me down on the bed and kissed me from my neck down to my pussy. Then his magnificent tongue began working on my pussy. He worked slowly gradually building my excitement level. It was like he had total control of me. He finally brought me to a body shaking orgasm and caressed me until I was back on earth.

We continued caressing each other and whispering romantic things to each other all the while building to the next plateau. He ever so smoothly moved me in to the center of the bed and gently positioned himself between my legs. He skillfully put his cock at the entrance to my pussy and gently pushed into me. The feeling was sensational and it got even better as he picked up the pace. The rhythm was a steady gentle one and the sensations in my body were slowly increasing in the most pleasurable way. When they finally reached the top I had an absolutely incredible orgasm that lasted longer than any I had ever experienced. At the same time I was cumming Bill was cumming too. When it was over my whole body just went limp on the bed. Bill gently rolled beside me and held me very lovingly. We must have lay there for at least 15 minutes and I don't think I ever felt so good. When I could finally move again I moved onto his chest and told him how much I had enjoyed that. He told me he felt the same and we gently played and talked.

That playing and talking started the feelings growing again and again we made incredible love to each other. I have had more sexual partners than I can count and the vast majority of these partners fucked me, and that is not a bad thing, but this man just made love to me like I had never had before. Morning came and we both called in sick because neither of us wanted to leave each other. We stayed in bed for the majority of the day and made love several times. I couldn't help myself I was falling in love with this guy. For the next three weeks we saw each other whenever we were not working and even worked in a couple of lunches together. 

One evening Bill pulled me to him, on the couch, and said he felt it was time to talk about a few things. He told me he was in love with me but knew that at some time one of us would want to have sex with someone else. He said he thought we should go to a swingers club together and find out how we would deal with each other playing with someone else. The conversation was very open and honest and at the same time comfortable. We could actually talk about sex with others and not get upset or even up tight. So we decided we would go Friday night.

Bill told me to dress as sexy as I wanted and he would pick me up at 8:00 PM. I wore white garters and stockings, white 5" heels and a form fitting red dress. I was ready on time and when Bill came to the door he made the night start perfectly. He told me how incredibly beautiful I was and he would show some self discipline and not take me inside and fuck me. I kissed him and thanked him and he escorted me to the car. When we got to the club we were greeted with some very complimentary looks. We checked our bottle and ordered drinks and found a place at the bar. After a few minutes a familiar song came on and Bill asked me to dance. I love dancing with him because he holds me so gently but at the same time I know he is in total control. He just guides me around the dance floor. When the song was over we stayed on the floor and danced to a fast number. When we returned to the bar we were greeted by some very nice compliments as to how good we looked on the dance floor.

We got into a conversation with a very attractive couple, a couple years older than us, and found out they were regulars. The next slow song John asked me to dance and I accepted. Bill then asked Sue and she accepted. We both had a good time on the dance floor and after two songs we returned to the bar. That is when John asked if we would care to find a room. Bill spoke up an said he would defer to whatever I said. I smiled back at him and said I thought that would be a great idea. Once in the room clothes came off quickly and we each had new partners. Both Sue and I were on our knees sucking the guy's cocks. Sue, at one point, looked over at me and said I was a lucky girl. I returned the compliment and continued sucking John. On a few occasions I looked up at Bill to see his reaction and was encouraged when he smiled and winked at me. Soon both of us girls were on our backs and the guys were fucking us. John was a good lover and he did make me cum before he did. Bill did the same foe Sue. When we were done we cleaned up, dressed and went back to the bar. Bill and I took a moment together and made sure we were both comfortable with what had happened. 

We freshened our drinks and Bill asked me to dance again. As we danced he asked if I wanted let the slut out. I looked at him with a puzzled look. Then he said that if I wanted he would love to take me into the group room and we could both play. He also told that if we did he wanted me to enjoy myself and not to restrict myself in any way because he was there. I never had anyone give me that freedom. I said I would love to. We finished our drinks and Bill told a couple of the guys where we were going. We went to the lockers and Bill undressed and I took of my dress. We found and open spot in the room and got down on the mattress. Bill began sucking on my tits and in a flash I felt a guy trying to put his face between my legs. I spread them for him and then I saw a nice hard cock near my face. Instinct took over and I guided that cock to my mouth. The guy I was sucking was super excited and before I knew it he was cumming in my mouth. When he pulled away I swallowed and as I looked up I saw Bill smiling at me and he gave me a thumbs up. Now I was comfortable.

Bill sensed I was comfortable so he found a willing woman near us and offered his cock to her. She sucked it for a couple of minutes and I heard her say she needed this monster in her. I knew she was in for a very pleasurable ride. I came with the guy eating me and then he moved up and fucked me. When he was done a big black guy took his place and I had another good cum. After fucking about 3 more guys and a couple of blow jobs I found this hot hunk between my legs and I knew I was in for a wonderful ride. It was my Bill and he took me to another planet. When we were done we decided we needed a break so we excused ourselves, cleaned up, dressed and returned to the bar.

He got fresh drinks and found a secluded area in the bar room and talked. We both reassured each other we had enjoyed and were comfortable with what had transpired. I told him I absolutely in love with him and that I never felt so comfortable with any man. He told me that he loved me and he could handle me fucking other guys as long as I only loved him. I knew at that moment I had the man I would marry someday.

For the next three years we lived together, loved together and played together. We each had one night stands, pre agreed, but always came home before morning. We had threesomes, male and female, swing parties and clubs, and even some trips to the adult theater. We had some great sex with others and ourselves but we also had some incredible love making with each other.

At the end of our third year together we got married at a small traditional ceremony with some of our close family and friends. Our six year anniversary is coming up soon and we are as happy today as we were when we married. We have total trust in each other and know we love each other unconditionally.