 Lisa was feeling a little nervous as she walked down the pontoon towards their boat. Mark's invitation was more cryptic than usual.

He had told her to be there at exactly eight. No earlier and no later. He had even suggested that she go into the Marina bar beforehand and have a large G&T. This she had done and she could feel the warm glow as her heels clicked on the wood. She stepped gracefully over the railing her long, thick black hair blown in the breeze. Lisa was 38, tall and slim, with small, pert breasts, Mark always liked it when she didn't wear a bra.

She stopped outside the boat and looked in – Mark was sitting on deck with a drink in one hand and a cigarette in the other. All very normal, she thought. She boarded.

Mark was very welcoming and gave her a big hug and deep passionate kiss. Her nervousness eased as she felt the usual surge of passion, it never dimmed. "There are a couple of people I want you to meet," he said. She felt a frizzon of sexual energy shoot through her and her legs went weak for a split second.

"Oh, OK" she said retaining her composure and trying to stay non-committal.

Mark led her downstairs where she was slightly surprised to find two men sitting at the table. One was familiar and the other she had never seen before. Mark introduced them as his friends Neil and Richard and poured Lisa a glass of Champagne; it was obvious that they had already had a few. Lisa tried to gather her thoughts and work out what was going on here. She was never sure with Mark, she trusted him, but then again, you never know. Her first instinct was to turn and leave, but then she checked herself. She decided to play it cool and see what happened. For half an hour they sat and chatted and it became obvious that they knew a lot about Lisa, she wasn't sure that she liked it but it was not an unpleasant feeling to know Mark talked about her in glowing terms. Although some of the detail was a bit close to the bone. 

While they talked Mark held Lisa's hand and was being very affectionate, which she liked. It was very proprietal and she understood that he was showing off his boat and his bird. She liked that. The conversation soon turned to sex and Lisa started to enjoy being the centre of attention as it became obvious that she was the object of desire for all three men. Mark started to get more than affectionate as he kissed her neck and his hands brushed her breasts. She liked the showing off but wondered where it was leading. Surely she was not going to be pawed by these men? They were OK looking but not really sexy guys, she thought. She decided to go with the flow for the time being. Mark wouldn't let it go too far, she was sure.

More champagne was consumed, most of it by Lisa, who was trying to stay sober and aware but was getting caught up in the whirl. She began to get flushed when Mark started stroking her breasts thru her jumper. She was not wearing a bra and her nipples became erect and very sensitive. He knew this and didn't stop. She wasn't sure whether she liked what was happening or not, but she let it continue. Neil and Richard were sitting on the bench seat, Lisa was on the stool in front of the table. Mark was behind her and slid his hand up her jumper and grasped her breasts firmly. Although shocked she threw her head back against his waist as he caught her nipples between his thumb and forefinger and squeezed, hard. She looked him in the eyes and saw him grin wickedly. The stubbornness in Lisa rose through the doubt. He's pushing me she thought, expecting me to bottle out or react. We will see! She decided, and pulled his head down and thrust her tongue into his mouth. She could feel the other two's eyes boring in to her. She realised that her jumper had ridden up and her breasts were bare, her erect nipples pointing at them. They were quiet now, sitting there, watching, and drinking. A moment of doubt went through Lisa's mind before the defiance kicked in. She turned on the stool and started stroking Mark's cock through his trousers as he stood in front of her. If it's a show these bastards want, lets give them one she thought. She undid his trousers and they slipped to the floor, he wasn't wearing any underwear and she grabbed his cock and stuffed it in her mouth. There were gasps from the other side of the table. Mark was looking down at her with a look of the deepest power, a mixture of respect, admiration, passion and love. Mark removed his cock from her mouth and whipped off her jumper. She stood up letting all those present see her beautifully firm torso topped with those exquisite pert breasts of which she should be so proud. Mark told her to remove her trousers, as she did he moved the table out of the way and laid on the floor, waiting for her. As her trousers came off she heard Neil say,

"Fuck me." 

She knew she looked good with her long stockinged legs and La Perla panties. She stood there defiantly in front of the three men, and then lowered herself gracefully to the floor to join Mark as the other two just sat and watched. Mark kissed her breasts and teased her pussy before putting two fingers deep inside her, she gasped. He continued to kiss and lick her breasts as his fingers probed her pussy, she forgot herself for a moment as she felt the first wave of pleasure well up inside her. It stopped momentarily when she opened her eyes and saw Neil and Richard staring intently at the scene happening at their feet. She had a fleeting thought of running, because this could get out of hand, who did they all think she was anyway? Just then Mark lifted his head from her breast and looked at her, he sensed what she was thinking. The moment passed and she smiled at him, he returned the smile and began the journey from her breasts to her pussy with his tongue. He removed her panties and there was a simultaneous groan from the other two men and they saw her perfectly coiffed Brazilian cut. Mark smiled again at Lisa, he looked proud and defiant. She lay back and let him lick her pussy. She opened her eyes and looked at Neil and Richard, they couldn't hold her gaze and she knew, in that moment, exactly where the power lay. She had it, she had them all.

Lisa decided to exercise some of this power. She began to stroke her breasts in the provocative manner she knew drove Mark crazy with desire. She licked a finger and played it over first one nipple, then the other. She looked at Neil and Richard and said in a throaty voice

"I want to see some cock". 

They looked at each other, shocked. "Now" Lisa said, in her best schoolmistress voice. They both stood and dropped their trousers and underwear. Lisa liked this, Mark was thrusting two fingers in and out of her pussy and licking her ass. She was close to cumming but wanted to hold back, until she had got more of what she now realised she wanted. 

"Stroke your cocks for me boys" she instructed, she almost laughed as Mark contorted himself to do as he was told. 

She looked at Mark between her legs, she looked at the two men sitting on the bench stroking their cocks, all for her, she liked that. "Mark" she said softly, he looked up and she moved to put her back against the bench between Neil and Richard, he looked at her and knew what was coming, although there was disbelief on his face as she took Neil's cock in her left hand Richards in her right and began stroking them, never taking her eyes off Mark. Mark dropped to the floor and plunged his tongue and fingers into Lisa's pussy, she threw her head back and stroked the cocks in her hand faster, the men began to groan with pleasure, and Lisa slowed down. Mark turned her over so she was kneeling in front of the bench, her forearms on the bench her hands still clasping the two cocks. Mark smacked her on her bottom with his cock and then rammed into her dripping wet pussy. She groaned and put her head back, never letting go of the cocks. Mark grabbed her hair and began to slide his cock in and out of her pussy. Neil and Richard had their heads back and their eyes closed, Mark's eyes were closed, she had the feeling of being the only person in the room who was in control, even as her orgasm washed through her, she was on a different plane, and she would let rip.

"Fuck me harder" she commanded as Mark thrust deep inside her. She took the cock in her left hand, she didn't know whose it was she didn't care, and started licking and sucking it, she was horrified and excited, she didn't know if she was going too far, but she didn't care.

"He wanted a show", she thought, "I'll fucking give him one".

She dropped the left hand cock and put the right hand one in her mouth and ran her fingers up and down its shaft. Mark groaned and she turned round to see his face a mixture of pain, pleasure and excitement. 

"Do you like it when I suck cock" she asked. 

He didn't reply but thrust harder and gave her bottom a heavy smack. She gasped and released both cocks. 

"I want you two to cum on my back," she instructed. 

Mark suddenly pulled his cock out of her pussy, making her gasp. Left hand cock then got up, she heard Mark say something and felt him enter her again. He thrust slowly this time. She nearly screamed when Mark sat down in front of her, she jerked her head round to see Neil, or was it Richard? Fucking her from behind. She was about to wrench herself away when Mark smiled at her and told her it was all OK. She didn't have time to react as cock one was pulled out and she felt a spurt of cum hit her in the small of her back. She almost screamed as immediately cock two entered her, instead she grabbed Marks cock as he was sitting in front of her and began hitting her face with it and pounding up and down its shaft. 

"You are gonna cum in my face you fucking bastard" she breathed at Mark as another spurt of hot cum hit her back. She sucked his cock and ran her fingers up and down his shaft as she looked him in the eyes, she could feel the cum rising in his cock and she increased her speed. Mark shouted her name and a jet of cum hit her mouth, she wanted more and kept stroking, another spurt hit her nose and cheeks and then there was no more. She looked at Mark and licked her spunk-covered fingers with a wicked smile on her face.

Who had the power now??