 The plan to seduce Suma into bed with me and Gopal took a back seat in the next few days. I had been busy with my professional and personal commitments. 

Even though I loved having sex with Suma and Gopal, I made sure that my sex life didn't interfere with my career. 

I was busy with the preparations for the massive trade expo which was to be held in Bangalore. This trade expo gave me an opportunity to highlight my company. The event attracted several high profile potential clients which enthusiastically scouted for potential suppliers. Even though my company had a good reputation in the market, I wanted to take this opportunity to expand my market to a new level.

I got so busy with work that I completely ignored Suma and Gopal. The workaholic Ruchi was hell bent on making this trade expo a success. The day of the trade expo finally arrived. Our marketing & sales team was out in full force and was aggressively pitching our products to several companies.

We managed to convert several clients but one client stood out from the crowd. The company was called Globodyne. It was a conglomerate with business interest in over 100 countries and was one of the Fortune 500. I personally took charge of the sales pitch and managed to impress the representatives of Globodyne.

The representatives of Globodyne said that they were impressed by us and would definitely tell their superiors about our company. Thus at the end of the two day expo, my company had secured several clients and perhaps had hooked a huge client.

Once the trade expo was over, the work load decreased significantly and I was now looking for a break. I remembered Gopal and our plan to seduce Suma. I had kept all this on the back burner for a while but now that I was free, it was time to implement what I and Gopal had decided.

I thought about the various scenarios that could be played out to seduce Suma. The plan had to be well thought out because the whole situation would turn on us if we didn't handle this properly. 

One day while at work, I called up Gopal on his cell phone. I knew he would be annoyed at me for ignoring him for so long. 

"Hi Gopal" I said as soon as Gopal picked up the phone.

"Where the hell have you been bitch? Got bored of my cock?" Gopal said sounding very annoyed.

"Hahaha...bored of your cock? Is that even possible? I was busy with work. Suma must have told you. I am free these days, let's catch up." I said trying to pacify my lover.

"Hahaha...my whore misses my cock?" Gopal asked.

"Ohh yess I do and I also want to talk to you about our plan" I replied sounding naughty.

"Ohhh yeaah...the plan...I will come to your place tonight at the usual time. Is that okay?

"Yup...I will be waiting...hehehe" I said and disconnected the call.

I spent the night with Gopal's cock in my mouth and my ass. We discussed our plan and finalized it. Coming weekend we were going to implement it.

The rest of the week past very slowly or at least it felt like that. The very idea of me sharing Gopal with Suma was a massive turn on. 

Suma was oblivious to our plan and went around doing her work. I had kept my distance from her and our love making sessions had completely stopped. I wanted her to be completely ready for our plan. Suma did try to get intimate with me but I always avoided saying I was busy or gave some other excuse. Suma was now getting desperate and I could see her frustration mount.

The day finally came when I would spin my web around her. I usually didn't call Suma to work on Friday's because I spent Friday nights with Gopal. But today was different. I asked Suma to show up to work on Friday evening so that she could cook for me. I had given Gopal a spare key so that he could enter with ease.

On Friday evening, when I usually had Gopal's cock deep inside my pussy, I was sitting in my living room eagerly waiting for Suma. The door bell rang at around 6 pm. I knew it was Suma. I opened the door and saw Suma standing there. I flashed a wide smile. Suma was a little surprised but she smiled at me as well. I let her in and she proceeded towards the kitchen. I moved to my bedroom and picked up my cell phone. I gave a missed call to Gopal which was a signal indicating that I was going to make my move soon.

I then slowly proceeded to the kitchen. Suma was busy with the preparations for lunch. She noticed me but pretended that she didn't and kept doing her work. I stood behind her and wrapped my arms around her waist. I kissed her neck and lightly bit her earlobe. Suma sighed and pushed her head backwards.

"I want you Suma...I've missed you..." I said as I gently cupped her soft breasts.

"I've been waiting for this for weeks. But you have been ignoring me all this while." She replied.

"I am sorry...but all I want now is you..." I said.

Suma turned around to face me. We looked at each other and we slowly came closer. I tilted my head slightly and kissed Suma on her lips. Suma moaned as I slowly munched on her lower lip. The passion and intimacy I shared with Suma was in stark contrast to Gopal's. The saying was right; a woman really knows how to make love. I would soon be enjoying both!

I broke the kiss and grabbed Suma's hand. I then started walking towards the bedroom with Suma following me. Usually I would be following Suma but today I had taken charge of things. I knew that if I wanted things to go my way, I had to be in charge.

"Ohhh...looks like you want it bad..." Suma said as we hurried towards the bedroom.

"You have no idea..." I replied.

We entered the bedroom and I pushed her on the bed. "Aaoow" Suma screamed as she landed on the bed with a thud. I quickly got on top of her and started kissing her. Suma who by now was completely turned on kissed me back hard. She grabbed the back of my head and pulled me making our kiss even more passionate. She inserted her right hand inside my shirt and caressed my back while her left hand clutched my hair hard.

We were both moaning in each other's mouths, exchanging saliva as if it was the nectar of immortality. I broke the kiss and took of my T shirt. My bra encased boobs were now for available for Suma's visual treat. I pulled the pallu of her sari away and dug my fingers into the top of her blouse. I pulled hard on her blouse, tearing it completely.

"Whoa...hehehe..." Suma reacted as her blouse was ripped. Suma's large brown breasts were now free from the shackles of her tight blouse. They moved up and down with her each heavy breath. I cupped her boobs and squeezed them lightly. Suma closed her eyes and sighed in response.

I rubbed her chocolate brown nipples with my thumbs. I held her nipples between my forefingers and thumbs and started rubbing them. I bent down and flicked her nipple with my tongue. Suma moaned as she enjoyed the moment. I kissed and licked her entire left breast making it wet with my saliva. The brown skin of her boobs shinned under the wetness.

"Ohhh...c'mon madam...don't tease me...suck my nipples..." Suma moaned as she ran out of patience. 

My idea was working! Suma was under my spell and another few minutes would give me complete control over her. I hoped Gopal came on time. In this case timing was important, not too soon and not too late, he had to be here on time to enjoy the show.

I obliged to Suma's begging and began sucking her boobs. Suma sighed loudly as she felt on my hot tongue on her uber sensitive nipples. "ohh yesss" she sighed as I nibbled her boobs. I straightened up and took off my T shirt. I had worn nothing underneath, so my breasts directly into the view.

Suma grabbed and squeezed them immediately. I moaned and bent down and kissed her hard.

I got off her and assumed another position. Now Suma was lying on her back, I crawled up behind her such that my boobs were right above her mouth and my mouth was above her boobs. From this position I could easily see the bedroom door. We both started sucking each other's boobs. Suma soft tongue on my erect nipples was making me go crazy. I extended my hand over to her pussy and started fingering her.

Suma moaned and bit my nipples which made me scream in turn. Even though I was very much involved in the act, my mind was still waiting for Gopal to arrive. I knew he would come and so till then I decided to focus on Suma. 

Our mutual tit sucking continued for several minutes as we both moaned and sighed. Suddenly, I noticed some movement at the door. I raised my head to see Gopal taking off his clothes. We both smiled at each other. He took off his clothes and just stood there jerking his cock. I motioned him to come close with my finger. Gopal slowly started walking towards the bed trying not to make any sound. Suma whose vision was blocked by my rack just kept on sucking. 

She realized that I had stopped sucking her tits. She put her hand on my head and pushed in downwards on her breasts. I resumed sucking them. Gopal was now standing right next to the bed. It was now time to reveal the surprise! 

I straightened up so that Suma could see Gopal. As soon as she saw him, Suma just stiffened up. Her skin grew pale as if she had seen a ghost. I just watched and tried to avoid laughing at Suma as she saw her husband naked, stroking his cock, smiling at her. She looked at me trying to figure out what was happening. I too like Gopal just kept smiling at her. 

I knew what was going on in her mind. She must be wondering if this was a nightmare. A thousand questions rose as she tried to gauge the situation. 

Without uttering a word, I just went to Gopal and kissed his cock. I took it into my mouth and gave a hard suck. Gopal moaned and smiled back at Suma.

"What the hell is going on here?" Suma asked as she sat up.

"What do you think?" I said as I squeezed and jerked Gopal's cock.

"Gopal...you have been sleeping with madam?" she asked Gopal.

Gopal laughed and said, "You have been too". I laughed to that as well.

"When did this start?" Suma asked, still trying to get things straight.

"Few months ago. Gopal "persuaded" me into this" I replied to Suma and winked at Gopal.

Gopal laughed and said, "Well...that is one way of saying it". Suma now had a pretty good idea of what was going on.

"But....but..." Suma stammered trying to frame a question.

"Oh Suma...what is wrong with this? If you can sleep with me, then why can't Gopal? And why can't we all have a great time together?" I interjected.

"What do you mean?" asked a wide eyed Suma. 

"You know what she means honey" Gopal replied with a wide grin on his face.

"This is wrong..." Suma said as she raised her guard.

"Why does this have to be wrong Suma? If we can enjoy this then why is it wrong?" I asked as I gently took her hand in mine.

Suma didn't have an answer. Her reaction was a natural response to the situation. It never happens that a woman shares bed with her husband and her lover. Suma was just replying the way the one would expect her to. Even though her guard was up, it was weak and crumbling.

Gopal sat down on the bed next to us. Suma was now trapped between her husband and me. Her breathing was heavy and beads of sweat formed on her forehead. She looked at both of us turn by turn, still not sure of what was going on and how she was supposed to deal with it.

I grabbed her head from behind and turned it towards me and gently kissed her. Suma at first did not respond to the kiss. She kept her lips sealed and didn't move them. I continued kissing as I knew it was just a matter of time before she gave up.

In the meanwhile, Gopal moved to her breasts. He clamped his mouth on her nipple and sucked on it. Suma shivered at the dual assault. Her mental fort was fast collapsing under the sexual siege. Unable to resist, Suma opened her mouth and began kissing me back. This encouraged me and I kissed her more passionately. I took her hand and placed it on my breast which Suma squeezed gently.

Gopal was now sucking her breasts hard, making a sucking sound as he pulled her nipple with his mouth. Suma and I moaned into each others mouths as we gave and received pleasure.

Suma broke the kiss and pulled Gopal away from her breasts and said, "This is so wrong." 

"Well that makes it even hotter" Gopal said as he pulled his wife towards him and kissed her. 

Suma melted in her husband's arms as he passionately kissed her. Perhaps this was the first time he was kissing his wife the way he should have. Their kiss was so intense; it felt as if this was their fist kiss. Gopal and Suma had reignited their passion. Suma wrapped her arms around Gopal's neck and kissed him harder. Their kiss lasted for several minutes as I just sat there watching the love making couple. My hand unknowingly made its way to my pussy and started fingering it. 

"Uhhmmm...Uhhmmm" I said as I now started feeling left out. Gopal and Suma broke their kiss and smiled at me. Suma was actually blushing and averting her eyes in shame.

"Well...I would love to have some action as well" I said in mock anger. They both giggled like teenagers and started crawling towards me. I lay down on the bed followed by Suma and Gopal on my either side. They both gently cupped my breasts and brought down their mouths on them. I gasped as they sealed their mouths on my boobs and sucked them.

Just as I imagined, I thought as I experienced two different styles of sucking. Suma sucked like a baby and Gopal sucked like hungry wolf. I wrapped my hands around each of their heads and pulled them closer. Gopal started biting my boobs which made me moan louder. I looked at him and winked. He smiled and came up to me and kissed me. Gopal went back to sucking my boobs with the same enthusiasm.

This was the first time that I was getting both my boobs sucked at the same time. This was a unique and a very pleasurable experience. I suggest that every girl should experience it at least once in her lifetime. Gopal's hard cock was rubbing against my waist as he sucked my boobs. My waist had become wet and sticky from all the pre cum that oozed from his cock. 

I slipped my hand between our bodies and grabbed his cock. It was hard and ready to go. I started jerking it and Gopal moaned. I looked at Suma who was busy sucking my right breast. "Suma...I want to suck you husband's cock. Can I? " I asked feigning innocence.

Suma stopped sucking my breast and smiled at me and nodded. Gopal stood up on the bed followed by us. We kneeled before him and watched in awe as his shinning dong stood erect in full glory with its massive ball sack hanging beneath it. 

I looked at Suma and said, "Let's start together".

Suma giggled and said, "Sure".

We both extended our tongues and started licking the entire length of his cock from each side. Gopal moaned as two sexy woman pleasured his cock. Our tongues met at the cock head and we kissed with the cock head still between our mouths. Gopal smiled at our slutty behavior, clearly enjoying it. The unfolding scene resembled a scene from a porn movie. A man with a huge dick getting his cock sucked my two women who also pleasured each other.

Suma went back to licking his shaft while I decided to focus on the head. I sucked on the head with my tongue licking the underside of his head. Gopal's unusually large cock head always was the center of my affection. Gopal who usually was so aggressive always went weak when I sucked his cock head. I loved the feeling of being in control! 

I stopped sucking Gopal's cock and let Suma take over. As soon as Suma's mouth replaced mine, I went down to gobble up his balls. Gopal moaned as his balls moved around in my mouth.

"Is it the way you imagined?" I asked Gopal.

"Much better" he replied with a big smile on his face. 

I smiled back at him and went back to sucking his balls. I brought my hand behind him and slapped his butt hard. Gopal yelped and jerked forwards stuffing more of his cock down the throat of an unsuspecting Suma. She gagged and immediately let go off his cock.

I and Gopal started laughing hard and Suma soon joined us in the laughter. "Let me show you how the experts do it" I said and took Gopal's cock inside my mouth. I slowly gobbled up his cock steadily making my way to the edge of the shaft. Within seconds I reached the end; his pubic hair tickled my nose making me loose my concentration. I withdrew and looked at her. She was looking at me as if I had achieved a world record.

"In all these married years I have never been able to do that and you did it so easily." She said clearly impressed by my skills.

"Perhaps I am a natural at this" I said and laughed.

"I agree to that" Gopal said and we all laughed.

"You try it" I said encouraging Suma to deep throat her husband.

She nodded and started swallowing his cock. She easily made it half way before gagging. I held her head from behind to arrest her withdrawal and to push her further. Suma kept on going with a little help from me and soon she had achieved it. She stayed like that for a few seconds before letting go.

She again swallowed his cock and this time deep throated him easily. A couple of more attempts and she was now doing it perfectly. Gopal had no complaints. He just stood there and watched in awe as his wife and his mistress took turns to suck his cock. He had achieved what every guy dreamed of!

Suma continued sucking his cock while I moved to her breasts. Her large chocolate brown nipples were so irresistible. I just couldn't get enough of her magnificent jugs. I now understood why Gopal was so obsessed with my breasts. Once you get hooked on to a pair of knockers, you just can't go back.

I got up and moved to sucking Gopal's nipple. Gopal moaned as I did that. He just loved it when I took initiative to do such things to him. He just couldn't handle it and he pulled me up and kissed me hard. 

My pussy was leaking and I needed a tongue on it fast. I stopped kissing Gopal and asked Suma to lick my pussy. She smiled and nodded. "Let's get completely naked first" I said as I stood up on the bed to slide my pajamas down. I stepped out of them and my fair, hairless pussy came into view. Gopal and Suma licked their lips on seeing my pussy. Then Gopal and I helped Suma get out of her sari and her petticoat. We were all naked now and ready.

I lay down on the bed and Suma moved between my thighs. I arched my back and sighed as I felt Suma's tongue on my pussy. I held her head and pulled her more into my pussy. Suma was an expert pussy licker, better than Gopal. She, being a woman knew the right places and how each touch felt. Only a woman knows how to actually lick a pussy.

Gopal stood at the edge of the bed enjoying the scene of two women in bed. I don't know why men have such fascination with lesbians? He stood there jerking his cock with his mouth wide open. Perhaps it was hard for him to fathom whether this was really happening or this was a dream.

"Gopal...don't be left out. Join us! Come here baby...I want to suck your cock" I said. Gopal immediately got on the bed and came near me. He kneeled down next to me and I turned my face towards his cock and took it into my mouth. 

Gopal's cock slowly moved in and out of my mouth as I swirled my tongue around it. I wrapped my right hand around his butt and took him deeper inside my mouth. My left hand was still on Suma's head making sure it stayed there.

I placed my legs on Suma's shoulder such that my ass was raised. This gave her better access to my pussy and to my asshole. As soon as I did it, she shifted her attention to my asshole. She rimmed by asshole with her tongue making me writhe in pleasure. Seeing me in that state; Gopal decided to add fuel to the fire. He pinched my nipples hard making me squeal in pain and pleasure. I sucked him harder and deeper, fondling his balls, making him moan.

Gopal grabbed my head from behind and raised it to let more and more of his cock into my mouth. I was about to gag but I did not want to let his cock out of my mouth. So, I relaxed my throat and let his dick slide down my mouth. This was better than I imagined! The plan had succeeded! I was being sandwiched by a husband and wife couple and it was mind blowing.
