 I know you've been wanting to hear more about my latest adventures. How I've built up my status as an unrepentant slut and a fucking whore. How I'm A-OK with pulling down my blouse and lifting my skirt, offering my big tits and my unshaved pussy to whoever asks nicely. 

Are you hard yet, fucker? Let me tell you about what I did on my trip to Minneapolis last month.

When I originally heard about the concept, I was skeptical. Experiences I've had in the past with young guys have been hit and miss. But the web site said they'd pay a substantial fee for approved female instructors (read: high four figures), plus accommodations, food, and travel. Also, the educational component got me hot. (I don't know why, but it kind of made me flash back to the time I was at the public library with you, sitting on a stool in the stacks, flashing my pussy at you as you browsed through sex titles.)

Once I'd pulled together all my paperwork, it took less than 24 hours for Deanna, who operates the company from her home in Oakland, to sign off on my application back in April. Bam!

So that's how I found myself at the Courtyard by Marriott Minneapolis Airport. The group takes over the sixth floor for the weekend twice a year under the name of "The Literacy Enhancement Association of America." In terms of word of mouth, it's pretty well-known locally what actually goes on at the event, but Minny's quite liberal and they've never had any complaints. Attendance is usually between 30 to 50 total, including the instructors, the students and their companions.

Shortly after I got in, they took me and the other instructors downtown in a mini-van for dinner at Ruth's Chris Steak House. I was really impressed by the other women. Very sex-positive. The youngest in our group was 38 and the oldest had just turned 51. All in all, there were two writers, the head of a New York PR agency, a bakery owner, a massage therapist, a pro dominatrix, and a wealthy wife who'd told her husband she was going to a yoga retreat. Mostly Americans, two Canadians, one woman from the Netherlands, and another from Germany.

The German woman told me she'd taught a masturbation seminar at the Exotic Erotic Ball in San Francisco in 2009, and we realized we might have crossed paths. During dessert, the PR woman pulled out her smartphone and passed around a video of her getting fucked by two young black guys in a hotel room at a Barbados resort while her boyfriend watched and jacked off. "I see you've been practicing for this," I teased her. "Every chance I get," she said with a smile. Very hot.

The first session was scheduled for 10 am on Saturday morning after the buffet breakfast. We still hadn't met our students or their companions, although I'd read the binder of info that was left in my room with my welcome kit.

I'd chosen "Hosting" and "Supervision" as my preferences when I originally signed up, meaning that the lesson would take place in my room, and the companion would be there to watch, comment and encourage. I love being watched while I'm being sexual, whether I'm getting fingerfucked on a poolside chaise in the Caribbean or flogged in front of a play party crowd in Berlin.

Naturally, I dressed to thrill for my guests. I'd bought a new pair of crotchless black fishnet tights that almost entirely exposed my ass. I also put on a red-and-black leather bra made out of thin straps, which gripped my nipples lightly, but could be spread apart for easy sucking access. I have huge tits and they looked pretty fucking spectacular in this bra.

I pulled on a white, almost-see-through silk dressing gown to enable me to build up the tease. I thought about putting on my black Prada pumps, but decided to go barefoot. Didn't want this poor kid to blow his load as soon as he saw me.

The knock on my door came precisely at 10. I opened the door with a smile to meet my student and his companion.

There stood a vivacious woman in her late 40's with green eyes and shoulder-length dirty blonde hair, wearing a black Zara dress that showcased her ample cleavage along with a white pearl necklace. Holding her hand was a much younger guy, a shade over six feet tall, with dark wavy hair and a gorgeous if nervous smile. I could see the definition of his abs through his green Lacoste polo shirt.

"Oh my gosh, it's good to finally meet you!" the woman said. "Just look at you! You're gorgeous. My goodness. I'm Heather, and this is Mario."

I introduced myself and we shook hands. Mario's eyes were all over me. I could feel myself glowing from his attention. "Why don't you two come on in?"

They took off their shoes. I had the dining table set up with glasses of water. "Let's sit down by the window for the briefing," I said.

I walked very slowly over to the table, feeling the lust building up in the room. Pure anticipation. 

"So," I said, pointing to my binder. "This gives me a little information about you two. But I'd like to know more. How did you end up getting paired up as student and companion this weekend."

"Well, we're both from Duluth, a couple of hours north of here," Heather said, putting her hand on mine. "I'm actually an assistant professor in the Department of Classical Studies at the university there. Mario is a sophomore. But we knew each other for a couple of years before he enrolled."

"I'm majoring in psychology and I'm on the swim team," Mario volunteered. "Heather's known my parents for about 10 years now. They're members of the same swinger club."

"Got it," I said, feeling my cunt twinge in anticipation. "And whose idea was it for you to come out for some literacy enhancement this weekend?"

"I just turned 20," Mario said sheepishly. "So this was my mom's birthday present to me. I've been aware of her lifestyle for a few years now, and I'm very interested in getting involved myself. But they serve alcohol at the club and I can't get in till I'm 21."

"Gosh, I told Annika - I told his mom: 'Mario would be just a wonderful addition to the club,'" Heather said with a smile, putting her other hand on top of Mario's. "He's well-mannered. He's got a great work ethic. He listens. I mean, when I come over for dinner, he always offers me a glass of Merlot and a foot rub. He's got a 3.9 GPA!"

"Quite a student, apparently," I said with a wink. I opened up my dressing gown a little bit to show off my voluptuous figure. Mario's mouth opened a little as he admired my cleavage wordlessly. I was loving it.

"Does he have a girlfriend?" I asked Heather.

"Not right now," Heather said. "He had one in high school. Lost his virginity to her. But that's it. I've talked to Annika about going on some dates with him to celebrate his birthday next year. I think he'll be a hot commodity once he gets out there. But no rush, right?"

"No rush whatsoever," I said. I playfully moved closer to Mario and ran my bare foot up his leg, stopping when I felt a huge, aching bulge underneath his dark slacks.

"Oh my," I said. "Mario, you've really been looking forward to meeting me, haven't you?"

He blushed deeply. "Uh, yeah."

"I told him to turn in early last night," Heather said briskly. "Make sure he was nice and energetic for you. I went down to have a drink at the hotel bar, see if there were any charismatic guys in the market for a fuck. No dice. I came back up to the room and caught him masturbating to your photo set again. We have two queen-sized beds. He kept on masturbating through the night in his bed. You weren't very quiet, were you, Mario? I checked his sheets in the morning and left the card on the bed to have them changed. But you're in luck. He's got lots of come left for you."

I could feel my nipples all rosy and hard from this revelation. "Guilty as charged, Mario?"

"Yep."

"Well, then maybe you'd like to get a closer look at me."

I stood up and took off my dressing gown. I rotated slowly in front of Mario, who was agape, and then came over and kissed him on the lips. 

"Why don't we start our lesson now?" I said. "Let's see what we can do with your skills. Heather, pull up a seat and enjoy the show."

There was a huge mirror on the closet doors next to the king-sized bed, so it was easy for all of us to watch the action.

Mario stripped off his polo shirt and I led him by the hand to the bed. He climbed on top of me and we started kissing passionately in front of his mother's fuck friend.

"That's it, baby," I said. "God, you've got a beautiful body. Now, hold me down by the wrists. Just lightly."

"Just like that," said Heather, sitting as close as she could to the bed. "Can you see how much she loves getting pinned? Take charge of her like that, Mario. Oh my goodness. That'll make her little cunt wet."

I could feel Mario's erection pressing directly up against my crotch, and I ground up into him. "See, this is the fun of being with an older woman, Mario. I'm such a fucking whore, and I'm not afraid to show it. Not like the little sluts running around on your campus. I fuck for fun, and I get off on it."

"I want to touch you so much," Mario said. "You're amazing."

"Get out of your slacks first," I said. "I want to have you completely naked." Heather nodded approvingly.

He had a magnificent, sculpted body with barely a trace of hair, except between his legs, where his thick, uncircumcised hard-on stood out.

I showed him where to put his hands on my body. He caressed and tongued me everywhere, a little clumsily at first, but soon adapted to the contours of my body, as he sensed what made my hips writhe.

"Good," I moaned. "You can touch me even more roughly, Mario. I'm a fuck-slut. I'm not a doll. Use me and make me feel good. That's what a woman wants."

"I'm dying to suck your tits," Mario whispered. "I want them so much."

"Then take them," I said. "Can't you see how big my nipples are for you?"

Mario's hunger for me was unbelievable. He roughly separated the straps of my bra and plunged my right nipple deep into his mouth. He was a natural. Fuck, that felt good. He was taking as much of my tit in as he possibly could, flicking in deft circles around my areola.

I closed my eyes and let out a half-strangled groan of pleasure. "That's exactly the way I like it. You're doing so good."

"Keep going," Heather encouraged him. "Suck her good. Suck her real fucking good. Remember what your mom told you about the way I suck her tits when we have threesomes. Do it good and rough, just like the instructions said."

I heard the rustle of fabric and saw Heather standing up to take off her dress. She slipped out of her cream-colored bra with ease, and joined us on the bed. "Mario is such a tit-lover. It makes it even better when there are two pairs of big, beautiful tits to admire in the room, doesn't it?"

"I love it when everyone in the room is having a good time," I gasped.

Naked, Heather knelt next to us on the bed, her soft skin pressing up against my thigh. She stroked Mario's hair as he worshipped my tits. "Such a good boy. Yeah. Make me proud. Suck her fucking tits and make her so happy."

I groaned with pleasure. "You know what would make me even happier, Mario? Getting fucked by you. Getting fucked hard by you while Heather watches."

"I'd love that," Mario said, pulling his face up from my nipple.

"And what's the most important thing when you fuck me?" I asked.

"Making sure you feel good," he said. "Making sure you get whatever you need to come."

"It's just like Annika and I always tell you: the woman's pleasure comes first," Heather said.

Heather was visibly excited by what was about to happen. She adjusted her position on the bed and began to play with herself. She held her wrist at an odd angle as she frigged herself openly. The sound of her frigging her cunt was a further turn-on, with her eyes locked on me.

Mario rolled off me so I could re-position myself. "Let's see if you were paying attention. How do I like to get fucked?" I challenged him.

"I'm going to fuck you on your hands and knees so that you can play with your clitoris while I'm inside you," Mario said. I smiled with delight. Clearly, he'd read my instructions carefully.

I got on my hands and knees and presented my unshaved cunt for his use. I was dripping. There wasn't much need for lube. Heather unwrapped a condom and rolled it down over her friend's son's length.

"My goodness, I wish I was you," Heather said to me. She leaned in to kiss me. 

"I know I wouldn't want to wait till he's 21," I said, relishing the feel of her soft lips.

Mario positioned his rod next to my soaked pussy. I turned my head toward the closet mirror so I could watch as he slowly pushed his young, thick, uncircumcised cock right up my cunt. So primal.

I felt so fucking full as he pushed himself into me balls-deep. Yes. Yes. Yes. I let out a loud moan. I was getting paid to take a 20-year-old cock up my slit. I'm such a fucking whore.

"How does it feel to have your big penis up her cunt, Mario?" Heather said in a loud voice. Her eyes were alight with arousal as she frigged herself. "Tell me. Does it feel fucking good?"

"Oh yeah," Mario said, as he began to fuck me, slowly and steadily. "She's got an amazing pussy. So tight. It feels unbelievable."

I reached up to my cunt and began to rub myself in those familiar circles with my middle finger and ring finger. Shit. Yes. I was dripping and I really needed to cream. Hearing them talk about me while Mario banged me from behind was a huge turn-on.

"Do you like seeing her asshole from behind while you fuck her?" Heather asked Mario, rubbing her clit vigorously. Her words made my whore cunt drip even more.

"Yeah, I do," Mario groaned. I could feel his dick stiffen when she said that. (It was like the time I told you about being anonymously penetrated while you fucked my tits in the playroom.)

"Do you want to fuck her ass too? Do you think about that?"

"I jacked off to it lots of times. The picture where she's kneeling on the kitchen floor, turning her head and smiling over her shoulder, showing off her asshole."

Hearing that pushed me almost to the edge. I was rubbing my clit with furious intensity. The bed was shaking as he thrust into me from behind, gripping my hips hard.

"I don't think I can wait till you're 21 to fuck you, Mario," Heather confessed, a note of intense desire in her voice. "Watching you like this, I need to do it tonight."

"You can fuck him tonight," I said. "We'll do it in your room. I'll watch. I'll take full responsibility and tell his mom afterwards."

Mario's face contorted when I said that. "Fuck! Oh shit! I think I'm going to fucking come. Oh fuck! Fuck!" He rammed into me and let his load go.

The sound of his orgasm sent a hot jolt of electricity through me. Completely soaked, I rubbed myself with total abandon, letting go of my instructor role. I just pushed out hard. "I'm fucking coming! Yes!" I creamed and loved it completely.

Heather had moved over to frig herself right in front of my face. "Can you smell my cunt? Can you?" I put my tongue out and licked it and she let go with a raw orgasm of her own.

Wow. I was so happy I'd followed through with Deanna. And I was eager to hear from the other instructors about how their students had learned to fuck them and suck them this morning.

I lay on the bed between Heather and Mario, overwhelmed by what we'd just done. Mario eventually got up and brought the water glasses over. 

"Such a gentleman," I said with a smile. "I think your literacy enhancement is coming along very well, Mario. You're going to make a lot of women very happy. And the next one is named Heather. I'm going to be there, helping you. In your room. After lunch. Capische?"

"Uh, yeah," Mario said. "Capische! Thank you."

Like I said, it's all about asking nicely.