 "You will wear the blue skirt!" she tells me, reaching to pull it out of the closet.

I am already wearing the corset; black satin, laced, long suspenders linked on to sheer black stockings. Fishnet, she says, is tacky. Personally I think the whole suspenders-and-stockings thing is tacky, and much prefer bare flesh, but then, it's not for me to decide.

I am feeling smooth and soft and sleek. She personally shaved me, earlier, a hair-raising (hah-hah!) experience as it always is, to let someone else loose with a razor around your most vulnerable bits. I had lain, legs akimbo and surrendered, as she had gently soaped and scraped, the sharpness against my skin as erotic as the submission. She had then anointed me with frangipani body butter, deliberately lingering, making it a sweet torment in itself. 

Now she pulls the little skirt around my waist, snagging the Velcro fastening and standing back to admire the ensemble. Hmmm...she smooths her hands over my nipples and then naughtily darts in to give one a little nip with her small, white teeth. We laugh. She strokes my face. "My little slut!" she says lovingly. And we kiss. I easily fit into her lush body, head back, throat stretched, straining up to her greater height. I dare to slip my hands around to caress her generous bottom. She scolds me – "NO!" - and steps away, swatting at my hands.

She pulls me over to the chair in front of the dressing table and I sit down. She always likes to do my party makeup; she's better at it than me. She smooths on foundation, blusher, a little mascara, smoky eyeshadow, and eyeliner – nothing too burlesque – and finishes it all off with a lovely warm red lipstick, lining the lips first, painting them in with the tiny lip brush, blotting, painting again. "It's smudge-resistant" she says with satisfaction, before expertly slicking some onto her own lips. 

She is already dressed and made up. My Honey, my Darling; she's a big, strapping Saxon of a woman, six foot one in her bare feet, broad of shoulder, big of bosom, slender of waist and generous of hip. Her gold-blonde hair, usually snared in plaits, is tonight loose and wavy and falling halfway down her back. She is wearing the most heavenly little dress – a copper-coloured little wrap that ends just below that gorgeous bottom of hers – and a pair of caramel-coloured stay-ups. Nothing else. Her face is beautifully made up to a glow - a honey-beige foundation and light sheen of tawny blusher, coppery eyeshadow that complements her warm blue eyes. And lipstick – our lipstick. Yum. I want some of her, but I know I have to earn her. 

Now she pulls our shoes out of the closet – hers copper kitten heels and mine black patent stilettos. We sit side by side on the bed to pull them on, and then stand up and loop our arms around each other as we admire ourselves in the mirror. What a pair we are – she a golden goddess, tall and tawny and magnificent, me tiny and dark with short black spiky hair. I fit in easily under her arm.

Time to go. We clippety-clop to the front door and pause for a moment as she slips on the last, vital piece of my outfit – the wide, black satin slave band that cinches around my wrist. It marks me as a subordinate, or sub. She is the dominant, the Dom (note the capital "D"!); her bare wrists say it loud and clear. Tonight I will do as she requires. If I do well, I will be rewarded, if I don't, I will spend the night where 'bad slave' always spends the night – on a blanket on the hard floor beside the bed. 

She drives to the party – I can't in my high heels. We park a bit down the road – we've been doing this for a couple of years now, but we are still a bit shy of making ourselves too identifiable to our playmates so we feel a bit protective of number plates, last names, day jobs, and so on. Out of the car, we smooth our coats over our skirts and check each other's lipstick in the late evening light. We take deep breaths and grin at each other before consciously adopting our party personae. She leads the way, striding forth in all her golden glory, whilst I dutifully trot behind, feeling a bit undignified as I have to do one-and-a-half bird steps to each of her leggy strides. We arrive at the front door and ahem and shuffle a bit, doing a quick last check before she rings the bell. 

The guy who answers the door is a stereotypical hunk; shirtless, wearing rather obvious black satin short-shorts outlining what can't possibly be a mother-nature cock, he has tanned and hairless designer abs and a chiselled Dan Dare jaw. I suppress a quick stab of jealousy as my Honey gives him the once-over. I'm not that into cock; she is. I imagine she's mentally putting him on the sex-party equivalent of her dance card. 

He graciously takes our coats, and I see him giving me the once-over, his eyes stalling on my rounded bottom which is pushing out the back of my skirt. He glances at her for permission; she gives him a curt little nod. His hand slides under my skirt and his fingers probe slightly into my bottom cleavage. "Mmm!" he says, the fingers of his other hand glancing over my nipple.

We move through into the 'reception room'; big, open, a few chairs scattered about. Warmish coloured walls and gentle lighting, trays of drinks and a table full of light nibbles; as the night goes on we will need them to keep up our stamina. There are about eight or nine people there already; as a sub, I keep my eyes down though; it's not my place to make too much eye contact. I just have to keep an eye on my Honey and follow her cues. 

Greetings and air kisses between the Doms; then laughter as they admire each other's subs. She takes a glass of champagne for herself and a fruit punch for me; I'm going to be working – and certainly worked! – hard tonight and she wants me sober so I can do her proud. 

We circulate a little in the reception room, me sticking close to her and feeling nervous, as I always do at this stage. I wish I could have just one drink so I feel a bit more relaxed, but it's not allowed. More people arrive; in the end probably about nineteen or twenty fill the room with body heat, perfume and nervous, slightly over-loud chatter. I surreptitiously check out the genders. Probably about seven males and the rest females. Great, I do so much better with pussy! I feel a bit more relaxed and manage to catch Honey's gorgeous blue eyes. We smile at each other lovingly.

Dan Dare has come up. Surprisingly he's a sub; I hadn't noticed his slave band when we arrived. Maybe he's only just put it on. His Dom stands nearby, sending him signals, standing back to watch with enjoyment as his slave glances at my darling for permission to fuck me. She makes eye contact with the Dom, nods and gestures towards the inner room. We go through.

The inner room is huge; its walls are lined with large, firm sofas heaped with soft, plump cushions. In the middle of the floor are the fucking stools, an innovation I have found a godsend as the doggy-style sex that seems fairly prevalent at these parties tends to have tiny me collapsing under some of the larger or more vigorous men. There are coffee tables, too, with large baskets of condoms and pump bottles of lubricant. 

My Honey pulls me to her for a kiss before tugging free my tiny skirt with a rip of parting Velcro. Dan Dare grins at the sight of my olive-toned thighs peeping out from the top of my stockings, and pulls at the side of his ridiculous short-shorts, which whip off to the same ripping tune as my skirt. Oh God! What a ridiculous penis! Uh, oh, what a scary penis. It has to be enhanced. Bloody hell, and here was me hoping to get away with an evening of making pussy happy. I should have known better. 

Dan Dare's Dom sits down and languidly pulls his (tiny! ha!) cock out of his flyless trousers and starts fondly massaging it. Honey sits down too, and I nudge one of the fucking stools in front of her; she likes to watch my face as I am penetrated. As I am lining up the stool, Dan Dare retrieves a condom from the packet and takes it over to Tiny Dick, who playfully bites the over-large cock before theatrically rolling on a condom. I arrange myself appropriately and D.D. pumps a heck of a lot of lube into his beefy hand and applies it with an unexpected gentleness, his fingers roaming and teasing me a little in a way that troubles me. My Honey will not be pleased if I allow myself too much pleasure at this stage. Thankfully, she sees where those big male hands are roaming and she frowns slightly at the other Dom. "Sidney!" growls Tiny Dick quietly, and shakes his head. Sidney? Good Lord! I suppress a laugh. Sidney stops his ministrations and I brace myself as he homes in on the target.

Fingers circling, pushing in. I can feel myself opening up. I can't help it, I am getting more aroused, but I know that I can handle it. Oh, God, now that huge cock is lining itself up. In, just a tiny bit. I can feel myself stretching, stretching, and for a moment I yearn for the female softness of Honey. Then I lock eyes with my Darling, and I can see the excitement and lust in her eyes as she watches me being penetrated. 

D.D. works very slowly, as if he knows penetration is not something I relish. His strokes are exquisitely slow – in...out...in...out...oh...oh...oh...please...please...please...in! - as I open and open to this enormous cock. 

Honey now has a friend - an interesting friend. A sub, red-haired, large-breasted, very naked, and...wait for it...very pregnant. A dark line descends centrally from her navel to her tidy pubes, and those lightly freckled breasts look as though they will spurt forth milk any second. Honey is mesmerised by those ripe breasts, and as I watch, her hands start to roam, and grab, and pull at the large, dark nipples. In turn, Mamma's hands are roaming down over Honey, pulling aside the wrap dress to expose her engorged labia. I feel jealous; I want, I want! All those breasts, two cunts, the swelling belly...please, please, pick me!

Mamma's finger is swirling gently around Honey's clit, teasing, teasing. I am lost, my eyes riveted to the stroking finger, my ears full of Honey's moans as the teasing drives her to buck up against the tormenting hand, and full of D.D.'s grunts as he works me, works me. I can sense the lustful need in him building, and I know that he will be keeping good eye contact with Tiny Dick, waiting for the moment when he can let go and spasm. The fullness inside me is glorious; I want so much to lose control but I know I can't let myself get too close to the edge.

Meanwhile, Mamma's finger has been replaced by her flattened hand, circling slowly and lightly on Honey's clit. My God, that woman knows cunts! Honey's face is flushed, she pulls a squishy pillow up behind the small of her back to support her as her head and shoulders crane backwards, arching her up to the lightly touching hand. Tiny Dick laughs; I steal a glance at him and see that he is now riveted by the clit-stroking hand, and it dawns on me; he has two subs, Mamma and D.D.! His eyes meet Honey's and I can see her torment; the feeling is so, so exquisite and such, such torture. If Honey nods, Tiny Dick will signal Mamma to take her over the edge. If she doesn't, the feeling will build and build and the orgasm will be cataclysmic. How long can she hold on?

Honey glances back at me, her eyes unfocused with lust. I hope the Dom doesn't let Mamma make her come too quickly, I want to see her wait for it and wait for it, the tart. 

Dan Dare is fucking harder now, and harder. His grunts are getting louder and I can feel his hands biting into my shoulders as he fights against his instincts; Tiny Dick is watching him now, and coolly smiling. Honey is bucking, and, unable to help herself, grabs Mamma's hand to push it harder onto her clit. 

A signal passes between the Doms and then to the subs and all hell breaks loose. Mamma's hand is pushing harder against Honey's clit. Honey slips to one side to arch herself along the sofa, giving her a better view of Mamma's fat tits, swaying violently as she works Honey's pussy. Dan Dare has lost control and is fucking me so hard the stool is moving across the carpet a little with each thrust. This isn't going to do my stockings any good, and my knees are getting carpet burn. What's more, I'm so fucking full of lust I am scared I won't be able to hold on. Honey, slack-mouthed and sweating, is crying "fucking tits, fucking tits, fucking tits!" as she rams into the frantically rubbing hand. 

At last, Honey and Dan Dare come simultaneously, Honey screaming "titty bitch, titty bitch!" and D.D. roaring like the incredible hulk as he slams me sideways and across to the sofa, my face now so close to Mamma's lovely, open cunt I can smell her delicious spicy pussy smell. 

Tiny Dick is laughing. A few people scattered about the room applaud; one woman lifts her face from attending to a needy fanny to proclaim, in mock posh voice, "bravo, bravo!". I am slumped over the fucking stool with a depleted D.D. on top of me. My face is almost within licking distance of that gorgeous, spicy, pregnant cunt. D.D. unsheaths his dick from inside me, and falls back to sit leaning on his hands for a moment, head up, gasping for breath.

Tissues have appeared from somewhere and Honey is mopping her sweaty forehead; some kind person has passed over her half-finished glass of champagne. Mamma's hand rests on my Darling's now-quiescent cunt. 

I manage to make eye contact with Honey and then glance back pointedly at the spicy heaven inches from my face, waiting, wanting, needing me to pleasure it. When I look back at Honey, she is already signalling Tiny Dick, who obviously gives his consent as Honey gives me the nod. Oh, bliss! I know, though, that when I go in to deliver, that big swelling belly will obliterate any view of those milky breasts, so I take the liberty of a bloody good ogle before I go in. I know that Honey will probably do them justice; she loves to suck titty and she will never be able to resist those huge bazongas. 

Now, I know you'll think I'm bragging, but I am seriously good at pussy pleasing. So, if you want to learn how to drive a cunt insane with pleasure, take note. 

The thing is, not to do it wet. Pussy hates slobber, it loves dry. Dry means friction, and friction means...well, do as I do, and you'll find out. 

I part those darkened, moist pussy lips with my finger, gently, teasing the bejesus out of them. Steering away from that engorged fat clit as it strains against its hood. I pause for a moment to let my breath brush over the exposed flesh, and I hear Mamma gasp as she settles herself to be tortured. 

Now I lick – swallow first, tongue dry, and just the very tip of my tongue. Just to the side of the clit. Lick. Stop. Lick. Stop. Lick. Stop. Stroking up along the labia, my breath tickling the clit but not giving it any purchase, anything to rub or lurch against. Mamma whimpers. "Quiet!" says Tiny Dick. I hear a suckling noise; Honey is getting some titty. 

After a minute or so I change tactics. Dry tongue lick, starting with the tip of the tongue, a full sweep, from below the clit, up over it – God, it's engorged and hot! – and stop for a count of three. And again. And again. And again. Then moving on to a fuller tongue, a really good all-encompassing lick. Remember; keep it dry! She is squirming, desperate for purchase. But she ain't gonna get it, not yet, anyway. I want her tormented, I want her to beg for it. She still won't get it then, even if she begs, cause I know what our two Doms want to see. 

She is trying so hard not to squirm; I can feel and see the tension in her thigh muscles as she wills herself not to buck up against my mouth. Oh god, I am so enjoying this. I wish I could see those beautiful milky tits and Honey's mouth on them. Honey must read my mind, as she starts making loud sucky noises – she knows how good I am at painting a picture from sounds. I am so aroused, but I have to focus on the task in hand, or rather, in mouth!

Lick. Stop. Lick. Stop. And then, after a couple of minutes of this, when she is desperately trying not to whimper and her control is about to break, I bring in the light suck. Just clamp my mouth over that fat, straining clit and suck, gently, for just a second or two, and then back to lick, stop, lick. 

"O...o...o...o...o!" she wails, thrashing up against me. Tiny Dick is not pleased. "Quiet!" he scolds. I back off, leaning away so she can't find my mouth. I get a quick glance up over that huge belly. Tiny Dick is fitting a soft cloth gag over Mamma's mouth. Honey is in raptures; slumped down under the sub's left arm, she is pinching one taut Mamma nipple with her fingernails and sucking/licking/nibbling at the other with her red-tinted mouth. I wish I had a camera. 

Before I move back in again, Tiny Dick reminds Mamma who's boss. "If you move again, Sweetie, we will stop this. Okay?" She nods, huge brown eyes moist and pleading. Hmm, food for thought. I don't want this to end; I'm having too much fun, and ultimately I want to feel that cunt spasm and spasm under my tongue, hear her wail and wail and wail. Will have to play this cunt very carefully but hell, that's what I'm good at. Back to work. 

Back to what I think of as 'side licks' just to the side of the clit, calming things down a bit. Meanwhile Mamma has got herself a little more focused and in control; there's an art to feeling the intense pleasure but holding back the climax. Her heavy breathing attests to how much she is struggling, as I go back to the full lick and then, when I think she can handle it, the piece de resistance – the suck and flick.

This is the biggest secret to getting a cunt to explode under your mouth. You seal your mouth around the clit and suck – not too hard – and you flick your tongue rapidly up and over the clit, over and over again. Your victim usually tries to squirm to get away, especially if they are holding back on coming, but the suction (and your hands pushing down their thighs) makes it difficult. Magic! 

And yeah, it breaks Mamma's control. She tries to pull back but can't get away, then thrashes to the side. Honey pushes with her body to move Mamma back under my mouth and holds down her left thigh. Next thing Dan Dare has moved over and is also holding her down. A muffled whimpering comes through the gag – "Mmm...mmm...mmm...mmm...mmm...mmm...!". "Quiet!" orders Tiny Dick again. She tries desperately to comply, and for a few seconds I stop flicking and just suck. She quiets down, but then I torment her with the flick again. She is straining so much it is now taking me, Honey and D.D. to hold her in place. Her diaphragm is heaving as she brings every ounce of self-control to bear. 

"Break off!" says Tiny Dick, very quietly. Man, this guy is a sadist. I pull away and look at Honey. She is smirking. A tear is rolling down Mamma's face. Tiny Dick pushes himself out his seat and strolls over, nonchalantly smiling, that minuscule cock sticking out in front of him like a misplaced roman nose. He bends over and looks into Mamma's eyes. 

"Do you want to come?" he asks conversationally. She nods, her eyes pleading. He sniffs. "Just a minute." He strolls off into the reception room. Honey is grinning from ear to ear, and I know what she's thinking; 'What a pro!'

Dan Dare is sitting on the arm of the sofa to one side of Mamma, looking at the floor. I manage a quick glance around one side of the room. Several people have got themselves grandstand seats, with my dealing to Mamma's cunt the big event. I get a quick glimpse of two men and a woman who have arranged themselves, with judicious use of a fucking stool, to ensure they don't miss a thing whilst getting on with their own show. She's over the stool with her mouth around the cock of a guy on a sofa and her arse is full of the other guy. All proceedings have been halted, however, awaiting recommencement of the main event.
