 We have had a number of group encounters but I specifically wanted a man with foreskin. I have a particular fetish for men with foreskin, so much in fact that I am researching ways to assist my hubby in restoring his. Western culture really has a thing for whacking up baby boys' penises. But anyway, we put an ad on Craigslist quite some time ago for an intact cock. We had dozens upon dozens of replies. I am not shallow but I have requirements if I am to be intimate with another person so there was a long process of weeding through the candidates. Some were too young or old. Some were simply too big! I am NOT a size queen. I like a nice average 6.5 - 8 incher and not too big around either. When they are too big it hurts and is harder to play with both at the same time. Some were too fat or too hairy. Okay so maybe I am particular but it is my pussy that I am offering up and I want it to be wet for the guy! Some of the guys were only interested in being a bull and doing some hubby humiliation crap (not my thing!). But there was one that had a very nice looking cock and he didn't seem like a bad guy. 

We met at a bar and played a couple rounds of pool and chatted. Life did not permit us to jump into the sack the first night but things started to switch gears when a couple months later we finalized the deal on our house. Our new friend, "Martin", is a locksmith and recommended we get the locks changed as it had been a foreclosure. Naturally we asked him to do the honor of re-keying our locks. This afforded us the perfect opportunity to get to spend some time together at our new home and because we have a Jacuzzi, we invited him over during the evening.

I was eager to jump in the hot tub and not even a little nervous to shed my clothes in front of our guest. Both my husband and Martin immediately followed me into the water. Nerves must have gotten the better of them because they spent a painfully long time talking about 'guy stuff'. My pussy was aching to have them turn their attention to me. I let one leg drift up from the floor and positioned by foot on the bench in front of Martin and began stroking his thigh with my toes. I inched my way around until I was resting just under his balls then carefully began massaging him with my toes. I wanted to just hurl myself across the tub and grab his cock but thought it best to ease into the situation. Martin took a couple more pulls on his beer and began to loosen up. What a relief!

It was clear he was being respectful and waiting for my husband to give some clear cues for proceeding. Gotta like a guy like that! Not too pushy is good but I was beginning to think I may have to float over and sit on his lap to get the attention I craved. Ah yes! Floating was exactly what I decided to do. I closed my eyes and rested my head on the cushion behind me. Taking a deep breath, I let my body slowly surface. My huge breasts began to rise above the water line and my large raspberry like nipples pierced the surface, jutting straight up and insisting "everybody, look at me!" My knees and toes bobbed at the surface and I let my body sway from my husband to Martin and back again like a pendulum. As I peeked out briefly to see if either of them was taking notice I realized there was no way for any man to not notice! The moon glow on my wet glistening skin was an incredible sight. My breasts were buoying and reflecting the changing colors of our Jacuzzi lights like a beacon to lost ships. Why on God's great earth were these two virile men still glued to their seats? In frustration, I let my legs spread apart. The lights gave a clear view of my pussy. There was no misreading my signals! I wanted these men to fuck me and the sooner the better!

Finally, my husband began running his hand along my leg and up my right thigh. He must have nodded to Martin because moments later I felt my left leg getting the same treatment. It was incredible having both their hands rubbing over my body and their fingers probing at my puss. I lowered my ass back to the seat so I could feel the jet blast my clit while they fondled me. Resting my head, I imagined it was a dozen men with their hands all over me. I felt lips against my neck and shoulders and fingers squeezing my breasts and ass. Truly I was in heaven; I reached for them so my hands could stroke their stiffening cocks under the water. 

It wasn't long until we decided to go inside to lay on the futon in front of the fire. I made haste to pull that delicious strange cock into my mouth, running my tongue over the loose foreskin as it pulled back over the head and continued to harden. I lay back with my head hanging off the bed so he could more easily slide his shaft down my throat. Meanwhile, my husband buried his face between my thighs and began eagerly lapping at the sweet juices that were flowing from my puss.

As I melted into ecstasy, I straddled a cock and shifted my ass into the air to allow the other to enter me from behind. I squealed with pleasure and a little bit from the sting as their swollen cocks stretched and tore at my tender puss. The sensation of their two beautiful cocks pummeling me in a piston like fashion was enough to send me into a rapturous climax. My cum poured from my puss, running down over their balls and as they continued to thrust I could feel my wetness splashing back onto my thighs and ass. In an effort to not cum themselves, they held off and pulled out to allow me to lick all my nectar from their shafts. While I was kneeling to suck on one cock, I felt the other man behind me, spreading my ass cheeks so he could watch as my pussy engulfed his cock. With each thrust into my puss, the other's cock was rammed down my throat nearing gagging me. Drool streamed from the corners of my mouth as I tried to keep up with the frenzied pace of their pumping and thrusting. Any time they would near climax, they would pull away, resisting the urge to empty the contents of their balls into me and trade places. I was over the top loving every minute of this little fuck fest. 

The night continued on like this for at least two hours with intermittent breaks. We would sprawl out and catch our breath and let our hands continue pleasuring each other. I had the men stand beside each other in front of me and stroked them back to semi hard. I then took them one at a time, into my mouth. I would suck one cock for a few bobs then switch to the other. Back and forth I turned my head to cram their dicks alternating into my mouth. Pulling them closer together, I was able to bring them both in at the same time. The corners of my mouth burned as I tried to stretch to accommodate both their cocks. I cupped their balls and did my best to keep at least their heads in but they were simply too much for me.

Now they were both exceedingly hard and ready to continue pounding into me so my husband pushed me back on the bed and knelt between my legs to demonstrate to our friend how easy it is to make me squirt. He placed two fingers on my g-spot and gave it a few good thumps. I could feel my button starting to swell as he rubbed it good and hard. He finger fucked me for a couple minutes while I sucked on Martin's cock some more (I really enjoyed having that strange cock in my mouth!). It didn't take long before I sprayed up his arm to his elbow and filled his cupped hand to over flowing. My juice was puddling under me as I screamed and groaned with pleasure. Our friend was amazed at the volume of cum that sprayed from me and that I could continue orgasming as long as pressure remained applied to my g-spot. He was even more amazed when I started a low guttural purr like a cougar as I began to cum again.

After a good hard cum like that, I love being drilled mercilessly. My husband sat nearby and watched while our friend plowed me long and hard. I reached for my husband and swallowed his cock. But he backed off right away not wanting to cum. I could feel our friend's cock swell inside of me and the tightening of his balls as they slapped against my ass. I knew it was not going to take but a few more strokes before his beautiful cock erupted with cum too. Unable to restrain any longer, he asked where he should cum and my husband told him to fill me up. It was immensely satisfying to feel the throbbing of his cock in my pussy as he unleashed his load and to know that I had brought him to that pleasure. 

I pulled my husband on top of me immediately and directed his raging cock into my cum drenched pussy. I knew he was loving this rare opportunity to get sloppy seconds on his wife's cunt and was more than ready when he dumped his cum in me a few moments later. 

I felt like a porn star and my adrenaline was pumping so hard I could have gone another round or two but the men, feeling quite spent; decided it was time to retire for the night. Martin fell asleep within minutes on the futon and we, the VERY happy couple, went upstairs to the master bedroom. My hubby tried to talk me into going back down and riding Martin's cock a little more. It turned him on seeing how much I enjoyed that lovely uncut cock pound into me. I declined to leave him but feeling a second wind, he began to make love passionately to me, our eyes locked together as we came again.