 In my first story, true, every word, I described the fun and games my first wife and I played with our friend, Kevin. This is a further "confession" of the things we did "a long time ago, in a galaxy far, far away."

My first wife, Chris, and I were a fairly typical mid 40's couple living in Central Indiana. We had sex 2-3 times a week, usually missionary. Now and then after a little wine, Chris would let me fuck her ass. I would enter from behind while she was on her knees. She played with herself as I slowly edged in her bottom. A couple of times when she climaxed she would say "Oh Daddy, Daddy." I did not know where that came from. She had never been molested by her father but she did tell me about being fondled as a child by an uncle when she sat on his lap at family reunions.

Chris, read a lot of "lady porn", i.e. adventure, romance novels and mystery "thrillers" which always contained a huge amount of gratuitous fucking and fantasy sex play. I know she masturbated in the bathtub while reading these stories. I watched her from a reflection in the mirror over the lavatory sinks. I always jacked while she worked her fingers in her pussy. She made muffled sounds when she came. I tried to time my climaxes with hers, but kept quiet. That was tough. None of her playing gave me a clue that she wanted to see me suck another man's cock. 

We met "Kevin" on line. He was a little younger, mid-30's, and single. Chris, unknown to me, had a membership on Bondage.com. I caught her watching two men spit roast a middle aged woman who was bound and gagged. She said she wanted to try that and began searching the contacts on AOL and found Kevin. We met for drinks, hit it off and came back to our home to "get to know " each other.

After we took our clothes off, and got onto our king-sized bed, Kevin and I observed the usual protocols: no deliberate touching of each others cocks. We sucked her tits and played with her pussy until she climaxed and then Kevin and I jacked off onto her tits. We all had fun and agreed to meet again the following Friday for more fun.

At our second meeting, things were different. We did not waste time talking. We took our clothes off and jumped onto our bed. Chris sucked our dicks and both of us took turns eating and fingering her pussy. Kevin and I were soon ready to cum, either in her mouth or her pussy, but too excited to continue with the foreplay. I said "You go first. I want to see you fuck her." He started to get into the good old missionary position when Chris said to me, "Why don't you guide Daddy's cock into me, son. You have been staring at it all evening. Go ahead and touch it." 

Daddy? Son? Where did that come from? In an instant we moved from group sex to incest. But I thought, why not? So I reached over and began to stroke Kevin. But first I poured some lube onto his uncut beauty. As I stroked, I noticed Kevin rolled his head back. Without further delay, I placed his cock at the entrance to "mommy's" pussy and he pushed right on in. He was in high gear, hilting her immediately. She gasped and said "Go Daddy." I sat at the foot of the bed and watched Daddy fuck Mommy's brains out. It did not take long for both of them to cum. They both yelled out all kinds of things from "Oh God" (Kevin) to "fuck me daddy, harder (Chris)." 

Chris did not want to cuddle. She pushed Kevin off and out of her and then told me to watch his cum roll out of her pussy. She dipped a finger in their combined juices, put it in my mouth and said, "That tastes good doesn't it? Now be a good boy and clean Daddy's cock." I stared at Kevin and again thought, why not? He did not complain; he just rolled onto his back and I started licking. I must admit he tasted very differently than I expected. I knew how Chris tasted, musky and strong and I knew how I tasted. What boy/man hasn't tasted himself? But I had never sucked a man's cock coated with my wife's pussy juices or tasted another man's cum. The combined flavors were both musky and sweet. I was hooked. I spent so much time "cleaning" Kevin's cock he started to get hard again. Chris brought me back to reality when she said, "Now be a good boy and put another load of cream in mommy's tummy." I climbed back on and came faster than Kevin did. In my head the thought of Son fucking Mommy put me into a different universe. Wow! I collapsed on top of her and she let me lay there for a while. I was just about to doze off when she whispered "Now Daddy, clean off your son's cock." 

While I was getting a handle on that thought, Kevin began to pat my ass and motion for me to roll off Chris. I did. And then he did a most thorough "cleaning" of my cock. When Kevin finally stopped Chris said, "I need to pee. You two be good" and bounced her way to bathroom. In our post orgasm stupor Kevin and I just stared at each other for a minute or two. I noticed both of our cocks were starting to get hard so I reached for him. As he filled my mouth I thought, "Would he like a finger in his ass while I tongued the head of his dick?" 

To be continued...