 Ashley attended a large university, which was infamous for being a huge party school. She was passing with no problem, though she loved to party more than study.

Ashley partied all over the school, but there was one particular frat house that she liked to 

party at the most. She loved to party there because she always seemed to be the center of attention. Everyone always focused on her, and wasn't because she could drink as much as the guys. It was because she was so hot. She knew it herself, that is why she always dressed for the parties. Whether it was a tight shirt with a tight pair of jeans or if it was just a miniskirt she always had all the guys attention.

She always went to these parties with her girlfriends, Tara and Jenna. They were the ones that had brought to the frat house originally. They would spend most of their time partying and hanging around with all the brothers from the fraternity. The brothers would make passes at them and Ashley would note that her friends didn't mind this, so she wouldn't let it bother her as well. Ashley's appetite for sex was equal to her appetite for partying, so she liked the attention she received when they made passes at her. She had actually taken one of the brothers up on a gesture he had made at one time. She thought that that was a wild night for her. Ashley had told Tara and Jenna about everything that they had done that night. When asked if she liked that she replied to them

"Of course I did!" They all just laughed about it.

A couple of days later when they were having lunch, Tara had ask her if she would like to be a little sister of the fraternity, since her and Jenna were already little sisters to the fraternity. "I guess, what would I have to do to become a little sister?" she asked. "Well, you would find that out at your initiation. I'm not quite sure what you would have to do." Tara told her. "Well, what did you guys have to do for your initiation?" Ashley asked. "Unfortunately, you know we can't discuss that." Jenna had with a smirk on her face. "I don't know….." Ashley said hesitantly. "It won't be that bad, besides we'll be there with you." Tara said so to reassure her. "It's not like you're going to have to do anything gross or disgusting." Jenna added. "OK, since you'll be there with me I guess it can't be that bad." Said Ashley. Tara and Jenna both looked at each and started laughing. "What?" Ashley asked. "Nothing, we are gonna have a blast!" Tara had said and with that her Jenna started laughing hysterically. Ashley just shook her head.

When the weekend had come Ashley had gotten a call from Jenna telling her to come over to frat house around seven. She told her that that was when her initiation was to take place. Jenna also told her that Tara would be by to get her, so that she didn't have any second thoughts on this. Ashley assured her that she wasn't backing out and was actually looking forward to whatever was to come. "Oh, there's going to be plenty to come." Jenna said to her and hung up. Tara picked up Ashley and took her over to frat house. When they arrived it looked as if there was no one in the house, but Tara reassured her that everyone was there and waiting for her.

They walked into the house to find the lights on, but no one was around. Ashley found this odd because there always at least one of the brothers around doing something.

"Come on, lets go downstairs. I believe that is where everyone is." Tara told Ashley. As they went down to the basement Ashley had stopped short at the sight that befell her.

There on her knees, naked, was Jenna surrounded by four of the brothers sucking on each of their cocks. Then off to side there were at six more brothers sitting on the couches, with their cocks in their hands, waiting for their turn. Ashley stood there dumbfounded at what was going on in front of her. "And here is what you've all been waiting for gentlemen!" Tara said presenting Ashley to them. All the men started to holler and whoop at the sight of Ashley causing her to blush. "Wh-What, i-is going on here?" Ashley stammered. "Why don't you know? This is your initiation!" Tara told her. "What do I have to do?" Ashley asked. "Well, don'tcha know honey, you're here to satisfy all of us!" One of the brothers had said to her. Ashley didn't say anything. "Come on now, baby don't be shy. We all know about how crazy you were with Dave. You did everything under the sun with him." Another brother added. This caused Ashley to turn a bright shade of red. Tara walked over to her with a drink. "Have this, it will loosen you up a bit." With that Tara had walked away and began to take her clothes off. As soon she was naked three guys had got around and started to grope and fondle her all over.

The remaining three brothers had gotten up and walked over to Ashley. One of them had said to her, "It looks like someone here is overdressed for the occasion" And with that he had taken the drink from her hand while one brother had taken off her shirt and the other brother pulled down her pants. Ashley was left standing in her bra and panties. The brother who had taken her drink came back and said, "This won't do, you still have too much on." With that he proceeded to remove her bra and panties so that she was now naked like the rest of them. "That, is much better." he said. Ashley felt one of the brothers reach from behind her and grabbed one of her breasts. Another brother on her side slid his hand down her belly and started to rub her pussy. The brother who took her drink had kissed her, then bent down and took her other breast in his mouth. "Mmmmmmmm." Ashley moaned. Ashley reached down and grabbed a cock in each hand, starting to stroke them. As she was doing this Tara was sucking on the cocks of three men surrounding her. Meanwhile, Jenna was on her knees, she was getting fucked from behind from by one of the brothers and blowing the two brothers standing in front of her.

Ashley stepped away from the brothers and walked over to the couch and laid down on her back, spreading her legs. "So, who wants some of this?" she said, rubbing her hand over her pussy. She took her finger and stuck it in her pussy, stroked it around, then pulled it out and put it in her mouth. "I have got to get some of that." Said one of the brothers. He walked over to her, got between her legs and started to lick her pussy. The other two brothers got on either side of her and she started to suck their cocks. The brother that was between her legs was darting his tongue in and out of her pussy. He then proceeded to nibble on her pussy lips, before finally taking her clit between his lips. He sucked hard on her clit causing it stick out a bit. Noticing this, he lightly bit down on her clit. "Aahhh-ooOOOHHMMPPHH" was all Ashley could get out. 

The scene in the basement of the frat house was that of a mass menagerie. The three women had three guys around them. Each of the women was engaged in some type of sex act. One of the frat brothers that was with Tara had stood up and said, "Now that we have had to chance to know each other more intimately, I think it is time we moved on to what we are here for. Ashley's initiation. As we can see, she is clearly on her way already." Everyone looked over to where Ashley to see that she wasn't even paying attention. She was getting fucked by one frat brother, while sucking off the other; and the third brother was playing with her tits while stroking his cock. "Anyway," the brother continued. "For her initiation, she will fuck each and every one of us. Plus, she will also be our little cumslut, which means when each of you are close to finishing you will pull out and shoot it wherever you want." The brother walked over to where Ashley and the three frat brothers were having sex. "OK, we are going start off by forming a line here. What will happen is Ashley is going to be on her back and each of you will get a chance to fuck her. When I say "Next", you will get up and give your brothers a turn. Tara and Jenna will be our fluffers, so that you will all be ready when it is your turn." 

The frat brothers all formed a line in front of Ashley. While one of the brothers was fucking Ashley, the next two in line were either fucking or getting sucked off by Tara or Jenna. After about thirty minutes each of the frat brothers had taken a turn fucking Ashley. The frat brother who had organized the line had spoke up again, "OK, now it is a free-for-all, do whatever you want. Just remember that when you are going to cum, you have to give it to Ashley." With that, they all broke into groups again. Ashley had grabbed one of the black brothers, "I definitely want some of that cock!" " Well, it's all yours." He said, stoking the length of his huge cock. She had him sit on the couch and then she straddled his cock. "Ooooooohhhhh. Aaaaaaaahhhh. Mmmmmmmm." She moaned as she sank down on his cock. One of the white brothers had come up behind her and started rubbing his cock along her ass. "Oh yeah! Stick it in my ass!" Ashley moaned. The frat brother put the tip of his cock right on her puckered asshole. He slowly pushed the tip of his cock past the ring. Ashley had let out a low grunt as he pushed his cock into her ass, she whimpered as he slowly shoved every inch of his cock up her ass. He slowly pulled it out, then shoved it back in. Doing this again and again, going a little faster and harder as she got used to it. Ashley was going crazy from the double fucking she was getting at the hands of these brothers. She had thought that this was all she could take until two more brothers came up on either of her and told her to suck their cocks. Having gone crazy with lust she was more than willing to just about anything that was requested of her.

As Ashley was getting the fucking of her young life, Tara and Jenna were also having some fun of their own. Tara was held in the air by one of the stronger brothers, he was eating her pussy while holding her in the air. While at the same time she was sucking the cock of the brother standing in front of her. He was twisting and pinching her nipples making them swollen and bright red. At the same time Jenna was on her hands and knees, being fucked in the ass while sucking on the cock of the brothers and stroking the cock of the other.

"I'm not going to be able to hold back much longer, because your ass is so fucking tight!" said the brother was on top of Ashley. "Mmmmmbbbbrrrr, mmmm, mmphh!" was all she could get out cause a frat brothers cock filled her mouth. "Didn't your mother ever teach you not talk with your mouth full!" Jenna had said laughing. Ashley had spit the cock she was sucking on to say "I was trying to say, just give it to me then."

"That's good, cause I'm gonna pop!" said the brother who was fucking her ass. "Yeah, I'm about to bust it myself!" said the brother who she was riding. They both had got off of Ashley and she turned around and sat down on the couch. She reached down and played with pussy and said to the black brother, "I want more of that monster cock." 

"Oh, you're gonna get it alright, then I'm gonna shower you in my cum!" With that the black brother proceeded to jam his cock into her in one swift motion. "AAAAAHHHH!

OH MY GOD!!" she screamed. His pulled his cock out of her and slammed it back in again. He was working his cock like a jackhammer, as if he was trying to break her in two. Ashley was moaning loudly and her head was thrashing from side to side. A couple of brothers were standing around her stroking their cocks. "Get ready, cause here it comes!" the black brother as he pulled his cock out of her pussy. He gave his cock a quick jerk and the first stream of his cum shot out and landed on her forehead and in her hair. The next shot landed on her chin and dribbled down her neck. The remainder of his load had covered her breasts and her belly. The two brothers that were standing on either side also began to cum at the same time. The brother that was standing on her left side started to shoot his load his load on her breasts and her belly. The brother on her right side aimed his cock at her face and started his barrage. The first load landed in her hair. The second load landed on her left eye and across the bridge of her nose. His third load had landed on mouth and her right cheek. The remainder of his load had covered her left arm and hand.

The brother that was fucking Jenna in the ass had announced that he had a gift for Ashley. He pulled his cock out for her ass, walked over to Ashley and started stroking it.

"So, where do want it baby?" he asked her. "Ooohh anywhere you want, give me your hot cum!" Ashley moaned. He stood near her face and told her to open her mouth. Ashley opened her mouth wide and stuck out her tongue. "Uuunnnnhhhh, here it comes!" he told her as he started to shoot his load into her mouth. He blasted load after load into her mouth, it had overflowed and down her chin and dripped onto her breasts. Ashley closed her mouth swallowed his load. "Mmmmmmm, I definitely want more of that!" Ashley said licking her lips. "Well, I think that these are ready to accommodate you." Tara said escorted by two brothers. Their hard cocks were throbbing and dripping precum. Ashley had sat up and when she did, cum had started running down her breasts and belly going to her pussy. She grabbed both of their cocks and started pumping them. She could tell by their groaning that she was about to get another shower. It only took a couple of strokes and Ashley was rewarded with more of what she wanted. They started to shower her in their cum, it was going everywhere. Some of the cum landed in her hair, it splattered on her forehead and ran down her cheeks. She opened her mouth and cum ran down into it. Cum splashed over her shoulders and onto her breasts, it was dripping off of her nipples. Her body was soaked with cum and there was still more to come.

The two brothers that were double fucking Jenna had got up and were stroking their cocks signaling that were ready to shower Ashley also, making her initiation complete. The one brother stuck his cock into Ashleys' mouth. She started sucking on his cock vigorously to get that which she was already covered in. Ashley wrapped her tongue around his cock while she was playing with his balls. "Uhhhh…..Unnnggghhhh….shit!" the brother said. Ashley could taste the precum flowing from his cock and knew he was about to cum. As she tasted the first drops of his cum come out, he pulled his cock out of her mouth with a pop. The stream had shot out of her mouth and up over her face. She held her mouth so she could receive his load. Ashley got what she wanted as he aimed his cock at her mouth and gave her the rest of his load. It filled her mouth and she swallowed it with a smile. "Only one more to go!" Tara had said to her.

Tara and Jenna had come down on both sides of Ashley and started kissing and licking her. Tara had stuck her tongue out and licked some of the cum off of Ashley's cheek. At the same time Jenna had bent down and was licking the cum off of Ashley's breasts. This sight was more than the final brother could handle. He walked up to the girls furiously stroking his cock. The cum exploded from his purple head. Part of it had landed on the back of Jenna's head, while the rest had landed on Ashley's neck and chin. As he stroked his cock, more cum flowed. His next shot had gone across Ashley and Tara's faces, it left a sticky rope of cum connecting the two ladies. A couple of more shots had splashed over the girls, leaving them all covered in cum. 

The three girls had started laughing at the sight of each other. The brothers had all gathered around the girls. "So, did I pass the initiation?" Ashley inquired. "By the looks of you, I would have to say so!" One of the brothers said. "Welcome to the club. Little Sister!!" Tara said to Ashley, hugging her. "As a little sister, it is your responsibility to entertain the brothers at any of their parties. Do you think you can handle that?" Jenna had said to Ashley. "Will you guys be there with me?" Ashley asked. "Of course we will!" both Tara and Jenna had said. "Well then, you know I will always be there." Ashley had said. The three girls got up from the floor and went upstairs to clean themselves before heading back to the college.