 Mike peered over Gabrielle's shoulder as they both read the email. Both were excited beyond words, yet ever cognizant of the fact that it was still only an email and that the true test would be in meeting the couple in person. Such was usually the case when meeting people through these internet personals sites. On the screen, this couple seemed ideal. Both were very attractive and they seemed to have so much in common. The fact that both were bisexual was the icing on the cake. Now it was time to meet them...to take things to the next level.

They'd met other people through these sites before...some couples, some singles. They were always cautious, and screened everyone closely before ever agreeing to meet. In fact, there were more that they didn't meet than those they did. For the most part they'd always been fairly successful. Over the years they'd had some really good times and shared in some experiences most others only fantasize about.

For both Mike and Gabrielle, it was merely an extension of their existing relationship. Both were very comfortably bi, and open?minded in all things sexual. They'd tried just about everything, and for the most part enjoyed it all. Both had been in 'straight' monogamous relationships in the past. Both had been married before. Somehow they seemed to discover each other and nothing had been the same since.

Gabrielle looked up at Mike, a playful gleam in her eyes. Mike knew the look well. He knew Gabrielle was feeling adventurous.

"What do you think baby?" she asked.

"Sounds good to me," he replied. "I trust them, and it'll be a good time I think." The fact that they'd spoken on the phone on numerous occasions helped ease any concerns he might have had. "Let's meet them and see what happens."

"Mmmmmmm....you just want to get your hands on that big cock of his," she jibed playfully.

"Like you don't," he quickly replied.

"I must say, I'm a little wet thinking about it."

"Oh yeah?" Mike reached down and ran his finger up the length of Gabrielle's pussy, then tasted his finger. "Mmmmm....I'd say that's an understatement" and he laughed.

Gabrielle reached up and gave Mike's cock a quick grasp. "What have we here? Looks like you like what you see." With that she tugged the waistband of his boxers down and quickly engulfed the entire length of his cock in one smooth movement, causing him to groan. He savoured it for a moment, then pulled her off. He loved her deep throat skills, but knew what it would lead to.

"Don't get me started or we'll never get there," he said with a smile.

"Fine," she said with a mock pout. He leaned down, kissed her deeply and whispered, "I love you".

Within a half hour they finished dressing and were in the car, following the directions outlined in the email. The couple they were meeting had invited them out to their summer cottage, overlooking the ocean. From what Mike gathered, it was in a rather secluded area, which served their purposes just fine. Both were dressed casually. Mike wore loose?fitting tan?coloured Dockers, commando style, with just a pair of sandals on his feet. A khaki?coloured, loose?fitting, long?sleeved linen shirt over a white tank top completed his wardrobe for the night. Somehow it just seemed to accentuate his broad shoulders and chest, which Gabrielle loved. His short, close?cropped brown hair and muscular body gave him a youthful look that belied his age, and his liquid hazel eyes never ceased to make her pussy quiver.

Gabrielle had chosen a short periwinkle blue sundress. If anything, it did less to hide and more to accentuate the beautiful body concealed beneath it. Held up by thin spaghetti straps, it did little to contain her D?cup breasts and Mike couldn't help but notice her prominent nipples straining through the thin fabric. The dress flared out at her hips, the bottom barely covering the delicious curve of her buttocks. Normally Gabrielle would be wearing a thong, however Mike had managed to convince her not to wear any underwear this time. As they sped down the highway in their Mercedes convertible, Gabrielle could feel the warm summer breeze buffeting her bare pussy, sending delicious thrills through her.

On her feet she wore a simple pair of high?heeled sandals, which accentuated her calves and brought her height up to a staggering five?foot?four. Her auburn hair blew casually in the breeze, revealing a graceful neck and the diamond earrings Mike had bought her for their last anniversary. Her stunning green eyes watched Mike as he smoothly shifted gears and handled the powerful sports car along the winding coastal highway that led them closer to their destination.

As the sun began it's descent over the ocean, Mike pulled the car onto a flagstone driveway flanked by two massive stone gateposts, the wrought iron gates swinging closed as he slowed to a stop in front of the cottage. The structure was more than a simple oceanfront cottage. It was a tall A?frame structure, and Mike estimated the house could accommodate at least forty or fifty guests comfortably for an evening of entertaining. As he opened the car door for Gabrielle and lifted their overnight bag from the back seat, their hosts came out to greet them.

"Hi...we're Carl and Marie. We're so glad you could come." Everyone shook hands and made the round of greetings. "Can I take your bag for you?" Carl asked.

"Quite all right," Mike replied. "We packed light," he said with a wink. Carl grinned his response.

"Come on in and have a drink then," Marie smiled, then took Gabrielle's arm casually.

Mike and Carl couldn't help but grin at each other as they watched the two women lead the way, their swaying buttocks enticing the men.

Once inside, drinks were poured and everyone relaxed. Carl and Marie were everything they described and more. Their photos had certainly not done them justice. Carl appeared to be about six feet tall and very well proportioned. Compared to Mike, he was very similar in build, except taller. His hair was short as well...blond and closely cropped. He was clean?shaven, which only seemed to strengthen his handsome face. He'd dressed similarly to Mike except his pants were more of a lounging type with an elastic waistband. Even from a distance, his prominent bulge was unmistakable. As Mike made eye contact with him again, he blushed at the discovery that he'd been caught looking. Carl winked and smiled.

Marie was stunning. Her French?Indonesian heritage made itself evident in her olive?coloured skin, long straight raven hair and delicate features. Her large almond?shaped eyes seemed to captivate anyone she looked at. She wore a long black dress with a mandarin collar that hung nearly to her ankles. The fabric seemed to hug her curves, swelling over her prominent breasts, accentuating her flat tummy and flaring back out over her hips and buttocks before falling gracefully to her ankles. She was bare?footed, which seemed to turn Mike on for some reason.

As Mike made this observation, Marie turned to Gabrielle.

"Would you like to see the rest of the house?"

"Sure," Gabrielle replied, and the walked away arm in arm while Mike and Carl watched.

Mike's thoughts were interrupted by Carl's voice.

"She's beautiful, isn't she?"

"That she is," Mike answered.

"You're going to love fucking her ass. She has the most insatiable appetite for anal sex."

"She's not the only one," Mike replied with a wink. Carl smiled.

Just then, Mike felt something cold and wet on his arm. Turning to look, he discovered a huge Great Dane, sniffing him out to see who the new guests were.

"That's Butch," said Carl. "We've had him for three years now. Don't be alarmed by his size. He's quite friendly." This last comment he said with a bit of a smile, and Mike couldn't help but wonder what hidden meaning might be held in that comment. He knew some people enjoyed their pets for more than friendly companionship and household security. Perhaps this might be the case here. He shrugged it off and reached down to scratch Butch's ear. Again, his thoughts were interrupted by Carl's voice.

"Why don't we go see what those women are up to?" he said.

"Sure," Mike said, and they made their way through the large house.

Carl led the way up the stairs to the second floor. As he emerged at the top of the stairs, Mike discovered the entire second floor was the master suite. Immediately in front of him lay a sprawling bed, larger even than king?sized. It had wrought iron posts on all four corners, and a light?weight white fabric, similar to mosquito net, draped from the top rails. To his right lay the ensuite. It was open to the room and consisted of two pedestal sinks, toilet and bidet and a massive sunken Roman?style tub surrounded with lit candles. To his left were an open pair of French doors leading out to a deck overlooking the ocean. It was from this direction he heard the distinct sounds of giggling.

"I believe that would be our wives," Carl chuckled. Mike followed Carl through the French doors. Built into the deck was a large cedar hot tub. Both Mike and Carl smiled as they discovered Marie and Gabrielle in each others arms, giggling and playfully caressing each other. It was quite evident they were naked, as was evident by their discarded dresses laying like puddles on the wood planking of the deck.

"It's about time," Marie playfully chided.

"I was just introducing Mike to Butch," Carl replied. He was casually removing his clothes as he made this comment. Mike followed suit.

Marie saw the question in Gabrielle's eyes. "Butch is our Great Dane," she said with a smile. "He's such a cutie. I just know you guys are going to love him." As she said this, she casually caressed Gabrielle's breasts, pausing occasionally to tug at her nipples.

By this time, Carl and Mike had finished undressing and were preparing to step into the tub. As Carl lifted one leg to step over the edge, Mike found himself looking at Carl's dangling cock. He was awed. His cock was easily as big in it's present soft state as Mike's was when he was hard, and Mike was no slouch at eight thick inches. Carl had to be at least ten, of not more. It would have been readily apparent to Gabrielle as well, however, she was occupied with Marie's tongue in her mouth at the time and was too late to notice before Carl slipped under the water. Mike slipped in quickly behind him.

He wasn't concerned or even really envious of Carl's size. His eight inch cock was more than respectable and he knew how to use it, that was for sure. He was equally sure that this was going to be a real treat for Gabrielle. She loved big cocks because they stretched her. Gabrielle always loved the feeling of being stretched. Mike knew that only too well, having fisted her more times than he could remember. If anything, his only concern was whether or not he himself would be able to accommodate such a large weapon. He figured he'd know soon enough.

Naturally, watching the two women across from them aroused both men. By now Marie had Gabrielle sitting on the edge of the tub and was licking her clit mercilessly, literally tongue fucking her. Gabrielle's eyes were clenched shut as she clutched Marie's hair and mashed her face between her widespread legs. Marie responded by wetting two fingers in Gabrielle's soaking wet pussy, then sliding them deeply into Gabrielle's anus. Instantly Gabrielle began her first orgasm of the night.

The effect served to make Mike's need greater. He reached beside him and grasped Carl's hardening cock. It was massive. It felt heavy in his hand and he immediately began to stroke it's entire length, partly to measure it and partly out of curiosity as to how big Carl would get when fully aroused. Carl moaned his appreciation then stood up, allowing his cock to come level with Mike's face. Mike didn't need any further encouragement. Lifting Carl's impressive cock with one hand, he ran his tongue along it's entire length, then wet his lips and engulfed the head. His other hand stroked his own cock, which was now becoming fully erect itself. Carl groaned again, fuelling Mike's desire.

He continued to suck, forcing his jaw to open further to accommodate the huge cock. Taking his time, he allowed Carl's cock to enter to the point of reaching his gag reflex. He was amazed that half of this cock was still exposed. Willing himself to relax his throat muscles, he took another inch, then another. Backing off, he spit on the cock to lubricate it, then went down again. Carl groaned again and placed his hands on Mike's head. It was the right trigger. Mike doubled his efforts and after some time was finally able to feel Carl's pubic bone with his lips. As he pulled off to take a breath, he was amazed. Fully erect and throbbing hard, Carl's cock was ten solid inches. Mike's jaw was stretched to it's limits. He sunk down on it again, his vision going blurry from the excitement and the lack of oxygen. This time Carl almost growled, and it turned Mike on incredibly.

Hearing Carl's growl, Gabrielle looked up to see her husband swallow what appeared to be an immense cock. She instantly became even wetter. Seeing that Mike was handling Carl without too much discomfort, she spoke up.

"Grab his hair Carl. Fuck his face. He loves it. He wants it. Don't you baby?"

Mike nodded, as much as he could with a throat full of cock. Carl smiled and nodded. Reaching down, he removed the hand Mike had been stroking him with and said, "No hands." He then grabbed each side of Mike's head and began to stroke his cock in and out of his mouth, using him as his personal fuck toy. Mike was delirious. Carl began stroking a little faster. Every once in a while, he pulled out, slapping his cock on Mike's tongue, then rudely smacking the sides of his face with it. Gabrielle and Marie heard it and stopped what they were doing to watch, each playing with her own pussy as they did so. Back in Carl's cock went, right down to the root. He began fucking Mike's face in earnest, his face creased in effort and in the pleasure he was receiving.

For his part, Mike was beside himself. He'd totally forgotten about his own cock, as it was all he could do to concentrate on breathing as Carl fucked his face. At some point he began to completely lose himself in the act, submitting to the thrusting of Carl's cock. Soon he was seeing stars. Marie, knowing how long her husband could last, slipped in behind him and began to lick his ass. Not wanting to be left out of the action, Gabrielle slipped into the water beside Mike and whispered her encouragement.

"Yeah baby, that's it. Oh my god this is hot! Fuck that cock! Oh fuck!"

Marie wet a finger and slowly inserted it into Carl's anus. It wasn't long before she found his prostate and began to massage it gently. It had the desired effect. Grunting and snorting, Carl went over the edge, slamming his cock into Mike's throat, his big balls tightening up. Tears welled up in Mike's eyes. This was easily the most brutal face fuck he'd ever received. With a great shout, Carl suddenly pulled his cock out and furiously fisted it. Gabrielle grabbed Mike's hair and held his mouth open. In mere seconds, Carl's cum cam flying out, the first spurt flying across Mike's face. Adjusting his aim, Carl pumped jet after jet of cum into Mike's upturned mouth, filling it to capacity. 

As the last drops seeped out, he ran his cock across Mike's lips, wiping the cum around. Gabrielle immediately pulled Mike's face to hers and shoved her tongue into his mouth as far as it would go. They swapped Carl's cum, savouring it between them. Pulling away, Gabrielle closed Mike's mouth with her hands and said "Swallow it," which he did. Marie scooped up what had landed on Mike's face and offered it to her husband. He sucked it all off, then in a total surprise to Mike, leaned down and licked off all remaining traces of it from Mike's face, ending in a wet kiss.

"I think it's time we went into the bedroom," Marie said quietly with a smile.