 Chapter 10

Jenny floated through the rest of the week. When she had a free moment, she began to outline a plan for her business. It was just a sketch, but it felt good to get her ideas down on paper. 

On Friday morning she got a surprise call from Bob Davenport. He was still in Europe but wanted to call and say hello. Jenny was more than a little excited to get the call since it meant that he hadn't forgotten about her in the past week. She was even more surprised when he asked her to reserve a Saturday afternoon and evening for him, which she scheduled for the weekend he was coming home. 

After they said goodbye, Jenny hung up the phone and almost screamed in joy. She got control of herself and sat back in her chair with a satisfied smile. She wondered how things could get any better. Then she remembered that Tim was coming over this weekend. A little tremor of pleasure went through her and another smile came to her face as she thought about the young man.

He was just a kid but she liked him a lot. In fact, she had to admit that she liked his little kink... sitting on someone's face was not something she would have though of in a million years. Yet, it had been fun and in contrast to how submissive she had felt with Michael, it gave her a sense of power and control. It was just one of the many strange but exciting feelings that she had found in the last few weeks... feelings that were impossible for her to analyze or explain. She knew that human sexuality was a very complicated part of the human psyche and, although she had read a great deal on the subject, she had never experienced those feelings before. She decided to follow them wherever they took her.

The doorbell rang as Jenny stood at the oven checking on her lasagna dinner. It was her specialty and she knew that Tim would love it.

Jenny left her bib apron on as she hurried to the door. Under her apron she had chosen to wear a skintight, flesh colored top that hugged her body like a second skin. The stretchy material was designed to be worn for exercising and she would have never worn it out in public, especially since her breasts were bare underneath. The material was so thin that the form of her breasts and her areolas were plainly visible. She was sure that Tim was going to be surprised when she took the apron off. She had also chosen to wear a pair of tight white jeans with high-heels on her feet. Underneath her jeans she had on a pair of tiny white panties. They were made of lacy stretch material and hugged her ass cheeks, exposing the lower globes. The seam ran between her buttocks and split her already swollen sex lips in front. It rubbed her clit as she walked, making every step send a chill through her. 

"Hi Tim," Jenny said with a smile as she opened the door.

"Hi," he answered with his own broad smile as he stepped into the apartment. "Wow, smells great," he exclaimed as the smell of baked bread and lasagna hit him. 

"I hope you're hungry," Jenny said, kissing him quickly before leading the young man into her apartment.

"Always. My Mom says I can eat like three people."

Jenny felt a little tinge of emotions go through her at the young man's mention of his mother. She had the feeling that she was corrupting the young boy. But then she chastised herself for negative thoughts. He was old enough to make his own decisions. Besides, it was better that he learned from her than some hooker down on 4th street. Even his mother would have to appreciate that, she thought.

"Here," Tim said as he followed Jenny into the kitchen.

When she turned around she saw a book in his hand which she hadn't noticed before. "For me... you didn't have to get me anything."

"It's just a book that I had in my collection," Tim said handing her the large 8 by 11 glossy book.

Jenny looked at the title: "The Nude Art of Peter Paul Rubens." 

"Thank you," she said as she flipped the book open to a large photograph of "Three Graces". It was a simple painting of three well-rounded and nude women. It was one of her favorite Rubens paintings because she though it showed women as they really were and not Madison Avenue's view. 

She looked up at Tim and saw him blush. It was no surprise to her that he had a thing for well-developed women. A smile came to her face. "I'll sit down someplace comfortable and look at it after dinner," she said with lustful and teasing look.

At first Tim didn't get it. But then his face broke into a bright smile. 

Jenny placed the book on the counter and told him that she had beer in the refrigerator if he wanted. 

Instead of going for the beer, Tim stepped up behind her and wrapped his hands around her waist. He then bent his head and kissed her neck. She indulged him by turning her head to the side. When his hands moved up to cover her breasts she said, "Tim, you'll make me burn dinner." She pulled his hands away and said, "Now behave until after dinner. It's almost ready."

"All right," he answered begrudgingly and sat down at the table.

A few minutes later Jenny took off her apron and turned around.

Tim gasped. His eyes grew as round as saucers when he saw her large breasts through her transparent top. 

Jenny stood proudly and watched his eyes devour her breasts for a minute before she sat down. When he didn't move to put food on his plate, Jenny said, "Eat before it gets cold." 

Tim shook his head like he had been in a trance. "Wow," he said. His eyes barely left her chest as he began to eat. 

Jenny noted that Tim's mother had been right; he could eat like three people. When he had finished two helpings of lasagna, he asked sheepishly for a third. "Help yourself," she answered. She watched as he loaded his plate again. She loved it when people enjoyed her cooking.

When Tim had taken the last bite, he wiped his mouth and said, "Don't tell my mother but that is the best lasagna I've ever had."

"Thank you," Jenny said sincerely. Then when Tim got up to clean up the dishes she said, "Why don't we wait to clean up. I want to sit down and look at my new book."

Tim smiled broadly and came around the table to pull Jenny to her feet. He took her in his arms and kissed her. The kiss quickly turned passionate as Jenny opened her mouth to accept his tongue. A moan escaped his lips and his hand found her breast. 

Jenny pulled away and led Tim into the living room, grabbing the book from the counter. They began to kiss again as soon as they sat on the sofa. Jenny pried her lips from his and said, "Take your clothes off." She saw a surprised look on the young man's face. Then Tim's eyes turn glassy as he stood up and obediently began to take off his shirt. Jenny opened the snap of his jeans and pulled them down and off his feet. As she bent to remove his shoes, she realized she was staring at his throbbing penis under his boxer briefs. She grasped the shaft and moved her hand up and down slowly. 

Tim stood frozen. Little whimpers began to escape his lips as Jenny caressed him. 

Then Jenny quickly pulled his shorts down, freeing his throbbing penis. She watched it bounce in the air as if in slow motion. She could see his heart pumping the blood through the long shaft. The head was already swollen purple and dripping a clear juice. With a moan she leaned forward and took the head into her mouth.

Tim grabbed her head and swayed on his feet. "Oh God," he gasped as his balls began to churn. He had to stop her or risk climaxing, so he reluctantly pulled her mouth from him. 

Jenny looked up at him and realized that she had been lost in the moment. Then she stood up and said, "All right, get on you back with your head on the sofa and put your hands under your ass. I don't want you playing with yourself while I look at my book," Jenny said with surprising force in her voice.

The now very excited young man hurried to comply, placing his legs under the glass coffee table and leaning his head back on the soft overstuffed cushion of the sofa. 

Meanwhile, Jenny unsnapped her jeans and pulled them down. She had to take her high-heels off to get the tight jeans off her feet, but then she put them back on. Now she stood staring at the naked young man, her hands on her hips. She felt sexy as she stood with just her heels, panties, and stretch top still on. 

Tim's eyes grew wide again when he saw her panties. They barely covered her private parts and the crotch was soaked to the point that it was transparent, revealing her pink and swollen lips under the wet material.

"Do you like my panties?" Jenny whispered as she turned around and gave him the rear view. She looked back across her should when she heard him gasp. She saw that his face was a mask of lust and that his penis was throbbing so much that she feared he was going to climax at the sight of her almost naked ass. The white and sheer panties caressed her ass cheeks like a second skin and had ridden high, baring the lower globes. The seam had slipped between her cheeks, emphasizing and separating the two halves of her ass. 

Tim couldn't answer the question. His mouth opened but noting came out. 

"What's the matter has a pussy got you're tongue," Jenny laughed.

Still Tim could not answer. 

Finally Jenny shrugged her shoulders and picked up her book. She turned, straddled him and moved slowly backward until her ass was over his face. Slowly she moved down. A little gasped escaped her lips when her panty-covered ass touched his face. Gently, she sat down, feeling his face slip between her cheeks. As her weight increased, the back of Tim's head sank into the soft cushion. She looked down to make sure he was okay and could see through the glass coffee table that his penis was still throbbing. A large gob of clear juice bubbled from the slit and ran down the shaft. Summons all of her control, Jenny opened the book and began to look at the pictures. She slowly turned the pages, idly scanning the images. However, she couldn't really enjoy the book... Tim's tongue had found her covered crotch and he was licking the already wet gusset. Almost without thinking, she began to move her hips from side to side. She closed her eyes in pleasure and an excited moan escaped her lips.

A minute or two after Jenny had settled down, the ring of her cell phone startled her. At first she wasn't going to answer it. But then she felt a little chill of excitement run through her at the thought of talking to someone on the phone while she was sitting on Tim's face. With a giggle she reached over and picked up the phone from the coffee table. 

"Hello," she said, keeping her voice as steady as she could under the circumstances.

"Hi Jenny, its Erica."

"Erica!" Jenny squealed, almost jumping up in excitement. 

Erica Evans was Jenny's closest friend and they had practically grown up together. They met during the first year of high school and then went to the same college. It was surprising that they had become friends since they were so different physically. Where Jenny was tall at 5' 8" and large boned, Erica was tiny, no more than 5' 1" and weighted just 105 pounds. In high school, some of the kids called them "Mutt and Jeff" from the old cartoon. Erica had brown hair and was well built and rather pretty. However, she disguised that fact buy covering up her body with baggy clothes and unattractive eyeglasses. It was a conscious attempt to look average and not draw attention to herself; like Jenny, she lacked self-confidence. It was one of the things that drew them together. 

For a moment Jenny forgot that she was sitting on Tim's face. When she heard him gasping, she eased her hips upward to let him breath.

"God Jenny it's good to hear your voice." Erica said. "It's been so long. I thought I'd give you a call and let you know that I'm coming to town for a conference. I was hoping we could get together."

"I would love that. You can stay at my place," Jenny said excitedly. It was so unexpected to hear her Erica's voice. Although they talked on the phone occasionally, they hadn't seen each other for several years.

"I don't want to put you out."

"It won't put me out. I have plenty of room. It'll be like college again. I'm so excited."

"So what have you been doing with yourself?" Erica asked.

"Oh God Erica, I have so much to tell you. I got a promotion at work, with a raise and bonus... and I've met a couple of guys recently... one of them is very nice," Jenny said, wiggling her hips to let Tim know that she was talking about him. An unwanted sigh came from her lips.

"What're you doing?" Erica asked when she heard the sigh.

"Just sitting around reading a book," Jenny said with a giggle. She bit her lip, wondering if she should tell Erica what was going on right now. They had made a pact years ago that they would share everything. However, that was a long time ago. Then suddenly Jenny squealed as she felt Tim's tongue on her asshole through the soaked panties. Her breathing was getting heavier.

"Jenny, what is going on?" Erica asked with great curiosity. Then added quickly, "Do you have someone there with you?"

Jenny sighed. "Yes," she whispered.

"Well, I can call you back later if you want," Erica said hesitantly. However, it was obvious from her tone that she really wanted to know what Jenny was doing.

"No," Jenny answered quickly. "Uh... uh... it's just that... well, you're not going to believe this Erica."

"What... come on Jenny what's going on?" she said almost frantically.

Jenny took a deep breath and held it. Her heart was suddenly beating even faster. "I'm sitting on a guy's face," she said in an excited whisper.

"What?" Erica asked, sure she hadn't heard her correctly.

"I'm sitting on a guy's face," she repeated.

Erica gasped loudly. 

After a long pause, Jenny asked, "Are you still there?" 

Finally the shocked woman found her voice and said, "You're kidding me right?"

"No I'm not." Jenny suddenly wanted to shock Erica. While they had always been good friends, there was a bit of competitive nature between the two of them. Now she wanted her best friend to know that she had blossomed. "His head is on the sofa and I'm sitting on his face. But I still have my panties on" she added with a giggle. 

"I don't believe you," Erica said defiantly, as if challenging her to prove it.

With an unseen smile, Jenny lifted up and placed the phone close to Tim's mouth and said loud enough for Erica to hear, "Say hello to my best friend Erica."

Tim was startled to hear Jenny saying something to him. He had heard bits and pieces of the conversation but was too busy to pay much attention. "Uh... hi Erica," he whispered breathlessly.

Jenny lifted to phone and said, "Do you believe me now?"

There was silence on the other end of the line.

"Listen, I'll call you tomorrow from my office and tell you all about it. Right now, I have to go." She gasped as Tim began to suck her swollen lips through her panties. Jenny said a quick goodbye and hung up the phone. She giggled again as she envisioned the shock on her friend's face. It was mean to hang up so abruptly but she would explain everything tomorrow. 

Jenny sat on Tim's willing face for a long time, letting him continue to suck her panties. On occasion she would lift up to make sure that he could still breathe. She also watched his still throbbing penis as a steady stream of juice ran down the shaft. 

Suddenly she wanted to feel his mouth on her bare and very swollen sex lips. She lifted up and quickly stripped off her panties. When she looked down she saw that Tim's eyes were closed and there was a strange look on his face. She straddled him again and backed up, opening her legs wide and sat down, forcing her wet sex onto his willing mouth. "Eat me," she gasped. A second later she screamed as the young man's tongue slipped into her. With that, Jenny began to bounce up and down, forcing Tim's tongue in and out of her wet hole. Her juice was literally running out of her and dripping down the sides of his cheeks. "Oh Godddddd!!!" she gasped as a strong climax rushed through her. It started in her toes and shot up her body, exploding in her head. She had to reach down and balance herself on her hands or risk falling to the floor as waves of ecstasy rushed up and down her body. 

Strangely when the last tremor went through her, she found that she was still excited. She lifted up and looked down at Tim's wet face. His eyes were open, but he had a blank stare. Jenny surprised herself when she turned and straddled his face again, this time facing the back of the sofa. She placed her knees close to the boy's ears and reached for his head. Her fingers intertwined in his hair and she pulled his mouth toward her still throbbing pussy. At the same time she forced herself down on him again. "Eat my cunt," she screamed as she harshly pulled the poor boy's mouth to her vagina. Within seconds she was delirious with excitement and rapidly losing control again. She was literally fucking his face, bouncing up and down with abandon, without concern for the almost drowning boy beneath her. Through lust fogged eyes she looked down and could only see the top of his forehead and hair. His nose and mouth were completely buried in her sex. She began to climax again. The world began to spin out of control as the pleasure went on and on.

Finally, the exhausted woman collapsed, falling to the side and freeing the boy's face.

Neither of them moved for some time. When Jenny opened her eyes she saw that Tim was still in the same position. His face was a mess and juice was dripping from his chin to his chest and trickling down to his stomach. His eyes were closed. 

As Jenny's eyes scanned down his body, she gasped. There was more than just her juice on his stomach. Tim had climaxed. His cream was splattered across his stomach and it was still drooling from his shrinking penis. She wondered if he had jerked off but then saw that his hands were still behind his back. He had climaxed from her sitting on his face. She relaxed back onto the sofa with a satisfied smile. 

Jenny turned on the shower and adjusted the spray. Then she held her hand out to Tim. As they both stepped into the steaming spray Jenny reached for the soap. A minute later they were both giggling like kids as Tim lathered Jenny's breasts and she did the same to his groin. 

"I love your tits," Tim said as he ran his now slippery hands around the two large orbs.

Jenny felt his penis begin to harden in her hands. "Do you want to fuck them?"

Tim's eyes grew large. "Can I?" Tim asked excitedly.

"Sure," Jenny said as she slipped to her knees in the tub. Then she wrapped her soap-covered breasts around Tim's equally soapy penis.

Tim moaned and began to move his hips back and forth, forcing his penis between her breasts. 

Jenny watched as the large head appeared and then disappeared between her cleavage. She lifted one breast and then the other, rubbing the slick skin along the sides of his shaft. Soon she was moving both breasts up and down rapidly. A giggle slipped from her lips as the action caused the soap bubbles to fill her cleavage. Then, when she heard Tim moan excitedly, she glanced up and saw that his head was thrown back in pleasure. When she looked down again she saw his clear juice streaming from the open slit and mixing with the soapy froth. Suddenly her excitement grew to match his. "Yes, fuck my tits," she gasped.

Tim wasn't listening. His hips were already rocking back and forth. Then he suddenly grabbed Jenny's shoulders and humped his hips rapidly, forcing his shaft back and forth in a blur. "Oh Jesus," he gasped as his penis throbbed and began to squirt his cum from the swollen head.

Jenny squealed in delight as a long stream of juice streaked from the opening, hitting her in the face. A second streak followed immediately, splattering on her chin. Then another and another until her entire face was covered with his semen. Some of it hung in ropes from her chin before slowly dropping to her breasts.
