 Author's note - this is chapter two of an ongoing story. To get to know the characters better, read the chapters in order :)

***

I sat at my small desk at work, going through some routine clean-up work on the company databases. Unlike every other time I had performed this mind-numbing task, I had a smile on my face. Asta had given me another blowjob this morning before I left for work. The memory of her mouth around my cock, and the thought of my new 'job' as her disciple, were keeping me going through my usually mundane work day.

Melissa, one of my co-workers, came over to check on me. I quickly pulled my mind out of the gutter. Melissa was known for her low-cut tops, and her tendency to lean over to talk to you if you were sitting down working. She had quite a reputation, having apparently slept with most of the guys (and some of the girls) on our floor. Not me, of course - for the couple of years I'd known her I'd been as unlucky as ever. But still, we were friends, and I appreciated our conversations. Even if she did always leave me hard from my few sly glances at her cleavage.

"Hey, John!" Melissa said, brightly. "Working hard?"

My typical, jokey response would be "hardly working!", but I'd actually got quite a lot done today. Having something to look forward to was making the work a breeze. "For once, yeah," I said to Melissa. She reached my desk and leant on it, bending over to look at my screen.

Melissa was certainly attractive. Her brown hair was curled slightly, and always in a style somewhere between up and down. She wasn't what you'd call skinny, but not exactly fat either - she had a classic, curvy figure. She was tall as well, which complimented her curves. Her thick waist flared into wide hips and a perky bulge of an ass. But those tits. My god. Or should I now say "my goddess"?

Melissa's skin was tanned - all over, I presumed, from the golden tone of the two mounds that she had today squeezed into a tight blouse. The material was just see-through enough to make out the shape of her bra. I was no expert, but I was sure her bras were custom-made. Each great, golden globe was the size of my head, or bigger. Her buttons were undone almost halfway down the blouse, exposing a great valley of her trademark cleavage to the world. I tried my best not to look.

"Wow, John. You're actually doing some work." Melissa smiled playfully at me. "Can I take this to mean you're getting your life together?"

I smiled back. I think it might have been the first time I'd ever smiled whilst at work. "You could say that, Mel. What about you, you busy?"

"Me? Oh, no, I was just about to head out, actually." She paused, a thoughtful look on her face. "Or did you mean am i busy after work?"

I was just about to answer no - we'd hung out together a few times before, but I was sure to be busy with whatever Asta needed me to do that evening. But just as I was about to speak, Melissa froze. I mean, she actually froze, completely still. I looked around, panicking. The whole room seemed to have stopped. The clouds outside the window were still.

There was a sudden flash of golden light, and Asta appeared.

"Asta! It's you. I was getting worried for a bit."

The goddess grinned at me. "Hi John! Yeah, just thought I'd give you a warning so you didn't freak out when you saw me. I'm not really here - it's like Violet earlier. I'm in your mind, kind of. Only you can see or hear me. Just remember that. Now, I'll just start things up again -"

"Wait!" I said. Asta looked at me. "Why are you here at all?" I asked.

"I could sense a spike in your arousal. Plus, there's a fair bit of pent-up sexual energy coming from your friend there," Asta said, gesturing at Melissa.

"From Melissa?" Did she... like me?

"Yep! So I figured I'd guide you through the courting process, since you're not exactly skilled in that department."

"Um, I, uh... thanks. I think."

"Don't mention it. You're my disciple, after all." Asta winked, and there was a golden flash as time restarted.

A pause. "Well?" Melissa said.

"Hm?" I said. "Oh right! Erm, actually..." I looked over Melissa's shoulder and saw Asta nodding frantically. "Yeah. I was wondering if you were free later."

Melissa smiled. "Oh, cool. Yeah, I could hang out. What are we doing? Playing some Mario Kart?"

Asta looked at me, shaking her head and smiling. "Tell her you're taking her out for dinner tonight. Your treat."

I repeated what Asta had said to Melissa. She looked surprised, but not in a bad way.

"Oh!" said Melissa. "Ok, then. Yeah, that sounds... wonderful." Her smile widened. "Well, you can pick me up this evening then?"

"Eight!" said Asta, and again I repeated her words.

"Great," said Melissa. Was she blushing a little? "I'll see you then." She walked off, leaving me confused and, frankly, still a little hard from my peek at her cleavage.

"Come on home then," said Asta, beginning to fade away into the air. "You need to get ready."

My familiar walk back home took less time than usual. It seemed like I had a literal spring in my step. Me and Melissa... on a date? Her reputation as a bit of a slut flashed into my mind. I wasn't sure how I felt about it. I liked her a lot, but could we be in a real relationship? Was that even what she had in mind? In any case, I thought, shrugging to myself, sex with her will generate some Currency for Asta.

Later that evening I walked round to Melissa's in the only suit I owned. I would've liked to have been able to swing by in a cool car and pick her up, but seeing as how I didn't own a car, and didn't drive, we would be taking hers. Asta had, apparently, made us a reservation at a swanky restaurant up in town. The food had all been ordered and paid for up front. I wondered how she had paid for it. Did Currency work like real money as well?

I knocked soundly on Melissa's door, and waited for her footsteps to reach me. The door swung open, and so did my mouth.

She looked incredible. None of the showy make-up or overly sexual clothes she walked around the office in - she wore a simple, if fairly short, black dress, and I wondered whether she was wearing any make-up at all. The short skirt of the dress revealed that her slightly chubby, but shapely legs were as golden brown as the rest of her. The dress, uncharacteristically, didn't display any cleavage, but the bulge of her chest was unmistakable as it stretched the black material, and somehow just as sexy. She beamed at me.

"You look... stunning, Mel," I managed to say.

"Aw, thanks, Johnny," she said. "You scrub up pretty well yourself."

There was a slightly awkward pause. I found myself wishing I had Asta here, telling me what to say, but then Melissa spoke. "Shall we go?"

I nodded, and took her arm as we walked down to her car. Maybe I would be just fine without Asta.

The date went incredibly. We talked the entire time, and I learnt things about Melissa I'd never guessed to be true. For one, the rumours about her promiscuous sex life were all false. "That was Mark Hutcherson. I turned him down and he started saying the reason I dress the way I do is because I have some game going of trying to bone everyone in the office."

"So why do you dress the way you do?" I asked. I immediately began worrying the question might be taken the wrong way. "I mean, I like it. The way you dress. You're..." I smiled at her. "You've always been beautiful."

She blushed and smiled back. "Thank you, John. I guess I wear all those tight skirts and low-cut tops because... well, I don't really know why. I just like them. I think I look good in them, and that makes me feel good."

"You do look good in them," I assured her. "But I think you look even better tonight. If that were possible."

The conversation changed subjects, from her family (two sisters, she was the oldest) to her hobbies (she played the piano), until by the time the meal was over I felt like I knew everything about her. It was so easy talking to her. We'd never had a real conversation before - we'd chatted in the office, and she'd come to my place a few times to play video games, or I to hers to watch a movie. But this was like getting to know a whole other person to my casual work friend. I liked this side of Melissa. She was fun, relaxed, interesting.

Throughout the evening, Melissa seemed to take any opportunity to reach across and touch my arm, or brush her hand against mine as she reached for something. The more wine we ordered, the more frequent these moments of contact got. Every time we touched, it was like a jolt of static between us. I began reaching over to her myself, until I was stroking her bare arm, her tanned skin soft to the touch. I looked her in her deep, brown eyes, and watched as her lower lip quivered ever so slightly. She bit it.

Attempting to be the cliched gentleman at the end of the night, I offered to walk her home. She reminded me that she'd driven us here, but laughed and offered me a lift instead. She'd been drinking, I reminded her, but she assured me she was under the limit. She hadn't had all that much, I realised looking back. Where had all the wine gone? My head swan as I stood up, and I realised. Melissa led me to her car, laughing, and we drove away. When she pulled the car up, however, we had arrived at her place.

Melissa turned to me. I tried, oh how I tried, not to look at the way her seatbelt was pressed into her dress in the space between her two massive breasts, stretching the fabric tighter still across them and defining their glorious, round shape.

"Do you... want to come inside?" she asked. Her voice was low, quiet, sensual. The double entendre was heavily implied.

I looked at her, sitting there. My casual friend, who had suddenly become a closer friend, and who was now inviting me to be closer still. Somehow, despite the raging hard-on I held in my pants, and my knowledge that I would be doing this for Asta as well, it didn't quite feel right.

"I think maybe we might be going a bit fast. Also," I said, slurring my words, "I think I'm quite drunk."

Melissa laughed quietly, nodding. "You're right, John. I'm sorry."

"No!" I said. "Don't be. I had a great time. You're..." I stared into her brown eyes. "You're pretty fucking fantastic, Mel."

Melissa smiled at me. "You too, Johnny. Come on, let's get you home."

"Home!" I yelled, waving my arm in the general direction of my house.

The only other thing I remember from that night is Melissa kissing me on the cheek, and then the warmth of my bed as I fell asleep.

I was woken up the next morning by Asta hitting me in the face with a pillow.

"Wha- Ow! Asta!"

"What - were - you - thinking?!" The goddess punctuated each word with a whack from the pillow. "You - were - meant - to - fuck - her!"

"Asta, please," I said, fending off her attack. "It just... it didn't happen. It didn't seem right."

"Right? You weren't too concerned with right when I showed up naked in your shower and sucked your cock! You weren't thinking about what was right when you fucked the living daylights out of Violet!" Asta stopped the assault, panting heavily and dropping the pillow. "You're my disciple now, John. Your job is to generate my Currency. I'm a sex goddess, and that mean you need to be fucking any slut you can."

"Mel isn't a slut!" I said, defensively. "She's... pretty great, actually."

The corner of Asta's mouth turned slightly up. "You like her, huh?"

"Well, yeah," I said. I did like Melissa. More than I'd thought I did.

"Well, fine. Take it slow with Melissa," Asta said. "But not too slow. Mama needs her sugar. In the meantime," Asta said, pacing around my room, "we need to find you someone else to fuck."

"Erm, Asta... if me and Melissa are going out now, I don't know how comfortable I am with -"

Asta picked up the pillow and whacked me again. "Agh! John, when will you learn? You work for me now. This is your job. Your life." She sighed. "If she means that much to you, I'll do what I can to sort things out. Now, as I was saying. In the meantime, you need someone to fuck."

"...Violet?" I suggested. The memory of that pale nymphomaniac bouncing up and down on my shaft was a very pleasant one.

Asta shook her head sadly. "If I keep using Currency to bring Violet back temporarily, I won't be able to save up enough to bring her back permanently. Not to mention my other two handmaidens. No, This mission will need to require minimum Currency expenditure. Maybe you could make the move on Melissa?"

I shrugged. "Maybe... I'd like to wait until it feels right."

"Yes, yes, fine," said Asta, still pacing around my room. She snapped her fingers in a 'eureka' moment. A golden spark flew from her hand. "I've got it! You can fuck another goddess."

"A... another goddess?" My mind spun with the possible implications of what she had said.

"Yeah! I've got a few friends I'm sure would be up for a quickie with one of my disciples. Especially if it meant helping me out."

"I thought having sex with you couldn't generate as much energy as with humans?" I asked.

"That's just me specifically," explained Asta. "I can't generate Currency for myself. But fucking another goddess will work. It might even work better than fucking a human!"

I shrugged. I felt a little guilty for Melissa, but we weren't officially a couple yet, and the prospect of doing my disciple's duties with one of Asta's sexy goddess girlfriends was a mouth-watering proposition. "Let's do it," I said.

Asta winked. "Won't be the first time you'll be saying that today."

She sucked me off quickly before I went to work for a small burst of Currency. That was a routine I could get used to.

Work went by quickly again. Melissa was friendly and talkative, just as she had been last night. She even half-jokingly scolded me for looking at her cleavage when she leaned over at my desk. I wondered how many times she'd caught me before. Maybe it had turned her on. We had lunch together, and arranged a second date for next week. I walked home with that spring in my step, and as I unlocked my door and stepped inside, I had almost forgotten about Asta's plan.

There were two women sitting in my kitchen. One was Asta, wearing nothing but a pink, lacy bra that pushed her already considerable tits into two perfect mounds. Her bare pussy was on full display as she spread her legs.

The other woman was new. She was tall, I could tell even as she was sitting down - maybe even my height. Her skin was the slightly darkened white of a southern European country. That and her straight, shapely nose made me think of Greece. Her hair was dark, very nearly black, and cascaded in ringlets around her shoulders. She wore a simple white linen dress, tied with a rough rope belt at the waist, which flowed over her slender body. The dress left her toned, muscular arms bare, and a promising swell at her chest hinted at a fine pair of breasts. The dress ended mid-thigh, and, like Asta, she sat with her legs apart, revealing just a tease of wildly curly, black pubic hair to my gaze. I looked back up to her face. She was pretty, in a refined, elegant sort of way. I could see that face being immortalised in a statue somewhere, her toned body lovingly recreated in white marble.

"John, welcome home. This is Helena. She's a very dear friend of mine. Helena, this is my disciple, John."

Helena did not smile, but nodded politely. "It's nice to meet you, John. Well, Asta, I think I had better be going."

Asta's face fell. "But Lena, that... thing we discussed? I could really use your help."

Helena shook her head. "I'm sorry, Asta. You'll have to find someone else."

"This thing you're talking about," I interjected. "You mean sex? Helena is the goddess you asked to sleep with me?"

Asta nodded. "Come on, Lena. He's one hell of a fuck. Violet loved her time with him."

Helena looked at her friend sadly. "While I certainly wouldn't mind making love with this man," she said, casting an eye over me and inflating my ego just a bit, "I'm not sure he will be willing. You know, perhaps better than anyone, that my desires are deep... and strange."

My cock stiffened at the idea that Asta knew about Helena's desires 'better than anyone'. "What do you mean, strange?" I asked, curious.

The slightest blush of pink came across Helena's cheek. Her cheekbones seemed even more elegant and defined in that instant. "I am an old goddess, disciple John. I have grown tired over the years, tired of standard sexual practices. I am, as your people would deem it, somewhat... 'kinky'."

As her delicate, polite voice uttered those words, I felt my cock begin to strain against my jeans. "Helena," I said, reassuringly, "I'm sure whatever fantasies you have, they won't be too strange for me. Whatever your wishes, I would be happy... fuck, I'd be overjoyed to be able to make love to a goddess as beautiful as you."

Asta smiled proudly at me. Helena surveyed me, warily. "You are sure, disciple John? You promise?"

"I do. Whatever kink you might have, I'm sure I've seen worse, or better, rather, on the Internet."

"Hm," said Helena. "Your goddess Asta also spoke fondly of this Internet. Perhaps it deserves my attention." Asta grinned at me. I heard her voice in my head: "I found your favourites list, John. I've been fingering myself to that stuff all day!" The mental image caused my cock to bulge visibly against my trousers. Helena surveyed the bulge as she contemplated her options.

"Very well," she said. "You may come with me, to my domain. There, we shall make love. I shall ensure all the Currency you generate shall go directly to your goddess. Not that I can use sexual energy anyway." She stood, brushing some fluff off her immaculate white gown. She was truly statuesque when standing. The curve of her breasts jutted out magnificently from her slender, muscular frame, and I noticed she also had one hell of an ass. Her short dress could barely contain it, and it rode up so high that a hint of the undercurve of her asscheeks was visible. The bulge in my pants was now painful.

Helena turned to me, the same politely serious expression on her face. "The deal is done. Come with me, disciple John." She held out a hand and I took it, as the room around us seemed to melt away into blackness. The last thing I saw was Asta, clad in only that pink bra, giving me a double thumbs-up. As the dark surrounded us, I spoke.

"What kind of goddess are you, then?" I asked Helena.

She stroked my hand lightly in hers, and smiled for the first time. "A death goddess," she said.

My heart sank as a rush of wind began swirling around us. The gust became so strong I had to close my eyes, and when I opened them, I was standing in a huge, empty room. The floors were white stone, the distant walls the same, the cavernous ceiling held up by a series of tall pillars. Flaming torches flickered in brackets along the wall, illuminating the hall-like space in a reddish glow. Beside them hung displays of various weapons -curved blades glinting in the firelight. A huge, flat bed sat in the centre of the room, surrounded by several large, ceramic pots, the kind you only ever saw in pieces at museum exhibits.

Helena, the death goddess, stood beside me. "Come, John. I shall show you what my heart desires."

"Erm, Helena?" I said, nervously. "What... exactly is this fetish of yours?"

Helena's eyes flashed with anger. "You made a deal, disciple John. To make love to me in whatever manner I desire."

"Right..." I said, beginning to panic as Helena led me towards the bed. "It's just... that was before I knew you were a death goddess."

"You are prejudiced against my kind?" The anger in Helena's voice grew.

"No!" I said. "No, not at all. I've never even met a death goddess before. It's just... when we do have sex, I'd prefer to be... alive."
