 Part two of my second story which features the not-so-innocent Jenny. As always your comments are much appreciated as they are what inspire me to keep writing.

------------------------------------------

Jake left the room and I was left with Jenny lying prostrate on the floor in front of me, panting heavily. I gazed down at her beautiful form, across her long legs and slim hips, and up over her arched back to her tangled hair. She was gorgeous. Gorgeous and naked. Gorgeous and naked, and with a load of our cum in each end of her body.

And the night was young.

Jenny looked up at me and smiled. I smiled back. I sat down beside her and ran my hands across her firm arse, then up across her ribs till I reached her tits. I cupped one gently and rubbed my finger across the hard nipple.

"You like my boobs?" Jenny asked coyly.

"Oh yeah" I replied.

"Do you want to fuck them?" she asked brazenly.

I tried to contain myself.

"Oh yeah!" I leered.

She leant across my legs and reached out for my dick which although hardening rapidly was only semi-erect.

"Think you'll need to be harder than that" she teased, and rubbed my dick across her face as she looked up at me. As the remains of my cum from her earlier blow-job were smeared across her cheek, my dick reached full length. God she was hot.

With my dick hard in her hands she was ready, and I moved back onto the edge of the couch as she sat on her heels in front of me.

"Are you ready?" she asked rhetorically as she cupped her pert breasts and held them around my cock. The feeling of her soft tits around me was fantastic, and as she began to bounce her boobs up and down I let out a little moan of pleasure.

"Mmm yeah" she murmured, "you like that? You like my tits around your dick?"

I couldn't answer but gritted my teeth and enjoyed the sensations. Jenny flicked her hair away from her face and her eyes met mine. She batted her eyelids innocently as if to say "who me – I'd never let anyone fuck my tits" – and I'd have believed her too if it wasn't for the fact that I was doing the fucking.

As we sat there, joined at her chest, Jake returned and I looked up to see where he'd been. The answer was in his hands – red light blinking.

A camcorder. Interesting...

What would Jenny think of this development? I think the alcohol had stopped any thought of modesty now – she just looked at it and laughed, throwing her head back. Jake winked at me, and took on the role of director in our hot little movie.

As I thrust between Jenny's pretty breasts, Jake panned the camera down from her face to her chest for a close up of her delicious tit-wank. My cock was leaking pre-cum and – ever the star – Jenny shot out her tongue and lapped it up.

As Jake moved round for a wider shot of her in action I grabbed at her smooth shoulders and then slid my hand to her face. She licked her lips and took my finger into her mouth, sucking at it softly, reminding me of how my dick had felt in there earlier.

I leaned her backwards till she was on her back on the floor – her feet still underneath her and her knees bent. I was now straddling her tits, with my dick pressed in the shallow valley between them, pumping back and forwards. 

As she continued to slide her boobs around my cock my right hand slid back down her legs and then in between them searching for the juicy lips of her pussy.

I found them – they were still dripping wet and I slid a finger between them. The slick folds of her cunt parted as I began to finger fuck her and she shuddered in pleasure. As Jake moved in to capture this new side of the action I slid a second finger inside her – stretching her slightly wider. 

"Mmmm yeah..." she mewled.

"You like that?" - I imitated her earlier questioning.

"Mmmm" she sighed as my fingers slipped in and out. 

Jake whispered in my ear – "wipe them on her face."

The idea hadn't crossed my mind but I loved it. I removed my wet fingers from her cunt and wiped them across her right cheek – she blushed in humiliation but continued to wank my dick between her tits as I smeared her own juices over her face.

Interested to see how far she'd go I traced my fingers down to her lips and pressed against them. She grimaced slightly but her lips parted and she took my fingers inside her mouth.

She'd go far...

Jake was loving every minute of this degraded act and was recording it all for posterity.

I could feel the cum boiling in my balls now and returned my hand to her moist cunt. I wanted her to be cumming when I did.

My middle finger searched out her clit and I began to rub it softly in a circular motion. She let out another sigh and ground her thighs together against my hand. 

With each thrust against her chest the tip of my dick pressed out from between them and up to her chin. It gave Jake an idea.

"Lick his dick at the same time" Jake directed.

Jenny looked at him and then followed his order, and each time it came within reach Jenny stuck her tongue out and rubbed it over the throbbing purple head. Oh that felt good.

I threw my head back and pumped harder as my fingers teased her clit. Her breathing was laboured now and she began to whimper again as her pussy responded to my touch.

Jake lingered on a beautiful close-up of her face as it contorted in ecstasy, before switching to one of mine as I neared my own orgasm. I was still determined to hold on until I made her cum first.

Jenny was panting out heavily now, and the erotic little noises she was making were turning me on even more. I could feel the cum begin to rise inside me and desperately circled her clit faster and faster.

As Jake returned the camera to Jenny's end of the action she began to shake as her second orgasm of the night washed over her. Her neck craned and her eyes closed as her mouth hung open - and then I was cumming myself as I pumped her heaving tits. The first shot sprayed across her chin and splashed into her panting mouth which she closed instinctively. The second was between her tits and cum leaked out from between them, pooling down across her flat stomach.

"Oh yeah" Jake cried out as I pumped a final time and spurted my last spray of cum across her pretty little face and into her hair. She gasped out as the final throes of orgasm shook her and I slipped my fingers out from between her legs.

As I sat backwards and squeezed her breast, wiping my fingers on the soft flesh, Jake panned the camera down across her body taking in the trail of semen across her flushed face and her heaving chest sticky with my cum and hers. He ended the shot passing down over her curly pubic hair and then lingering on her juicy cunt.

As Jenny regained her composure she closed her legs in embarrassment.

"Oi!" she protested – a smile on her face 

"What?" asked Jake innocently as he passed the camera to me...

----------------------------------------

Please let me know what you think of the story so far - and all ideas for future chapters are very welcome.