 Author's Note: I'd just like to thank everyone for the phenomenal response to this story. I was unsure whether people would take to my first story here, but the number of you lovely people who have read, rated and commented on these past few chapters has been incredible. Last time I checked, Chapter Three was in the top 20 rated Group Sex stories on the site! Thank you all for being so welcoming. There is definitely more to come from John and the girls, so stay tuned!

A reminder that this is a longform story, with character development and so forth. For a better experience, try reading from the beginning :)

***

I walked the large, white halls of the palace that was once my flat, completely naked and absent-mindedly stroking my cock. As much as I loved what Asta had done, the fact that we now had what seemed like a whole world to ourselves within the walls of my tiny apartment, I was still finding it difficult to remember where everything was. I was sure this was the second hallway. Which meant the kitchen was... here? No, wait...

I kept walking, smiling to myself. I realised I hadn't been to work in a few days. I tried to care, but I really couldn't. The main reason I ever went to work, Melissa, was currently lying on one of the many beds in this place, her pussy leaking my cum out onto the sheets after yet another intense sex session. It was something about this place, some side effect of Asta's magic - we were all constantly horny.

I opened a door to check if it was indeed the kitchen. A cloud of hot steam greeted me, and I spluttered. I peered into the mist. This was a bathroom. White marble floors, vines growing up the walls, a display of sex toys Asta had put up by a window. I wondered for a second about the view beyond that window. Green, rolling hills. Where exactly were we?

I traced the steam to its source, and all thoughts of windows left my mind. Asta was standing underneath a huge statue that depicted two naked women, both larger than life. One woman was kneeling, her hands exploring the lower body of the second woman, who stood, nearly ten feet tall, and held a large jug over one shoulder, carved of the same white stone as the rest of the statue. From the jug poured a constant flow of steaming water into the tiled pool below, where Asta was. It was a shower.

Like the stone woman, Asta wasn't alone. Violet knelt beside her in the water, mirroring the poses of the statue, her hands rubbing soap all over Asta's body. The two of them turned as I entered. I noticed Violet had a strip of white cloth around her mouth.

"John! Would you like to join us? Violet's been a naughty girl. I caught her in here trying to stuff as many of my toys as she could into herself. So she's washing me as punishment. And she's not allowed to talk, are you, whore?"

Violet shook her head, mumbling through the cloth that covered her mouth.

"Although," Asta continued, thoughtfully, as Violet continued rubbing her soapy hands up and down her legs, "I'm not sure how she's going to eat me out with that thing on. Hm. I may not have thought this through." She seemed to notice me again. "Oh, yes. John. What can I do for you?"

"Oh, I was looking for the kitchen."

Asta smiled. "Nearest one is across the hall."

I smiled back, stealing another glance at the beautiful vision before me as I left. Then I remembered something else.

"Oh, one more thing," I said, coming back into the room. "Yesterday... or a few days ago, whenever it was."

"Time flies," said Asta, fondly.

"Yeah... well, you said you'd gotten something with your Currency. You were going to tell me what it was, and we got... distracted."

Asta's eyes lit up. "Oh! Of course! You haven't met her yet, have you?"

"...Her?" I asked.

Asta smiled her mischievous smile. "My third handmaiden."

I left the room again, my mind buzzing. Sure, I'd have loved to join Asta and Violet in their shower. But the idea of this new, third handmaiden had my cock hardening already. What would she be like? I decided to look for her among the maze-like halls of our new palace. But first, the kitchen. I wasn't that hungry, but I couldn't remember the last time I ate. I didn't want to waste away from all the constant fucking. Actually, as I thought about it... that didn't sound like a bad way to go.

I crossed the wide, spacious hall, and entered the room Asta had told me was the kitchen. It was one of the smaller rooms, with a simple, modern oven and sink, all standard kitchen-y stuff. There also appeared to be a bed in the corner. Of course there was. There were beds everywhere.

Rosa stood at the sink, washing a pile of plates. I hadn't really seen the gorgeous, dark-skinned handmaiden since I'd first met her. I'd been too busy, let's see... fucking Melissa, then Asta and Melissa, then Melissa again, then Violet, then Asta and Violet, then Melissa again... then Melissa again... I began to lose track.

And then I really lost track when I saw what Rosa was wearing. It was an apron. Nothing fancy, no different from the kind of apron you'd find in any other kitchen - at least from what I could see from behind her. Except this apron was the only thing she was wearing. Tied tightly behind her back, the cloth covered her from the front - but it wasn't the front I was looking at. Rosa's curls fell across her shoulders, the smooth skin of her back reaching down to where the apron was tied, just above her ass. That ass. Two great, round globes of deep brown, sticking out proudly as Rosa leant forward over the sink. Beneath her butt, two thick, soft legs, and in the space between them, the tiniest peek of her pussy. Rosa had a body like Asta's - as if it were possible for even one such body to exist in the first place. She was curvy and soft and beautiful. And she was standing right there.

"Oh, hi, Rosa," I said. "I just came for some food..."

She didn't turn around as she spoke. "We haven't fucked yet, have we, John?"

"N-no," I said.

She turned around. It was not a normal apron. The garment was white and lacy, looking more like lingerie than anything. A deep, plunging neckline revealed Rosa's glorious cleavage, and clung to those globes like spandex. The fabric was tight all over, covering her slightly pudgy stomach like a second skin, and then stopping just above her crotch, where I could see her pussy had a fine triangle of dark hair just above it.

"I hope I haven't disappointed you in any way," Rosa said.

I laughed out loud. I couldn't help it. The idea that the vision of a woman who stood in front of me could disappoint anyone was absurd. "No, Rosa. You haven't disappointed me, not at all. I've just been... busy."

Rosa smiled. "Of course. You have an important job. I shouldn't be so selfish."

"Selfish?"

"I suppose I wanted you for myself. But it's your choice who you want to fuck."

I suddenly remembered that I was completely naked. Rosa had been talking to me in that calm, warm voice of hers, looking me in the eye the whole time; it had felt like a normal conversation. But of course, I was naked, and my penis was nearly fully erect at the sight of the beauty before me.

"You're right, it is my choice, Rosa. And I'd very much like to fuck you."

Rosa smiled sweetly. That smile. I remembered the first time I'd seen her smile, when I met her, and the warmth that had spread through me. There were few sights in the world more perfect than those lips forming an expression of happiness.

"Then by all means," she said, turning back round and bending over the sink, sticking that round ass high in the air.

I didn't need telling twice. I stepped forward, my cock swinging in front of me, and placed a hand on the warm, smooth skin of Rosa's buttcheek. She exhaled slowly. I stroked her, massaging and kneading the flesh of her ass with my fingers. My second hand soon joined in. Maybe her ass was bigger than Asta's...

I gripped each cheek firmly, and spread them apart. Her pussy lips were thick, and prominent with arousal, though not yet wet. The tight, puckered star of her asshole stood out darker against her dark skin.

"You may use me as you wish, master," Rosa said.

Something about the way she said it didn't feel right. In fact, through the whole conversation, it had been like she was holding something back. Not like the confident woman who had strode up to me and complimented my cock five seconds after meeting me. "Master?" I said. "I expect that from Violet, but I didn't think you were that sort of girl."

"I..." Rosa started. "I live to serve my mistress, and her disciples."

"Rosa. Listen to me." I took her by the shoulders and turned her round to face me. Good goddess, she was beautiful. She looked up at me with those big, pale blue eyes. "I'm fine doing that stuff with Violet. That's what she's into. And Asta likes it hard, and Mel... well, Mel's different. But when I'm with you, I want to be with you. You're not just walking vaginas to me, you know? I want to make you feel good too. You don't have to do the submissive act - if it is an act."

Rosa looked up at me, and smiled again. That smile could melt me. And this time, it seemed all the more genuine. Me and Asta had that spark between us, and Melissa and I could look at each other and it was like we were looking into each other's souls. And for the first time, I felt something a little like that with Rosa.

"Thank you, John," she said. "The mistress, she doesn't always -"

"Hey," I said. "I'm not Asta. Now. How are we going to do this?"

Rosa took my hand, never breaking eye contact, and led me over to the bed. Of course you put a bed in the kitchen, Asta. For situations just like this one.

Rosa sat down on the bed, and patted the mattress net to her. I sat down beside her, and she clasped my hands in hers.

"You really want to do this... my way?" she asked.

"Of course," I said. "Trust me, whatever it is. I've fucked a syrup-coated death goddess, Rosa, I'm easy."

Rosa laughed quietly. So sweet and beautiful. I couldn't help but reach over and brush a curl of hair out of her face.

"Well," said Rosa. "Don't get me wrong, I love being submissive. I love being taken, and just fucked senseless. I'd really, really like to do that with you some time. But for our first time... I don't know. It's dumb."

"No, it's not," I assured her.

Rosa smiled nervously. "I guess I'm something of a romantic. You know, taking it slow, kissing, all of that crap. I want to be like Violet, I really do, but I'd like... I'd like to make love to you first. Is that weird?"

I laughed. "No, that sounds wonderful. And it's perfectly natural to be turned on by both those things. The romantic, lovemaking stuff, and the submissive stuff."

"And you, John," Rosa said. "What do you like?"

The question threw me a bit. I'd been having so much sex recently, and so little before I met Asta, that I'd never really had time to think about what it was that really turned me on. I thought of the kinds of porn I liked to watch and read, but that was all pretty standard stuff.

"I guess..." I said, slowly. "I guess that... I like it when the woman likes it. I think what I'm 'into' is making sure that she - that you - are having fun."

Rosa smiled at me again. She had to stop doing that, my heart was about to burst. "That's really sweet, John. I can see why the mistress was drawn to you."

"Oh, no," I said. "It was all luck really, how we met. You see -"

Rosa stopped me with a squeeze of my hand. "You know," she said, "there are sex gods, and death gods, and gods of wealth and harvest and music. But there are other forces too. Forces even the gods don't fully understand. I think maybe you and my mistress were destined to meet."

I had never believed in destiny, or fate, or any of that. But hey, I had never believed in goddesses with double-D tits. "Maybe you're right, Rosa."

"I usually am." She winked at me. "Now. You said that what makes you happy is when the woman you're with is happy?"

"Yeah," I said. "And don't worry. I'm totally into all that romantic stuff." I leaned in and kissed her lightly on the cheek as she giggled. She stopped, looked into my eyes, and I kissed her on the lips.

It was intended as a playful tease, but that first kiss must have lasted at least five minutes. Her lips, those lips that smiled so beautifully, were full and warm and soft like none I'd kissed before. Not even Melissa's. We both stuck out our tongues, exploring each other's mouths wetly and loudly, our movements becoming more and more voracious as our hands found each other's bodies. Her hands stroked my chest, and mine quickly did the same to her, feeling those wonderfully round, full breasts for the first time. She moaned into my mouth as I gave them a firm squeeze. Eventually, we pulled away. Rosa was breathing heavily, her huge chest rising and falling, threatening to burst from the confines of her skin-tight apron-lingerie.

Rosa looked at me, panting. "Yeah," she said.

I knew exactly what she meant. "Yeah," I said in reply.

"There's, um... there's something else I was going to say, before you... you know. Kissed me."

"I'm sorry," I said. "I interrupted you."

"No!" she said, a little louder than she had perhaps intended. "No, it was... wow. It was amazing. But there's something else I'm into. In bed."

"What is it?"

Rosa fixed me with her bright, pale blue eyes. She bit her lower lip, and smiled again. This smile, though, was different. The warmth and sweetness she emanated were still there. But this smile was darker. Mischievous. The kind of smile Asta often gave me, or the kind of smile Violet would try to hide as I spanked her.

"John," said Rosa. "I really, really like getting fucked in the ass."

There were a few seconds of silence. I realised I had been holding my breath, and breathed out.

Rosa giggled. "Is that OK with you?"

I nodded vigorously. Rosa laughed again, and took my hand in hers, standing up.

"Let's go somewhere more comfortable," she said.

"...We're on a bed," I said.

Rosa looked around the room. "Yeah, but... it's a kitchen. You know?"

I smiled, and stood up, letting her lead me by the hand out of the door and into the hallway.

"Now," she said. "Let's find a bedroom."

"You don't know where anything is either?" I asked.

Rosa shrugged. "The mistress likes having more rooms than she knows what to do with. Half of them are bedrooms, though, it shouldn't be hard to find one. A nice one," she said, looking into my eyes, "you know?"

"Silk sheets and candles, that sort of thing?"

Rosa grinned. "All that romantic crap."

I nodded, squeezing her hand. "Well, you check all the rooms on this side of the corridor, I'll check the rooms on the other side."

Rosa kissed me on the cheek. "Oh, and by the way," she said. "When you came in looking for food? You don't need to eat anymore. Asta's magic sustains you. You don't even have to sleep if you don't want to."

I stood there, thinking this development over, as Rosa walked the corridor to the next door along. Don't have to eat or sleep? It felt weird, but hey. Anything that left more time for having sex with women like Rosa was a positive thing in my book.

I knew that the room opposite was a bathroom, so I also went to the next door on that side of the hall.

"Shoot," I heard Rosa say. "This was a bedroom yesterday."

I turned round. "Yesterday?"

"They move. The rooms switch around sometimes. See?" She held the door she had just checked open to show me the room beyond - a stone-walled dungeon, filled with torchlight, like Helena's place. Various chains and a leather harness hung from the ceiling.

"Not that one, then." I said. I looked back to the room that had been a bathroom previously. Maybe it had changed too? I walked back along the hall, and opened the door. The handle was stiff, but it swung open eventually, revealing a small, dark room on the other side. This was not the bathroom.

It was the smallest room I'd seen so far, with a low ceiling, from which hung a single, dim lightbulb. The walls were drab grey, and the floor was bare wood. It creaked as I stepped in to the room. Along the far wall was an array of filing cabinets, and next to them, a desk, strewn with a few odd pieces of paper, and some folders. Perplexed, I walked over to the desk. The folders were all labelled - "Magical Development", "Sexual Susceptibility", "Escape Plan". I picked up one of the loose pieces of scrap paper. It was a list, written in rough handwriting.

Asta - D

Rosa - DD

Violet - B? (never seems to wear a bra)

Melissa - F? G? (needs closer inspection)

Bemused, I put the paper down, and picked up another.

ASS RANKINGS:

1. Violet (obviously)

2. Rosa (bonus points for loving anal)

3. Asta (almost came second, but Rosa's is bigger)

4. Melissa (feel bad putting her last. STILL HAVEN'T FUCKED HER)

Someone, apparently, was spending their time measuring, rating, and otherwise researching the various beautiful women who lived in the house. I picked up the nearest folder. It was labelled "Case Study - Violet".

As I picked it up, a few small papers slipped out. I reached for them. No, wait, not papers. Photographs. There was Violet, standing nude in the circular pool that surrounded the bed in the entrance hall. Violet, lying on a red silk bedspread, her eyes closed in rapture, one hand between her legs and the other on her breast. Violet, hanging from a leather harness, a gag in her mouth, her eyes lit up with pleasure as someone just out of camera shot spanked her with a paddle.

I looked around the room. What was this place?

"John?" Rosa was calling from the hallway. "John, I found a bedroom."

Still puzzled, I put the photos down, and left the room, closing the door quietly behind me. Rosa stood a little way down the hall, holding open a door.

Rosa, like me, was completely naked, her apron laying discarded on the floor. Her heavy breasts hung slightly without anything to support them, and her dark nipples stood out prominently from two large areolas. She stood with one hand on her hip, the incredible shape of her womanly curves accentuated as she leant on the doorframe. But the sight that made my swinging cock begin to swell was her beautiful face: those pale blue, almond-shaped eyes; her cute little nose; her full, shapely lips - all framed by a mess of dark curls that fell to her shoulders.

She reached out as I approached, and took my hand, leading me into the bedroom. It was huge, like most of the rooms were, and furnished in red. The walls were red, and the floor was carpeted in thick, soft material that cushioned our feet as we walked to the bed. The bed stood in the center of the room, twice as big as it had any right to be, and perfectly round, a canopy overhead, silk sheets and an array of cushions sitting on top of the plump mattress. The whole room was lit softly by the flickering light of candles that burned overhead in an ornate chandelier.

We reached the bed, and Rosa turned to me, throwing her arms around me and hugging me tightly. Her breasts squished against my chest, but she didn't let their huge size keep our bodies apart, moving her legs and hips in close. My semi-erect penis was trapped against her leg, and continued swelling and twitching at the contact with her smooth, soft skin.

Rosa whispered in my ear. "This is perfect."

I pulled her away, just slightly. Her huge tits still filled the space between us. I held her by her shoulders, and looked into her eyes. "You're perfect," I said, and I meant it.

Rosa stood on her tip toes, and kissed me lightly on the lips. That light kiss soon turned to a full, passionate one, and as we began probing each other's hot, wet mouths with our tongues, we fell softly onto the bed. Rosa crawled along it, into the middle, and I followed, kissing every inch of her that I could - her face, her neck, her tits, those impossible hips and ass.
