 "Then, when I went back later, the room had gone."

I sat with Melissa on one of the seemingly infinite number of beds in Asta's palace. We were both dressed in simple white robes, and we were having breakfast. Asta's magic kept us going, so we didn't need to eat or sleep, but we still liked to. With all the constant sex, it was nice to take some time to sit with my girlfriend and have a meal together.

"That's really weird," Melissa said. "I mean, I know the rooms move, and there's all kinds of rooms I've seen once and then never seen again. But all those papers and photos and stuff... does that mean there's someone living here, watching us?"

"I don't know," I said. "I was going to ask Asta, but I haven't seen her since then."

Melissa nodded, putting her plate of toast down on the bed beside her as she chewed thoughtfully. I looked aroud the room. When we could find it, we sort of claimed this room as our unofficial shared bedroom. It had a cosy, homey feel, with a fireplace and a thick carpet. There was a TV too, and I had set up my old Nintendo, which I'd found in one of the few rooms that was carried over from my old apartment - the one that used occupy the space that was now this impossible palace. There were piles of our clothes on the floor, where we'd left them maybe weeks earlier. How long had we even been in this place?

"It's kind of hot, though," Melissa said. "Someone watching us fuck, taking photos of all of us."

"You perv," I said, jokingly pushing her.

She pushed back, laughing. "So what if I'm a perv? Plus, it's this place. It's like I'm just constantly horny. We all are."

"Who was the last person you fucked?" I asked.

"Are you jealous?" she teased.

"No," I said. "I just thought it would be fun if you gave me all the details."

"Well..." said Melissa, looking into the middle distance as she remembered. "The last person I fucked was probably Asta. Last night. She was on the bed in the main hall, you know the one with the waterfall?"

"Where the three of us first had sex," I said, fondly remembering the experience. I gently placed my hand on my girlfriend's upper thigh, absent-mindedly caressing her smooth skin.

"Mmm," said Melissa. "What about you?" she asked. "Who did you fuck last?"

"Violet," I said. "And Rosa. Well, Rosa, then Rosa again with Violet, then Violet."

"Oh fuck, that's hot," said Melissa.

"You're telling me," I said.

"I love Rosa," Melissa said. "I think she's my favourite. After you, of course."

"Her butt?" I asked.

"Her butt," Mel said, almost moaning the words as she closed her eyes and pictured Rosa's body. "And her tits, and her face... god, she's pretty. I mean, uh, goddess, she's pretty."

"What about the others?" I asked. Any jealousy I felt over my girlfriend was washed away by how turned on she was getting just thinking about these other beautiful women. I moved my hand steadily up her leg as she spoke. My fingers slipped under her robe and found her pussy already wet. The magic in this place would do that.

"I like Violet," she said, her eyes still closed, as two of my fingers slipped into her. Her hand gripped my hardening cock. "She's so elegant and graceful, but in bed she's... oh..."

"She's what?" I asked, watching my girlfriend's face as she fantasized about the other girls.

"She's wild... I love it when she dominates me... oh... I love it more when I dominate her... spanking her ass... that beautiful ass... her perky little tits..."

I grabbed one of my girlfriend's comparatively huge tits with my free hand, pinching her nipple, caressing every inch of the enormous globe of flesh, from her tanned cleavage to the pale bikini-shaped patches of un-tanned skin on the underside of her boob. She moaned in appreciation.

"And Asta," she continued, lost in her reverie, "so beautiful... so perfect... so... dirty..."

There was a knock at the door.

Melissa jolted out of her reverie. I slid my fingers out of her, giving her a questioning look and pointing to the door, but she just shrugged.

"...Come in," I said.

The door opened, and in walked Helena. The Greek goddess wore a toga, tied with a gold clasp over one shoulder, and drawn tight around her slim waist with a belt of fine golden rope, accentuating the way her full, perky breasts stood out proudly beneath the fabric. The toga stopped just above her long, toned legs, and I could tell that the fabric was being stretched from behind by her firm ass. Her black hair hung in glossy curls around her shoulders.

She stopped when she saw Melissa. "Disciple John... this is the one Asta told me about? Your love?"

"Um, yeah, this is Melissa. Mel, this is Helena. She's a goddess, like Asta."

"I'll say," said Melissa, under her breath. "It's nice to meet you," she said, louder.

"Oh... disciple John, if you would be alone with your beloved, I can leave now."

"No, Helena, please, come in," I said. "What do you need?"

Helena stepped tentatively closer. "To tell you the truth, I... I require your service. I know that you are Asta's disciple, but I have need of you."

"Of course, Helena," I said. "Whatever you need." I couldn't help but picture the last time I'd seen the goddess - butt naked and covered in syrup. She certainly had some interesting preferences.

"I was going to ask you to accompany me somewhere," Helena said. "However, I see you have a lover, and I certainly would not wish to -"

"Helena," I said, stopping her. "Just tell me what you need. Whatever it is, I'll do it."

Helena nodded, and smiled. "The gods and goddesses of death are gathering, as we do every thirteen years, in the great realm of Hades. A... get-together of sorts. And I..." she faltered, but then looked at me determinedly. "I would very much like you to go with me."

"Helena... are you asking me out?" I asked.

Helena gasped, wide-eyed. "I'm sorry! I told you, that with your beloved present it would not be -"

"What do you think, Mel?" I asked her.

Melissa eyed Helena up and down. "Go for it. Go and get us some more of that Currency, while you're at it," she said, winking at me.

"You're the best," I told her, kissing her on the nose. "You know that, right? The absolute best."

"I know," she smirked.

"Well then," I said, standing up. "That decides it. Wouldn't want to disappoint. Helena, it would be my honour to go with you to... wherever you said the party is."

"Hades," said Helena, her elegant, classical features breaking into a smile.

"Right," I said. "Hades. That's in France, right?"

Helena frowned. Melissa laughed, and shook her head.

"You doofus," Melissa said. "Hades is the Greek underworld. It's their name for Hell."

Oh.

***

It's no big deal, I told myself. You're just going on a date. With a woman who isn't your girlfriend, who is also a goddess of death, and the date is in Hell.

Helena had told me to keep my eyes closed as we travelled, and I was doing just that. No mind-melting visions of the demon dimension for me. All I felt was the rush of warm air, and Helena's bare arms wrapped around me, her gravity-defying bosom squished into my chest. Not a bad way to travel.

I pictured Melissa back at the palace. The way she had been talking about those girls, I felt certain I knew exactly what she was doing. I imagined Asta, bent double, her tounge lapping at my girlfriend's slit... Rosa, her glorious butt spread wide as Mel fingered her from behind... Violet, her own perky ass turning red as the others took it in turns spanking her...

"John?" said Helena's voice.

"Hm?"

"You are making it difficult for me to concentrate on the teleportation spell."

My cock had begun to swell at my mental image, and the bulge was pressing into Helena's crotch.

"Oh," I said. "Sorry."

"No need to apologise," said Helena in a small voice.

Suddenly, the rush of wind stopped, and I felt very cold. Helena unhooked her arms from around me, and told me to open my eyes.

We were standing in an underground cavern. The walls were rocky and rough, and set into them were flaming torches, burning pale blue. There was a river beside us, running slowly and calmly through the cave and disappearing into a crack in the rock wall. Ahead of us, a tunnel was carved into the stone, and a set of stairs led down, lit by more torches.

A figure in long, black robes stood by the tunnel entrance. It raised its head, and Helena took my hand, leading me towards it. Its hood was too low to see its face.

"Lady Helena, Goddess of Death, and guest," said the figure, lifting one hand mechanically, and handing Helena a pile of fabric.

"Oh, great. Hilarious. He doesn't think I can dress myself," mumbled Helena to herself.

"Um," I said. "I'm not exactly... dressed. I mean, I'm just wearing a robe." I looked at the shadowy figure. "Not that there's anything wrong with robes!"

"You're the disciple of a sex goddess, you're dressed perfectly appropriately," said Helena. "And so am I," she said angrily as she thrust the pile of clothes back into the figure's hand.

"Right this way, then," said the figure.

"Schmight shmish shmay shmem," said Helena under her breath, and she took me by the hand again and practically pulled me as she led me down the staircase.

The stairs went on for a long time. Seriously. I must have been walking for at least ten minutes - although with the view of Helena's pert butt sashaying down the steps ahead of me, it felt like thirty seconds. Eventually, we arrived at a large stone door.

Helena turned to me. "Thank you, John. I owe you a great debt."

"Aw, it was nothing," I said. Although the underworld vibe was really beginning to creep me out.

Helena leaned in, and kissed me chastely on the cheek. Smiling, she opened the stone door.

The room beyond was enormous. The only space I'd seen anywhere near that big was Helena's own room, but this place surpassed it. It was so huge I wasn't sure being in it even counted as being inside. The ceiling was too far away to see, the stone walls stretching up seemingly to infinity. The room was arranged with what looked a lot like Halloween decorations, although I assumed the skulls were probably genuine. Tables sat end to end, piled high with food, and various things that didn't look even slightly edible. Strange objects stood on display around the walls, and the room was full of the sound of chatter and laughter, and the dim aroma of formaldehyde.

Everywhere, there were death gods and goddesses. Not all of them were as attractive as Helena, and I thanked my lucky stars it was she whom Asta had set me up with as opposed to, say, the giant ball of sentient green sludge that was helping himself to some of the less appetising appetisers. There were men with horns and goat legs, their human top halves dressed in tuxedos, and a woman with a slit up the side of her dress that revealed not legs, but a set of tentacles. A giant with one eye stomped across the room to greet his friend, still not nearly tall enough to reach the ceiling. Everywhere, creatures talked, danced, sang and joked with one another.

"I am really lucky I got the hot goddess," I said.

"Oh, sex goddesses are by and large more attractive than we death goddesses," said Helena.

"I meant you," I said. She blushed and looked at the ground, but took my hand and squeezed it.

"Helena!"

A man was striding over to us. I say man - he was eight foot tall and bright red. But other than that, he looked like a normal guy in an expensive suit.

"Good to see you! Who's your date?"

"This is John," said Helena. I waved sheepishly at the red giant. "He's a disciple of a friend of mine."

"Hey, John. Name's Daljhin. Nice robe."

"...Thanks."

"Hey, have you seen what they've got over here, Lena?" Daljhin said, gesturing and leading us over to a plinth, on which various artefacts were displayed. One stood out - a huge scythe, its blade nicked and stained.

"Is that -" asked Helena.

"Yup," said Daljhin. "The big man's old slicer-dicer. Boy, just think how many souls that baby's sent here in its time." Daljhin suddenly whipped his head round. "Woah, gotta go, guys. The Asferat sisters just stepped onto the dancefloor. Or, rather, they will step onto the dance floor. In five, four, three, two... now."

Daljhin hopped across the room, just as two identical women, both with pale green skin and elaborately curled horns, began a complicated, writhing dance.

"He's psychic," said Helena.

"Oh," I said. As much weird shit as I had seen the past few... weeks? Months? In any case, this place was still freaking me out. Helena must have noticed the look on my face.

"Do you wish to leave?" she asked.

"Hm? No! Of course not. I'm happy being here with you," I said. She took my hand in hers and smiled.

"Let's walk."

Going for a walk isn't something you can normally do indoors, but here it seemed perfectly possible. I could see myself getting tired before we'd completed a lap of the huge, cavernous room. But I really was glad to be there if it meant spending time with Helena, so I held her hand as we walked around the room, past the plinths that displayed various strange artefacts to the guests. A fair crowd had gathered around some of them, all talking and pointing. I heard two fire-people whispering as we passed an odd-looking machine.

"The Goraxer of Grynofode, oh yesss..."

"Very rare, you know. Very preciousss..."

I just stared in wonder at the mind-boggling items on display. Helena would stop as we passed each one, and tell me about them. Each thing held fascinating stories - mostly themed around killing large amounts of people.

Suddenly, Helena's eyes lit up, and she sprinted forwards to a plinth that carried a simple black clay pot.

"John, look!" she said, pointing at the pot's design. A series of naked women, depicted in orange on the pot's shiny black surface, all bowed before a taller woman, also naked, who held what looked like a whip above them. The subdued women all carried huge jars on their backs.

Helena leaned in close to the pot, smiling and pointing at the woman with the whip. "That's me."

"Wow," I said. "That's amazing. But I'd probably get a new pot guy. Your tits are way bigger than that."

Helena laughed and punched me lightly on the arm. I was really beginning to enjoy myself with this woman. Whereas Asta was hot as hell, I barely ever saw her outside of our brief, intense sex sessions. I could definitely see myself chilling with Helena in her underground lair as her disciple. Although collecting Currency for her would probably be a lot less fun than my current job. And really depressing.

LADY HELENA, GODDESS OF DEATH.

The voice that came from behind us chilled me. It was a voice of ice, of creeping paranoia, of blinding lights and unescapable visions. It was deep, and low, and soft, like a huge feather falling to the ground. Helena seemed to feel its effect too. She winced and turned around. I did the same.

The man standing behind us was beautiful. I mean, I'm not into guys. I don't consider myself a good judge of male attractiveness. But he was inescapably, perfectly beautiful. I wanted nothing more than to leave Asta and follow -

SORRY, said the man. TOO MUCH?

"Yes, too much," said Helena. "He's human. Go easy on him."

YOU WOULD BRING THE LIVING FLESH OF MAN TO THIS PLACE?

"We're on a date," I mumbled, weakly.

BUT OF COURSE, said the man, turning to me. WELL MET, JOHN, DISCIPLE OF ASTA.

"Y-you know me?" I asked.

WE HAVE BEEN KEEPING OUR EYE ON YOUR GODDESS, said the man. Wait. They'd been watching us? Could this guy be the person behind that weird room?

"What do you want, Lucy?" said Helena.

Lucy? He was a she?

THE SAME THING AS YOU, HELENA. ULTIMATE PEACE AND DOMINION OVER ALL THE NETHERWORLD.

"I'm fine with just the peace, thanks. And we're being very peaceful here, so... move along."

The man, or woman, paused. VERY WELL. ENJOY THE PARTY.

"We will. Thank you for inviting us," said Helena.

YOU'RE WELCOME.

"Oh, and Lucy?" Helena shouted as the man walked away. "I can dress myself."

I CAN SEE THAT. YOU LOOK VERY NICE.

And 'Lucy' left me and Helena standing there. I felt as though I'd just been pulled out of a lake.

"Woah," I managed to say.

"Yeah. He has that effect. I'm sorry you had to meet him. Even though it is his party."

"He?" I asked. "You called him Lucy."

"Oh, I was just teasing him," said Helena. "Satan and I always mess with each other."

I just looked at her. "S... Sa..."

"Lucifer," she said.

I gaped at her like a fish.

"Congratulations, disciple John. You are the first human to survive meeting the Devil."

After that, the rest of the party was surprisingly uneventful. I danced with Helena, and she almost got me to drink something before bursting out laughing, telling me it was pig's blood. "And not even the nice pigs," chimed in Daljhin. He and I chatted for a bit while Helena talked to some other death goddess friends of hers. He seemed very interested in my life as a sex disciple.

"So you just..." he made the sound of creaking bedsprings "... all the time?"

"Pretty much," I said.

"Wow. I gotta get me a sex goddess. Heck, I'd even become a disciple. Sounds like you get a lot of..." he held up the hot dog he was eating. "Benefits."

"Gods can become disciples?" I asked.

"Oh yeah, anyone can. It's considered a pretty shameful thing to do though. But hey. I'd be OK with a bit of shame." He stared into the distance, his eyes glazed over. "Sweet, sweet shame..."

Helena approached us, and gestured to the door.

"Hey, we're heading off, dude," I said.

"Hm? Oh. It was good meeting you, Human John."

"You too," I said.

"See you in thirteen years, Daljhin," said Helena, taking my hand and walking over to the exit.

"Laters," called Daljhin after us. "Oh, and Human John?"

I looked over my shoulder at him. "Yeah?"

"The greatest weapon is known to you. This and the one you have seen but shall not wield will bring her peace."

"...What?"

Daljhin shrugged, taking another bite of his hot dog. "Dunno, man. It just came to me."

Still confused, Helena and I left through the door and headed up the stairs.

***

"Hello?" I called out. The main room of Asta's palace was empty. The waterfall fell quietly, but no other sound could be heard.

"Maybe they are all..." said Helena, then gave me a pointed look. "Busy."

"Maybe," I said. "Come on."

Still holding each others hands, we walked through the corridors. Everywhere, quiet. The place seemed deserted. Helena and I checked behind every door we passed. A kitchen, empty. A cupboard, no-one hiding inside.

"This is weird," I said. "Where is everyone?"

"John? What is this room?"

Helena was standing in front of an open door. The room beyond was small, with a low ceiling, from which hung a single, bare lightbulb.

"Leave it open!" I said, running over.

Helena did, though she looked confused. I stared into the room. Filing cabinets, folders everywhere.

"The rooms move around," I said. "I've been looking for this one since I first found it."

"What's it for?" Helena asked.

"I don't know," I said. "But there are these files... about all the girls. And loads of others I never got a chance to look at."

"Files?" asked Helena. We both stepped into the room, and I held up a piece of paper that was lying on the desk.

"Like this. 'Rosa and Violet in bathroom #456-B'."

"My goodness," said Helena. Under the piece of paper was a photograph, taken from above. Rosa was bent over the edge of a shallow swimming pool. Violet was standing behind her, holding her waist with one hand and slapping her ass with the other. She had a strap-on, and was thrusting it deep into Rosa's ass.

"Someone's been watching us. Taking photos. Do you think it might be... Lucifer? He said he had his eye on Asta."
