 Author's Note: It's been a while, huh? This is the penultimate chapter of Living With a Goddess. Thank you all so much for your continued support. We've got a bit of story to get through before the big finale, so sit tight!

***

"OK, now stand up."

I was sitting in mine and Melissa's bedroom, naked as I usually was these days. My cock in my hand, slowly growing as I stroked it, I obeyed the voice, standing up.

"No, the other way. Turn around," said the voice.

Smiling to myself as I turned, I addressed the voice. "You know, Lillian, this would be a lot easier if I knew where your cameras were."

Lillian giggled over the speakers. "Where would the fun in that be? OK, stand there. Just like that, stroke that cock for me."

I obliged, my shaft thickening at my touch. "I didn't even know you had cameras in here. You know this is me and Mel's bedroom?"

"Oh, I know," said Lillian. "Some of my favourite views come from in here."

I got harder at the thought of Lillian watching Mel and I going at it on our bed. We'd made the room into our own little space over the weeks, or maybe months, that we'd been living in the palace. There was my old Nintendo in the corner, and a huge walk-in closet we'd filled with all our clothes - not that we ever really wore any.

"By the way, where's Asta?" I asked. "I haven't seen her in a while," "You keep an eye on everything, have you seen her anywhere?"

"No," said Lillian. "Now shush. Keep stroking yourself."

I smiled. "You like that, don't you?"

I heard Lillian squirm. "Mmm, yes daddy. I love watching you hold that big, thick cock in your hands. I want you to think of me, jerking off your cock, sucking it, taking it down my throat..."

Lillian knew exactly how to turn me on. That girl was the queen of dirty talk, and as if that wasn't enough arousal I could make out the soft, wet sounds of her fingering herself while watching me. I closed my eyes and pictured the scene she was describing.

"Oooh," I said, the words coming without warning, "I want you, Lillian. I want to fuck you..."

"Yes, daddy. Come and find me. Come and fuck me."

I opened my eyes. That sounded like an invitation to me. "Where are you?" I asked.

There was a buzz of static, and I heard her laugh. "Silly daddy," she said. "You have to find me."

I didn't need telling twice. Still naked, my hard cock swinging out in front of me, I went for the door. Lillian's soft, deep voice followed me: "And when you find me... I want you to take me..."

I walked down the corridor, my dick softening a little with the lack of immediate stimulus, but still semi-hard at the thought of fucking Lillian's dark, slender body. I checked every door I came across - the rooms switched round all the time, and any one of them could be Lillian's little office hideaway. Spurned on by lust, I strode down the hallways, flinging doors open on either side. Kitchens, bedrooms, bathrooms, strange rooms I had no way of describing. But not Lillian.

"Keep looking," said the voice on the speakers. "Mmm... I hope you get here before I make myself cum..."

I flung open yet another door, ready to turn and move on when I saw it was the wrong one. But I stopped, frozen to the spot. So did the two women in the room.

My girlfriend, Melissa, was on all fours on a large four-poster bed, the satin sheets clenched in her fists. On top of her, paddle in hand, was Violet. The handmaiden was wearing a strap-on, and it was buried in my girlfriend's cunt.

Mel stared, flushed. "Hi, sweetie."

Violet winked at me. "Want to help teach your lady a lesson?" she asked, holding out the paddle to me. I noticed the bright pink patch on Mel's ass, the paddle-shaped mark stretching from the paler skin near her buttcrack, across the bikini tan line and all the way to the bronzed flesh of her thick thigh.

As tempting as it was, I was on a mission. "I'm looking for Lillian," I said. "Do you know where her room is?"

Mel and Violet looked at each other, and shook their heads. "Are you going to fuck her?" asked Mel.

"What do you think?" I grinned.

Slowly, Violet pulled her strap-on back out of Melissa's pussy, causing my girlfriend to sigh as the toy left her, a clear trail of her juices dangling between the two as Violet started undoing the straps.

"What are you doing?" Mel asked. I knew that voice. She had been getting close, and was craving more.

"I'm going with the man here," said Violet. "If that's alright with you, John?"

"I think Mel would prefer it if you finished her off," I said.

"No, I'll come too," said Mel, sitting up. "We can fuck while we watch you fuck Lillian."

I looked at her, and couldn't help but smile. "I love you," I said.

"Duh," she said, rolling her eyes at me playfully. She kissed me, and I kissed her back, and the kiss quickly turned deep and passionate. When we pulled apart, Mel's tan face was flushed, and my cock was standing to full attention, pressed between our bodies. Violet was standing, watching.

"Uh, guys," she said. "Task at hand."

"...Yeah," I said. "Come on."

All of us still incredibly turned on, and my cock swinging in front of me, the three of us left the room and carried on down the hallway, looking for Lillian's room.

"Kitchen!" said Violet, trying yet another door.

"This is one of your toy cupboards, Vi," said Melissa, shutting that door behind her.

"Dammit," I murmured to myself. "Why did there have to be so many rooms in this place?" I reached for another door handle.

"Wait!"

The voice on the speakers rang out through the halls.

"Aha!" Violet cried as the girls ran over to me, and the door I had almost opened.

"This is your room then, Lillian?" asked Melissa.

"No! It's not, I swear. Just... don't open that door. You'll ruin the scene."

"The... scene?" I asked.

"Megan and Rosa are in there. I don't have a video of just the two of them together yet. And this one is getting... oooohhh... really good..."

Violet just stared at the door. I could practically see her mind at work as she imagined what was going on inside. "Lily," she whispered, "c-could I borrow that video when they're done in there?"

A faint buzzing came over the speakers. Lillian made a response, but it wasn't anything resembling words. She breathed deeply, and managed to whimper: "Hurry..."

"Well," I said to Violet and Melissa, "I guess that's not her room. But we need to find that office, because I am getting a little bit pissed off, and very horny."

"I might just stay and listen at this door," said Violet quietly.

"Vi!" yelled Melissa. "Come on! We can do this. There can't be that many rooms left to check, right?"

"I feel like we've checked everywhere, though," I said. "There must be something we're missing."

"Well you'd checked a whole bunch of doors before you found us," said Mel. She reached out and put a hand on my arm. "Think back. Are there any doors in here you haven't opened already?"

My eyes widened, and I smiled at her. "I've just had an idea," I said. I bolted back down the hallway, spurred on by lust.

"Honey?" Mel called after me. "Where are you going?"

"Follow me!" I yelled back, and Mel grabbed Violet by the arm, yanking her out of her daydream, and the two of them ran naked after me. I glanced back over my shoulder to see Mel struggling to hold her boobs in place so that they didn't flop around everywhere as she ran.

Eventually I reached the door that I knew Lillian would be behind. I stopped in front of it, panting.

"Honey?" said Mel, once the two of them reached me. "This is our room."

"I know," I said.

"But we keep the door propped open, so it never switches. And we were in here this morning. It couldn't be any other room."

"She's right, dude," said Violet. "You can see inside. That's your room. Not that I, ha ha, spy on you or anything."

"We know you spy on us, Violet," I said.

Violet turned to Mel, who nodded. "We didn't say anything because it's probably hotter for you to think we don't know. Plus we really get off on it."

"I... oh," said Violet. "Well if you knew I was hiding in there, why didn't you drag me out and fuck me?" she yelled. "Mel, you know I wanna get used by the two of you. That would be so hot!"

I turned to Mel. This was the first I'd heard of this particular fantasy of Violet's. Mel nodded at me. "It's true," she said.

"OK, we're definitely doing that," I said. Violet yelped with glee and threw her arms around me. "But first," I said, laughing and pushing Violet's hands off me, "follow me..."

I led the girls into the room, and like, every other room we'd seen, it was empty.

"Honey, we've checked every door in the palace," said Mel.

I smiled at her. "Not every one." Gesturing to the girls to follow me, I tiptoed over to the door of our walk-in closet.

"You don't think -" Violet began, but I put a finger to my lips. Slowly, I opened the door.

Inside was a small, cramped office, full of filing cabinets, lit by a single lightbulb. And sitting in a chair, a vibrator shoved up her quivering pussy, was Lillian. The slender handmaiden opened her almond-shaped eyes and spun round to face us. Her eyes widened when she saw I wasn't alone.

I grabbed the chair Lillian was in and tugged it forcibly out of the open door of what was a closet. She shrieked with delight, dropping her vibrator to the ground, as Violet and I each took one of her arms and guided her to me and Mel's bed.

"Daddy... you came..." said Lillian softly.

"Did you?" I asked.

She sighed. "No... I was edging myself. Waiting... oh my goddess, I'm so close..."

We all lay her down on the bed. Violet sat by her head, stroking her hair gently. "She needs to be treated gently..."

Lillian shook her head. "What I need is daddy's cock in my fucking pussy."

Violet grinned at me. "You heard the lady!" Returning her smile, I took my length in my hand, stroking it as I walked over to where Lillian's ass was just hanging off the edge of the bed, her legs spread and her pussy practically flowing with wetness. I started teasing the head of my cock up and down her slit, and she moaned.

"Just fucking fuck me! I need your cock in me daddy..."

I shoved my entire length into her dripping cunt. Lilian moaned as I began to buck my hips, pounding at her soaking pussy and feeling her tight, slick walls pleasure my shaft. Violet lifted a leg over Lillian's face and sat on it, her asshole placed right above the girl's mouth. Lillian took no further prompting, and dove into Violet's tight butthole with her long tongue. The redhead squealed in delight as she was penetrated.

Melissa spoke from behind me. "Any space for me?"

Violet responded by holding out her hands and making grabbing motions. My girlfriend clambered onto the bed and thrust out her chest at Violet, who greedily attacked her tits with her hands and mouth. Melissa moaned at the attention, and began fingering herself, her other hand groping Lillian in time to the schlicking sounds coming from her own pussy.

I kept fucking Lillian, watching her slender body shake with every thrust of my cock. It wasn't long at all before she moaned deeply into Violet's ass, and her hips bucked into mine, spasming as she was lost in her orgasm. Violet got off her face to let her breathe, and watched enraptured as Lillian screamed through her climax, her face a mask of ecstasy.

We all slowed down a little to watch Lillian cum, her pretty, exotic face screwed up in pleasure. After a long while, she was left panting and gasping for air.

She smiled up at me. "Thank you, daddy."

I smiled back and slid my cock out of her dripping pussy, translucent strings of her girlcum dripping between us. Violet saw the opportunity and ducked her face down by my cock, slathering Lillian's cum along her cheek and taking me into her mouth to clean.

I reached down and stroked Violet's hair as she licked and sucked at my cock, salivating so much she wasn't exactly cleaning it at all. She looked up at me, her lips stretched into a lewd circle by my shaft, and winked. I could have cum then and there.

Instead I clambered beside her, pinning her to the bed with my arms and swinging one leg over her, my engorged dick slapping against her stomach as I positioned myself above her. She squealed with delight, her squeals quickly dropping to a low, throaty moan as I grabbed my shaft and slowly slid myself inside her.

The noise from the others seemed to fade for a moment as I gazed down at the woman below me, her mouth open, panting and grinning, her blue eyes wide, her red hair fanning out on the bed below. She gave a mock struggle, her slender limbs shaking in my grasp, but I held her firm and began to move my hips, thrusting my huge cock in and out of her boiling wet pussy. She began making an adorably lewd panting sound, short high breaths, as I picked up speed and started giving her a hard, fast fucking. Her small breasts quivered a tiny amount with every movement, and her eyes stayed fixed on mine.

"You keep this up..." she breathed, "you're going to make me cum... so... fucking... hard..."

The last word trailed into a whine as I clenched her tightly, pressing my body into hers and allowing the full overgrown length of my cock to penetrate her depths. She shook in my hands, twitching, her face a porcelain portrait of ecstasy, and I let myself give in.

I exploded inside Violet, my cock pulsing, extending her orgasm as we both cried out together. Great spurts of cum filled her, beginning to flow out of her cunt, and I just kept cumming, more and more jizz erupting inside her utterly defiled pink snatch.

Eventually, we both stopped writhing on the bed, and lay there, me almost crushing her in a tight embrace. She weakly lifted her head and planted a row of kisses along my neck and shoulder.

"Thanks," she said, and winked.

I almost laughed, but felt too spent. "Don't mention it."

Simultaneously, we looked over at the others. Rosa, Lillian and Melissa were all staring at us, mouths open. Lillian was furiously masturbating.

Mel cleared her throat. "That was hot."

Violet smiled. "Just so you know sweetie, we're all really glad you share him."

Melissa smiled back. "If that's what you get up to, I'm more than happy..." She fixed me with a stare I knew all too well. "...but if you'll excuse us, I need to borrow him for a while."

***

Asta walked through the door she had made in the bathroom, only now it was in a different bathroom. She liked mixing things up. It still led to the same place though, and she blinked in the sunlight as she stepped out into Heaven. The lush grass felt like a thick carpet on her bare feet, and the same smiling angel stood to greet her.

"Lady Asta," the young woman said.

Asta hugged her. "How are you, sweetie?"

"Well..." said the girl, but when Asta pulled out of the embrace (after making sure to press her breasts firmly into the girl's own) she saw a solemn expression on the angel's dainty features.

"Oh?"

"I... Lady Asta, I'm afraid you've been summoned."

"Summoned?" Asta said, her brow furrowing instantly in indignation. "By whom exactly? Who has the power to summon me?"

The girl simply gave a worried look as the world around Asta faded into white light, and she was taken.

***

"Fuck."

The single syllable came unbidden. I couldn't help it. Melissa's full lips were wrapped tight around my shaft, even as her jaw strained to accommodate my girth. She had just slid forward, taking me deeper until I felt my sensitive head slip down into her hot, wet throat.

My girlfriend looked up at me, her eyes watering slightly, her mouth stretched lewdly around my enormous cock. That was the signal. I focused, bringing my mind into an odd meditative state somewhere between complete calm and rampant, animal lust. I felt the power come to me. I nodded down and her, and she gave a muffled noise, telling me to go for it.

I came. The orgasm was instant, as though I'd been building to it for hours. I felt my knees shake at the sensation but I stood there and watched as Mel fought to keep her lips around my shaft. The first jet of cum powered down her throat, but the second made her cough, and from there it was a losing battle. Her mouth slipped, and my next spurt caught in her cheek, beginning to seep out of her mouth. She pulled back off my dick, and opened her mouth wide, taking the rest of my load onto her wet, pink tongue. Her mouth quickly filled with my jizz, trails of the sticky white mess trickling down her face and onto her large, tanned breasts. I grabbed my cock and pumped, aiming the last few squirts of cum at those awesome, full melons, glazing them in my seed, before falling backwards onto our bed.

Mel appeared beside me, lying down and stretching out her body next to mine, pressing her tits on either side of my arm so that I was trapped in her cleavage. She smiled, still wiping my cum off her face, and nuzzled her forehead against mine.

"I think that counts as a win for me?" she said.

I smiled. "Yes. Absolutely. You win. You win all the... everything."

Mel giggled, and hugged me tighter. Some of the cum that was still on her chest trickled onto my arm. "You can pretty much control it completely now, huh?" she asked.

"Mmm," I said. "I have to kind of... reach this mental state. But once I'm there, I can cum on command."

Mel arched her neck and kissed me on the nose. "You'd better be using that all the fucking time now, you hear me? I want cum showers every morning."

"I dunno if even my magically enhanced load could manage that," I said, though I smiled at the thought.

Mel tangled her naked, slightly sweaty legs in mine. "Well," she said. "You or Megan."

"You're so happy she's a squirter, aren't you?" I asked.

Mel just made a noise in her throat like a sexual growl. I laughed, and leaned over to kiss her, lightly, on the nose.

"Gooey," she said, softly.

There was a sudden, blinding light. I covered my eyes, and Mel shrieked, doing the same. When the light had cleared, and we dared to look, there were three figures standing at the foot of our bed.

One was Helena. The death goddess was radiant as ever, in a simple white tunic that hung loosely from her perky breasts, and hugged her slender figure. The man standing on her right was tall, relatively well-built, and wore a stylish three-piece suit. He was also bright red.

"Hey, man - aw, jeez, I didn't wanna see that. Cover up, bro," said Dhalsim. I hastily grabbed a fistful of the covers me and Mel were lying on and pulled them over us.

The third person in the room was indescribably beautiful. I felt Mel shuffle beside me as she saw this person, and I knew we both felt the same desire: to follow this person, to serve them and love them forever -

SHIT, said Lucifer. SORRY.

The effect left instantly, like it had been switched off.

Dhalsim wrinkled his nose. "Something in this place amplifies magic. Also amplifies sexual drive in humans. And..." he sniffed. "A whole bunch of other stuff. She certainly knows what she's doing."

Helena looked at me. She looked anxious, her elegant features pulled into a frown. "John. Where is Asta?"

I stared blankly at them for just a few seconds more. The sheer unexpectedness of the arrival of these people - particularly these people - had me stunned. "Um..." I managed. Now that I thought about it, where was Asta? When was the last time I'd seen her? "I don't know," I said.

"Damn it all to Hell!" said Helena. Quickly, she turned to Lucifer, an apologetic look on her face. "No offense."

NONE TAKEN, he replied, though I detected a note of reproach in that huge, bewildering voice.

"What's going on?" asked Melissa quietly, clutching the covers over her breasts.

Dhalsim looked at us. "Shit's kind of hitting the fan in the Heaven of the sex gods."
