 Asta bit her lip and looked around the empty chamber. The throne in front of her, the bare stone walls, all covered with the dust of countless ages past.

She frowned. Maybe she would die here. Not that gods died, not truly, she herself was proof of that - dormant for centuries upon centuries until the right disciple came along. But that was it, gods were fuelled by worship. Their powers ebbed and flowed with the Currency their disciples generated for them. They needed their disciples.

And right now, Asta needed John to get laid.

***

I looked around at the group of beautiful, naked women surrounding me. Lillian, Rosa and Violet. Helena and Megan. Melissa.

"How are we... going to do this?" Megan asked, softly. I thought I heard Violet stifle a giggle.

"Well first off, you're all going to listen to me," said Melissa. "I'm his girlfriend, I know what he likes."

There didn't seem to be any disagreement, so everyone looked to Mel for some sign of how to begin. I decided to take charge, as I liked to do, and reached out to start groping my girlfriend's tits. Her hand grabbed my wrist and stopped me.

"No, sweetie. You lie down, and don't move. OK?"

She'd never really been dominant with me before, at least not in bed, and that last "OK?" betrayed how nervous she was about it. But I trusted her, completely, so I lay back. My semi-erect cock twitched and gave a sort of half-attempt at standing upright. 

"Now close your eyes," said Mel, and so I did. I breathed out, long and slow, focusing on the softness of the silk sheets beneath me, my mind racing with images of what was to come.

Evidently some sort of communication happened, because after a moment there was a shuffling on the bed around me, and I was aware of the presence of someone getting closer. Two soft hands pulled gently at my arm, and the same happened on my other side, so that I was laying with arms spread wide. Then I felt something on my palm. Light at first, then heavy; soft and slightly textured and a little wet. I realised my fingers had been placed directly under someone's pussy, someone who was lowering herself onto me.

I reached up with my fingers and found the wet, soft lips and began to explore, teasing and caressing. I had no idea who I was groping, and barely had time to wonder before I felt a similar sensation on my other hand. This girl was lying on the bed, and guided my hand with her own, showing me the motion she wanted. I felt my fingers slip inside her and then out again, and dutifully repeated the movement, slowly. She gasped, and I recognised her voice: Violet. The slender handmaiden rocked back and forth in time with my hand, fucking herself on my fingers.

I still had no idea who the other girl was, and started to open my eyes when I felt a hand gently lay across my face, blocking my vision.

"No peeking, honey," said Mel, and I smiled at her. Playing along, I kept fondling and teasing the pussy of whoever had sat on my hand, letting my fingers slip inside her, tease her lips, briefly brush her clit and even find her asshole. I couldn't help but smile that I still had no idea who I was playing with, but the possibilities intrigued me further and I kept fingering the women on either side of me.

A new sensation almost made me jump. More soft hands had found my lower legs, and were slowly creeping up. A few hands, I was sure - I focused on what I could feel and tried to picture what could be happening. From the way I was being touched, I was sure at least two women were currently caressing their way up my legs, finding my inner thighs and then dancing playfully around my crotch with their fingertips. Someone kissed the head of my dick and it pulsed with life, beginning to swell. I felt a woman's nude form press closer to me, resting against the outside of my leg.

The temptation to look was growing by the second, but I kept my word and resisted, trying to relax and simply give in to the ministrations of the beautiful women around me.

I focused on the smells, the hints of perfume and the scent of arousal in the air. I focused on what I could hear: Violet's short gasps turning to moans, or the sound of someone's ass being spanked, followed by a short giggle. And I focused on what I could feel. The woman grinding her pussy against my fingers on one hand, the warm wetness of Violet's depths as she fucked herself on the other. The many hands stroking every inch of skin below my waist, creeping up to my chest. The brush of an arm or a breast against my naked body as the women moved around and over me. And suddenly, long, soft fingers wrapping themselves tightly around the base of my hardening shaft.

The woman with my cock in her hand began to stroke. She was slow, but tight, and skilled. I felt myself thicken in her hand as my cock began to swell, taking care not to let her expert touch distract me from the women I was fingering.

I felt shifts on the mattress as people began to shift, but none of the touching stopped. It was getting very, very tempting to look.

As if she'd read my mind, I heard Melissa's voice from somewhere above me.

"You can look now, sweetie."

I obliged, and opened my eyes to see my girlfriend's shaven pussy filling my vision. Her thick thighs were placed either side of my head, and she looked down at me, smiling.

"Hungry?" she asked.

I answered by sticking out my tongue. Letting out a yelp of delight, she lowered herself onto my face until her pussy was pressed close against my eager mouth, and I began to go to work. Licking and teasing her folds, I tasted her. My lips locked with her pussy, I ate her, sucking at her clit and flicking it with my tongue.

"Yes... fuck yes..." she moaned from on high as her hips began to rock, grinding against my face, her pussy pressing hard into my mouth. I didn't let up, sucking and licking and teasing every inch of her that I could reach. It didn't seem like long before she reached down to grip my head and bucked wildly on me as she came, her wetness practically flowing into my mouth. I didn't stop, and her orgasmic moans grew louder and louder as she lost herself to the sensation.

I could have lain there eating her all day, but suddenly something warm and wet enveloped the head of my still-growing cock. Someone was giving me a blowjob. The hand that had gripped me was still round the base of my cock, jerking me, and there were fingers lightly touching my balls and lower stomach as well. I moaned into my girlfriend's cunt as someone's lips parted just enough to take in my cockhead and their tongue swirled around it. I still couldn't see a thing other than Mel's cute, chubby body filling my vision, her enormous breasts swinging tantalisingly above me and her face a picture of post-orgasmic bliss. Not a bad view, not at all, but my curiosity was getting the better of me. Who was blowing me, and jerking me, and touching me? And who, other than Violet, was I fingering?

Mel leaned back a bit, moving her crotch away from my mouth to around my collarbone. 

Free to move and look around a little, I could see Violet now, and she winked at me as she gripped my wrist and shuffled closer to me on the bed - all while my fingers were still inside her. Fuck. My entire hand was practically inside her cunt now, and she growled as she began fucking herself with all of my fingers.

On my other side, Rosa had her dark brown nipples between her fingers, teasing them as she rocked back and forth on my outstretched hand. Her eyes were tight shut, and her mouth hung open as I played with her.

Above me, Mel looked down lovingly at my face, reaching to wipe some of her wetness of my chin with a palm then licking it off her hand. She glanced over her shoulder at my crotch.

"Well, fuck. I think I'd better let you see now, because that is fucking hot."

She lifted one leg and vaulted off me, falling softly onto the mattress beside me. I looked down. She wasn't wrong.

Lillian smiled as our eyes met, laying a small trail of kisses across my lower torso. She had one hand gripping my cock tightly. Megan's hands were busy fondling my balls with the gentlest of touches, as she stared at my engorging member with a hunger in her eyes. She was enraptured by what she saw, completely transfixed by the view of Helena's mouth working my cockhead. The goddess sucked and licked with long, slow, powerful strokes, her lips parting lewdly around my cock as it penetrated them and was taken into her wet, warm mouth.

"Fuck..." was about all I could say.

Helena looked up at me, my cock still in her mouth, and the corners of her eyes creased in what would have been a smile if her mouth wasn't stretched wide. Megan seemed not to hear me, continuing to fondle me as she watched Helena, her other hand sneaking down between her legs.

Lillian smiled and slid her body up against mine, pressing her full breasts and toned frame against me as she moved her face in line with my own. She stuck out her tongue, giving me a long lick across my face, tasting what was left of my girlfriend's juices on my lips.

"You like the view?" she asked, her voice low and husky. She looked back down at Helena and Megan, watching with me. "Fuck, they're hot," she said. "I don't have nearly enough photos of those two. Yet." Lillian lay next to me, practically on top of me, taking care not to pin down my arm. I felt Rosa lift off my hand and turned to see that Melissa had taken her a little ways down the bed where the two women were kissing passionately. Violet was still fisting herself on my other hand.

"Fucking hell..." said Lillian, and she lay down next to me, on the side Rosa had been.

Her warm, soft body was pressed tight against my own. I watched as she bit her lip, inches from my face, then kissed me lightly. One of her hands snaked down to her crotch and she gave a short gasp as she began to masturbate.

"Oh god," she said with that rich, sultry voice. "Fuck, this is so much better than porn. I'm gonna cum so hard..." She smiled. "You like what you see, daddy? That redheaded slut fucking herself with your hand? Those two little whores down there playing with your cock? You're so lucky daddy... you get all of us all to yourself..."

I stared at the scene before me and couldn't help but let a moan escape my lips.

"Yes, daddy..." said Lillian. "Let your good little sluts make you feel good. We're all yours, daddy, you can do what you want with us..." Her mouth got closer to my ear, and she began to whisper. I could feel her body shake as she stroked herself beside me. "Take us, daddy. Take all your dirty whores and use us however you please. We're here to serve you, we want your cum... Oh, daddy! I want your cum so bad... Will you give me your cum, daddy? Will you blow your hot load deep in my whore cunt? Will you fuck me and use me like the cumslut I am?"

I felt ready to blow then and there, but thanks to the powers Asta had granted me I kept control. I looked at Lillian, her face a lewd mask of deprivation. She was right. It was time I took command.

"Move aside," I said to Megan and Helena, and the two women immediately moved away, leaving my slick-wet cock standing free and hard. Violet also took this as her cue to pull my hand out of her and get shakily to her knees, eager for instruction.

I turned to Lillian, and looked her in the eyes. I could tell she knew what was coming, and I saw her eyes light up as I ordered her. "Get on my cock."

***

Asta smiled to herself. Alone in the cold, dark dungeon, she began to feel a little warmer. 

Slowly, power was returning to her. The spells she'd been putting in place were doing their job - this was far more Currency than any one person should be able to generate. 

She imagined what John must be getting up to, and the thought of it made her shudder with delight, her chains clinking.

There was a creak from somewhere in the room, and footsteps.

"Psst! Hello?"

Asta's head whipped around, and she saw the demon man Dhaljhin standing there.

"Well now... what are you doing here, hot stuff?" she asked, slowly licking her lips as she eyed the demon up and down.

Dhaljhin looked at her seriously. "I'm sorry, I can't stay. The big man would kill me if he found out. I just wanted to let you know - they're busting you out. I mean, ah..." he glanced down at Asta's heaving bosom, "as a manner of speaking."

Asta's eyes widened. "Good boy, John," she said to herself.

"So, yeah. I just came down here to grab something, thought I'd let you know."

Asta cocked an eyebrow. "What else did you come here for?"

Dhaljhin blushed, if a bright red demon could. "It's, ah... complicated. Might work, might not. Just, um..." he looked Asta squarely in the eyes. "...There's a chance there might be a kinda... feedback loop situation."

Asta frowned. "As in?"

Dhaljhin swallowed. "As in... overload. It could save you, you might explode into a fountain of pure energy and scatter to the four winds of the Afterlife, you know the drill..."

Asta knew what he meant. There had been stories before. An overload of Currency... Nobody was entirely sure what it might do.

There was even a rumour that complete overload could cause a god to become mortal.

***

We'd all been fucking for what seemed like hours. No-one was getting tired, though, and if anything the girls were making more and more bold moves on me and each other, as though we were all getting even hornier by the minute.

My hands were firmly grasped around Megan's hips as I pounded her pussy from behind, pulling her thick ass back with every thrust. The room echoed with the rhythmic, meaty smack of her jiggling asscheeks against my body, and she yelped in time as my thick cock invaded the depths of her cunt over and over again.

I watched as Lillian came over and began spanking Megan's ass as I fucked her, only to see Rosa tackle Lillian to the bed and pin her down, beginning to kiss down her fellow handmaiden's neck. Somewhere behind me on the bed, Helena was getting her asshole fisted by Violet while my girlfriend sat on her face.

I reached for Megan's tits, hanging like soft, ripe fruits, and squeezed firmly. My fingers sunk into her pillowy flesh, feeling those enormous breasts tremble with every thrust. 

Suddenly, I felt the tight, slick walls of her pussy spasm around me as she reached her climax. I kept fucking her, feeling her clench around my shaft as I filled her quivering cunt over and over.

Megan squealed in ecstasy, collapsing onto the bed with a further moan as my cock slid out of her. I kissed her lightly on the ass and left her there in a drooling, dripping mess on the bed, her pussy still convulsing in orgasm.

I made my way across the mattress to Mel, kissing my girlfriend first on the lips and then down her neck to her breasts as she rode Helena's face.

Violet, who had been wrist deep in Helena's ass, saw me approach and licked her lips at the sight of my cock, now wet with Megan's juices.

"I'll take care of that," she said to herself, grabbing me by the shaft and beginning to tug, hard and rough. Mel shakily got off Helena's face, leaving the goddess with juices all over her lips. I kissed my girlfriend again and she gave me a playful spank before crawling over to tend to Megan.

Violet winked up at me as she jerked me off, her grip tight around me. "Having fun?"

I smiled down at her, opened my mouth to respond -

Darkness.

Hard floor, cold air around me. No wind.

I blinked as my eyes adjusted to the light. A cave, huge and shadowy, with only a few flickering torches lighting the shadow from sconces on the wall. Deep red and orange lights, with no warmth.

Hanging on a wall in front of me, chained up by all four of her limbs, was my goddess, Asta.

"Hey there, big boy." She smiled down at me, a flash of a grin through the hair that had fallen across her face.

"... Where am I?" I asked. I was still naked, and still erect. There was an echoing drip as a mix of the girls' saliva and cum fell from my engorged tip.

Asta smiled, flicking her hair back out of her face. Still as gorgeous as ever. "Hell."

"Ah," I said. "That figures."

"I know what you're trying to do," she said. I looked into her green eyes and found them soft, gleaming. "I..." her form slumped a little in her shackles. "I need it. I went too far."

"I need to be back there, Asta. We're all trying our best to help you."

"No... you need to be here." Her eyes hardened for a second. "I know I told you that Currency doesn't flow as freely when you come direct to me. But in some situations... you need to go straight to the source. You're trying to create a feedback loop, right? This is the best way."

I frowned. "What are you saying?"

She fixed me with that gaze again, and for the first time I noticed her pussy, wetness shining in the light.

She said nothing, but I knew what she meant. I took a step closer, and she smiled.

My goddess, I thought to myself as I approached her. Still as beautiful as the day we'd met, when I came home to find her in my shower... I felt like just last week, and yet at the same time a lifetime ago. I'd grown since then... in more ways than one.

Asta looked me up and down, taking me in, those big green eyes full of lust and hope and more than a little fear. Her limbs chained, spread-eagled up against the wall, her hair falling messily and yet perfectly in blonde waves, her full and pert breasts heaving with each slow breath. Her pussy, I now saw, not just wet but dripping, trails of girlcum running down her inner thighs.

I strode up to her, cock in hand, and pushed the slick swollen head of my cock, the cock she had engorged time and time again with her magic, into her wet and waiting cunt as my other hand gently cradled her cheek and I kissed her.

She moaned into my mouth, soft and quiet, as I kept coming closer, drawing our bodies into one another, pushing more and more of my thick shaft inside her and feeling her tightness give way to me.

My hands wrapped around her shoulders, roaming across her back, grabbing her ass as her quiet little moans turned into an almost pathetic whimper. She bucked her hips at me weakly, looking up at me with those eyes, shining, pleading.

"Please," she whispered. "I need you."

We kissed as my cock bottomed out in her bare, tight pussy.

I held Asta tight against me as we fucked, my arms encircling her. Those impossibly perky breasts squished softly against my chest, her cascade of golden hair falling across both her shoulders and mine. She'd stopped her feeble struggle against those heavy chains and instead relaxed into my arms, letting me take her.

My cock was throbbing, massaged by her tight, hot, thoroughly soaked cunt. The ecstasy as out bodies joined was immeasurable. This was what it felt like to make love to a goddess.

I could feel my orgasm approaching, and Asta's magical gifts come into effect as I felt the power of control come with it. I could keep it at bay for as long as I wanted. But, just then, Asta raised her head slowly, her husky voice now the barest breath against my ear.

"Do it."

I kept thrusting. The control and stamina I'd gained from her had made my time as her disciple like a dream, endless hours of sexual pleasure with no heed to the limitations of a normal, mortal body.

"Do it, John."

I gripped her tight against me, the muscles in my arms bulging. That wasn't something I was used to, another product of our time together and the constant exercise these powers had granted me.

"Cum inside me."

I thrusted harder, faster. We'd only just started. I could keep going now, I didn't have to stop or slow down...

Asta pulled her head back, and stared into my eyes.

"Please. Cum for me."

In that moment, I gave in to her.

It felt unbelievable. Pleasure grew in my cock like a dull ache, then the release rocked through me, my whole body shaken with pleasure as I clung to Asta, my cock exploding inside her. I pumped thick, hot spurts of cum into her depths, our bodies trembling together, pressed tight into one another as she took my load.
