 I love table tennis! I have for a long time and I have gotten pretty decent at it over the years. I've played in many tournaments for fun and won a few. I often go down to the local rec. center and challenge any takers to play me. I have only lost once in the last five years. I'm pretty good.

Last night I was down at the rec. center kind of late. I usually like to stay right up till close on Friday nights. I had been playing against one of my usual competitors most of the evening, but he took off about half an hour before close. There were only two others there playing that night and I had never seen them before. They were women. One looked to be about my age (32) and the other appeared younger. The older woman looked to be a pretty good player, but the younger girl seemed to be struggling to keep up. After my opponent left, I sat on a chair to the side of their table and watched while they played a while.

The older woman was quite attractive. She had long red hair that was pulled back in a ponytail and bright green eyes. She looked to be maybe 5'9" or around there and had a very nice, toned body. I could see the muscles in her legs as she moved to make each shot. Her ass looked firm and muscular and her stomach was flat and part of her midriff was showing between her shirt and her shorts. She had an innie bellybutton that was perfectly round and very cute. Her breasts were pulled tight to her body by the sports bra she was wearing, but they appeared to be rather large for such a slim frame.

The younger girl looked to be about 20 and had a more curves to her. She was maybe a couple inches shorter than the other girl with shoulder-length blonde hair and sexy blue eyes. Her breasts were gigantic to the point that I was amazed she didn't just fall over from the weight. Her round ass must have balanced the weight a little. Her ass was not fat, but it had a good amount of padding on it.

I found myself growing more interested in watching the two women than the game they were playing. My mind began conjuring up all kinds of fantasies between myself and them. Lost in my daydreams, I didn't even notice when the game ended and the older woman spoke to me.

"Hey! You wanna play me?" I woke from my dream and looked at the redheaded goddess before me. "You wanna play me?" she repeated.

"Sure," I replied, "but I warn you I'm pretty good. I haven't lost in several years."

I stood up and grabbed my paddle off the seat next to me.

"You're that good, huh?" replied the redhead as her friend replaced me in the chair beside the table. I just nodded in response. "Would you want to make a wage then?" she asked.

"I don't really have any money," I replied.

"I actually had something else in mind," she said with a smirk.

"And what would that be?"

"We'll play for clothes," she suggested. "For every game you win, I will remove an article of clothing; and, for every one that I win, you remove an article of clothing."

I could not believe what she was suggesting. It was a sure chance for me to see this girl naked, which sounded pretty all right to me at that moment. But I wanted to play it cool, so I said, "I don't know." I looked her up and down once. "You'll be naked pretty quickly. Seems kind of unfair to you."

She smiled a beautiful smile that made me even more attracted to her. "How about this?" she began. "Every time you win a game, you can choose either me or Maggie (She pointed to her younger friend.) to loose an article of clothing."

Wow! What a deal. She was offering me an almost certain chance so to both her and her younger friend completely naked. Just the thought was causing a large bulge to form in the crotch of my pants. I think the girls noticed because they looked at one another and smirked.

"You have a deal," I said and moved to the far end of the table to begin. "My name is Joe, by the way."

"I'm Liz and this is Maggie," the older girl responded. "I think that we should all remove our shoes and socks before we start and not count them as clothing items."

I agreed and we all threw our shoes and socks in a pile in the corner.

We volleyed for serve and I won. The first game took just five minutes as I won 21-4. I chose Liz to remove an article of clothing and she took off her T-shirt, leaving her in shorts and a sports bra.

My excitement was building as was the protrusion in my pants. I won the second game similarly at 21-5 and Maggie removed her shirt as well. She was wearing just a regular bra that was black and barely contained all of her goods.

In the third game, my attention was not as good since I had two attractive women down to their bras in front of me, but I still pulled out the victory pretty easily at 21-10. Liz dropped her shorts to expose her leopard print thong. I almost burst out of my pants. After removing her shorts, she turned around and tossed them behind her giving me a great look at her gorgeous ass.

Game four proved to be quite a challenge. I pulled off the victory at 21-19, but she kept up with me nicely. This time it was Maggie's turn to drop her shorts. She was wearing boy shorts that clung tight to her ghetto booty. She was a little shyer about showing off her body, but I got a pretty good view of her rear end when she turned slightly to drop her pants on top of her shirt beside the chair.

In game five, I made far too many stupid mistakes and Liz managed a victory at 18-21 causing me to have to remove my shirt. Now, I am not a hunk, but I'm not terribly unattractive either. My chest, however, is not one of my strongest features. The girls seemed pretty happy just to have prevailed for once though.

I rebounded a little in the next game and pulled out a 21-16 victory, so I chose Maggie to loose another article, thinking that it would be easier for me to concentrate with her being naked than with my opponent to be naked. Maggie chose to remove her panties and surprised me when I noticed that she was completely shaven down there. At this point, she seemed to find a new boldness inside herself because when she sat back down in the chair, she did so with her legs spread open and her bald and somewhat moist pussy exposed to me in its full beauty. I wanted to quit the game and go bury my tongue in her folds, but I held it together and we continued on.

I found myself very distracted in game seven and quickly fell behind. I tried to rally, but fell short and lost the game 15-21. The girls quickly called for my pants to come off. I decided to play it up a little and did a little dance for them as I worked my jeans off of my ass and down to the floor. Then I pulled them off my feet and tossed them to the side with my shirt. The girls hooted and hollered, which I found rather flattering. I was now down to my boxers and my hard cock was clearly visible, creating a large tent in the front. Once the girls calmed themselves down, we began playing again.

The next game was close, but I just barely prevailed at the last second with a 22-20 victory. I decided to let Maggie finish her strip, so she slowly and seductively removed her bra and tossed it onto the pile of her other clothes. Her large tits burst forth when released from their confines and bounced up and down a couple times before settling once she was seated again. My cock was straining for release inside my shorts and it took every ounce of willpower I had not to just walk over and start fucking her silly. I had to hold off though until I could get Liz naked too.

I noticed Liz checking out the outline of my hard cock against my shorts and I began daydreaming a little about her pulling it out and sucking it into her mouth. She took advantage of that and gained a 5-0 lead in our eighth game. I pulled it together and started a rally. I tied it up eventually at 10 all and was preparing to serve when all the lights went out.

"Hey!" I heard Liz shout from inside the blackness.

The lights came back on and a voice came from behind me. "The rec center is closed. No one should be in here..." She froze as she saw the three of us in our various states of undress. "Anymore," she finished in almost a whisper.

"Hi Lori!" said Liz. "We're just having some fun back here. Wanna join? Joe here is pretty cocky (she paused to look down at the bulge in my shorts and wink) about his table tennis skills, so Maggie and I challenged him to show us. As you can see, he has done pretty well." She looked at Maggie and smiled. "I think he could use the extra challenge of having you on our side too. Whatta ya say? We'd love to have you!" She gave another wink, this one directed at Lori.

Lori owned the rec. center along with her husband. She looked to be in her mid-forties and had an understatedly attractive body. She always wore baggy clothes, but I could tell that what was underneath was better than her outfits let on. She was about the same height as Liz and had dark brown hair pulled back in a single braid and covered up with a baseball cap. I certainly would not mind seeing her naked, but I didn't know if I could beat Liz enough times without losing to strip Lori down and finish stripping Liz. I wasn't going to argue though if Lori decided to join.

Lori seemed a little resistant to the idea, so Liz walked over to her and whispered a couple of things in her ear. They had a brief discussion during which I heard the words 'husband,' 'bra,' and 'shave.' I had no idea the context in which these words were used though, so I tried not to read into any of it. Pretty soon, Liz returned to the table and Lori left the room.

"She decided not to join, huh?" I said to Liz with a little bit of remorse and a little bit of excitement.

"Actually," replied Liz, "she will be joining us shortly. She just has a couple pieces of business to attend to first. She said we should go ahead and continue and we can keep a tab of clothing pieces that she will need to remove as soon as she returns."

I was taken aback, but also very turned on by this turn of events. Not only did I have a chance to see the two girls before me naked, but now I might get to see another woman naked too. Three naked women in one night! It was a wet dream come true!

We continued the game we were on and I played with renewed vigor, winning 21-12. We counted that as one piece of clothing for Lori when she returned.

We played another game and I won that one easily at 21-3. That one made me think that Liz was throwing the game for some reason, but the next game she played tougher and I only won 21-16. That totaled three pieces of clothing off for Lori when she returned, so she would immediately have to strip down to just her panties.

About two points into the next game, Lori returned. She had removed her hat, but still had her baggy sweatshirt and jeans on. Liz informed her of the results of the games played while she was away and seemed to take a lot of pleasure in sharing that news. Lori shot a dirty look at Liz, but began removing her sweatshirt. I was unbelievably surprised and delighted when her sweatshirt came up over her breasts revealing that she was not wearing a bra. She had rather large, yet very firm breasts. They were not as round as Maggie's, but at least as large. And her nipples protruded out like missile launchers ready to fire upon command. I found myself longing to suck one of them into my mouth and just nibble on it for the rest of the night.

For an older woman, she was very fit and her skin looked soft and smooth. Liz looked to be enjoying the sight as much as I was. I noticed Maggie was rather turned on as well because two of the fingers on her right hand had found their way into her pussy and were pumping in and out of her like pistons. That sight almost sent me over the edge. I could barely contain myself and my boxers were not really containing my massively engorged members. The head of my cock was fully noticeable as it peeked out the leg on my shorts, but I was the only one realizing that at the moment because all eyes were still on Lori.

The second article of clothing that she removed was her jeans. She undid the button and unzipped them before wriggling out of them and tossing them on the floor with her shirt. She was wearing rather boring cotton panties, but she still looked tremendously sexy. I knew that she would not be wearing those panties long because she still had one more article of clothing to remove, which meant that I was about to see her naked. Even though it seemed impossible for my cock to get any harder, I swear that it did as Lori reached down, grasped the waistband of her panties and pulled them to the floor. She was facing away from me when she did it, so I got a beautiful view of her tight, sexy ass. I could tell that she worked out her ass because as she bent down, I could see her flexing ass muscles. I also got a brief peek at her snatch as she pulled the panties off her feet. She too was cleanly shaven down there just as Maggie was. I was hoping she would turn around so I could get a better look at her now fully naked body. Instead, she turned and walked over to where Maggie sat and plopped down in a chair next to her. She kept her legs mostly closed, so I couldn't get a very good look. Lori gave me a quick smile and a glance at my erection and then began chatting with Maggie.

Liz and I began another game. I had to win two more to have all three ladies naked, so I knew I needed to bear down. My massive hard-on was making things difficult, but I still pulled off a victory at 21-19. It was now evened up and down to one last game. Liz decided to remove her bra, claiming that it was hurting her. I think she just wanted to show off her gorgeous tits to me and distract me even more so I would lose the final game.

Her tits were fabulous! They were beautifully pert and each a perfect handful (or mouthful, which was more what I had in mind). Her nipples were large and slightly hardened by the coolness of the room. I couldn't take much more of this. I had to win as quickly as possible. Liz served first and I pulled out every trick shot I could muster. I managed to gain a strong lead early.

During my first turn serving, I made the mistake of glancing over at Maggie and Lori. They both had their legs spread wide open now and were fingering one another. I dropped a quick two points, but knew I needed to regain my composure and win this. I tried to get the image out of my head for the moment and concentrate on the game. That was nearly impossible, but I was able to focus enough to pull into a 10-5 lead.

Then, as I gathered up the ball for my second turn serving, I glanced at the two naked girls again. Lori had moved off of her seat and was now burying her tongue deep into the folds of Maggie's young, shaved pussy. I could not believe my eyes. I wanted to forfeit the game immediately and join them. But I knew that if I could hang on and win this game, I could have even more fun.

I pulled myself together as best I could and kept playing. Lucky for me, the two girls going at it twenty feet away seemed to be distracting Liz as much as it was me. I managed to win all the points on my serve to run the lead to 15-5. When Liz began her serve, she could barely get the ball over the net because she was so interested in watching her friend and Lori going at it. She managed to pull out a couple of points though and we went into my serve with a score of 18-7.

I was getting very excited and not just because of the naked women around me. I was about to win the final match and I would have three naked women at my disposal. I forced myself to block out the action that was going on between Maggie and Lori. I had to concentrate. I quickly won the first two serves and had game point. I got the feeling that Liz had pretty much given up at this point and was as ready as I was to be done with table tennis. I hit the final serve across the net and Liz just watched it bounce on her side of the table, over the edge, and onto the floor. She didn't even take a swing at it. She just set her paddle down on the table, slipped her thong down off her hips and onto the floor, stepped out of it, and walked the length of the table before stopping in front of me, completely naked.

I was frozen solid as Liz stood before me with her gorgeous body on full display. She had a smile on her face as she glanced down at my shorts. Then she reached down and grabbed the waistband. She pulled them to the floor in one swipe and went to her knees before me. My cock sprung from it confines as the cotton material released it into the open air. It was practically impaling her forehead as she kneeled before me. Her hand found my shaft very quickly and she stroked my engorged member gently while examining it closely. I just watched as she took the head of my cock into her mouth. Her tongue quickly found the pleasure point just below the head and I closed my eyes, fully savoring the feeling.

While my eyes were closed, I felt hands coming around from behind me and enveloping my chest. And I felt a woman's naked body press up against my back. The sensation was unbelievable and, combined with the amazing blowjob I was receiving from Liz, almost sent me over the edge. Just seconds later, I felt a moist warmth on my testicles and soon realized that someone had begun to suck on them. I opened my eyes slightly to glimpse who it was and saw Maggie's head down there with my sack in her mouth. Her hands were all over Liz's tits and I saw that Liz was busy fingering herself. That meant that the body pressed against my back must be Lori.

The feeling of the three women working on me was amazing and I couldn't hold out any longer. My whole body tensed up and Liz's tongue worked even harder as she realized what was about to happen. Within seconds, my hot liquid was pouring down Liz's throat and she gobbled it up as best she could. Soon she was forced to release my cock from her mouth though it continued to spray its juices. A shot of cum landed on Liz's right cheek and another on her cleavage. A third shot fell on her leg and the final bit dribbled down the shaft onto Maggie's face as she released my balls from her mouth.

Maggie crawled through my legs and proceeded to clean the cum off of Liz's body with her tongue. Lori moved her hands down my chest until they found my now semi-erect cock. She carefully stroked it as her naked body continued to press into my back and her head peaked over my shoulder to see the show the Maggie and Liz had begun to put on for us.

After cleaning the cum off of Liz's cheek and cleavage, Maggie licked the last bit off her leg and then traveled quickly to Liz's crotch. Liz laid down and opened her legs to give Maggie full access. Maggie looked like a pro as she licked and sucked at Liz's clit and labia. Watching Maggie with her tongue buried in Liz's snatch combined with Lori's masterful stroking of my cock had me hard again in no time, which seemed to please Lori quite a bit as she moved up against the ping pong table and turned me to face her. I reached around her, grabbed her by the ass cheeks, and lifted her up onto the table. She grabbed a hold of my penis and guided it into her sopping wet pussy. Once my cock was fully embedded inside her, she wrapped her legs around me and helped to guide my motions as I pistoned in and out of her. My mouth found her left nipple, which I sucked and nibbled while we fucked.

Apparently, Liz and Maggie had finished what they were doing because Maggie had come up next to me and had begun working on Lori's right nipple. I couldn't see where Liz had gone, but I soon felt her as her hand found my scrotum and began massaging it as I pumped my cock into the hot older owner of this fine rec center.

I knew it wouldn't be long before I blew my load and Lori seemed to realize that too cause she whispered in my ear, "I wanna feel you cum inside me. Fuck me hard and fill me with your hot cum. Come on, baby. Fuck me hard. That's it!" Then her whispers turned to moans as her own orgasm approached.
