 Here's part three of the story. Thanks for the feedback so far, I'm doing my best to keep it from being the same old 'suck and fuck story' as someone put it so nicely. Hope you enjoy the next instalment. All comments appreciated.

---------------------------------------------

Jake had brought something else down with him to add to the evening's entertainment, and now he moved behind Jenny to slide a blue cotton scarf over her eyes.

"Oi" she cried again, "at least let me wipe my face first."

Jake consented and Jenny took the opportunity to clean the streak of cum from her face, scrubbing at it hard. Next she wiped at the cum across her tits and stomach, mopping as much up as she could on the soft material, in an attempt to restore a little dignity.

It didn't work.

Naked but for a cum-stained scarf tied across her eyes, Jenny lay stretched out on the floor. Jake looked over at me and winked – what a sight she was.

It was my turn with the camera and I wasted no time shooting some more footage of her delicious body. I started with her blindfolded face and then panned down across her pert tits. I could tell she was feeling self conscious and vulnerable and she shifted a little uncomfortably.

As her hips moved the camera got a glimpse of her moist cleft and I moved in for a closer shot. She lay there unaware of the intruding presence of the camera as I moved the lens towards her thighs and in for an extreme close-up of her pussy. Jake slid his hand up her thigh and spread her cunt lips apart to give an even more explicit view, and Jenny gasped softly at his delicate touch.

As her wet cunt filled the viewfinder Jake slipped a single finger between her slick pussy lips and inserted it in her up to the knuckle. She shivered as he slid out again, his finger wet with her juices.

As he repeated the procedure Jake spoke quietly to her. "We're filming your wet twat now Jenny." 

She twitched and a blush spread across her chest and up her neck.

"Extreme close up."

Her breathing was heavy and her pussy seemed to moisten even more on camera.

"We can see everything Jenny, your pussy lips, your clit."

He stroked her engorged clit gently and she sighed out in pleasure.

"You like that Jenny?" Jake asked arrogantly. "Does it feel good when I touch your clit?"

"Mmmm" she murmured in agreement, as the blush spread further across her body. Jake stroked her again, and used a finger from his other hand to probe inside her at the same time.

"You've got a tight little cunt Jenny," he sneered as her rubbed her obscenely, "but a wet one."

As he teased her clit with one finger he slipped a second inside of her and began to slide in and out more rapidly. Jenny began to pant louder as her body responded to his touch.

As much as Jake was enjoying the role of manipulator he wanted some 'manipulation' himself, and he rotated his body until his thighs were over her face. She heard the movement but was unable to place what was happening until she felt the tip of Jake's cock pressing against her lips. I zoomed in on her blindfolded face as her mouth opened wide to accept the hard throbbing cock above her.

Now it was Jake's turn to breathe heavily.

Through the viewfinder I could see the impression of his dick bulging through her cheek as he began to fuck her face. Then suddenly he pressed forward further and his dick seemed to slip deep into her throat. She took it like a pro – a deep throat queen, and the effect on Jake was obvious – he shuddered in pleasure.

Pulling out slightly so as not to choke her, Jake returned his attention between her legs and as his fingers spread her pussy wider, his tongue darted out at her clit.

As she felt his warm mouth at her cunt, Jenny thrust her hips up to his face and groaned out in arousal. I moved back to get a wider shot of this lewd sixty-nine, as the participants humped against each others mouths.

Still blindfolded, Jenny seemed to have no problem giving her second blow-job of the night and had reached up to grip his dick in her slender hand. She began to move it slowly, jerking his cock into her sucking mouth and his hips began to wriggle in excitement.

"And in this race to the climax, who will cum first?" I commentated in amusement while switching shots between both sets of legs. "Will it be her mouth or his tongue that prevails?"

They both seemed oblivious to my teasing, but after a while it was obvious that Jenny's skilled lips were going to tease Jake to his orgasm first.

He began to grunt out in exertion as he licked at her cunt and with a final few thrusts of his groin against her face he began to cum. As he pushed his dick hard into her mouth Jenny swallowed hard three times, gulping at his salty cum.

After swallowing for a final time she began to choke on his dick and Jake rolled quickly off her.

"You bastard" she spluttered as she got her breath back, "you nearly choked me!"

"Sorry" gasped Jake, still coming down from his orgasm. "I just couldn't help myself. Your lips... you're.... wow..." he mumbled.

Jenny smiled proudly. "It was good?" she asked. She knew the answer already but wanted to hear his praise.

"Oh yes," he answered. "Oh yes. You're a natural born cock-sucker."

He moved back against the sofa and reached for his vodka, in need of a drink.

"Where do you think you're going?" asked Jenny impatiently. "Some of us were just starting to enjoy ourselves." 

She leaned back and spread her legs provocatively.