 Liz tried to concentrate on her calculus homework, but she couldn't help listening to the bed squeaking down the hallway. It was already 12:30, jeez. When would she be able to go to sleep? It had been half an hour and the squeaks were coming faster now, telling her that they were almost done, so that gave her hope. 

Jen, Liz's roommate, was known around campus as the girl to go to when you needed to fuck somebody. Whether you had a date that flopped, your girlfriend was out of town, or were just looking to get lucky after a party, Jen was there to fill the need. But she didn't put out for free. She took cash and card, a regular entrepreneur thanks to Square and other money handling apps. Needless to say, the line of customers metaphorically extended out the door, although they were much more covert than that. She only communicated over text, never in person, and rarely interacted with her customers outside the bedroom. 

"Fuck! Give me that cum! That's right." 

This was the signal Lizzie had been waiting for, Jennifer's last customer was finally done. That was the sound of an easy 75$ being made, along with a free orgasm. There was some quiet shuffling behind the door as the guy pulled his pants back on and Jennifer slipped into some underwear and a camisole, as she always did. After some muffled talking, the door opened and out walked a skinny guy that was in Liz's calculus class. He caught Liz's eyes and felt obligated to say something.

"Oh. Hey, Liz. I didn't know you lived here." 

Liz gave him a flat look. "I'm Jen's roommate." 

He shuffled his feet. 

"Oh. Ready for the midterm on Friday?", he asked. 

"I think so. How about you? Were you studying with Jen?" 

Liz loved asking questions she knew would make guys uncomfortable. The poor guy turned red and mumbled some non discernable answer. For Christ's sake, he wasn't even soft again yet, but that's what Jen did to guys. And that's why they paid her so willingly. His dick pushed out against his pants, highlighting an unimpressive endowment. While he stood, the door opened behind him and out walked Jen. Her face was flushed red in the cheeks and her skin glowed with that after sex aura. Jen seemed to be glowing all the time. 

"What are you still doing here? I've gotta go to bed!", she said looking at the guy. 

He instantly got the point and made his way to the door. He said "Sorry," as the suite door clicked shut behind him.

"Have you been out here this whole time?" Jen asked.

"Uh, yeah. Just been studying for a midterm Friday." 

Jen gave her a bored look and walked over to the suite window. Her body was to die for, a trim waist and thick ass that jiggled in her boyshorts every time she took a step. Apparently it was 45 inches around her hips and butt, a statistic that she bragged about to different guys she was trying to have sex with, as well as to Liz, whose butt was mostly flat. Jen wasn't very tall, standing only 5 foot 3, but she made up for it with her fertile and feminine build. Her hair fell in red curls around her pale freckled shoulders. Her breasts (38DD according to the bras she left lying around) were pressed up against the frosty window in her cami. The heat from her tits made the cold glass fog up. 

"If I get another guy like that, I'm gonna freak out. I make it clear that I only take guys over seven inches. If I'm gonna keep making money like this, I might as well enjoy it, right? God this feels great on my tits."

She closed her eyes as she pressed herself harder against the cool glass.

"Cold nights like this make guys wanna shack up more. They all just want some big tits to keep them warm." 

Liz hated it when Jen came out of her room and bragged like this. Although she was good looking herself, Liz didn't have nearly as impressive a body as Jen. Her prized asset was her face, and it had given her some luck, but she felt like guys only truly cared about a good set of tits and a big ass. Jen, although having a more girlish "pixie" sort of face, had a body that gave her her pick of any guy she wanted. 

"Ok, well I'm gonna go to bed," yawned Liz. "I have to get up early to go to track practice." 

Jen turned away from the chilled window, her nipples poking through her already stretched camisole. She didn't care if Liz saw.

"Oh, I have one more guy coming over tonight. Is that okay? Friday nights are busy for me." 

She wasn't wrong. This will have been the 7th guy that night. Maybe it was the cold, who knew. Lizzie bit her lip. "Yeah I guess that's fine." 

"Great, thanks Liz." Her phone buzzed and she checked the screen, the light illuminating her ample cleavage. "That's him now." 

Jen opened the suite door and a tall, trim, brown haired guy walked in. He was fairly attractive, but Liz wondered why Jen was even staying up to see this guy. He wasn't that great, and it was getting late. As she eyed him over, Liz caught what Jen was likely interested in. Swinging between his legs inside thin athletic shorts was a long mass that was hard not to notice. She guessed it to be about 6 inches soft and plenty thick. Her heart rate picked up. 

"You ready?" Jen asked as she grabbed his hand. Without even waiting for an answer, she pulled him to the bedroom and shut the door. Liz stared at the door in surprise. She'd never seen Jen so eager to get with someone. Usually she had them wait in the bedroom while she made more appointments via text with other customers in the common room. But with this guy it was straight to the point. She could already hear the bedsprings start up again. What, no foreplay even? Jen must have been ready for him. 

Liz felt the blood rush to her face as she listened to the sounds coming from her bedroom. She hated how Jen didn't even seem to care how much it embarrassed her to have to hear this every few nights. In fact, Jen seemed to rub it in her face that she was getting laid and making money. Liz practically couldn't spend any time in her own room on nights like this. She pictured her framed family photos falling off the top of her desk as the fucking from Jen's bed became more intense. She pictured her track trophies tipping over, bowing to Jen's prowess in the sack. Even though she got better grades and was certain to have a more lucrative future, she was always reminded that, in terms of sex, Jen would always win. That's why she never went to parties or other social events with her. Nobody even saw her when she was next to Jen.

"Oh FUCK," she heard Jen cry from the room. She heard his balls slapping heavily against Jen's ass and thighs. From the sheer volume she could tell they were big enough to match the size of his dick. She wasn't surprised though, Jen was a size queen after all, and her build was perfect for getting roughed up and tossed around a bit.

For her body, it was all genetics. She was second generation Irish, her mother having immigrated from Dublin before she was born. It was from her that she inherited the pale skin, red curls, thick legs and buttocks, tiny waist, and big full tits typical of many working class Irish women. Occasionally when she was having an orgasm, she'd even drop a few words in Gaelic. She never knew who her father was, considering how sexually active her mother had been in her early 20's. She'd doubtlessly also inherited her mother's libido. 

From the first few times she tried missionary and rode guys at parties, she knew that guys with bigger dicks made her feel better. Eventually she moved onto rougher positions like doggystyle, which quickly became her favorite. In order to fully penetrate past her big buttocks, they had to pack at least 7 inches, which is how she got her standard screening measurement for guys trying to sleep with her.

Liz stood up from the couch and tip toed over to the bedroom door. She pressed her ear up against it to listen. 

"Oh fuck. Oh fuck, give it to me. Get that pussy." 

The sound of his balls told her that they were still doing doggystyle. As predicted, she could hear her family pictures falling from her desk as the sex got rougher. All of a sudden, the sounds stopped. Liz froze. Her pants pocket buzzed softly in the silence. Taking small quiet steps back from the door, she checked her phone. She got a text message from Jen!

Jen: are u outside our door?

Liz's stomach dropped. Had she been caught? She thought up an answer that would hopefully shut Jen down. 

"No, but im pretty sure the whole floor can hear you anyways." 

With a smirk, she pressed send. After a few seconds of nervous waiting, a response. 

Jen: you should come in if you want

Liz stared at the phone in disbelief. Was Jen pulling some joke on her, or was she seriously being invited to a threesome? 

"What are you talking about? Seriously? You guys are clearly doing private things in there." 

A few more seconds. Muffled talking from the bedroom.

Jen: Seriously u should come in here. It'll be fun, this guy has enough dick for 2 girls anyways. 

Liz kept her eyes glued to the screen. After a few moments, the bedsprings started squeaking again. Looks like Jen wasn't even going to wait for a response. For some reason this didn't sit right with Liz. As if Jen expected her to turn down the offer and decided to keep on going without her. Did she think Liz was a prude or something? With a stomach full of butterflies and a mind full of expectation, Liz inched toward the door. She heard the heavy, dull thudding of his dick pounding deep into her roommate. 

Another buzz from Jen's phone, which was still clutched in her hand. 

Jen: i figured you wouldnt want to, but id give you half the pay if you joined. He seems into it. Likes threesomes. 

With that, Liz felt her body get ready for sex. Her nipples felt sensitive against her tshirt. Her legs shook with anticipation. Her face flushed in the cheeks. Was Jen really texting her while getting fucked? I guess the guy couldn't help but keep drilling into her. Was she really that good in bed? Guess it was time to find out. 

Liz grabbed the knob and opened the door. She stepped in and shut the door quickly behind her. Holding her breath, she looked over to Jen's bed. 

Jen was splayed out on the bed, her ass and hips propped up, her face buried in a pillow. The guy, whose name Liz still didn't know, sunk his dick balls deep into her from behind. She saw Jen's nails dig into the headboard. He must be bottoming her out, Liz thought. Wow, how much dick could Jen take? 

A lot apparently. 

Jen looked out from the side of the pillow that was smooshed against her face. 

"You've joined us! Derek, pull out real quick okay?" 

"Is this gonna count for time while I'm not in you?" 

"Jesus Derek," said Jen, "Just pull out, you can fuck me all night if you want." 

With that encouragement, Derek slid his thick member out from inside Jen. Liz watched in awe as he kept pulling out. When his thick, spade-shaped head wetly slid out, his entire length sagged from its own weight down past where his balls hung. It must have been 8 or 9 inches long, and thick like a spear. Heavy drops of precum fell onto the sheets. 

"Liz this is Derek. He's the vice president of the business club." 

Liz gave a meek smile and continued eyeing the dick that was only moments ago filling up Jen. She couldn't find any words to say, so she just stood there in awkward silence. Derek began to get impatient.

"Here, just watch us for a second." Suddenly, Derek pushed his dick balls deep back into Jen's pussy. Jen could only gasp in shock and pleasure as his dick knocked the wind out of her stomach. She took short and shallow breaths. 

Liz watched in awe, and slight alarm, as Derek pounded deep thrusts into Jen. Even with her big thighs and ample cheeks taking most of the shock, his dick easily bottomed her out. Liz had no idea what it felt like to have a dick that big inside her. Derek grabbed a handful of ass in each hand and pounded harder into her pussy. Jen hadn't made a sound or rightly been able to get a full breath for around a minute. She was getting lightheaded, but it was wonderful. Having that big of a dick in her took a lot of concentration and effort. 

Derek's balls swung out from under him with every thrust. They swung underneath and thudded against Jen's clit every time his dick sank deep. Liz, whose curiosity had gotten the better of her at this point, walked forward and put her right hand just underneath his swinging balls. She felt the weight of them brush across her palm. They felt heavy and substantial. The type of balls that have no problems getting women pregnant. She grabbed onto them as they swung back into her hand. Her fingers could barely get around both of them. Slowly at first, she began working them in her hand, just like she'd seen Jen do with guys at bars and parties. She gave them a slight tug and a squeeze, slowing down his thrusts. 

"Liz, come up here with me," Jen said between breaths. 

Liz let go of his balls and crawled up to where Jen's face and chest was pressed into a pillow. She was flushed the prettiest red Liz had ever seen. Her full lips parted in quick breaths. She smelled like sex. 

Liz pulled the pillow out from under Jen and slid in its place. Jen gave a quick smile and a laugh. Taking that as a cue, Liz grabbed one of Jen's soft breasts and gave it a squeeze. Jen's girlish smile turned into a devilish grin. She pressed down and kissed Liz hard on the lips. Liz tasted cherries on her mouth. 

When the kiss parted, Jen looked back towards Derek. 

"Give Liz a turn. She's plenty ready, I can feel it from here." 

Liz awkwardly closed her thighs as she realized how much heat was coming off her. She was practically incandescent. 

Derek pulled his dick out of Jen and gave her a rest. She slumped forward smiling, her soft tits pressed up against Liz's shoulder. They were perfect, Liz thought. Jen had such a woman's body. 

Jen crawled off and let Derek push himself between Liz's thighs. Liz gasped as she felt Derek's head work its way into her pussy. After a minute or so, the full head was inside. Liz felt it press up against the sides of her pussy. Over the next few seconds, Derek slowly filled Liz up, sinking his dick deeper inside her. She had never felt anything so satisfying. All of the guys she had been with weren't nearly this big. 

Suddenly, Derek began thrusting harder. Just like had happened to Jen, his dick knocked her breath away. Everything seemed to go quieter around her as she concentrated on the fullness she felt inside of her. His heavy balls slapped against her ass, making dull thudding noises. The feeling of them hitting her brought Liz her first orgasm. She shuddered and felt her pussy pulse against the dick that was buried deep in her. Derek simply held his dick in place and let Liz ride it out. 

As soon as she was done, he quickly pulled out and sunk himself into Jen, who was already in position, face down ass up. Liz was taken aback at how casually Derek switched between the girls. He grabbed Jen's hips with his hands and pulled her back onto him. Jen gave a cry as he bottomed out in her. Her big ass heaved with every thrust, jiggling underneath Derek's hands. He squeezed her ass harder as he pushed into her, deeper and deeper. Jen felt like she was about to lose consciousness, her pussy felt so good. She was completely numb. Her insides were being dug out by his spade-like head, but she didn't care. It felt like he was up in her stomach. 

His cum heavy balls slammed harder and harder into her clit. His dick pushed deeper and deeper. Jen couldn't take it anymore. Her whole body shook as she pushed back onto him in orgasm. She felt his head grow bigger inside of her. With one final thrust, he pushed his dick up as far as it could go. Jen practically screamed. Liz grabbed Derek's balls as they emptied. His dick pulsed as the semen flowed through it up into her roommate's fertile body. Of course he'd choose to finish in Jen and not her. He came for about thirty seconds before he was finished.

Derek slowly drew his dick out of Jen, inch by inch. A thick strand of semen dripped from his head when it finally emerged, slick and glistening. Jen sat up and took a deep breath. Her breasts seemed to have grown since the night began. The pale skin on them glowed bright pink. Her body radiated heat. It took her a few moments to catch her breath, her dark eyebrows furrowed against her flushed face.

"You dicked us down good, Derek," she said.

Derek, who knew that he had access to both girls for the rest of the night, started dozing off. His dick grew softer, but it still hung thick and heavy. Jen laughed and looked at Liz. 

"He always does this. But you know what, his dick is so good that I let him. Anyways, he'll probably be waking us up a few more times tonight for more sex, so be ready."

Jen curled up next to Derek, her big tits pressed up against him. Liz lay on his other side, but facing away. Before falling asleep, Jen made the decision to not wake Liz up for the next session with Derek. She didn't want to share his dick with anyone else. 

And she got it three more times that night.