 Liz Bradshaw prowled around her spacious apartment, a double shot of vodka in hand. Her angular face bare of any makeup, revealed a good-looking woman just shy of forty who was both lonely and depressed.

Mr. Bradshaw had left with no warning some five months back. Liz later learned he'd run off with a twenty year old, leaving Liz with all the bills. Fortunately, she had a decent job as administrator for the Catholic Church in the New Orleans diocese and made do with what she had. Adding to her plight of loneliness at the moment was the fact that her best friend, Midge Rowland, was off skiing in Switzerland.

She ran her hand through her unkempt hair and swallowed the remainder of her overly strong drink, then plopped down in the leather recliner that her husband had loved, or at least Liz thought he'd loved.

She sat there staring off into space until her hand relaxed and the glass fell to the highly glossed oak flooring.

"Shit!" Liz cursed, and then felt immediate remorse and asked God to forgive her for swearing. As Liz went about cleaning up the spilled drink she came across an envelope underneath the recliner and held it in one hand at arms length, and then squinting with one eye, she slowly read what was written on the envelope.

Dear Liz:

I feel terrible for abandoning you in your time of need.

But if things really get bad, please, please, please, take my advice and call the number

I've listed below. I guarantee they'll perk you up 100%.

All my love, 

Midge

At the end of the note was a phone number for Delectable Delights, which Liz surmised was an escort service. She was well aware that Midge made use of them, having been divorced for six years and having no intention of remarrying.

Liz walked into the kitchen carrying the envelope, intent on throwing it away in the trash.

But Midge's words, "Please, please, please, take my advice," rang in her ears and she picked up the cell phone lying on the kitchen counter and dialed the number.

After two rings, a sultry feminine voice on the other end of the line answered, "Delectable Delights, Zara speaking, how may I help you?"

Liz was so nervous, that she dropped the cell. Quickly she knelt and retrieved it. "Sorry, I dropped the damn phone," she stammered.

"How may I help you?" Zara repeated.

"I... um, I'm a friend of Midge Rowland and her... she told me to give you a call."

"Midge Rowland?" I have no listing for that name."

"Oh..." all the wind seemed to have left Liz's lungs.

"But that's not unusual," Zara prattled on. "Most callers prefer to remain anonymous."

"Oh," Liz repeated, but this time with added confidence.

"Would you like to make an appointment? Our rates are $200 for the first hour and $150 an hour after that."

"Um, I've never... visited an establishment like yours before. What's customary?"

"First timer, eh? Perhaps you should start with an hour. If you want to continue on, well we can accommodate you easily enough."

"Yes, an hour seems... fine."

"And when would you like to come by? Or perhaps you want us to come to you?"

"Today? I can come by this later this afternoon?"

"Let's see," Zara said, and then paused. "Good, we have an opening at four this afternoon. How is that for you?"

Liz thought frantically. That was two hours from now. She had to do her hair and so many other things she thought it impossible.

"I don't know... four is cutting it awfully close."

"Hmm, the next slot is at seven... is that better, Ms?"

"That's perfect Zara, just perfect. Seven it is! Oh, and the name is Bradshaw."

Zara seemed pleased that the caller had remembered her name and arranged for Ms. Bradshaw to have Mike or Danni available for her, then said, "See you then, and thank you for selecting Delectable Delights."

At seven sharp, Liz Bradshaw, hair carefully styled and wearing a new dress and new under garments walked into the small office of Delectable Delights.

Zara, a woman of indeterminate age sat behind the reception desk and glance up as Liz entered.

"Ms. Bradshaw?"

"Yes, you must be Zara," and she extended her hand in greeting.

Surprised, Zara took her hand and shook it as she appraised the woman standing before her.

"I hope your time here will be more than enjoyable!" Zara said with a wide smile that showed her recently whitened teeth to best advantage. "Now what did you have in mind?"

"Quite frankly, I don't know," Liz told her.

A tear welled up in Liz's eye and streamed down her left cheek as the other eye filled.

Zara took pity on her and quickly offered Liz a tissue, which Liz accepted.

"I... I'm terribly sorry. My husband left me some months ago and . . . ."

"You haven't given this any real thought, have you?" Zara said, not unkindly.

"I guess not. I suppose I expected a tall, dark and handsome man to be waiting for me," she finished lamely.

"And so he shall... that is if you really want a man."

"What!" Liz exclaimed, ready to panic.

"Please, let me explain," Zara said holding up her hands as if to ward off a blow.

"I was going to suggest..." Zara began, "Um, it's been my experience that our mature women, and by that I do not mean elderly. That our mature women often find solace and enjoyment if they begin with a younger woman."

Zara searched Liz's eyes for the answer before Liz had formulated one.

Liz finally began to respond, but got no further than, "I... I..."

"Zara got up and came out from behind the desk and placed a hand on Liz's shoulder.

"Now it may sound strange. In fact, it is strange. But hear me out, Liz. Being with another woman will generate far less pressure than being with a man would. I mean, with a man you'll undoubtedly feel a need to satisfy his needs when it's your own needs that require attention. A woman can do exactly that."

"Oh!" Liz sighed, instantly regretting having come to this place. Then she had second thoughts about what Zara had told her. 'She's right, ' Liz thought, 'a woman would understand what I've been going through. I seriously doubt a man would.'

"You should know that I... I've never been with a woman before."

"Let's give it a try, shall we?" Zara said with new unbridled enthusiasm. "Tell you what, if for some reason you find you can't do it, we'll switch and bring a guy in. How does that sound?"

"It sounds like you run a business that really wants the client happy."

"That's us!" Zara chirped, then picked up her phone and pressed an extension. "Willow? Would you please come to the front desk, please?"

"I'm sure you'll find Willow to be everything you want," Zara said, as a strikingly beautiful woman, perhaps six feet tall entered the room wearing a light blue negligee.

Liz couldn't help but stare; for Willow's large nipples were visible through the gauzy material. What's more, Liz glanced downward and saw a tuft of blonde pubic hair covering Willow's mons.

Liz's hand went to her mouth in shock.

"You can do this," Zara said, and reached for Liz's hand, then gave it a squeeze. Then to Willow, she said, "Liz is a virgin Sappho wise. Be kind, be caring." Turning back to Liz she said, "Go with her, you'll see I was right about this."

With a great deal of trepidation, Liz followed Willow down a corridor lined with doors. At number 12, Willow knocked twice before entering. When Liz entered, she saw that the room was sparsely furnished, but what furniture and accessories there were, were of the finest quality.

'Why had Willow knocked on the door?' Liz wondered, and then saw another door that provided a second exit from the room. 'Someone might have been in here, ' she thought, and then asked Willow if that was the case.

"Yes, it's possible. I always knock to avoid embarrassing anyone. This room is supposed to be unoccupied, and it was, but I barged in on someone a year ago and caused a great deal of embarrassment because the client was rather well known. "

She gave Liz a beatific smile, and said, "So I knock, even if the room is supposed to be unoccupied."

"I understand," Liz responded.

"Would you care for a glass of wine?" Willow inquired.

"Yes, that would be nice, thank you."

The two women each had a drink of wine and made small talk, then placing her wineglass on a small teak table, Willow stood up and said, "Let me get more comfortable for you," and walked into a small bathroom.

Liz nervously swallowed the remainder of her wine and refilled her glass. Her foot tapped relentlessly on the carpeted floor. Suddenly, Willow reappeared and Liz gasped out loud. Willow was standing nude before her.

"Do I meet with your approval?"

Liz swallowed and then haltingly spoke. "Very much so, Willow."

Liz's fingers fluttered over her own cheek and she forced herself to speak again. "Um, please... call me Liz, okay?"

A soft smile crept across the Willow's face as she answered, "Well, Liz, let me help you out of those clothes so we can make you a little more comfortable, okay?" 

As Willow began to unbutton the front of Liz's blouse, the older woman pushed her hand away and said, "I'm a little nervous about this. Um, over the years I've put on a little weight, and well, I'm just embarrassed about how I look."

Willow giggled and replied, "Don't be embarrassed, Liz, you have huge boobs, and I just love it when they're big."

Hearing the beautiful young woman talking about her breasts in such a light hearted manner caused Liz to blush with embarrassment.

"Oh, dear," Willow whispered when Liz's encased breasts came into view, "I'm gonna love sucking on those, hurry up and get naked so we can get in the tub together."

Confused, Liz asked, "Tub? What tub?"

Then peeking over Willow's shoulder, she saw the edge of what must have been a hot tub. Pulling away from Willow for a moment, Liz walked to the doorway and was delighted to find that the small bathroom wasn't small at all; this bath was twice the size of the bedroom itself.

"Why... it's huge!" Liz gasped.

"Isn't it though? Most of our guests are delighted with it."

"I'm sure they are. I certainly am." Liz felt less nervous and turned back to Willow.

"What next?"

"Let's lose the skirt," Willow suggested, and Liz undid the buttons and pulled down the zipper and let the skirt fall to the floor. A moment later she slithered out of her panty hose and stood there naked. Willow immediately pressed her face into Liz's breasts and kissed them all over, taking special care to nip on Liz's rapidly hardening nipples.

"Y... you do that so well," Liz gasped, already panting with excitement, thinking how right Zara had been about using a woman for her first experience.

"Willow, I... I want you to understand... it's been a long time for me.

"Then we'll start slow," Willow whispered in her ear before nipping at the lobe and sending a thrilling tingle to the spot between Liz's legs.

"Most women want me to nurse on their nipples to begin with," Willow said softly, "They like to pretend I'm really a little girl who needs to be breast fed. Does that sound good to you? I mean, would you like to nurse me like I was a baby?"

"Umm, yes," Liz hissed, as Willow's deft tongue flicked at a stiffened bud

Liz drew in her breath and moaned delightedly as Willow took a nipple between her teeth and nipped it.

"You have such a pretty body, Willow."

"Thank you, I try to keep it fit."

Liz rambled on. "And your pussy, do you always keep it shaved so smoothly?"

"Mmmmm..." Willow sighed as she sucked contentedly on first the right nipple and then the left.

Out of the side of her mouth Willow half whispered, half sighed, "Do you like it shaven?"

"Err, yes... yes I do."

Willow removed the nipple from her mouth and kissed Liz on the mouth. Liz was stunned at the incredible softness of the woman's lips on hers and felt her knees melting. Opening her mouth in surprise at the effect of the kiss, she was stunned to find Willow's tongue darting into her mouth, licking over her gums and palate and the response of her own tongue as it picked up the challenge and began to duel with Willow's.

Liz groaned into Willow's mouth as the kiss lingered on much longer than either woman had thought it would.

Finally, Willow pulled away. "Whew! That was some kiss!"

"Yes," Liz responded after two heartbeats, "Quite a kiss."

Willow moved down and caressed Liz's breasts. "I'm going to suck them for a while, okay?"

"Oh please do!"

Willow looked up and met Liz's eyes. "And after I'm done nursing, I think that you'll be ready to suck my little vagina, won't you?"

"Oh, my," Liz moaned, and not wanting to answer the question, said, "You have me literally dripping already! Can we hop into the tub?"

Without answering, Willow gracefully entered the hot tub and slipped down into the foamy bubbles. Liz followed her, albeit less gracefully; but she was still capable of a great deal of feminine charm. Once in the warm soothing waters of the spa, Liz's breasts fairly floated on the surface, making her nipples and easy target for the orally fixated Willow.

With Willow holding her in her arms like a baby, Liz let the water relax every muscle in her body -- that is, except for the muscles in her pussy, which seemed to tighten and relax with every suck and nibble by Willow's insistent mouth.

"After several minutes of this delightful play, Liz cooed, "Willow, dear, do you like being eaten?"

"Oh, yes," the young woman replied, "My clit is larger than most. I call it my little cock. It thrives on attention. Would you like me to show it to you?"

Liz nearly came at Willow's words.

"Please," she said, and shuddered, "S... Show it to me."

Willow gripped the sides of the hot tub and, floating on her back, spread her legs and propelled her cunt towards Liz's flushed face.

With an almost reverent motion, Liz wiped the bubbles away from Willow's pussy.

"Jesus," she moaned when she got her first good look at the bulging organ, "I can see your clit... its erect -- just like a little prick!"

"Of course it is silly," Willow said huskily, "Do you like it, or think it gross?"

"I think it's beautiful."

"Want to suck it?"

Liz had never before entertained the thought of going down on a woman. But this seemed like the most natural thing in the world and almost mesmerized with lust, Liz allowed her tongue to gently probe the flushed folds of the obviously very excited young woman.

Willow's face was partially submerged as Liz pulled the escort's cunt to her mouth and gave suck.

"Oh, yeah!" she cooed, keeping her face above water. "You suck so well . . . I . . . I'm gonna cum!" 

"Mmmmm," Liz moaned, as she sought to grasp Willow's buttocks in the soapy water.

"YES, YES! OH, GOD . . . I'M THERE. I'M THERE! OH, GOD . . . I'M REALLY THERE!"

Liz sent her mouth into overdrive and when it was over, Willow just floated away, stunned by the fury of the explosion that had just devastated her not so innocent cunt.

"Was it that good for you?" Liz asked seriously, as Willow's blood pressure returned to normal.

"Are you nuts?" she replied, "I've never had an orgasm like that in my life. I thought I was gonna pass out."

"Oh, good," Liz replied in a relieved voice, I wanted it to be good for you."

"Now that I've been taken care of," Willow whispered sluttishly, "What can we do for you!?"

"Why don't you surprise me?" Liz replied in as lewd a fashion as was possible for her. She wasn't fooled by Willow's claiming it had been the best ever. She knew the escort had sex with clients several times a day, week in and week out, with the possible exception of her monthlies. Still, Liz liked Willow, and said, "I'm sure anything you do will be incredible."

"I think I have just the thing for you!" Willow chirped, as she made her way to the far side of the hot tub, and opened a small compartment almost invisible to the naked eye.

"What?" Liz started to say, but halted as she saw Willow produce a huge black dildo and wave it gaily back and forth. Liz noted a leather harness attached to the black instrument and Willow quickly confirmed its purpose.

"I'm gonna put this pecker on, and fuck you with it until you beg me to stop!"

Liz looked on, not really absorbing what was to happen, as the nubile Willow deftly slipped the harness into place and then slid between Liz's thighs until the thick black cudgel was pressing insistently against the crack in her pussy.

"Tell me how bad you want it," Willow said, the wickedness of what was to follow dripping from each word. 

"Tell me that you wanna get fucked like a whore!"

"Oh, God," Liz blurted, and then licked her lips in order to retaste Willow's juice. Liz realized that she wanted nothing more than to have the escort slam that ebony cock into her until she came a thousand or more times.

"Oh yes! Give it to me!" she groaned, and touched herself in front of the young woman, something she would never have dared do before now.

"Tell me you're a whore," Willow said, teasing her, raising her level of desire even higher. "C'mon, let me hear you say it!"

"Okay," Liz said, "I'm a whore," and then pleaded to end the teasing. "Now please, give it to me."

"You're not listening to me," Willow retorted, "I said call yourself a fucking whore!"

"I'm a fucking whore, damn you," Liz gasped, "now give it to me you little slut, or else!"

"Oh, my," Willow said softly, "such language from the nice lady. You know what? I don't think you're a lady at all. I think you're just a fucking, cunt lapping whore. Am I right?"

By now Liz was delirious with lust, and the constant pressure of the black monster against her cunt was driving her up the wall.

"I didn't hear you," Willow demanded, "Tell me you're a cunt lapping whore."

"Yes, yes," Liz hissed through clenched teeth, "I'm a cunt lapping whore! Now please, shove it into me!"

Willow relaxed for a second, and then asked sweetly, "You mean like this?" She grabbed Liz by the shoulders for leverage, and drove the two inch thick black spike to the hilt into Liz's steaming pussy!

"Ouchie!" Liz screamed, "I . . . it hurts, bad!"

"Really?"

"YES, OH, GOD . . . IT HURTS!"

"I can take it out if you want me to," Willow said, her voice reeking innocence.

"No! Fuck, no!" Liz screamed. "Leave it in me; it's going to make me cum!"

"All rightie then," Willow cooed, and held the black phallus in place.

"Oh, sweet Jesus, I feel so fucking full!"

"And if I move it . . . like this?" Willow teased, twisting the ebony dildo from side to side.

Liz screamed, "I'm fucking coming! I'm full of black cock, and I'm coming!"

Afterward, they lay in each other's arms as the warm water wafted over them, and Liz said softly, "I didn't know what I was missing."

Willow snuggled up against one of Liz's big tits and replied, "I didn't want to hurt you, but I get these vibes about people, ya know? I just felt that you would really respond to that particular treatment."

"Well," Liz replied, "it worked to perfection."

"Now I have another surprise for you," Willow said, rising up through the foamy bubbles and then climbing out of the tub.

"What is it?" Liz asked excitedly.

"Kenny?" Willow called out, "Are you there?"

"Yes, I am, Willow. Shall I come in?"

A tall, dark and extremely handsome man, totally naked, stood in the doorway. Liz figured him to be about 28 or 29. But her eyes bulged at the size of the appendage swinging between his legs as he moved toward the hot tub. The very size of his member bordered on gigantic!

"Kenny likes to have his cock sucked," Willow said calmly. "Would you care to take him on?"

Her throat was completely dry, but Liz managed to get the one word out. The most important word she thought at that moment that she would ever utter.

"Yes!"

Liz had not given too many blow jobs in her lifetime. Her husband, of course, but that was a rare occasion these last five years. In college, she had gone down on two fellow students during beer guzzling parties and only vaguely recalled each incident.
