 Hi I'm Liz and I'm 31 years old. I work in a local school as a secretary / finance officer. At Easter we had a new head teacher start work at the school. His name's John and he is 45 years old. We soon established a very good working relationship. At the end of the first week of the new term in September he informed me that there was a conference / training course on office management and finance taking place and was designed to assist in the introduction of new financial systems. He told me the course was on Monday afternoon and Tuesday morning in two weeks time and was to take place in Birmingham. He said I needed to attend along with him because the new financial systems would be introduced in April. He also said that an overnight stay on the Monday night would be required and did I mind. I told him that that would be no problem.

On the Monday we travelled to Birmingham and checked into the the hotel, the venue for the conference. We had lunch with some other delegates and spent time in seminars and practical computer sessions during the afternoon, finishing at about six o'clock. I met John to go for an evening meal at seven. We had a drink with other delegates in the bar before enjoying a nice meal. After eating most people returned to the bar and informal socialising took place with chat over a couple of drinks. I had never seen John in an informal setting before and he was quite the centre of attention. At about ten thirty John and I were two of the few left in the bar and we decided to call it a night. Both John and I had rooms on the tenth floor so we made our way to the lift. In the lift John stood on the opposite side to me and I could tell he was just looking at my face. Before reaching our floor I said "What's so interesting about my face? What are you thinking?"

"Nothing just private thoughts."

"Come on you can tell me."

"Not really." The lift came to a halt on our floor. As the doors opened I stood between them blocking John's exit.

"I'm not moving until you tell me."

"No."

"We could be here all night, go on tell me." The drink had probably made me a little more relaxed to be talking to my boss this way.

"O.K then. I was pondering what your face looks like when you cum." I was taken totally off guard by this remark and John could clearly see this. "You look surprised, but you did ask. I hope I haven't upset you but last term I overheard a conversation you were having with Maggie (the other worker in the office), you were discussing me. When she asked you what you thought of me you replied that you 'certainly wouldn't kick me out of bed'. I've been thinking about that comment ever since and realised that you would have had to be asked into bed before you could be kicked out. I've been thinking about it again all day."

I didn't say anything. I knew what he was suggesting and my head was in a spin what with the situation and having consumed a little drink. I led the way along the corridor, towards my room, I opened the door and in an instant I had reached behind me, caught hold of Johns hand and was leading him behind me into my room. I moved forward and heard the door click shut behind us. "You've invited me into your room are you inviting me into your bed?" I heard John's voice questioning behind me. I couldn't believe this was happening.

"I've been married for five years and nothing like this has ever happened before."

"There is always a first time and don't worry everything will be alright I'll take care of you."

"I don't know if I want this."

"I think you do. You wouldn't have let me in if you didn't." I felt him move closer "We can move as slow as you want," he whispered close to my ear. I could feel his warm breath on the back of my neck. "It's not wrong for you to enjoy pleasure, just relax. I promise I'll fuck you nice and slow, if you'll let me, and we won't do anything that you don't like." I felt his tongue lick gently at my earlobe and could hear the sound of his breathing in my ear "I want to make you feel good." I felt his arms circling me as his hands came up and softly cupped and squeezed each breast through my dress. I gave out a feint sigh. "There that wasn't so bad was it, I think you liked it. Do you want me to continue?"

"Mmmm," I responded, biting my lip; still not clear in my head as to what to say.

"Good," he said softly but quite firmly, taking charge. "I'm going to fuck you until I make you cum. Do you want me to wear protection?" 

"I...I....I'm not sure," I said nervously still not having thought clearly.

"If we do it without I think it will be far more enjoyable for both of us."

"O.K then." I consented and with that he released my boobs and walked past me. He took my hand and led me further into the room.

"The beds in these hotels are nice and large for playing around on. Is there anything special you'd like me to do with you?"

"No, just be gentle and take it slow." I knew his questioning seemed a little cold and practical but he asked in such a kind and tender way. He just wanted to know my likes and it helped put me at ease.

"Well be a lot more comfortable without our clothes. Can I help you with your dress?"

"Thank you."

It wasn't long before John had reached the stage of removing my panties leaving me in only my white hold up stockings. "Will you leave your stockings on?

"Of course if that's what you'd like."

"Go and lie down, I'll join you in a minute," he said as he started undressing himself. I moved towards the bed and made myself comfortable lying down on my back. I was beginning to gain a little more composure, although I was still a little dazed by what was happening. John came over to the bed. He was standing looking down at me "You look better than I ever imagined."

"Come to bed."

"Is that my invitation?"

"I suppose it is." John clambered onto the bed kneeling at the side of me. His hands reached out and lightly brushed over my breasts.

"Your tits look gorgeous."

"I think they're too small."

"Not for me they're not. I prefer small firm tits and yours with those long thin nipples look fantastic. Your little tits were something that attracted me from my first meeting with you. They even distracted my attention a couple of times during my interview as you sat there taking notes. Let's not talk about them as I'm sure they'd prefer to be given some attention." 

"I'm sure they would." John lowered his head and sticking out his tongue he circled it around my right nipple before sucking it into his warm mouth licking it and gently nipping it with his teeth. It sent a sharp little quiver through my stomach, I was enjoying this. He transferred his attention to my left nipple, repeating his action, whilst rolling my right one between his thumb and finger. He then began rolling and tweaking both of them. "They're so long and hard, you're clearly quite an excited lady already. I'd love to have a taste of your pussy; will you be happy to suck my dick at the same time?"

"I love having my pussy eaten and sucking you is no problem." I replied as John raised himself on top of me and adjusted his position to facilitate a 69. He was squatting over my face and his fairly long and ample looking circumcised cock was hanging down towards me. I could see clearly that his balls were shaved clean of pubic hair; they looked rather small in comparison to the size of his cock. John had reached down and pulled my knees up towards him. Sliding his hands down the inside of my thighs he manoeuvred my legs underneath his arms pulling them further towards him."

"Is that comfortable for you? 

"Its fine, my pussy feels so exposed like this."

"Is that a problem?"

"No."

"Good! Your pussy is so neatly trimmed. In my mind I'd expected to find a very bushy snatch, it's funny what we picture in our minds."

"Have you been picturing me then?"

"Many times." I felt Johns hands either side of my pussy slowly pulling me more open. "Wonderfully pink and wet." John lowered his head and I felt his tongue touch me in that area between bum and pussy. He dragged it back along the whole length just flicking my clit as it completed its journey. He continually repeated this action. It felt wonderful. I decided to take a little action myself. I reached out and caught hold of John's cock with both hands. I started stroking and pulling on his rapidly hardening length. My first assumptions were right he was long and quite fat a good deal longer and fatter than my husband. I stuck out my tongue and began licking his head before allowing it to enter my mouth. I slid his cock further into my mouth until it felt comfortable. He was not all in by any means and he made no effort to make me take more. I began sucking and licking his cock and he began pushing it in and out of my mouth, but never working beyond my comfort zone. In the meantime he had started to explore my love hole pushing his tongue as far up me as he could and wiggling it about. He then started to concentrate on my clit. His tongue began circling all over it. I then felt his fingers working at the side. "Yes that's it your hard little nub is sticking right out from its hood," he said before gently easing it between his lips and licking it. This was incredible. I released his cock from my mouth.

"Oh shit! John! You're making me cum!" I screamed and my body began shaking as an incredible climax ripped through me. John continued to suck my clit but was getting gentler as I eased down from the incredible explosion in my tummy. John released my clit and slowly pulled my pussy open with his hands.

"Wow Liz, you're so wet baby, you let a lot of juice go then."

"It's down to you, you made me do it." I informed him as I felt his tongue once again probing my love hole and lapping up my cum.

"Liz you taste terrific. Would you like to fuck now or do you need a rest."

"No, fuck me now. I want you inside me"

"We'll take it easy," he said as he released my legs and raised himself off me. Still lying on my back he eased my legs apart and kneeling between them he placed his hard cock at my entrance, slowly working his head inside and then more and more of him until he was inside. He began a slow rhythmic action sliding his cock out, just leaving the head in, before sliding it back up me. It felt wonderful and he kept going for a long time. "Do you want me to go deeper?" He enquired.

"Please." I replied. He placed his hands behind my knees which were already bent and lifting them gently he forced them back either side of my head. He had left his cock inside me and he set about his rhythmic action again but each in stroke now penetrated deeper into my cunt. I was in heaven as he began to increase his pace and the feelings welled in my stomach as he made me cum again. "Wow John you're making me cum again."

"I told you I'd take care of you. Roll over and get on your knees," he said as he removed his cock and moved away to the side. I got to my knees and John positioned himself kneeling behind me. He pulled my pussy open and once again slid his cock inside me. He started to fuck me once more with his long slow strokes. I felt him get to his feet and he was now above me with knees bent. He was now able to penetrate deeper on each in stroke. He again quickened his pace.

"Oh God John I'm cumming again. Aaaaaaagh!" I shouted.

"Lie down on your front, get your legs together but don't let me slip out of you." I eased myself down as requested and John was lying on my back with his cock going between my closed legs and into my hole. "I'm just going to move slowly and let you rest," he said. He did just that moving his cock in and out but only by about two inches. I slowly began to recover and it was so gentle and considerate of him. We seemed to be like this for an age, not saying anything just enjoying the calm. I then felt John's hand squeezing its way under my body. It wriggled until he had my clit under his finger. He moved it in a small circle pressing down on my button as he continued the small strokes with his cock. I began to feel a tingling and I knew I was cumming again but this time it was not so intense it trickled through me slowly and I was making small incontrollable jerking movements. I had never had a cum like that before. "Would you like to sit on my dick? I can play with those lovely little tits if you do." John rolled off me and onto his back. I got myself up and could see his still fully hard cock standing up. I straddled his hips and rising up I was able to use my hand to guide his cock into my cunt. I lowered myself slowly until I felt myself sitting on his balls. He reached out and began squeezing each breast with one hand. He began rolling and squeezing my nipples. "Liz why don't you start to ride me?" I began rising and lowering myself up and down his hard pole. His hands were under my buttocks encouraging me to go faster. Once again I felt that familiar feeling welling up inside me as I collapsed forwards onto his chest as I was cumming again. I lay there feeling very content and secure as once again I recovered myself.

"John I want you to cum."

"Are you going to suck me again?"

"Yes please." I replied as I lifted myself clear. I fell onto my back. John had got up and was standing on the floor. He caught hold of my hands and gently pulled me towards the edge of the bed. My arms hung down nearly touching the floor and my head was just over the edge. John stood over me and lowered his balls towards my mouth. I liked each one in turn before sucking it into my mouth and rolling it around gently. The head of Johns cock was resting on my lips as I opened my mouth and he lowered himself inside. I wrapped my lips around the shaft as John began to push it in and out. On each inward stroke it went in a little further until I felt it slide into my throat as I deep throated him and took it all. John withdrew his cock. "Cum in my mouth," I instructed him. John began wanking his cock before returning it to my mouth which closed tightly round it as it began to twitch and four large loads of sperm filled my mouth. He removed his cock as I savoured his taste before swallowing. John was still wanking his cock.

"Open your mouth again baby," he said as again his cock was in my mouth and I received another two loads of cream. I swallowed again as I felt his cock starting to soften in my mouth. John removed his cock and scrambled onto the bed. "Come up here and have a cuddle." I wriggled over to him and nuzzled my head into his chest. He stroked my hair and face in a very caring and loving way. "I wanted to see what your face looked like when you were made to cum. You didn't disappoint you came so many times tonight Liz, at least five. Your pussy was so wet each time you're quite a prolific juice producer."

"You can talk I've never known anyone fill my mouth with cum then fill it again straight away."

"Did you like it?"

"Mmmmm, it tasted good." John continued stroking my hair.

"Wake up sleepy head." I heard a voice saying. I could also feel something stroking across my bum. I opened my eyes and could see John. 

"What time is it?"

"It's seven o'clock."

"Have you been here all night?"

"Yes I didn't want to leave you; you were all cosy sleeping cuddled on my chest. This is the first time that my cum has had such a soporific effect."

"It was you making me cum repeatedly that tired me out. Oooooh your hands doing nice things on my bum, I like you squeezing it. You're so gentle."

I felt Johns finger sliding down between my cheeks and he'd soon curved it under and pushed it inside my cunt. "Liz you're very wet already. If we missed breakfast I could fuck you again."

"That sounds good."

"I'd like to fuck you standing up. It's a thought I've had for a while. You always get me excited when you bend over to put files in the middle drawer. Your tight trousers show off your pert little bum and I can always see the outline of your little panties."

"You have been watching closely."

"Liz get my dick hard for me." I caught hold of his cock, it was already semi-hard. I shuffled down and soon had him in my warm mouth. With a little sucking and squeezing of his balls I soon had his cock ready. "Come over here," he said taking my hand and walking me over to the wardrobe. "Lean forward and put your hands on the mirror." I did as requested and John came behind me pushing my legs apart. He worked his cock up into me and started to fuck me. I could see everything in the mirror. One of John's hands came round and began playing with my breast and nipple; the other found its way to my clit. 

"John don't stop make me cum. That's it oooooooooooh." My legs buckled under me as I started cumming. I fell to my knees. John came round and stood in front of me offering up his cock to my mouth. I sucked it in and using my hand I wanked up and down his shaft until he started to twitch filling my mouth with hot sticky liquid. I swallowed all of it.

John got himself semi-dressed "I need to get back to my room, see you in the seminar," he said as he exited my room.

We had a busy morning and left the hotel at one o'clock. We discussed the seminars and conference on the way home but nothing about the night before. Nothing was mentioned on the Wednesday or Thursday at school either. Friday was our occasional day's holiday. On the way out of school on Thursday evening John pulled up alongside me in the car park. He wound his window down "I want to have you again. Come round to my house tomorrow about nine." He wound his window up and drove off before giving me a chance to reply.

Going to Johns was no problem as my husband was at work and I had a free day.

I arrived at Johns at nine and parked in the driveway. I went up to the front door and rang the bell. To my surprise the door was opened by a dark haired lady, late thirties, five feet two and quite attractive. "You must be Liz come on in. I'm Carol John's wife. John won't be long he's just out walking the dog. Can I take your jacket?"

"Err yes," I replied taking my jacket off and passing it to Carol. 

"Come on through to the kitchen I've got a pot of coffee on the go." Carol ushered me through to the kitchen and made me coffee. "How was Birmingham? It sounds as though you had a busy schedule."

"Yes it was rather. Quite a bit to assimilate in a short time."

"I hope John took care of you."

"Yes he did, he was very supportive."

"All this work you both have to do. Doesn't your husband mind that you're working on your day off?"

"Not really, he's at work anyway so it's not that important."

"So your husband believes your busy with school work when actually you're here to do naughty's with my husband. Don't look so worried Liz I know all about you and John. We have a very open marriage and I knew John was hoping to have you in Birmingham."

The door from the garden opened and in walked John "Hi Liz! I didn't know if I'd see you or not today. I'm glad you decided to come. You've met Carol then; I hope she's looking after you."

"Yes, we've got coffee and I was just telling Liz about our open relationship and that I know all about the two of you in Birmingham."

"That sounds fine. You can talk a little more because I'm going to have a shower and you can both join me in a little while," John said as he left the room.

"You look worried Liz, there's no need to be both John and I frequently take other partners for our mutual satisfaction. I know John was very satisfied with you in Birmingham."

"I enjoyed John as well." I didn't know what else to say. Although very strange everything seemed very comfortable talking this way with Carol. "I'm sorry but this has been a bit of a shock, finding you here and everything."

"I hope we haven't upset you. It wasn't our intention to make you feel uncomfortable. John wanted to have you again and I wanted to meet you and be there too. I didn't know if today was going to be possible due work commitments and I only confirmed it with John as he was leaving school yesterday. Just so you know we've been seeing other partners for about ten years. I believe Johns your first since you've been married. I'm glad you had a good experience, he must have done something right to attract you back again."
