 Liz and I have been swinging for almost six years now. Any thoughts on my part that the frequency of our lifestyle would diminish was misguided. Liz is more sexually active and embracing of our lifestyle than when we first started. 

To put it simply, Liz loves being fucked at sex parties. Liz loves sex with both men and women. Liz loves black guys. Liz has no intention of ever stopping swinging. I love my wife and I love swinging, but I would like to see Liz have sex with less partners then presently.

Recently, Steven and Kara invited Liz and I to spend three days at a beachfront mansion in the Hamptons. Steven told me that the crowd was rich, good looking and into throwing wild sex parties.

If I had any hesitation about attending it was overshadowed by Liz's enthusiasm about spending the weekend at a sex party at an oceanfront mansion with other wealthy, good looking couples. 

Liz and I live in Avon, CT, a well to do, very conservative community. The couples who will attend the parties in East Hampton are wildly rich and as I am finding out, hedonistic.

I think Steven knew I would be hesitant. When Liz opened a Fedex from Steven with a micro bikini, a leather and metal collar and a picture of a massive room designed for the sole purpose of accommodating sex parties, Liz's excitement couldn't be contained. 

Liz immediately took off her clothes in the living room in our New York apartment and modeled the bikini. My wife looked stunning in a neon pink bikini that was just a string that didn't cover her pussy or her breasts. 

Liz handed me the collar and asked to put it on her. It came with a small lock and leash. After I put it on Liz. she kissed me and told me, "Do you like being married to a slut?"

The bikini was literally nothing more than a string that outlined her cunt and tits but covered neither. During a short photo shoot of Liz modeling her new bikini and collar, Liz was getting her pussy wet for our amazing fuck session later that evening.  

After taking a number of filthy pictures of Liz spread eagle on the bed, I fucked her pussy and mouth until we both came. When i came back from getting Liz and I some drinks, she was still laying spread eagle and my cum was dripping from her pussy. 

I think I almost choked when Liz looked up at me and said, "Tie me to the bed and fuck me really hard."

I went and got four of my Hermes silk neck ties from the closet and didn't say a word to Liz until her wrists and ankles were firmly fixed to the posts of the bed. I stepped back and looked at Liz tied spread eagle, wearing a collar and a micro bikini and wondered if this was something she had done with some lovers and didn't tell me about. 

I looked down at Liz and said, "You look like a filthy fucking whore."

Liz looked at me and said, "I am. Fuck my cunt."

During the fuck session that night, my wife Liz, tied spread eagle on the bed, her cunt wide open, admitted that she had already fucked a few of the guys who would be attending the sex party in East Hampton. 

As I fucked Liz she moaned, "Oh god, they fucked me at Steven's apartment."

The entire time I fucked Liz, she was moaning, "Fuck my filthy cunt."

I thrust in her cunt as roughly as I could as she said, "They tied me to the bed and took turns fucking me."

Liz had a wild orgasm right before I came in her pussy. I kept her tied to the bed as I collapsed on her in exhaustion. Liz's chest was still heaving from what might have been the most intense orgasm I have ever seen her have. 

Liz later admitted that being restrained was a total turn on and said "I want you to fuck my cunt while I am tied up."

After I untied her, Liz told me everything that happened that afternoon at Steven's. To make a long story short, Kara and Steven told Liz that if we wanted to be invited to a sex party in East Hampton she would have to audition beforehand.

Liz told me that when she got to Steven's, Kara answered the door nude and kissed her deeply. Liz said that Kara put her hand in Liz's panties and fingered her pussy. 

Without saying anything, Liz said Kara undressed her and put a collar on her. Kara then walked her to the bedroom and tied her wrists and ankles to the bed so that she was face up. 

Kara left for several minutes. Liz said that Kara led four guys into the bedroom. As Liz was telling me everything that happened, she was fingering her pussy again. 

Liz said that with all the guys watching, Kara sat right on her face and told Liz,"Clean up my cunt."

Liz said that "Cum was dripping from Kara's just fucked pussy all over my face."

I listened as Liz told me that she ate out Kara and then had very strong orgasms as each guy took turns roughly fucking her. Liz said that they came in her pussy and mouth.

She said that "Each guy fucked me one at a time and I loved being tied while they used me." 

Liz said that after the guys left, Kara admitted that she has been letting a lot of the guys fuck her. Kara said "Steven told them that they can fuck me whenever they want."

Kara admitted to Liz that she has been the only woman at a few of the Hamptons parties. I guess I had a sort of stunned look that Kara said that. I was under the assumption that the parties were orgies, not gangbangs. 

Liz told me, "For both of us to get invited to the couples sex parties, I have to let anyone they want fuck me for the weekend."

I said to Liz, "And how many is that?'

Liz said "Kara said she fucked fourteen guys her first time."

Before I could agree or say anything, Liz said "Every one of the girls who go to the parties has done it."

"Besides, Kara and one of her friends will spend the weekend with you and I know you love fucking Kara's pussy."

Liz and I showered together that night before bed and I guess I got a bit rough with her. With her back to me in the shower I spanked her ass really hard and called her a "Fucking cunt."

In the morning I apologized to Liz when I saw that her ass was a bit black and blue. I told Liz, "I am ok spending the weekend with Kara."

Of course, I know that our open marriage is sometimes out of control. Liz has an insatiable sexual appetite that I can not possibly satisfy. If I want to remain married, I have to allow LIz to fuck others. It isn't like I don't get to fuck other women, because I do. Getting to fuck women like Kara and the other wives in our groups is an amazing benefit. Nonetheless, I am married to a nymphomaniac. 

Since Liz had made plans for me to spend the weekend with Kara, I gave her a call. I met with Kara a few days later at the Regency Hotel on Park Avenue for an afternoon. 

When I got to the room Kara opened the door wearing just black stockings, garters, heels and a choker that said WHORE on it. Kara looked smoking hot and my dick was instantly hard. All I can say is that in no time I was out of my clothes and my cock was buried in Kara's cunt. 

Kara and I had a very vocal fuck session that afternoon. My second orgasm in Kara was with my cock in her ass, saying "Did you like having fourteen cocks in your cunt?"

Since I really didn't know anything about the sex parties in East Hampton other than Liz was going to have to fuck a lot of guys for both of us to be invited, after our fuck session I asked Kara about it. 

Kara told me that she and Steven are invited about twice a year. Kara said, "It is the wildest party and the house is a mansion on the beach."

Kara admitted that one weekend, "Steven was in Santa Barbara. A few of the couples arranged for me to fuck a lot of guys in a sex swing while they watched."

The night that Liz was to go to East Hampton, Kara and her friend Jayma arrived at our apartment early. The two girls showered with Liz. They shaved her pussy and helped her dress for the weekend. 

When Liz left she was wearing a purple skin tight dress that barely covered her pussy and ass. She wearing a choker that said "I LOVE COCK" and didn't have anything underneath her dress. After a limo picked up Liz in front of our apartment, Jayma, Kara and I went upstairs for drinks.

Upstairs, Jayma sat between Kara and I on the sofa. We were drinking and relaxing when Kara said, "Jayma is married to Alan, one of the guys who is fucking Liz tonight."

Kara reached between Jayma's legs and lifted her dress enough so that we both were caressing her pussy. Jayma's spread her legs wide open for us as she looked at me and said,"You can fuck me anyway you want."

Since I was in no rush to fuck her, I told Kara, "Get her cunt wet for me."

That evening I ate out both Jayma and Kara and both of them sucked my cock before I came twice in Jayma's cunt. In the morning I wasn't thrilled when Jayma said, "I just spoke to Alan and he said that Liz fucked eleven guys last night."

Jayma came over and kissed me deeply and guided my hand to her very wet pussy. She put my ear in her mouth and sucked it. Having my ear sucked is an amazing turn on for me and Jayma knew it.

Kara, Jayma and I spent the morning in bed teasing and caressing each other. My cock was sore from the night before but Kara and Jayma both came when they did a sixty-nine while I watched. 

I took the girls to lunch and shopping during the day. They bought sex toys at a really raunchy sex store and some sexy lingerie at Agent Provacateur. 

Late that afternoon at my apartment, Kara and Jayma modeled some of the lingerie they bought. They sat on either side of me on the sofa and were both kissing my neck and ears.

Do you want to know about Liz's day?' Kara asked.

"I am not sure I do." 

Kara said, "Steven said, They tied Liz to the bed and she just finished fucking eight black guys while the other couples at the house watched."

Jayma said, "Your wife will fuck anyone."

I really didn't want to think about it who or how many guys they had arranged for Liz to fuck. I didn't care or want to know how willing Liz was. I know my wife is a whore, I just didn't want to think about it right then.

My cock was hard from the viagra. I took Jayma and pushed her face down on the bed and roughly pulled her panties off her ass. It is a good thing Kara took a bottle of lotion and lubed her ass before I filled her asshole with my cock in one thrust.

I spanked Jayma hard as i roughly fucked her ass. I pulled her hair and said "you dirty fucking cunt, how many cocks have used you" until I came deep in her asshole.

I was sexually exhausted when Kara and Jayma left late Saturday evening. Liz didn't get home until Sunday night but didn't spend Sunday at the beach house. She hasn't said where she was.

It has just been a few days since this happened and Liz has not told me anything about the weekend. 

I took a day off to be with Liz but she said she had a date. I am wondering about my marriage as I watched Liz dressed like a slut putting on her makeup. 

Liz kissed me deeply before she left and said, "One of the videos I am in is on DarkCavern."

I followed the instructions on how to find it. It left no doubt where Liz was that Sunday and where she was going when she left.