 In the past, I have written a number of articles in Literotica detailing the swinging lifestyle that Liz and I have been involved with. It was my intention to never write another but I have received a lot of letters asking me to continue. What I am now writing about Liz is not the article I started to write. 

The last six months, Liz and I have continued to swing but much less frequently or so I thought. Recently, I found a stack of CDs containing photos and videos of Jen and Liz with many of our male swing partners having sex. The CDs were all shot at the apartment in New York and Santa Barbara home of our swing partners, Steven and Kara. The CDs were in the back of a dresser behind drawers. I found them because the drawers were stuck and wouldn't close properly. Liz clearly had them hidden.

I have always known that since Liz and I started swinging that she enjoyed our uninhibited sex life more than I did. That isn't to say I don't love meeting a new lover and fucking the hell out of her, because I do. It just that my wife Liz, has a well earned reputation among our swing partners as sexually insatiable and totally willing. 

Some of our swing partners have sex outside their marriage only at swing parties and some others are like Liz and me, and have agreed to have a completely open marriage. . Since we started swinging about six years ago, life with Liz hasn't been boring. 

The truth of the matter is, I am married to a slut. There are times that I am extremely busy at work and in no mood to go out for the evening but Liz needs to get out. I have never objected, knowing that Liz would usually go to Steven and Kara for the evening. I just didn't know until recently that Liz was fucking guys while Steven video taped it.

About a year ago, Liz secretly introduced one of our close friends, Jen, to our swinging lifestyle. It started with Liz and Jen spending afternoons together. It didn't take long for Liz to talk Jen into doing a number of gangbangs with Liz's longtime lover Tim and his friends. 

When Jan and Liz first started spending a lot of time together, I was okay with the situation because I was fucking around with Julie quite regularly. Jen's husband, Mitchell, has no idea his wife has spread her pussy for black guys in hotel rooms and at Steven's apartment in sex videos.

Jen doesn't know that I know any of this. While Liz told me about Jen's new passion for black cocks, I had no idea that Jen and Liz were starring in homemade porn videos of it. 

There is no way Mitchell would ever be okay with his wife slutting herself. I am hoping he never finds out because it will be a major problem. Until Jen, Liz and I had never included anyone from our social group into our swinging lifestyle. 

Mitchell has always bragged to the guys about how great a lay Jen is. What he doesn't know is that not only is Jen a great lay, she is also an incredibly horny woman who also loves eating cum on video from my wife's just fucked pussy.

The CDs were all labeled. The name of they first one I put in the dvd player was ,"Six of us fuck Liz's (last name deleted) cunt," 

The first photo on the CD i viewed is Liz laying on a sofa totally nude, surrounded by six guys with her legs wide open and her pussy spread. I knew all six guys standing behind Liz. The next one hundred photos got more explicit from there. The video on the CD that followed, was Liz having multiple orgasms from getting every hole fucked by every guy. All the guys in the videos, were from the swing group that we met at Steven and Kara's.

I put a second CD in titled. "Jen (name deleted) auditions for Jack Napier."

I couldn't take my eyes of the screen as Jen stripped and then fucked this black stud. About half way into the video, three other black guys had entered the room. Jen had eagerly and willingly serviced all four guys with her mouth and pussy. 

The video ended with an exhausted Jen spread wide open on a bed and cum dripping from her pussy.

I could go into detail about each photo and video, but lets just say that Steven has hundreds of photos and at least 10 videos of a very willing Liz being thoroughly fucked.

One of the videos that has Jen and Liz together, begins with Jen stripping and telling Steven " I am a whore that loves black cocks in my cunt."

Jen is standing nude and fingering her pussy when Steven, who is off camera asks Jen, "Have you had a lot of black cocks in your cunt?" 

Jen lays back on the bed, smiling at the camera, spreading her pussy wide open said, "A lot." 

After Jen had spread her cunt wide open, five black guys joined her on the bed. This two hour video featured Jen doing most of the fucking as Liz joins near the end. Liz is sucking cocks, but all the guys cum in Jen's well fucked pussy and mouth. I have to admit, It was incredibly erotic to see Jen's cum covered face and then Liz licking Jen's loose, come filled pussy at the end of the video.

Recently, a couple we swing with Jon and Karen have divorced because of the rumors that she had also performed in numerous sex videos for Steven. I guess I shouldn't have been shocked to see Liz in Steven's videos. I wondered how many other women had he taped. Or maybe, Liz, Jen and Karen are the only three.

I know that Liz has fucked a lot of guys in the last six years but I was still shocked that she had let Steven and Kara take pictures and videos of her posing and then fucking. Over the years, I have taken a lot of pictures of Liz nude, but I am her husband, not one of her swing partners.

I had very mixed emotions about Liz's appearance in so many sex videos. I felt empty but turned on. I felt anger but lust. My head was spinning as i looked at the stack of CDs. I love my wife but the videos made me numb. 

I looked through most of the CDs and left them on the front hall table so that Liz would see them as soon as she came home. I was sitting in my home office in our New York apartment when i heard the door open and close. 

When Liz walked in my home office fifteen minutes later, she was nude except heels and had a CD in her hand. She didn't say a word but put the CD in my computer and sat on my lap and said, "Oh god, I love you. You are angry. aren't you."

As Liz always does, she used sex to break the tension. Liz was grinding her bare, pierced cunt over my pants covered cock. 

Without turning back to look at me, Liz said, "Do you want to fuck me in the ass?"

With a video of Jen servicing three cocks playing on my computer, I took off my pants and had Liz sit on my cock, reverse cowgirl, as she slid her well lubed asshole down my cock. 

We were both facing the computer, watching Jen's gang bang video as Liz bounced her asshole up and down my cock buried in it. 

After I came, Liz sat down on me so that my cock was deep in her cum filled asshole, The video of Jen continued playing while my spent cock filled Liz's ass. Liz then stood up and cleaned my cock of our sex juice with her mouth. 

Liz was sitting on my lap. kissing my neck, ears and lips. I asked her, "How many videos are you in?"

Liz replied, "I am not the only one Steven has videos of."

Before I could even ask who, Liz was telling me that "Marie, Julie, Katy, Karen and almost everyone of our female swing partners have been in a gangbang video by Steven and Kara."

I again asked, "How many have you been in"? 

Liz replied, "Karen has been in the most."

After telling me some of the details of the other videos, Liz admitted to me that she has been in about fifteen videos at Steven's. The first two were made that first time we swapped when she went to Santa Barbara with him. 

Liz told me that first she fucked seven of Stevens friends in a video that weekend. Liz said that "Steven had then arranged for me to be fucked by three black guys who are regulars in porn while he had it taped by two cameramen."

Liz told me that Steven had gotten her very high on some weed and wine before the guys got to his home. Liz admitted "I was willing to do anything they wanted." 

Liz told me, "After they made the video, Steven went out for the evening with some friends and I went to a private party with the three guys."

Liz told they took her to a wild party with about twenty people at a beach house not far from Steven's house. 

Liz said "There were a lot of drugs and I got really high on pot and coke."

Liz said she was sitting between two guys she had just met. She said that "Other couples were dancing or kissing and that a few of the women were either nude or had just panties on."

Liz admitted "I went upstairs to a bedroom with the two guys I had just met and fucked them."

She said "When we came back down, most everyone had left the party except for one young black woman who was nude and three guys I came with who were snorting coke off her pussy and the two guys she had just fucked."

Liz had been with other women at our swing parties but I have to admit, my dick was rock solid when she told me :I ate her pussy while the guys watched."

Liz told me that "After I ate her out, they all fucked my mouth, ass and pussy while she sucked my clit."

One of the CD's has pictures Steven took of Liz's very loose, raw, red asshole and pussy when they dropped her back off at his home that night. 

As Liz told me the details of what they did to her, my cock got rock hard again. I told Liz, "Get your fucking slut ass in bed, I am fucking your asshole all night".

As Liz walked to the bedroom, she turned and smiled at me as she left the room. After almost six years of swinging, I thought to myself, "My wife Liz is a fucking insatiable whore."

I know that Liz loves sex, and we both love our swinging lifestyle but willingly performing in sex videos is not something I had ever considered she would do. 

I waited about ten minutes to go to the bedroom. Liz was on the bed, face down, her legs wide open, her knees under her and her ass lubed and spread. 

I walked over and gave her ass a hard smack. I then roughly plunged two of my fingers in her ass and spread her hole wide open. I think Liz knew I was going to be rough as she gasped when I took a vibe from a drawer and pushed it completely into her cunt. 

The only communication Liz and I had for the next hour was the sound of fucking as I roughly fucked her ass, with the dildo in her cunt. If my wife Liz is whoring herself, I decided I was a going to take maximum advantage of her. 

For the next several weeks, I had no interest in calling or seeing any of the women I swing with. Liz and I stayed home every night. I Instructed Liz that her ass was to be available to me at all times. She was to wear her sluttiest lingerie and her ass and pussy were never to be covered while at home.

I love Liz, but I know I can never completely sexually satisfy her. I don't think any one man can. I fucked Liz in the ass every night while we watched videos for almost three weeks. The sex for both of us was amazing. 

I spoke with Steven and he has assured me that all the sex tapes will never be made public. He said, "You and I have the only copies of the sex tapes that Liz and Jen have made."

He said they will never be on the internet. I have no choice but to trust him. 

We spoke about Liz, Jen and Kara. He said he has a great video of Jen fucking a lot of guys before she and kara get cum on by all of them.

He admitted that Liz had the best pussy he has ever fucked including Kara's. 

Steven said, "You are really lucky and I am envious because Liz enjoyed sex more than any women I have ever fucked."

He laughed when said "I have never met anyone who didn't love fucking Liz, and Liz has fucked a lot of guys."

Liz and I are ready to go back to swinging after a month of monogamy. We have made plans with Steven and Kara for a weekend in Santa Barbara. 

I am not exactly sure what Steven has planned but he told me ""You can fuck a really hot looking, young black slut that Kara and I love fucking."

He said, "Her parents are loaded and she loves having her nigger cunt fucked by almost every white guy that will fuck her."