 While Liz and I have an alternative sexual lifestyle, we have never shared any details of our secret sex life with friends or family. Recently, the rumors of another couple swinging from our town in Connecticut sounded remarkably similar to Liz and I. 

At a social gathering at our club, our friends at dinner were gossiping about the rumor about this particular couple going to swing parties. They said, the rumor was, that the wife would have sex with every guy at the party. Liz and I feigned shock and disgust as we listened as our friends identified and gossiped about the couple the entire evening.

In the car ride home, Liz and I both were extremely relieved that the rumors were not about us. We both agreed that our lives would have been turned upside down if our friends ever found out that, conservative housewife Liz, had danced nude at strip clubs. What would they have thought if they knew, that we had been swapping for a few years with other couples. 

Recently, Liz and I bought an apartment in New York to use for swinging. Needless to say, we didn't tell anyone except couples we swing with. Liz has been suggesting that maybe we should move to New York full time and end our friendships in Connecticut.

Liz said, "She has never really considered our friends at the club to be close."

While we are in a financial position to move, I am not emotionally ready to end our friendships even though I have now fully embraced our swinging lifestyle.

That evenings discussion, with our friends, clearly had Liz wet and willing when we got home. Liz asked me to make drinks as she went to our bedroom. 

Liz came back to our family room wearing purple fishnet stockings, black heels and a choker that said "FUCK ME" on it. She gulped two drinks and asked me to get my camera. Liz whispered in my ear to "take pictures of her wet slutty pussy."

When she is horny, Liz loves posing with her legs spread apart and her pussy wide open. Liz began to tell me about her weekend with Steven, in Santa Barbara. 

One night, while fucking, Liz had encouraged me to tell her in the most dirty, explicit way, everything about my weekend with, Kara in Cabo several months ago.

Liz had used her amazing pussy muscles to milk the cum from my cock as I told her the details of how I fucked Kara's beautiful body and came in her hot, little cunt. 

Liz was never quite ready to talk about her weekend with Steven until now. I wasn't even sure i wanted to know what happened. 

As I took pictures of Liz and her wide open pussy, I thought to myself how the frequency of our swinging has increased since we first met Steven and Kara. We have not been to Mark and Katy's monthly parties since we met them. Instead, we have been meeting other couples for late night trysts in New York, arranged by Steven and Kara.

Liz was staring into the camera when she told me it makes her pussy gush when she thinks about the weekend she spent with Steven in Santa Barbara. 

Liz's spread her pussy wide open when she told me that "in the limo, Steven was telling her she was a whore and that his friends were going to love fucking her very talented cunt."

Liz said "Steven opened the door to his beautiful home and walked her into a living room."

She said that "six of Steven's friends were sitting around drinking and watching a sex video." 

I kept taking pictures of Liz as she was now caressing her smooth, pierced and very wet pussy. Liz was as horny as I have ever seen her. She looked at me and told me she "loved having pictures taken of her pussy."

Liz told me that Steven walked her over to each guy to be introduced. She said each of them put their hands under her mini skirt and tugged her clit ring as she walked around the room. 

Liz was almost moaning as she said "Steven and two of his friends slowly stripped her of all her clothes and caressed and kissed her body." 

She said they had her stand completely nude on a leather covered coffee table in the middle of the room and tell them she "loved having dicks fuck her in her sex holes." 

Liz admitted to me that she was fingering herself in front of Steven and his friends, when she told them she "loved being a gangbang whore."

To be honest, I was hard as hell watching Liz fingering her pussy as she told me everything. It is always an amazing turn on for me when my wife is exposing herself. I put the camera down and went and handed Liz some astroglide and a vibe. She laid back as I rubbed the lube in and around her asshole and pussy.

I picked the camera back up and told Liz to "Let me see you fuck yourself in the ass with the vibe."

I told Liz, " whore yourself for the camera". Liz teased me and her asshole as she continued telling me what happened. 

Liz said that she "danced and modeled on the table completely nude, fingering her pussy as she looked at each guy then at the TV with the sex video of a women in a gangbang."

I know that Liz had begun enjoying exhibitionism a few years ago. She now has almost no inhibitions about her sexuality, except for our Connecticut friends.

LIz told me her "pussy was soaked, while she danced for the guys."

Liz said that one of the guys had her lay on the table wide open. He took a bottle of oil and started to pour the oil on her body as two others began to rub it all over her until her entire body was covered. 

She said Steven stood behind her and put a leather collar on her. Liz said "having six hands caressing my body and pussy at the same time was incredible."

As Liz was telling me, she was sliding the vibe in her ass and fingering her pussy. My camera wasn't missing anything. If anyone had told me five years ago that I wouldn't feel jealous about my wife telling me how she fucked seven guys, I would have thought they were crazy. But now that we both agree that we enjoy this lifestyle, I felt no jealousy.

Liz said that as Steven put the leather collar on her oil soaked neck, the other guys were putting leather cuffs around her wrists. She said her pussy was "completely soaked and ready for anything."

Liz said as she lay on the table wide open, Steven was telling his friends how "easy a slut Liz was."

She said that "Steven told his friends that LIz loved fucking and was a nymphomaniac with an amazing pussy."

She said Steven urged her to say to each guy, "fuck me."

Liz said she looked at each of them in total lust and begged each of them to fuck her. As Liz was telling me, I was hard as a rock and dying to fuck my wife's insatiable pussy.

Liz told me that each guy fucked her pussy but didn't cum. She admitted that she had numerous small orgasms while they took turns in her mouth and pussy. Liz said that they took the wrist cuffs off her so that she could get "three cocks in her body at the same time."

Liz told me that she "started having intense orgasms that just didn't seem to end as they came in and on her pussy, ass and mouth."

She said when they finished, her "face was covered with semen and the cum was flowing out of her pussy and down her ass."

As she finished telling me about her sex that day, Liz was now coming and moaning and her exact words were "god. I"m a fucking slut", "oh god, they all fucked my cunt", and "oh my god, I"m cumming." 

When Liz finally finished her orgasm, she came over to me and took my camera, kissed me deeply and sat on my lap. She asked me if I "wanted a lap dance before I fucked her cunt". 

I just nodded yes.

LIz sat on my lap, facing me. and whispered in my ear that she willingly "let Steven and his friends use her anytime they wanted for the next two days."

As my rock hard cock entered her sopping pussy, Liz told me "they surrounded her and she loved it when all of them called her the filthiest things before they all came on her face." 

As Liz's talented pussy muscles tightly milked my cock she said she was ready to "move to NY where we wouldn't have to hide our lifestyle from our uptight Connecticut friends anymore."

As I came in her pussy, I told her, "god I love you."

We fell asleep on the couch in each others arms. In the morning when I woke up, still on the couch. Liz was already dressed in to her country club clothes. Liz already had breakfast on the table. I showered and dressed for work and went to my well paid job that I no longer financially needed.

On the way to work, I wondered if Liz and I should move to New York and leave our conservative suburban life behind. I knew that Liz was willing.