 Mmmmmm... as you wake up you feel my tongue licking your thighs, then your pussy licking from your clit to your asshole, cleaning our mixed cum off you. Your pussy looking so hot from being fucked last night. I turn you over laying you face down, spanking your ass cheeks... hard... making them red and sore. Then making you go take a shower to clean yourself up good, while daddy has to make a few phone calls. 

As you come back from the shower all clean and naked, you see me sitting naked on the edge of the bed. As you walk to me I stand grabbing your hair, pushing you down to your knees making you suck on my cock. Pulling out making you lick my balls then I push your head lower, locking your head between my thighs. Keeping you on your hands and knees, telling you to spread your knees wide apart. Then you hear me saying, Ok men she's ready. Keeping your head locked in between my thighs, you can't turn and see anyone, but you feel someone's cock at your wet pussy. I'm telling him to take either hole of yours he wants for his pleasure. He plows hard into your wet cunt, fucking you, his balls slapping against your clit. These men don't care if you cum or not, they are only using you for their pleasure, to get their cocks off... to get relief... just using you as a slutty whore. As I watch the first guy ramming your cunt hard I reach under and roughly grab your tits, pinching your hard nipples. He fucks you harder and harder... moaning... grunting... finally shooting his cum deep into your cunt filling my sluts hole. 

The next guy takes his place, running his fingers over your wet pussy lips. Stroking his hard cock with your juices, lubing it up, guiding it to your tight ass, shoving it in. I'm telling them not to be easy on my slut, to fuck you rough and hard. Use your holes for what they are there for. To be used and to be fucked. He rams your ass hard and deep, fucking you wildly. The tightness of your ass makes him cum quick, shooting your ass full of his hot cum. He lets his cock slide out of you, walking away, making room for the next guy.

A third guy comes up to you, looking at the cum leaking from your asshole and cunt. Going down he licks you clean with his tongue, your hips shaking and bucking, so close to cumming but you can't. He guides his cock to your pussy shoving it in all the way, fast and hard, holding it there, slapping your ass cheeks. My hands let go of your tits, I go down on my knees keeping your head locked between my thighs. Your body laying face down on the floor, the guys cock deep in your pussy laying over you. His hands replace mine on your tits, pinching and pulling on them hard, his cock fucking your pussy harder and faster. You hear him moaning, grunting. His hard cock throbbing, shooting more hot cum deep in your cunt. Done using you for his pleasure he gets up and leaves. 

Daddy thinks its time for his slut to get a double fuck. I have two guys come to you. We turn you over onto you back, keeping your head locked between my legs. My cock and balls resting on your mouth and chin. One guy slides under you, finding your ass and ramming his cock in deep. The other guy takes you from the top ramming his cock into your cunt. Two cocks fucking you, using your fuckholes. Both cocks fucking you hard. I move so my cock goes into your mouth, feeling you suck at it hungrily. I tell the two guys to fuck you hard, to give my bitch the hardest fuck they can, to take you, use you. You hear the guys moaning, their cocks so hard and horny for you. They don't last long, before you feel both their cocks shooting your ass and pussy full of cum. Deep inside you, filling you I feel you sucking harder on my cock, deep throating me, wanting me. The guys pull their cocks out, still one more guy left to fuck my slut.

He walks up to you looking down at your freshly fucked ass and pussy. He straddles your tits, taking his hands pushing them tight against his cock, fucking them. The head of his cock hitting your chin on each forward thrust. Your still sucking my cock, this guy has his wife with him. She kneels between your legs, her tongue licking and lapping up all the cum that is leaking out of you, then sucks on your clit. The guy is fucking your tits harder and faster, you suck my cock harder and deeper into your mouth. I'm waiting for the man to cum, wanting to fill your mouth when he shoots his cum all over your face and chin. His fingers pinching your nipples as he pushes your tits tighter against his cock, my balls ready to explode, his cock ready to cum. Suddenly we both cum. So much cum. His cum covering your chin and neck, while mine shoots down your throat. Making you swallow all of daddy's cum. Your legs wrap around the guys wife as her mouth is making your hot cunt cum hard, pushing your pussy tight against her face as you fuck her face hard. Your hips bucking wildly fucking her face. After covering your neck and chin with his cum the man gets up. then his wife. They all leave. 

Looking down at your body, you hot slutty body that's just been used and fucked hard. Keeping my cock in your mouth until you suck me hard again. Daddy wants your pussy, your ass to fuck. The others only used you, but you know how much daddy loves you, loves fucking you... taking you... and daddy knows how much you love my hard cock fucking you.

My cock hard again, pulling out of your mouth... releasing your head from my legs, You look up at me, smiling, saying you loved being used and fucked by those men. I look down at you, telling you that you know daddy uses you to, but that daddy also loves you and loves making you feel good and loves fucking your hot body. Turns daddy on so much to see his little girl being pleasured. And now daddy has saved himself for last to fuck his little girl. Turning around getting between your legs, my cock at your wet pussy. Slowly sliding into the cunt that's just been fucked hard by others, now its me... fucking you... using you. We give each other the best fuck, so we are always together last at the end. Daddy always has to be the last to take you, to use you. Making sure my little slut cums hard and cums allot for daddy. Daddy loves making you cum, pleases daddy so much, hearing you moaning in pleasure. 

As my cock rests inside your pussy I kiss your neck telling that even though I love using you I also love you hot body, love fucking you and pleasing you at the same time My cock starts pumping your wet cunt, your pussy pushes up at me, my cock going deeper and deeper into you. Fucking you slowly as my mouth finds one of your nipples, biting and sucking on it. I know you love the way I fuck you the most. Feeling your pussy pushing harder at me, hungrily taking all of my cock in, milking my cock. Feeling your hot wet juices leaking around my shaft, your pussy needing to cum, your hips buck wildly at me. Fucking my cock so hard hearing you moaning as you start to cum. Telling me to fuck your cunt hard, wanting your hot pussy filled with my seed. My cock starts throbbing, pushing my cock deeper into you as my hot seed shoots deep in your pussy as your pussy floods my cock and balls with your hot cum. Cumming together, fucking each other hard, bucking wildly at each other, moaning, grunting loudly.

As our orgasms die down, I lay on top of you... holding you... my cock resting in your pussy. Kissing you, asking if you liked being fucked and used this morning. You smile saying you loved it, but always love us fucking each other the most. Holding you as we take a morning nap, my cock still resting in your pussy. Our bodies tight to each other... your tits pressed hard against my chest. Knowing that when we wake up we will be fucking each other again and again. We still have this afternoon and the rest of the weekend together.

To be continued...