 The fourth and probably final part of this series. Hope you enjoyed it - please let me know your feedback.

---------------------------------------------

Jake looked at her and laughed. How could someone still in a blindfold and sticky with cum be so self assured?

As her hands reached up to loosen the knot of the blindfold, Jake put his drink down and moved over to her. As the scarf came free from her eyes he grabbed her slender wrists in one hand and looped the scarf around them with the other, pulling it tight.

Jenny was taken by surprise, but as ever seemed unfazed by this new twist and just looked up at him lustfully. She was so drunk and so turned on that she probably didn't care what we did to her. 

"Kinky" she giggled sexily.

Satisfied with the knot around her wrists Jake flipped her onto her stomach, and she grunted as her perky breasts were squashed into the carpet. As I waited to see what would come next, he pulled her wrists back to her feet and tied the other end of the scarf around them leaving her hogtied and deliciously vulnerable.

"Look after her for a sec" he said as he left the room for a second time.

"Don't leave me this way!" she panted.

I moved down next to her wriggling body and turned her onto her side. In this position her back was arched and her beautiful tits were forced out magnificently.

I kissed her hard on the lips, and she responded in kind, slipping her soft tongue into my mouth. I wound my left hand in her hair as my right hand slipped down over her shoulder and rubbed across her chest. Her nipples were hard against my palm and she shivered in arousal as my tongue pressed back against hers.

I pulled away from the kiss, and tipped Jenny onto her back. This way she was even more helpless, lying on her tied arms with her knees bent and thighs spread open. I wanted a taste of that juicy little pussy and I told her.

"It's my turn to taste that lovely pussy of yours Jenny."

"Oh god yes..."

I knelt between her spread thighs and kissed her on her flat stomach. Trailing my tongue down lower I could see her muscles tighten as I neared her cunt.

"You're so fucking wet..." I breathed as my head sank between her thighs and I got my first close-up view of her snatch. She blushed and turned her head away.

"Oh God..." she managed to groan out as I pressed my lips against her pussy and got my first taste of her. My tongue pressed out against her hot lips and slipped between them, before sliding up towards her clit. She wriggled against my probing tongue and ground her pelvis against my mouth.

She tasted good.

As I tongued her juicy slit she trembled with pleasure and pulled against the scarf which was binding her limbs.

We were disturbed my Jake's reappearance and I reluctantly lifted my head away from her crotch. He was holding a tripod for the video camera, and a small pink dildo. I had to ask...

"Why the hell do you own a pink dildo?"

"It was my ex's wasn't it – not mine stupid. I hung on to it just for old time's sake – and in case it ever proved useful." He nodded in Jenny's direction.

"It better be fucking clean" she growled at him.

"It is!" he protested.

As Jake set up the camera I moved to Jenny's head and tried to make her more comfortable by resting it on my lap. Of course this did mean my hard dick was resting against her pretty cheek, but hey she didn't seem to mind and I certainly didn't.

Jake fished an ice cube out of her vodka and moved down next to her. He lowered it to the space between her beautiful tits and she gasped out as the cold ice pressed against her skin. Moving it slowly Jake teased her by trailing ice around her boobs and then finally pressed it hard against her left nipple. She gasped again and shivered – her breasts shaking gently at the movement.

He moved to the right nipple and repeated the process until they were as dark and hard as he could possible make them, then he stuck out his tongue and licked across them both. 

Jenny turned her head sideways and I could feel her ragged breath on my naked thigh. She was facing away from my dick and her soft hair brushed up against it, tickling it erotically. I took a handful of hair and wrapped it around my dick, enjoying the feel.

Jake slid the ice cube down from her breasts, over her stomach and through her pubic hair until it reached the top of her slit.

"Mmmm" she murmured and then "Ooooohh" as he ran the cold ice down between her labia. The icy cold sensations against her warm pussy were almost more than she could bear and she wriggled in anticipation. Her clit stood erect and he rubbed the ice across it, making her bite at her lip. Then he stroked it through her lips and down to her arse making her flinch, before trailing it back up her body over her stomach, between her tits and up her chin.

She shook her head and blushed as he held it at her lips. Looking down she could see a sticky wet trail up her body. 

"No" she whispered "it's gross"

Jake wouldn't take no for an answer and he pressed the ice cube firmly against her lips. As I rubbed my dick against her cheek she reluctantly gave in and let the ice slide between her lips and over her tongue.

"You don't taste so bad after all" Jake teased and she shut her eyes in embarrassment.

As Jenny sucked hard on the ice cube in her mouth, Jake turned his attention to the pink dildo in his other hand. Wasting no time he slipped it straight into her moist cunt and she gasped out, spitting out the ice onto her chest.

"Sorry" he said, "but I didn't think it would need much lubrication."

"Bastard," she panted.

Jake's eyes met mine and we smirked at each other. Still clutching Jenny's hair around my cock I began to pump it slowly against her cheek, rubbing sticky pre-cum from the tip across her flushed skin.

As Jake slid the dildo in and out of her moist cunt, Jenny's breath came in short bursts and her body trembled. Her pussy was so wet that the dildo was soon slick with her juices.

Satisfied that it was now lubricated enough Jake now pulled it out from her grasping labia and stroked it down towards her arsehole.

"No," Jenny ordered, "not there."

"Why not Jenny?" Jake asked.

"I just don't like anything there ok?"

Jake looked at me again. "I think someone's an anal virgin..." He grinned.

"Shut up you bastard - and get it away," Jenny replied indignantly.

"Or you'll what?" Jake smiled.

He had a point. She was in no position to do anything about it laid on her back with her thighs spread as they were and her wrists tied. Jake closed in for the kill and pressed the wet dildo against her arse.

"Fuuuucccckkk youuuuu" she growled through gritted teeth as he began to slide it into tight passage, inch by inch. As he pushed it further and further in, Jake began to rub on her clit and Jenny shook in ecstasy.

"Oh god..." she groaned.

"See you like that don't you" he teased, and sank the dildo to the hilt, deep in her arse.

"Ohhhhh" she moaned out. It felt so big and it was so dirty, but she couldn't help but admit to herself that she was enjoying it.

As I stroked my dick harder against Jenny's face, Jake grabbed a second ice cube from her glass and pressed it against her pussy. She gasped and shivered as he teased her with it, rubbing it over her erect clit and stroking her cunt lips. 

Then with a sudden movement he slipped the ice cube inside of her, and as she wriggled at this new invasion he began to pump the dildo in and out of her arse.

The feelings were intense for Jenny and she began to cum, letting out little yelps of pleasure through gritted teeth.

"Like that you slut" asked Jake nastily? "Like the feeling of that plastic dick in your arse?"

"Oohh" she panted in response as he rubbed at her clit again "Oh god..."

I was so turned on by Jake's abuse of her body that I could feel my balls begin to swell with cum. Jenny's body quivered as a huge orgasm ran through her, and just as she began to come down from it Jake had one more surprise.

With a flick of a switch the dildo in her arse began to vibrate, and at the same time Jake pressed forward and sank his dick into her dripping cunt.

"Fuuuuck..." she grunted out as he slammed into her, her filled arse buzzing from the electric toy.

It was more than I could stand and as I wanked my cock in her hair I pushed it hard against her pretty cheek. She moaned as It began to erupt cum across her face, little spurts shooting over her cheek, nose, and lips while the rest dribbled down into her hair.

As the vibrator in her arse hummed incessantly and Jake fucked her cunt roughly, Jenny came for a second time.

"Ah ah ah ahhhh" she yelped out, and her clenching pussy pushed Jake over the edge.

He grunted out hard and slipped his dick from inside her, jerking it over her quivering body and sending streams of cum across her pubes and stomach.

As we both sat there recovering, the only noises were Jenny's laboured breathing and whimpering as the vibrator carried on buzzing deep inside her.