 Waking up as I feel you rolling our bodies over, putting yourself on top of me. You start riding my hard cock up and down, my eyes opening, seeing your tits bouncing. You look down at me, smiling. Knowing how much I love your pussy fucking my cock. My hands reach up, roughly grabbing your tits, then pinching your hard nipples. Hearing you moaning, calling out my name, your pussy so hot, cumming already. Flooding my cock and balls with your hot juices. The tightness of your pussy milks the cum from my cock, making my cock throb deep inside you, shooting all my seed into you. Mmmmmmm, looking down, seeing our mixed cum leaking out of your pussy, looking so hot, so sexy. Pulling you up so your pussy is at my face, licking our cum from your sexy thighs, then your pussy lips, lapping it all up. Turning you around making you lick and suck my cock and balls clean of our cum. 

Pushing you off me and taking us to the shower to clean up. Daddy has plans for his slut this afternoon. We shower and get dressed. I'm making you wear a short mini skirt and low cut top, no bra or panties. Making my slut easy to play with, easy to take, to use at anytime. 

We take a walk down the sidewalk to see what's around us. My hand slipping under your skirt, grabbing your ass cheeks. MMmmmmmm, there's an adult store ahead of us. Taking you in, I see they have the little booths in the back with peep shows. Taking your hand and leading us back there, other men in the store staring at your hot body, watching where we go. The booths are small, closing the door I lower my pants and sit down, pulling you onto my lap, your back facing me as we get ready to watch the shows. You notice a hole in each of the walls beside us, asking me what they're for. Be patient my slut, you'll soon find out. As the show starts we see a girl on her hands and knees being fucked doggie style while her mouth is busy sucking on a guys cock. You feel my hard cock pressed against your ass, your ass squirming on my lap. Soon I notice a hard cock poking through the wall on our left side. I push you up and off me, my hands grabbing your hips, guiding your wet pussy onto the hard cock. Watching you push your ass hard against the wall, wanting it all. 

I sit back down and we see another hard cock poking through the wall to our right, grabbing you by your hair, pushing your mouth down to the cock, telling you so suck it. Sitting there, watching you fucking one cock and sucking another, your tits hanging over my hard cock. My hands grab them, pinching your nipples, pulling down on them. Watching my slut being taken again, used again. My hands slap your tits, then slap your ass, making you hotter, making your ass squirm as your pussy milks the guys cock that's in you. Hearing you moaning, gagging from the cock in your mouth, watching you swallow his hot cum down your throat. The cock in your pussy shooting its loads deep inside you. The cocks disappear, you stand ready to straddle my cock, but another hard cock pokes through the hole, so I make you back your ass up onto it, telling you to let him take your tight ass. My sluts so hot for cock, you back your ass into the mans cock, and start fucking him hard. My hands slapping your tits, pinching them, knowing how hot makes you. 

Your tight ass milks the cum from the guys cock fast, giving you a load of hot cum deep in your ass. MMmmmmm, daddy wants to see you being used better, so I make you get on your hands and knees in front of me, taking my hard cock into your mouth. My foot pushes the door open to our booth, making your ass and pussy free for anyone to use. Soon you feel a hard cock pushing at your wet pussy again, ramming deep into you. I feel you sucking harder on my cock, the cock in your pussy fucking you hard, his balls slapping against your clit, making you cum. Watching as he pulls his cock out of you, then ramming it deep and hard into your tight ass, hearing you moan with pleasure as he does. I know he won't last long, knowing how tight your ass is. Soon we hear him grunting, pushing his cock deep and hard into your ass, filling your ass with more hot cum. 

Another man comes by, seeing your ass and pussy there for the taking, but first he spanks your ass hard with his hands, turning your cheeks red, making them sore. Then watching as he shoves his cock deep into your wet pussy, deep and hard in one thrust. He starts fucking you so hard, My hands grab your head, my cock fucking your mouth like its your pussy, making you gag and cough, but knowing you love it. The cock in your pussy starts to cum, ramming you hard. My cock starts throbbing, shooting my hot seed deep down your throat. Two cocks, cumming in you at once, filling you with more hot cum. 

The man pulls out of you, standing up and leaves with a smile on his face. I have you stand up in front of me, turning your back to me wanting to see you sore red ass, slapping it more, making you more sore and red. Turning you around, slapping your tits, watching them bounce. Asking if you liked those hard cocks using you, you smile and say you loved it. Mmmmmm, you love being treated rough, so I stand and slap your tits even harder, then lowering my mouth, biting your hard nipples. My hands grab your head, pushing you down on your knees, making you suck my cock again. Telling my hot bitch to make my cock hard again. You hungrily lick and suck on my balls, then I watch as your take my cock back into your mouth, licking and sucking. 

A couple walks by our booth, stopping as they see you sucking my cock, looking at your sore red ass. They take their clothes off, the guys cock already hard. Reaching down with my hands, lifting on your hips, so your on your hands and knees, the man moves toward you, looking at me. I tell him to take you, take you hard. His girl gets down and sucks on your tits, biting your nipples. Your body starts bucking wildly, loving the attention. Your mouth sucking harder on my cock. Looking down, watching your body being taken, being used. 

I tell everyone to stop for a minute. Sitting back down I make you sit on my lap, your back to me as my cock pushes into your tight ass. Telling the guy to come and shove his cock back into your pussy. Wanting my slut to have both her fuckholes being used at the same time. The girl sucks again on your tits, watching as she moves her mouth down to your clit, licking and sucking. My hands grab your tits, my mouth biting the back of your neck. Your ass and pussy riding both our cocks, making you so hot, the girls mouth on your clit, you can't take anymore before you cum, moaning and screaming loud in your pleasure. The guys cock shooting his cum deep inside you. Seeing the other girl fingering her pussy hard and fast, knowing she needs a hard cock, I push you off me, telling you to suck the guys cock and balls clean. I grab his girl, pulling her unto my lap, my cock sinking deep into her pussy, she rides me hard and fast, her cunt so hot, needing cock. She cums quick, my cock barely being able to hold back. I push her off me, making her take your place sucking the mans cock. Pulling you down on my lap again, facing me, telling you I need to cum, saving my load for you as always. Your pussy slides down on my hard cock, you ride me hard and fast, pushing my cock deep inside you. I don't last long before my cock shoots it load into you. Giving your hot cunt another load of cum. Your tits in my face, my mouth biting them as I cum in you. We hold each other and kiss, I tell you that your the best. You saying how sore your ass, pussy and tits are but also how good you feel. We look and see the guy fucking his girl standing up, her legs around his waist. Hearing them moaning, grunting, cumming together. Looking so hot. 

They dress and leave, saying it was fun, we look at the time, its already Saturday evening, time to get you back to our room, clean you up and take a short nap. Daddy has more plans for his slut tonight...

To be continued...