 We wake up from our nap. Having you dress sexy like you were for the peep shows earlier. We call a cab to pick us up. we stand outside, you in front of me, with your back to me as we wait. You feel the bulge in my pants pressing against your ass. Our cab comes, the driver letting us in the back. We sit with my arm around you, your body leaned into mine. My head turns and lowers to kiss your lips. We start kissing hot and heavy, my hand cupping your tits, one then the other. Your hand grabs at the bulge in my pants. I happen to look up and see the driver watching us through the mirror. 

Knowing he's watching, my hand grabs the bottom of your top, lifting it up to your neck, exposing your tits. My fingers pinch and pull on your nipples. Knowing the driver can see everything. We kiss harder, your hand going inside my pants and grabbing my hard cock. My hand sliding up your thighs to your bare pussy, finding it so wet. I sit up, my hand pushing your head down to my cock, feeling your mouth taking it in. My hands go back to pinching your nipples. You get up on the seat on your hands and knees, your head lowered in my lap, sucking harder on my cock. I reach and pull your skirt up, your ass and pussy bare against the window of the other door. 

The cab driver pulls over and stops. Looking back at us, saying he can't drive while we're doing what we are. He asks if we mind him stoking his cock and watching us. I tell him if he's going to stroke his cock to come back here by us, telling him to make sure his cum lands on you. He gets out, opens the back door, your bare ass in front of him. Telling him to take your wet pussy and fuck you hard. Watching as he lets his hard cock rest in the crack of your ass, then lowering it until you feel the head pushing into your wet cunt. He starts fucking you hard and fast, I feel your mouth sucking even harder on my cock. I tell the cab driver to take your tight ass if he wants to, soon you feel his cock sliding out of your pussy and into your ass, ramming your ass deep and hard. 

My hands grab your head, fucking your mouth faster and harder. Ramming my cock down your throat. Telling the driver to fuck your ass harder and rougher. Hearing you gagging from my cock, I keep pounding your mouth, the driver pounding your ass. Soon we both cum, pushing our cocks hard into you. Shooting our hot cum, filling you. The driver pulls out of your ass, watching the cum leaking from you. My cock slips out of your mouth, you look up at me smiling, loving the cocks you get. The driver leans down, licking your pussy and ass clean of the cum that leaked out of you. I turn you around, sliding myself about in the middle of the seat, making you lay across me face down, your pussy resting against my cock, your face at the edge of the seat. The driver puts his cock to your mouth, making you lick and suck him clean. You feel my hand come down on your ass cheeks, spanking my sluts ass while watching you suck his cock hard again. my other hand under you, pinching your nipples again. Making them sore, my hand spanking your ass making your ass red and sore. You feel my cock hardening again under you. 

The drivers cock hard again, saying he wants more of your tight ass. I lay down on the seat having you lay on top of me, shoving my cock into your pussy, your ass free for the driver to take. My cock deep in your pussy, the driver mounts you from the rear, shoving his cock back into your ass. We both start fucking you hard and fast. Your body thrashing and bucking wildly between us. My hand roughly grabbing at your tits. Our cocks using you, fucking you hard. Hearing you moaning, crying out in pleasure as you cum. Your juices leaking out of you. We keep pounding you hard, making you cum again and again. finally we can't hold back anymore, you feel our cocks throbbing deep inside your fuckholes. Shooting our seed deep inside you. 

After we cum, the driver pulls out standing up saying he better get back to work, telling us our ride is paid for. We sit back up in the seat, cuddled to each other, kissing. The driver starts driving again, only this time asking where we want to go. It's gotten late so we tell the driver to take us back to out hotel. We walk into the lobby and step into the elevator. Noticing two other couples getting in with us. I whisper in your ear wondering if they can smell the sex on us. I stand leaning back against the corner with you leaning back against me. Suddenly the elevator is stuck, not even the emergency lighting comes on. I take advantage of it and reach around to your front, cupping your tits as I pull our bodies down to the floor. 

Freeing my cock and lifting your skirt, sliding my hard cock into your wet pussy again. As you sit with your back to me on my lap and my cock buried in your pussy, I suddenly feel someone's tongue licking my balls and then my cock as it slides in and out of you. You feel a hard cock at your mouth, opening your mouth eagerly taking it in. The tongue on my cock moves up and licks on your clit, making your pussy even more on fire to be fucked. Pitch dark and we have no idea which couple has found us. Your body starts bucking wildly from my cock pounding your pussy and having a mouth sucking your clit at the same time. Listening to you sucking hard on some strangers cock. My hands pinching your nipples. 

Then all of a sudden your feel a hand on your head, grabbing your hair pulling you up. I feel you beside me on your hands and knees, knowing that the guy must be taking you doggie style. I feel the girl lowering her pussy down over my cock, taking me in all the way. You reach over to me cupping my balls in your hand as she rides my cock. My hand reaches under you, rubbing your clit while the strangers cock is fucking you. Soon the girl riding my cock starts to cum hard, I can barely hold back from cumming, but she stops bucking against me just in time. I hear the man cumming shooting your pussy full of his cum. Pounding your pussy hard and deep. Hearing you moaning, your hand cupping my balls tighter as you cum with him.

We hear the couple get up and straighten out their clothes as their done with us. I have a button in my hand from the girls blouse wanting to know which one was riding my cock. You sit on me again, lowering your pussy on my cock, knowing I always save my cum for you. You ride me hard and fast, wanting my seed in you. I cum fast, pushing my cock deep into you and holding it there as you feel it throbbing hard, shooting deep into your pussy. As we calm down again, we stand and straighten up our clothes, soon the lights come back on and the elevator starts moving. I keep looking at both the other couples, looking for the girl that's missing a button from her blouse. Finally I spot which one she is, whispering to you which couple has sex with us. They happen to look back at us as they get off the elevator, giving us a smile. Soon the elevator stops on our floor. We get to our room exhausted and tired. You telling me how happy I make you and how sore your body is, but loving all the attention it gets. 

We take a quick shower to clean up. Going to bed, wrapped in each others arms. I decide to leave you alone for the night, to let you rest. You smile and say fine, but you still want my cock resting inside your pussy as we fall asleep. We both sleep, then waking up its Sunday morning already, Half a day left before we must end out weekend...

To be continued...