 It all started with an email that read "You love it when I suck your dick after you've fucked me in the ass, next time you save it for Trish. It won't be long before your cuckold wife is dying to watch you fuck me in the ass and make me squirt. Then we let her join the party. The fantasy has me all worked up, the reality is so very tempting when the time is right. And Omg that will be one fantastic story to write about. Forget laundry, I'm off to masturbate and fantasize..." Yours, Lola 

Wow I thought to myself fuck would I love to show this email to my wife, so I responded to her "Your bad and i really love it. my very first thought is i wanna show Trish your email to show her that this idea really turns you on and in turn that may start her motor running would you be alright with that? also may i show her a nice clean picture of you?"

To my surprise she says yes and I do it goes over pretty well well enough that my wife jokes about finding a sitter for the kids and within a few hours all which seemed like a blur I was on my way to pick up Lola and get some drinks for the girls to loosen up with.

I pull up to Lola's in the old 67 Chevy. I groan out loud as I see her in her little blue summer dress, with no bra as she practically skips down the driveway in delight flashing that bright sexy smile the whole time. She gets in smiling away and says "I can't believe this is happening." We pull around the corner and pullover out of sight from her neighbors and I lean over and give her one hell of a kiss and fish a nipple out of her low cut dress she giggles in delight as I tease her for a bit. Off to buy some booze and Ice we go! I enjoy the looks of guys gawking at her in her sexy dress flashing that big sexy smile she just can't hide tonight . I love it when they get carried away looking at her then see me the guy she's with looking very bad boy biker and standing 6 foot 4 weighing 275 lbs and flashing a lot of Ink in my sleeveless Harley shirt , they tend to look away very quickly which always makes me smile. 

We arrive at home before Trish is back from dropping off the kids so we drop the mike's lemonade in a cooler and cover them with ice while I start preparing to BBQ for my ladies. I pour Lola a stiff drink of ironically a chocolaty liqueur called Hot Sex and also pour one for Trish so it's ready for when she comes in. In a few minutes the front door opens and the moment arrives where my Wife meets My lover of the last few months. Pleasantries are exchanged, the drinks start to go down, small talk happens its all flowing well actually. So I feel confident enough that I can step out onto the deck to cook our deluxe burgers, I keep the drinks topped up as I set the table and grab things for outside and the effects are showing.. Some giggles and laughs, usually at my expense are happening. It's as if they are old friends. I take it all hoping the payoff is coming later...

Suppers done I come in , sit down and we eat. The talk is good, very good no awkwardness appears anywhere, I clean off the table with some help from Lola and then we shift to the hard lemonade and the giddiness and slight nervousness starts to fill the kitchen. I make jokes and try to get things rolling , but no takers yet, Eventually I go to my wife and whisper into her ear that I want her to go change into the outfit she had on for me the other night when I came home. It was a blue spaghetti strapped negligee with matching blue thong and high to the knee black leather 3 inch stiletto heels.

She laughs it off but with some encouragement from Lola decides to go put it on.

She steps out of the bedroom and comes to the kitchen where Lola and I drink in her sexiness standing at 5 foot 8 before heels My brunette haired wife is stunning displaying her freshly tanned body off in this small rather sheer little outfit. her 38 double D tits look so mouthwatering, her legs in the boots looks stunning as well. She is smiling but nervous as we both look her over rather well. I take the lead and grab her and Lola's hand and we head into the bedroom. Laying Trish down on her back Lola hops up beside her as I crawl on top of her and start deeply kissing my beautiful wife.

Lola stays close but doesn't join in right away with just the kissing and the 3rd party watching my wife starts raising her hips to grind into me as we kiss. I pull out one of her tits from her top and work over her nipple then as I'm getting her other breast out of her top Lola leans in and starts sucking on my wife's nipple she starts to moan very quickly as we both play with her huge tits. I raise to a kneeling position and lean over to kiss Lola then I grab her dress and pull it up over her head so she is topless. We kiss again before I go back to Trish. I kiss her before sliding down her body leaving kisses along the way till I get to her thinly covered mound I rub her pussy through the thin fabric. She is grinding against me quite hard now as I'm doing this Lola now has one of Trish's nipples in her mouth and is playing with the other one with her fingers . 

I remove my wife's panties and dive in between her legs and proceed to bury my tongue in the folds of her pussy. She is soaked already and I add to that with my own saliva within a few short minutes my wife has her first orgasm of the night squirting all over my face as she does. I tell Lola to "Get in here she is squirting already." Lola moves in while I slide up beside my wife to watch my lover go down on her. There's a sight I thought I would never see and what a sexy sight it was. Trish was enjoying Lola's tongue so much her head was arched back with her eyes closed. I grab her head and raise it and say "Look at her eat you out." within mere moments of this Trish cums and squirts big again but this time into my lovers mouth. Lola presses on and is rewarded with 2 more large gushes of Trish's juices. The bed is clearly soaked with a very large wet spot. 

Lola raises her head at this point and says " He told me you squirted, but oh my god do you ever." I laugh out loud as does Trish. 

At this point Lola turns to me and says "Your over dressed, take it off." As she motions to what I'm wearing. So I undress completely and now Lola is the only one wearing anything so I get her to lie down on her back and raise her hips as I remove her thong and prepare to go down on her. As I'm settling in I look up into Lola's eyes. We lock eyes for a moment saying many things without having to vocalize them. Then she flashes a big smile just before I lower my head and start eating her out I stare at her as I eat her and watch her face go though the pleasure feelings and expressions until Trish leans in to kiss her and starts sucking on her nipples I get her off once eating her and love the taste and smell and sight of this woman withering on my face.

I get up and lie down on my back between them on the bed. Catching our breaths we all take five and giggle and talk about the night so far then the girls decide to go down on me. This is pure heaven, two mouths, two tongues all ravishing my cock with pure abandon! I am rock hard, so Trish climbs up on top of me and slides her tight pussy down over my cock. She rides me while Lola watches us fuck from the foot of the bed. Lola is on her knees with a birds eye view of my cock disappearing into my wife's pussy. Then Lola joins me up on the bed kissing me and watching my wife ride my cock her big tits bouncing up and down as she rocks herself back and forth on my cock.

This turns her on so she rises up and squats over my face feeding me her juicy pussy. I lap away at it till I am straining to stick my tongue out any further here in this position. I am truly fighting gravity.... Trish is getting off on my cock squirting, her juices covering my balls and ass as i thrust up into her. 

Trish rolls off of me as Lola lies down again and I encourage my wife to go down on her Lola smiles big as she opens her legs for my wife. Now I should say again right here that being with another woman is brand new to my wife, so she gets between Lola's legs with some apprehension as I settle up beside Lola to watch my wife enjoy her first pussy. I am surprised at how quickly she got started and how quickly she seemed to get into it, before long with Trish's tongue working wonders for a beginner and with some kisses and nipple play from me Lola is moaning and thrusting her hips into my wife's face. Then in time she starts cumming on Trish's tongue. Her body tensing and rising up off the bed and her upper body flushing a bright shade of red as she grunts and moans herself through a wonderful orgasm.

At this point I get on my knee's close to Lola's head so I can shove my cock in her mouth while my wife continues to bury her face in my lovers pussy. Lola goes down on me hard swallowing my full length then after pounding her mouth, I pull out so she can tease my balls with her talented tongue. 

Now rock hard I get up and stand behind my wife, taking in the incredible view of my wife eating out my sexy redheaded girlfriend I grab Trish's ass and motion her to raise it into the air for me. I stare into Lola's eyes as I start to fuck my wife from behind while she has her face buried in Lola's pussy. What a sight my wife with a brand new just hours old 'tramp stamp' tattoo on her lower back getting pounded by my cock while I look into my lovers eyes exchanging smiles as this is so hot for both of us. I pound away till I can't pound any longer for an older guy I'm holding my own thou and I still haven't blown my load yet either!!

Anyways eventually Trish stops eating Lola and settles back on to the bed beside her. I lie down between them again feeling like a king as I have my arms around 2 beautiful women. That feeling of "I'm the man" fades abruptly as Lola gets up and decides to move herself down the bed to give me some more of that amazing head she gives. Then once fully hard again she lowers her ass onto my hard cock taking me into her so slowly as her ass stretches to accommodate my girth. Trish watches as my redheaded lover rocks on my cock driving it deeper and deeper into her tight little asshole.... She starts kissing me as Lola rides away. Lola's entire body tenses as she cums on my cock deep in her ass.

I still haven't cum yet so both girls go to work on my cock. Lola tastes her ass as she goes down on me while Trish licks by balls from top to bottom. The two of them devouring my aching cock and balls, this goes on as long as I can hold out. Then I blow a huge load into Lola's pumping hand as I shoot all over her and myself. Trish looks up and flashes me a wide evil grin. Lola then looks at her and gives her first dibs. When she doesn't go for my cum, Lola licks her hand clean and then proceeds to lick my cock and balls and belly clean! She does love slurping up all of my cum!

Fuck was that good! I always wanted two women going down on me! 

So with that done, we all slow down and catch our breaths some. I head to the kitchen and grab some coolers for us and we sit about the bed naked just small talking like it's the most natural thing in the world.. I found this quite amusing to be honest.

I start round two by having Trish lay on her side while I eat her out while Lola kisses her some and then slides down and works on sucking my cock again. In a short period of time Trish starts to squirt again. I get Lola's attention and she watches my wife shower me with cum a good 6 times! I am covered - face, chest, arms and hands all dripping wet!

Seeing my wife get off like that fires Lola right up and she attacks my balls and ass with her tongue. I raise my legs giving her talented tongue better access to my sensitive asshole, while doing this I am still going down on my wife who then surprises both Lola and myself by leaning over and fingering Lola's pussy pushing two fingers deep into her. Lola moans into my balls as she does this which gets my attention and that's when I see just how into this seen my wife really is.. 

This goes on for a bit until Trish actually fingers Lola so good that she squirts all over my wife's hand moaning loudly as she cums. Wow what a sexy sight!

After this Lola gets up, looks me in the eye climbs on top of me again and sinks my cock deep into her ass again. She is so tight I moan out loud as Trish looks on as my sexy red headed lover rides my cock deep in her ass again. She fucks me hard till she cums on my cock shaking violently on top of me as she groans threw another strong orgasm.

Lola climbs off and takes no time before going down on me and tasting her ass on my cock again. Trish joins her after she has licked me clean and they both take turns blowing me . Then Trish moves up beside me and we kiss our tongues deeply dancing in each others mouth in a very hot wet passionate kiss. Between Lola working my cock over with her mouth and teasing my ass with her fingertip and Trish forcing her tongue in my mouth I cum to a boil yet again and have no choice but to shoot my load into Lola's hot wet mouth. 

She swallows all of it and sucks and licks me clean again. We all clean up some and get dressed. 

We are all tired and Lola chooses not to stay the night so she says goodbye and tells my wife " It was nice meeting you" with a sexy smile and we all share a laugh.

As really what else do you say?

I drive her home as we talk about our incredible night. I kiss her goodnight and watch her ass in that summer dress scamper up her steps before I put the 67 back in drive to head home to my wife...