 Note for readers: Loli, a mixture between her mother's name, Lola, and her father's name, Eli, is barely 18. She has a level of innocents to be misnamed by some as naive. Painfully so. For Loli, sex = kissing mouth to mouth. Anyways, enjoy.

*****

Richard waved me over to the side of the hall. "Hey Loli, me and a few friends were going to go camping for summer break."

"The whole summer break?" I asked.

He nodded at the same time as he said, "Yes."

"Oh, well, let me check to see if it is okay with my parents."

I called my dad real quick, confirming it was okay. Since he was always busy, it was not like we had anything planned, so I didn't think they would mind, but I wanted to confirm. I hung up and smiled at Richard.

"Sure, it sounds like fun! I haven't been camping since I was a little girl. Do I need to bring anything?"

"Just bring yourself," he told me.

I got home, packed up some clothes, making sure to also pack some shorts since skirts and dresses would not be very good for hiking and other stuff, and other necessities, slipped into a light summer dress, a floppy sun hat, some sneakers for walking, and then headed out.

I arrived at Richard's house, seeing the pickup and camper. "Wait," I said. "How will we all fit into the pickup?"

They looked at me strangely. "Well, only three will be able to fit in the cab, the driver and two others, unless you want to sit on someone's lap..."

"Okay, I will." I told him. Two chuckled, but I could not figure out what was so funny.

With that, we all climbed in, two of the guys sat in the back of the pickup, and I sat on one of the other guy's lap.

"I am so excited!" I said to the people in the front with me. Well, and the two in the back, as the back window was slid open and they were both looking inside, talking to the others. "I haven't been camping since I was six. And I sat on my daddy's lap the whole way there too! This is just like when I was young!" I said, feeling warm nostalgia. The guys gave me strange looks, but I didn't care.

Peter, the person who's lap I was sitting in, wrapped his arms around my waist. I giggled, then asked him what he was doing. "I just want to...keep you safe. Didn't your dad hold you when you were young?"

I nodded yes, and he took that for proof that he was doing what he should.

I wiggled a bit, trying to get comfortable on Peter's lap.

Richard started introductions.

"So, you already know me," Richard said.

Peter hit him softly on the shoulder. "Yeah, Dick is a real swell guy."

I looked at Richard. "Dick? I thought your name is Richard?"

He gave me a look that I didn't completely understand. "My full name is Richard Fitswell. But I go by Dick. Dick Fitswell. Only you and the teachers use Richard. All my friends call me Dick..."

"Oh, sorry," I said, horrified that I had been calling him by the wrong name.

"Anyways, the lucky guy who's lap you are sitting on is Peter Insidya."

"In-cid-a?" I asked.

"No, In-side-ya," he corrected.

"Insidya. Where is that from?"

"India, although it was changed a little when my ancestors immigrated to the US."

"Oh, I was wondering why you were a bit darker! That makes so much sense!"

Fortunately, I was unable to see Peter grimace behind me.

"Anyways," Dick said, continuing, "this is Justin Hermouf."

"Her-mouth?" I asked.

"No, her-m-ow-f. Justin her-m-ow-f. Eastern European, before you ask." He laughed.

"Okay, so, Dick Fitswell, Peter Insidya, Justin Hermouf." They each nodded in turn. "The two in the back?"

One stuck his head in, reaching his hand across my chest to shake my hand.

"Hi, I am Mike Oxhard."

"Oxhard? Okay, this one is easy. UK, right?" 

I couldn't tell if he nodded, but he "Yep"ed right in my ear. His breath tickled a bit.

The other one just said his name. "Harry Cox." 

"Well, nice to meet you all. Dick Fitswell, Peter Insidya, Justin Hermouf, Mike Oxhard, and Harry Cox." I said, testing each of their names. "Dick, Peter, Justin, Mike, Harry. I am Loli! I am so excited to go camping with you guys."

I wiggled again and heard a moan from Peter behind me. His lap was feeling less and less comfortable, something hard poking me.

After about 50 miles of this, I had to get off his lap, as it was not feeling that comfortable, and was making me feel a little warm between the legs. It felt almost like I had to go pee. But, not quite.

"Umm, Peter, do you have something in your pocket? It keeps poking me..." I said, not wanting to make him feel bad, but needing something to change.

The guys laughed a little. "Umm, nothing I can take out," Peter said, voice mirthful.

"Umm, sorry, but, I don't think I can go the whole way on your lap," I told him, feeling bad. "Dick...can you stop? I will just ride in the back with Mike or Harry. One of them can come sit up here on Peter's lap. 

"No thanks. You can sit in the back with them, and they will just stay back there."

I nodded, feeling bad, afraid I had hurt Peter's feelings.

I climbed into the back of the pickup, and wondered immediately if I made a mistake. As we sped up, I ended up having to hold my dress down and my hat on. I tried talking to Mike and Harry, but with the wind rushing passed us, I eventually gave up, as my voice was growing hoarse trying to yell to be heard.

I watched the mountains roll by, the evergreens making the air smell wonderful after the city. Even better than the strange little mirror tree hanging things you buy at the car washes.

To the left, I saw a deer bound down the side of the mountain. "Look," I said, pointing at it. It was gone before anyone had a chance to see it, but I also realized my mistake as my hat flew of my head. I jumped up in the bed of the pickup to try to catch it as it briefly plastered itself to the camper. By the time I got to the back of the pickup, it had already broke loose and blown around the side.

However, mistake piled on mistake as suddenly I was unable to see, tangled in my own dress as the wind caught it, lifting it, bunching it around my arms and head.

Mike and Harry grabbed a hold of me, Mike holding my legs as Harry's arms wrapped around my torso, hands firmly holding me in place right on my bra-less breasts. I felt the truck slowing down as they tried to pull me back to safety. I felt my dress lift up, past my arms, and fly off, leaving me wearing nothing but my panties and sneakers.

Once they got me back to the front of the bed, next to the cabin, Dick sped back up.

I lay down in the back of the truck, more than a bit scared and shaken, my body quaking from fear. I kept imagining myself falling out of the back of the truck.

"What the hell was that?" Harry screamed at me to be heard over the rushing wind.

I explained to him, while being forced to yell just to be heard. "I saw a deer. I was trying to point it out for you guys, then the wind blew my hat away." I looked longingly at the camper. I liked that hat...

The two guys shook their heads while looking at each other, and we settled back, watching the scenery roll by. I blushed, feeling like a stupid, foolish girl.

I stuck my head through the open back windows and asked Dick if he could stop so I could get some more clothes.

He glanced at me out of the corner of his eye, obviously torn between wanting to watch the road and wanting to talk to me, causing his eyes to look at my chest, rather than my face. "Does it look like there is anywhere to stop?" he asked. I looked at the road again, a narrow, two lane, windy thing. I admitted he was right.

We drove a few more miles, and now, without even the covering of my dress, the cool mountain air felt more than a little bitey. I notice my nipples harden, and noticed that Mike and Harry noticed too.

"It's okay," I told them. "They do that when they get cold." They nodded at me, giving me that look again, the "dumb girl" look. I sat in the back, waiting for us to find a place to stop so I could put some clothes on, shivering slightly, huddled in on myself. Mike and Harry, being gentlemen, scooted in closer, wrapping their arms around me, trying to help me stay warm. Their arms, across my chest, around my stomach, helped me feel better. I finally found myself laying down across Mike's lap, his hands covering my breasts, rubbing them, especially the nipples, as Harry ran his hands across my panties. It was a bit puzzling, as those still covered me, but it felt better to not be so exposed to the biting wind. I almost asked Mike to stop, that my nipples did not hurt, and him doing that sent strange feelings through me, but I decided not to bother. They were only trying to help.

In what seemed like forever, the guys massaging me, trying to help me keep warm, we finally found a wide part of the road, and was able to turn off and stop.

The guys all helped me out, all of them. Strangely, my flower between my legs was all wet, so I went off a little and went potty. The guys just stared, as if they had never seen anyone go potty before. As I was winding down, Peter came over and pulled his wee wee. I laughed, watching him.

"No fair, I can't stand up! You shouldn't be allowed to either!"

He shook his head. "No, you can stand up, you just need to know what you are doing."

He came over, and waited until I stopped. "Well, we can go back to the camper, and I can show you."

I nodded, and followed along. We went back to the camper, and he had me sit down at the table inside. All the guys gathered around as he knelt down in front of me. "Spread your legs," he told me.

"But, it is dirty down there. I just went potty!" I told him, horrified at him seeing the dirty spot.

"No, you are not dirty down there. Pee is completely fine. No germs or anything in it. Well, as long as you do not have some infection. You don't have an infection, do you?"

I shook my head no, but was still not sure I believed him.

"Can I touch?" He said. I nodded yes, not sure what he wanted to do.

He placed his finger and his thumb on either side of my flower's entrance, and then spread it open. My mouth dropped open as he did that, shocked that he would open my flower.

"Okay, here," he said, pointing at something, "is where the pee comes from in a girl." The other guys crowded around, but I could not see where he was pointing.

"But I can't see," I said, then sighed as I realized I sounded a little whiney. Dick grabbed a little hand mirror and passed it to me.

Peter helped me guide it until I could see where he was pointing. I gasped. Above the big hole was a little hole. He was saying the pee came out of the little hole.

"Wow, and you mean I can pee like you? But, it is still a hole, while your wee wee is all pointy."

A few of the guys laughed, and Peter calmly replied. "Let me know the next time you go pee. I will show you how."

"Okay!" I agreed. I shook my head. "But, how do you know this?"

This time, he blushed. "I had a girlfriend who liked golden showers..." The other guys laughed and made other strange sounds at him. I bit my lip, not sure what he was talking about, but not wanting the other guys to know I had no idea.

I pulled back on my panties, then got dressed in a pair of shorts and a light sweater. I purposely avoided any hats.

This time, Justin joined us in back, leaving Peter and Dick alone in the front. I wondered if I should get up front, but just stayed where I was.

Eventually, I found myself falling asleep, the wind now familiar, rather than annoying, and the rhythm of the road, gently rocking the truck back and forth, helping lull me to sleep. I vaguely noticed I had slumped over on one of the guys, then darkness took me as I dreamed of strange things. Little nippy things, nipping my nipples. Grabby plants, tickling my flower. Strange, salty lollipops, creamy centers melting in my mouth.

When I came to, I was laying across the three guys. My shirt slightly askew, pulled up a bit. My stomach was a bit cold from the exposure. A strange taste in my mouth, salty and a little bitter. My panties all bunched up, wedged right up my bottom, probably from when I moved around in my sleep. The stars were starting to come out. I looked up at them as I turned over, staying on my back. The guys didn't complain. In the city, we never really get to see many stars, with the city lights washing them out, and the city smog making them hard to see anyways. But here, in the mountains, there was not all that smog. There was not all those lights. The sky seemed to be filling up with stars. I wiped my mouth, embarrassed as I found sticky liquid there. ''Oh my god, I can't believe I drooled all over them!'' I thought to myself. ''Strange that it is so sticky though.'' I had never remembered my pillow being sticky. Just wet. I quickly wiped my mouth off and wiped it along my top, hoping the guys did not notice.

We stopped, and I sat up, looking around. We were in a small town. Well, if you could call it a town. There were three buildings, one of them a restaurant, a motel, which we had stopped at, and that was about it.

"What are we doing?"

Dick, already out of the pickup, leaned over the edge. "You didn't think we would make it all the way out tonight, did you?" He asked. "We will arrive at the camping area tomorrow. So, today, enjoy your last day of 'civilization'." He told me.

Dick went into the motel office, renting us a room.

We all went up, and noted quickly that it was a single room with two beds. 

The guys started immediately complaining about the five of them trying to sleep in the same bed.

One finally gave up, claiming the reclining chair near the TV, but the others continued arguing.

Another finally grabbed some blankets and a pillow and found a spot on the floor. That left three arguing.

I finally got annoyed. "Just sleep in the bed," I told them.

That immediately set them off about how there was only two beds, and they were not gay. Like a den mother to a bunch of arguing kids, I finally assigned one to one bed and the other two to the other bed.

That set off more arguing, both telling me they weren't going to sleep in the same bed, and asking where I was going to sleep.

I saw this wasn't going to work. Men and their stupid ideas about being gay just because another guy was in the bed.

"Fine," I said, interrupting their protests. "I will sleep in this bed, between you two, so you won't touch each other. Okay?"

They immediately stopped taking and finally nodded agreement.

"Now I need to get cleaned up before I go eat." I said, heading over to my bag. I grabbed a small bag, stripped off my clothes and stuffed my clothes in it while I got ready.

When I turned around, all five of them were staring at me. "You need to separate your dirty and clothes from your clean clothes," I told them, not sure why they were staring at me so hard. Men. Can't even understand such simple concepts.

I grabbed my restroom bag and went in.

I stepped in front of the mirror, examining my dirty face and clean chest. As I looked at my hair, I noticed a clump sticking together. My face had dirt streaks, clinging in trails from where I had drooled. It felt sort of stiff, pulling at my face.

I took out my toothbrush, applied the toothpaste, and had just started brushing when the bathroom door cracked open.

"Sorry, I really need to go," Justin said.

"Oh, it's fine," I told him. "When you have to go, you have to go."

"You don't want to go out and wait?" He asked, a bit hesitant.

"Hey, we are friends, right? Everyone has to go, and I want to finish quickly so we can go eat."

He nodded, then pulled down his pants and underwear. I noticed his wee wee was rather stiff, and realized he must need to go bad.

I continued brushing my teeth, trying to ignore the random farts. I spit out the toothpaste, trying my best to do it as ladylike as possible. Not something I had to worry about when my dad or mother was in the restroom at the same time, but these guys weren't my family, so I had to be as ladylike as possible.

I bent over, slurping up the water, then spit as quietly as possible. Ladylike.

I bent over again, took a couple cool, refreshing drinks, then turned around.

Justin's eyes were glued to me.

"Huh?" I asked. "Did I do something wrong? I tried not to disturb you."

He shook his head no. After he cleared his throat, he told me, "I have just never seen someone so quiet while they were brushing their teeth."

"Oh, thank you," I told him, then hoped into the shower.

The shower was one of those clear, box like things. I marveled as it warmed up and still didn't get all misty. I also saw in the mirror that Justin had his hand on his wee wee and was stroking it quickly.

I watched, confused, as my brother and dad never had to do that while they were using the potty. I wondered if something was wrong.

Finally, I saw some almost white stuff shoot out of his wee wee. I remembered the principal and remembered how he had to get all the white stuff out before the swelling stopped. A look of relief flashed across Justin's face before I even had the chance to offer to help. He got up, pulled up his pants, and left rather quickly.

The long trip had left everyone in the same state. I saw the other four come in, needing to use the restroom as I showered. I tried not to look, but all seemed to have stiff wee wees. All had to rub them before they left. ''Strange, I have seen my brother and daddy go potty, and they did not need to do that to get the pee out. And their pee seems strange.'' I shook my head, not understanding guys at all. Maybe I would ask them next time.

I left the restroom, heading into our shared room while toweling off my hair. The guys, watching some stupid sports thing on the TV, glanced at me as I slipped on my panties, a flared skater dress, and some knee high boots.

A couple of the guys told me how great I looked, I blushed slightly from the compliment and thanked them, and we headed across the street to the restaurant.

When we got inside, it was fairly empty. Only one table had other people, and they looked like some sort of woodsmen. I imagined them with giant axes, swinging at trees, and laughed.

The food was a bit different than what I was used to, and after we finished eating, enjoying our full tummies, I was invited to play pool.

They helped me learn how to play, how to stroke the end of the stick with the chalk, how to run it through my encircled fingers, stroking it up and down. As I leaned over to try to shoot, one or another would press himself against my back, helping guide my hands properly. After a while, I was sure I had it, but they kept doing that. It got a little annoying, but I tried to smile and endure. I didn't want to hurt their feelings. It was fun, with one leg sitting on the table, the other leg on the ground. I did get a little embarrassed as the woodsmen could see my panties, my dress pulled up and my legs spread wide like that. It is never good to let strangers see your panties, my mom always told me.

After a few games, we all headed back to the motel, since we had to get an early start to make sure we made it to camp before dark.

"Umm, what are you doing?" Dick asked me as I took off my clothes, then settled down on the bed.

"Going to sleep? Is something wrong?" I asked him, wondering what the problem was.

"You sleep naked?" he asked.

"Yes. I guess I toss and turn a bit when I sleep, and when I try to sleep with something on, it always gets all twisted and uncomfortable." I looked at him. "Oh, sorry, do you want to switch with one of the guys?" I asked, as he was one that would be on the same bed as me. "I am sure I won't roll over on you or something." I said, trying to reassure him that my tossing and turning would not affect him. "But, I am a deep sleeper, so...I can't say that I will not bump you or something. Is that okay? I have slept in the same bed with others, and they didn't wake up beaten up or anything," I said, a joking tone to my voice.
