 I met Lona at work. We both were members of an inside sales group taking orders for printer parts daily. She was in her mid 20's, was slim and about 5'5. Her dark brown hair was curly and about shoulder length and while not a raving beauty she was certainly very attractive. Her mischievous brown eyes were constantly looking in my direction until I finally asked her out.

Our first date ended at her apartment. She slipped off her light summer dress fell to her knees and gobbled my cock right inside her apartment door. I was just hoping for a good night kiss! Lona proved to be the best cocksucker that I had met to this point. During that evening we did everything that we could think of together. Lona was hesitant to let me go down on her because the only time she had a guy go down on her it hurt. I persisted and was happy to have her hot little pussy mashed in my face and her shortly thereafter cumming all over it. 

We dated for several months and one of our favorite things was to read stories to each other from Penthouse Letters and make each other crazy horny before finishing each other off. She quickly caught on to my predilection for group scenarios and learned to pick those stories to get me the hottest.

As great as she was in bed Lona only held my attraction for a few months before I was ready for some strange pussy. But I did the right thing and sat her down and let her know that there wasn't a long range relationship in the cards. Lona told me that she was fine with that as long as we could occasionally still have sex. She loved it when I ate her pussy and didn't want to give that up. At the time it seemed like a good deal for me so we sealed the deal with a torrid sixty nine.

Over the next few weeks I got a few blow jobs at lunch in the parking lot and returned the favor a time or two. I did notice that Lona was spending quite a bit of time with another guy in the office. Gary was a good guy, a nice Jewish boy from Long Island that worked in the Product Design department. It didn't bother me that Lona seemed interested in Gary because he was such a great guy and we didn't have an exclusive relationship anyway.

One Friday night after work I went to the local 99 restaurant for a few beers. Back in a corner I spotted Lona and Gary in a booth. They invited me to join them and we all had several drinks and gossiped about the other folks in the office. It didn't take long before we were all a bit tipsy and to my surprise Lona asked us if we wanted to play a naughty word game. The object of the game was to start a sentence "Farmer Jones went to the market and bought_______." 

The object was to fill the blank with alphabetically in turns with something naughty. Better still you had to repeat the others that came before you perfectly. If you couldn't come up with a word or missed a previous version you had to do a shot. So off we went. We all had to do our share of shots as we giggled our way through the alphabet. The game changed however when we got to the letter T. It was Lona's turn and she looked at us, recited the other letters perfectly while squirming in her seat. She got to T and recited "Two tumescent dicks!" This stopped Gary and I both in our tracks as we wondered what the heck a tumescent was. Lona was happy to explain that it was another term for swelling and then demonstrated as she aped taking a hard dick in each hand, pumping them and feeding them into her mouth! Game over as she began to tell both Gary and I that having two dicks at the same time was one of her favorite fantasies, those mischievous eyes gleaming as she watched our reaction. Gary only lived a few blocks away and after minimal discussion Lona agreed that she would be happy to fulfill her fantasy with us that night.

On the way to Gary's apartment he drove and Lona sat in the passenger side front seat. I was in the backseat and before long had my hand down the top of Lona's dress while she rubbed Gary's cock and we talked about the dirty things we wanted to do when we got to Gary's apartment. Once there we stumbled up the steps and found our way to Gary's place.

Gary's apartment was a 1 bedroom with a living room, bathroom and kitchen. As we came into the living room Lona asked to go to the bathroom and Gary pointed the way. As we were waiting the phone rang. Gary answered and then looked very disappointed. He covered the handset and told me that it was his mother calling from New York!

I figured I'd take the time to visit the bathroom myself. As I got to the bathroom door I realized that it was ajar and I briefly worried that Lona was getting sick or had passed out. But as I opened the door she was just straitening her hair in the mirror and smiled as I came in. We had known each other long enough that I didn't hesitate to walk right in and take my leak with her there. I heard a rustle of clothing and glanced over to see Lona pulling her dress over her head. She never wore a bra and once again I gazed appreciatively at her firm B-cup sized breasts with their perky firm nipples. She tossed her dress over the shower curtain and matter of factly walked over, put the toilet seat down, and sat. She grinned at me and crooked her finger. I stood in front of her and fed her my already hardening cock. Lona happily licked and sucked me as I explained that it was Gary's Mother on the telephone. She giggled and then stood up and grabbed my hand and led me out into the living room. With Gary still talking worriedly on the telephone, Lona removed the rest of my clothes and I slipped her panties off. She then sank to her knees and started sucking my cock again.

Glancing over at Gary I saw him staring at Lona sucking my cock as he tried to sound normal on the telephone. I played with her hot tits as she sucked at me. After awhile I lay her back on the carpet and made my way down to her pussy. As I began to lick her pussy lips I finally heard Gary get his mother off of the telephone. A few moments later and he was bending down kissing Lona and playing with her tits. I watched a few moments and then stopped eating her pussy long enough to tell him "Feed her your cock, she's an amazing cocksucker!" 

Gary rose and hurriedly removed his clothing and then knelt by Lona's head and feed her his hard cock. Lona happily accepted it and slurped away. I continued to finger fuck her hot and wet cunt as I licked at her clit.  It only took a few minutes before I felt her hips rise up off the floor and she began to cum. Her mouth never left Gary's cock and her reaction got to him and he began to cum in Lona's mouth. Like the good cock sucking slut that she was Lona, sucked every drop of Gary's cum down her throat. 

Once Gary and Lona recovered Gary decided to be a good host and ran to the kitchen to open a bottle of white wine. Lona and I sat naked on the sofa and kissed and played with each other. When Gary returned with the chilled wine we stopped long enough to take a fewer sips before Gary motioned us up. Quickly he bent down and I realized that the sofa converted into a bed and helped him pull the bed out. There were already sheets on the mattress and once it was pulled out we all made ourselves comfortable. Lona of course was parked between Gary and me and before long she had a cock in each hand and was taking turns kissing us. We of course had our hands all over her body. Before too long Gary lay back and asked Lona to sit on his cock cowgirl style.  Without hesitation Lona straddled his hips, reached down and gripped his hard cock and guided him into her wet pussy. They both signed as she sank down and took his full length and then started to slowly fuck. I watched for a few minutes and then decided on a course of action.

I moved up and straddled Gary's head, facing Lona, sat my butt on the back of the sofa and then pulled Lona's face to my cock. She smiled sweetly and then leaned forward to take me in her hot mouth. She fucked up and down on Gary's cock and sucked and jerked my cock with her hand. Looking down as she sucked me I could occasionally see Gary looking up and watching Lona sucking on my cock. We happily bounced away like this for what seemed like hours until I felt the cum boiling in my balls. I pulled Lona's head all the way against me as I emptied my sperm into her sucking mouth. The whole time she kept bouncing up and down on Gary's cock.

I lay back down on the sofa and just played with Lona's tits as she fucked Gary to completion. We all collapsed on the sofa bed, sweaty and satisfied. After a few minutes Lona started to weep and when I asked her what the problem was she sobbed "I'm such a slut and feel so dirty!" 

Gary and I glanced at each other in near panic as Lona cried. We did our best to soothe her and told her what a great girl she was and how this didn't make her any more of a slut than it did us, etc. etc. etc. Slowly she seemed to calm down. After a few minutes we heard her whisper something. Leaning closer I ask her what she said. She opened her eyes and said "More, I want more."

It took me a few minutes to understand what she was getting at after her recent outburst but soon it dawned on me. "Well, if you want more then you'll have to see what you can do to get these soft cocks hard again." She glanced down and then sat up and turned around so she was sitting between Gary and I and facing us. With her right hand she began to pump my cock and her left was doing the same to Gary. She bent over and I watched as she licked the head of my cock swirling her tongue over the entire knob. Then she sat back up, still pumping me and leaned down to do the same to Gary. It didn't take long before she had here two tumescent dicks in hand.

Hurriedly I rearranged Lona's body so that she was on all fours sucking Gary's cock. I maneuvered myself around so I could fuck her from behind. As my cock touched her pussy it seemed like it was steaming hot and wet. Without hesitation I pushed myself all the way inside. Lona groaned as I begin to fuck her with serious intent. "Suck that hard cock while I fuck you!" I said, "Come on you sweet slut suck and fuck us!' 

Her cunt seemed to gush even more hot juice as I talked dirty to her. Gary watched mesmerized as Lona slurped and sucked at him. "Look in his eyes while you suck his cock!" I said, "Let him know how much you love being fucked and sucked!" 

I saw her head move slightly and knew she was doing what she had been told. I pumped my hard cock savagely into her hot pussy, giving her full length strokes as she sucked away on Gary's cock. I reached around so I could rub her clit as I fucked her and she began to cum almost immediately. I didn't slow down a stroke and just kept fucking her as she moaned around Gary's dick. Faster and faster I slammed into her ass, my cock reaching further and further into her hot gushing cunt. With satisfaction I felt her start cumming again. 

Gary's cock slipped out of her mouth as she gasped "Oh my God, fuck me, fuck me!." And then with a snarl she sucked Gary back into her mouth. It seemed like we just kept that pace up for the longest time and Lona just kept cumming over and over again. Finally Gary roared and began to cum in her mouth and I was ready, sinking myself as deeply into her as I could and then squirting massive waves of cum into her. 

With that we all once again collapsed onto the sofa bed. After a few minutes, Gary kissed Lona and excused himself to go to bed. Lona and I lay there cuddling as we drifted off to sleep.

The next morning was Satruday so we didn't have to rush around to get up early. I was awakened by Lona stroking my cock. Although I was a little sore it felt good. I heard Gary's bedroom door open and he quietly walked into the room wearing only pajama bottoms. His eyes darted to see the movement of Lona's hand under the sheet and a smile crept across his face. He moseyed into the kitchen and we could hear him preparing coffee. Lona was still stroking my cock as Gary brought us coffee on a tray. Lona sat up and the sheet fell away from her breast as she reached for the coffee cup. She seemed very cheery and smiled at us as we all sipped at our coffee. 

"Well guys," she said with a smile, "That sure was a crazy night. I hope you had as much fun as I did." We both assured her that it was indeed an awesome evening. "Well, how about a rematch before I head home?" she asked. 

She didn't have to ask twice before we were both kneeling on the sofa bed with our hard cocks pointed toward her mouth. She had each of us in a hand and looked up at us as she took turns sucking gently at our cocks. Gary and I played with her tits and stroked her pussy while she sucked us. I suddenly remembered that Lona had often offered to let me fuck her in the ass but not being much into anal sex, I had declined. Suddenly the idea seemed to have some merit. I looked her in the eyes as she sucked the knob of my cock and told her "This morning I'm going to fuck that hot little ass of yours while you ride Gary's cock!" she moaned and I felt a gush of juice squirt from her pussy.

"Gary," I continued, "Have you got any cream or anything we can use?" He smiled and jumped up and ran to his bedroom, hard cock leading the way. Lona just kept sucking me until Gary returned with some hand cream. 

After Gary handed me the cream I instructed him to lie down on the sofa bed with his ass at the edge of the mattress. Then I took Lona's hand and led her to straddle Gary's hips and once again she fed his hard cock into her juicy pussy. As she slid up and down on his cock I squeezed some of the cream into her ass crack and then began to smear it on to her ass hole, working a finger inside. She was tight but slowly loosened up as I worked my creamy finger in and out of her ass. I could feel Gary's cock through the membrane between her pussy and ass. I was about ready to exchange my finger with my cock when I realized that I had softened up a bit. I pulled my finger out of Lona's ass hole and stood up on the bed. I moved around so that I could feed my softened cock into her mouth. She continued to slowly ride Gary's cock as she sucked so nice on my cock. "Get me hard you sweet slut!" I growled, "So I can fuck that hot little ass of yours!" She moaned around my cock and I was just about ready. 

Moving off the sofa bed I moved up behind Lona. I could see the wet lips of her cunt go in and out as Gary's cock fucked her. His cock was slick with her juices. I pushed Lona further down on Gary's chest and then squeezed a bit of the cream onto my cock and spread it with my fist. Leaning closer I guided my cockhead against her brown ass hole. There was some initial resistance and then Lona relaxed and I felt myself slip right inside of her ass! 

Lona, glanced over her shoulder at me and said "Take it easy at first but I want you to fuck my ass." Then she moved down and started to kiss Gary passionately. I started stroking in and out of her asshole slowly. My balls banged against her ass and I could feel Gary's cock brush against them as he slowly fucked her pussy. It seemed like her pussy juice was every where over the three of us from the waist down. 

Slowly Gary and I worked a rhythm. At one point his cock slipped out of Lona's wet cunt and she seemed to pout a little until he guided himself back in. Once he was firmly buried we continued our rhythm. As will happen in these situations our strokes got faster and faster. Lona's hair was slick with sweat as she grunted at our stroking.. "Fuck me guys!." She groaned. "Fuck my ass and cunt!" 

This spurred us on and before long I was fucking her ass as hard as I had fucked her pussy the night before. Lona started to cum again and she just continued to moan, interspersed with hardly coherent "fuck me, fuck me, fuck me" mutterings. 

And fuck her we did. We fucked her as she seemed to cum over and over again. Finally I could hold back no longer and slammed myself deep in her ass and let my seed go. My toes curled against the rug as my orgasm came in deep squirting waves. Gary continued to fuck her pussy and the contact became too intense so I pulled myself out of her ass and collapsed on the bed. I lay there and watched as Gary continued to fuck Lona's pussy until he finally came too.

Afterward we all showered and dressed and then we seemed a little awkward. Finally Lona piped up "Hey guys, what are you doing next Friday night?" We all laughed as we confirmed that we would do this all over again the next weekend. This was just the first of many adventures with my favorite slut Lona.