 This is my first submission to Literotica and like my efforts in the future; it is based on a real experience as 'An Ordinary Guy'. As such, I'm into my second marriage and still enjoying a few flings from time to time with no plans to slow down life or to limit my activities. Some may find it strange or unacceptable but I guess if you enter 'Literotica' perhaps less so, but to me it's 'an ordinary life' and I guess the same as many others. This and my other submissions reflect my life. Any comments would be appreciated.

*

The doorbell rang, the taxi, and Elaine shot downstairs. 'How do I look?'

'Stunning', I said, looking her up and down, 'Great decision and great choice. Absolutely stunning.'

For the last year or so and after putting on some weight, Elaine had predominantly worn black. She had lost some weight and earlier in the afternoon we talked about what she should wear for her evening out with some of her work colleagues and I had suggested she go for a white or light top and a lightweight smart skirt. She had gone for a light blue blouse and matching skirt and looked great. 

She gave me a peck on the cheek with 'Thanks for baby-sitting, see you later,' as she left. 

'Have a great time' I yelled as she got into the taxi. 

There had been the last minute telephoned call asking if I could baby-sit. The opportunity had arisen for her to go out with friends and her husband Kevin was away for a snowboarding weekend. I guessed she was taking the opportunity to spend some time with Rich, one of her under-managers, with whom she had had a brief affair some months ago but Elaine now maintained it was all over, refusing to talk about him at all. 

I was stretched out on the sofa watching the end of a film and about to head for bed when the front door latch went. I got up to meet Elaine as she came back in from her evening out. She greeted me with a hug and a kiss and 'Great evening, kids ok?'

'No problem at all, cup of coffee or a glass of wine? I wasn't expecting you back this early' I replied and went towards the kitchen as she slipped off her coat. 'How did it go?'

'Wine please and I've had too much to drink already but it was an evening I needed!' I poured a couple of glasses of wine from the bottle I had opened earlier and met Elaine coming back from hanging up her coat, handed her the wine as we went into the lounge and sat down, her on one sofa, me on the other.

'It looks to me as if you had a good time!' I smiled to her. Her hair was slightly dishevelled but it was clear that she had lost her bra during the course of the evening. Her blouse had a couple of buttons undone and the shape of her pendulous breasts was clear, her large areolas just visible through the material with her nipples pushing against the fabric. 'And you look even sexier without a bra!'

She was laid back in the corner of the sofa with her legs stretched out in front of her and as I spoke to her, she raised her left hand and passed it gently over her breast. 'I guess you guessed I was meeting Rich - it's the first time for ages.'

'Yea, I guessed - but you said it was over with him.'

'It was really, since the time here, but I just needed to get laid!' 

The time 'here' was when Elaine had gone out with a group of her managers and at the end of the evening, she had brought Rich back to the house to have a drink with her husband, Kevin. She and Rich had already had a lot to drink and after one glass, Kevin had gone back to bed, leaving the pair of them to continue drinking. Some time later Kevin had gone back downstairs to find Elaine with her skirt around her waist, knickers on the floor and a semi-naked Rich pumping her for all he was worth, cumming into her as Kevin entered the lounge. All hell was let loose, Rich left and the following morning Kevin took Elaine to get the 'morning-after' pill. Elaine and Gary weathered that but Elaine was always resonant about Rich, saying absolutely nothing was going on.

'Was it worth it?' I inquired.

'The evening was great. I felt so good dressed up and for the first time for ages, I felt attractive with guys giving me more than a second glance. It's boosted my confidence. The meal was great and Julia and Steve had no problem with Rich. After the meal he and I went back to his place and that was that. But it wasn't a good fuck.'

'Another glass of wine while you tell me the rest, 'I said as I emptied the bottle into her glass. I sat back down opposite her and she ran her hand over her breast again, pausing to rub her nipple through the thin blouse.

Her left hand remained resting on her breast, her thumb caressing the top of it while she sipped her wine with the other. Then her left hand moved to almost unconsciously undo the next button of her blouse, exposing the swell at the top of her breasts.

'You know, I really can't remember him undressing me that last time and having sex with him -- the first I remember is Kev walking in with Rich pulling his dick out of me', she said. 'I think I enjoyed it but I was really drunk that time and what on earth possessed us to fuck on the floor with Kev upstairs. I've often wondered if he was turned on by someone else fucking me, but he was angry as hell at the time! 

'So how did tonight go?' I asked.

'Well,' Elaine paused and more obviously rubbed her breast to which her nipples responded by clearly growing hard under her blouse. 'We hadn't had much to drink and I think he was nervous. It was too much of a rush. I don't think I'll tell Kev about this.'

'No problem with that,' I said, ' You know you are looking so much better these days and tonight you do look stunning, and very, very sexy.'

Elaine had moved, sitting back in the sofa with cushions supporting her back. Her legs were stretched out on the sofa and she was rubbing her right breast now and she put her empty wine glass down on the floor with her left hand. 

'Thanks for that. And at the moment I feel it!' she smiled. 'Do you think you could get me a glass of water?'

'No prob' and I ambled into the kitchen, returning with a couple of glasses a moment later.

When I returned she was still sitting there, but with another blouse button undone tantalizing showing the swell of her breast and her left hand slipped inside her blouse, gently caressing herself. By now the conversation and her actions were having an affect on me and it was clear that she could see my erection pressing against the front of my jeans.

'Are you teasing me?' I asked as I handed her the glass and sat on the edge of the sofa.

'I'm not sure. But I do like you watching me! Want to watch more?

'Oh yes' and I moved off the sofa onto the small stool a couple of paces away, 'I've always thought you as incredibly sexy, you just have that look and mannerism, and your boobs are gorgeous. But tell me, how did Kevin react afterwards to Rich?'

By now Elaine had her head back, looking up at the ceiling and clearly her actions were arousing her as well. She undid the remaining buttons on her blouse with one hand while the other kneading and tweaked her right breast.

'It's strange,' she said, her breath becoming heavier, 'Sometimes he seems to get off by making me talk about Rich and then other times he doesn't want to talk about sex at all! What do you think?'

With her blouse completely undone, Elaine's breasts were now completely exposed, rising and lowering with her deep breaths as she caressed one. Her nipples, still puffed from the evening's early activities, were rock hard and standing out with the areolas darkening. 

'Your nipples look as if they need sucking and I think you need a good fuck,' and I leant forward and put my lips over her nipple, sucking hard and grasping her breast with both hands. She grasped.

'I do, I do, but talk dirty and tell me what you think about Kev,' she said. She arched her back and put her hands behind her hand pushing her breasts and nipples forward.

I continued squeezing both breasts and pulling on her nipples, extracting grasps from Elaine. In between I said that I guessed she was the dominant one in their sex life and that sometimes guys got a real kick out of someone else fucking their wife. Some even liked to watch, others just to hear what they had been up to. I reckoned that Kevin must have had a fair idea that she and Rich were likely to do something that night. By going upstairs, supposedly to bed, and then coming down, did he want to catch her? After all he wasn't drunk, so if he wanted to prevent anything all he had to do was to stay downstairs. I asked whether he wanted to fuck her after Rich had left.

Elaine was getting into heavy breathing with grasps as I continued working on her large breasts, sucking each nipple in turn and then rubbing both her nipples against each other.

'Keep your hands behind your head, makes your tits a great shape.' I instructed. 'Well?'

'Kevin almost threw Rich out the front door and I staggered upstairs. I must have looked a sight. All I had on was my bra hanging undone and my top hanging off my shoulders. I just collapsed front down on the bed and the next I knew he was yelling at me and whacking my arse with his hands. I'm amazing the kids didn't wake up. It certainly sobered me up and it actually turned me on. He then flipped me over and he had a massive erection. He almost split my legs wide open and as he fucked me, he yelled and slapped my tits all over the place. He was wild and at the time it really hurt and I was sobbing but at the same time it was so erotic. But he didn't mention Rich or want sex for weeks after.'

'Sounds to me as if it turned him on then. Now, relax.' With one hand I held her hands above her head and pressed my lips onto hers. She responded and we kissing passionately, our tongues seeking the others. I pressed harder and pushed down on her hands. Elaine groaned and I moved my mouth down to her breasts. 

'Your tits taste so good, salty and sexy,' I whispered as I took her nipples and sucked large amount of breast into my mouth.

'Bite me, bite me,' she said as she wriggled so I took a nipple between my teeth and squeezed. 'Fuck, that's good -- harder.' So I did and she instantly had an orgasm, flinging her arms around my neck and arching her back. 'Fuck, fuck, I needed that.'

'There's more to come,' I warned her and gently caressing her breasts moved my tongue down her chest, hovering over her belly button before moving slightly away so that I could swing her legs off the sofa. Elaine sighed and watched as I knelt between her legs and gradually eased her skirt up her legs, exposing her matching blue panties. A darker and clearly damp patch on panties showed she was well aroused, although I guessed that the dampness was in part due to her time with Rich earlier in the evening. She was I paused and looked at her breasts hanging down her chest, swollen nipples and a few scratch marks. 'You have beautiful tits and those nipples, well.'

'I want to see you' Elaine purred.

'Be explicit, what do you want to see?' I replied.

'Your cock.'

'Call it a prick'

'Your prick, I want to suck it'.

I stood up. She was lying back on the sofa, nipples standing to attention and her legs wide apart showing the wet patch at the front of her panties. 

'Play with your tits while I take my clothes off. And keep your legs open.'

With one hand Elaine ran her finger nails over her breasts and the other strayed down between her legs, rubbing herself through her panties.

'Christ,' she panted, 'I'm getting so wet.'

'Tell me where.'

'Between my legs,'

'No, tell me exactly.'

'My pussy'

'What else do you call it? I want you to be really dirty.'

'My cunt. You bastard, you're turning me on so.'

'Good. Now squeeze your nipples with your finger nails -- nice and hard.'

'Oh, oh fuck.' Elaine moaned, 'I want your prick.'

'That's not good enough, where do you want it?' I told her.

'I want your prick in my mouth and in my pussy, no cunt. Please.'

By now I was standing in front of her in just my super NEXT briefs with a gigantic erection barely hidden. She lay there, looking ravenous.

'First, I'm going to cover your eyes.'

'That's not fair,' she retorted. 

''Tough' and I leant forward, gently resting a cushion over her face. 'I'm now taking off my briefs and my prick is solid, pointing towards you. I want you to imagine as I stroke it even harder.' I grasped my prick and gently started to ease my hand up and down, exposing the brightly coloured head.

'Bastard'

'And now I'm gently wanking myself and I'm pulling my foreskin back, and the purple head of my prick is pointing right at you.' 

At that Elaine threw the cushion off and reached forward to hold me. 'Fuck, that's a good size.'

'Wait just a while; you're got more to come yet.' I knelt between her legs again and put my hands inside her thighs, just below her panties, and spread her legs further apart. I leant forward and rested my tongue on her panties, pushing gently.

'But I've, I've......' she stuttered. 

'Yes.'

'Rich fucked me and I haven't cleaned myself,' she croaked.

'No problem. You smell of sex and it smells good to me.' And I lowered my mouth onto her pussy. I could smell the aroma of her juices mixed with Rich's cum -- I sucked her through her panties. They were so wet, in fact they were soaking. I moved my hands to the outside of her thighs, grasped her panties and pulled them down and over her legs. Elaine groaned. Her slightly trimmed black pubic hair was matted with cum, sweat and pussy juice. She smelt delightful. I gently raised and parted her legs, a trickle of white cum came slowly from her pussy. I leaned forward again, searched out her clit with my tongue. As I found it she quivered and pulled her legs back, exposing her red pussy. I ran my tongue over it and she quivered. I looked up at her face, eyes partly shut and her mouth hanging open, small grasps coming from her and then she came almost instantly. As she did her pussy creamed with her juices and cum from her fun earlier. I covered her pussy with my mouth, licked and sucked as she wriggled and squirmed. 

I came up for breath and she had a wicked smile on her face. I moved forward and placed my lips on hers, kissing her deeply, giving her a taste of her and Rich's cum. Our lips parted. She still had that smile on her face.

'Nobody has ever done that to me before. That was something else. It's just amazing.'

'Tell me in detail'

'You have just sucked my cunt, full of my juice and Rich's cum, and put it in my mouth. And I loved it and as I tell you, I feel my cunt getting wetter. I want your prick. I want your cum.'

'But wait,' and I ran my tongue down her chest to her pussy. 'You certainly have a wet cunt,' I told her. I fixed my mouth over her and ran my tongue over her, pushing into her pussy then at the same time rubbing her clit with my finger. It hardened, her juices flowed and as I pushed my tongue as far as I could into her, she came, squeezing my head between her legs, squealing and then going limp.

'Fuck, fuck, fuck,' she moaned. 

'In a minute.' I gently rubbed her pussy and licked her juices before searching out her mouth, pausing on the way to take each nipple between my teeth.

We slid onto the floor. We hugged and kissed before she rolled me over onto my back, spread my legs and knelt between them. 

'Now it's your turn,' she said and grasped my prick with one hand and my balls with the other. With the one hand she slowly pumped up and down, from pulling my foreskin right down to the upward stroke pulling against my balls. The other hand pulled my balls up and down as well, gently squeezing all the time. It was driving me mad.

As Elaine was crouched over me, her pendulous breasts hung down, swinging gently. And her nipples just inch's away from my prick. 

'Your tits are magnificent and just so, so sexy.'

'In that case I'm gonna tease you a bit!' she exclaimed and before I knew what had happened, she had swung round and her shinning wet pussy was above my face and she was easing my legs apart. 'All guys like head, but you can wait. Get some of this first'. 

She still grasped my balls in one hand, pulling them hard down with the effect of pulling my foreskin right down. Then she leant forward and I could feel her brushing the top on my prick with her nipples, then harder as she tried to push her nipple into the hole at the top of my prick. That sensitive part was burning, the pleasure so immense 

'You're, you're......' I groaned, 'Sending me wild. I shall cum if you continue that.'

'Don't you dare,' she said, and lowered her dripping pussy onto my mouth, sitting upright. 'Concentrate on that for a while and let me play with my tits.' I sucked and sucked, taking all her juices as she juggled up and down. Then she leant forward again and I felt her nipples brushing my prick and the sensations increasing. I was close to shooting -- and she stopped.

'Christ. I need you inside me' Elaine exclaimed. She stood up and towered over me, forcing my legs apart with her own legs. 'I'm gonna fuck you like a guy usually fucks me, but instead of my legs apart, it will be yours, as far as possible. I want that prick inside me as far as it will go and I'm gonna grind away on you until you fill me. Just watch my tits, don't touch, I want you to watch them move all over the place.'

She grabbed my legs and pushed them apart and started to lower herself onto my prick. She stopped.

'I just want to feel your knob go into my cunt. I love it when I get just that bright purple head.' She took the head and stopped, groaning in ecstasy. She swayed, her breasts hanging towards me. 'Fucking great.'

The feeling was amazing, just the top inch or so of my prick in her pussy.. She was pushing my legs wide apart, it felt so vulnerable and the sensation at the top of my prick was something else. 

'Now the rest' and she lowered herself completely onto my prick and squeezed. She was soaking wet, dripping in fact, but I could still feel her cunt muscles on my prick. Slowly up and down, then squeeze.

'Where the fuck did you learn that?' I moaned. 

She was gone. She was up and down, rocking backward and forward. She leant forward and pulled my arms behind my head as hard as she could, her nipples brushed my face but I couldn't get my mouth to them. Then she leant back, her arms pushing my legs down and apart as she slid up and down. It wasn't going to be long before I came. The pace increased, and suddenly Elaine was out of control. Somehow she rocked faster and faster and I tried to push myself further and further into her, arching my back to get that little bit extra. Then Elaine exploded, shaking all over followed a second later by me shooting my cum into here. It seemed to go on forever and I also shook and shook as every last bit was emptied into her already wet pussy.

'Fuck, fuck, fuck,' she moaned. I just groaned. 'Finish me off, finish me off.'

She sat up, raised herself off my prick and slowly got up, standing over me. I could see my white cum oozing from her pussy down the inside of her thighs.

'Bloody fantastic' I moaned, watching her swaying tits. With a glazed look on her face, she rubbed a hand over her breasts and unbelievably, her nipples responded, hardening instantly. She bent her legs slightly and a hand went to her pussy. Her fingers were dripping and she raised them to her mouth, sucking them clean.

'Now for me' I said, 'come down here.'

'Share and share alike' she muttered, turned around and lowered her pussy onto my face, leant forward and took my equally dripping prick into her mouth. I took the juices from her pussy as she sucked our juices from my prick.

'Well that was a fucking great finish to an already good evening but I don't think I had better tell Kevin about this one!' whispered Elaine, as we lay there fucked.