 This part contains far less reluctance and a little bit more kink. The sisters in the story, although in the same scene, do not actually have any sexual interaction other than watching eachother or trading partners. No sex occurs between the two sisters.

*****

"Yeah, Mom... I'm okay, really... Yes, My friends will take care of me. No, Nikki is with me right now. JoJo, too... The Nurse... Also a friend... Yes, an RN... Okay Mom... The truck just pulled around... A wheelchair... Because those are the rules, Mom... Okay I gotta go. I'll call, I promise... Love you, too... Bye." 

JoJo wheeled me out to the front of the hospital. My Bronco pulled up with Sawyer riding shotgun, Rory in the back and Jenn driving. Why was Jenn driving my truck? Why isn't she getting ready for work? What time is it? Nikki and JoJo eased me out of the wheel chair and up into the back seat. As tall as I am, my truck was super comfy in the back. Especially with little Jenn sliding the seat all the way up. Jenn is driving my truck. Rory assisted on the inside and Nikki climbed in after me. It was all so cozy in the back with them. Sawyer was half way into the back with us as the conversation rolled. Jenn had the mirror angled on me and peered back as often as she could. Just drive, Jenn, please. You'll get your turn.

"Well, here we are. Safe and sound." Jenn said while expertly doing a three point turn in my drive so the Truck would face out towards the road. Just the way I like it. Jenn just K- turned with my manual transmission '79 Bronco. With no stall outs!

"Let's get you inside, Vigilante." Sawyer said.

"It says here you can't drink while on these pills for the pain." Rory said.

"I prolly shouldn't go in the hot tub until the stitches are out." I replied.

"Can you still smoke?" Jenn asked.

"I think I can handle a few puffs. Why don't we take it to the back porch. You guys can hit the hot tub while I mull some stuff over. I've missed a few hours and need to catch up on a few things." I said.

"I hired Jenn and Nikki today. Sawyer highly recommended them and said you'd approve." Rory said.

"Sounds good. Did we all quit? Are you ladies going to give notice, too?" I asked. 

"Haha, Corporate has a strict policy on two weeks notices. We were all terminated. Effective immediately. Seems like they are concerned about espionage and conflicts of interest. None of us are allowed to even work in the same field for a whole year. I guess we'll have to do something completely different." Sawyer said with a smirk.

"I'll go and collect our personal belongings from our lockers tomorrow. They need time to segregate out any business related paperwork before releasing our stuff. Are you guys hungry?" Jenn said.

"I can eat. Bernie, please pull up the local delivery menus online for us." I said.

"Acknowledged, Alex. Shall I display it on the deck for you all?" Bernie said.

"Yeah. His house is alive." Sawyer said to Nikki and Jenn. 

"Cool!" Jenn said.

"Of course it does. Hello House!" Nikki said to the air looking up and turning her head in both directions.

"Hello 'Guests'. Please call me 'Bernie'" Bernie replied.

"Yes, Bernie, please display the menus on the deck HUD. I suppose introductions and permissions are in order..." I said.

It took all of ten minutes to code the girls into Bernie's permission perimeters and order early dinner. I essentially gave them full control to surf the net for research and correspondence purposes. The job descriptions were weeded out later, but I'll explain them now. Nikki is my executive assistant and Sawyer is Rory's. Jenn is essentially the "Office Manager", but she's the "Jill of all Trades". She's in charge of all the everyday goings on as well as monitoring social media and app game (all games, really) buzz. She practically lives on social media, so this is going to be her easiest, but most time consuming task. She also has the honor of assisting any 'guests' we may have while they come for a visit. She's already met my mom from our previous work related outings when she was down to visit. Jimmy has already met her, as well, but his assistant often travels with him for business. They're really the only two or three guests we'll have for a while. Plus they're really low maintenance.

We ate Chinese on the rear porch and shared some bud that Jenn scored for us. Rory actually chided about the surprisingly high quality of both. 

"Cali Girl is impressed with our weed, Alex." Sawyer said jokingly.

"Yeah, we're spoiled here on the Gulf." Jenn replied.

"I actually miss the wontons from my old neighborhood." I said, suddenly getting a pang of home sickness.

"Well, it's not like Jim is going to bring some down for you." Jenn said.

"He'll bring bagels! Mmmm... Bagels" I said. My Chinese filling was already fading and the munchies were kicking in.

"Don't start with the bagels, Mister!" Nikki said in phony anger.

"I thought you'd complain about the pizza over bagels!" Rory interjected.

"Two foods we don't talk about in front of Alex is bagels and pizza... Especially when he's high." Sawyer added.

We had a few more silly conversations and just enjoyed the company. The ladies were really hitting it off together. Rory looked enthused and relieved at the same time. We even shared some of the bud that Rory managed to clear through airport security.

"It's a Sativa blend for focus and energy. We call it 'Pineapple Ritalin'." Rory added while packing the bong again.

The ladies and I all took turns taking rips until the bowl was half cashed. The sun was already going down when they finally decided on climbing into the hot tub. Clothing was optional, as it always is, but they decided to wear suits. Sawyer and Jenn in bikinis and Rory and Nikki in tankinis and boy shorts. I kicked off my flip flops and just sat on the edge with my feet in the water. Just a white tank under shirt and my board shorts on. I was sipping on an icy Arnold Palmer while the ladies drank beer or wine. 

The HUD started beeping, getting our attention.

"I need to turn down and re-angle the lights. It's sea turtle mating season." Bernie said.

"Alright Bernie, thanks." I said. 

The lights were buzzing as they repositioned and dimmed. The Kitchen lights also shut off and the hall lights came on. Standard perimeters obtained from the World Wildlife Federation. 

"That's so cool!" Nikki said. The girls all agreed.

"Are we going to see the turtles, Bernie?" Rory asked.

"It's still fairly early in the season, but it's an assured possibility." Bernie replied. 

"Sounds like a 'maybe'." Sawyer said air quoting with a hopeful twang in her voice.

At around nine, the door bell rang. The HUD transferred to the CCTV and we could see that it was JoJo and Dottie at the door. Dottie was holding a glass baking pan with tinfoil covering it. JoJo was holding an orange "jump" bag over one shoulder as well as two shopping bags. 

"We're on the back deck! Bernie, if you please?" I half shouted so the COM would pick up my voice. Bernie had unlocked the door to let them in.

"We're here for your after care and thought a super bachelor like you might need some food." JoJo said.

"Our mother's famous Baked Ziti to keep you strong and some orange juice to keep you healthy." Dottie added.

We talked some while the three of us served the mermaids in the tub and refreshed drinks. After we ate, Dottie and JoJo started on my wounds. JoJo was checking up on the stitches on my back while Dottie managed my head. She administered a Glasgow Coma Score test and everything. The sutures on my back bled a little, but it's to be expected in the first 24hrs.

I invited them to stay and they obliged because they were both off the following day. They each were sipping beer when they were being coaxed into the hot tub.

"We didn't bring our suits." Dottie said pouting.

"You don't need them! This tub is clothing optional!" Jenn said.

"It's also mandatory to be naked if one person chooses to be naked, Jenn." I added.

JoJo and Dottie half reluctantly started to disrobe. JoJo also gave me the universal symbol to turn around, pointing her finger down and twirling it. The tub was awash with the other ladies peeling off their suits. I didn't know Rory had a suit. Maybe she bought it during her break from the ER? I took the chance to grab additional towels from the changing room just inside the sliding glass door.

Dottie was already in the tub between Jenn and Sawyer when I came back out. JoJo was still standing in the thigh high water when she saw me and crouched into the open seat next to Nikki. Nikki half caught half groped her in the process.

"What have you done to these poor girls, Alex?" JoJo said welcoming Nikki's embrace.

"I couldn't tell you if I knew it myself, Jo." I replied.

"Oh! Rory! Let me look at your hand!" Dottie said suddenly in nurse mode again.

"It's fine. It was mostly for show so I didn't get arrested along with those psychos." Rory said.

"Not too bad. You know how to throw a punch! The nurse at the infirmary in the jail said Becca's gonna be ugly for a while, too." Dottie said.

"You shoulda' seen the kick! Becca was in the air flying backwards and landed in a group of servers from next door. They held her back while Alex cleaned up on the ground floor!" Sawyer said.

"Yeah, the doctor said that Billy might have a broken jaw. He didn't get X-rayed until just a little while ago. You really knocked his lights out. I bet his concussion is worse than yours, too." JoJo said not breaking eye contact with Nikki.

"The tumble did the worst of it, I'm sure. He was stunned, but was getting up, so I threw all my pain and anger into one punch. It connected. End of story." I replied.

"You were growling right before you hit him and howled over his unconscious body. You scanned him for any signs of movement and then scanned the crowd for any of his buddies. The whole bar was stunned until Sawyer cheered." Rory added.

"I... I howled? I don't remember that. I remember stealing the Fireball shot off one of the other tables and downing it. I thought it was plain Whiskey." I said.

"Tynie (short for Tiny Taylor) Gave you a beer from Rick and restrained Becca until the police showed up. You were almost finished when you handed it to me." Sawyer said.

"The cops showed up. I figured I needed to at least look sober." I added.

"Who controlled the bleeding on your back until the Medics arrived?" JoJo asked, still gazing at Nikki. Nikki was looking very pink and breathing deeply through her nose. She was studying JoJo's face with interest and a little reluctance. JoJo seemed amused by Nikki's indecision. 

What the Hell is going on?! These seemingly normal-ish ladies are all going full on nympho around me. As lonely as I was before this past week started, I still had a fairly remarkable sex life. Now, I've had more sexual interaction in the last few days to fill the last month of my last relationship. Eww... That was Becca... Moving on...

"Nikki kiss her! You know you want to!" Sawyer said and the other girls cheered. Dottie rolled her eyes, though.

"Do you want me to kiss you?"

"I wouldn't mind it. Do you want to kiss me?"

"I think I do, but I'm scared."

"You didn't seem scared in the ER when you put your tongue in my mouth, were you?"

'That... was different. It was really hot, but I was looking for a connection. I was so scared for Alex. It was an accident. I think."

JoJo took Nikki's chin in her hand and moved her face closer as she spoke.

"I'm right here now. Connect if you want to." 

My feet were dipped into the water by this point. I was wedged between Rory and Sawyer. Sawyer and Jenn were working on Dottie now. Distracting her from JoJo's playful assault on Nikki's resolve. Rory was already stroking my legs and my hand was playing with her hair. I suddenly felt like an orgy lifeguard sitting above a sea of sexy ladies. Dottie was taken aback by Jenn and Sawyer's ministrations, but looked over at me and smirked that porno nurse smirk I'm growing to love. I couldn't see anything under the water, but I'm pretty certain I could guess what was going on just below the surface. I did mange to catch Jenn's hand slide up Dottie's chest and caress her neck in a dominant fashion. Rory slid down so just her neck was above the water line. 

She looked as though she was stroking herself while watching all the action Dottie was getting. Rory loves to watch, apparently. While no one was looking, Nikki finally gave in and started making out with JoJo. They were kissing and touching and moaning. I was the first to notice, but said nothing and just enjoyed the show. The weed and my nagging headache were severely challenging my semi hard cock. It was going to be a long night if they thought I was going to be 100% after these last few days. Sawyer must have trailed what I was looking at because she started Wooing. The tension was already broken, but now so was the intensity. We called a break so I could refresh the drinks again. 

The night carried on with more lesbian embraces and giggle fits, but nothing escalated. It was a good, sexy, and fun simmer. I was getting half mast and soft again all night long. I was oddly thankful for the accidental edging they were doing to me. We even broke to fire up the bong again and refill glasses. JoJo and Dottie turned down the pot, but enjoyed drinking with us. It was a nice change of pace for a while, until the doorbell rang again. 

"Two police officers are at the door, Alex" Bernie said.

"What time is it?" I replied climbing slowly off of the the tub rim. I managed to stash the bong and bud behind the wet bar on the deck before heading to the door.

"A quarter past 1am." Bernie said. 

"That's Mitch, one of the cops from the bar! He was flirting with Rory while taking her statement!" Sawyer said.

"He's into Tae Kwon Do like me and we shared some banter. That's all. He did tell me his partner, Tripper, has been into you for some time now, Sawyer. I bet you could score him tonight if you wanted to."

"I bet I could! Mitch is totally into you, too, though! He even jokingly said he was afraid to cuff you..." Sawyer's and Rory's conversation trailed off as I made my way inside. I could see the two officers at the front door through the frosted glass window. 

"Hey, Guys. Whats up?" I knew all five of the LEOs in town. I'm kidding there's more than five. At least seven, eight if you count dispatch. We are all on good terms and on a first name basis. We have to work together in the hospitality business, especially during the Summer and Spring Break.

"Alex. We need to follow up on the events at the bar. May we come in?" Mitch said.

"Sorry we had to come out here so late. We were trying to track down some of the witnesses in your party and couldn't locate them." Tripper added.

"Sawyer and Rory? Yeah, they're out back. I'll lead you to them." I walked them to the deck and offered them both a non-alcoholic beverage. Both enjoyed a glass of sweet tea Sawyer had made earlier. They weren't ready for what was going on out on the deck, though. I completely forgot about the shortage of swim wear on my female companions. Oops. 

"Well, what do we have here?" Tripper said with a smile stretching across his face.

"Oh-Nine to dispatch... We found all three witnesses. We'll take their recollections and call it a night." Mitch said into his radio.

"Ten- Four K. Have a good one. Your reports are due this afternoon." the dispatch responded.

"They need to take our second statements about last night." I said, handing Rory and Sawyer towels. 

Sawyer stepped right out of the tub and took the towel and slowly wrapped it around her as she sashayed towards Tripper. Rory was a little more modest and wrapped the towel while standing up away from Mitch's prying eyes. She stepped out and walked over to him. Mitch immediately took her hand to examine it much like Dottie did. I couldn't hear much of what they were saying, but I seemed all boring and benign compared to the night's earlier conversation. Nikki and JoJo were still canoodling and Jenn was still going at it with Dottie while the interviews were being held. Both officers were interviewing me at the same time off to the side of the deck. They both still had Rory and Sawyer at their sides as we talked. Sawyer was playing with Tripper's shirt buttons and Rory had a strong hand pressed against her back as she stroked Mitch's taught stomach. Muffled moans could be heard from the tub and caused an occasional distraction from the interviewing. The chat was rather short because I didn't offer any useless details and was unconscious for the last bit. The officers were reluctant to leave once we were officially done. I offered for them to stay, much to the happiness of the ladies. They accepted and even switched to drinking beer. I think they both had one, maybe two the whole night.

Mitch and Rory were sharing a lounge, sitting sideways toward the tub. Mitch had his uniform shirt off and Rory added another towel to wrap around her shoulders. Tripper was more eager to join the fun and disrobed down to his boxer briefs. (Good Lord, what a bulge! Ahem... What? Where were we?) Sawyer had already discarded her towel and took her seat in the tub. Tripper followed suit, but was quickly educated about the Rules of the Hot Tub. He dismissed his shorts and sank in. The gasps from the ladies told me they were very impressed with his size. I was suddenly left alone; standing over my own hot tub with little room to soak my feet again. 

"Alex, could you hand us some towels? We're getting all pruny." JoJo said cocking her head at Nikki.

I handed them both towels and they both did their best to cover up before getting out of the water. I had also moved another lounge over to Rory and Mitch and shared it with Nikki and JoJo. 

Sawyer wasted no time starting a fire with Tripper. Jenn was actively caressing Dottie while we all looked on at the action. Rory was rubbing Mitch's chest through his tight tee shirt while they chatted quietly. His hand was stroking her back and rubbing her partially shaved head. Nikki and JoJo were doing similar things to me, only I wasn't wearing a shirt and they were slowly losing interest in their towels as my own hands roamed freely on them. Sawyers hand moved up and down just below the surface. It was obvious that she was stroking Tripper's endowment. We could see his hands all over Sawyer's heaving breasts and even peeked a nipple as it breached the water line. Jenn and Dottie were looking on and massaging each other while exchanging the occasional open mouthed kiss. 

When I looked over at Mitch and Rory, Mitch lay down with Rory right in front of him. His left hand was met by her left at the crease of her sex. Her right switched with her left. She was excitedly encouraging him to massage her mound while she tugged at his hair. I could tell that he had wrapped his right hand around her and was fondling her right nipple. This was all under the cover of her towel. He modesty was intact, albeit awash with the rest of ours. 

JoJo slid off of the lounge and used her towel as knee padding. She was eagerly working at the draw string of my shorts. Nikki had moved around the back and dropped the rear of the chair to lay flat and joined her between my legs. They both took turns stroking and kissing my cock and still kissed one another; sometimes with my cock between their lips. The only thing I could do was sit back and enjoy the show(s). Tripper had stood up and spun Sawyer around so she was kneeling on the tub bench. I could easily tell he lined up his cock to her tight opening from behind. Sawyer let out a very happy moan as he slid right in. 

Jenn had switched spots with Dottie and eased Dottie's hand over to Tripper's ass. Jenn's free hand dipped into Dottie's pussy as Dottie took Tripper's balls in her hands. She continued to fondle him as he trusted and even moved a little closer so she could reach Sawyer's right breast and nipple. Rory's Towel had slipped some and I could clearly see Mitch's hand kneading her right breast and nipple. Mitch's shirt was also pulled up some so I could see just a bit of his flank and abs. Rory's left hand moved to her left hip and appeared to be holding her left ass cheek in the air. Mitch's hand was still in her crotch from the front, but he was steadily rocking back and forth a bit. 
