 The next day I made a call to the Jones residence. I spoke to Jane and briefly introduced myself as an attorney and would be grateful if she could spare a few minutes to meet me at my law chambers. I gave her the address and set up an appointment for the afternoon. I cleared my desk and showered and shaved and waited. I asked Rahul my Indian assistant to stay back in case we needed to record any minutes of the meeting. He was to wait in his room till I called him. I was secretly hoping that I would catch a glimpse of her hairy underarms.

Jane reached at the appointed hour and she was with her attorney Paul Sedgwick from Sherman, Sedgwick and Peters a well-known downtown firm. We exchanged a few pleasantries. All my hopes of seducing Jane evaporated and I rued at the lost opportunity. I got down to business and told her that her husband wanted to divorce her on grounds of adultery and that we were prepare to offer her a settlement of 50000 dollars. Paul got up and said “Let’s go the meeting is over We will see you in Court”. I told him wait a minute and I switched on the tape and on the television the pictures of yesterday came alive. Jane, the slut was sucking the massive dongs and the edited tapes reached the portion where she was being double fucked. It did not look so pretty as she had Bob and Sam fucking her pussy and asshole. I switched of the tape from the remote and said “Paul we need to talk”. 

From what I could see the over confident bastard Paul Sedgwick from Sherman, Sedgwick and Peters was going nowhere. He had slumped in his chair. I looked at Jane but she was a hardened veteran she had not lost her entire bluster. She walked over to me and said “C’mon you cant be such a son of a bitch to make me give up what is rightfully mine. Tom could never satisfy me he had such a small dick and I am a nympho” She brushed her hand against my straining trousers. I was in a daze and she was casting a spell on me. In moments she removed her top and I was a few inches from her extremely bushy armpits. She did not know the effect her hirsute armpits were having on me. The luxuriant hair in her armpit jungles stretched out towards me as she cupped her massive breasts and offered them to me. Her hands were already between my legs feeling my throbbing member as I looked at the huge nipples before me. I could not hold myself back. I put my tongue into her jet-black bushy armpits. “ Darling I am surprised you like my armpit hair” she said “Paul he is turned on by underarms come kiss the masses of hair in my underarms” Taking my head she thrust her hot hairy armpits into my face. I struggled as the aroma of her healthy hairy underarms wafted into my nostrils. “Aaaaaaahhhhhhh” I groaned, “I love your bushy armpits. I want to kiss your furry armpits” “Paul you come here too and show us your magnificent prick” Jane said. I was surprised she was a real man-eater even the staid Paul Sedgwick was her lover.

She ran her hands down my legs and then to my feet. She pulled off my shoes and my socks then made her way back up to my trousers. As she pulled off my trousers she gently kissed my legs and thigh. When my jeans got to my ankles she got off me and pulled the jeans straight off. She asked me turn over then sat on top of my throbbing cock, which was still trapped in my boxers. She came up and kissed me again passionately, exploring every inch of my mouth. 

She then slowly kissed her way down my hairy chest, making sure she licked my nipples and bit my chest. “I love men with hairy chest,” she said. My hands were roaming her armpit jungle. It was matted with sweat and I was having a real ball. When she got to my cock, she took off my boxers and then placed a gentle kiss on my cock. And then without warning she took my entire cock into her mouth and started to suck as hard as she could. I knew I wasn’t going to last long, and she knew it to. As I was about to come she took my cock out of her mouth and wrapped her tits around my cock. She started to run my cock in her tits and into her hairy underarms. Though I used to fuck my wife’s hairy armpits I was not used to it for so many years as my cockhead touched the vast hair in her unshaven pits. I told Jane I was about to cum, and she once again swallowed my cock into her hot mouth, just as I exploded. She swallowed every last drop that came out, and then she licked my balls and my cock clean. She then lay on top of me as we kissed. I could taste cum in her mouth, but I was so turned on, I carried on kissing and tonguing her mouth and her wet sweaty underarms. With that she rested her head on my neck and whispered gently to me 

“Did you like that would you help me get a better settlement?” “I will try but that’s upto Paul” I replied. She said let me suck your shaft again till its hard. She first took my limp cock and shoved it in her sweaty matted underarm hair. It quickly disappeared as she wrapped her armpit thatch over my semi hard cock. She then whipped it out and started to suck my cock again. She took my soft cock in her mouth and gently suckled it. Almost to her demands, my cock started to rise again. As it stood to attention, Jane put her leg over me and slowly guided my throbbing cock to her sweet wet hairy pussy. She lowered herself down until my entire cock was impaling her pussy. And then all of a sudden her pussy squeezed around my cock, and then she released it again. All I could do was moan and groan as she contracted her pussy and squeezed my cock. After a few minutes of squeezing she started to gently rock backwards and forwards, squeezing as she swayed. I put my hands into her lush carpet, which adorned her bushy underarms. I knew I was going to come soon and so did Jane. Just as I was about to come, Jane got off my cock and then squeezed around the base of my cock. 

She motioned to Paul. He came towards her and she took out his monster dick and stroked it to its hardness. Paul Sedgwick was clearly embarrassed but she was in charge she lowered herself onto him and she sat on his cock again, this time raising her pussy until his cock was almost out and then swallowing it whole again. As they fucked for longer, she began to get more and more violent with her thrusts. She was fucking him hard and she wasn’t going to stop. I started fucking the bristly hair in her matted armpits. She bent her arms and made a hole big enough for me to thrust my cock into her bushy armpits.

She was close to Cumming and so was I. I pulled my cock out of her armpits as Paul continued to be ground by her. She removed herself from him and we got into the doggy position. Then I parted her lips and placed my cock gently inside. Once I was in properly, I placed my hands in her hairy pits and we started to fuck like there was no tomorrow. As I thrust into her pussy, she would slam her ass back into me, twisting her hips on the way back, then she thrust hard and stopped, her body began to shake and she started to cum again. I felt her cum on the head of my cock and knew I was close to Cumming to. Paul had pushed his cock deep into her throat and the great cocksucker was sucking him off at the same time. She squeezed my cock with her pussy as I exploded over and over again. Paul frantically fucked her mouth and came again too, whilst I was still exploding inside her. 

We now had to sit down and discus the settlement. Jane obviously thought she had me on her side but she was wrong I would still be a hardnosed negotiator I had my client’s good in my mind so what If I had just fucked his wife.