 On a beautiful early summer evening the long, shiny, black Cadillac limo glides to a stop at the curb. The liveried chauffer trots around and opens the passenger side door. A man dressed in a tuxedo exits the limo and enters the uptown apartment building. A second man also dressed in a tuxedo exits the limo and lights a cigarette, blowing perfect smoke rings into the cool night air.

The doorman greets the man "Good evening Mister Stevens. Miss Beverly is expecting you sir go right up." 

Patrick responds "Thank you Conrad," enters the elevator and presses the button for the 8th floor. The elevator doors close silently behind him. His reflection in the mirrored interior of the elevator pleases him. The doors open and he proceeds down the hall. He's always liked this building. Decorated in the baroque style with paintings by Rubens of buxom full figured women, the thick wine red carpeting and the richly flocked wall paper. Subdued lighting sets a somber yet elegant mood along with ornately carved substantial furnishings rarely found in today's ultra-modern apartment buildings. At apartment 816 he pauses, Beverly is within and he wants to start this evening so badly his pulse is quickening but he wants to savor the moment. Pressing the button for the doorbell and he hears a muffled chime from within the apartment, then quiet. Seconds pass and he presses again and checks his Rolex. He mumbles "8 o'clock on the dot, why can they never be ready on time?" 

Suddenly the door swings open. A vision in a strapless orchid chiffon gown and pearl necklace and earrings greets him with a passionate kiss. He kisses her back not even trying to disguise his lust. She is the most exquisite creature he has ever seen and he is starting to regret this idea of his to share her this evening. It is their secret fantasy and beside it is too late to change plans now. She turns to check her appearance in the full length mirror as he moves behind her caresses the flawless skin of her shoulders, plants several kisses on the nape of her neck and fondles her ample breasts. Finally he says "Let's get going my Pet, your chariot waits!" Tonight is something they have discussed many times. He can envision her face when they get back to the limo and she meets his friend Enrique.

He presses the lobby button as they enter the elevator. An older building with a slow elevator he pushes her against the wall of the car and she can feel his erection through the Tuxedo and her gown. A shiver runs through her as he kisses her deeply with a lot of tongue and she catches her breath just as the doors open on the lobby. He escorts her through the lobby to the street. She sees the limo and exclaims "Oh, first class tonight, Patrick you never cease to amaze me!"

His response is "Only the best, my love." Seeing the chauffer and second gentleman she is confused. Patrick says "I'd like you to meet my friend Enrique, Enrique this is Beverly." She is still confused, this was supposed to be an intimate evening for two, or so she thought. The trio enters the limo and Enrique pours champagne. She thinks to herself that he is very nice and possesses classic Latin good looks, dark, slender waist, strong broad shoulders and thick, black, wavy hair. A complete opposite of the fair skinned, red-haired, definite Irish descendent, Patrick. Enrique presses in close on her left side and Patrick on her right. The driver closes the privacy window and turns the stereo up a notch.

Patrick leans over and kisses her passionately and she instinctively pushes him away and mouths "Not now!" He insistently attempts the kiss again as Enrique caresses her shoulder. Beverly has a look of panic in her eyes. What is going on here? Why is Patrick allowing, even participating in this. Patrick leans in close to her ear and whispers "Relax My Pet tonight we will fulfill your greatest fantasy." Slowly she understands and smiles that naughty little smile of hers. He kisses her deeply as Enrique slowly moves his hand down her chest to her breast and slides his fingers into her bra teasing her stiffening nipple. Patrick has unzips the gown and slides it down to her waist exposing her orchid lace bustier which laces up the front. He bends down, places a tender kiss in the cleavage between her ample breasts and finds the bow of her bustier laces with his teeth and pulls gently to undo the bow. 

Unlacing the bustier is a slow, delicious process and finally the bustier is on the other seat in the limo. Her breasts are lit by the indirect lighting and their classic shape with large areola and turgid nipples stir both men. What a picture, Beverly nude to the waist sitting between two men in tuxedos. Patrick bends over and takes her right nipple between his teeth and nips ever so gently as Enrique does the same with the left. Beverly moans out loud as each of her nipples is licked repeatedly by two different tongues. Patrick reaches between her legs under her gown and feels the growing wetness. The two men lift her up to remove her gown leaving her sitting only in her orchid garter belt and stockings, her juices leaking onto the supple leather seat of the limo. Both men are still fully dressed in their formal attire as Beverly reaches and unzips first one and then the other, revealing two fully erect and dripping cocks. The men get on their knees one on each side and feed her two cocks. She works one cock then the other. One is pure white and one is dark.

Enrique opens the moon roof. Beverly can see the tall buildings, some reminding her of enormous cocks, illuminated by the city lights as the limo glides through the crowded city streets. She shifts in her seat and stands and pokes her head and torso through the moon roof, careful not to expose herself to the crowds on the street, to admire the scenery. The warm early summer breeze tickles her already stiff nipples making her gasp in anticipation. Enrique moves behind her and slowly runs his tongue from between her legs to the top of her crack and Patrick does the same to her pussy, savoring the juices.

Pulling back through the moon roof and on her hands and knees she takes Enrique's cock full into her mouth. Patrick turns in the seat so he can enter her vagina from the rear. Oh, she is so wet, his cock easily slides in to his balls in one stroke. So hot, so slick he cannot help but stroke back and forth in a rhythm as old as time and soon shoots a load deep inside her as Enrique does the same deep in her throat. Neither man loses his erection. Enrique sits on the seat and turns Beverly around to sit on his lap. Beverly is so excited that with little effort her anus opens to accept his pulsating cock and he enters her ass. Patrick gets in front of Beverly and pushes his cock into Beverly's vagina. It is tighter than before as he can feel Enrique's huge cock through the membrane separating the vagina from the bowel and the sensation of the two cocks rubbing against one another sends all three into a mind numbing, simultaneous orgasm. Beverly cries out and orgasms three times in quick succession. As the cityscape goes by outside the men bring her to orgasm time and time again as she moans and cries out in ecstasy. The three disengage and collapse on the seat totally spent.

The limo is a mess. Beverly's juices and the men's cum are all over the back seat and her. Cum is everywhere, even on the windows. The lady is sprawled spread eagled in the center of the back seat with only garter belt and stockings. A man on either side fully clothed, if disheveled, with limp cocks hanging from open zippers. Everyone is spent and it is some time before anyone speaks.

Finally Patrick says "Well did that live up to your fantasy Sweet Cheeks."

Beverly hardly able to speak slowly responds in a husky voice "Oh, yes, yes, yes!!"

The limo drops Enrique at his residence which leaves Patrick and Beverly alone in the back seat. Patrick gets on his knees in front of Beverly and licks her clit over and over again. She rides wave after wave of intense pleasure as he cleans her juices and cum from her pussy. They ride in silence as Patrick helps Beverly clean up and re-dress. Beverly says "Oh, Patrick that was a wonderful fantasy fulfilled. I guess now we'll have to find a new one", her voice colored by lust.

Patrick responds "We will My Sweet Beverly, we will."