 It had been a long day at work, and all you wanted to do was just get home and relax, but I had other ideas. 

You see a note on the front door that tells you to go straight to the bathroom and jump in the shower. You smile because you know I'm up to something and it's gonna be good. Hurrying, you head to the bathroom. Opening the door to the bathroom, you see I'm standing there in wrapped in a towel waiting for you. You start to say something but I put my finger on your lips and shake my head. No need for words just enjoy whats going to happen. 

I start softly kissing you while slowly unbuttoning your shirt, I tease and trace your lips with my tongue. With the last button open I touch your stomach and slowly rub my hands up your body grazing you every so often with my nails as I rub up to your shoulders to push your shirt off. I'm still teasing your lips and mouth with my tongue and you suck in a quick breath of air when I unbutton your jeans. As I'm sliding your zipper down I start lightly licking down your neck to your chest and down your stomach as I push your jeans and boxers down. Kneeling, I'm eye level with your semi hard cock. I give you a wicked grin then lick you from the base to the head and lightly suck on it.

I finish helping you get your clothes off and we get in the shower. I'm standing behind you gently pressed up against your back, the combination of the cool air and warm water is making my nipples very hard, and you feel them sliding across your back as I move. 

Grabbing your body wash I start lathering soap on you while slightly moving in a way so that you can feel my breast rub against your body all the time. I lightly scratch my nails from your shoulders all the way down to your ass and back up several times. I tell you to turn around and continue to rub your body with my hands and breast. I'm pretending to not pay attention to your rock hard cock but its getting hard. I want it in my mouth so bad, I love sucking your cock, taking it deep in my throat feeling the veins against my tongue, licking and sucking on the head of it while you moan and gasp. However I have other things planned.

I kneel down and slide my soapy hands up and down your legs. Then I start massaging your balls and scratch them with my nails, not hard enough to hurt but just enough for you to gasp a little. While I'm playing with your balls I start lightly stroking you, I'm holding my hand loosely around you but get a little tighter with each stroke. I tell you to point the shower head to rinse the soap off. 

When the soap is gone I start tracing your wet cock against my lips almost as if I was putting lipstick on. I'm just barely sucking the head of your cock while stroking your. You start thrusting your hips and I take a little more of you in my mouth with each thrust. 

Then I grab your hips and suck you all the way down my throat and hold you there for a few seconds. I can feel your body shaking and know you are close to coming. I start stoking and sucking at the same time. You let out a loud moan as your cock starts pulsating and shooting your warm cum down my throat. I keep gently sucking you until your cock still and I've swallowed all your cum. I smile and ask if you enjoyed that. You manage to nod yes and I tell you we are just getting started. 

We quickly rinse off and get out. As we are drying off I grab a blindfold and put it on you. Taking your hand I lead you to the bedroom and guide you to the bed and I tell you to lay down. I lay down beside you and am just lazily grazing my nails across your skin. I ask you if you know how much our shower turned me on and you shake your head no.

I get on my knees and grab your hand and bring it to my mouth. I lightly suck on your fingertips before sliding it down to my breast and hard nipples, I make sure each fingertips touches a nipple before moving your hand to where you are cupping my breast, following the motion of my hand you massage me enjoying the feel of my nipple rubbing against your palm. I move your hand over to my other breast and do the same thing. I then slide your hand down my stomach to my almost dripping pussy. I'm so wet and horny for you its driving me crazy but I'm having to much fun to spoil what's in store for you. Your fingers brush against my outer lips, feeling how wet I am. You gently slide your fingers up and down my slit before parting me and going for my clit. Its throbbing from wanting you so bad and it doesn't take much for you to make me cum as you quickly push 2 fingers inside of me causing me to cum all over them. 

Smiling you hold your hand up and I eagerly lick my cum off them and lean down to kiss you so you can taste me on my tongue. You start to take the blindfold of, but I don't let you. Grabbing your hands I make you put them behind your head and tell you that you can't move them unless I say so. I start kissing and licking my way down your body to your cock that's starting to get hard again. I lick and gently bite around the base of your cock but that's not what I'm going for. Settling between your legs I start flicking my tongue against your balls going back and forth between the two. My licks start getting bolder until I stuck one in my mouth, scratching my nails down your thighs as I do which causes your hips to buck off the bed. I giggle at this and the vibrations from me doing that cause an extra sensation against you in my mouth. I move over to your other nut and as I suck it in my mouth you feel another set of lips wrap around your cock. You jump about 6 inches off the bed. 

At the sound of giggling you rip the blind fold off to see that it's my best friend Leah who's sucking your cock. It doesn't take for you long to get over your shock.

While Leah is still sucking your cock, I ask you if you would like for me to do something other than suck your balls. You tell me to go down on her while you do the same to me. Moving to where we form a triangle, I start licking Leah's pussy lips, tasting her juicy sweetness. Sliding my tongue in between her lips is like sticking my tongue in a waterfall. She got so wet watching us before she joined in she is dripping like I was. I slide my tongue up and down not quite touching her clit yet, teasing her. When I do touch her clit she jumps an little but doesn't stop sucking you. I start making circles and figure 8s around her clit getting her close the cumming but stopping before she does, and I have a wicked reason why. 

Leah is a gusher and I want to see her gush all over your cock, and the more I can build her up the better. While I've got my tongue buried in her pussy, you've got your tongue in mine. The way you are sucking on my clit and sliding your tongue in me is driving me nuts and almost making it too hard for me concentrate on what I'm doing to Leah. 

Your tongue thrusting in and out of my pussy feels so damn good. Knowing you've always had this secret fantasy to see 2 girls 69 I suggest we do that. You move and lean back against the headboard while I lay on my back and Leah lays on top of me. We waste no time eating each others pussies. Raising my head up I stick my tongue in her pussy as far as I can, tasting and savoring her sweet juices before licking back down to her clit. Leah is sucking my clit in between her teeth and flicking her tongue against it. I'm trying hard to keep from bucking my hips but its useless and want her to bury her face in my pussy and tongue fuck me so bad. She starts rolling her tongue against my clit and I lose it. I scream as I cum so hard. Leah licks up as much of my cream as she can. 

Moving off of me she moves over to where you are and kisses you, letting you suck my cream off her tongue. You lay down and I tell her I want to watch her ride your cock. As she straddles you, you grab her hips and slam up into her causing her to moan loudly. I move so that I'm beside her and I can watch your cock slide in and out of her soaking wet pussy. I look at you and smile. Leaning down I start sucking on her nipple and pinch her other one with my fingers. As she's riding you, you starting playing with my clit. It feels so damn good and watching her ride you is such a fucking turn on. I tell you to fuck her harder and you grab her hips, slamming in to her as hard as you can. She screams as she cums. Her cum is gushing all over your cock and thighs. After a few moments, she can move to climb off of you and I lean down and start sucking your cock, cleaning her juices off of you. 

The taste of her and you in my mouth is amazing. You tell me its my turn and to get on my hands and knees. Just as soon as I get turned around you slam your cock into me deep and hard. I LOVE IT!! 

Grabbing my hair and turning my head so that I can look back at you, you reach up and scratch down my back so hard I have to bite my lip to keep from screaming. It feel so good. Leah slides under me so that we are back in a 69 position again. The feel of her tongue against my clit while your cock is slamming into me is fucking amazing. She reaches up and starts playing with your balls, lightly scratching them and licking them when shes not tonguing my clit.

Leaning down, I start licking and sucking her clit with everything I've got. You start thrusting harder and faster and then a chain reaction happens, Leah gushes all over my face which pushes me over the edge and I explode around you squeezing your cock so tight it's hard for you to back any longer. Slamming into me, you shout as you cum so hard and deep in my pussy. After a moment, you pull out and fall backwards on the bed. 

Before I move off of Leah she reaches up and licks my pussy one more time to taste the combination of your cum and my cream dripping from me. 

Our bodies are still quivering as we all lay back against the pillows. Cuddling against you, Leah and I use your shoulders as pillows as we all drift into a short nap. The night is still young and we are just getting started.