 The smallest crack I could manage I left open in his closet. Later, when he had unhinged her brain as he had done mine so often, I would open it wider for a better look. 

I could see him lead her into the room; she did not lag behind. Master that he is of the art, he positioned himself so I could see both of them in profile and so that, when he turned her back to him so that she could see the two of them in the mirror, while her eyes were riveted on their reflection or closed in desire, he could look into the closet to see my face. 

I was struck by her legs. She was taller than him, just a bit, helped out by her heels, but her legs were clearly longer than average. I noted she had not worn any hose and that piqued my curiosity. Was she, like me, a woman who enjoyed wearing nothing underneath her skirt when an encounter was imminent? Did she enjoy her lovers' hands searching for the non-existent line of delineation? The sigh and smile when they realized there was something missing and therefore more than could ever meet the eye? 

I didn't have long to let this image play on my mind, because I wanted to see her face. Her shoulder length, dark brown hair was thick and shiny, like a Latina or an Asian, but her face was neither. I could not tell the color of her eyes from my position, but I did note with rising desire her lips, red and glossy, and the relative lack of much other make-up. I liked that and the fact that her eyelashes and eyebrows seemed heavy and dark. She must be a beauty nude, her pale skin in contrast to her dramatically dark hair and lips. 

She reached to stroke his chest through the shirt. He slipped a hand over her ear and held her hair while pulling her to him for another kiss. In profile, the two of them were amazingly beautiful. She removed her shoes to be closer to him and he stepped back to watch her. Bending down, he held one silky calf in his hand while she removed the second shoe and he began to kiss her there, slowly, softly, just stroking her skin and I melted a little just as she did. She stoked his face and head, pulling him back up to her and as he rose, he let his hand trail up her thigh to her ass, cupping it as those voluptuous ruby lips covered his mouth again. 

When the kiss broke, she laid her head on his shoulder and she turned his head to the side, facing me, giving me a look that almost sent me to the edge. It was clear from the shape of his pants that he was aroused mightily by this, but from his face, I could tell he was also anxious to have me join them but he knew he had to take time slowly with her. He was going to be asking a lot from her, but from the conversations the two of them had shared at work, he did not think she would be averse to the presence of another woman. He smiled at me a little, raised an eyebrow and returned his attentions to her neck. 

As he kissed her there, his hands found their way to her breasts, caressing them and then pinching the nipples through her sea green sweater. Her breasts were ample, not too large, but pretty and right for her frame. The long flowered print skirt she wore was slit up the sides and fell attractively over her curvaceous ass, where I could see his hand returning. He used the side slits to snake beneath the garment and, after a little probing, pulled down a beautiful pair of white lace bikini panties. She stepped out of them obligingly, smiling sweetly at him, and though she did not know it, in my direction as well. 

Watching him seduce this beauty, watching him disrobe and disarm her, had the desired effect on me. From my far corner, I let a lone finger stray between my dampening slit, linger on my clit a little, tracing circles there, just teasing, until I could find his hand there. 

She began to unbutton the shirt and he let her, stroking her hair and whispering to her, telling her how he wanted her. I could hear her moan a little as she kissed his chest and kneeled before him. As her pale hands undid his zipper and button, he moved a little to help her slip the trousers over his hips. He did not wait, either, as he pushed the cotton shorts down with his pants, revealing you perfectly erect cock. Dry now, stiff, but not straining, just ready to do her bidding. And as she lowered her lips to his head, I felt another twinge of envy. How wonderful to feel his head between her lips for the first time. I brought my own slippery fingers to my lips, timing my strokes and sucks with hers, tasting myself. I imagined his head slipping down my throat when I realized she was trying to deep throat him, but could not. Maybe, I thought, I shall teach her. Show her how he likes it done. Use him as a practice field. Every time she got it right, I would reward her by letting her kiss me. . .I drifted a little, but could not concentrate on that fantasy because of the reality unfolding in front of me. 

I watched his eyes, not yet comfortable enough to close, his mouth moving in little whispers of yes. I wanted to come out then, take part in this, but he pulled her off, her hand still stroking him and led her to the bed. Standing before him, she began unbuttoning her own sweater, letting it fall to the floor as he watched the display. He tugged her skirt down revealing a full dark triangle of hair, so different from the little strip that was all he had left me. Her silky skin looked smooth and vulnerable. Her beauty was palpable, surprising even him in his reaction, the swelling between his legs now accompanied by the tiniest dewy pearl. He rubbed it around his head, teasing her with the sight of it. Lifting his fingers to his mouth, he fed her, let her lick his fingers and then, kissing her, he began to slip those shiny digits in and out of her labia. Feeling the lips swollen and the hole slick, he pushed the first finger in to her and left it there, motionless. Her eyes closed in silent joy, waiting to see what he would do, the anticipation causing her to tremble as she contracted her walls around him. That was all the encouragement he needed. 

Pushing her on to her back, he laid her out on the bed. "Hold your knees," I heard him say, but she was already ahead of him there. Her cunt spread for both of us, I was amazed to see him sink two fingers into it, stroking her slowly, letting her get used to the rhythm, rocking her hips to meet his fleshy hands. I thought of the ecstasies he had driven me to just like this. How slick his fingers became, the blur of his hand as he increased the pace to meet her need. Ohhhhh, I wanted him to teach me how to do that, how to bring her off without losing myself in the process. I noticed how discreetly he positioned his body to allow me to see what he was doing, to watch the piston of his arm as I heard her gasping now, turning into a low moan. Never breaking his pace, he rose to his feet, giving him a better angle as she lifted her ass off the bed. Driving down into her, three fingers engulfed in that sweet dark pussy, his thumb bumping her clit, I watched his face. Having been on the receiving end, I had never really looked there before, my face usually in its own mask of lust. 

He had such a look of concentration, so much focus. I noticed his beautiful cock, hard still, but it needed attention. I thought how wonderful it would be to kneel underneath him, spread his ass and lick his sweet asshole, balls, cock bottom while I fisted his dick while he brought her to her orgasm. How fucking hot to be spreading my spit all around him, vipering my tongue, reaming him while he fingered this alabaster beauty to climax. How better, still, to sneak up on you, the first sign of my presence my tongue in his ass as my hands spread his cheeks. . . . 

Again, I found my fantasies interrupted, gleefully, by her coming. I became vaguely aware that my own orgasm was timing with hers. I was grateful that he had provided the dildo before he left, as my fingers would not have sufficed for the coming I needed to calm myself so that I could join them. Our waves of joy hit at roughly the same time and as she ceased speaking English but continued talking, I knew the first hinge had been removed. Our hips continued to buck as he braced his arm, just letting her fuck his hand now, until she relaxed, still undulating, and looked him in the eyes. 

"There, feel better?" he asked her. An ecstatic smile spread on her face as she nodded a feeble yes, leaning indolently on her elbows. Slowly, so as not to shock her with emptiness, he removed one finger at a time, each one rubbing goodbye as she whimpered, wanting his cock to replace them. He could tell she wanted him, so he just lightly massaged the labia and clit, reassuring her that it was not over. "There, baby, there. Shhhhh. That's good, there is more coming." On hearing that, she sighed and laid back. 

"There is much more, sweet. We are just getting started." He gathered her in his arms, stroking her breasts and neck and shoulders. Her hand reached down to pump him, releasing just a bit of that sweet pre cum again. He did indulge this in me, letting me watch her slowly, tentatively stroke him to tautness again. He spread his legs wide and took her other hand to his balls. She responded by attempting to go down on him again, but he wanted to draw this out. "No, not yet. Just your hand, OK?" She stroked hard and slow, while he propped himself up on a pillow to watch her hand on him, and to see me watch this. From the closet, I turned, giving him a view of my sweet ass. Just the sight of my ass, her hands on him, the sweet smell of her on his hand was almost enough to make him come. His balls filled, got heavy. A little arch developed in his back, but he forced it down. 

"There. That's good. Shhhhhhh. Stop." His breath was coming a little too quickly for his own good, and so he removed himself from her grasp. 

"I'll be right back," he told her as he headed for the closet.