 "Women are just inherently more attractive than men."

"That's such bullshit . You only think that because you're a straight guy who hasn't got the imagination to grasp other people might not think like you. I can think of plenty of attractive men."

"Sure. But you can also think of plenty of hot women too."

"Yeah, but I don't fancy them."

"I never said you did, but you admit they're hot."

"What and you can't see that Brad Pitt or George Clooney are hot."

"I suppose, but I don't really think about them."

"I don't think about hot women either."

"But it's not such a reach for you is it?"

"What isn't?"

"Well, kissing another woman, a hot one. Making out a little."

"That's such a bullshit male fantasy. You think every time your back is turned, Becky and I have pillow fights in our lingerie before making out on the bed?"

"Don't you?"

"No! God. You're infuriating."

"Well, what about girls in clubs?"

"What girls? What clubs?"

"Just normal clubs. Plenty of times I've seen girls, straight girls kissing in front of a bunch of guys."

"Yeah, well, you know they're only doing that to turn those guys on? They don't really mean it."

"Of course. But they still do it. Guys would never do that, not even if there was guaranteed sex at the end."

Becky watched James and Amanda sparring and just sat there sipping her drink. She was pretty sure that James was only saying these things to get a rise out of Amanda and that Amanda was enjoying it really. It was almost like old times, almost. But there was definitely an edge there now, a sexual tension tinged with darker hues of jealousy and betrayal.

The three of them had been friends for ever. Both girls had fancied James for as long as they could remember. 

When they'd been in their early teens, old enough for lust but not old enough for consummation, it has been fun to share an obsession.

Later it had made them rivals. They had fallen out over James plenty of times but never seriously enough to threaten their friendship, at least not until last summer. James had kissed and held hands with both girls over the years, as the three of them, each in their separate ways had slowly built up confidence in physical intimacy.

But Becky had always had the edge. She was smaller and darker than her blonde, outgoing friend. Amanda was the one you noticed first and the more obviously pretty but something about Becky just seemed to draw James in.

Amanda had resisted for a while but by the time they had reached sixth form she had yielded to the inevitable. Besides she was a good looking girl and there were plenty of other boys to flirt and dance with. 

Often, the four of them would hang out, Becky, Amanda, James and whoever Amanda was currently hooked up with. They would squeeze into the ancient Volvo James had inherited from a brother off to university and bump down the country lanes to the Ship or some other dilapidated establishment not overly concerned with IDs to drink ciders in a beer garden by the river.

But the attraction between James and Amanda had never really gone away either. Sometimes Becky would catch them looking at each other as they shared a cigarette or gossipped about friends. And they were always arguing about something; politics, music, sex.

Many a night would be dominated by James and Amanda good naturedly taking stripes out of each other down by the river as the sun slipped behind the hills, while Becky and Tom, Chris, Duncan or whoever it was this time could barely get a word in. 

Becky was sure it was one of the reasons none of Amanda's relationships ever lasted. 

But for all the attraction between James and Amanda, nothing ever took place between them. James and Becky broke up for other reasons. 

It was the summer of their A Levels and the stress had been getting to Becky. To make things worse James was never around. She might have suspected Amanda but Amanda and Becky had been closeted together for weeks going over their revision.

Becky eventually discovered that James had been selling weed to some kids in the lower sixth and she was furious. She didn't mind the odd smoke now and again but to actually take the step of selling it, becoming a drug dealer and to seventeen year olds as well? No matter they were themselves only a year older. 

Her objection wasn't so much moral, she didn't see James ruining anyone's life with an eighth of soapy hashish, but it was the sheer irresponsibility of it that got her. Risking expulsion or even prison time for a few faded tenners.

The timing hadn't helped either. With exams looming she couldn't believe he was wasting his time like this. The truly annoying thing, the bit she hadn't shared with James, was that he was so Goddamed smart he probably could cruise to straight As with minimal work whereas she was having to sweat hard for an A and a couple of Bs.

They'd had it out that night. Becky had been histrionic. She'd been tired and stressed and had lost all control. She'd laid down an ultimatum, her or the drugs.

He'd chosen her but within a week she found out he was still at it. 

She'd calmly called him that night and told him it was over. 

This was about six weeks before the exams and in the maelstrom of it all she hadn't really had time to deal with how she felt about it all.

But then when the ink was dry on her final paper and she finally came up for air, she found James had got it together with a girl called Sally from his chemistry class. Becky was devastated.

Amanda had immediately rallied round. It was the start of the last long golden summer before they all went to university and Amanda was damned if James was going to ruin it for her friend. Amanda was almost as angry with James as Becky was. 

It was a summer of parties. With the stress of exams over, they all felt the sudden rush of liberation from any sense of responsibility for a few short glorious months. The weather was good and everything was heightened by the sting of imminent separation and the thrill of not knowing what came next. 

It felt strange not to share it with James. Stranger still to see him at parties with Sally and have to force herself not to talk to him. But Becky was a bright girl, a sensible girl and she looked to the future.

Encouraged by Amanda she danced and flirted with the boys, eventually summoning the courage to let Duncan take her home after one party. His parents had gone to Corfu for a fortnight leaving him with a free house. He had thrown two parties already, doubtless with more to come, but that night it was just him and Becky.

The sex had been awkward but good. 

Nothing like with James, who was Becky's only point of reference. With James, Becky had got to know his body inch by inch over months and years, so when they finally did have sex, one wet and otherwise not memorable Wednesday afternoon, it had seemed both natural and inevitable.

By contrast she and Duncan had fallen into each other's arms with indecent haste. Becky wasn't really sure how much she even liked Duncan but there was no doubt he was cute, cuter than James if she was honest. 

And she'd been feeling so fucking horny. She hadn't been thinking about sex when she finished with James and it wasn't the main thing she missed about him. But she did miss it.

James had a liberal mother and an often absent father so Becky had got used to fucking on a fairly regular basis.

Two months later she felt horny and frustrated and Duncan seemed as good a candidate as any other to scratch that particular itch.

They got straight down to it, with very little foreplay but, as he entered her, she found it wasn't James she was thinking of but Amanda.

Duncan had been out with Amanda for a while. Becky knew they 'd fucked because Amanda had told her all about it. In great detail.

So as she felt his cock sliding inside her, the first thing she thought that this same cock had already been inside Amanda.

The two girls had been friends and rivals since they were old enough to remember anything. They had shared almost everything over the years, at least until Amanda grew too tall and Becky too busty to swap dresses anymore, but this felt like something else.

And once she'd thought it, she couldn't stop thinking it. So rather than comparing Duncan to James, she couldn't stop wondering how she was comparing against Amanda. 

Was Amanda's pussy as tight as her? Was it tighter?

Who fucked harder? Who moaned louder?

The more she thought about, the more she pictured Amanda fucking Duncan, the more turned on she got. She felt her juices flowing out of her, coating Duncan's cock and couldn't help thinking about Amanda's juices on the same cock.

She remembered Amanda describing how Duncan had gone down on her and so she kissed him now, thinking of Amanda's juices smeared across his face. Becky felt like she could almost taste Amanda on him.

Becky had made herself come almost before she'd noticed it coming and was left panting and breathless as Duncan was still pounding away. She looked up at him and smiled but noticed Duncan was staring hard at her tits.

She was suddenly reminded of something Ananda had said, that Duncan had been really keen to cum on her tits. Amanda had refused. Both girls agreed it was gross, a clear sign he watched too much porn.

But now Becky had a sudden irrational desire to get one over on Amanda. What for quite, she couldn't say. Amanda had had nothing to do with her break up with James and had been nothing but supportive. 

But even though James had chosen her, Becky had always known that James and Amanda had a thing for each other. And even though it was years ago, Becky had never quite forgiven Amanda for kissing James before she had, when they' been fourteen and before James had settled on Becky.

Besides, Amanda was taller, prettier and cleverer than Becky. But Becky had bigger tits. It might not be much but it was something. And, however unfairly, she wanted to use the one thing she had to get one over on her best friend, take out all her frustration on her, although not in a way that Amanda would ever know about. 

So she'd ask Duncan to put his dick between her tits, fuck them and come all over them. 

Duncan looked like all his Christmases had come at once and almost howled with pleasure as Becky wrapped her large breasts around his shaft and as, moments later, he came hard all over them, squirting sticky hot semen everywhere.

A few days later, Becky's parents took her to Paris for a week, a last family holiday. 

When she got back, no one would catch her eye. At first she thought word of her sluttiness had got out and she was being punished for it. But it turned out to be worse than that. 

It was Sally of all people, teary eyed and spiteful, who filled her in. 

Amanda and James had been caught fucking at Chris Williams' party.

Becky didn't want to see anyone for a while after that. 

Duncan kept calling but she ignored him.

Or at least she ignored him until she realised that being unhappy didn't stop you being horny and masturbation really wasn't enough. 

She'd call him when her frustration was too much and he'd pick her up in battered old Clio. They'd drive round to one of the deserted quarries carved into the hills and fuck on the uncomfortable back seats, ignored the other cars filled with similarly engaged couples or groups of lads smoking weed with the car windows rolled up.

Afterwards they'd drive home in silence.

After four or five such trips, Duncan told her it was over. He felt like she was just using him. She couldn't blame him.

After that she barely went out at all. 

It was in Sainsbury's of all places that she finally ran into Amanda. It was results day and both girls had the results they needed, Amanda was off to Cambridge, Becky to Bristol.

It wasn't until she had the pieces of paper in her hand that she realised how much worry over her results had played its part in her recent general unhappiness. She felt a wave of relief and euphoria break over her as she realised her future was assured.

It was in this frame of mind that she bumped into Amanda in the vegetable aisle. She saw Amanda before Amanda saw her. Becky paused unsure and just stood there while her friend inspected a punnet of tomatoes.

Seeing Amana caught unawares reminded Becky how much she missed her. Something inside her, some lingering resentment, suddenly just gave way. 

Becky took a step towards her. Amanda looked up, startled and then suspicious but as she recognised the tender look in Beck's eyes, Amana's own eyes started to well with tears.

Suddenly, the two girls were in each other's arms, crying and apologising. 

They dumped the groceries and went for a long walk down the river and then up the hilltop. They were taking all the time, talking more than they'd talked in years. 

Duncan, it seems, had spilled the details of his first night with Becky. It had hurt James and Amanda both, although for slightly different reasons. 

James had had his pride hurt, Becky had never done that with him, not that he'd ever asked her to. 

But Amanda seemingly knew Becky better than James did. It had been the detail that it had been Becky's idea that had really got to her. She remembered the conversation they had had about it, she correctly divined Becky's motivations and had been crushed by them. 

Also Duncan was her ex. Not the same thing as Becky and James of course but she had had feelings for him, still did a bit.

Whatever feelings she'd had for James, she'd never been anything other than a loyal friend.

And the thing with James had just kind of happened. It wasn't planned. 

But she was sorry.

The two friends gave and accepted numerous apologies that night and were more or less inseparable for the few short weeks left before term started.

But it wasn't the same as before, not quite. If they hadn't known an enforced separation was coming up, probably neither would have been so willing to forgive. 

Becky only saw James once more before she left for Bristol. She was sharing a cider with Amanda in the beer garden in the Ship. It was dark by now. It was mid September and the nights were starting to draw in, the golden summer evenings already a thing off the past.

It was so dark that at first she hadn't realised that the couple who had just sat down at the next table were James and Sally, seemingly having patched things up for now. 

It was only when both Sally and Amanda had popped to the loo that Becky recognised James's face by the glow of his lighter as he lit a cigarette. James looked up and caught her eye, she was illuminated by the glow from a nearby window.

He smiled her a sad smile, which she gladly returned. Then he flicked the lighter off and he was gone. She could feel him nearby smoking in the darkness. Something about his presence nearby was reassuring. But as soon as Sally came back, he stubbed out his cigarette, wordlessly taking Sally by the hand and left. He didn't say anything to Becky.

Amanda reappeared, looking puzzled. Was that James she asked. Becky just nodded.

It had been the briefest of moments but Becky felt like some balance had been restored, and she was glad for it.

And that had been a year ago. Becky kept up with Amanda when she was in Bristol but hadn't seen her much. 

She hadn't heard from James at all until she'd bumped into him in the Black Lamb in the second week of the summer holiday.

Becky felt like a different person after a year away and she was sure James did too. But he looked just the same, as good as ever, propping up the bar and putting the world to rights. In fact he did look different, more assured. The James she knew had always been a little on the introverted side. 

Becky felt suddenly brave. She was meeting Amanda but Amanda was late so Becky was in the bar alone. No reason not to go and talk to an old friend. The events of last summer felt like a lifetime ago. 

So she just marched up to him and said hello. She didn't think she'd ever seen anyone look so pleased to see her in her life. Suddenly all the old feelings came rushing back which made her suddenly wonder if this was such a good idea. But she needed to hold her ground. 

For two minutes the conversation was stilted and awkward. Then it just clicked. It was just James again, just James and Becky like always. For the first time in a long time she really let herself feel the pang of quite how much she missed him. 

She'd really kidded herself if she thought she was over him. 

Then Amanda showed up and, without even discussing it, James ditched his mates and the three of them found a table and were talking just like the old times. 

Come kicking out time, somehow both girls accepted an invitation back to James's parent's. It had felt so natural it was only on the way there that Becky stopped to wonder if it was really a good idea.

Both the liberal mother and absent father were away on a theatre trip to London and James was being liberal with his father's really rather good selection of single malts.

And somehow they had got started on this conversation, the three of them sipping whisky in the kitchen and James and Amanda winding each other up like always, with Becky watching on the sidelines.

For the most part, she agreed with Amanda. James just wanted to think girls all fancied each other because that's what he wanted to believe. Becky was even starting to wonder if James had always been this boorish.

But another part of her wondered if James might not even have a point. 

This time last year she would have instantly dismissed the notion. But a few weeks ago she had shared a night with a girl on her course called Laura which had made her question a few things about herself.

When Amanda had joked about pillow fights and lingerie and making out, she had felt a little tremor run through her body. 

Suddenly she realised that the tension that had always been there between her and Amanda wasn't just jealousy and rivalry about James, it was also a sexual tension between the two of them. 

Fuck, did she actually fancy Amanda? 

Had she always fancied Amanda? 

Maybe a little. Nothing like the feelings she had had for James but maybe there was something there. Amanda was beautiful, a tall willowy blonde with a face like a summer's afternoon. Becky had always admired it but something about it made her feel uncomfortable too. 

She had always put it down to jealousy, an inability to measure up but maybe it was something else. Maybe it was desire. 

She thought about the first time with Duncan, how all she could think about was Amanda. By sharing Duncan like that, was she really just trying to share something sexual with her? By fucking Duncan was she just fantasising about fucking Amanda?

The thought, the sudden realisation of something long known but only now admitted, made her feel a little woozy and light headed but also more than a little excited.

"What do you think Becky?" James turned to ask her view on why two straight girls would ever kiss.

Becky's first thought was that right now, she could think of nothing better than kissing Amanda while James watched. 

"I just don't think girls are as hung up about it. You guys are so paranoid about people thinking you're gay. I don't think girls are as bothered by that."

"Exactly," Amanda was pleased Becky had come up with an answer she had struggled to give herself. 

"But do you think they enjoy it?" James asked. 

"No," said Amanda.

"Maybe," said Becky at the same time, thinking about Laura. She had certainly enjoyed that and it had been more than just kissing.

Both James and Amanda were staring at Becky now. There was a gleam in James's eye that hadn't been there before. Amanda's expression was more inscrutable. 

"Really?" asked James, sensing an advantage. "Do you think you might like it?"
