 All participants in this story are over 18 and it is only through my active imagination that any of these characters exist, any resemblance to characters living or fictional is purely coincidental. Enjoy! It's a slow build, but I think it's worth it.

-------

It was finally a long weekend! A glorious three-day period of languishing with friends and drinking in the sun of a Canadian summer.

It was the Canada Day weekend and plans had long been in the works to get our group of friends out camping.

Unfortunately by the time zero hour came around we had received a few cancellations. Work, family and just general chaos cost us three tents of folks and left us with just Sarah, John, and myself. It was a shame to miss the opportunity for some camping fun and after some hurried phone conferences we three decided to make the leap and go anyways.

Late Friday afternoon found me gathering the last of my camping gear, which was extremely minimal except for food, sleeping bag and the necessary libations and waiting on my front steps for John to pick me up. John and I had known each other for about six years and were close friends. 

We spent many a weekend drinking and whiling away the hours on patios and chasing skirts. John was about 6'2" with short brown hair he wasn't much for styling so it had a perpetually unkempt, just slept in look. He was in good shape for 30 and was an avid camper like myself. He already had a bit of a tan because he often worked in his back yard on the deck for his house. We were popular enough with the ladies we just didn't take the hunt too seriously.

"Got your suntan lotion for the nude beach?" he said with a leer, as I loaded my gear into the back of his already stuffed pickup truck. He was always much more filthy minded than myself and he loves to push the limits.

"No nude beach, just rocks to jump off and a river to swim in. But we might run into some young college girls who are scared of bears so keep your shirt on." I teased. He wasn't hairy at all but he always made a big deal about taking his shirt off anyways.

"Fuck you." he smiled. "Let's roll over to Sarah's and get this show on the road!"

Sarah. One word to describe Sarah is uncomplicated. Sarah was also fun, laid back, and easy to be around. This made her a perfect addition to the trip and the fact that she filled a bikini in all the right places certainly wasn't a problem. She was also a hell of a wingman. Nothing tells woman you are fuckable more than a hot friend who is a girl. However our main issue would likely be keeping other male campers off her. But that was entertaining in its own way too as she was more than capable of fending off advances. But our mock-chivalry always made her laugh so we played the fools. She is that kind of girl. Makes you foolish with a grin. She often got us into trouble when we were out but she had yet to go camping with us. This was her first trip with John and myself.

She was ready when we pulled up, hauling a massive framed backpack and about ten grocery bags of food and alcohol.

"Hey guys!" Sarah said, carrying everything down the last few steps from her front door. She was about 5'7" with her long brown hair done up in a ponytail. She had on a pair of tight cargo shorts and a university t-shirt. John and I got out and helped pack everything into the back. After that was done she immediately jumped on John and put him into a ridiculous headlock trying to climb on his back.

"So this camping spot is a good one right?" she said panting, looking at me as they wrestled around until John just put her over his shoulder and patted her on the ass a few times, holding her there.

"Don't ask me, ask him. He picked it. You get to ride in the back!" John said as upended her into the box of the truck amongst the sleeping bags, and supplies.

"Jerk!" she said as she climbed to the edge of the box liner, crossing her forearms. "So this is a good camping ground right? No swamps?"

I moved around a few grocery bags to make sure that things were well situated for the drive and looked over at her.

"It's on an island in the Admiralty Islands of the St Lawrence. It's called Beaurivage. It's a great campsite. It's right on the water and right near a dock. My parent's boat will get us out there and back, we can even do some water-skiing if we feel like it" I said.

She climbed out of the back of the truck, putting her hand on my shoulder for balance. I always got shivers when she touched me but I pushed that down deep where all such feelings normally go, to join the ones about hot teachers and naughty nuns. Forbidden fruit.

Climbing back into the cab of the truck we were all stuffed onto the bench seat. But it was a big truck and we were reasonably comfortable. Sarah got the "hump" much to our amusement. John said it was so he could see out the rear view as she was shorter but I was the same height as her so it was an obvious lie. He always flirted outrageously with Sarah and she flirted back. They were very entertaining.

A few short minutes later we pulled out onto the highway to begin the four-hour trip to where my parent's kept their boat.

Because I could sleep anywhere I dozed off shortly into the drive as Sarah and John chatted. Knowing these two the next few nights were going to be long and I would need it. When I awoke I was leaning against the inside of the truck door and Sarah was lying with her head on my shoulder. John was stoically driving on as it wasn't a long drive but a full day of work takes a lot out of a guy and he was bolstering himself with a can of lukewarm Coke from the glove box.

"Hey man, want a swig?" he asked.

I shook my head. "I can wait until we get there. When did we lose her?" I said indicating Sarah's headed nested on my shoulder. I didn't want to move. It felt comfortable; despite the seatbelt jamming into my back and the fact that her warmth added to the hot sun through the window had me sweating like crazy.

"About 10 minutes after you did. No stamina, either of you." he grinned, watching the road.

Looking out the window I could see that we were almost there. My parent's boat was down at the local marina and it was literally minutes from the highway, that's how small the town was.

Pulling through the parking lot we found a spot and I sat up slightly, causing Sarah to start awake.

"We're here, lady. Time to hit the river." I said, squeezing her knee.

I paid our fees to the Canada Parks Officer before heading over to the boat. Meanwhile John and Sarah had already moved all the stuff over from the truck and it was sitting on the dock beside the boat. Going on board I packed away the tunnel covers and put the top down. The boat was about 17' long, a nice little inboard/outboard pleasure craft. My parent's let me use it on weekends when they weren't. Since they were getting on in years they used it less and less, much to my happy weekend planning. John grabbed ice for our coolers and if necessary we could always come back into town for more.

Once we had the gear stowed, I took us out. It was around 9PM and the sun was still up so we had plenty of time to hit the island. Besides I knew this part of the St Lawrence like the proverbial back of my hand having spent a lot of time out here as a kid.

We left the breakwater at a leisurely pace, not wanting to set up any wakes but once outside I told everyone to sit down so I could really get us moving. 

The first few seconds were exhilarating with the nose bouncing on the waves, the roar of the engine and the splashing spray hitting us as I pushed the throttle forward trying to bring us up on plane. The chop lessened as we gained speed until we were moving at around 40-50km/h, just skimming the wave tops. It was hard to talk with the wind whipping past but it was a lot of fun. 

John and Sarah took turns standing with me, looking out over the windshield, wind and spray in our faces as we snaked in and out amongst the islands through the Wanderer's Channel. The green blue water of the St Lawrence was starting to darken as the sun went down.

Sarah eventually sat down in one of the jump seats at the back of the boat and put her legs up on the runabout seat in front of her. Her ponytail was flying out the back but she had a big grin on her face as she sat there comfortably with her sunglasses on.

I looked over at John and nodded, smiling.

As if rehearsed we began to push up and down with our legs as we drove, causing the boat to move up and down in the water.

This being Sarah's first trip out in the boat we were doing what was called "wave ramping". The boat is on plane, meaning that it is moving along the water and the wave troughs aren't wide enough to cause anything more than a ripple, giving a smooth ride. But the waves are still there and if you have enough weight pushing down and up simultaneously you can force the boat to "ramp" and catch a bit of a jump, even at high speeds. So with our combined weight pushing the boat down into the water it wasn't long before we caught a wave big enough for us to catch some air. Just enough that that it caused Sarah to be lifted from her seat a bit, making her squeal. This immediately set John and I to laughing as she straightened herself and glared at us over her sunglasses.

What she yelled at us was lost in the wind but it couldn't have been flattering.

About 15 minutes after leaving the dock, with the sun just starting to go down over the islands I brought us into the dock for our camping space. We tied up and unloaded our gear up the hill where John and I quickly set up the four-man (or in this case 2 men and 1 woman) tent. It was a breeze; we had a lot of practice. Our campsite was just back from the shore and had a commanding view of the river and the nearby Endymion and Mermaid Islands. One was an ecological preserve and the other was a great place to take pictures as it had some really interesting glacial rock formations. The rock shore near our site was about 10' off the water and you could sit comfortably and swing your feet if you wanted.

We made a quick dinner of hotdogs on the portable Coleman stove. Always eat your meats first, my dad used to say. Since all we had brought were steaks, hamburgers and hotdogs, it was an easy feed. Pulling out the camp loungers we all sat back and ate our dinner while we watched the last of the sun go down behind the island. The lapping of the waves and the occasional sounds of boats in the distance was soothing and a far cry from the busy cityscape we normally lived in. We sat in silence. We could just make out the glow of my hometown in the distance but it was muted and did little to blur the stars above us.

John, our resident pyromaniac, helped Sarah build a campfire in the rock pit and soon we had a cheery blaze going. The smoke helped keep the mosquitoes down too. Thankfully out here the river moves well so they don't get as many. I handed out the beers as Sarah sat on the ground in front of John poking the fire with a stick while John leaned back in his chair looking up at the starry sky.

"Well, this is it. What do you think, kids?" I said, settling down in my own camp chair where I could see them and not get smoke in my face.

"It's beautiful, man," John said, taking a long pull from his beer. "Good choice."

"Yeah, it's hard to describe. We don't see stars like this back home. Thanks for inviting me." Sarah said wistfully as she leaned back against John's legs, craning her head back and looked up at him, then over at me.

I nodded with a smile.

John reached down and tousled her hair and poked her ear, causing her to shy away.

"No problem, glad to have you. Just don't be groping me in the tent tonight, its bad enough with him trying to spoon me." John said gesturing towards me and I laughed.

"Shut up about that, it was just one time and I was dreaming about your mom." I said but the thought of sleeping in the same tent with Sarah certainly had me pitching a tent of my own in short order. Crass I know, but accurate.

It was a harmless fantasy that had me just closing my eyes and thinking about it for a few minutes. Naughty nuns were one thing but actually having her in the tent, wearing little more than panties and a long shirt (if that) were very interesting. I would just have to be sure to sleep far enough away.

Far away was where I was when 130lbs of girl landed in my lap with a cheerful "Save me from the bad man!" Sarah was always a bit of a ninja and she had come over and plopped herself down before I could move. I gave out a choked sound as she settled down and I tried not to drop my beer.

She stopped for a second with a funny look on her face that became a big grin. I groaned internally. She could probably feel my hard on through my shorts pressing against her. I fully expected her to tease me, especially after the earlier comment about John's mom who is a blustery woman of 60. But instead she leaned forward to set her beer on the ground. Perched as she was in my lap this only served to press her harder against me. She then curled up in my lap, putting her arms around me and played with my ear as she lounged against my chest. I am about 195lbs and in fair shape but I was a little uncomfortable with her so close, really conscious of that "spare tire" but all I could do was take a deep breath and relax as best I could and pray that I lost my erection.

"How do you know that I won't be groping you John? Why is it always the guys that are the gropers? How do you know that I won't be bad myself?" she said smugly.

John just looked at her for a half a second and then shrugged his shoulders. His smile was visible by the firelight. After a few minutes of teasing my ears Sarah gave me a peck on the cheek and started to get up. Her hand brushed lightly along my thigh very close to my crotch. It could have been a mistake but she really hammed it up with lots of complaining about being old and not able to balance. So I slapped her once on the ass as she got away from me, causing her to squeak.

"Ouch, Mr. Slappy! Any harder and you are grounded!" she said rubbing the offended cheek with a laugh. I just adjusted myself as surreptitiously as I could. No sense advertising my arousal to John. He certainly wouldn't pass up the opportunity to tease me.

A couple minutes later Sarah came back with a handful of beers and dispensed them. Since I wasn't done with my last she just placed it between my legs with a knowing smile. 

I mouthed the word "Thanks" in a sarcastic way to her and I'm not sure if she saw it or not but she just kept on smiling.

We had purposefully brought the long reclining loungers so we could all be as comfortable as possible. She had put on a fleece jacket while getting the drinks, but her legs were open to the elements, and she had goose bumps from the slightly cool night air. She flopped down in her chair again right next to John's and stretched out. We had each had better than a half dozen beers each by this point and were well on our way to a serious bender.

"I wonder if we will see anyone else on the island tomorrow?" she said. I was certain we would and said as much. "There are seven campgrounds on the island and about 30 picnic spots. No doubt this place will be hopping. Why? You planning to pick up a local boy?"

She just grinned.

"Don't I always?"

John yawned really loudly about then and stretched his arms over his head. He then reached out and rubbed Sarah's neck with his one hand. "Soon it will be time to sleep folks. We want to get an early start tomorrow so we can get some fun in." he said as he caressed the nape where her ponytail met her neck. That was one way to get her purring. John had magic fingers to hear the girl's he went with. I didn't know myself. I kept our action strictly to the occasional slap on the ass during sporting events.

He patted the chair in front of him and Sarah made a squeak of joy as she jumped over to his chair, pulling the fleece top's zipper down to give him more access to her neck and shoulders. His strong fingers rubbed at the sides of her neck and she arched it forward so he could get his hands around it. He would press down against her shoulders with his thumbs and roll them around on the knots of muscles she always had there. This was an old routine that we all enjoyed. John loved to touch her and she loved to be touched. I was content just to watch my two best friends. She had parked herself between his legs with her legs crossed and leaning forward. He was pressed up against her back slightly as his hands worked. He liked to press down from above; he said it helped his hands keep from getting tired. 

John stroked Sarah's neck and shoulders for about 15 minutes before he grabbed her ponytail with one hand and pulled her back against him strongly. She gave out a hiss of what might have been surprise but the moan that followed was anything but. He kissed her on the shoulder once wetly and let her go. She seemed surprised by her own reaction and might have been blushing but I couldn't tell from the firelight. John made to sit up and sort of pushed her forward until she was sitting on the end of the lounge chair giving him enough room to get up.

"Where's the restrooms around here, man?" he said peering into the dark.

"Follow the path to the left, take the flashlight. There are portables there all summer long. Don't fall in there might be raccoons." I called as he stumbled off.

As Sarah and I sat there she lay back on John's chair and was staring into the sky, the crackle of the fire and the occasional pop of burning sap was all the sound we made.

"Almost time for bed I think." I said, sounding nonchalant. "We can put the fire out as soon as John gets back" I got up with a grunt and moved to the bucket of water I had prepared just for this, bringing it closer to the fire. "Why don't you go in first Sarah, that will give you time to get ready before we come in."

"Ooh. Mr. Modesty. I am pretty sure you have seen all I have at some point I think maybe you should go in first. To check for spiders!" she scrunched up her face as she lifted her head up to look over at me.

John came stumbling back, cursing slightly at the treacherous path. "Okay folks, that's it for me. I will have my pancakes with blueberries and a nice rasher of bacon -- crisp." He moved over towards the tent and we could hear the zipper in the dark as he climbed inside. We could just make out his flashlight as he searched through his stuff and laid out his sleeping bag. I put out the fire with the bucket of water with gouts of smoke and hissing steam while Sarah picked up the beer bottles and threw them back into the cooler.

"Good night" she said, coming over to give me a hug goodnight. I kissed her on the neck as always but the hug lasted just a little longer than usual this time. She must really be tired. I ventured a kiss on her cheek and she returned one on my lips. Just a soft butterfly of a kiss but it was more than I was expecting. "Good night" she said again softly as she moved through the dark towards the tent. Moments later I heard the zipper again, followed shortly thereafter by a gale of laughter from both of them and some quiet conversation.

I moved my chair a little closer to the rocks and lay back down with the last of my beer. The stars were bright in the sky and it really reminded me of some of the best times of my life out amongst these islands. Before I knew it I was asleep in the lounger.

Waking with a start I felt Sarah's hand on my arm. She was wrapped entirely in her sleeping bag and was shaking me gently. It was the very middle of the night and the moon was set so it was pitch dark.

"You coming into the tent?" she whispered. Having been startled awake through no fault of hers I wasn't sure I could sleep immediately so I shook my head. "Nah, just going to stay out here for a bit longer."
