 My name is Susan. I’m 21. I’m slim, with long blonde hair. For those that want more details I have small breasts and am told I’m very attractive to beautiful. It depends on who is doing the telling. 

After the mysterious encounter at the waterfall with the woman who I only knew as ‘X’, I decided that I had to know more. My boyfriend felt the same. We had never become involved in anything other than one to one meetings. Our meeting with her had changed that. He was hungry for more, and while we were both very confused over it, we both know enough to know we wanted to meet her again. 

The only clue I had was that she said she was staying in a nearby hotel. I knew one of the maids there, a school friend. After talking with my boyfriend it was agreed that I would go there alone, see what I could find out. We also agreed on one other thing. That two-timing didn’t count provided she was around. It was a difficult decision, but we both felt that things were happening that were barely under our control. We promised to be honest with each other, and that this was ‘time-out’. 

She was easier to trace then I though. My friend, Anna knew of her straight away. Her name was Xenia. She had been there a few days and was booked in for at least two more weeks. 

At the desk I asked to call her room and they put me through. She answered. I suppose she was waiting for me. She didn’t seem surprised. I was told to wait at the bar.

She appeared a few minutes later wearing a long flowing black dress, bare at the back, low at the front. She looked like she had stepped out of the pages of a magazine. She was tall and graceful; her smile sparkled. She walked up to me and kissed my cheek. 

“I thought you would come. Is your boyfriend with you?”

I shook my head.

“Never mind. I’m about to take a ride in the country, see an old friend. I’m sure he’d like you.” She

smile and touched my arm, “You will come won’t you?”

“I don’t know.”

She pouted her lips, then smiled again, “Please.”

I looked around the bar, sighed, “Ok, just for the ride.” I wanted to talk to this woman, ask her things, and already she was treating me like I was part of her plans. I felt uneasy. But I felt something else too. I felt a sense of mystery. A sense of wonder. And most of all, whatever was about to happen; I didn’t want to miss out on it.

We drove through the darkened countryside. She spoke little and not about herself. I tried to ask questions but she managed to avoid answering them with anything but the vaguest of answers. I couldn’t help liking her even though I was angry that I wasn’t finding anything out. Finally we pulled in through some heavy gates and drove up to a large country house. It was like a mansion, set back in long dark and unseen gardens, just the darkened trees showing against the midnight blue sky.

We parked and stepped out. She walked ahead but halfway towards the door she spun round at me. “Now remember Sue,” she said, “You can watch, or you can join in. It’s up to you. Do what you feel happy with.”

“I want to know what’s going to happen.”

She laughed, “And spoil the surprise?” She saw my worried face. “Nothing will happen to you if you don’t want. I promise.”

What would you have done? Walked away I guess. Maybe I should have. But I couldn’t believe she would do me harm. So throwing away all I had leaned in my life, I followed her to the door.

A man opened it as we stepped up. He was a butler, in his late forties. We were asked in. He referred to Xenia as Miss Xenia. Well at least we were expected. 

We were shown into a large room with a huge fireplace and various dark wood furnishing. It was the stuff that you see in period films. There was a very large settee in the middle in front of which was a large fur rug. On the settee sat a man, dressed in a three-piece suit. He looked about forty too. He had that distinguished look about him, the sort that good living and lots of money usually allows. He also was fairly attractive. I could see that at 16 I would have had a crush on someone that looked like this. He waved us in. Took a long look at me.

I felt out of place. I was wearing blue jeans and a blouse. 

He smiled, “Ah this is the young treasure you were talking about.” I glanced at Xenia but he went on, “Xenia told me she had met a delightful young lady who she had got into conversation with. She said she thought you broad minded enough to come with her tonight.”

I shugged, “That depends.”

He nodded, “Naturally.”

We sat down and the butler brought us drinks. For a while we talked all kinds of things, small talk mostly. Suddenly he simply looked at Xenia and asked if she was ‘ready’. She said she was.

“Then kneel on the floor please.”

Xenia got up off her chair and walked over to the rug. Then she knelt down and leaned forward until she was on all fours, sideways on to us. She just stared ahead.

He nodded at the butler who then walked up and stood behind her. I gasped as he undid his fly and pulled out his cock. It was large and thick, with a big head on it. He simply knelt down behind her, lifted her dress up over her hips and then pushed against her quickly. She gasped out loud as no doubt his cock slipped straight in. I just sat there, mouth and eyes wide open. 

He then proceeded to hold her by the hips and started to just fuck her, no other word will do, that’s what he did. He slammed in to her again and again. Her head lolled right back, her eyes tightly shut, her mouth open, crying the sweetest cries. 

The man sat there and watched, sipping his brandy. “Do you object?” he asked suddenly.

“No,” I said, “I don’t.”

He patted the settee next to himself, “Would you like to sit here?”

I wasn’t sure if I wanted to, but then on impulse got up and walked over. Sitting down he put his arm around my shoulders. I sat there, watching. He did the same for several minutes. Glancing down at his lap I could see his cock was hard inside his trousers. Meanwhile on the rug Xenia was still kneeling, with the butler thrusting long hard strokes into her from behind. Her bottom shook each time his tummy and waist slammed into her. She seemed quite content. 

Suddenly the man asked simply, “Would you mind if I undid my trousers?”

I couldn’t even look at him, “No.”

With his free hand he unbuttoned his fly, revealing his bare cock, standing hard and proud. It was about 7 inches long, and I could see a drop of pre cum on the head. I knew what he wanted me to do. I waited for nearly a minute before slipping my hand over to it, then first with my fingers, and then with my whole hand I took hold of it. I gently moved my hand up and down, holding the shaft tightly. He continued to watch Xenia. I felt his arm slide down from my shoulder and he traced his fingers back and forth along the swell of my breast within my blouse. 

“You are very beautiful,” he said, “But I think you would look even better naked.”

I stood up. Undid my blouse, then let it fall over my arms onto the floor. Standing in front of him I unzipped my jeans and slid them down, bending low so he could see down the front of my bra, see my breasts confined within there. He raised his hand and gestured at the bra. Staring straight at him I reached behind my back and undid the clasp. I held the cups to my breasts for a second, not certain, then let go; the bra fell to the floor in front of me. I then hooked my fingers into my panties and tugged them down. Stepping out of them I sat down on the floor with my back to the settee, next to his leg. Xenia had turned her head to look at me and smiled. 

Half turning I rested my arms on his leg and stared straight at his cock. I knew I wanted it. I knew I wanted to suck it and lick it. I knew I was lost. I craned my neck and reached the top of his cock with my lips. I rubbed them around the head and then opened my mouth and stuck my tongue out which I then swirled around his cockhead. He watched me intently. I could taste the pre cum that had built up. Once his head was all wet I slid my lips down, running over the rim until they reached a way down his shaft. I felt the head of his cock in my mouth, brushing the roof. I began to bob my head up and down on the shaft keeping my lips tightly wrapped over it. 

I felt something warm touch me between the legs. I spun round to see Xenia who had crawled over with the butler still very much attached. Somehow she had managed to get all her clothes off, and was completely naked. Her face was pushing against me and I could feel her tongue licking along my pussy. I went back to sucking the cock in front of me. I felt hands gently hold my head, caressing my hair, touching my neck and running around to my throat. 

Without any warning whatsoever, I suddenly felt his cum shooting into my mouth. I stared up and he was simply watching me intently still, as if nothing was happening. The first shot threw me, it suddenly filled my mouth from nowhere and I had no choice but to swallow as quick as I could. He then shot two more loads, both less then the first. They swirled around my mouth; some leaking out the corners as my mouth maintained it’s up and down movement. Then I felt his cock pull back a bit before jerking upwards and another shot of cum spilled out into my mouth. 

I pulled my lips back over his shaft, letting the cum flow out around the corners of my mouth and run down his cock. I looked down at the head, all covered by cum, wads of it, thick and creamy, running down the sides, matting into his hair. I licked at the head, pushing the cum with my tongue over the head so it ran down the sides. Then I just rested my cheek on the pool of cum on his belly while Xenia continued to give my pussy long hard licks along its length. I could feel the cum against my cheek, still warm and sticky and very wet. Xenia’s tongue was driving into me a bit. It was having the desired effect. I twisted my head burying my mouth into the man’s belly, half biting him; half-moaning as I felt myself build up. I hadn’t realised how close I was and suddenly it was there. I howled like a wolf. Xenia held my hips while her tongue danced inside my pussy as I shuddered and shook to a climax like few others I had experienced. 

Xenia smiled at me. Then turned to face the butler who was now standing behind her head. Straight away she took his cock into her mouth and with one hand squeezing his balls started to suck at it. I slipped down behind her and cupped her breasts from behind in my hands. I began to roll the nipples between my fingers and gently bite into the side of her neck, licking and teasing with my tongue. Her long black hair hung down. I could see in every detail the large cock of the butler as it slid between her lips. I watched as her fingers played with his balls, pushing them around within the sack that hung low. By now the butler was steadying himself with his hands on her head. I guessed he was close to. 

Mauling her breasts I bit hard into the side of her neck. I heard her moan. The man behind me got off the settee and knelt next to me. He slipped his hand down under her bottom and between her legs. She jerked slightly as his fingers started to do their magic. 

Something splashed my forehead. I pulled back only to see the butler’s cock shooting spurts of thick cum directly into Xenia’s face, splashing all over her nose and cheeks and lips, which she was keeping closed. The butler came over and over, wads of cum landing all over her face, dripping down her cheeks, running off her chin, seaming over her lips, hanging off her face and dripping down on to her breasts and my hands. 

She started to cum suddenly. She moaned and jutted her head forward, engulfing the butler’s now half limp cum covered cock in her mouth. She pushed straight down to his crotch, the hair around his balls pushing into her face, his balls against her chin. Her eyes were tightly closed and she moaned over and over. I mauled hard at her breasts, biting and licking her neck. The man’s arm was moving really quickly, almost like he was fucking her with his fingers. 

Finally she released the butler’s cock and slumped forward. I let go and the man withdrew his hand. The butler zipped himself up and marched out of the room with a “I trust that will be all, sir.”

We were led outside into the hallway and up the large staircase. Opening a door the man showed us into a huge bathroom. Along one side was a wall of mirrors. At the end of the room was a large bath, large enough to get several people in. Someone had already filled it and added several gallons of bubble bath by the look of all the bubbles floating around. 

Xenia hopped in and sat down with her back to the door. I followed her, sitting down, finding that the water was actually not very deep. The man undressed quickly and then got in behind me.

“Now I want you on all fours Susan,” he told me. “Facing Xenia.”

I did as I was told. Taking up the soap he soon had a creamy lather in his hands. He then began to slowly work this into my bottom and hips with both his hands. It felt lovely. He massaged my bottom and hips, then worked his way along my back. I could feel him kneeling behind me and sometimes his cock rubbed against my bottom. It was semi-hard. In front of me Xenia moved closer, her face near mine. She opened her mouth a little; I craned forward and stuck my tongue out. She did the same and our tongues played in mid-air with each other. It felt warm and soft unlike a man’s tongue. Her mouth closed over mine and my tongue licked around inside her mouth.

Then pulled back a bit she knelt up and offered me one of her breasts. I closed my lips over the nipple, licking and sucking at it, drawing it into my mouth, pulling away and then releasing it, watching her breast shake and quiver each time I did that. Meanwhile the man’s hands had started to rub the creamy soap into my sides. I felt his hands close to my small breasts hanging down. His fingertips first brushed the sides until he moved his palms onto them. It felt so sexy has his hands roamed and slipped over my breasts. I could feel the creamy lather being massaged into my skin. My nipples by now were rock hard. 

Then cupping both my breasts he moved his hips against me and I felt his cock slip into my pussy. It felt so natural and easy, like in all the films, but hardly ever in real life. He began to thrust in and out of me ever so slowly and gently. I felt the water lapping at the back of my legs, and his waist bump into my bottom with every thrust. My teeth sunk into Xenia’s breast, pulling and chewing at her nipples. Her hands were holding my head to her. The man’s hands were cupping and squeezing my breasts. 

I started to push my hips back into his groin, gently grinding against him as he thrust into me. His fingers trapped my nipples between them, squeezing them as he continued to thrust his cock into me. I started to lick at Xenia’s breasts, then raised my head to kiss her open mouth. Our tongues played duelling with each other. 

Suddenly I realised the bathroom door opened. In walked a boy, he couldn’t have been more then 16 years old. He had a robe on which he let slip from his shoulders. I just stared over Xenia’s shoulder at him. He was beautiful. He was slim with such smooth skin. There was nearly no hair on him. His legs were smooth, his tummy and chest were. There was some blonde hairs around his cock and balls, and other than his head, covered in long blonde hair, he was totally smooth. 

Xenia moved to the corner of the bath. The boy walked up and simply stepped in in front of me. He then sat on the edge of the bath. I stared at his smooth legs, I just knew I could eat this boy alive. He looked so pure, so innocent. I reached for the side of the bath and held on to his hips. Craning my head forward I begun to lick up the inside of his legs…sometimes biting the soft skin gently. He stayed still just watching me. I worked my way up along his leg until I got to the smooth ball sack. I began to lick that up and down. There was nothing I wouldn’t do for this boy. I licked all around his balls and then traced a line up along his cock until I got to the head. My lips slid over and engulfed it in my warm mouth, my tongue swirling around the head. 

Behind the man continued to fuck me slowly, his hands squeezing and massaging my breasts. Xenia was kneeling next to the man, kissing his chest and licking at his nipples. It looked so exciting in the mirror on the side. The boy’s cock was rock hard and was actually throbbing in my mouth. I slid my lips down the shaft as far as I could, pulled back and licked the head and then slid down again. I wanted this cock so much in side of my mouth and even in my throat. I didn’t know how to deep throat but this was the first time I had ever wanted to. I took him as deep as I could but it wasn’t comfortable and I felt I might gag. So I contented myself with sliding my lips back and forth over this lovely cock while my hands moved under his bottom, cupping the cheeks and pulling his groin nearer to my face.

His cock throbbed and then suddenly seemed to expand at the head. Within seconds he was pumping his cum into my mouth. I swallowed as quickly as I could. There was so much of it, really thick and creamy. I let some of it stay in my mouth swirling around his still pumping cockhead. He must have pumped about six wads into my mouth until his cock became still. I wasn’t letting go and continued to suck and lick at it, playing with the cockhead as it started to grow small in my cum filled mouth. Finally I let it slide out of my mouth. He looked down at me. I opened my mouth so he could see the cum still there coating my teeth and tongue, then I leaned my head back and swallowed it all. I showed him my empty mouth. He smiled and kissed the tip of my nose. 

Behind me the man stopped thrusting into me and pulled his cock out. With one hand on my hips and the other wanking his cock he started to spray my back with shots of warm sticky cum. I watched it all in the mirror. Xenia licked and chewed at his chest while his cock spurted in front of him. I felt the cum land on my back in long stringy threads, warm and sticky.

Finally he sat back in the bath. Xenia kneeled up and smiled at me. I rolled over letting the warm soapy water wash the cum off me. The boy remained where he was, watching us all with a smile on his face. 

After leaving the bathroom we went back down to the main room where tea, coffee, biscuits and cakes awaited us. We sat around, dressed in bathrobes, eating, drinking and talking. Xenia had known Andrew, (he finally introduced himself), for several years and it appears that she came to stay at the hotel once a year for the express purpose of visiting him. He paid for the entire trip. Apparently it was ‘inconvenient’ for her to stay the whole time. However he announced with a smile, ‘we both could stay tonight if we wished.’

Xenia looked at me. “So…”

I smiled, “I’ll have to make a phone call, but other then that, I don’t have any objections.”

We lounged around chatting and Xenia asked Andrew to call the butler in. He did and a minute later the butler entered the room. “You rang Sir?”

“Could you walk over here please?” Xenia asked him.

He went over to her and stood in front of her. She leaned forward in her chair and undid his trousers fishing out his soft cock. Her lips engulfed it in one go and she started to suck hard at it. I could see the way her head started to move up that in her mouth his cock was getting hard. Other than that he stayed impassive. Simply staring ahead. Her hands meanwhile were tugging his trousers and underpants down. She wrapped her hands around his bottom, cupping the cheeks and then started to push and pull his hips so that his cock was thrusting in to her mouth.

It seemed silly to carry on talking to Andrew so we both sat there and watched. His hand slid into my robe and I felt his fingers brush my nipple gently, circling around and around it.
