 By SueLove58 © 2009

I woke up wondering where I was, with a wonderful dream running through my brain. Then I realised that it wasn't a dream. I had really walked on Lisa and a new lover, watched them making out and masturbated in front of them!

This weekend had originally been planned to improve Lisa's spirits. That part of it definitely seemed to be a success and I had also discovered new things about myself.

I was slightly surprised, though, that Lisa had found a new lover so quickly, yet I had not been approached.

I got up off the bed and removed my clothes. On removing my skirt I realised that I didn't have my panties on. I blushed as I remembered kicking them off in Lisa's room. I removed my bra and stood in front of the mirror on the wardrobe door. 

My dark-brown hair fell just to my shoulders with a feathered fringe. My boobs were quite rounded, firm, topped with large dark nipples. My nipples were partially erect. My waist flared nicely into shapely hips and my bum looked (to me) the right size for my figure. Yes, I was happy with my body. Perhaps I would make more of an effort this evening and see if I could attract a 'victim'.

A knock on my door interrupted my thoughts, and it was followed by a "Hi, Sue." in Lisa's very cheerful voice. "Can I come in?"

I walked to the door and opened it. Lisa's eyes opened wide briefly and I looked down and realised that I was still naked. My hands instinctively moved to cover my breasts and pussy but Lisa said "A bit late for that don't you think?" as she smiled and walked into my room. I quickly closed the door behind her

"I hope you don't feel weird about earlier this afternoon." Lisa said, sensing my discomfort. "I have to admit that I did earlier but now I'm over it. The fact that you watched us fuck and we watched you bring yourself off isn't something to be ashamed of. In fact, it was fun. Joe thinks so too."

"You must have been reading my mind," I laughed. "I was hoping that when we saw each other we'd be okay. And it's the second time I've watched you. Remember last evening too."

"Does last night count as one or two watches given there were two of them?" Lisa asked, again with a little smile on her face. 

"Well, it appears you are at least two watching sessions up on me. You'll have to tell me about how it feels to do that. Or, perhaps, we'll have to fix you up tonight and I'll do the watching!"

I just smiled at her, thinking that we were at least agreed on arranging some fun for me tonight.

"Yes. I need a good time tonight. I'm happy that you've had a good time or two but a nice stiff cock like Joe's or his friend's would certainly top the weekend off."

Lisa clicked her fingers and said "I've got an idea. I think you'll enjoy what I have in mind but if you have any sort of a problem with it just say so." With that she grabbed my hand, opened my hotel room door and dragged me next door to her room.

When we entered her room I saw Joe was still there. He was lying naked on the bed. His eyes were closed but there was a smile on his face. Lisa coughed and he opened his eyes. When he saw me his cock jumped and his smile increased.

Lisa leaned down to give him a friendly kiss, during which he reached up to tweak her nipples.

"You remember Sue, don't you, Joe?" Lisa said, running her hand over his growing cock.

I suddenly realised where she was going with this, especially when she said "I've brought her to join us in some fun and games. You don't mind, do you?"

"Of course not," he replied quickly. "The more the merrier. In fact, I was just getting some new ideas for things we could do."

I was thinking about turning around and walking out in "protest" at just being dragged in when we had never discussed anything like this in the past but a heat was already developing in my body. 

Lisa crawled onto the bed, letting Joe pull her into his arms, and planted her moist red lips over his mouth. She slithered her tongue into his mouth and let him suck on it greedily before swirling it around in his mouth. Finally, Lisa broke away from Joe and motioned me onto the bed. Cautiously, I climbed into the crook of Joe's other arm and cuddled against his slightly hairy chest.

I wanted to start slowly so, using my fingers, I scratched Joe's chest lightly. I flicked my fingernails across the his tiny nipples. Then I leant over his chest and flicked my tongue over the small bud, coating it with my saliva. Joe lightly pushed at the back of my head to keep my lips locked around his rosy nipple.

I opened my eyes to see Lisa remove her dress as she watched me play with her new lover.

Leaving me to take care of Joe's upper body, Lisa nuzzled her nose in his pubic hair, breathing in the musky aroma of his crotch. She nibbled at the insides of his legs and licked her way down the insides of his thigh.

We both watched Joe's cock rise from his curly-haired crotch and point up at the ceiling. I stared at it in fascination, wondering how Lisa ever managed to get the whole thing into her mouth.

"This cock seems to get bigger each time we fuck!" Lisa said as she lowered her head to it and licked her tongue across its velvety cockhead.

"I can't help it," Joe replied. "It's the way you tease me that does it!"

I stopped sucking Joe's nipples to watch Lisa. 

As both Joe and I watched, Lisa sucked the knob of Joe's cock into her mouth. She began sliding Joe's cock into her mouth inch by inch. This was the closest I had been to it and watching Lisa work her way down Joe's cock sent a twinge all the way to my pussy.

"That's it, suck it all down!" Joe urged Lisa when she was about halfway down his cock-shaft.

"Mm!" Lisa sighed as she felt her lips brush against the hairs of Joe's crotch.

She pushed her mouth down the rest of the way and felt the tip of his prick bump against the back of her throat. She now she had all of Joe's cock in her mouth, and she caved in her cheeks and locked her lips around his cock-base.

"Lisa, I'm amazed you can do that!" I gasped. "Even though I saw you do it earlier, I was sure you wouldn't be able to take him all in your mouth!"

Lisa gurgled in response and immediately began sliding her warm, wet lips up along the shaft of Joe's cock. Now that she had swallowed all of his prick, her cock-sucking began in earnest. She slid her mouth up and down along his shaft in long, even strokes.

"Oh, yes, that's it! That's what I like!" Joe groaned happily. "Just keep sucking me like that while Sue and I get into it up here!"

Joe pulled my face up to his own and kissed me warmly. All the inhibitions I felt were lost the minute I felt Joe's mouth against mine. I relaxed in his arms and let myself go, giving myself up to the experience. I sucked greedily at his tongue and felt his strong hand moving down my shoulder to my chest.

"Ooh!" I heard myself sigh as Joe's hand closed over one of my tits.

I pressed closer to him and felt him squeeze my tit roughly. As Joe drilled his tongue rapidly in and out of my mouth, he alternately squeezed first one tit and then the other. 

I pulled away from him and sat up. When Joe was staring at me, I jiggled my tits enticingly and grinned lewdly.

"They're not on show just for you to stare at," I admonished Joe with a smile "How about sucking on them for a while? I like having my nipples sucked just as much as you do!"

Lying me down and rolling me onto my back, he nuzzled his face between my tits and licked the valley between them. He sucked at my flesh as he kissed and licked his way up the side of one tit until he came to my nipple. Flicking out his tongue, he darted it around the tiny bud.

"Come on, Joe, don't tease," I pleaded, taking my globe in my hand and shoving it to Joe's mouth. "Take my whole tit in your mouth and suck it right!"

Joe grasped a tit with one hand and pressed as much of it into his mouth as he could. With his mouth stuffed, he clamped his tongue down over my nipple and squeezed it against the roof of his mouth. I immediately sighed and arched my back.

I panted as I gave way and enjoyed the sensations surging from my nipple down to my pussy.

As Joe sucked and nibbled on my tits, I felt my pussy beginning to get hot and moist.

"Suck me more!" I hissed, holding Joe's head against my tits with one hand. I closed my eyes as my nipples stiffened in Joe's mouth. "I love it! Oh, God, I love how you suck my tits!"

"I love your tits, Sue!" Joe exclaimed, pulling his lips away from my nipple. "I could suck them all day long!"

"That's okay with me as long as you don't forget that mine need sucking too!" Lisa interjected, crawling up to Joe "You've been playing with her tits so much and now mine want equal time!"

I felt Joe's mouth leave my tit, exposing it to the chilled air in the room. I moaned as I watched Lisa press his flushed face against her tits and forced a stiff nipple into his mouth. Lisa sighed contentedly as she felt Joe suck her nipple between his lips and nip at it with his teeth.

Looking over at me, Lisa smiled and instinctively pinched one of my nipples. I was a bit shocked but given where we were I wasn't going to complain.

I lay back with my eyes closed to enjoy the way Lisa toyed with my nipples and caressed my tits. It was a totally different feeling from the way Joe had done it, much more gentle and loving.

"I don't know about you, Sue, but I think Joe's getting the best part of this deal," Lisa remarked, pulling her pert tit from his sucking mouth and getting to her knees. "He's gotten to suck both our tits and he's had his cock sucked, but our pussies haven't gotten any attention at all. I think it's time we got some satisfaction too, don't you?"

Before I could answer, Lisa detached herself from Joe, pushed my thighs apart and settled her face between my legs. I felt Lisa's hands rub lightly along the swollen lips of my pussy. I could feel my juices seeping from my slit. Lisa rubbed my lips and squeezed them together until they were lightly covered with my juices then I felt a warmness engulf them as she enclosed her mouth around them.

"Mm," Lisa murmured "What a sweet-tasting pussy you've got, Sue. It tastes so good, I could eat it ail day long!"

She lapped the tip of her tongue from the bottom of my slit slowly upwards. My hips flinched and Lisa repeated the teasing manoeuvre. Again my hips moved with her tongue. I couldn't control myself. I was trying to hump Lisa's tongue.

"I think she likes it Lisa," Joe said "Does it feel good, Sue? Do you like having Lisa eat your pussy?"

"Oh, yes, yes, I love it!" I moaned, grasping the crumpled sheets in my fists. "I just wish she'd stop teasing me and really eat me out hard! I want it hard and fast so I can cum!"

Lisa began licking my pussy in earnest. She pressed her lips against it and kissed it eagerly, making me grind myself against her face.

I felt Lisa's tongue slip between the folds of my slit and begin fucking in and out of my pussy. Grasping Lisa's head with both hands, I arched my pussy-mound upward to get more of her drilling tongue into me.

I felt an orgasm welling up deep inside me and began twisting and rubbing my pussy wantonly against Lisa's face. I cried out "Oh, God, I'm going to cum! Eat me, Lisa! Eat my cunt hard!"

Lisa's tongue pressed against my clit and rotated it in tiny circles. The intense pleasure against my sensitive bud swept me over the edge. I groaned loudly as I came. My legs shook violently as she pressed myself against Lisa's face.

Lisa continued tongue-fucking me as I writhed through her gut-wrenching orgasm. She pressed her mouth over my slit and stuffed her tongue deep into me. I felt her moan softly against my groin as she licked the juice from my well aroused pussy.

When Lisa finally pulled her face from between my thighs, it was smeared with cream and she had a mile-wide smile on her face.

"Oh, Jesus, that felt so good!" I panted, trying to get myself back under control. I was breathing heavily and my chest rose and fell with every breath. "Lisa, that was wonderful."

I was taken aback as Lisa laughed, licking her lips. "I love eating pussy, especially one that tastes as sweet as yours!" O whole other side of my friend was being revealed.

Lisa moved from between my legs so she was lying flat on her back and then spread her legs wide. She slid her hands down to her pussy and spread the thick lips of her cunt and exposed her own erect clit. Rubbing one finger along her crack she collected some of her own juices and massaged them over her clit. She moaned as pleasurable sensations swept through her body and I knew exactly what she was feeling.

"Now I want you to kiss my pussy," Lisa said, raising her head and looking directly at me "I like having my pussy eaten just as much as I like eating one."

"Wait a minute here," Joe interrupted quickly. "What about me? I've been sitting here with a hard-on while you two were enjoying each other and now you're going to ignore me again!"

"No, we won't," Lisa comforted him "You'll get yours in just a minute. Just trust me."

I stared at Lisa's slit, my mind reeling with sexual images. I was looking forward to putting my mouth over Lisa's inviting pussy. I wanted to suck and lick Lisa's pussy as well as she had licked mine.

I saw that Lisa's pussy-lips were covered with moisture and glistened invitingly. Stroking her pussy-lips lightly, I felt Lisa arch her hips up and try to shove her pussy against my hands. I tugged lightly at the folds of Lisa's lips, stretching them lewdly and making Lisa moan with pleasure.

"I like that, Sue," Lisa moaned as she watched me play with her pussy. "Pull lips like that and lick my pussy at the same time. That's what I really like. That's the best!"

I lowered my head to Lisa's pussy and brushed the tip of my tongue tentatively across her clit. I felt Lisa squirm and pressed my tongue more firmly against the small bud. I sucked it into my mouth and gently chewed it between my teeth as I continued pulling on Lisa's lips. I heard Lisa moan and groan with pleasure.

"That's perfect," Lisa mumbled. She pushed her pussy harder into my face. "Just don't stop. Eat my pussy and play with my lips. I love it!"

I licked my tongue up and down the length of Lisa's pussy, the taste of her exciting me incredibly. I lapped at Lisa's swollen lips and sucked each one into my mouth before drilling my tongue deep into the depths of Lisa's pussy. Lisa humped at my face.

Remembering what Lisa had done to me, I opened my lips and placed them over all of Lisa's pussy. I sucked at Lisa's pussy with abandon, drawing in mouthfuls of flesh and juice at the same time.

"Oh, God, that feels good!" Lisa moaned "But now I want more than just your mouth on my pussy. I want Joe's cock in me too!"

Lisa quickly got onto her knees and pushed me onto my back. She placed her knees either side of my head and bent forwards as she lowered her pussy onto my face. With a quick dip of her head she ran her tongue down my slit, causing me to jump in surprise, then I heard her say "Now you and I can eat each other while Joe fucks me!"

I could only mumble in reply as Lisa's pussy already covered my mouth. I put both hands on Lisa's firm bum and squeezed her cheeks together roughly as I gorged myself on my friend's pussy again. As I did that I felt Lisa's tongue drill into my pussy again.

Lisa lifted her mouth from my pussy and I heard her say "Now you can fuck me, Joe, but make it good because I haven't cum yet!"

Joe's legs appeared either side of my head too. I could just about make out that his hands were on her bum and he raised her pussy from my mouth. Then I had the strangest view I'd ever had. Looking upwards at Joe's balls with his cock sticking straight out.

"Why don't you guide it in for me, Sue?" Joe said.

I reached up and gasped Joe's hard prick. I moved it up and down Lisa's pouting lips then lodged his prick head against Lisa's entrance. When Joe's cock was firmly lodged between Lisa's lips, I let go and grabbed Lisa's thighs. "There, now fuck her silly!"

As I watched, Joe drilled the entire length of his cock into Lisa's pussy with one vicious thrust.

"Oh, fuck, yes!" Lisa screamed "Fuck me! Fuck me good!"

Joe began slamming his cock in and out of Lisa's pussy and Lisa squealed in response. She was no longer licking my pussy. Her face was against my mound, just working against my hair as she moved backwards and forwards with Joe's thrusts, bucking her hips back at him, forcing his long pole even deeper into her pussy.

"Oh, that's so fucking good!" Lisa moaned into my mound.

She was writhing around but somehow managed to clamp her mouth back over my pussy. She licked and sucked at my lips. I shrieked with pleasure when I felt Lisa's tongue drill into my slit and I grabbed her hips over Joe's hands. I continued to watch Joe's cock ploughing in and out of Lisa's dripping slit. I watched Lisa's slippery lips stretch and cling to Joe's cock on every stroke as his balls dangled heavily between his legs. Every time he slammed forward into Lisa's pussy, they banged wetly against her clit just inches above my face.

Raising my head a little, I was able to reach Joe's tight ball-sack with my tongue so I teased and licked the wrinkled skin. When Joe moaned, I opened her mouth wider and slowly sucked one of his balls into my mouth. I bathed it and let it slide from between my lips before sucking in the other one.

"Oh, yes, I love it!" Joe groaned hotly, driving his hard cock deeper into Lisa's cunt and fucking her with an intense fury I don't think I had ever seen before, especially not from this angle.

I moved my mouth from Joe's balls and placed the tip of my tongue against Lisa's dripping pussy, loving the taste of her juices as I lapped at it. Sticking my tongue straight out, I held it still to let Joe's thick cock glide over it. Each time he withdrew it from Lisa's pussy, I could taste the juice that clung to the underside of Joe's cock. I moved my head and tickled my tongue against the hood of Lisa's clit, driving the other woman to the brink of orgasm.

"Oh, fuck me! Fuck me, fuck mee!" Lisa cried, "I'm going to cum. Oh, God, I'm going to cum!"

The final word was followed by uncontrollable movement. I lost contact with her clit and Joe's cock as Lisa's climax swept over her. Her orgasm seemed to go through her endlessly and aftershocks rippled through her entire body.

"Oh, God, was that good!" Lisa sighed when she had finally recovered enough to speak again. "That was the best fuck I think I've ever had!"

I noticed that Joe hadn't cum yet. His cock was still hard and pre-cum dripped steadily from the tip. I turned to Lisa and, nodding towards Joe's cock, asked her "Would you mind?"

Lisa just smiled and said "Enjoy".

"Terrific," Joe responded eagerly as he watched me lie on my back and spread my thighs for him. "I'm itching to sample your pussy!"

"Well, it's all yours," I said, parting my lips with my fingertips. I smiled at Joe at said. "Put that cock of yours in here and let me see what you can do!"

My pussy itched expectantly as I watched him fit the tip of his cock into my slit. Droplets of pre-cum dripped oozed from the tip and the length of his shaft glistened with Lisa's juices as he inched his cock forward. When he had his prick deeply wedged between my lips, Joe bucked his hips forward, driving the whole length into me with one lunge. I gasped as his cock drove into me.

"Oh, Christ, yes!" I cried as Joe started thrusting into me. His prick felt so good inside my pussy I could hardly think straight.

Joe groaned loudly as my cunt-muscles enclosed his throbbing cock. I humped up at him, ensuring his cock fully penetrated me.

"Mm, fuck me!" I panted "You feel so good inside me!"

"Fuck me, Joe, fuck me!" I heard myself chanting "Fill me with your cock! Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me!"
