 First of all, thanks for taking the time to read this. Just some thoughts of mine about the possibilities that exist, not that any of this is real. Any constructive criticism is appreciated. Enjoy!

*

Knowing glances across the room. A smile as your eyes meet. A quiet hello as you pass in the hall. A flirtatious wink of the eye as you catch him watching you walk away. Innocent flirtation is how it all begins. So it did for Jack & Sara.

Jack had worked many years for the advertising agency which made its home on the top 5 floors of a major high rise along the lakeshore in Chicago and had seen numerous executives, both male and female, come and go. However, Jack had never seen anyone like Sara before. 

Sara carried herself with a professional confidence. She dressed sexy, yet tasteful and appropriate for the corporate world. Jack had noticed Sara immediately the first day she started working and he wasn't the only one. In the first month there, quite a few people and not just the men had hit on Sara, either. She was amazed by how many times some hot, young number would approach her in the woman's bathroom. Flattered as she was, she always turned them down. After all, this was work and she had to keep things professional.

During the first six months they worked together, Jack and Sara only saw each other occasionally, working on different floors in different departments, but when they did see each other, there were always smiles and pleasant hellos between them.

Sara loved Jack's dark eyes. He was a handsome man in his early 40's with slightly graying, dark brown hair. Jack wasn't tall, but was confident, both with his professional demeanor and as a sexual being. He kept himself fit, but wasn't a hard-core weight lifter, and Sara loved his wonderfully tight ass.

Sara was a beautiful brunette, late 30's with long shapely legs, a nice ass and voluptuous breasts. She was very smart and had made her way up the corporate ladder in a short period of time. Although she wasn't satisfied with her position in the agency, Sara was patient and would wait for her opportunity to move up. 

Sara and Jack began their flirtatious dance after Sara had been at the company for around 12 months. They shared small talk during presentations and occasionally discussed personal matters such as movies, music & sometimes even sex during some shared lunches. One afternoon in particular, Sara was sitting with some of her female co-workers at lunch while Jack sat across the room with a couple of the other VP's. She caught his eyes and directed him to look below the table. While sitting there eating and conversing with her friends, Sara, uncrossed and crossed her legs slowly a few times, inching her skirt up her thighs, until Jack could clearly make out her lacy white panties. Jack almost couldn't keep up his end of the conversation, being so distracted by Sara's thighs and panties. Laughing, she just winked at Jack and they went back to finish their lunches.

That afternoon, in the elevator Sara happened to be on her way up to Jack's floor to meet with a couple of the other executives, when Jack got on after her, gave a polite smile and hello and stood just in front of her on the ride up. More people got on the elevator and soon Jack stood slightly to the right, but still in front of Sara. With her heart beating loud enough she thought everyone would hear it, she slowly eased her right hand forward and cupped Jack's left cheek of his ass. Shocked by the touch on his ass, Jack covered his shock by coughing and glancing back and to his left, to see Sara smiling with a devilish grin and a wicked glint in her eyes. Jack didn't say a word, just continued to stand where he was and allow Sara to cop a feel. Sara didn't just quickly fondle his ass though, but slowly stroked his cheek, paying careful attention to not get noticed. Damn his ass felt fine, she thought, as the elevator finally arrived at their floor. Jack walked off and headed straight for his office, while Sara continued on to her meeting.

Sitting in his office, Jack couldn't believe Sara's actions. She was becoming very bold and he knew she was very sexually confident, one of the main reasons he was attracted to her. There is something intrinsically attractive about a sexually confident woman. As he sat there, he wondered how far she would be willing to go and to what end was she willing to play. Jack had to work this just right as he sat back and got his mind adjusted back to work.

It had been more than a week since Sara had grabbed Jack's ass in the elevator and shown him her panties and Jack and Sara had seen little of each other at work. Jack was one of the first on the elevator that morning and Sara gave him a cheerful "good morning" as she joined him and a handful of others on their way up to work. Sara turned and stood in front of Jack facing the elevator doors and as more people entered the elevator she was soon pressed up against him. 

As the elevator began its assent, Sara pushed herself backwards, resting her ass comfortably against Jack's groin. Jack looked around at the others in the elevator and not seeing anyone else notice, lowered his right hand to Sara's hip and pushed his hardening member further against her ass. Wow, he feels wonderful thought Sara as she began to get wet. Jack continued to push himself against her. There in the elevator with others around them, Sara slowly ground herself back and forth against Jack's hardness. Sara closed her eyes and leaned back further into Jack as his right hand continued to caress her hip and ass. Soon the elevator was at Sara's floor and she had to tear herself away from Jack and wind her way to the elevator doors. Jack moved his briefcase in front of him to hide his erection as the elevator continued to his floor.

Sara made her way to her office smiling and greeted everyone with a pleasant good morning. She quickly closed her door and sat down in her chair. Behind her desk she sat and found herself wanting Jack, still feeling him pressed up behind her. She slid her hands up under her skirt and found her panties soaked. Sliding her fingers inside her panties, Sara slowly slid two fingers up and down her slit and stopping at her clit, ground her fingers in a circle. She had never been this turned on at work, but realized she needed to get control and focus back on work.

Jack had a very difficult time making his way to his office due to his erection, but somehow made it as he settled down and began to focus on work. His assistant, Kelly knocked on the door and instantly he regained his composure.

"Come on in Kelly", Jack said as his assistant entered his office, "and good morning".

"Good morning, Jack," Kelly replied as she handed him some interoffice mail and memo's. "You have a 10 o'clock meeting with Steve this morning, but your afternoon is wide open." she continued. "Is there anything that needs attention first thing this morning," Kelly asked.

"No, I think I'm all set for my 10 o'clock, but I'll let you know if anything comes up," replied Jack.

Jack had needed to relieve the pressure in his pants, but now forced himself back to focusing on work. Checking his emails and messages, Jack noticed an email from Sara and immediately his thoughts turned to that hot ass of hers pressed against him in the elevator. Wondering what she had in mind for the day, he opened the email from her.

"Nice crowded elevator this morning. Hope you have a wonderful day. Sara." Is all it read? What was she up to, thought Jack.

Jack decided to send Sara an inter office mail package with some special instructions. Let's see how much she's willing to play today, thought Jack as he called for Kelly.

"Please deliver this to Sara in marketing", he asked Kelly as he handed her the package.

"Right away," said Kelly as she headed towards the elevator.

Kelly delivered the package to Sara directly and headed back upstairs to get back to work.

Sara sat the package down and continued to work on a proposal. However, her mind wandered and she opened the package from Jack. In it was a single note.

"Wondering what you have in mind for the day? Hoping that the elevator ride turned you on as much as you know it did me. Place your panties in the envelope and return them to me. Make sure they are damp from this morning. Hope this isn't too aggressive? Jack." Read the note.

What am I doing? Thought Sara; but once again, her hands wandered down to her legs and up her skirt to her panties. This time she used her fingers more aggressively and pressed her panties harder into her pussy, causing more of her juice to spill into her panties. Once good and damp, she carefully slid them down and off her legs and quickly slid them into an envelope then into the inter-office envelope to be returned to Jack. 

Sara called for Amy to come and get a package to be delivered back to Jack. "Thanks, Amy", said Sara as she handed the package to her assistant. Amy immediately made her way to the elevator and upstairs to Jack's office, where she handed the package back to Jack's assistant Kelly.

Jack wasn't at his desk, but Kelly placed the package on his desk and watched Amy as she walked back to the elevator. Amy has a really nice ass, which Kelly had noticed before, and Kelly smiled as Amy turned and waved back at her before the elevator doors closed.

Jack returned to his desk a couple of minutes later to find the returned package from Sara. He turned and closed the door, before opening the inter-office envelope. He reached in and pulled out the envelope inside with a smile on his face. Hoping she had placed her panties inside, Jack opened the envelope and was greeted with the wonderful musky scent of Sara's pussy as he pulled out her panties. They were a small, lacy pink thong and the crotch was still moist. Jack wanted to pull them to his nose and inhale, but didn't want to get caught by Kelly or anyone else coming into his office, so he quickly put them back into the envelope and placed the envelope into his bottom drawer of his file cabinet at his desk. Kelly buzzed in on the phone and reminded Jack about his 10 o'clock.

"Thanks, Kelly," Jack responded into the intercom and he gathered his material and proceeded to his meeting with Steve.

As Jack left for his meeting with Steve, Kelly noticed his face was flush and he seemed worked up. She decided she'd try and find that envelope from Sara once Jack left for the day.

Kelly wondered what had upset Jack so much as she watched him hurry off to his meeting. She wondered what Sara had sent him in that envelope and her curiosity got the better of her. Beyond her best judgment, Kelly walked into Jack's office and did a quick look around the room to see if she could see the envelope, but didn't. So, looking behind her to see that Jack was gone, Kelly ventured further into her bosses office and began searching his desk for the envelope.

Finally finding it in the bottom file drawer, behind some other files, Kelly hesitated and looked out of Jack's office to see if anyone was watching her. Jack would be in his meeting with Steve for at least an hour, but she didn't want to get caught. Seeing that everyone was pretty much working and not noticing anything out of the ordinary, she opened the envelope and found the other envelope inside. Kelly pulled out that envelope and proceeded to open it. Its contents fell into her lap. It was a ladies pink thong! Kelly knew they had to be Sara's because her assistant Amy delivered the envelope. Still curious, Kelly looked around and quickly brought the thong to her nose and inhaled Sara's wonderful scent. Damn, she smells hot, thought Kelly, but quickly put the thong & envelope back into the inter-office envelope, then back in the drawer.

Kelly returned to her desk and tried to focus on work, but she couldn't get Sara's scent or the thought that a hot woman like Sara was walking around the office without her panties on. Her bare pussy exposed to the open air. Kelly was too turned on to get any work done and although she considered herself heterosexual, she definitely had some bi-sexual thoughts & fantasies. Her pussy was damp and required some immediate attention. Damn, she thought, why didn't I pack my vibe, as she practically ran to the women's bathroom on the floor?

The elevator doors opened and Amy saw Kelly quickly walking away from her desk. What's her hurry, thought Amy, as she quickened her pace to follow Kelly.

Kelly reached the bathroom furthest away from anyone and quickly checked the other stalls, before jumping into one, quickly locking the door and dropping her skirt to the floor. Her hands a mind of their own as she slid her right hand into her panties and buried two fingers into her wet pussy. She was soaked. With her other hand, Kelly massaged her right breast, pinching her nipple as she quickly pumped her fingers in and out of her wetness. Lost in the rapture of fucking herself, Kelly didn't hear the door open and shut, until she heard a voice call out.

"Kelly, you ok?" Oh shit, that's Amy, thought Kelly. How did she find me?

As if reading her mind, "Sara asked that I come up and speak with you about some files from Jack, so, when I saw you walking away from your desk, I just followed you." Spoke Amy.

"You were in a pretty big hurry, are you alright?" she asked again.

"Yes", Kelly weakly answered her. "Not feeling too well, that's all." She lied.

"Funny," mocked Amy, "sounded more like you were feeling really well."

"Is there anything that I could help you with?" she asked, standing at the door to the stall. "I'll lock the bathroom door, if you'd like," asked Amy, pleading with Kelly, as she walked over and locked the bathroom door.

Upon hearing Amy lock the door, Kelly unlocked the stall door and stood there with her hand still buried in her panties. "Need some help?" Amy again offered as she stepped into the stall and wrapped her arms around Kelly, kissing her passionately while pushing her up against the stall partition.

Kelly returned the kiss, as if she'd never been kissed before. Realistically speaking, Kelly had never been kissed like this by anyone, ever, especially another woman. Amy devoured Kelly's lips and quickly their tongues danced around each other. As the kiss continued, Amy reached for Kelly's hand in her panties and stopping the kiss, brought Kelly's fingers to her mouth. Amy slowly, opened her mouth and licked Kelly's sex off her fingers and gently sucked them both further into her mouth.

"My god, Amy, that feels so good. My pussy is so wet & I need to cum really bad." Kelly moaned.

"I would have guessed that by the way you practically ran to the bathroom," responded Amy with a wicked grin. "Guess, I'll have to take care of your pussy for you," she continued as she squatted down before Kelly.

Amy reached out and pulled down Kelly's black panties, exposing her cleanly shaved, dripping pussy. Amy leaned in and thrust her tongue into Kelly's moist lips, licking up towards her clit. She knew Kelly was close to orgasm and needed to cum fast. Amy continued to lick up and down Kelly's slit as her juices leaked profusely down her inner thighs.

"Yessss, Amy, lick my pussy," hissed Kelly as she put her hands on the back of Amy's head and tried to get more of her talented tongue inside her.

Amy spread Kelly's lips and thrust two of her fingers up inside her and quickly clamped her lips down on Kelly's clit. Sucking hard, Amy quickly pumped her fingers in and out of Kelly. Kelly's eyes were closed and she was grinding herself down hard on Amy's hand and finally with a guttural moan she came, harder than she had in a long time.

As Kelly came back down from her orgasm, Amy stood, straightened her skirt and softly kissed Kelly's sexy mouth. It was a very soft sensuous kiss that felt like they had been lovers forever.

"So, what got you so worked up, you just had to run off and rub one off?" asked Amy, curiously.

"You won't believe me if I told you," replied Kelly, "plus if I tell you, Jack might fire me, and I can't lose this job, he is too good to work for," she continued.

"Did it have anything to do with the package from Sara, this morning?" asked Amy, with interest. She knew Jack & Sara had a thing for each other and that they had been flirting with each other lately, like a couple of horny teenagers. "Sara was in a very good mood this morning when she first arrived. Then a package from Jack comes down and she returns the package back to Jack fairly quick. She looked a little flushed when she gave it to me...kind of like you look, now." Amy concluded.

"What was in the envelope, Kelly?" asked Amy, again, but more sternly this time.

"Sara's pink thong" Kelly responded in a whisper. "And they smelled so hot; I got really turned on thinking of her rubbing her pussy through her panties, so I guess I needed to get off." She continued.

"That little slut!" exclaimed Amy. "Who does she think she is just giving her panties away without permission?" She was ticked.

"But she's your supervisor, Amy. How can you act like that?" asked Kelly.

Amy looked at Kelly and realized she said more than she should of. "Never mind, Sara and I will discuss the situation. I'm sorry I got so upset. I better get back to work before she wonders where I am."

Amy left Kelly to straighten herself up, unlocked the bathroom door and headed back down to her desk, forgetting about the files she was supposed to get.

Jack left his meeting with Steve, pleased with not only the meeting and its content, but also with himself. It was lunchtime and Jack hoped he'd run into Sara. Rounding the corner, Jack had to stop short of running head first into Sara, as she herself was hurrying to the café.

"Oh, excuse me." Jack offered, as he smiled at Sara. "Guess we are both kind of in a hurry", he stated.

"Yes, well, I was coming to look for you," said Sara. "We need to discuss the marketing project from last weeks meeting." Sara handed him an envelope, which read Do Not Bend Photos, as she gave him a sly wink and devilish little smile.

"Is this something we need to go over together, or should I review this and get back to you?" asked Jack.

"It's not important for us to look at them together; in fact, I'd rather have your honest opinion, once you have a chance to look the preview over." Sara said and turned to leave.

"When would be a good time to get together to discuss them?" asked Jack. "Later this afternoon or can it wait till tomorrow?"

"Whenever you have some free time on your hands," Answered Sara as the elevator doors closed in front of her.

Jack returned to his office with the envelope and asked Kelly to hold his calls; he didn't want to be disturbed. Jack closed the door to his office and took a deep breath, walked to his desk and sat down in his chair. He quickly checked his email and noticed an email from Sara from earlier.

The email read, "Jack, hope you enjoyed the package from this morning. I couldn't keep from thinking about your response. In fact, I had a difficult time focusing on anything else. Guess I'll have to take care of things before getting back to work. I might even have to send you the results. Take care." Her email ended with a little smiley face.

Jack couldn't open the envelope fast enough. In it was a floppy disk with a sticky note, "Enjoy, you can tell I did!" Jack slid the disk into his computer and clicked on his Explorer, finding the correct drive; he double clicked and opened its contents. There were four digital photos and he clicked on the first one with great enthusiasm.

The first picture was of Sara's panty-less pussy, or at least he assumed it was Sara. She had a small patch of hair just above her slit, but was clean-shaven everywhere else. Her lips were slightly puffy and Jack could make out a slight bit of moisture as he stared at her pussy. The next picture Jack clicked on showed Sara's hand spreading her lips and exposing her clit. Jack had seen pussy before, however, he'd never seen one so beautiful, so close, and yet so out of reach.
