 Note from the author. This is the first adult story I've ever written I hope you all enjoy it as much as I enjoyed writing it.

*****

Charlotte and I had been together for over 17 years, married for 15 of those. We met in university and both felt lucky to have each other. We had similar interests, same taste in music and films, we both loved food most importantly had similar kinks and sex drive. 4 years ago however things were not as happy as now. We were both in jobs we hated and it was taking a serious toll on all parts of our lives especially on our love life together. 

One night Charlotte came home late from work in tears. It took time to coax it out of her but eventually the flood gates opened. Between sobs she revealed that evening she had been out with a colleague for a drink after work. Ian she explained had flirted with her regularly and made her feel special, he talked to her, he listened, he complimented her on things no one else noticed and above all made her feel like she could be wanted. That night they had gone out for more than just after work drinks, it turned out they had gone to a quiet restaurant near their office. During the meal Ian had told her how sexy she was and that he knew that she fancied him, he showed her his room key for a hotel round the corner and suggested they head there after the meal to continue the evening. 

Charlie with tears flooding down her cheeks, told how she felt thrilled at the idea, the guilt at her sudden wetness. Through sobs she told me how she agreed to go with him and with legs shaking and heart racing Charlie took Ian's hand and walked to the hotel. In the lift Ian kissed the nape of her neck, something I knew drove Charlie wild, as she ground herself into him. It was in the room however things changed, she told me that she had told Ian to strip naked and lie on the bed. She felt so sexy and couldn't drag her eyes from his twitching cock as she started to slowly strip for him, but as she got down her sodden panties she realized that no matter how much she wanted him inside her she couldn't go through with it, our relationship was too important. Gathering her clothes Charlie and ran to the bathroom. Ian to his credit understood as far as I can tell, he gave Charlie her space and even booked her a cab home on his account not wanting to pressure her. I guess he genuinely liked her and for that I will always be thankful. 

Curled up in my arms, my shoulder soaked through with her tears, she begged for forgiveness and whilst I admit I angry I couldn't hold it against her. In our separate misery we had both let ourselves go, both stopped paying attention to each other as we should have. It was not hard to understand how a little attention from an attractive member of the opposite sex could turn her head. I had come close on a couple of occasions and couldn't honestly say that if the roles were reversed I would have been able to resist. 

Instead of this being the end of our relationship however we took it as a wake up call. First Charlie left her job and moved into a career she was much happier in. once settled I took the opportunity to do the same. This took a toll on the bank balance but as we had no children and no interest in starting a family we could take the hit. Of course having bought a 2 bed flat in London before the housing bubble helped, our mortgage repayments were less than ½ the rental prices for the same area. We both joined a gym and worked hard at regaining bodies we were both happier with. I had shifted the spare tire around my gut and even managed to put on some upper body mass whilst Charlie worked even harder dropping from a UK size 16 down the size 8 she was when I first met her. It took more than a year but now Charlie has her dancers physique back. ½ a head shorter than me at 5'9, 32C, firm thighs and a butt you could bounce coins off of, I count myself a very lucky man. More than that, her confidence improved and now instead of the tummy hiding loose clothing we both took pride in looking good in public. We even grew strong enough in our trust of each other we would happily share news of compliments we'd received; even phone numbers on the odd occasion.

In the bedroom we became more open with each other, tried new things, found kinks we didn't know we had before but loved. One thing that was naturally discussed was bringing another into our bedroom. We had both had threesomes and even foursomes in the past and both thoroughly enjoyed the experiences at the time. Back then we didn't have anything like the emotional investment as we hand with each other now and neither of us wanted to risk what we had worked so hard on. After much discussion we agreed that neither of us wanted to risk hurt the other or become jealous ourselves. It just wasn't worth it for us and we were both happy to leave the fantasy as just that.

That was our life and it was as good and a fulfilling one as you could hope for. We might not make love all the time but when we do we prefer to make an effort preferring quality over quantity. We like to tease each other, Charlie loves lingerie of all kinds and I love her dressing up for me, especially in stockings and high heels. We also love to torment each other with toys and have an extensive collection of dildos, vibrators and butt plugs. The later were for me, Charlie had dabbled in anal in the past though she doesn't really enjoy it. 

That said, it everything changed about a month ago.

At first I didn't notice, when I brought up the idea of an evening or afternoons playtime Charlie had a ready excuse. It all seemed so reasonable at the time, work had ratcheted up for both of us and we were tired. Charlie had been under the weather for a few days not to mention her "week off" as she euphemistically put it. After 5 weeks though I was frustrated and beginning to get suspicious. We had had droughts in the bedroom before but 5 weeks and not even a hint of a blowie in that time let alone the deliciousness of Charlie's tight wet pussy swallowing my cock. Well that never happened even 4 years ago. 

Frankly I'd had enough so that weekend I resolved to bring things up on the 2hr drive out to Jane's house. Jane was Charlie's friend from before university. They had lost touch for many years but social media had meant they found each other again. Ever since then they had never been far from the top of each others chat apps. In catching up it transpired Jane had married, had 2 lovely girls and had a rather acrimonious divorce. For a while the father had completely been out of their lives, making the minimum support payments, late and only when forced to. A couple or years ago he turned a corner, met someone and seems to take more of an interest in his daughters lives. The girls spent the weekend with him every 6 weeks or so. Jane and Charlie take advantage of this to have a boozy catch up and so either we drive up to hers and stay over or she comes down to us and stays in the spare bedroom. 

I got up early Saturday morning in preparation. Showered and knowing how much Charlie like me smooth I took time to shave bare my stubble, my chest as well as my cock and balls. The warm soapy water and action of shaving soon got me hard and I started stroking my member. The slow slippery motion was a exceedingly tempting, so it was with huge reluctance I stopped when I felt the first beads of precum seep out. I wanted to cum yes but I wanted to blow my first load deep in Charlies pussy that night. Leaving the bathroom I was t relived that Charlie had already got up and gone downstairs to put on coffee. It allowed me to prepare properly and still keep my plans for tonight a surprise. Going to the bedside draw I rummaged around looking for my favorite boxers but could not find them. I was not especially surprised as I'm not the neatest soul so settled on some semi sheer tight fitting boxer-briefs that presented my package nicely. Pulling on my jeans and T-shirt I went round to one of Charlies lingerie draws looking for something to pack for her but she came back to bedroom to get ready and put that plan to an end. 

During the drive I was worried. Was the drought even a thing, was I just being overly sensitive? I decided that the time was right to bring it up.

"Hey Hon, have you noticed something up with our life recently?

She looked up from her phone.

"Like what babe?"

"Well you know, with us, being together."

She had gone back to her phone, typing away.

"Yeah I'm sorry babe, it's been a tough couple of weeks at work."

That straight up annoyed me, it was like she wasn't paying attention. Charlie always paid attention to talks about us, we both did. If one of us had an issue we'd either stop, listen and deal with it there and then or schedule a time that we could talk it through properly, what we didn't do was play with our phones when the other brought something up.

"A couple of weeks," I said incredulously "Its been 5 weeks since we last had sex. I've barely even seen you naked in that time."

"Oh I'm sorry babe, I guess I hadn't noticed. My minds been elsewhere you know?"

With that she went back to her phone. I was fuming; this wasn't like her at all. For her to be so dismissive of our sex life given all we had worked through in the last 4 years felt like a slap in the face. Either that or she was finding her cock elsewhere. The thought of that chilled me to the bone, all I could do was sit there next to the woman I loved who was plainly more interested in what ever funny message she had just received from one of her friends. 

We pulled up to Jane's place mid afternoon, later than planned as we had caught some traffic. Instead of rushing down the path to her friends door Charlie grabbed her massive handbag from the back and headed down the road. 

"Um what are you doing? Jane lives here. You know, Jane, your friend. Her house. It's this way."

"Oh shit sorry, she messaged me whist we were on the way. She's in the queens head in town and will meet us there. Didn't I tell you? Its only a 20 minute walk or so. Leave the stuff in the car we'll get it on the way back." 

With that she walked off down the street to go see her friend. Again I was confused but thought fuck it. At least in the pub I could maybe get a chance to speak to Jane about this when Charlie went out for a cheeky cigarette. 

In the pub the mood instantly improved, being in Jane's company often did that. She was always so genuine, interested in what you had to say and told the best stories. She stood up as we walked in, her arms wide, and hugged us both warmly. At 5'6 she was shorter than Charlie and little less toned as being a single mother made it harder to keep trim. Her breasts were larger though, easily a DD but whenever we met up Jane was always in jeans and an oversized jumper or something similar, she seemed to hide away in her clothes. I brought it up once but she passed it off with a joke that she didn't have time to find a man so at least she could be comfortable. 

The chat was easy and we ended up eating in the pub but the opportunity to speak to Jane didn't come up, every time Charlie went for a smoke outside Jane went with her. There was something important the needed to discuss without me apparently. All that happened was that I became more and more paranoid that the love of my life had found someone else. Eventually around 9 or so Charlie went out on her own for a cigarette. I jumped at the chance and scooched around the booth to sit next the Jane.

"Thank god Jane I thought I'd never get to chat with you." I said "I'm worried about me and Charlie but..."

Jane could tell I was upset and put her arm round my shoulders in a gesture that immediately made fell a little better.

"What is it sweetie? You know you are as much of a friend to me these day as Charlie is. You can tell me anything and I'll always help wherever I can."

I ended up telling her the while story, the last 5 weeks, Charlie being withdrawn, the only thing I missed out was the bit about our sex life or lack of. We were friends but I didn't think she needed that kind of detail. Jane saw straight through it though instantly.

"So what your saying is you and Charlie haven't had sex for over a month and you think she's getting elsewhere. Am I right?"

I was shocked. In my head Jane was still my wife's friend more than mine, I'm sure they've had discussions about sex but its not something we've ever come close to talking about. Still she was right, no point in beating around the bush now.

"Pretty much," I admitted quietly "I figured if she would tell anyone it'd be you."

"Oh you big dufus! Of course she's not having an affair, she loves you, you great lumock. It's just a dry spell, I know you both are always nervous about these things but there's no one else for either of you. You have to know that right?"

I just sat there, of course she was right. I was just being dumb about it. If anything I was ashamed at myself for not trusting my wife more.

"That doesn't mean I cant help," I looked up Jane was still talking. She lifted my chin and looked straight into my eyes "It might cost you though, I cant have my two favorite people not getting laid can I? I think I can have a quiet word in Charlie's ear and see if you two can't get your rocks off tonight." 

"Great, great. Thank you, thank you, thank y... Wait. What do you mean by 'it might cost me?' What kind of cost?"

It was Janes turn to be shy now.

"Well, you know how I split up with... Ahem, 'the father of my children' 7 years ago, well..."

I nodded encouragingly, wanting to repay her however I could.

"Well my bed's been a little, well empty to be honest. Sure I've got vibrators but nothing beats a real cock,"

"Let me stop you there." I said suddenly worried where this was going. After the way I felt on the drive over I sure as hell wasn't going to cheat on my wife with her best friend.

"Easy tiger," she giggled "I'm not asking you to sleep with me."

"What then?"

"Well I like to watch. I really like it. The pair of you are gorgeous and just the thought of you thrusting away between my friends legs has been enough for me on lonely nights. In fact its my favorite fantasy, I want to watch you fuck Charlie.

I didn't know what to say, I was genuinely lost for words. Jane, by way of explanation told me story from her past.

"Back before the kids we'd go to private adults only clubs and watch other people fuck right there in front of us. We'd get dressed up, look the part you know? I'd tease him before hand, making him watch me put on my lingerie, sliding my stockings up one leg then the other slipping my feet into my heels, shiny black pumps with towering heels were his favorite. I'd complete the look with some like a tight skirt and white button shirt a size too small and we'd be off. 

I remember one night we had decided to sit up front for some reason, right by the stage. The lights dimmed, yet we remained lit by the glow of the stage, empty save for a single chair. This utterly beautiful blonde walked out, I'd never seen anything like it. She was wearing the highest heels I'd ever seen anyone walk in and seamed stockings held by garter straps. Her dress was glossy PVC held up with a choker collar around her neck but open completely at the chest to expose a very impressive pair of tits. Honestly it was the most wanton thing I'd ever seen. below the tiny shelf cupping those tits it stretched tightly across her the flat of her abdomen before the dress lifted with a high scoop at the front to leave her snatch in full view, shaved save for a small lading strip up top. I'd never seen anything like it, it just screamed intent, I could feel myself moisture build between my legs at the sight"

Honestly I had no idea what to say at this point. Jane was a friend of my wife's and whilst their chat had gotten a little racy after one to many bottles of wine it was never anything so openly charged as this, never with me, just me. Still I didn't want the moment to stop so I said nothing save for the odd nod of agreement. Jane, for her part, was now deep into the telling so the tale continued.

"As she strutted out she pulled with her this stud by a lead and held what look like a black doctors bag in the other. Whoever booked him clearly had a thing for muscles that's all I can say; like some kind of oiled god. He wore large heavy boots strain got of an action flick like a sexy Neo from the matrix but instead of a trench coat all he had was high leather collar around his neck and a black mask to conceal his identity. Around his waist there was a pair of tiny black shorts entirely open at the front exposing a chrome chastity cage surrounding his very impressive cock and balls. It was this cage that the lead was attached to.

Strutting first round the stage to show off her pet to the crowd she eventually eased herself down on to the chair centre stage. Teasing the crowd she looked across her audience opened the clap on her bag and placed it within easy reach at the side of her throne. Once happy things were to her liking she slowly, and looking at me right in the eye, opened her legs. Her labia, already slick with her juices, glistened in the lights."

Jane help my gaze, just like the siren in her story. I couldn't look away if I wanted to now. I wasn't sure if she knew it or not but she had total control of my attention. Our eyes locked she continued,

"Without taking her eyes off me she reached down with both hands, sliding them her inner thighs from her knees to the milky white flesh above her stocking tops. The entire audience seemed to hold its breath in anticipation but she didn't seem to notice anyone else in the room. Finally one hand moved to her mound, rubbing herself. Spreading her lips she gently slid her index finger inside before pulling it out up her slit till it rested on her clit, jet black nails contrasting the paleness of her thighs. It was without a doubt the most erotic feeling I'd ever had, I'd watched sex before but had never made eye contact with one of the acts sat in the dark as we were. This time was different, I was looking at her and she was definitely looking right at me. A slight shiver went through me before she repeated the act. This time sliding 2 fingers into her pussy before pulling out and continuing to stroke her clit. She kept on doing this until slowly she raised her hand perfectly black lacquered nail slick with her sex. Her pet god, stood behind her, dutifully licked her fingers clean. 

With a tug on the lead attached to his manhood he was brought round to the side of the chair. The oiled sub stood waiting as his mistress reached into her bag and removed the key for his cage. A small click later and he was released. Even soft he must have measured a full 6 inches but he did not remain soft for long as she first dragged her nails gently along his shaft before licking and then eventually sliding much of the huge cock into her mouth."

Jane looked away for a moment, distracted from her tale by someone or something over by the bar. Looking back at me I nodded encouragingly, my cock was threatening to bust out of my trousers at this point but I was worried she'd realize she wasn't telling this story to Charlie and stop. I needn't had worried though. She looked back soon enough, he gaze returning to mine before she continued.

"I didn't even realize I was doing it I swear," she said "before I knew it I'd opened the fly and thrust my hands into my husbands pants. He was like rock, I'd never felt him so hard as I firmly pumped his shaft. Undoing his belt he pushed down his trousers freeing his cock as he'd wisely chosen to go commando that night. Never taking my eyes off the action on the stage I watched as she withdrew the monster prick from her mouth and again reached into her bag. This time she produced a silver gleaming jeweled buttplug and a small tube of lube. Standing up she turned, lifted her dress, parted her legs and bent over the chair. With her puckered little hole now exposed to the world the Adonis lubed the plug and then used the excess on his meaty finger to sliding in to his second knuckle, fucking her arse with his finger. As he slid the plug into her tightest hole my husband pulled my head towards his member. 'suck me,' he groaned 'I'm gonna cum.' I wasn't having any of it though. I loved sucking cock, even back then, but I wanted to see this whole show. 'Nu-uhh sweetie you'll cum all right but tonight is about me.' I pushed his cock forward angling his head toward the stage a thick ropes of jizz pumped out. 
