 PRELUDE

It was a Friday afternoon and Cathleen was lying on the small conference table in my office wearing nothing but her thigh high hose. I was naked except for my trousers and underwear gathered around my shoes and socks. She was moaning softly as I drove my 7+ inch cock into her receptive pussy. My arms were hooked behind her knees holding her as I drilled her cunt. She was encouraging me to fuck her hard and fast.

Looking at her one would wonder why I liked to fuck her. She had a nose that was too large for her face. Her short hair was yellow and as coarse as straw. Her breasts were small mounds on her chest and hardly visible. Still she had a flat stomach and muscular shapely legs on her 125 pound 5'5" body. The best asset was her ass and I had been in that many times. Before the day was over I would fuck her hot ass again.

My current live-in girlfriend Trudy was a ten next to Cathleen but she could not match Cathleen in the sex department. Cathleen loved to suck my cock and she was a great fuck who also loved it in the ass. Trudy was okay in bed but she didn't like to swallow cum and she did not do anal. That was okay because I always got my oral and anal fix with Cathleen and another girl Suzette who also worked in our building.

A business day did not go by that I didn't have my cock in Cathleen's mouth, pussy or ass. On some days like today it would be all three. At times I made it with Suzette in the office as she like Cathleen did it all. Suzette was not an attractive girl as she had a mousy look to her face. She had long brown hair, small pointy breasts with extended nipples that tipped toward the sky. She was in shape and had a flat belly, lovely legs and a very nice ass. She too weighed about 125 pounds but was 5'7" tall.

A few times Suzette joined Cathleen and me in my office. The three of us also hit a romantic interlude occasionally and had wild sex together. They were both dating guys who they lived with but enjoyed having sex with me. Recently they had experimented with girl on girl sex and it was very erotic to watch the two of them.

I picked up the pace fucking Cathleen as I was anxious to make her cum and then take her ass. She always liked to cum before anal sex. I watched her face go into contortions and I knew she was close. Then she stiffened and sat up to grab and hold me as a massive orgasm rocked her body. I held her tightly for a few minutes as she buried her face in my shoulder to muffle her cries of ecstasy. She was panting rapidly and my cock was drenched in her womb. Slowly she lay back down on the table and I was about to roll her over when someone knocked on my office door.

"Shit, who could that be," I whispered.

"It's probably Suzette. I told her that we would be fucking after lunchtime today."

I waddled over to my office door with my pants and underwear around my ankles. "Yes, who is it?" I asked through the door.

"It's Suzette," the voice replied.

I opened the door and she stepped in quickly. I closed and locked the door behind her and turned to face her and Cathleen. Suzette smiled at my condition and she immediately pulled her dress over her head and placed it on a chair. She had already removed her panties and bra and stood naked except for her thigh high hose. I always found it sexy to fuck these girls wearing just their hose.

"Suck his cock, I just came and you can taste me too."

Suzette dropped to her knees and began sucking my cock. She was just as good a cock sucker as Cathleen but I didn't want to cum in her mouth. I wanted to save it for their lovely asses.

"I'm getting hot. I need your cock in me," Suzette said as she stood up.

Cathleen moved off the table making room for Suzette who lay on it and pulled her legs up to her chest. I moved in and slipped my cock into her moist pussy emitting a pleasurable moan from her. I started slowly and then picked up the pace. Cathleen leaned in and sucked on Suzette's titties and nipples. She loved having those hard nubs in her mouth and Suzette loved the sensation. Suzette was so turned on that it didn't take her long to cum and she covered her mouth with the crook of her arm to stifle her outburst.

I slipped my cock out of her pussy and told the girls in was time to get their asses ready to be fucked. Cathleen got the lube and greased Suzette's anus as she leaned over the conference table. Then Suzette lubricated Cathleen's passage and I was more than ready to fuck them after watching them prepare each other. I stepped up behind Cathleen and eased my cock in her very curvy ass. I fucked her slowly and as I did, I fingered Suzette's ass keeping it ready. After several minutes I moved over to Suzette.

I whispered to Cathleen, "I'll be back. I'm going to fuck Suzette's cute ass for a few minutes."

Suzette was a little snugger than Cathleen but she still handled my cock in her curvy ass. I was in no hurry to cum as I could fuck those lovely asses all day. I fingered Cathleen as I fucked Suzette. That afternoon I went back and forth fucking each ass and fingering the other. As much as I tried to prolong the anal sex, the eroticism of the act caught up with me. I shot a jet of semen into Cathleen's rectum and then moved quickly to Suzette who received the next two streams. I returned to Cathleen's ass and deposited some more seed and then back to Suzette. 

Finished ejaculating, I stepped back and admired the two shapely bottoms with semen trickling out of their anus. I caressed both sets of buttocks as I savored the erotic moment of fantastic anal sex. Cathleen spun around and got back on the table.

"I am so hot. Suzette, eat my pussy."

I watched Suzette move into position to lick Cathleen's twat and I knew that we were far from done that day. My cock was still hard so I moved in behind Suzette and filled her pussy. 

MEETING THE GIRLS

Trudy and I met at a party one evening and hit it off. It was the summer of 1970 and I was 29 years old and she was 28. She was drop dead gorgeous with long light brown hair and a 36-26-36 figure. Trudy stood at 5'7" tall and weighed a fit 130 pounds. She had lovely brown bedroom eyes.

I was in good shape at 29 years old and an avid tennis player. I played 2-3 times a week and also worked out at the gym regularly. At 6'2" and 190 pounds I felt good about myself. My brown hair was kept cut short and the girls loved my hazel eyes. However what the girls liked most was my 7+ inch cock but it wasn't the length it was the thickness that they loved. It really filled their pussies and stayed in constant contact with their clits.

Trudy worked for a consulting company and usually traveled three or four days a week out of town. I had a satellite office for an investment banking firm in the Chicago suburbs. My office was in a building full of small business and I used the secretarial service in the building as a way of keeping overhead costs to a minimum. My office was spacious but very private. 

Trudy and I dated for six months and had a great relationship. The sex was wonderful and when her apartment lease was up for renewal she moved in with me. I had a two bedroom condo so it was perfect for both of us. We were both so busy during the week it seemed that sex always occurred on the weekends. Friday night was usually pizza and a movie night with sex when we went to bed.

We both liked sleeping in the nude and I loved her voluptuous body pressed up against me. On Saturday mornings I would fuck Trudy into submission with my morning piss hard-on. I screwed her until she begged me to let her rest as she could not cum anymore that morning. Then I relieved myself and washed my cock before returning to bed. Trudy immediately rolled over on all fours so that I could fuck her until I came. In that position my cock was not in contact with her clit. I loved watching my dick slide in and out of her hot pussy while I caressed and stared at her fabulous ass.

Trudy was not into anal but fucking her doggy style was the next best thing. I took my time savoring her lovely body before I ejaculated into her womb. We showered and dressed afterward, sometimes we went to brunch and then did some shopping. Sunday was massage day and Trudy loved massages. We started with her lying face down and I worked her body from her shoulders to her feet. I always bypassed her ass saving that for last because I spent a lot of time with it. Eventually Trudy rolled over and I massaged her lovely breasts and worked my way down to her feet again. 

By the time I worked my way back up her body she had spread her legs and was ready to receive my cock. I eased into her moist pussy and fucked her through multiple orgasms before I flooded her pussy. Things were great between us and we never even discussed the idea of getting married or anything permanent. I still missed cumming in a girl's mouth and anal sex but Trudy would have none of that. So I accepted what I had with her and we enjoyed our relationship.

I met Cathleen and Suzette one evening after work at the local watering hole next to our building. They recognized me as someone who worked in the same building. I did not recognize them but I would get to know them very well. We had several drinks and exchanged information about our careers and lives. Cathleen worked as a receptionist for one of the businesses in the building and Suzette worked in the graphic arts department.

They stopped for a drink that evening since Cathleen's boyfriend Terry was playing poker with his buddies. Suzette's boyfriend Bill was working late and wouldn't be home until about 9:00 PM. Both of them were living with their boyfriends. As we enjoyed our drinks and each other's company, I got the sense that both girls were interested in me. Suzette had to leave first but said that she hoped we could get together again for a drink sometime.

Cathleen and I finished our drinks and decided to leave. "Would you walk me to my car?" she asked in a sexy voice.

"Sure, I'd be happy to."

We walked to her car and when we got there she put her arms around me and kissed me. Instinctively I kissed her back and then her hand rubbed my crotch. She moved it up and down several times and I felt my cock begin to harden. Smiling at me she used both hands to unzip my fly and free my stiff dick. She kept looking into my eyes as her hand ran up and down my shaft.

"I was hoping that you would be big. You really have a nice cock," she whispered and then she leaned over from the waist and took it in her mouth.

No girl had ever been that forward or aggressive with me in my life and I was a bit taken back. Cathleen continued to suck on my cock and she proved to be a wonderful cocksucker. Some other people came out of the bar and headed toward us in the parking lot. Cathleen released my cock and whispered somewhat urgently. "Come sit in my car."

Once we were in her car, she unbuckled my belt, unbuttoned my trousers and pulled them along with my boxers down to my ankles. As Cathleen pulled my boxers down over my balls she licked and sucked them before kissing her way up my shaft. Looking up into my eyes, she slid her lips over my bulging head with her hand still wrapped around my shaft. Her tongue swirled under the ridge of my crown as she sucked me deeper into her mouth. She tested her gag line and was soon taking my entire cock down her throat.

My cock was alive and my hot flesh pulsed against her lips. She pulled me deeper into her mouth, pressing her lips tightly against me and sucking hard. The feel of my hard cock sliding between her lips and over her tongue had me on the verge of a huge orgasm. Cathleen had slipped her hand into her panties and fingered her dripping pussy. The smell of sex was rampant in her car.

I grabbed the back of her head and started fucking her face. She was slurping and sucking as fast as she could. Cathleen drooled as she tried to keep up with my thrusting motions. Her fingers dug into my thighs, moving her head as I pumped my cock in and out of her mouth. 

I sensed that her pussy needed attention but I wasn't about to stop anything she was doing. I knew that I was going to cum soon and I warned her but she just kept sucking me in anticipation of receiving a creamy treat. I felt my cock swell and knew that she was about to receive my load. Muffled moans escaped from her throat as she eagerly sucked my dick awaiting her prize. She moved her lips up and down over my shaft in rhythm with my thrusting motions. She was drooling like crazy and I could feel it running down my pecker onto my balls.

My breathing became more erratic and I was about to lose control. Cathleen looked up at me with those big eyes and nodded her head, letting me know she wanted to taste my seed and then covered my cock with her mouth just as I lost it. I let out a soft grunt as I pumped stream after stream of hot cream into her mouth. 

I shot the first jet against the roof of her mouth then several more blasts of hot cum poured into her mouth. She moved her hand under my scrotum to squeeze out the last few drops and then Cathleen had her orgasm. Apparently the feel of my throbbing cock in her mouth, the taste of my seed and her hand in her cunt was just too much. The pressure in her lower tummy gushed out through her pussy and soaked her fingers.

My cock fell from her lips and cum dripped from her lips and chin as her body jerked and shuddered in orgasm. Cathleen looked up at me when she was done, blotches of cum glistened on her lips. The smell of pussy in the car was powerful. I took Cathleen's hand and licked her fingers clean. I pulled my undershorts and trousers back up and dressed the best I could in the confines of her car. We said good night and I went to my car feeling totally drained as I drove home. I had no idea where that one encounter would lead but I knew that I just had the best blow job in my life.

CATHLEEN IS INSATIABLE

The following Monday morning Cathleen came into my office, closed and locked the door behind her. She told me that she was on her coffee break but I could tell by the gleam in her eyes that she had something on her mind. She had me stand up and she knelt in front of me and unzipped my fly. Next she fished my cock and balls out of my pants and proceeded to give me and incredible blow job. She really knew how to suck cock and in a matter of minutes I was cumming in her mouth. She sucked me dry and then put my cock and balls back in my pants.

"Do you eat pussy?"

"Yes, I love to eat pussy."

"Good, I need you to eat my pussy," she whispered.

I moved a side chair to the office door and had her sit in it. She was wearing panties and thigh high hose under her skirt and I took her panties off baring her lovely pussy. Lifting her legs I put my head between them and began lapping at her pussy. Her legs were locked together over my shoulders but I was clear to work on her pussy. Cathleen orgasmed within minutes and I drank down every drop of her sweet juices. I moved out from under her and allowed her to pull up her panties. She smiled at me and I had my answer as to where our relationship was headed. 

"I hope we can do this more often," she whispered.

"You can count on it," I told her.

That was the start of sex in my office and hardly a day went by that we didn't have sex. For the next several weeks it was strictly oral sex in the office as it was the safest and least risky. Cathleen loved wearing thigh high hose and it made it so much easier for me to eat her pussy. I wondered if anyone in the building knew what a hot piece of ass was under those skirts. It was Cathleen's idea that we fuck in the office during the lunch hour. So it was oral sex during coffee breaks and intercourse at lunchtime.

Once during the lunch hour we got a little carried away and although we barricaded the office door with two chairs it was still risky. I placed one chair against the door and then a second chair next to the first one. I sat in the second chair with my pants and underwear down to my knees while Cathleen rode my cock. She came twice before getting off of me and sucking my cock until I ejaculated. We loved the sex but I was nervous about someone coming to my office while we were at it. Security and facilities had keys to all the offices and while I never expected an interruption, it wasn't worth the risk.

Putting dead bolt lock on my door was too obvious and against building policy. I checked out alternatives at the hardware store and I was introduced to a door brace. It fit under the handle of the door and was jammed at an angle on the floor. I tested it and I couldn't budge the door with the brace in place. That gave me a renewed sense of security and with the brace in place we were more relaxed. Cathleen loved to fuck and feel my cock in her pussy so we did it anytime my lunch schedule permitted. It was an unbelievable time in my career to have a great job, a great girlfriend and a great sex partner at work.

One Wednesday evening Cathleen's boyfriend was hosting poker at their place. Cathleen suggested going to this romantic interlude that I had never heard off. "I have heard of the Sybaris but not this place," I told her.

"It's not as expensive as the Sybaris and it's easier to get a room there. They use the same name as that French Restaurant in the city so that it appears innocent on your credit card statement."

"Clever." 

The first time we went to Les Chez was memorable. We entered the room and wasted no time taking off our clothes as the Jacuzzi filled with hot water and bath gel. Cathleen and I showered together before entering the Jacuzzi. We soaped each other up and played with each other's bodies being careful we didn't cum in the shower. Cathleen then douched both her pussy and her asshole. It was the first time I had ever seen a woman do that and it was kind of erotic.

After showering we entered the Jacuzzi. I turned on the jets and we kicked back enjoying the bubbles. After a while Cathleen leaned back into me and I reached around and stroked her small titties tweaking and rolling her nipples in my fingers. I slid one of my hands down across her firm abs over her little blond tuft of hair and found her vagina. I played with the folds of her labia and then inserted my fingers in her pussy. I found her hard clit and rolled it between my fingers as I continued to tease her nipples with my other hand.

As Cathleen got turned on I moved her to the other side of the Jacuzzi and had her lean over the edge presenting her shapely ass to me. Her ass always looked good but this time it glistened with water and bath gel and looked so sensual. I leaned over and licked Cathleen's pussy from behind driving her wild. Suddenly I had the urge to tongue her beautiful ass so I swiped my tongue from her pussy up and over her bung hole and back to her pussy. She gasped out loud when my tongue touched her asshole. I really got into it and grasped both of her curvy ass cheeks and pulled them slightly apart so that I could get my tongue in deeper. I probed her pink aperture with my tongue as I inserted three fingers in her pussy. She started whimpering, gasping and directing the action. 

"Oh my God, do it again. Lick my asshole; stick your tongue in there. Eat my pussy, tongue my ass, rim me, oh yessssss," she cried out.

I repeated this several more times until Cathleen seemed to go into convulsions with her first orgasm of the evening. She collapsed back into my arms and I stroked her smallish tits as she recovered from the intensity of her orgasm.

"Not in my wildest dreams did I ever think that someone would tongue my ass nor did I know it would feel so wonderful," she uttered in an exhaustive voice.

"I surprised myself by going after your ass. I have never done that before but it just looked sexy as it glistened with water. Of course I remembered that you had douched and it looked so clean," I replied. 
