 I KISSED Ken goodbye Friday morning with a passion approaching ferocity, molding my body to his and holding him as tight as I could. Partly, this was thanks for the night before, when I'd discovered that giving Ken a moment by moment, blow by blow account of my Thursday morning orgy with Jim had made him nearly as hot as if he'd been there watching for himself. But mostly I was trying to prepare him, vicariously, for whatever was going to happen when Jim and Ted came by later!

"Whoa!" Ken breathed, attempting to catch his breath when I finally released him. Then he cocked his head at me and gave me a sexy smile.

"Now, why is it I have the feeling you have something up your, ah, non-existent sleeve?"

I smiled back at him, and chuckled softly at his reference to my sleeve. He was the one heading off to work...why should I get dressed?

"Maybe," I told him slyly, "it's because I want to make sure you get home on time tonight."

"Hmmm," he said, screwing his face into a mock analytical pose. "Definitely something is afoot. And what is it you are trying to tempt me with, my beloved temptress?"

"Oh," I chuckled more loudly, "I can't tell you that and spoil the surprise. But do just be ready to go with the flow, ok?"

He smiled his sexy, hungry smile. "You cant count on me, vixen," he said almost huskily.

Now it was late afternoon, and I smiled as I remembered Ken's smile just before he turned and headed for the car that morning. I glanced at the clock and was startled to find it just past five o'clock. Time to get ready for the show, I told myself eagerly.

I quickly moved into the bedroom and began to put on the clothes I had carefully selected earlier. First to go on was my oldest, baggiest, most unflattering pair of old jeans. I was careful to cinch it securely at the waist; can't take a chance of them slipping in the least! Next I put on one of Ken's oldest flannel shirts, all faded and shapeless. On me it looked huge, and managed to nicely hide not only all of my charms, but any hint of sexiness at all! Finally, I slipped my feet into an ancient pair of fuzzy slippers, and turned to study myself in the mirror.

Perfect, I grinned to myself, the frump of the year! Those poor boys won't have a clue of what's to come!

I heard Ken's key in the front door and walked back out to the living room to meet him. I stood at the end of the hall as he closed the door, then watched his eyes grow huge as he looked at me across the room.

I gave Ken a pirouette, just as though I was dressed -- or rather, undressed to the nines. Smiling at him with my slyest smile, I watched him slowly recover from the shock that was obvious on his face, then asked him,

"Well, what do you think?"

"I—" he started, then half snorted and shook his head a couple of times. "I'm speechless," he said at last. "It's...certainly not what I expected."

I broke into a grin. "I didn't think it would be," I told him. "But there is method to my madness, can you believe that?"

Ken thought for a moment, than replied with a smile and a nod, "I'll bet that in the end it's not even madness. But what's going on? I mean, what am I supposed to do?"

I walked over to him and planted a smack on his lips. "Like I said this morning," I reminded him, "just go with the flow..."

I'd just pulled back from him when the doorbell rang. I grinned at Ken a moment, then said, "...and I think the flow is about to start!"

I moved over to the front door and opened it. There, as I expected, was Jim, with another man I figured had to be Ted. I smiled my most dazzling smile at them, and then had to fight to suppress a chuckle at the way Jim's face fell at the sight of me. Ted, who I'd never met before, simply looked puzzled. Presumably Jim had given him some clue as to what to expect, and I sure didn't look anything like that!

"Jim!" I gushed after a moment. "I'm so glad to see you again. I've been thinking about you all day." On an impulse I put out my hand, and when Jim moved to kiss it like he had at the club, I quickly turned his chivalry into a hearty handshake. Behind me, I thought I could hear Ken snort softly, and I wished I could see his face at that moment.

"And you must be Ted," I said, turning my attention to Jim's companion. "Jim's a lucky man to have a buddy like you. I'm glad you could make it tonight."

Jim finally found his voice. "Ted, this here is Kathi I, ah, told ya about. Kathi, that's Ted you're grinnin' at, all right."

"Uh, delighted to meet you, Kathi," Ted said slowly, and offered his hand, which I shook firmly.

There was a silence, which I allowed to go on just too long before I stepped back and said, "Well, do come in! Come on. Oh, by the way," I interjected, pointing toward Ken, "this is my husband Ken. He just got home from work and hasn't had a chance to change yet. Ken, this is Jim's friend Ted I told you about."

"Good to meet you, Ted."

"Likewise." Ted sounded just the slightest bit uncomfortable, so I jumped back in.

"Ken, who don't you go change quickly while I get the sandwiches ready?" Ken nodded and turned to head for the bedroom. "Don't be too long," I called after him, and heard him grunt a reply.

I turned back to our guests. "Why don't you boys come with me to the kitchen while I slave," I said, more order than invitation. "That way I can give you a beer to start on.

"Sorry it's only sandwiches," I called over my shoulder as I led the way to the kitchen, "but I didn't think you'd want too much on your stomachs with all the heat."

As I reached the refrigerator and opened it to get beers for all of us, Ted said, somewhat haltingly, "Well now, Kathi, it's not all that hot in here."

I turned to hand him the first beer. "Well," I purred in a voice that sounded all out of synch with how I looked, "you never know."

As I handed Jim his beer, I saw the faint beginnings of a grin begin on his face, as it suddenly occurred to him that all might not be as it seemed.

I put Ken's and my beers on the counter, and began to make the sandwiches. Jim and Ted sat at the kitchen table as I worked, and after a long draw on his beer, Jim asked,

"So, ya been havin' some fun since I was here?"

"Mmm hmm," I answered brightly, "I managed to keep myself busy. After all, I knew you two were coming, and I had so much to get ready."

Ted looked fleetingly around as if trying to find evidence of preparations, then said with a slight chuckle, "I sure hope you didn't put yourself out too much."

I paused and smirked to myself for a moment, then couldn't resist being a tease.

"Well," I said slowly, looking straight at Ted and cocking my head slightly, "not yet...."

I could see a grin begin to erupt on Jim's face while Ted glanced back and forth between Jim and me, looking more confused than ever.

At that moment Ken came into the kitchen, dressed roughly as our guests were, in a T-shirt and jeans. He smiled at me, a smile I recognized as one of expectation and curiosity, and asked,

"Can I help with anything?"

I shook my head no while I handed him his beer. "Just take Jim and Ted out to the couch," I told him, putting the slightest emphasis on couch and hoping he'd get the hint. "I'll be there in a moment with the sandwiches."

Ken turned his smile to the other men and nodded to the door. "I guess we've been thrown out," he said lightly. "And what Kathi wants, she gets," he added.

I grinned at their retreating backs. Good line, lover! I told Ken silently, pleased that he was not only going with the flow, but instinctively helping to paddle.

I finished the sandwiches with mine being last on the list. As the men were now gone, I carefully added a booby trap between my bread that would burst at just the right moment, giving me an excuse to go shower and change clothes. Change into something definitely more...provocative....

As I walked into the living room, I was delighted to find that Ken had indeed taken my hint and had Jim and Ted sitting on the couch. Being normal, healthy guys, that meant that each sat on opposite ends of the couch -- leaving a space between them just right for me. Ken sat on the single overstuffed chair across from us, where he could see everything.

I gave Ken his plate first, then sat between Jim and Ted and handed them theirs.

"Well it sure ain't near as fat as that burger at The Meat Market," Jim said, "but I bet it's gonna be the startin' of a great time anywho!"

Ted, meanwhile, had taken a bite already, and I saw his face light up. "Wow, this isn't just a sandwich, Kathi. This is great!"

"Sandwiches may be a humble meal," Ken said, "but Kathi has a talent for them all right."

There was a lull in conversation as a whole lot of munching went on. Then Ken stood up and said, "I'm for another beer, how about you folks?"

"Sure thing," Jim answered, handing Ken a now empty sandwich plate, which Ken put with his own. Ted upended his beer bottle to his lips and, seemingly surprised top find it empty told Ken, "Yeah, thanks."

"Kathi?" Ken asked me as he took the empty plate Ted offered him.

"No," I told him, and swirled my bottle to show him it was still only down to half. "I'm fine, thanks."

While Ken went to fetch the beers I worked carefully on my sandwich. I wanted it to do its booby trap thing when Ken was here so he could be part of the show.

I was just ready as he came back. I sat back to make more of my lap available as a target, and as Ken stopped right in front of me to hand Jim and Ted their beers, I carefully squeezed, and....

"Ooooh, drat!" I squealed as the delightful blob of mayonnaise and other condiments plopped unappealingly down the front of me, making a large mess on my jeans and a delightfully yucky drool down my shirt. I managed to shake my beer bottle and get a satisfying splash of that on me, too.

"Golly, ahm sorry, Kathi," Jim drawled, "I musta bumped you..."

I squirmed as exotically as I could, making a show of trying to wipe the stuff with a napkin, but really just making the mess worse. Ted tried to hand me his napkin, but I pushed it away gently, and stood up instead, turning to stand beside Ken and smile at the two on the couch.

"It's OK," I laughed, "really, it's OK!" I pinched my shirt between thumb and forefingers of both my hands and pulled it descriptively off my chest, smiling at them until they both relaxed and smiled as well.

"It's not," I said drolly, "as if this was my best outfit!"

We all laughed at that, and Ken gave me a kiss on the cheek. "You want to go get cleaned up?" he asked.

I looked at Ken and put on a horrified look, while nodding very slightly so only he could see. "Oh, Ken, I don't want to leave you alone with our guests! I mean, I'm the one who invited them and all...."

:"Don't worry, don't worry," Ken interrupted me. "I think we guys can get along by ourselves for a few minutes, don't you think?" The last was addressed to Jim and Ted.

"I would think so," Ted answered, and Jim merely nodded and smiled. I saw a twinkle in his eye that told me he had this figured as a setup, and was happy to go along.

"Well," I said, trying to make it sound reluctant, "if you're sure..."

I looked at all three men and saw jovial agreement on their faces, so I brightened my own look and nodded. "OK, then, I'll be back in a flash!"

I turned and hurried down the hall to the bathroom, draining the rest of my beer as I went. Show time! I thought to myself as I reached the bathroom and began to quickly strip off my frumps, throwing them in a heap. I had no intention of really showering, but I turned on the water and quickly stepped in anyway; what I wanted was the wet look. A few seconds under the spray was enough, and most of that was spent getting my hair soggy.

I stepped out of the shower and looked in the mirror. Not bad, I thought. Now, just a little judicious drying so I don't drip too much....

I dried my back and legs quickly, leaving my hair and chest still wet. I then put that towel back on the rack and reached for the special towel I had spent much of the day preparing. It went around me far enough to attach at one hip with a square if velcro, but hardly overlapped at all, leaving an enticing slit at my hip that displayed plenty of skin when I walked. And it was none too long, either. Covering my crotch by maybe an inch.

Around my chest I put...nothing. Well, I did make sure that my wet hair was plastered to my chest in the near vicinity of my boobs, but I guess that didn't count for much!

I took a last look in the mirror to be sure the effect was what I wanted -- dynamite! I whispered to myself -- grabbed my comb and headed back for the living room.

As I walked into the living room I slowly and seductively ran the comb through my hair as it matted to my chest.

"Well, did you boys get along without me?" I asked.

All conversation stopped as three sets of eyes swung toward me. If only Ted's eyes tried to bulge out of his head it was because Ken and Jim had had at least an inkling that something was up. Ken smiled that combination of lust and happiness that I'd come to know so well, and Jim's grin from ear to ear simply said, Now that's more like it.

"I just didn't want to stay away any longer that I had to," I told the men, "so you'll have to forgive the way I look. It's not going to bother you, is it?" I asked innocently.

"Ah...well...ah, no, I guess not." Ted managed to croak.

Jim's grin got bigger, if anything. "It sure ain't gonna bother me in a bad way," he said with a laugh.

I smiled at my two guests and resumed my seat between them on the couch. "That's great!" I told them, and reached over to rub an inner thigh of each of them. "I always like my guests to be as comfortable as possible," I said in a Little Kathi Homemaker voice.

I sat back on the couch, gently thrusting my chest out as I continued to rub and gently scratch the near vicinity of their groins. I glanced down at my lap and was delighted at the way my towel/skirt had ridden up, displaying tantalizing glimpses of pussy hair to anyone who wanted to look.

Ken must have been bursting watching all this, but he managed to look relaxed. "I don't think you got all the way dry, Kathi," he said calmly. "It looks like the chill is making your nipples really stand up."

I smiled dreamily and mentally blessed Ken for such a great line! "That's OK," I told him reassuringly. "I'm sure Jim and Ted won't let me get cold. I know for a fact," I added, turning to look Jim in the eyes, "that Jim knows how to warm me up when I get cold."

Jim's grin transformed into a smile of understanding. "It's nice y'all remember that," he said.

"Mmmm, it worked so well I'm not likely to forget," I purred, then turned to Ted. "If Jim shows you how, do you think you can help from that side?" I asked.

Ted nodded mutely.

"I'm kind of curious, too," Ken piped in. "I'd like to see a demonstration."

Jim glanced at Ken, as if to confirm what he thought he was hearing. Ken nodded with a smile, and Jim turned back to me.

"Have ya warm in no time," he said, then lowered his head to my chest and started licking and sucking at my right breast with almost wild abandon

Almost instantly I could feel the hotline from by boob to my crotch begin to sizzle, but I was determined to give Ken a long warm-up show before we got down to serious playing. I turned my head to Ted and said softly, and a bit huskily,

"Well, come on, you promised to help."

Ted seemed to be breathing a bit raggedly, but he gave me a look of agreement and slowly lowered his mouth toward my left boobie. Slowly...it seemed to take forever! But finally his lips and tongue latched onto my nipple and began their work. After a moment he seemed finally to relax, and started to really get in the swing of it.

I could feel my cunny beginning to ooze, but neither my erstwhile warmers nor I were anywhere near ready for that yet! Instead, I clamped my legs together slightly, and concentrated on doing my part of the warm-up exercises. Namely, I moved my hands northward on each man, until I had a mound of bulging, straining cock in each. I rubbed them gently, remembering Dave's premature explosion and not wanting to repeat that error. The angle wasn't good for me to undo either man's zipper, but I attempted to fumble at both of them.

I felt Jim immediately reach down to help, and momentarily I had his warm and pulsating rod in my hand to work on directly. No underpants, I noticed distantly as I gentled past his cock and into his pants to massage his balls.

Meanwhile on my other side, I felt Ted stiffen slightly as I attempted to open his zipper. His tongue paused on my breast and I heard him take a worried breath.

I looked over at Ken and silently appealed to him for help. He smiled and said softly, but loud enough to be heard over Jim's slurping,

"It's OK, Ted, remember what I said? Whatever Kathi wants, she gets."

I felt Ted exhale warmly on by breast, then heaved a sigh of contentment myself as he relented and helped undo his zipper, releasing his tool to my care.

I lay my head back against the couch and panted in delight. Two cocks at once, I thrilled, and neither one is Ken's!

Then a delicious thought crossed my mind.

I raised my head and, still panting, caught Ken's eyes. When I had his attention, I jerked my head to indicate I wanted him to come over, and then pantomimed sucking his cock with my mouth.

He hesitated for a moment, obviously weighing the difference between watching and participating, then shrugged acceptingly and stood, unzipping his pants as he crossed the floor toward me. He came as close as he could, then leaned over me to support himself on the back of the couch. I had to lean forward slightly, but momentarily had my mouth around the cock I knew so well.

As I began to suck...gently, so Ken could last...I decided that the time had come to accommodate the drooling demands of my pussy, that I had been trying to ignore. Briefly, I released Jim and Ted's cocks, and grabbed a hand of each man, wordlessly moving them down to the boiling honey pot at my crotch.

To my slight surprise, even Ted easily took the hint, apparently having figured out that orgy was on the menu for tonight. As both men began to diddle at my twat I suddenly realized that an orgy was exactly what this was! I hadn't consciously realized it before, but I'd gone from just fucking another man to working on three men at once -- and I would happily make room for more if they were here!

I tried to concentrate on what all I was doing, two hand jobs and a blow job, while simultaneously enjoying the wild sensation of two men's fingers in my cunt at the same time. Another step taken, I realized dimly, but then just fell into the growing rush I could feel building in my crotch, in my mouth and under each of my hands....

Well, it was too much to expect everyone to cum at the same time, I thought inanely as Ken, excited beyond belief by the spectacle he was both watching and assisting, exploded in my mouth. I swallowed furiously, downing as much as I could, but allowing some of his cum to dribble down my chin, as usual. Even as Ken was starting to shrink in my mouth, and to move back away from the couch, I felt Jim begin to erupt in my right hand. I finished him as well as I could, and then felt his sucking stop on my breast, as he sat up and slumped against the back of the couch with a sigh.

Now only Ted was left. No, that wasn't quite true; my own orgasm hovered just moments away, delayed slightly now that Ted was the only one working my cunt, but almost there, almost....

I decided without conscious thought that, since Ted and I were the distance champions, we both deserved better than a hand job at the finish line.
