 Tammy gulped. "Two strange men at once?" she little more than whispered. "Kathi, how ... how could you?"

I chuckled, low in my throat. "Because it was fun, Tam," I told her. "Ken loved it -- Ken wanted it -- no one got hurt, and I got to make a new, good friend."

"But, Kathi," she began, and then paused. "Oh, I know you're right, no one was hurt, and if Ken's really into this, well, great! I--I guess I'm just a little jealous, you know."

"The offer to fuck Ken on his birthday sounding better and better?" I grinned as I asked the question, hoping that Tammy was hooked -- I really wanted to get her on board for Ken's present! But my best friend only sighed.

"I'm getting close," she admitted, "but I still want to hear more. I want to hear it all, now! What happened when you got back from the shower?"

I took a deep breath and purred for a moment. "Well, the boys followed their instructions to the letter...."

CHAPTER TEN

I ducked into the bedroom just long enough to drop Ted's underpants into my drawer with Dave's and Jim's – I'm going to have to start labeling them to keep track, I thought, and chuckled to myself – then ducked across the hall to the bathroom. While the shower water warmed I folded my towel/skirt carefully and put it on the small shelf I had reserved for it earlier that day. I'm sure I'll find a use for you again some time, I told it silently, then climbed in the shower and did myself proud at the speed I made lathering and rinsing.

I did only a slightly better job drying off than before; the wet hair in particular had been as much a turn-on for me, when Jim was kissing me through it, as I hoped it had been for the men. Then without further ado – or clothes – I headed back to the orgy pit.

My hint had been well taken, and all three were naked as the day they were born when I arrived. Ken walked to me as soon as I entered the room to hand me a fresh beer, then gave me a quick but juicy kiss before I could take a swallow. As he pulled back, I glanced around and was delighted to see that all three men had the beginnings of lovely, fresh hard-ons. I smiled and downed maybe a quarter of my bottle of beer, then stretched luxuriously to throw by breasts out as prominently as possible.

"Mmmm," I purred, looking lingeringly at each crotch in turn, "I'm glad to see that I didn't wear you all out just yet."

Jim smiled crookedly at me. "No, Ma'am, we ain't wore out at all. But Ted and me, well, we got to thinkin'...."

"Yes?" I prompted as he trained off, but Ted spoke up instead.

"We were thinking, Kathi, that Ken's been such a gentleman, sharing you with us and all, well, it'd be only right if Jim and I sit out a round while you and Ken get it on."

I'm sure my face reflected my amazement. I looked to Ken for denial, but he only looked sheepish and nodded.

"I tried to talk them out of it," Ken told me, "I explained that it's watching you get fucked that gets me hot, but...well, they insist."

"What we told Ken, Kathi, was that if he thinks watching makes him hot, just wait'll he gets watched!"

I looked back and forth between Jim and Ted for a moment, took another swig of beer, then shook my head gently as if to clear it. "Let me get this straight," I said to them. 

"You want to watch Ken and me fuck." They nodded quickly. "Because you think that being watched fucking me will make him hotter than watching you two fuck me." They nodded again, and Ted added, "At least as hot."

I cocked my head and tried to look unbelieving. "But then what?" I asked. "You guys just going to cut and run after the floor show?"

Jim laughed. "Kathi, I 'spect that watchin' you get fucked's only gonna whet my appetite!"

"I know I have no other plans for the rest of the evening," Ted agreed, adding, "besides, after Ken's done, both he and Jim will have cum twice, and you've only done me once. Fair's fair!"

I had to laugh at that. Still chuckling a moment later, I walked over to Ken and threw my arms around him, locking my lips to his in a kiss that grew steamier moment to moment. I could feel Ken's cock rising against my crotch, and I reveled in the feel of holding him skin to skin while other men watched. Suddenly I recalled the feeling I'd had in the balcony of that theater, where anyone in the seats below could have looked up and seen us fuck. And how I envied Mail Girl being fucked in front of, not just the camera and movie crew, but of the thousands of men who watched the movie, who jacked off while watching her get pronged....

I shivered as I could feel my twat begin to heat just from the thought of it! Gently I broke off the kiss with Ken, then pulled back and looked him deep in the eyes.

"I guess that any way you look at it I can't loose, can I?" I rubbed my crotch against his growing erection and added, "It actually does sound exciting, Ken – and it also gives Jim and Ted that much longer to recharge!"

I brought my beer bottle around to my mouth and took another long swallow, then reached over and set it on the closest table. 

"So what do you say we try something a bit different?" I asked Ken.

He cocked his head at me. "What do you have in mind?" 

"This!" I put both arms around his neck and held on tight, then gave a little jump and wrapped my legs around his waist. He instinctively reached down to support me, glanced down between us, and then looked back to my face with an almost panicked expression in his eyes.

I smiled and ground my crotch into his. "You get it in there," I told him, "I'll make it work."

He took a breath, then smiled. "OK," he said slowly, "but I think getting it in may be the problem..."

"Naw." I was Jim, suddenly beside us. "I'd be honored to lend a momentary hand." I felt Jim's hand go between my widely spread legs and saw Ken get a strange look on his face for a moment; then Ken's decidedly hard cock was pushing its way into my cunt, which was still well lubricated by the remains of Ted's cum. I flexed my legs around his waist to embed it as far inside me as it would go, then slowly started to move up and down on his wonderful tool, feeling Ken respond with small motions of his own.

I pressed my lips to Ken's once again, feeling his tongue immediately push its way into my mouth and high five my own tongue. I humped Ken as fast as I dared – it was a bit precarious keeping his cock trapped in me – but I knew he couldn't hold me up that way for too long, and I was way too hot to last, anyway. I opened my eyes without breaking off the kiss, and could see Jim and Ted on either side of us, watching closely. And I felt an immediate charge run up my spine! Being watched was fan - fuckin'- tastic!

I felt my breasts begin to tingle, and rubbed them as best I could against Ken's chest to enhance the feeling. I humped almost with abandon now, feeling Ken pumping in sync with me, still locked in mouth-to-mouth until I had to breathe or black out. I broke off the kiss and leaned back slightly, panting both from the long kiss and the growing bubble of passion in my crotch. I could feel Ken starting to harden as we fucked, suddenly swelling and panting even harder, then heard him say, through the panting, "Oh...Kathi...I'm...there....

And as he erupted in me I was there, too, grinding down on his cock as hard as I could and reveling in another load of cum filling my cunt....

Then before I was quite done, before Ken and I could quite finish our dance, I felt hands on me, pulling, loosening my grip around Ken's neck, lifting me away from my husband and quickly carrying me to the couch. I was gently laid there, still panting from my session with Ken, still feeling an ache of emptiness where Ken's still spurting cock had been torn out of me. Then before I even know what was happening, I saw Ted's face swim into view above me, and felt his now very hard cock filling the void in my cunt. I started to move again, almost feeling like I was picking up where Ken and I left off, like this was one continuous fuck with two separate men!

Ted supported himself a few inches above me, making no move to kiss me or do anything but fuck me like a rutting animal. It felt good...it felt right...it felt like heaven as my orgasm that started with Ken now soared along with Ted's bashing cock! I reached up and stroked his back, needing that extra element of contact his position wasn't supplying, but not wanting to interrupt him for anything. I spread my legs as wide as I could on the couch, one up the back, one toward the floor, to let him push into me as hard and as deep as he could. I could hear myself moaning slightly, and thrust my crotch up to him in time with his strokes, making the contact harder, more jarring, more electric....

Then just as I began to think I would burst from the ongoing orgasm I felt Ted groan deep in his throat and, a moment later, explode in me again, replacing any of his jism that may have washed out in the shower with a fresh supply.

Then once more before I was completely finished accepting my lover's gift, while Ted's cock was still jerking, he almost jumped upward and off me, pulling his cock almost roughly out of me and again leaving a void where that cock should have been for a few moments more...

...where yet another cock was pressing, pushing in, filling my need and my lust! I opened the eyes I didn't recall closing and found Jim newly settled on and in me, covering me warmly, reaching up to stroke my still wet hair and say, softly,

"Now, we're gonna take this slow an' gentle, my lovely little filly, 'cause much as I like to cum, I love just bein' inside you even more." With that he began to move, slowly and gently as promised. I caught my breath, realizing that slow was just what I needed right then, that this third man in my one continuous fuck was going to make the whole thing glorious. My cunt felt so stuffed, not only with Jim's cock but also with cum from both Jim and Ken, that I could almost hear it slosh. The orgasm that had started with Ken inside me, and continued to a crescendo with Ted inside me, was now a glow as Jim banked the fire gently before adding more coal. I knew when I came with him, eventually, it would be even better – but since it was all one big fucking, what did it matter which man was inside me? The orgasm belonged to all of them, came from all of them. A team orgasm, I thought, and chuckled to myself at the thought.

"Havin' fun?" Jim asked.

I smiled and then gave a deep sigh of contentment. "I feel glorious!" I told him. "I was just thinking that this is the first fucking I've had that was really a team effort." I looked across the room to where Ken and Ted were watching intently. "Three men," I told them all, "and one big, continuous orgasm! It's incredible!" I laughed, then wrapped my legs around Jim's butt and tried to urge him on. "Come on, come on, do me! I feel like I could fly!"

But instead of speeding up, Jim's humping slowed to a stop. I opened my mouth to protest, but hesitated when I noticed the look on Jim's face. He was looking at me quizzically, like he wad something on his mind but wasn't sure whether to say it or not.

"What?" I asked as I squeezed his cock with my cunny muscles. "Whatever it is, it'd better be good to stop you from moving in me!" I added some humping motions for emphasis.

Jim's look turned to a sheepish grin. "It's what y'all said about a team effort," he said with a chuckle. "Reminded me a' somethin' I heard of about two guys doin' a gal at once. I wondered if maybe you'd like to try it."

I smiled up at Jim, then was forced to gasp as he started pumping his cock in me again, ooooh, so slowly. "I've tried it," I told him after a moment. "One in my cunt and one in my ass, right? I love it, but...." I trailed off as I saw him shaking his head.

"What?"

"Naw, not a back-door bangin'," he drawled, and then gazed into my eyes. "I mean two guys in your pussy at the same time."

My jaw would have dropped if my mouth hadn't already been open from to let me pant. I was speechless. Two men...at the same time?

I looked over at Ken. His face bore a look of surprise mixed with anticipation; I could tell he was intrigued. And as Jim continued to pump his delicious cock in and out of my cunt, keeping it simmering nicely, I could feel excitement building in me, too. 

"Now, I guess maybe it might hurt...." Jim began, but I cut him off.

"Doesn't...matter!" I panted, shaking my head. "Right now my pussy's...as stretched as...it's ever been." I looked over and caught Ken's eyes. "Let's do it!"

Ken's lust-filled smile seconded my decision. I saw him lick his lips and nod.

"Ken?" Jim asked, looking at my husband. "You and me?"

Ken shook his head. "I'd rather watch, if Ted's up to it."

The grin on Ted's face answered the question, and he quickly moved over to the couch to join Jim and me. "How do we work this?" he asked.

Jim looked down at me apologetically. "I'm 'fraid we gotta switch you to the top, Kathi," he said, and slowly pulled his cock out of me when I nodded. As he stood up I took a deep breath, then hoisted myself off the couch as well. My pussy was crying at me to be stuffed again, but when I considered what was coming, I found I could ignore its pleas! 

As I watched, Jim mooched the pillows around to make a kind of ramp to one couch arm. Then he settled himself with his ass raised up the ramp and on the couch arm, presenting me a cock tower to climb onto. "Makes the angle better for the second guy," Jim told us.

"I guess," I said, then quickly climbed on top and sank down, sighing with pleasure as Jim's hard dong filled me once more. Jim reached up then and supported me as I leaned forward and down, presenting Jim's and my joined crotches for Ted to approach. 

Jim raised his head up and kissed me as I felt Ted's hands on my rump and the first tentative probe of his cock at my pussy. I could feel my hips wiggling in excitement as the probing cock pushed past my outer folds and bumped against the cock already resident there.

Jim gently ended the kiss and let his head fall back to the couch. "Line yourself up as well as you can, then push in slowly," he told Ted; but I shook my head as I instinctively knew that wouldn't work.

"Not slowly," I told Ted, feeling myself beginning to pant again. "Just get your...cock-head in the channel...and then when I say go...push the rest...of the way...fast."

Jim smiled and half shrugged. "Whatever ya say, Kathi, it's your show now."

Ted was meanwhile industriously working his cock-head into my love channel, finally getting there with a grunt. I could feel my pussy being stretched as never before. Not painful, at least, not yet—and definitely not bad!

"Ready?" I asked Ted.

"When you are."

I took a couple of deep breaths, then nodded to the room in general. "Go!"

Ted grabbed my hips with both hands and shoved.

It was incredible! My cunt felt so stuffed I wondered for a moment if Ted had shoved a Coke bottle, or something like that, up there instead of his cock! Oh, there was a momentary twinge of pain; but as I'd expected, the evening's thorough fucking had loosened and lubricated me to the point that I probably could have taken a fist up there! But a fist wouldn't have throbbed in counterpoint like the two cocks were doing...and a fist sure wouldn't have promised a double load of cum....

"Ya OK?" Jim asked softly. "Ya got this look on your face...."

"It's rapture," I heard Ken say from right beside me. I opened the eyes I'd closed somewhere along the way, and turned my head to find his face next to mine. He put one hand behind my head and leaned forward, pressing his lips to mine in a kiss that began hungry and grew from there, our tongues dueling fiercely. Finally Ken broke off and stood up, backing away for a better view.

"Ready?" Ted asked from behind me. In front of me, Jim nodded, and I nodded as well.

"Fuck...me!" I panted.

Slowly the two cocks began to move. The first move was out, both of them starting to withdraw from my depths; but then one—Ted's, I think—reversed and pushed back in deeper, while Jim's paused, hovering half in and half out. Then as Ted bottomed out and began to pull back again, Jim pushed in. Neither man was hurrying. And after a moment I realized that neither man was trying to move in synch with the other, either. At one moment they would be together, driving into me like a steam hammer—and then suddenly they'd be moving in counterpoint, stimulating more and different nerves inside of me than any single fuck had ever done!

I could do nothing to help; I could do nothing, period, but lie there, panting, being ravished, and feeling the bubble of my orgasm grow into an ocean waiting to drown me.

"Play...with my...tits," I gasped at Jim at one point, and he went at them with abandon, adding that delicious stimulation to everything else. Then suddenly I felt a cold, sticky finger probing gently at my ass hole, and looked beside me to find Ken standing there, his cock hard and throbbing and pointing squarely at my mouth. As I felt his finger slip through the sphincter of my ass, instantly revving the motor driving my orgasm ever higher, I lunged toward his cock, catching it quickly with my lips and savoring the taste of the combined juices of his and my cum on it. I heard Ken gasp and redouble the probing of his finger in my ass, pushing insistently on the interior wall that was being pummeled by the two cocks in my cunt, making it feel almost as though there were three, not 'just' two, cocks plowing into me....

Then I realized that with Ken's cock in my mouth, there were three...!

And with that my orgasmic bubble exploded and I felt myself flopping and jerking between the three men, desperately trying to keep Ken's cock in my mouth (without biting him!) and still breathe....

I finally had to let Ken go as first Jim, then Ted exploded in my cunt, sending their jism spurting inside me, then oozing out as the little room not filled with cock quickly ran out. Meanwhile, I'd done better with Ken than I'd realized; when I'd had to stop sucking him, he'd grabbed his cock and jerked himself off. I was suddenly showered with spurt after spurt of his cum on my face and shoulder, which drooled along my cheek and joined the sweat that marinated all of us by then.

As Jim and Ted both ceased pumping in my cunt, I fought to catch my breath, then reached out and grabbed Ken's cock, pulling it and him back toward me and greedily stuffing the cock into my mouth, sucking and cleaning off all remnants of his cum. I didn't suck long or hard but tenderly, finally releasing it and giving it a tender kiss before Ken could back away. Then I moved back over Jim's face and kissed him, slowly, deeply, passionately. I could feel his cock dwindling in my cunt all the while, and Ted's as well. After a moment, just as I pulled back from Jim's lips for air, Ted gently pulled out of my pussy and heaved a sigh.

"That," Ted said to all of us, "was incredible."

I felt myself smile at that. Then I pushed myself up and off of Jim to stand somewhat unsteadily beside Ted. I put an arm around Ted, then pulled him into a full embrace, pulling his head down so I could crush my lips to his and give him a version of the loving kiss I'd given Jim moments before.

When I pulled back from Ted, Jim had sat up on the couch and was watching Ted and me with a bemused smile. Ken was also watching, seated across the room. I pulled Ted closer to me, savoring the feel of his skin against mine, then looked at each of my other lovers in turn.

"Any other great ideas?" I asked at last, sounding a bit shaky even to myself.

Jim snorted. "Sweet gal, ah couldn't try anythin' else tonight if ah had to!"

I chuckled softly. "I guess I couldn't either, really." I looked at Ken, who looked as satisfied as I'd ever seen him. "I just hate for this feeling to end."
