 Chapter 16 -- Trying New Things and a New Flash

Dave started to move in and out, sawing well over eight inches of man meat in and out of her sex. As he moved, so did Sean in her ass, but without the long strokes that Dave could muster because of position and size. Kat's eyes closed as she savored the rapture of the double penetration.

Alice reached in with her right hand and started to stroke Kat's clit just above where her husband's cock entered her friend and husband's lover. At one point she even had one of her tapered fingers enter Kat's body along with her husband's cock. Kat watched the addition with eyes the size of dinner plates, and then had another orgasm. Alice continued to rub and polish Kat's clit, and as she did Kat popped off two more orgasms close together.

Dave felt the tightness in Kat's vagina, and knew the reason why. He compartmentalized his thinking about the proximity of Sean's cock, and the occasional contact parts of their male genitals made with one another. Most of the contact involved his balls brushing against Sean's cock when he got fully embedded in Kat on each inward stroke. He recalled telling someone that he rated a zero on the Kinsey scale; meaning he was purely heterosexual, with no homosexual tendencies or curiosities. This was tolerable, but just barely.

Dave leaned in and kissed Kat, driving his tongue passionately into her mouth. Kat kissed back with great passion and moans, and then erupted in another orgasm. He warned, "Getting near. This is sexy. Next time you cum, Kat, I'll join you unless you want me to do something else with my load."

Kat quickly gasped, "I want two loads in me: one in my ass and one in my cunt. Sean?"

Almost out of sight behind and under Kat, Sean spoke, "If you talk about cumming one more time, I'll fill your ass with my jizz. I am very very near."

Kat gave some extra wiggles, "Then cum, husband. Fill my ass with your semen."

Sean moaned in a low tone that signaled that he was on the brink and about to fall over the edge.

Alice rubbed Kat up to another orgasm, and Kat fell into a powerful orgasm that produced some guttural sounds of pleasure overtaking her body. 

Dave closed his eyes and his long cock exploded deep inside her with his sex cream, like the huge pulses of some volcano ejecting liquid hot magma into the stratosphere. He shared another monumental kiss with Kat as she clutched his body to hers while he made his last hard driving strokes into her body. She was moaning in ecstasy with every pulse of his body.

Gradually, the ejaculations from the two men ceased and the orgasmic clutches of Kat's innards also tapered. Dave backed away from Kat, extracting his long and thick shaft, now coated with the white residue of his cum and Kat's juices.

Alice was on her husband in an instant, gulping down his cock and cleaning every morsel of the sex act he'd just been in from his shaft and groin and enjoying the residue from Kat left on his cock.

Kat rolled to the side and off of Sean, too. Alice followed her, lapping mostly at her pussy, but also at the dribbles leaking from her gaping ass to see whether they were tolerable to cleanup. 

Dave gasped, "My God, Alice. That is sexy as all hell. Where'd you get the nerve to do that?"

Alice grinned at him for a second, "I'm loosening up. You have to tell Dori I did this. I read some articles at work about this. I think it might be called 'ATM' as in 'Ass to Mouth'."

From the bedroom doorway, Dori said, "Dori is watching you do that. Good girl. See, I always told you that sucking down body fluids from other people was no big deal, and it usually tasted good."

"It does taste good," Alice volunteered, and then she went back to lapping and sucking at the dribbles happening in Kat's nether region.

As Alice lapped, Dori came over to the bed. "Alice, you should try a DP. I know you'll love it; or, for starters, just try anal."

Alice finished up. "My curiosity is piqued now that I've seen it up close and watched Kat's response. She had so many orgasms, too. If Sean would do me, I'll try it, with a thousand conditions about going slow, being careful of my ass, stopping if I say so, and being really gentle and cautious."

Dave looked a little put upon. "Why Sean?"

Sean laughed, "Because of all my neighbors and friends at this party, I happen to have the smallest and thinnest cock. There has to be some compensation for losing out on the monster cocks when they were handing out DNA strands and genetic codes. If I was Alice or any of the women, I'd run the other way at even the thought of anal sex with you." He laughed.

Alice nodded and chuckled. "I'm sorry, but Sean is right. All I've ever had up there is my doctor's finger once or twice in my life. Dave, you are a lot bigger than that, and you are ... huge by comparison when one contemplates where you want to put that. Sometime, maybe, after I get used to the idea and have tried it with men less endowed than you, I may give you that honor."

Dave felt better. "I understand. I guess I'd feel the same way."

Dori teased him, "If you want to get a feel for it, I have a few strap-on dildos and butt plugs of different sizes. There's this activity called pegging where the women use those toys on their male partners. I guarantee you'll pick the smallest one to start with." She laughed hard and that broke the tension.

Sean said, "Let me shower and recover a little, and we could try it tonight if you want."

Alice nodded, "In the interest of science, I think I'll join you in the shower." She winked at Dave. He knew she'd tease and play around with Sean, who at that moment would probably need thirty to sixty minutes to go through his refractory period to be ready for sex again. Dave again realized he had an advantage most of the other men didn't; he recovered much faster.

Dave went off and took a dip in their pool and a warm shower outdoors. Kat joined him.

Kat hugged him to her body, "Thank you for making love to me. I love you, you know."

"You said that and indicated that in other ways a couple of times. That worries me a bit. Sean is one my buddies and I'm not into doing something to break up your marriage. That said the feeling is mutual."

Kat smiled and kissed him, "I'm not leaving Sean, nor am I falling out of love with him. I love him more today than the day we got married, and less than I'll love him tomorrow, even with all this sex craziness we've started with each other.

"I have discovered the ability to love more than one person. I think you'll find it, too, if you haven't already. I bet you're finding out how to do that with Pam around. The epiphany came to me the first time we fucked. I'd always associated sex with love, and love with sex. My reaction was automatic. I instantly fell in love with you -- all the oxytocin that flooded my body told me to. I thought about that all week and worried about Sean and what I'd done to my marriage. I realized that more than some chemical reaction, I really did love you; but I didn't love Sean any less. Not only that, but I developed warm and loving feelings for Dev and Ty after I had sex with them."

"But not the 'I want to run away and spend my life with them' kind of love?" Dave posited.

"Oh, sometimes when I think about you specifically I have that feeling. I'm not quite there with the other men, but I probably will as we become more intimate. I think I warmed to you first because of your innocence -- and Alice's. We needed to loosen up, too; and if Dori and I worked together, I would have been in her sights before Alice and you were. So, Sean and I have been loosening up right along with you guys. Also, I know you wouldn't run away from Alice so you'd always moderate my passion for you in my weak moments."

"Dori has been giving us challenges, you know."

"Oh, I'm well aware. Sean and I created our own. I started to wear more revealing clothes; and I've flashed a few guys. We knew what Dori's challenges to your wife were. As you recall, we were there when she issued some of them."

Dave hugged Kat. "Well, I do love you, AND I love my wife and Pam with all my heart, so I'm not quite ready to run away with you."

Kat laughed. "Someday, maybe we'll pretend in some way. I'm right where you are with Sean. Let's get something to drink and then see whether Alice is ready to give up her anal cherry to my husband."

Dave and Kat laughed as they got to the doorway of the guest room in the Pentiss' house they'd had sex in earlier. Sean and Alice were asleep, with her nestled into the crook of his arm as they lay amid the pile of pillows on the bed. Dave noted the butt plug in Alice's ass. If this continued to be a desired activity by her, he'd have to stop at the XXX shop and get her one of her own. He guessed that Dori had produced this one.

Kat put her finger to her mouth. She picked up the wet towels from their showers off the floor and led Dave out of the room, leaving the sleeping lovers. She hung up the towels in one of the bathrooms, and then she and Dave cuddled together on one of the living room sofas. 

"Good. I get to cuddle with you. Sean doesn't like to cuddle very much. All girls love to cuddle. Just remember that."

Dave squirmed around a bit, so Kat sucked on his cock a little and got him hard, and then sat in his lap pushing her body down on his cock until he was again buried deep inside her. Then they resumed the cuddling she wanted. Periodically, she'd squeeze her cuntal muscles to keep him hard and inside her as they romantically kissed.

Ty and Pam came out of the master bedroom, fresh from the shower. They joined the couple and talked about the DP Kat had orchestrated. Pam had done one a year or so earlier, so there were some comparison questions, and recommendations about how to heighten the experience. Ty talked about the occasional DP at the swinger's gatherings he and Dori routinely went to.

About thirty minutes later, Sean appeared from the bedroom wing of the house. He went to the kitchen, got two glasses of wine and returned to the bedroom where he and Alice had been asleep.

Kat and Dave excused themselves and peeked into that bedroom. Sean and Alice were kissing and drinking. The butt plug had been removed. Kat again sat in Dave's lap impaled on his cock in the one easy chair in the room, and they just watched what their spouses were doing.

Alice went down on Sean, working his cock into a rigid state over about ten minutes. Sean was fingering her, getting her nice and juicy. Soon, they coupled and fucked routinely for a couple of minutes as they whispered to each other. The whispers weren't to hide what they were saying, but to not break the mood of intimacy that they'd created. Kat and Dave could hear every word, and it made both of them smile in happiness for their mates.

Sean pulled out of Alice and grabbed the lube. Alice lay back, holding her legs and exposing her anal opening to him. He lubed himself and her empty ass, using a finger to plunge into her a few times, but slowly and carefully.

Sean lined up again, only this time he held the head of his cock against her pucker. He pushed affirmatively into her body, coaxing her to relax and accept him. The head disappeared and then suddenly three or so inches of his cock slid right into her.

Alice squeaked, "Oh, FUCK! That's ... OUCH ... different. Don't move."

Sean was frozen in position, almost spread eagled over Alice's body. It was an awkward position. She held her legs back and closed her eyes.

Alice moved her body into his, accepting another bit of his cock, until she had all of him inside her. Sean changed positions slightly, both of them groaning, but in delight.

Alice gasped, "Go slow, but fuck me."

Sean slowly pulled out slightly, and then pushed back into her rear. He repeated the move, and then again, until the two of them had a steady rhythm going.

Kat got off of Dave's lap, and moved beside the copulating couple. She used two fingers to rub Alice's clit and slit, even sliding those fingers into her vagina like a smaller cock.

Alice moaned.

Kat instructed, "If you rub your clit or have it rubbed for you, you'll cum like crazy."

Alice gasped, "You do me. I love you, Kat. I love Sean, too. I love Dave most of all."

Dave chuckled at the after thought. He realized that everyone was being very careful of their vocabulary about how they felt about each other. He'd come back to that thought later. As he got used to Alice having sex with others, he wasn't as concerned with precision in the words she said. She could even use the 'L' word with others.

A few minutes later, Alice had an orgasm, and then another, and another. After her fourth, Sean pulled out and backed away.

Sean said, "Alice, I've got to stop. I'm not going to cum, and if I do any more, this being your first time, you will be really sore tomorrow, and I don't want you to remember this first experience that way. We can do this again sometime, or, if you get up some real courage you can try it with Mr. Megacock over in that chair." He laughed and gestured at Dave, who sat slowly stroking the largest cock of anybody in their group.

Dave stood and bowed. "Mr. Megacock, at your service, sweetheart."

Alice sat up and hugged and kissed Sean, and then Kat. "Thank you. That was daring, and nothing like I thought. We'll do it again when we're sure you can get off that way. I want to even try a DP sometime; that looked like fun and certainly something to help me loosen up some more."

Dave volunteered, "We can watch some porn too, so you get a better understanding about different positions for double penetrations. We could even make you airtight."

"Airtight?" Alice asked.

Dave said, "Guy in your ass, guy in your pussy, and a guy in your mouth. You can embellish on that by jerking off two other guys. Film at eleven."

"Oh, I just love all this loosening up stuff we've been doing."

