 Chapter 21 -- Rewards For Being Good

The format for the Club Ecstasy was different on Saturday night compared to the weeknights. The place intentionally became more 'couples friendly' with some regular dancing interspersed between the striptease performances, a live DJ for music that liked to fire up the audience, a chef in the early evening so the club could serve complete dinners instead of only bar food, and more traditional waitresses instead of some of the strippers doing double or triple duty. The club even had valet parking and a better-lit front entrance. The ambiance was more upscale.

Alice had gone into her temporary job at the Club Ecstasy about two o'clock, leaving Pam and Dave doing various projects that included Pam unpacking from her travels the week before. Alice wanted to rehearse some new dance routines including with the pole, since she'd be doing more dancing and less play-acting as she had the night before, although that was still in the mix. She also had to appeal to a wider audience, since there'd be many more women in the club.

About eight-thirty Pam and Dave left for the club. Upon arrival they found that Dori and Ty had secured a large table for all of Alice's fans. The evening was in lieu of their normal Saturday gathering at one of their homes. 

Others from the neighborhood circle also arrived soon after, including Dev and Wendy, and Sean and Kat, Owen, and to everyone's surprise Roy Goodman -- Alice's boss. He was laughing about Alice having to take on a second job, commenting that he thought they were paying her enough to live on. They all sat and ordered drinks and a late dinner from the cute waitress that wore a sheer body suit and CFM spike heels that revealed every charm she had to offer in the right light plus a set of legs that would make Betty Grable weep.

Roy, who was known about by the others, was enfolded into the group and made to feel welcome and included. Dave especially reached out to him, laughing with him about Alice's little ploy with the texted photographs and how things had ended with them having sex. He was nervous, but gradually relaxed when he saw that Dave wasn't angry; Alice had made a point of inviting the man. Pam made a special point to flirt with him, even promising him some rewards for treating the photograph of Alice and her with respect.

At nine-fifteen the lights dimmed and the stage lights came up. Alice came out, dancing to a loud instrumental the DJ played that she obviously knew. She stood in the middle of the stage and took a deep breath, clearing her head and focusing on the pleasure she wanted to deliver to her audience. The beat of the music was seductive and sexy and made everyone think about sex.

Alice began to sway back and forth, imperceptibly at first and then getting more and more in tune with the beat of the music. Alice forgot that she was an accountant and that all her friends and even her boss were watching her every move. She was no longer the conservative, church-going, naïve woman she'd been a few months earlier. No, she'd been on campaign to loosen up and become more knowledgeable and action oriented when it came to sex and anything about it.

The men in the audience wanted her, and probably some of the women. She felt desire for Dave, and also for Dev, Owen, Sean, Ty, and Roy. She felt the desire to tease any other male -- those in the audience she didn't know and would never meet except by chance. She felt empowered as the music filled her being.

Alice danced and shimmied her body as a few pieces of clothing fell to the wayside. She glided around the stage, ending at the pole. She twirled around the chrome column, even humping the pole as though her body couldn't wait for the opportunity for sex. She was a seductress and sought release. She swung her head around, her long locks of blonde hair floating through the air in a wanton manner. She swung her hips around, pushing her loins towards the audience of admirers. Several men in the crowd gasped at her lewd gesture towards them. More items of clothing got shed.

Dave felt mesmerized by her performance. It was far beyond what she'd done the night before. He gave her extra points because she had improved her dance steps and some of the sexy and enticing moves, including coming right out to the edge of the stage and using her body to flirt with some of the men and couples sitting right there. She made the men swoon and laugh and desire her.

Wendy, Dori, and Kat were enthralled with Alice's performance, leaning forward and studying every dance step and move that she made as her clothing disappeared. They were truly awed when Alice started to use the dance pole for many of her steps and grinds.

Alice had reached some other plane of existence. Her dance was perfect for the time, place, and audience. She was sexual beyond reproach for both men and women alike, and her moves were like those of a panther seeking its prey.

Dave thought that Alice was building towards some kind of crescendo along with the music. Her pace quickened, the dance became more frantic. Her body smoothing and stroking motions became more enticing as though she was heading towards her own climax.

Alice got down to only her thong and heels. The thong had little bow ties of each side of her hips. She coordinated a dance step and pulled both the ties, pulling on the lace as she did. Suddenly, the whole of her body shone to the audience. The bright steady lights went out, replaced by a strobe that made it appear that Alice was jumping from frame to frame in some old-time movie. 

Alice's hand went to her slit and she stroked herself only a few times. The moan that erupted from her lips could be heard throughout the Club Ecstasy, even over the din of the music and the bar noise. Alice orgasmed in front of the entire club, or that was the impression she wanted to give. Her whole body shook and spasmed as she stood motionless with her head back and eyes closed as she savored the pleasure that was nearly ripping her apart as the strobe lights flashed. After a half-minute of that, the strobe lights went out and then Alice was gone as the stage lights came up.

The applause started slowly with only a few polite people that her dance apparently hadn't touched, but gradually more and more people joined in. Several people started to shout and yell their approval for what had just happened on stage, and then the whole club was in near pandemonium.

Nearly every person in the club went to the stage and threw paper money on it for Alice -- big denomination bills, Dave noted. Holy shit, his wife was one of most erotic and exotic dancers in the world. She had wowed everybody in the club. Even some of the waitresses and bartenders came forward and tossed money on the stage for Alice.

After the onslaught of money stopped, Big Benny, the bouncer got on stage and collected the bills in a large plastic bag. He assured everyone that Alice would be given the bag as soon as he was through.

The DJ segued into some dance music for the patrons, and a few people got up to dance. Even as they did, people were shaking their heads at the majestic performance they'd just seen.

Christie came out from backstage and found Dave. "Come with me. Alice needs you," she told him. "She's OK, but she wants you to escort her out to be with your friends."

As he followed her, she said to him over her shoulder, "I've been in this business doing exotic dances for four years, and I've studied the art of dance. What Alice just did was FAR beyond anything I could even dream of doing. How she got her body to move like that, and thought to combine those steps in the seductive way she did when she did, is like what only an expert could do. She was truly magnificent."

Dave found Alice backstage. She'd thrown on a summer dress over her naked body. She ran into his arms and kissed him passionately.

"The entire time I was dancing, I was thinking of making love to YOU. I wanted to please YOU, and have you love me."

Dave hugged and kissed her, "I do love you. You're my girl forever, and that was the sexiest performance I've ever seen -- that anybody in the audience had ever seen. You'll see when you watch the video. Dori recorded it on her phone. We're all speechless. You deserved every bit of the acclaim that I hope you heard after you left the stage.

"I cried after I got back here," Alice admitted. "I was worried I hadn't done a good job, but then I heard the applause and the shouts."

Christie said, "Alice, you not only did a GREAT job, you set the bar so high I doubt anybody in this line of work will ever top what you did. I told Dave, you were magnificent."

"Thank you." Alice took some deep breaths to get her emotions under control. "I could really use a drink," she said. She'd put everything she had into that dance and it had showed. 

Dave wrapped an arm around her and led her out to the table where everyone was sitting. Many people along their route to the table said something to her about how great, sexy, wonderful, seductive, alluring, and captivating her dance had been or they applauded spontaneously as she walked by. Even her friends all heaped praises on her as they all hugged and kissed her.

