 Chapter 10 – Thanksgiving Revelations

Christie woke up from the sexually-induced slumber of her A-spot mega-orgasm about four minutes later. Dave kissed her and assured her that she was loved and care for. After a few more minutes to regain her faculties, Dave and Christie made love. This time, Dev and Grace watched the pair from the adjacent sofa as they cuddled together relishing their own after-glows.

Once they were through, Christie lay motionless in Dave's arms with her eyes closed. She avowed, "I love you. I'm glad we can do this together, and I'm glad we get to be together in our new homes. This cohousing thing is a great idea. You can expect me in your bed more often than not, and of course you have an engraved invitation to be in mine."

"I'm glad, and I think so, too." Dave glanced around the room to see what else was happening. He'd deeply focused on Christie for the past half-hour and lost touch with Alice and the rest of the people.

Alice and Roy were locked together in a lover's embrace. They'd apparently finished but she was keeping him inside her as they kissed and she hugged him with her legs wrapped around his lower body. Pam and Owen were in one of the large 'sex chairs' the decorating committee had bought; a chair specifically designed so that people could comfortably have sex in it.

Heather was still riding Sean. Julie was perched atop Mike's face as he fucked up into Kat on the plush carpet. Rachel rode Ty opposite them in a reverse cowgirl so everyone could see her penetration and passion, and Dori and Jack were having a slow fuck in the other sex chair, while Clarisse sat with her legs spread on one arm jilling off as she awaited a turn on his shaft.

In the background, the soft and sexy strains of station KCSM jazz played, but were frequently drowned out by the din of expletives – not in anger but in passion, lust, and pleasure; orgasmic moans; or conversations and words of affection and love between the various couples.

Dave and Christie got up and snuck into the kitchen. They got a serving tray and assembled flutes of champagne on it, and Christie carried it into the living room as her nipples pointed the way with apparent pride. Dave came behind her.

The glasses were passed out. Dave gestured to Ty, the president of the Circle Cohousing Project.

Ty stood next to Rachel, Heather, Julie, Mike, and Kat. He raised his glass. "Ladies and gentlemen. There are a great many people to toast, but I want to start with Owen Bennett, the man who brought the cohousing idea to us and then provided the resources and drive to have the project take on a life of its own. We also toast Jack over there with his dick in Clarisse's tight little pocket from behind. He had the design genius to take all our ideas and create a plan that could come to life, and that we all now live in. Of course, there are dozens of contractors as well that did great work for us.

"Now, the hard work begins. While we all loved each other before, we also had space to go and hide away from one another. Now, we are joined together in that love and in a common space of the Circle Project. Being together like this will take work, a large boatload of communication and sharing, and for some of us a real change in mindset and lifestyle.

"So, lastly, I toast to us. The daring few who choose to live together in this unique arrangement. Please remember our watch words: love, tolerance, honesty, play, resilience, and creativity."

Ty put his glass to his lips, as everyone else in the room yelled, 'Here! Here!' and then also drank to the toast. 

