 Xenia picked me up at 7pm. This was to be my fourth visit with her to the Mansion house. Every trip had been amazing for me, involving sexual adventures that I hadn't imagined. I suppose for some people's fantasy's they were quite tame, but for real life; they were beyond what I had thought I was capable of. 

My name is Susan. I'm 21. I'm slim, with long blonde hair. For those that want more details I have small breasts and am told I'm very attractive to beautiful. It depends on who is doing the telling. 

Xenia is the opposite of me, in that she is older and with jet-black hair, long and wild. She’s beautiful too. 

The car drove through the darkened countryside; headlights throwing up strange shadows; much of the fields hidden by the hedgerows. I was wearing a long white dress, wrapped tightly around me, while Xenia had a similar black dress on. Apart from that, other then a pair of small panties I had nothing else on.

We arrived at the gates and drove up the drive. The house was ablaze with lights. On our approach Charles, the butler emerged from the main door and greeted us at the car. He helped Xenia out first, and then held out an arm for me. As I climbed out I felt his other hand squeeze my bottom gently. I turned and smiled, but his face remained the same as if nothing had happened.

We walked through the darkness to the door and entered. Andrew, our host was there and greeted us. The first thing I noticed was his cock was sticking out of his trousers. He looked straight at me and simply asked, "Would you mind?"

I smiled and knelt down before him. Reaching out I took hold of his cock in one hand and then brought my lips to the purple head. Holding it steady I pushed my lips over the head and let my tongue tease the small eye. At my side I could see Xenia watching intently while the butler, Charles was standing behind her, mauling her breasts within her dress. 

My lips slid over the rim of Andrew's cockhead. I stayed there for a moment, rubbing my lips back and forth over the rim before pushing my mouth down along the shaft, feeling the head push deep into my mouth. He steadied himself by holding my head gently. I rocked my head back and forth letting my lips touch the head before plunging back along until the hair around his cock was touching my face. With one hand I freed his balls from his trousers and started to squeeze them slowly. 

Craning my neck I managed to see that Xenia was now bent partly over supporting herself with her hands against the wall as the butler stood behind her. Her panties were around her knees and her dressed hitched over her waist. The butler was shafting his massive cock in and out of her, taking it nearly all the way out before plunging it all the way back in. I could see she was biting her lip and her eyes were tightly closed. 

Looking up I could see Andrew watching her. I carried on sucking, letting his cock slide in and out of my wet mouth. One hand squeezing his shaft, the other holding his cock steady. For a moment I took it out of my mouth and let my lips wander along the shaft, licking and biting it gently, teasing the length with my tongue. 

Then I went back to the head and held it gently in my mouth swirling my tongue around it. Without warning I suddenly plunged forward as far as I could go and then pulled back as quickly. Andrew gasped. I repeated this several times until I saw his head loll back. His balls tightened and I felt his cock head swell slightly within my mouth and then suddenly a great gob of cum shot out and totally filled my mouth. It tasted warm, salty and thick. Another shot came out and I had to open my lips around his cock to let it flow out. It ran over my lips and chin and started to drip on to the floor, hanging off me in long silver strings. I felt a couple more wads of the stuff spurt out, hitting the back of my tongue and then running out over my lips. I started to run my lips back and forth over the head, covering it with cum and teasing it with my tongue. The thick creamy cum was all around my lips now, and smeared all over my chin. 

Taking Andrew's cock out of my mouth I wiped it around my face, around and around leaving trails of cum over my cheeks and nose. By now his cock was nearly dry so I stuffed the softening shaft back into my mouth and pushed it around with my tongue until it was quite small again.

Turning to look at Xenia I was just in time to see the butler withdraw his cock. He held it for a second and then sprayed cum all over Xenia's tanned bottom. Splashes of white thick drops were landing everywhere, spraying her like a hose. It started to slip and slide down her legs and drip of her bottom cheeks. 

Charles stood back and turning to Andrew simply asked, "Will that be all Sir?"

Andrew told him, 'yes, for now.'

Xenia and I ran upstairs giggling to have a well-deserved shower before returning down stairs for some drinks and food.

Andrew greeted us as we walked in. We started to eat, drink and chat, lounging around on the sofa and chairs. Andrew was dressed in just a robe, while we were still wearing our dresses. After a while he suddenly announced that he had a surprise for me if I was interested.

"Yes, I think so." I told him.

He called for Charles who brought in a small chest high table covered in cloth. "Now," said Andrew, "You are to lay down over this on your tummy, your arms and head hanging over this end, and your legs over the other end…. Naked if possible."

I stood up to undo my dress when Xenia jumped up next to me; "Can I help?" She asked. I knew what she had in her mind. "Ok," I nodded.

She stood behind me and wrapped her hands around my waist, moving them slowly upwards to cup my breasts within the dress. She squeezed and stroked them before reaching in and popping them out over the top. I felt her warm breath on my shoulder and then she licked and bit me there and on my neck as her hands continued to play with my exposed breasts. I didn't have to and normally wouldn't, but it had happened before so I twisted my head to give her a kiss full on the mouth. Her soft tongue stroked and caressed mine as it pushed into my mouth, her hands cupping my breasts tightly, keeping the nipples between her fingers, and squeezing them.

She pulled back and then with one hand lowered the zipper on the dress until it started to fall down around my waist. Her hands followed it down my tummy and pushed into the top of my panties and started to stroke and touch my hair eventually ending up between my legs. She knelt behind me and pulled my panties down with her teeth until they were around the tops of my legs. Finally she stopped and let me step out of them. She returned to Andrew who was now sitting with a very stiff cock poking out of his robe. She held it with one hand and gently wanked it slowly.

I walked over to the table and positioned myself on it as requested. Charles then opened the door and three men walked in! I was shocked, I hadn't expected this. Andrew could see that on my face. "Ok?" he asked.   

The men all looked in their twenties and were well dressed. Two were blonde and one had black hair. All were very good looking. "Yes." I said wondering what I was letting myself in for.

"Inspection time boys," Andrew told them. They walked over to me and stood in front of my face. The one on the left lowered his trousers and pants to reveal a thick but limp cock hanging there. It was inches from my face.

"What do you think?" Andrew asked.

I smiled and reached out for it. It felt cool and heavy in my hand. I brought it closer to my face and began to lick the half-hidden head before sucking it into my mouth. It started to swell straight away growing nice and big, about 7 inches for those who care. His balls hung low and heavy and I cupped them with one hand as my mouth savoured and licked his cock. 

Taking my mouth away I said that 'he would do'.

The middle one then dropped his trousers. His cock was smaller and half-hard already. I held it and wiped it around my face, feeling my skin against the soft warm fresh. Finally that went into my mouth and I sucked it till it stood erect. It was thin and shorter then the first one, but I could move it around my mouth and play with it with my tongue, so I was happy enough. I nodded my approval.

The third man stood before me then, his cock was very thick, but short. It was already hard. I opened my mouth and he simply thrust it in. Clamping my lips around the shaft I licked at the large head with my tongue and then nodded. He removed his cock.

"Now what will happen is the boys will stand behind you and take it in turn to make love to you. At the front Xenia will provide any assistance you may need.

With that the boys walked behind me and straight away I felt two hands holding my waist and one of the cocks start to push in from behind. My eyes closed and my head lolled upwards as it slowly slid it's way inside me until I could feel his balls and chest touch me. He then started to thrust slowly. Meanwhile Xenia had walked over and kneeling up in front of me on a stool pushed her full breasts into my face. I started to lick and suck straight away, my tongue slipping and sliding all around them, playing and teasing her nipples, biting them gently with my teeth, sucking at them. All the time a good hard cock was sliding in and out of my pussy. 

When it stopped it was replaced by another one. Despite what you read it really is hard to tell which is which when they are inside, especially when you can't see them and there are two beautiful rounded breasts rubbing against your cheeks and nose and mouth, besides I didn't care who was there anymore, it was pure sensation and it was lovely.

Xenia continued to rub and massage my face with her breasts. Sometimes she leaned forward and kissed me full on the mouth, her tongue seeking mine, playing and teasing. Behind me the men were taking it in turns to thrust their cocks into me. One would hold my hips as he thrust his hard cock in and out fairly slowly; another would hold me by the waist and his thrusts were harder and faster. The third varied his movements more, one hand would usually hold the small of my back, the other would slide under my chest so his fingers and hand could play with my small breasts as his cock slid in and out of me. 

Finally Xenia pulled away and went over to Andrew. They spoke quietly for a moment then she left the room. When she returned she had the young boy with her. Ever since I had first seen him on previous visits, I had wanted him badly. Maybe it was his smooth young skin, or his slender body. I didn't know. But every time I had played with him had been a highlight for me. He was fully dressed and smiled shyly when he saw me.

Xenia brought him over to where I was and then undid the zip on his trousers. Fishing inside them with her hand she brought out that lovely cock, half hard already. She then pulled him gently to my mouth. Allowing him to be just close enough so that I could get the head of his lovely cock into my mouth she started to wank and rub his shaft. She never let him to close to me. So I had to be content with sucking just the swollen head of his cock while she continued to wank him gently straight into my mouth.

The thrusting behind me continued. Xenia was kneeling down next to the standing boy, his cock just near her face. I kept the head of his cock in my mouth, swirling my tongue around and around it, teasing the head, feeling it swell each time her hand rubbed up along his hard shaft. Andrew came and knelt behind Xenia, and I could see from her face that he had slipped his cock into her from behind. His hands found their way around her hips and up across her chest to cups her breasts and I could see him squeeze them really tight, the nipples sticking out between his fingers. Behind me the fast man was thrusting hard and quick into me. Suddenly he withdrew and I could feel strands of hot sticky cum shoot up along my back and over my bottom cheeks. He shot about five times before he wiped his cock against the back of my legs. I could feel his cum running down over my bottom, and dripping off, much of it landing on my legs and running down in small streams. 

One of the others took his place and I felt another cock enter me. Meanwhile I kept sucking hard at the cock in from of my face. My lips holding the head of it tightly as Xenia continued to wank him into my warm wet mouth. I kept thrusting my tongue into the eye of his cockhead, hoping to please him. I adored this boy, and would have done anything for him.

Xenia's hands jerked rather then wanked the boy now; her eyes were tightly closed. Behind the second man pulled out and again I could feel wads of cum hitting my bottom and back, all warm and sticky. Within seconds his cock was replaced by a harder one as another of the men started to thrust into me.

I was being pushed into heaven it felt so good. I barely had looked at the boy's face when his head was throw back and his hips thrust suddenly forward and his cock pushed against the roof of my mouth. Suddenly at the very back of my throat I could feel a large gob of cum there, I had no choice and swallowed instantly, there wasn't even a taste. The boy pulled his cock out though just as it passed my lips a second wad spat out and hit my tongue and teeth, all thick and sticky, salty and warm. His cock jerked uncontrollably as cum jetted out hitting me straight on the lips, chin and nose. Cum just hung down from my face in long strings, breaking and falling. I stuck my tongue out to lick at the head of his cock. He liked that and thrust it back into my cum filled mouth. It was growing small and I swirled my tongue around it savouring that special after cum taste. I was barely aware of the third man behind me, other then realising that he had pulled out of me. Andrew told me later his cum had hit my bottom so hard that it splashed back at him. 

I felt so horny now. I slid off the table and ran around and knelt in front and under Xenia. Grabbing her bottom, pushing my hands between her and Andrew's thrusting body, I clamped my mouth on to the front of her pussy, sticking my tongue out to lick at her and Andrew's cock at the same time. I was out of control and I would have done anything. This was enough to send Xenia over the top; she almost screamed and tried to grind her pussy both into my face and back into Andrew's hips at the same time. Her body shuddered and shook it's way through as she came. Finally she pulled away from the two of us. Naturally in my position Andrew's cock just slid straight from her pussy into my mouth.  

Leaning back I put my arms behind me, supporting my body as I sat there, with Andrew thrusting straight into my mouth as if he was still fucking Xenia. She meanwhile knelt down beside; swooping her head down she began to take long licks at my right breast, as it wobbled with each thrust of Andrew. It didn't take him long. Suddenly he pulled out of my mouth and taking his cock in his hand aimed it at my small breasts. Xenia barely had time to get out of the way before spurt after spurt of warm white cum started to jet out and washed my little quivering titties. I turned my face to Xenia and leant forward slightly. She got the hint and within seconds we were kissing, our tongue playing with the others, fencing with each other. Her mouth was warm and wet; mine must have been a bit salty. Normally Xenia hated the taste of cum, but I guess she must have really been turned on tonight, and licked my tongue and mouth for over a minute before breaking away. 

Looking down at my self I was covered in cum. It was running down my titties and over my tummy. My legs were streaked with half dried cum and there was still stuff on my face from the boy. They all looked at me and started to clap as if I had just passed some kind of test.

Xenia looked at me and smiled, "I want you upstairs." Was all she said. 

I smiled slowly, "Yes…me too."

We went and showered.





After she stepped out of the shower I grabbed her hand and led her naked through the corridor to the bed room that we usually stayed in. "This is just between you and me," I told her.

She smiled, "I thought this day would never come." Was all she said.

I led her to the bed, "Now lie down and don't move." I told her, my voice firm. I knew exactly what I was going to do. Xenia seemed surprised at the sudden change and looked at me, hesitating for a moment, I smiled. "Do it."

She climbed on to the bed and lay there on her back, watching me. I knelt down at the bottom of the bed so she could no longer see me. She must have been wondering at what was going to happen. Putting my arms on the bed I sprung upwards like a cat, landing just by the side of her legs. She looked shocked, maybe even a little frightened. I thrust my head forward like a tiger, snarled at her, fixing my eyes on hers, not looking away for a moment. Her eyes were wide, but she knew better then to say anything. I swung myself over so I was straddling her legs. Lowering my neck I thrust my head forward again, baring my teeth at her, this had the desired effect of letting my small breasts brush lightly along the top of her legs. She let out an "Aaaaahhh." I kept my chest low, letting my nipples caress her lower tummy; my chin was low now, nearly touching just below her breasts. Still my eyes held hers. She didn't dare look away. 

Like a cat I struck my tongue out several times then pulling my head, lolled it down to her left breast, letting my tongue drag along the side, over the nipple, and off into space on the other side. I brought my head back straight away, tongue flicking at the air. I purred, moving my chest very gently against her, just allowing the tips of my breasts to rub sideways along her tummy.

Snarling I dived to her right breast sucked the nipple in and pulled my head back allowing the nipple to pop out and bounce back at her. She moaned again, moved her hips slightly. I guess she was beginning to like this. 

Keeping my eyes firmly on hers I lowered my head slowly and started to lap at her skin, just under one breast, my tongue moving quickly, like the cat trying to drink the milk. I knew she liked her breasts being touched, but I also knew that to tease her around and near her breasts was almost like torture to her. So close, yet so far. It drove her wild. There weren't many that knew that about her, and ever less who had the patient to do it. But I had seen too much; I knew what she liked. 

I snapped my head back up, then lowed my chin to just above her breasts, letting my skin touch her ever so slightly. I moved my head side ways, all the time fixing her eyes. She smiled, I bared my teeth and swung my head to her side, nipping her playfully, letting my teeth skin in just enough to leave a red mark for several seconds. That made her jump.

Moving my legs so that they now straddled one of hers, I ground my pussy against her, rubbing it up and down. I lolled my tongue out and lapped at the side of her left breast. 

She looked so pretty then, head lolling back, eyes half closed, tangled long black hair around her on the pillow, her breasts standing hard and proud. I kissed her nipple, I couldn't resist. 

Flicking my head back up I snarled to get her attention. I then crawled up a little, bringing my head over hers. Swinging my head down suddenly I ran my tongue along her lips and pulled up before she had time to respond. Her eyes were wide and full of anticipation. I knew that by now she had no idea what I was going to do. She was mine totally. I thrust forward and kissed the tip of her nose, then lapped at her cheek. For the first time I felt her hands gently hold my sides, but I shook my body violently, and she let go instantly. To punish her I shot my head down to her neck, biting it and pulling away, licking my lips. 
