 Chapter 25 -- Experiment in Reality

Susan said, "This sounds a bit like a cult."

Dave chuckled. It wasn't the first time he'd heard the accusation about the Circle. In a way, every unique group was a cult in his mind. His old Christian church had been more of a cult than the Circle because of how they restricted everyone's thinking to only the rules and such they wanted the congregation to adhere to.

Alice nodded at Susan and shrugged, "Perhaps. We try to keep a lot of links to the outside world so we don't become too inbred or insular. Most of us work outside the Circle in some way. Most of our discussions are not about our philosophy, but about books we've read, TV shows, movies, current events, and more. We think we're pretty normal, well, except for our lifestyle about our intentional family."

"Why cohousing?" Susan asked, changing the angle of the conversation slightly.

Dave responded, "Eight of us that started the Circle were in the same neighborhood, but not next door to each other. As we became increasingly sexual, we wanted to be physically closer to each other. Our numbers were growing, too; and we annexed a few people who were not in our neighborhood, but wanted to be near one of us. The house Alice and I had filled up with my new wives. 

"One of our members suggested that we create a new project -- what turned into this cohousing project. As we did, we annexed the architect, his wife, and their daughter. We grew again."

Alice said, "What started this, and Susan this might apply to you, was that one of my friends decided that Dave and I needed to loosen up. We were fundamentalist evangelicals, and wound tighter than a spool of thread. That said, we were slowly realizing that something wasn't right in who we were or what we'd been taught. I guess we wanted something refreshing because we started our loosening up process with enthusiasm. Everything we did brought us closer to this." She gestured around at everybody and the homes.

The table talked more about the Circle, how it had formed, and some of the problems. Alice also talked about the loosening up process that Dori had put them through.

Susan asked Holly, "You came to the Circle because you were in love with Dave, but broadened out to everybody. What caused that?"

Holly said, "Dave had to sit me down and explain to me about being non-monogamous and not being exclusive. Those are part of the underpinning for the Circle. No one possesses anybody else. There's no ownership. Imagine if there was; one of the men might say, 'I ALLOWED my wife to have sex with so and so.' That statement means he owns her; he's her controlling owner or parent; he's her gatekeeper. This place is the most egalitarian group of people I've ever known. Consequently, I un-fixated from Dave and broadened my focus; and I'm so glad I did."

"How'd did you stop your fixation?"

Holly looked at Alice, almost for permission to speak.

Alice said, "Let me talk about this. Shortly after we had loosened up enough to have sex with others, a challenge was laid down for us by one of our members to spend the week with someone other than your spouse. I ended up paired with a man I really liked a lot named Owen. He happened to have the resources to take me to Paris and Rome for that week, and it remains the most romantic week of my life. I damn near left David to spend the rest of my life with him, but I stopped myself literally at the last second.

"The instant that I saw David after having been with the man for that week, I knew I had to make a decision. It wasn't a contest. I chose my husband. It was damn hard, because I wanted the other man, too. As it turned out, I got both of them, but I didn't know that at the time. I thought it was an either-or decision."

"How'd you let that man go if you felt that way? Say more."

"I had to focus on what I needed to let go of, and what I wanted to hold on to, and it wasn't the men; it was the underlying set of rules about relationships that I'd been raised with. As it turned out I had some stored up anger and resentment at David, and at myself. Much of that stemmed from the way I was raised and my church upbringing. We'd been co-enablers of that paradigm our whole time together. I realized I had been treated as a chattel unworthy of making it on my own. My father  'gave me away' at my wedding to David; what the fuck do you think that symbolizes; certainly not an egalitarian relationship. David and I went to church for years, and I received continuous messages to 'obey' and 'support the man of the house' and so on. David was fat, dumb, and happy, and doing what was expected of him by the church, our parents, and by me. He took care of HIS little wife -- his possession. I was his dependent and his submissive.

"When we started to loosen up, I realized how I had been put upon. So did David. He was more rabid about not possessing me than I was. We set about correcting all those past mistakes and nearly thirty years of upbringing. I didn't know it until I got with Owen and fell in love with another man, one that was also liberated but operating under the miasma of exclusivity. We all crawled out of a hole society had dumped us in. We were all supposed to conform but didn't."

David spoke up, "I thought for a while that the hardest part of our loosening up was 'allowing' Alice to have sex with another man. Somewhere in the midst of all our talking and trying new and sexy things, I realized that wasn't my big daunting issue. The real issue was turning her loose as an independent being. I wasn't sure how to relate to a wife that was my equal. Fact is, I had been a terrible partner, just muddling along following the rules I was taught as I gew up. I made some decisions without asking her, and then pushed off others on her without any support or guidance when I had all the facts. How would I live in an egalitarian relationship? I had no idea, and even today, I'm still learning -- and with four wives, too."

Alice said, "I realized if I went with Owen, it would be different but the same. He'd been raised in the same society and was trying to make the same breaks with tradition. I had to control my thoughts for a while, and force myself not to mope about having to 'give up' Owen and stay with good old Dave. I turned things around. I went through the grief process, too; denial, anger, and then exploration and acceptance. I forced myself to stop heaping my anger and stress on David. My thinking wasn't his problem; it was mine." She turned and patted Dave on his knee.

Alice went on, "Last, as part of my letting go or getting past my fixation was developing a vision of the life I wanted to have. Pam was already with us at that point, and I even tested whether I wanted her in my future life. Ultimately, I defined pretty much how we're living now, except it got better with the cohousing situation and being close to the people I love. I was short sighted as it turns out. I was too limiting in the number of people I would love. I was too conservative about what my sex life would be like."

"Would you change anything?" Susan asked.

"Not right now," Alice replied after a few seconds of thought. "I've never been happier. I got my cake and I can eat it, too. We pulled Owen into our Circle. He loves not only me but all of the others. I get to spend time and make love with him frequently. I admit we still have a strong connection just as I do, but even stronger, with Dave, but I made all the other connections I had in my life stronger, too."

Dale asked, "How do you hide all this at work?"

Alice laughed, "I don't. My boss is making out over there with one of our friends. He lives in that house over there. He's one of the Circle bachelors, like Owen, and we also make love frequently because we care so much about each other."

Dave said, "In fact, the woman he's making out with is my personal assistant, Nancy. She lives here, too. And, by the way, my promotion a few months back was partly due to my lifestyle, specifically having four wives. My boss got wind of it and figured that anybody that could be that creative in thinking outside the box about their personal life, could do the same thing at work with some of the stuff we do. I think that's proving to be the case. I have a license to be creative from him because of how I live. By the way, to my knowledge he doesn't know all of the details, but he's seen the trailer."

Dale asked, "Do you guys do kinky things?"

Dave and Alice looked at each other and laughed. Holly also got a chuckle.

Alice spoke, but mainly to Susan, "First, kinky is a relative term. What's kinky to one person is normal to the next. The group is not into sando-masochism, or bondage, or domination, or scat or water play. That stuff is too kinky even for all of us.

"We do have a few sex toys that we bring out once in a while. The massage table over there might be kinky for some people. Sometimes, a few of us will put on a sex show for the others to help get everyone revved up or just to be exhibitionists. We do like to watch each other have sex, particularly our spouses; thus, our Friday and Saturday orgies are probably considered kinky since they're group sex personified. The women are all comfortable having sex with each other, but the men aren't although two or three of them might gang up on one woman if that's what she wants.

"We have all discovered that sex is fun, too. We used to think of sex as serious and even taboo. Dave and I scheduled it for Wednesday and Saturday nights -- once, usually in a very dimly lit room. We had formula foreplay and afterglow activity of cleaning up. We stuck mostly to the missionary position. God, we were sad people.

"Now that we know sex can be fun, we'll play sexy games, even with the whole group of us. We do risqué things and I suppose some kinky things. Many of us have made a porn movie. A couple of us have written erotic stories, some even based exactly on what goes on in the Circle. Oh, we change the details and use disguises, but we play.

After some further conversation in the group, Alice wasn't surprised when Susan asked for a little private time with her. The women didn't bother to put on their bras, and simply walked between the two houses so they could take a walk around the circular perimeter road surrounding the ten houses and the core. Since it was a private road in a gated community, the only people they expected to meet on a Saturday would be another Circle member, and they were all already on the patio or in the core.

After reaching the sidewalk around the perimeter of the homes, Susan said, "Thanks for talking to me. Dale seems to have made his mind up that he wants this lifestyle, but I'm not sure he can handle it. He HAS been very possessive, as you were talking about a few minutes ago; I worry that he'd have a sense of loss and get jealous."

"Try some test situations," Alice recommended. "Then ask him what he thinks and talk to him about what something more intense or explicit would be like."

"We've done some of that. I guess Dave told him to experiment with flashing or interacting romantically with other men. I've gone along with that, and it has been fun and erotic and arousing, and I want more of that. I hope he's being realistic in his thinking. I think I am."

Susan asked, "One question, in your situation do you often interact with more than one man?"

Alice chuckled, "Sometimes. I enjoy being DPed or made air tight, but not on a steady diet. I've even done some gangbangs where we role played a few things. More than likely, given that we have more women than men, I end up in a threesome with a man and woman from the Circle."

"Do you and your sister ... you know, interact?"

"Yes. We didn't until she broke away from our parents and the rest of our family just the way I had to do. Fortunately, they live a thousand miles away, so the schism isn't as evident on a day-to-day basis as it might be. Yes, Julie and I love each other in many ways besides just being close sisters."

"What about your individual fetishes? Do those manifest in the group?"

Alice laughed, "Oh, yes. Julie, for instance, accurately describes herself as a 'cum slut.' She's developed a 'thing' for cleaning up messy cocks and pussies after couples in the Circle have made love. She loves the taste of cum and pussy juice mixed together. Needless to say, she's a popular adjunct to everybody at our group sex parties. I like being DPed. Kat is the consummate voyeur, so she has taken a job editing porn movies for the man in our Circle that films them. They're a good team. A couple of the men have a fetish about making love with a teenager, and, fortunately, we have Rachel who loves older men and loves to make love with them with almost no holds barred. She is of legal age, but she's also a teen and in high school."

They talked about some of the other aspects of the Circle, the group sex parties, and the lifestyle in the Circle. Alice was very open. Susan was like a sponge soaking up every fact and feeling about the group that she could. Susan also opened up about her interests and own fetishes, and hopes if the couple went the Circle route. In doing so, the two women created a unique bond between them. They walked around the neighborhood a third time.

Eventually, they cut back to the patio between two of the houses on Circle Drive. As they did, Alice pointed to the far corner of the patio near the pergola. Julie was lying on her back, with her legs wrapped around Roy's body. They were moving in a slow and sensual fuck. A number of the others were watching.

Alice said, "That's my sister and my boss. They do love each other."

"They're so tender with each other," Susan said. She watched the couple kissing tenderly and paying attention to how Roy stimulated Julie's breasts or clit with one hand or the other as he pumped his cock into her.

Susan added, "That's the first time I've ever seen another couple making love other than some Internet porn."

Dave and Dale were in the pool doing lazy laps and pacing each other. They both got out of the pool when the two women returned. The men were both nude and merely walked back to their chairs and joined the two barely clad girls.

Susan said to Dale, "Well, are you getting all your questions answered? Do you still think this is a lifestyle to which you aspire?"

"I do," Dale said firmly with a smile. He reached over and took her hand in a loving gesture.

Susan turned to Alice and said, "Is a test situation all right?"

Alice smiled at her and said, "It'd be perfect about now."

Susan stood in front of her chair and pulled down her bikini bottom. She left it lying in a clump on the patio, and then went and sat in Dave's lap. He was taken by surprise, but pleasantly as the gorgeous woman wiggled down atop his cock. There was no penetration, but their genitals were in tight contact. She leaned and kissed him, softly at first, but then with increasing ardor. Dave quickly escalated things to French kisses. He accurately guessed at what was happening and why.

When they broke apart, Susan turned to Dale and said, "What do you think?"

"I think what you're doing is sexy and arousing. I love it."

Susan said, "Our host has gotten a nice hard-on. You don't know for sure whether it's penetrated deep in my married pussy or not. He could have his cockhead right up against my cervix, and I could be flexing my pussy around his cock inviting a more robust fuck. In sixty seconds we could be lying on the chaise right there having wild and unbridled love with each other. I might end up with his cum dripping out of me the rest of the day ... or until he replenishes the supply by doing it to me again. Then again, maybe one of the other men here would do the honor by accepting sloppy seconds."

Dale was practically agog watching and listening to his wife taunt him with her vivid description. The taunts were serious, however; and designed to provoke a negative reaction if there were going to be one.

Alice leaned into Dale and asked, "Are you all right with what's happening? Your wife is fucking my husband. Are you cool with that? Are you jealous?"

Dale mumbled, "Not jealous. Cool. Very cool. Aroused. I didn't think she'd do this. If anything, I'm surprised by how willing she is to experiment ... or just join in wholeheartedly."

Alice could guess how her husband was feeling. She guessed that he indeed did have a massive hard-on buried beneath Susan's body. She leaned across the table towards Susan and said, "Show Dale what penetration looks like. You both want it."

Susan's eyes flared and she rose. As she did she repositioned so she was straddling David and facing her husband. She reached between her legs and took hold of Dave's erection with one graceful hand and massaged his shaft only a little bringing him to full hardness. The shaft was indeed firm and warm, and slick with both precum and some of her emissions that had already leaked onto him. She rubbed the glans up and down her slit as she watched Dale's eyes burn with intensity as he watched the impending union of body parts.

Susan said, "Should I? Would you like to see him fuck me? Do you want to see this beautiful, big cock fill my tight little pussy?"

Dale gasped out, "Yes. Do it."

Susan sank down and down and down and down on Dave's long shaft of pleasure. She moaned every millimeter of the way. "Ooooooh, God. Sooooo good."

With the cock completely inside her, she tilted her hips slightly towards Dale and asked, "What do you see, Honey?"

Dale mumbled a few coarse descriptive terms. "I see my friend's huge cock fucking you deep in your wet cunt. God, I can see the fluids from the two of you on the rim of your vaginal opening."

"Wrong, Honey," Susan said in a corrective tone. "What you are seeing is your wife falling in love with another man, a man that happens to have some very nice equipment so we can consummate our feelings of love and passion for each other. This isn't just a cock in a cunt; this is union of two soul mates for the first time. We will continue to do this over and over. You haven't lost me, but you've lost your exclusive rights to my tight little cunt. I'm going to share it with Dave and the other men around here from now on."

Dave turned Susan slightly, and they started to kiss intensely as their bodies moved in a slow and well-choreographed sexual dance. Both his hands fondled her gorgeous breasts, teasing the nipples to rigid points of lust.

Alice moved from her chair and talked to Mike who had just come from his house. Mike stripped off his bathing suit, and moved next to Susan and Dave. Without a moment's hesitation, Susan took his cock in her hand as Mike leaned in to kiss her. After the passionate kiss, she then brought the cock to her mouth and sucked on him, as Dave continued to thrust up into her body as she sat on his lap.

Alice went and teased Dale, but the teasing was bold and almost ruthless. She knew exactly what to do to push his emotions and feelings about the public sex his wife was having with TWO men.

Mike warned, "Babe, I'm near. You have a magic mouth."

Susan muttered a few words to him, and then engulfed his cockhead again. A minute later, Mike moaned and exploded into her mouth. Susan caught most of his ejaculation as rope after rope of white jizz blasted into her; however, she allowed some of the white sticky fluid to intentionally leak from her mouth onto her beautiful breasts. As Mike pulled away, she forced a little more so it ran down her chin onto her breasts.

Susan looked down at her chest, "Oh, dear, Honey. The nice man's cum is all over my chest. Whatever shall I do?"

Dave whispered up to her a few words; Susan replied; and seconds later, Dave blasted a gallon of his man juice into her cunt. They were locked together in a kiss of epic proportions. As Dave finished, Susan rose, and several large dollops of cum leaked from her pussy and splashed either on Dave's thighs or started to run down Susan's legs in a flagrant signal of the sex she'd just had. She and Dave kissed again as she bent over him.
