 Chapter 16 -- Unexpected Growth

Alice slept in one of the plush leather seats from the time she got into Owen's sleek corporate jet until the plane touched down at SRQ -- Sarasota's main airport.

The men were a little groggy, too. The four men had kept her company all night long, until early this morning when Ken had to head back to the airport and the 737 aircraft he'd left in pieces off to the side of one runway.

Ken, Dave, Doug, and Owen had taken turns having sex with Alice throughout the night. Ken got preferential treatment and privileges to help clear his head and get him grounded in his 'family'. On her part, Alice seemed insatiable; often insisting on the 'next man' in the informal rotation to come to her sexual needs as soon as one of the others finished trying to sate her desires.

Alice came awake as the wheels touched down and the plane began to brake. She stretched, "Oh, I feel so awesomely good. Thank you all for your assistance last night. I hadn't had a mini-gangbang since I got pregnant, and that was just what I needed. I think it all relaxed Ken, too."

Dave teased her, "Slut."

She laughed, "Asking or telling. I agree if you're telling. I kind of let Johnny change the libido of the family. This little away time, even with the near tragedy, made me wake up to the need to inject some spice back into the Prentiss family and to talk to all the women about doing that for the Circle.

Dave said, "You don't think the influx of some new women to the Circle, and two new men is doing that for us."

Doug reminded him, "We aren't formal members yet, but Pete and I are very willing. The women all seem to like us. We never hear an adverse comment, and if there are any we'd sure like to know about it."

Dave brushed his concern aside. "Some group discussion about the culture of the Circle -- past, present, and future -- would not be out of place, Alice. I'll help you remember and try to get a dialogue going between our opinion leaders."

The four of them came down the stairway from the jet, right in their own backyard. Julie was there to meet them with three of the golf carts. Dave and Alice rode back up with Julie, filling her in on some of the details about Ken's accident that their phone call late the night before hadn't communicated to Circle members. Most of the Circle had stayed up to hear them talk.

As they tuned into the TV in the hotel early that morning, Ken's interview was the lead news story along with some nighttime pictures of the plane lying slightly a kilter on it's belly in the corn field. The group had left Ken as he departed to head back for his initial meetings with the 'Alphabet Soup' as he'd called all the government agencies that would each have a finger in the pie regarding the accident.

Back at the house, they changed their clothes, and then Dave and Alice headed off to work. As they left they saw that Doug was taking the Cessna 152 to fly the short distance to Sky Ranch to head to work. Julie had said something about meeting Owen in an hour to go over some portfolio balancing recommendations she had for him.

