 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

Chapter 26 – Hidden Talent

Owen strolled onto the patio Tuesday evening. Alice had heard his corporate jet land a half-hour earlier. With the daylight savings time and summer hours, the sky was light until almost nine o'clock at night. There was a comfortable dusk that evening, a light soft breeze of warm air that truly caressed the body, and then the pleasure that one feels when a lover kisses your lips with true desire.

"Welcome home."

"Thank you. Julie should be up soon. She was getting some things ready in the plane for a trip she's taking tomorrow to New York City."

"Where were you two?"

"Hollywood. We decided to visit one of the studios I've invested in and talk about some additional investments. We left early by their standards so we could be home tonight. I bring a personal message for Dave from one of his fans."

Just then Dave came out of the core living room. He came to Owen, and the two men hugged and shook hands. Owen spoke after a few pleasantries had passed between the men.

Owen said, "I happened to see Scarlett Johansson yesterday when I was at the studios. We were taking a break, and she stopped me. YOU have a fan. I guess the two of you had quite a chat when she was at your Halloween party."

"We did talk, but I didn't think it was anything spectacular. On the other hand, she was spectacular and always is."

"I can tell you that she was deeply impacted by whatever you talked about. She said your conversation contained a lot about the philosophy of love, your family, the Circle as a larger intentional and extended family, philanthropy, and then your spirituality. I think she remembers every word. You were impressive apparently, and I can assure you that she's not easily impressed."

Dave bowed to the messenger. "I'm glad I pleased someone. I liked her very much, and not because she was some celebrity. She's got an inner warmth that comes through when she's willing to set aside all the Hollywood falseness as she did that evening."

"Oh, you did more than please her. She wants to visit with you again. I told her she could drop in, and that she could stay for as long as she wanted. I also told her she could bring he little girl, Rose. Matthew needs a playmate."

Dave chuckled, "I don't exactly see an A-list movie star hanging out with us, but I'd be overjoyed to be her host. She's beautiful and has a thoughtful mind. I think she's one of the most beautiful women in the world."

"I'll let you know if I hear anything further from her, but in the meanwhile you know you have a fan."

Owen went off to his house leaving the couple.

Alice teased, "Hey, maybe you can get Scarlett to join the Circle. I bet she would if you gave her one of your super-orgasms. She'd become your sex slave."

Dave chortled. "You know that's not why I do that. I want to deliver the most pleasure I can to my partners. I want them to go to a whole new dimension in mind, body, and spirit."

"Sex slave. Just what I said," Alice teased. 

Dave sat and stared up at the sky for a few moments.

Alice asked, "What do you really think about Alice Angel getting nominated for an academy award?"

"I think all of you deserve it. You did star quality performances in every one of your films, but I guess I don't know what'll happen if you win. You put a lot of effort into making those films look authentic and erotic."

Alice added, "So did Emily and Kat. Anything that was really good only came about because of Mike's directing and Kat's editing. All I had to do was fuck like I meant it and I did."

Dave pondered, "I wonder what it's like to edit your own porn film. Do you suppose it's harder because you knew what you were feeling or thinking about?"

"Ask Kat. We're all nervous now. We want to win but we don't."

"Why don't you?"

"I'd have to wear a disguise all the time to be Alice Angel – the best fuck in the world. Emily would be the best mature threesome fuck and cocksucker. Kat, too. Mike even got a laugh out of thinking of himself as some super-stud. We all think it's a lark. At least around our hometown, I can hopefully escape the notoriety."

"So, no one has ever outed you?"

"Emily is the only one that really got discovered by civilians – non-Circle members. She worried so much about what her friends would think of her, and then she found the opposite reaction. They idolize her. They keep asking her to set them up with a date to make a movie and get the stuffing fucked out of them."

Dave asked, "And Mike's not interested?"

"He politely told her he had his mature 'star' and planned to focus on her, but he'd think about their requests. Maybe YOU should just fuck their stuffing out sometime and call it an audition," Alice teased.

"I have you, darling. I don't need anybody else."

Alice laughed. "You have three other wives and twenty-six or more other women who are in love with you and who you also love. There's always room for a few more. In this case I remember some quote by Benjamin Franklin about having an older woman as a mistress because they enjoyed being sneaky about it, were unlikely to get pregnant, and they were so grateful."

"Realist," Dave said sotto voce. "I'm doing just fine on my own without someone recruiting candidates for me."

Alice laughed.

Dave added, "I might just make an exception for Scarlett Johansson."

"She's younger than you."

"She's also considerably richer and has considerably more talent than I have."

 * * * * * * * * * *