 My boyfriend and I were 18 & seniors in high school and we could not wait to have sex. We started our usual walk toward the bus which involved a short-cut through a park. We bought sodas and sat at a picnic table to talk while we waited for the bus. 

We started kissing heavily. Soon we started rubbing, fondling, grabbing, and squeezing each other's yummy places. He unbuttoned my blouse and started kissing and sucking his way down my chest to my big breasts and hard nipples. As he was doing that, I started rubbing his already hard cock through his jeans. I undid his belt as I felt strong hands fondling my breasts. I opened the button and unzipped his jeans as I felt his hot breath against my skin. I moved his boxers out of the way and started stroking his throbbing cock as my hard nipple entered his mouth. One of his hands was squeezing my breast while the other made its way up my skirt to my soaked thong. I could smell my juicy cunt and knew that I couldn't wait anymore. I turned my body to face him and I could see the lust in his eyes. I wrapped my legs around him and gave him a wicked grin. I could hear people passing by, making comments, but I didn't care. I wanted to fuck. I could see a few people watching as I guided his prick toward my shaved pussy. He moaned as my tight cunt stretched to accommodate him. I could not believe I was to turned on. 

I started riding him slowly, enjoying every last inch of manhood. 

A few of the spectators were masturbating while watching our antics.

He hiked my skirt up around my waist and grabbed my round ass so that he could thrust harder into me. I started bouncing up and down faster and harder on his dick. I could feel my orgasm approaching and knew he would not last much longer. He was sucking my nipples and my head was thrown back in pleasure. He slipped one of his fingers into my asshole and I yelled as my orgasm shook my body. I could feel him start to thrust harder and it felt like another inch of his cock slid into my contracting pussy. He then let out a guttural moan and I could feel his sticky cum shooting into me. I was still cumming while he was thrusting into me his last drop of cum. 

We were sitting there holding onto each other in post coital bliss for what seemed like hours. I was then startled by a hard object pressing against my ass. By this time my boyfriend had gone soft and was starting to pull away. He was oblivious to what was going on. Whoever was behind me then slid a finger into my pussy and then slid it into my ass. I looked at my boyfriend and he had a strange look in his eyes. He looked upset and turned on at the same time. At that moment, I looked around me and realized that the spectators were now gathered around us wanting to join in our fun. We smiled at each other and decided it would be a great idea. 

I started pushing back against the person behind me. I was surprised to realize it was a girl in one of my classes. The hard object pressing against me was a vibrator. She told me to sit on the table with my legs spread. I looked at her pretty face as she leaned in and planted a kiss on my clit. I took in a deep breath wondering what she was going to do. She started licking my cum soaked pussy from ass to clit. She used her thin tongue to stick in my pussy to lick out the rest of my boyfriends cum. At the same time, she started to slide the vibrator slowly in and out of my ass. She started licking and sucking hard on my clit as she moved the vibe in and out faster. I started getting close to cumming when she stopped. I started to protest when one of the cute guys from the band came over to me and guided his cock to my ass. He pushed in and started moving slowly. His cock was as thick as my boyfriend's, but we had never had anal before. The band guy told me he was not going to last long and encouraged me to play with my clit. I was laid back on the table with my legs wide open having my ass fucked for the first time when the cute chick started lowering herself onto my face. She was thin and lean with small perky breasts and a beautifully trimmed pussy. I started to do the same things to her that she did to me. The band guy started going faster into me, so I stepped up the tempo with the pixy looking girl. I licked and sucked her clit feverishly while I worked on my own clit. I had no idea anal sex would feel so good. 

Just then the band guy told me to get on all fours on the table. The pixy complained, but got up. She called one of the J.R.O.T.C. guys over and told him to lay on the table. He opened his pants and told me to ride him. I kept staring at his dick because I could not believe my eyes. His cock was huge! I didn't think I could get it in, but I was going to try. I lowered myself slowly, but then the ROTC guy put his hands around my waist and impaled me onto him. I was about to yell, but I had pixy pussy on my mouth. She was standing up with one leg over my shoulder. She told the band guy to finish and she grabbed my hair and pushed my face into her snatch. 

I was riding the ROTC guy when the band guy started pushing his cock against my ass again. I could not believe I was going to be in a DP! The band guy and ROTC guy took turns sliding in and out of me while I ate the pixy girl. I heard a lot of moaning and grunting. I didn't think I could take anymore. The pixy girl kept pushing my head against her and started to shake. I could feel her pussy juice running down my face and I heard her yell as her orgasm overcame her. The guys got really turned on by this and started moving in and out faster and harder. I then felt my orgasm, which must have triggered there's. Both guys were now mercilessly shoving and pounding into me, grunting as they came into my recesses.

I blacked out for a few moments after that. When I woke up, I realized the fun had just begun.