 Monday

Lori dragged me from bed and somehow convinced me to join her on her morning run. She swore, after I nearly collapsed, that it got easier. I seriously have my doubts.

At any rate, we were standing by my locker when Vanessa walked in and, just as Lori had suspected, she was wore a light jacket in addition to her picked clothes. Lori demanded she remove it, immediately! Eyes downcast, she slowly peeled it off.

She looked incredible! And, judging by how far her nipples were poking through both the tank top and the hoodie, she was either very cold or very aroused. I know which one I picked.

Eric walked up and Vanessa latched onto him, almost as if to use him as a shield from any passing eyes while we stood talking. 

At first bell, Lori shook her head at Vanessa, "Come on, time for your punishment." leading her away while whispering in her ear.

Watching Lori drag Vanessa into the girls' bathroom, Eric commented that they seemed to be getting along pretty well. I explained that Lori realized Vanessa has a whole lot more to lose if her pictures leaked and that they had come to an agreement of some sort.

Second period. The girls sat together talking, only stopping long enough to say 'Hi' to Eric and me. Vanessa was still fully zipped but she blushed when Lori told her to 'get on with it'. Vanessa stood and quickly left the room as Lori laughed. About 10 minutes later, she returned, arms crossed, and sat looking...worried.

Lunch was the same: I walked in, they both said 'Hi' before Vanessa left only to return 10-15 minutes later, hugging her purse and looking flushed. Lori just shrugged when I asked her what was going on.

In the meantime, Brooke and Britt were all sorts of questions asking about everything that happened after we dropped them off until Brooke asked the big one "Did you guys have, like, an orgy?"

Vanessa was just sitting down as Lori started explaining, in vivid detail, what happened after we'd dropped them off, stroking my leg the entire time. Brittany gasped and Brooke made a face when Lori described how it felt to, as she put it, 'take it in the butt'. She then continued describing their 'fight' and naked walk through the hotel back to the room. The B's just rolled their eyes in disbelief.

Lori glossed over the part about Eric leaving but when she told a brief version of Vanessa's attempted blackmail, they were both shocked!

Brooke looked at Vanessa and angrily asked "What the hell were you thinking?!" but, before she could answer, Lori instructed Vanessa to tell them about her new bracelet and what it meant, Britt and Brooke looked back and forth between the four of us like it was all a joke and we were trying to pull a fast one. When Vanessa told them about leaving the hotel naked, Brooke finally called 'bullshit'.

Vanessa pulled out her phone and proudly showed them the picture of her standing barely clothed, next to the guy in the elevator then naked next to Eric's truck in the hotel parking lot! Eric looked around, nervously. He was clearly uncomfortable with the new Vanessa.

"Holy!" exclaimed Britt, "You mean she really has to do whatever you tell her?" 

"Pretty much." responded Lori, smugly. "That or face a punishment."

"What kind of punishment?" asked Brooke in almost a whisper.

"Well, for example, I picked out Vanessa's clothes for today: the hoodie, a little white tank, skirt, and shoes and socks," looking at Eric, "No panties and no bra" then back to the Bs. "She came in today wearing a jacket. In this heat?!" Lori shook her head in disappointment. "She had to be punished."

Still not really believing, Britt asked "So, how did you punish her?"

"Show them." said Lori.

"Please! Not here." Vanessa begged.

"I told you what would happen if you refused." warned Lori.

Vanessa reached into her purse and brought out her tank. 

Lori grinned. "All of it."

Vanessa's face paled as she glanced around furtively before slowly pulling down her zipper. We could see something in her cleavage. She stopped and looked around again before unzipping far enough to see the letter 'S' in black marker in the middle of her chest. 

"ALL!" commanded Lori. Vanessa jumped but she pulled the zipper down below her breasts. "Spread 'em! Let them see." Vanessa looked around as if she was searching for a way out but, with a sigh, she reached up and pulled her firm breasts apart. Straight down between them, in black marker, was the word 'SLUT'. 

"OH. MY. GOD!" came from Britt. Brooke started laughing. 

Eric looked around then copped a quick feel causing Vanessa to squeak! He may not like the new Vanessa but he was still a guy. The rest of us started laughing and she quickly pulled the zipper back up.

Brooke and Britt started asking about everything, from the 'why' to the limits. "So, if Lori tells you to take you top off, right here, you would?"

Vanessa looked at Lori, meekly "Yes."

That caused me to smile. We hadn't really discussed limits but before I could say anything, Lori clarified "She would have to do something pretty severe to deserve a punishment for something that extreme."

Britt asked "How...what other, um, punishments are there?"

"We haven't made a list but it could be anything from a quick spanking to flashing her hot little body." Then, with a significant look at me, "I have some other ideas I'm working on."

"You let them spank you?" asked Britt. There was something on her voice when she asked that made me think there was more than a passing interest.

Vanessa licked her lips before responding. "Yes. Eric and Lori both spanked me until I could barely sit." She was turning pink but I had seen her whole body turn dark red and her nipples looked ready to cut through her hoodie: I would have bet every nickel I've ever owned that she was getting turned on to a level beyond anything she had known before! However, with a quick glance at Lori, she made sure everyone knew that she had deserved her spanking. As a punishment, of course. I half smiled as I watched her eyes flick from face to face.

There were more questions but the bell rang. "Vanessa, why don't you walk to class with Brittany? Brooke and I will meet you there. OH! And you need to be sure you answer her questions or I might send her with you..." and cut herself off with a look to me. "I think Brooke and I need to talk."

I saw the looks pass between the four of them and got the hint.

Eric said he'd see me after school and took off. I'm not sure whether he was escaping or just in a hurry.

Lori looked back and caught me watching her and Brooke's butts as they walked down the hall before whispering something to Brooke and they both burst out laughing. I didn't care, I enjoyed my time noticing the little differences between the way their dresses swayed with each step.

Vanessa almost ran from the room when I walked in. Brittany watched her go with a smile then she made room for Brooke and Lori. I wandered over to the other side of the room and talked to some of my team. We discussed the slideshow and the options for music then ran through it one last time.

I noticed that when Vanessa came back about 10 minutes later she was quickly cornered by the Bs. I finally stepped in to rescue her when she looked like she was close to panicking. All the while Lori sat back and watched with a sly grin.

She was late to English but Ms. White let her in. Her prominent nipples led the way into class and there was no way the rest of the class didn't notice. Head down and blushing furiously, she took her seat in front of me and studiously ignored the looks she was getting. 

Study Hall was, well...the Bs left Vanessa alone and instead of her leaving, Lori had her join us at our table, having her sit across from us with her zipper almost all the way down telling her "You have your instructions."

However uncomfortable she may have been in the Lunchroom, it did not follow her to the Library. Her hand was busy wandering up and down her exposed chest, nudging aside her firm flesh to trace the letters that Lori had written. 

Lori watched her intently. When Vanessa noticed, she stopped. Hesitating for a moment, Vanessa pulled her top open, completely exposing her breasts as she looked at me but whispered to us both "I'm sorry for what I tried to do yesterday. I was wrong and I deserve my punishment."

I looked at Lori, who appeared to consider what Vanessa had said. "You're right. You do deserve it and if you...you know..."

"I won't! I promised! Please?!" Vanessa begged in a whisper, "You promised!"

"I did. And you better remember what you are and are not supposed to do." Vanessa nodded vigorously. "Then maybe it's time for you to go further."

Groaning softly, Vanessa glanced at me then back to Lori before closing her eyes and nodding. Leaning back in her chair, she let her hoodie fall open and started to rub and pull on her fat nipples before one hand slowly slid lower.

Lori watched for a couple of minutes then went back to her homework.

Something was going on! I mean, more than the obvious and definitely more than I thought they'd established yesterday.

I tried to get Lori's attention but she shook her head, intentionally ignoring me until she deliberately dropped her pencil on the floor and asked me to pick it up.

Bending down, I was treated to the sight of Vanessa's other hand rubbing her glistening, bare, lips! Lori had to punch my arm twice before I sat up again and handed her the recovered pencil. 

It wasn't possible for me to concentrate on homework anymore. I'd only ever seen Lori masturbate before I couldn't tear my eyes away! Then, Vanessa would occasionally close her eyes and bite her bottom lip before putting her hands on the table for a few minutes before starting over. 

I was tempted to drag Lori back to the encyclopedias but when I looked at her, she smiled and, surely knowing what I was thinking, shook her head.

I found myself watching Vanessa almost getting off for most of the hour, I mean, it wasn't like I could ignore her!

Just before the last bell, Lori's voice startled me when she reminded Vanessa of her task to get Eric's phone and delete all of the pictures with a warning that if she didn't there may be a show at lunch! She also told her that she could not have sex with him other than to give him a hand-job or maybe a blowjob. Then, after pretending to think about it, she said "You used to brag about how good you were at giving hand-jobs before you and Eric started dating, why don't you do that tonight. Just remember if you...cheat...you won't get what you want and I get to pick a new punishment."

Vanessa protested that she had only done it two or three times before Eric and she had most definitely not bragged about it!

"Well good!" Lori responded, "That means you need the practice! Now zip up and try to look presentable."

As we walked to the parking lot, Lori told her that she would be over later to help pick out her clothes before asking when her Mother was coming home.

Vanessa wasn't sure; work had been keeping her busy and she might be gone for another week.

Smiling, Lori reminded her that she needed to be naked whenever she was at home. If her Mother happened to return then she was to say that she was experimenting with nudism!

I didn't really think she would do it but there wasn't much reason to worry, her Mother was rarely home and so liberated that she'd probably join Vanessa by getting naked as well. I had seen her in a bikini by the pool in the past and was kind of hopeful!

On the ride home, Lori sat next to me absently stroking my thigh. I asked her what she was doing and her reply surprised me, "I'm punishing her. It's what she wants."

Pointing to my obvious erection, I asked if she was punishing me too. "If I help you now you'll be too tired to go to work." She knew better but didn't stop. Instead, she did everything she could to make it worse, rubbing me from chest to crotch, paying particular attention to my straining shaft.

When we got home, Lori leaned over and gave me an intensely passionate kiss while she continued to rub and squeeze my dick through my jeans. Then, just as I moved my hands to her chest, she broke away. "It's a shame Mom is home and you have to go to work..." hopping out, she continued her teasing, "I'll give you some time alone and see you inside."

I glared after her and couldn't help but thinking that she really was punishing me as well as Vanessa. Waiting a few more minutes, I followed her inside and found her talking to Mom. I mumbled something about having to go to work as I passed through.

As it was, I was so distracted that the guy at the CO-OP had to call my name several times before I heard him tell me they were ready to load my truck.

Driving to the farm, I found myself trying to imagine Lori and Vanessa together, Lori going down on Vanessa. Vanessa going down on Lori while Lori was...it took forever to unload my truck or so it seemed. That was all I was able to do so I gave up and called it an early day.

When I got home, Lori was helping Mom in the kitchen. I joked that we were running low on Pepto and she just stuck her tongue out at me. Then, with a sad shake of her head and significant glance 'down', she reminded me that she had to go to Vanessa's after dinner.

After dinner Lori took the truck to Vanessa's but before she left, she took me outside and apologized for leaving me like she had and promised to make it up to me when she got home. Her apology came with several smoldering hot kisses, which led to more kissing and a lengthy goodbye.

With Lori gone, I used the time to review and edit the pictures from when Lori and Vanessa posed with Tony after Prom. As promised, I emailed a couple of them to him. If he did show them around, it would hard to tell it was Lori or Vanessa unless they were standing right there (I hoped!) Then I started to watch one of the DVDs he had given me but had to stop, watching Lori and I go at it was almost enough to make me call her home early!

Instead, I went downstairs and watched TV with Mom where I fell asleep before Lori returned and, according to her, I resisted all her efforts to get me to bed.

She was, however, able to wake me up early enough to go jogging.

Showering with a horny Lori isn't easy but we were running behind as it was and couldn't afford to be late to school! Damn it!

Lori showed surprising restraint in how she dressed Vanessa: sweat-shirt, jeans, the 'bracelet', and tennis shoes. Pretty much what she'd been wearing before she started dating Eric.

As soon as she saw us, her shoulders sagged but allowed a smiling Lori to lead her off towards the bathroom. I shrugged, something was going on but I didn't get a chance to ask. Not that I would get an answer until she was ready, but I could hope.

Eric walked up in time to see them leaving, "Is she still my girlfriend?" The way he'd asked made me wonder which answer he wanted to hear.

"This is between them. I'm Lori's and as far as I know, you and Vanessa are still together. Besides, didn't you guys go out last night?"

Looking around, he shrugged, "We didn't go out. She came over and...we didn't go out." He didn't say anything more about it so I let it drop.

Calculus was normal until Lori nudged Vanessa and pointed to the clock. She got up and asked to go to the restroom then returned just before the end of class.

At Lunch, I found Vanessa waiting by the door as I came in; she left and was gone for at least 15 minutes.

When I asked about it, Lori assured me she'd tell me later. When Vanessa came back, she sat next to Eric and acted like nothing was out of the ordinary.

Britt and Brooke chose to ignore everything and we managed to have a semi-normal conversation.

Vanessa repeated her lengthy bathroom breaks in Yearbook and English. It was obvious, to me at least, what she was doing but I was still missing something.

When Vanessa sat down at our desk in Study Hall she looked to be having trouble focusing and the pleading look she gave Lori when she was asked '10 or 15?' was close to desperation but she got up and marched away. It was closer to 20 minutes before she returned.

Looking at Vanessa's frazzled state, Lori just nodded before returning to her homework.

After school, I had to work again and, thankfully, the girls had kept it at a lower level for the day so I wasn't as distracted. Still, the random images of Vanessa masturbating or the memory of them both walking through the hotel naked or any number of different things that only an 18-year-old's oversexed imagination could conjure up would suddenly pop into my head and it would be a struggle to focus on what I was doing. So, yeah, I went to work but I didn't really get anything accomplished.

Lori and Vanessa had taken off to go shopping with a sincere promise to be mostly good. I didn't think that I really needed to but, just in case, I reminded them both of MY Rule. With a kiss, Lori promised and said they'd be back later.

'Later' was an understatement. It was close to eleven when Lori snuck into our room.

I was watching Letterman and dozing when she entered carrying a couple of bags and then hurried off to shower.

She crawled into bed in just my t-shirt. When I asked what they had been up to, Lori avoided the question with the casual "Shopping!" answer but much more directly she told me "I didn't touch her except to hold her hand in the mall when she tripped."

She tried to get me to Love her. Just to be contrary, I told her 'No.' but said that we might do something tomorrow after dinner with her parents.

Wednesday.

Wake, jog, shower, school. Lori didn't try anything as we showered. I was a little disappointed.

OK, I was a lot disappointed.

Vanessa was dressed in a long grey sweatshirt that fell just below her knees and black tights. Lori told me later that she'd used a pair of scissors to make some alterations, effectively making them crotch-less! She looked like she was already hot.

Unlike the previous two days, Vanessa stayed in class the whole time but quickly disappeared afterwards, rushing down the hall to the bathrooms. She repeated this every time I saw her except for Study Hall.

All period I waited for something to happen, trying in vain to study but I couldn't focus. I'd look at Vanessa then to Lori. She would smile each time but never looked up. Then I would read the same paragraph before I looked up again. I had never been so anxious for a bell to ring!

I confronted Lori at the truck but she just gave me the vague promise that I would understand 'later' before telling me that they had an appointment and I would see her in time for dinner. Giving her a 'look', I trudged off to work.

Mindless labor is a great thing. I dug post holes and set posts while I let my mind work on whatever it wanted to, which really wasn't a good idea as I kept trying to figure out what Lori was up to and kept coming up with two answers. Neither of which I wanted to think about.

I trusted Lori with Vanessa but something was going on in her head and I didn't know what it was. Resolving to get to the bottom of it, I did my best to put it out of my mind.

I finished setting a post stood back to rest and looked across the farm. I was rebuilding the fence between the Northquarter and the Jacobs Place. My Grandfather bought the farm from Mr. Jacobs about 40 years ago to help him out. It was mostly unfarmable because it's covered in trees; the only good thing it has is a sizable lake.

Lost in thought, I walked over to the lake's edge, it was definitely big enough to ski on and, with a little work, it would be great place for a cabin.

It was just a hazy idea but I could see a cabin 'there' and a picnic table 'there'. The more I thought about it the more I knew I wanted to make it happen.
