 Note: This is another Mike and Frank story, it is about consensual sex between two adult men. 

If you don't like reading about homosexual sex, please don't continue. All others, enjoy! 

*****

Ah, summer! Glorious sunshine during the day and sultry warmth during the night. A time for festivals and outdoor celebration and, yes, al fresco sex. I was a big fan of all of them, but my favorite summer pastime was fucking and getting fucked outside. I was not especially particular about whom to have the sex with and I had had my fair share of nocturnal outdoor trysts with both men and women.

Tonight, however, I was at a party with Mike, with whom I shared a deep friendship and a special sexual connection. We had been friends for a very long time, in kindergarten at first and later in school. In school we also discovered our sexual compatibility in a threesome with his girlfriend. After the end of that relationship we had continued our erotic journey together and had progressed from jack-off sessions to mutual masturbation and blowjobs.

Now that Mike and I lived in different cities we couldn't meet as often as we used to, but we managed to get together at least twice a month and we had been using those regular meetings to broaden our sexual horizon considerably by including sex toys and, finally, anal sex which had been everything I had expected it to be and more.

Although I was quite dominant in normal life, during sex I was happy to play the submissive part: I liked being sucked, but I loved sucking off Mike even more. Taking his dick in my ass was an even better feeling and taking his cum anywhere was just pure bliss. 

At the party we had met many of our friends and most of the evening we had spent talking to other people, but Mike had been texting me surreptitiously all night what he was going to do with me when we got home. Needless to say, I was pretty worked up and eager to get going, but suddenly he was nowhere to be seen.

When I met him when I came out of the bathroom he took a quick look around and then pulled me into the host's bedroom when he was sure that no one saw us. Inside he pushed me on the bed and, standing in front of me, opened his pants and pulled down his boxershorts to reveal a raging hard-on.

"Suck it!" he hissed, "suck it, bitch! God, all those texts have made me so fucking horny, I am ready to feed you my cum right here and now!"

I grinned at him and then put my hands on his hips, staring his one-eyed monster in the, well, eye. It was a magnificent piece of flesh. His glans was an angry red and glistened with precum and on his long, thick shaft you could see the veins pulsing. His hairless balls were hanging heavily between his legs and I took them in my left hand, rolling them around in their sack.

"Damn it, stop playing." Mike spat.

He grabbed my head and pushed it towards his dick. I opened my mouth obligingly and wrapped my lips around his dickhead.

"Ummm," I said, savoring his slightly sweaty taste, then pushing down as far as I could. At the same time I started to massage his balls in earnest with my left hand and my right hand was busy wanking his dick in time with my sucking.

Pretty soon I heard Mike's breath quicken and I knew that it wouldn't be long before he would shoot his cum into my mouth. I let his cock slip from it for a second and looked up to him.

"Are you sure you want to cum right now? I was hoping for some longer action later."

"Don't worry," he breathed heavily, "I am so fucking horny tonight, one orgasm is far from enough for me. Now suck it and take my cum, you cum-whore! You know you want it!"

He was of course right. We had spent the day at a nearby lake and the sun had definitely filled our libido to capacity. The only thing that had kept us from fucking in the woods at that time were our friends who had come to the lake with us.

I took Mike's cock back into my mouth and started sucking again. The short interruption had reduced his urgency, so I decided to help things along a bit by pushing my middle finger into his asshole as far as it would go. I moistened my finger in the sweat that had collected behind his balls and circled his sphincter with my fingertip. 

Realizing what I was about to do, Mike widened his stance to make it easier for me to push into him. When we had recently progressed to anal sex, Mike had been the active one for the most part, but occasionally he had insisted on reversed roles and he had liked the feeling of his prostate being pummeled so much that he had taken to wearing a big butt plug while fucking me from time to time. 

So when I now slowly eased my finger into his ass he let out a deep sigh and when I was far enough in to reach his sweet spot he started coming with a vengeance. 

His first shot hit the back of my throat and I swallowed it quickly. Since I wanted to savor his taste I let his dick slip from my mouth a little until its head lay on my tongue which Mike coated liberally with his seed. I counted six spurts until he was done. When he was, I closed my mouth again and sucked softly on his sensitive glans to coax what cum was left in him from his cock. When I was satisfied that he had given me all I wanted I let his dick slip from my mouth and looked up to him.

"Oh, wow, that was intense," Mike said breathlessly. "Let me see what's in your mouth! Wow, that was quite a load, wasn't it? Do you want to swallow it, bitch?"

I nodded enthusiastically.

"Well, ok, but wait until we're back outside. I want to watch you swallow when a pretty girl is talking to you," he said with a diabolic grin while he was zipping his pants. "Let me just make sure there are no traces of my cum in your face. We want our little secret to stay hidden, don't we?"

Then he pulled me up from the bed and looked at my face, wiped a little bit of cum off my chin and licked it off his finger.

"Mmmhh, I do taste great, I have to admit. No wonder you use every chance to suck my sweet juices," Mike said, laughing. "There, all clean, let me go first. No one needs to see us leave a bedroom together." 

He gave my painfully erect dick a squeeze through my pants and opened the door, carefully looked around and then signalled me to come. Seconds later we were back on the patio and Mike steered me purposefully towards a group of friends which included our former classmate Emma, a girl we both had had the hots for throughout most of our final year, without success, though.

Emma was a pretty blonde with an athletic body (she was on her college's swim team) with tits that were just bigger than a handful and a firm, round ass that I would have given almost everything to hold in my hands. She smiled when she saw us coming.

"Hey guys, I have been looking for you! I thought you might have gone home already, but then I realized that Mike and Frank are never the first to leave a party. And I was right!"

She winked at me and put her hand on Mike's arm. Then she stopped short and raised her hand to my face. "Hold still, Frank, you seem to have some soap in your hair." Before I could stop her she had used two fingers to remove what was certainly not soap from my hair. She smelled it, smelled it again and then smiled that impish smile that I so liked about her. 

"Well, that is quite a particular fragrance. I wonder how it got into your hair, Franky-boy."

I looked at Mike imploringly who gave a slight nod and then I finally swallowed his load. It felt great when it slid down my throat and I almost forgot to be embarrassed for a second.

Before I could say something Mike smiled at her and said: "It is actually not soap, Em, it's banana juice. Frank was a little overenthusiastic when he mixed a cocktail, that's all. Here, let me lick it off your finger."

He reached for her hand, but she was faster and stuck her finger into her mouth.

"Mmhh, yeah, you were right, Mike, it is juice. But is it really banana?" She was grinning now, then she leaned forward and said in a low, but triumphant voice: "I knew it! I just knew it! Chrissy (Mike's ex whom we had had a threesome with) told me but I didn't believe her at first. But then I started paying attention to the way you guys behaved when you felt unobserved and I thought 'No way those two are just best friends' and I was right! Now tell me, who takes it up the ass? Is it you, Mike? Or you, Frank?"

I was speechless, absolutely speechless. Never in a million years had I expected anyone to even have a hunch of what was going on between Mike and me.

Mike looked shocked, too, but he recovered faster than I did.

"I have no idea what you're talking about, Em."

"Oh, please," she snorted, "do you think I don't know what cum tastes like? I've sucked my fair share of dicks at college, you know, and I know that that stuff was no banana juice or something, that was dick juice, Mike, and if I'm not completely mistaken it was yours!"

There was an uncomfortable silence in which I recovered a little. I said:

"Em, what if you were right? I'm not saying that you are, but what if?"

She smiled, looked at both of us and replied:

"I want to see it!"

Disbelief spread over Mike's and my faces. "Huh?" 

"I want to see it, I said. I want to watch you guys do it. I want to see how one of you sticks his dick in the other's asshole and fucks him till he cums. Was that clear enough for you?"

Mike spluttered: "Yeah, erm, but, erm, why?"

"Because I have always wanted to see it. Just thinking about it makes me so horny that I want to finger myself and seeing it would be so much better!"

Mike and I looked at each other in disbelief - was that really the Emma we had both been fantasizing about for so long? Suddenly a whole different night seemed possible.

To be continued.