 I arrange to loan out my wife to my friends

~~~~~~~~~~

This is primarily a work of fiction. There are two scenes (Georgia Tech and Buckhead) that happened exactly as written, but to claire (sic). Everything else that happens to Lori happens only in my imagination. This is a world in which there are no STDs, birth control is universal (and free!) and Lori, while at first quite apprehensive and sometimes scared, totally trusts me and enthusiastically welcomes everything that I arrange for her.

~~~~~~~~~~

Some time ago there was a set of photographs I came across that showed a Wife blindfolded, tied and displayed on a loading dock attached to what looked to be an abandoned warehouse. The accompanying story stated that the Husband leaves her there for his friends to collect and use for their pleasure. I have always been intrigued about that and have decided to explore how she got to that point.

Enjoy. 

~~~~~~~~~~

Lori was flat on her back. Her arms were wrapped around me, hugging me to her breasts. She said she always enjoys feeling my chest hair rubbing her nipples, and she was moving underneath me. 

I, of course, was between her legs, balls deep in her pussy. I had been there for several minutes, thrusting and sliding and circling and had managed to bring Lori to one orgasm. She was nearing another as I lifted myself on my arms and stared down into her face. Her unfocused eyes were half closed as she concentrated on the sensations coming from the friction in her pussy. What happened next was completely unplanned, out of the blue.

As I looked into her eyes, I spoke. Where the words came from, I do not know. Probably they stemmed from a long held fantasy. They might have come from the expression on the faces of the guys who had seen her just an hour ago. Whatever...

"I think it's time we get someone in here to watch you get fucked." 

Oh, shit!

Immediately I cringed, not sure what her reaction might be. As she registered my voice, then the words and what they meant, her eyes opened, focused on mine and she took a deep breath. Then in a rush of sibilants, she spoke and then convulsed into her climax.

"Yesss, oh, Mike, oh yesss, ohhh..."

That's all the permission I need.

~~~~~~~~~~

It took years to get Lori to where I wanted her. Initially the goal was for her to be naked in public. Then, one day, I found I needed her to do more, much more.

I introduced exhibitionism early in our marriage, telling her the classic line about beautiful she was and how I wanted to see all of her all of the time. Sundresses lent themselves well for that: strapless, with elastic holding up the bodice. I got her used to having the top pulled down while we drove around, exposing her breasts and nipples. At the same time, I would lift the skirts of the dress, exposing her panties, and, as they came to be left at home, her pussy. As I said, years, but once she got her mind into it, things progressed very nicely.

When we went for our-after-Midnight drives, Lori learned to be exposed in the car, her top pulled down, her skirts pulled up, trusting the darkness to hide her. We cruised the roads, my hand between her thighs. She became more comfortable as time passed, allowing me expose her in the day. Her confidence came from one observation: that very, very few people ever look into another car.

One night I made sure she was seen. We were downtown on Peachtree Street. Georgia Tech was hosting and there were students and fans walking all over before the evening game. As we went up Peachtree past North Avenue I had her top down, the seatbelt between her breasts the only thing covering her from the waist up. We hit a stoplight. After we had sat for several seconds three guys started to cross from our right.

Lori did not seem to worry. As I said, people just don't look, and she knew people just are not aware. However, this time...

Just as they got in front of the car I tapped the horn. Two of them turned, undoubtedly wondering why this car was honking. Before Lori could react, they were focused on her exposed breasts. Their cries of surprise got the other to look. Lori reacted and jerked and I reached for her hand to still her, but to my intense satisfaction, she made no effort to cover herself.

I looked at her as she looked out at these strangers stopped in front of our car, staring at her nakedness through the windshield. This lasted about ten seconds then the light went green for us. The guys realized they had lost the light and they all jumped back on the sidewalk, but that just gave them another chance to look at this topless girl as we pulled away.

I do not recall what we spoke about, but I vividly remember how wet her pussy was when I reached across a moment later. She never pulled her top up as we drove the miles home.

As time went by I made my desire for her to be seen more known. She fell into the habit of wearing short skirts with no panties, whenever we went out. She learned to flash as we shopped and she learned that if she leaned over as she went up the escalators, her cheeks could be seen through the glass sides for the quick and curious viewer.

The evidence of her complete acceptance came one Friday as we drove thru Buckhead. There was lots of traffic and lots of people on the sidewalks as the bars and restaurants became busy. It was past dusk. I had picked up Lori from her office in Midtown and we were headed home. Strangely, I was only thinking about where to go to eat.

As we rounded the curve where Peachtree intersects with Roswell Road, in the heart of Buckhead, Lori popped loose her seatbelt and started to undress. Her blouse and her skirt, then her shoes and pantyhose, then her bra and panties all hit the back seat and Lori was completely naked by the time we passed Lenox and Phipps. I was floored but ecstatic. We ended up fucking in the front seat, in our driveway.

And that cemented my desire to make sure someone would see her, all of her. The next Thursday evening, we went out and I made sure Lori was prepared. And by prepared, I mean she was wearing just her overcoat. She had gone out naked under her coat several times previously, but she had no idea what I had now planned.

It was a simple plan. We went to Northlake Mall. As with most two story malls, the elevator was glass sided. As we got out of the car I unbuttoned her coat and secured it around her with its belt, tied in a simple overhand knot. We walked to the center of the mall and entered the elevator and I faced her out to the side, my arms around her in a backwards hug. I had looked and seen that the shoe store on the upper level was unbusy and the two guys were just standing at the entrance, looking out at the passing traffic.

As the elevator rose, I quickly verified that the guys were still there and also that there were no other people walking closer. The elevator stopped, the doors opened, paused and then closed. Just as the elevator started down, I reached around Lori, loosened her belt and pulled her coat open wide. The guys lazily focused on the pretty girl in the elevator, but they straightened up as they saw her sudden nudity.

Lori started to twist around, but realizing that she was safe, she stood there, looking back, allowing these two shoe salesmen to see her.

The elevator opened on the lower floor. I wrapped Lori back tightly and we walked quickly through the food court and out.

So, within the hour, I had Lori on her back, plowing into her sopping pussy and telling her we needed to get another person to watch her in her most intimate show.

~~~~~~~~~~

A few days later I had just come in Lori's pretty pussy and was lying atop her, most of my weight on my elbows so as not to crush. I was slowly nuzzling her at the point of her left jaw. I could feel myself soften and slowly ease out of her.

"Oh, geez," she whined, "that's the part I hate worst, your cock slipping out. I want you to stay in me longer."

"Well, I would, sweetie, but things do relax after all."

"I just love your cum in me, making me all slippery. And the way you smell in me later is such a turn on."

She didn't move, just made sweet sounds as I licked her neck.

"Mike, let me ask you something..."

"Mm-um, what, baby?

"Why do you keep undressing me when we're not home? Why do you like me naked in the car?"

"You know why, baby, it's because you are so very beautiful and very sexy and I want others to see your prettiness. I like for other guys to maybe see how wonderful my wife is."

She giggled. "You know that's BS, don't you, coming from you? I do."

Hmm. We never had talked about why I do to her what I do.

"Well, OK, I guess deep down it's this: I like to force you to do things that you are uncomfortable with. And it's such a turn-on for me, to have you naked in places where you are not supposed to be naked, it's just so, ummm, naughty."

"Yes, naughty?"

OK, let's see what happens here.

"Yes, and I like that you get so embarrassed and I have to admit that I want to go further and push you past embarrassment. The word 'humiliation' comes in to it also. I want you to feel like a slut and for others to see you that way. And there're many things I want to do to you."

"To me? You mean, 'with me'?"

"Well, yeah, with you, but more along the lines of 'to you'..."

"Humiliate me? That's what you want? To take your wife that far?"

Uh-oh, I may have been too honest.

"Well, I had a feeling that you would want more and more. Mike, I know that you like to force me into undressing, even tho I don't object now like I used to. I've been thinking and I want you to know that I really, really enjoy, way deep down, what you do to me. I like that you take my clothes away and make me stay that way. And, yes, you do make me feel slutty. And I guess I want someone to see me too, that's why I got undressed last month on my own"

Whew! This revelation pleased me no end.

"I gotta tell you, I was really surprised when you stripped like that, and I didn't even tell you."

"I felt so naughty doing that. I knew you'd be surprised and us being in that much traffic in Buckhead was very dangerous and there was no way you could keep someone from seeing me if their car was in the right place and I was so turned on and I wanted it so bad and I knew you'd love it."

"Lori, I did love it, I was so proud of you."

"And last week in the mall, the elevator thing... I could not believe you did that with those guys, letting them see me on purpose!"

"Yeah, I know I surprised you. And those guys were so surprised too!"

"Mike, I've gotta admit something, something you don't know, and I'm not sure how to tell you..."

"What?" Concern in my voice and Lori heard it.

"It's just that... I was naked under my coat, and I thought that you were just going to have me walk around, like we've done before, until we got back to the car and you know how that makes me wet. I was totally unprepared for what you did; I did not think you would hold my coat open like that!"

"Well, yeah..."

"I tried to turn away, but you had your arms on either side of me and I couldn't move fast enough, and then the guys were staring at me and I was shocked at what you were doing, and I got so wet so fast, and I know that you did not see, but as the elevator went down my hand went to my pussy and before I knew what I was doing I pushed my finger in and I think maybe the guys could see me do it and I was so embarrassed even more. And I guess that's the humiliation thing you were talking about, right? And if you had wanted me to, I would have fucked you right then and there!"

I was stunned. She had fingered herself in front of those guys! My cock twitched and moved and she felt it.

Again a giggle. "Oh, you like that, don't you, baby... You like me touching myself, huh?"

"Oh, wow, you really did that? In front of those guys?"

"Yeah, and I want to tell you something else." A pause. "I remember what you said about getting someone in here to watch. I've been thinking a lot about that and I think I could do it, have someone watch us... well, fuck. I want to talk a bit more but I think it's something I could do for you, if you still want to."

My cock was growing and starting to again tickle her slick pussy and I shifted to push into her.

"OH, yes, I think you like that a lot!"

And so we got deeper in our new adventure.

~~~~~~~~~~

I wanted somebody who would be a stranger to her, but was aware of her. I did not need to spend a lot of time picking. I wanted someone who was extremely fit and very healthy and, and as a fellow runner and distance cyclist, Paul fit the bill. He had seen Lori several times and had complimented me on having such a hot wife; he admitted an attraction towards her.

I spoke to him, described my ideas and asked if he would be interested. Stupid question, actually. I told him that at first he would do no more than watch, but by his second, maybe his third visit, he could expect to have the pleasure of her pussy. He understood that her mouth was for my use and pleasure only, and her ass was very much off-limits.

So, on an evening about two weeks after her admission, I took Lori to bed, licked her pussy till she couldn't take it anymore and then fucked her and, when she was quite relaxed from her orgasm, I reminded her of our conversation. She remembered, and said she still thought it to be a good idea, but how could we arrange it? I kissed her, told her to stay there and got up. I went to the kitchen and flipped on the carport light. That was Paul's signal to come in. I went back to Lori, slipping back into her eager pussy, and starting to fuck her again. I heard the backdoor open, then quiet, hesitant footsteps in the hall, and watched Lori's face she saw this stranger enter our bedroom.

She pulled me tighter to her and a little moan escaped her. Her eyes followed Paul as he crossed the room to sit in the chair that I had placed beside the bed (which she had not noticed). I had instructed him to say nothing, to do nothing, to just watch, but I could hear his breathing deepen as he took in her nakedness.

"Lori. Lori, look at me," I told her. "Let him watch, but think about what I am doing to you. I want you to come and I want him to see you come."

"Oh, Mike, I'm not sure, he's just going to watch, right? Is he going to touch me?"

"He wants to watch you, I told him to watch you, you're ok, he's not going to touch you." Not right now, at least... 

She was staring up into my eyes, but hers kept skittering over to where Paul sat, leaning forward. I kept moving in and out of her cunt and her breathing was deepening and I could tell that Paul would be soon witnessing her next orgasm. This was getting to me too, and I knew that he would watch me fill her cunt.

Being fucked as a stranger sat close to her naked body was too much for Lori and she squealed, ducked her head into my chest and her entire body exploded. The tightening of her pussy around my cock caused me to slam harder into her and I lost track for a few seconds.

I had told Paul that when I came, that would be his prompt to get up and quietly leave. As before, I watched Lori as her eyes followed him out. Then she pulled me closer and told me how fantastic that had been.

"Who was that, were did he go? How did you do that?"

I told her that he was a good friend of mine, somebody that could be trusted and that he was someone who was really attracted to her. At that word, "attracted," she moaned and I could tell what was going through her mind. I liked the idea also; it affected me and I was able to crawl back between her legs and enter her sopping, oozing cunt again, thinking about actual, for real, "sloppy seconds." 

~~~~~~~~~~

There were more conversations, discussing this stranger who had watched her orgasm. I told her I could tell how turned on she was and how much I liked her reactions. I promised that that evening would be repeated but gave Lori no hint as to what my full intentions were for her.

~~~~~~~~~~

I gave Paul further instructions for his second visit, primarily concerning what he should do based on how I had been reading Lori. So, a month after his first appearance he knew to be there and this time come in at a certain time. Again, I had Lori on the bed, legs spread, and my cock in her. Together, we heard the door open, the footsteps come down the hall and I watched her watch him enter and sit. I moved down and planted my tongue in her pussy and brought her to her first orgasm while he watched and, as she was calming, I gave him the alternate signal. 

With my face still between her thighs, Lori gasped and I looked over to see Paul doing what I had signaled him to do: he was undressing. As he stripped, Lori looked down at me, her mouth open, nervousness everywhere, but the flow of liquid in her pussy increased and she got wetter, so much wetter.

Paul, now naked, engorged cock standing out, stepped closer to the bed. I moved off Lori as she tried to hold onto me.

"No, Mike, where are you going, why are you getting up, why is he naked, look, his cock is hard, why..." So many questions, in a little girl's voice, though there was no question in my mind that Lori knew exactly what was about to happen to her.

I got up and Lori lay there on our bed, body exposed to this stranger and she cupped her hands over her breasts, I guess, in a moment of shyness, but she did not, I noticed, try to cover her pussy. Paul climbed on the bed and twisted around to face her.

She let loose a little whimper. I saw with pride that she did not close her legs even though her whimper continued. Paul slowly knee-walked to between her thighs and carefully leaned over her, staring into her eyes. His hands moved under her thighs and he lifted her legs, spreading them as he moved closer. He did not try any foreplay as I had told him he was there to just fuck my wife, so he slowly lowered himself down and forward to slide his cock towards her willing pussy.

As if in a daze, her eyes wide, Lori reached between them and helped guide his erection into her spit-soaked cunt. I could not see the actual penetration but I knew the moment he entered her when her whimper turned into a deep moan. I watched, hypnotized, as his ass started moving back and forth. Lori was shivering, looking at this stranger who was inside her most private area and, as his thrusts increased in tempo, she hugged him closer, wrapped her legs around his thighs and her hips started moving in time with his. They started to fuck and their moans matched each other's.

(It occurred to me that this was only the third man to ever have Lori, the first being a boyfriend back in high school. She had told me about him but admitted that he was not that good, as she never orgasmed with him. She had only let him fuck her teenage pussy as she had been really, really curious what it would feel like to have a real cock inside her, as opposed to her fingers.)

I was entranced at what I was seeing: my wife fucking my buddy, welcoming this stranger into her cunt. Paul was overcome with lust, the situation getting to him. He only lasted a few minutes, fucking with many grunts and groans, coming inside this woman he had never dreamed he would one day be able to fuck.

I think he got a little shy, as he did not linger, not staying to enjoy the feel of her pussy around his cock. He slipped out, rose and with a caress of her face, picked up his clothes and left, with a nod to me. Of course, before he was halfway down the hall I was back on top of Lori, pushing back into her now sopping cunt.

I cannot completely describe what I felt as her cunt engulfed my cock. Gooey, slippery, squishy, hot, still as tight as it was before Paul. Overall, utterly and completely fantastic. As I pushed, I forced Paul's cum out past my cock and I could his wetness on my balls. Lori's cunt, normally audible from her wetness, sounded like someone slurping the bottom of a milkshake through a straw, she was that loud.
