 This can be read as a stand-alone tale but greater understanding will be gained by reading "Lori Out On Loan." When I wrote the original I did not think I had the imagination to provide her with further adventures, but I found inspiration.

Enjoy and thank you.

~~~~~~~~~~ 

This is a work of fiction. Everything that happens to Lori happens only in my imagination. This is a world in which there are no STDs, which leads to greater sexual freedom. Birth control is available for both men and women; it is universal, free, and 100% effective, which leads to true female equality. Most importantly, Lori totally trusts me and enthusiastically welcomes everything that I arrange for her.

~~~~~~~~~~ 

Very simple: For three weeks Lori gets laid every evening. 

~~~~~~~~~~

Early evening at home, on our sofa. Lori and I were sitting down to watch some television. She likes to watch the gossip show that comes on at 7:00, while I'm a fan of the question and answer show that broadcasts at 7:30.

Lori was dressed just as I told her. She had donned a very pretty pale blue nightie, short, hitting just below the cheeks of her ass, which did little to hide the abbreviated thong under. The cloth was almost opaque: I could just see her nipples thru the cloth.

I had poured us a glass of wine and we had snuggled in. It was a few minutes before seven. Through the front windows I saw, down beside the mailbox, a flash of headlights and thought to myself, "It's time." I turned to Lori, smiled at her and gave her a little kiss. Then there came a knock on the door and Lori turned to me with a questioning look.

"Who can this be?" she asked, in all innocence.

"It's for you, sweetie..." and I helped her to her feet. She looked mystified but went to the door and peeked out the window. She was beautiful as she crossed the room in her nightie. I loved watching her ass as she walked.

Lori recognized our visitor, and looking back at me with the same look on her face, opened the door. Eric was standing there and he smiled at her.

"May I come in?" he asked. Very polite.

"Let him in, baby, he's here for you," I said from my place on the sofa.

She stepped back and Eric stepped in. He took in the way she was dressed and said, "Lori, you look absolutely fantastic."

She turned to me. "Mike, why is he here? What are you up to?" A half smile was playing on her face and I had a hint that she knew what was about to happen.

"Like I said, he's here for you, he's gonna take you back to our bedroom and you're gonna stay with him for the next hour. I'll explain everything in a while, after he leaves. Go on, sweetie."

Eric, having been to our house before, took Lori's hand and led her down the hall to our bedroom, and to our bed. Lori, looking a little bemused, gave me a half-smile and a finger wave as they left the living room. Her full hips wiggled as she walked away.

I settled back into the sofa and waited for my game show. I resisted the impulse to go down the hall and peek. What will power I had! Especially since before long I could easily hear Lori and her vocal encouragements.

I watched my show and waited for the last question. The subject was Word Origins.

"From the name of a committee created by Gregory XV to spread the faith, it means information used to spread a belief." (1)

At eight o'clock the sound of steps came down the hall and Eric and Lori returned to the living room. She had on the nightie, but her thong was absent. He kissed her on her forehead and left. I motioned for her to come sit beside me, and I hugged her tightly.

"You OK, baby?"

"Yeah, I'm good. That was sorta surprising, when did you plan that?"

"I'll tell you. First, how many times did he fuck you? Did you come with him? And him... How many times did he come?"

As I asked this I was running my fingers up and down her slit, just barely touching, almost tickling.

"Yeah, I came... Twice. It was real good, felt really powerful, being surprised like that helped a lot. He fucked me almost the entire time we were in there, he came twice too, filling me. He's good in bed, taking care of me."

I smiled and continued, "Good, sweetie, that's good, you're gonna see him again, 'cause let me tell you what's gonna happen."

As I said this, I inserted a couple fingers into her wet pussy. I scooped a bit of the wetness from within her, cupped it on my fingertips and brought my hand to her mouth. I circled her lips, smearing the liquid, and then inserted my fingers into her mouth. She closed her eyes, opened her mouth to accept my offering and moaned. Her tongue moved over my fingers.

I repeated this a couple of times, Lori licking my fingers clean, while she listened to me.

"This is Monday, and you've had one visitor. Tomorrow, you'll have another, same time, same thing, he'll take you into our bedroom and do what he wants with you. And then Wednesday, then Thursday, then Friday and then Saturday. All six of your guys, six days of the week. And then next Monday, tonight's guy will be back and the week will continue on, you getting fucked each and every night. This will go on for three weeks, and you should be very happy, very well-fucked."

As I said this, I continued to scoop the wetness from her pussy and insert my fingers into her mouth. I could not tell if her moaning was from the act of me forcing her to eat her pussy's contents, or was she imagining her future for the next twenty-one days?

Hmmm, not sure.

Then, proof she was paying attention.

"What about Sundays, what's happening then, that day?"

"Baby, Sunday is my day, you're mine on Sunday, my turn to have you however I want."

Lori closed her eyes and snuggled in next to me and I hugged her close.

(1) Propaganda.

~~~~~~~~~~

Tuesday evening. Lori was dressed the same, one of her pretty pink nighties; though this time I had not let her wear panties. At seven, a knock on the front door. Lori kissed me, went to answer the door and welcomed Brandon. He waved to me and Lori took his hand and escorted him down the hall.

I lowered the sound on the TV, so that I might hear them better and waited for my game show. After a few minutes they started, Lori vocalizing her appreciation of Brandon's talents between her legs, her voice echoing down the hall.

Tonight's subject: Presidential Quotations.

"He announced to the American people, '...the force from which the sun draws its power has been loosed...'" (2)

Easy, I got it with little thought.

At eight, I heard footsteps on the carpet in the hall and Lori and Brandon appeared, this time he leading her by the hand. She looked very VFF'd, which was a look I loved on her. He gave her a kiss on the forehead and took his leave. She came over to sit beside me. I kissed her, a deep French kiss, her tongue entwining around mine. My cock, hard all this time, twitched and begged for attention, but I had promised myself to wait my turn, to wait for next Sunday.

(I know! Will power, right?)

"Okay, babe, talk to me..."

"Mike, he was great, I came three times, he came twice just like the guy last night, I felt so good."

And like last night, my fingers were moving in her little honey-pot, twiddling, getting wet and moving to her mouth.

"Is this what I can expect, your fingers in my pussy each time?" Lori giggled and licked my fingertips.

"Yep, I guess so, it's fun for me too."

We watched TV for a while and then went on to bed. In keeping to my promise to myself, I did not have sex with her. Was I being crazy?

(2) Harry Truman.

~~~~~~~~~~

Wednesday evening. This time I had Lori wear a longer gown, one that was a wee bit snug, with no panties. I wanted to emphasize her ass and hips. At seven the knock: Lori answered and she welcomed David. He gave me a "bro" nod and just like last evening Lori led him down the hall.

Again I lowered the volume sound so as to listen to the sounds of Lori fucking.

Tonight's subject: State Flags. Uh-oh, not one of my better subjects.

"Its state flag, based on a design from 1776, shows Virtue, dressed like an Amazon, triumphing over Tyranny." (3)

Yep, I missed it.

And, right on time, the two emerged from the hall. Lori showed David to the door, and this time, she kissed him on the forehead, saying, "See you next week."

"Baby, he only made me come once, but it was an explosion, he made me wait on the edge the whole time. And he only came once, cause he took his time, making me wait."

"Good, Lori, you enjoying yourself?"

"Oh, god, yes, this is sooo kinky, what you're doing to me."

"Yep, I'm having fun, real fun, listening to you."

"You can hear us?"

"Yep, quite well, you get loud."

This time my fingers rubbed the wetness from her pussy around, making her thighs sticky, before putting my fingers in her mouth.

(3) Virginia.

~~~~~~~~~~

Thursday evening. Lori was back to one of her shorties, red, with matching panties. She welcomed Paul (who if you recall, was the first I had invited to share Lori last year). He was grinning to beat all as he came in. He looked at me and actually winked. 

He reached out to take Lori's hand and pulled her to him. But instead of taking her down the hall he backed her up against the wall beside the now closed front door. Putting both of her hands in his left, he lifted them over her head and pressed her against the wall.

Holding her there, he lifted her nightie with his right and then placed that hand flat on her belly. Lori looked down as his hand started to slowly creep down inside her panties. She began to pant, her chest and belly rising and falling. Her look was slightly startled as she accepted what he was doing to her in front of me. Paul pushed his hand deeper into her panties and I could tell by the bulge when he hit the center of her pussy.

Obviously, he entered her with a finger. Her eyes opened wide, and Paul's hand moved up and down, in and out, finger-fucking her pussy. He stared into her eyes and Lori began to moan.

He did this for several long seconds, long enough for Lori to get near her orgasm; then, as suddenly as he had started, he stopped, pulling his hand out of her panties. She gasped at the sudden emptiness. He lowered her hands, and still gripping them, he pulled Lori back to the bedroom. Lori almost stumbled, her muscles being so close to something else.

I was amused; he must have been really horny, thinking about Lori's pussy.

Tonight's subject: Political Idioms. Again, whoa.

"Used to describe a response made without thinking, its physical counterpart can take 1/20 of a second." (4)

Took the entire time of thinking but I got it.

I looked up and Paul and Lori were standing behind me, watching the screen. He confessed to not knowing but Lori got it quickly. Smart girl...

Paul left.

"He seemed in a hurry to touch you when he got here."

"I was surprised at what he did when he came in, I was not prepared for that. And in the bed he didn't even take off my nightie; he just lifted it up around my neck, spread my legs, pushed my panties to the side and dove right in. He finished real fast, so that I was not even close, but the second time was better. He didn't come then but I did twice. He apologized, said he was just so turned on thinking about me, that he wanted me as he walked in the door."

I laughed at that, and promised myself to kid Paul when I saw him next. I pulled Lori to me, spread her legs and commenced to give her her snack.

(4) Knee jerk.

~~~~~~~~~~

Everyone should recall from my initial telling of Lori's adventures that Lori was not introduced by name to any of her guys; i.e., she did not know who these guys were, or more importantly, who was fucking her. That was intentional on my part, as I felt the anonymity enhanced the hotness, the naughtiness, the kinkiness, the decadence of her adventures.

And it was also neat in that four of her guys had only ever seen her naked, never clothed in any way. So, her wearing her nightgowns on these nights was the most modest they had seen her.

And remember that two of her guys she had never seen. Sean and Ted had joined our group as I started placing Lori to be taken from the loading dock. She was wearing her lenses at the time, therefore blinded, and when she was taken in the van, she knew only there were two new guys of the six.

And keep in mind that Lori, when she entertained her guys in the woods, had also been blinded then, not knowing who was fucking her, not knowing in what sequence, unless she had recognized their voices.

This caused a tiny bit of awkwardness, and a little amusement for me, that first Friday and Saturday.

~~~~~~~~~~

Friday evening. This time I had Lori naked. Knowing that she was about to see Sean's face for the first time, I wanted her to be off-balance a little. At exactly seven (Damn, everybody was so punctual) a knock and Lori rose and crossed the room.

Lori answered the door and was face to face with, to her, a stranger. She had felt him, had had his cock in her many times, along with the resultant cum but that did not help her identify him. Sean, on the other hand had seen her, had touched her with tenderness, had fondled and caressed her and had joined her in her most private dance.

"I've never seen you without your glasses, Lori. Your eyes are beautiful."

Lori looked back at me and I said, "This is one of the 'new' guys who joined us on your first trip to the loading dock. You'll meet the other tomorrow. While this will be the first time you've seen them, they've seen you three times before "

She turned back to Sean; she said, "Well, I guess it's nice to finally be able to see all the guys who are doing me, my imagination never was able to put a face on you. I guess you can say, now I can put a face to the cock."

She giggled at her witticism. I smiled, too, as did Sean.

Lori took his hand and said, with a big smile, "I guess you know what you're here for, right?" She smiled at me and led him down the hall. I recalled he had never visited our house, having fucked Lori either at David's or at the Mountain. Neither had Ted, for that matter.

I turned back the TV. Tonight's topic: Oscar-Nominated Movies.

"One of the 2 Best Picture nominees in which CBS newsman and '60 Minutes' producer Don Hewitt is a character." (5)

Well, I got neither one.

At eight, Lori came back into the living room with Sean following. She was still naked and looked lovely, sweaty and glowing, very VFF'd. She hugged him and he left and she came over to sit by me. She surprised me by opening her legs and putting my hand on her pussy. Warm and gooey, she was.

"And..."

"He was great, made me cum three times, and he came twice, deep in me. It was really kinky to be there under him, watching his face as he fucked me, knowing that he had been in me before but I never knew what he looked like. I liked watching him cum, he looked like he was concentrating so hard."

"That's good, sweetie, I know he has a lotta fun being with you."

"Mike, aren't you getting really horny? You've been sitting here each day, listening to me getting fucked by these guys and I know it's gotta be getting to you." She reached over to squeeze my cock. "And you are so hard right now..."

"Lori, it's my turn on Sunday to be with you and I'm saving up. I want that night to be extra-special for me. And while your guys are only having you for an hour each night, well, I plan to keep you busy for a long while that evening, understand?"

She smiled. "What? 'Extra special for me...' What about me? What are you planning? You kinky little boy..."

I just kissed her and let my tongue twist with hers, while my fingers twisted inside her pussy.

(5) "The Insider" and "Good Night and Good Luck."

~~~~~~~~~~

Saturday evening, seven o'clock, another knock on the door. To echo last night, Lori was again naked. She looked at Ted. She had never seen him before either and she studied his face with a smile on hers.

"Lori, you are so much better looking without those glasses Mike makes you wear."

"Well, he likes me to wear them to make me flustered about where we are, and I've found I kind of like that. But thank you for what you're saying. Are you ready to fuck me now?"

Ted was not in the least taken aback by her forwardness; he just took her hand and asked, "Where do we go?"

My show was not syndicated for Saturdays, so I sat for a bit then got up and wandered down the hall. I stood near the bedroom door, just enough to see the two of them. Lori was on top, facing him, her back to me. He was squeezing her breasts and she was rocking back and forth, her ass wriggling to the music only she could hear. His hips were rising in time to hers. As she tossed her head I could see her eyes were closed, but his were open and I stayed just long enough to watch as she brought him to orgasm, his hips lifting her high as he pumped his load into her.

I walked back the living room, a smile on my face, while I rubbed my cock, but not enough to cause anything, oh, yes; I was being very good about that.

At eight, Lori led Ted back, they hugged and he kissed her on the cheek and was gone.

"Mike, why does no one kiss me on the mouth? What have you told them?"

"Well, in the beginning, last year, in order to keep anyone from trying to facefuck you or something like that, I told everybody that your mouth was off-limits. Turns out, they misunderstood me, they thought I wanted you to never be touched on your mouth, no kissing or anything like that. I just never bothered to correct anyone about it."

"You need to know that sometimes I want to be kissed, I like it, you know that."

"Ok, baby, but I'll let you tell them. Might be fun to see which of them will resist you in their loyalty to my rules."

Lori changed the subject by putting my fingers in her hole and then moving them to her mouth. "C'mon, do that to me, baby, make me taste him."

~~~~~~~~~~

Sunday evening. Lori was mine. I'm going to save the telling of that adventure for another time. I will let you know that the climax of the evening occurred on the baseball field at the nearby high school at about 1 AM. Picture this: Lori, hands tied behind, naked and kneeling on the pitcher's mound. She was quite nervous, there being a road only a couple of hundred feet away.

~~~~~~~~~~

The second Monday evening, Eric again. Lori was in a deep green nightie with no panties. Seven o'clock, a knock, a greeting and a warm hand guiding him down the hall to our bed. Lori was showing no signs of fatigue from getting fucked every night. I, however, was sated after last night.

Tonight's subject: Children's Authors.

"This author and illustrator has said, 'Max is like my demented son and he's taking care of his father for life.'" (6)

Easy, a favorite.

Lori seemed to be really enjoying herself this evening. She was especially vocal and quite loud. I was tempted to go take a peek, but reminded myself that patience was a virtue.

I waved so long to Eric as he went to the door, but then Lori surprised us both. She stood in front him, pulled his face to hers with both hands and gave him a wonderful, deep kiss, her tongue pushing into his mouth. His eyes got wide, he looked over the top of her head at me, but when he saw me grinning, he relaxed into the osculation.

Lori plopped down beside me on the sofa, and turned to me with an even bigger grin than mine.

"I think he was surprised, ya think? He seemed to like that."

"The kissing or your pussy?" She hit me on the arm. "And he probably liked it so much, he'd have liked to stay longer, I bet."

"Yeah", she sighed. "Mike, I want to tell you something. I love what you are having me do, turning me into a slut for you. I love doing this for you. It's fantastic that you've found these guys to come over whenever you want them to, all to fuck me. I doubt that there is another woman on earth who has had as many orgasms as me in the last year. I want to be clear with you about some things I've read. No matter what you have me do, no matter how many guys I fuck for you, I am yours."
