 I pulled into the only motel in this tiny town off the highway. There wasn't much, but I hoped it would be clean. I checked into their only room left, grabbed my bag from the car and found room 18, on the far left. I fiddled with the key in the lock, ready to throw something at the frustration.

"Can I help?"

I gasped, I hadn't heard anyone come up.

"These keys are a little funny. May I?"

I placed the key in his hand, he set it into the lock and twisted the handle twice before twisting the key. With a gentle push, the door opened.

"Thank you. So much. I'm just so tired..."

"You look it, no offense. Drive a long day?"

"Nearly 12 hours today."

"Yes, long. Have you eaten?"

I nodded, had dinner nearly three hours ago but all I wanted was sleep.

"I hate to disturb, Kyle?"

Another man had appeared at my door, from just down the path.

"Tim... this is...sorry I never asked your name."

"Lori, nice to meet you both."

"And you Lori. Sleep well."

Tim stepped back into the room that was next to mine, Kyle set my bag on the bed though I hadn't asked him to.

"I will say good-night, leave you be."

"It was a pleasure meeting you Kyle. And thank you for your help."

"Not a problem, I hope to see you in the morning?"

"Not sure I'm sticking around but thanks."

"Sweet dreams Lori."

"Goodnight Kyle."

It was only a little after 8pm, but I was exhausted. I took a shower, thankful the water was hot and slid shorts on under my tank-top. I notched the air-conditioner cooler, and readied for sleep. A deep groan came from the wall between my room and Tim and Kyle's room. I pressed my ear up, wanted to know what happened next.

"She's cute Timmy. What do you think?"

"She's cute alright, but would she be up for a threesome with two bi-sexual, married men she just met?"

"I sure hope she's staying, I'd ask her, but she looked so tired. Oh fuck, just like that baby."

"You like when I eat your ass don't you?"

"Fuck yes. Stick your dick in me Timmy."

"I love when you talk dirty to me Kyle. I'm gonna fuckin use your ass hard tonight."

"Give it to me hard. I need your thick cock in me!"

"Bend over the table you naughty whore. Let her listen to your dirty moans as I pound your ass."

I heard a rip of a foil wrapper, knew they were using a condom, which was good. A moment later, Kyle groaned, sounded as if he were right in the room with me.

"Harder Timmy. I want her to hear you fucking my ass!"

"Dirty old man needs his partner's pecker deep inside!"

I heard a loud smack, followed quickly by a brief shout of enjoyment. Tim was spanking Kyle, and he loved it.

I was growing wetter. I'd never thought of gay sex as something I'd enjoy to watch, but as I heard their loud passion, it called to me. I listened a few more minutes, growing wetter and wetter. I slid my hand beneath my sleep shorts began to rub my excited nub. I heard Timmy begin to pant, I knew he was getting close without even being able to see him.

"Turn around Kyle."

I heard Timmy's loud groan, knew he was cumming on Kyle, just wasn't sure where. I suddenly wasn't so tired, I needed release. I pulled my hand out of my shorts, grabbed the key from the table and put on a brave face. 

I knocked on the door next to mine, heard two shouts of hang on. I waited patiently, they were naked after-all.

"Lori?"

I turned back to the now open door, saw Kyle there with a curious look on his face.

"Hi."

"Hey, you okay?"

"Sure. I just um...well..."

His soft smile grew and he held his hand out to me, I slid my hand in his and he pulled me into their room. 

"You heard us?"

Timmy asked, offered me a seat on the bed. I sat on the edge gingerly, they took the bed across from me.

"I did. And I was...intrigued."

"That's a good start. Did it make you wet?"

"Kyle...seriously?"

"What? She's not a young girl, she knows how things happen. You are over 18 though I hope to god."

"Yes. I'm 23, I know I don't look it. And yes, it made me wet. Extremely wet."

Kyle stood up in front of me, tossed aside his robe. Now I knew I was over my ex. I dropped to my knees only to have Timmy pull me back up again. He undressed me, not that there was much left other than my shorts, but I felt his gentle kisses on my neck as he caressed my breasts from behind. Kyle grabbed a box of condoms from the nightstand, slid one onto his proud dick. I parted my legs and leaned back against Timmy, Kyle's cock found it's entrance and the three of us groaned as he slid inside me.

Tim stroked my nub as his partner slid so deep inside me, spread my slick walls open with his thick cock. I writhed under his slow movements, Tim kissed and suckled my neck, I would have red marks in the morning but I didn't care. In under three minutes, I creamed over Kyle's covered cock and cried out in ecstasy as I came a second time, less than 15 seconds later. 

I watched as his face turned red, his balls pressed into my ass as he buried himself fully inside me. I heard his shout of release, his cum would fill the end of the condom he'd carefully put on. He nearly collapsed on top of me, Timmy held us both as Kyle left me breathless with his kiss. I felt so empty as he grew soft, and left my hole. I'd never felt that empty feeling before, then again I'd never had a cock as thick as his either. 

I felt both of them wrap me up in their arms a minute later, and I slept like a child, between these two men I'd just met. 

Chapter:

I woke to the sound of sucking, Kyle was below Tim, Tim's cock was hard in Kyle's mouth. I let my hand slide between my legs, found myself aching for something again. 

"Our new friend is awake Kyle. Mmm, and she's wet already, aren't you baby girl?"

I pulled my finger out from between my wet lips, and held it to his mouth, he sucked on it as Kyle sucked his dick harder. 

"Kyle, be a dear. Put a condom on my cock and help Lori straddle me. Maybe if you're lucky, she'll let you in her ass."

I gasped, eyes wide and frightened.

"Never done DP baby?"

I shook my head no.

"I've done both, just not at the same time."

"Ohhh love. Don't you worry your sweet little head. We'll go slow."

I watched as they switched positions, Tim's cock would be smaller to go in my tight ass. His hands held my hips as I lowered onto Kyle's thick cock, he rocked with me on him, kissed me deeply, almost passionately. And I said okay to Tim, his finger already rubbed lube in my ass. His long hands slid up my soft back, pushed me down onto Kyle, my breasts into his chest. Tim groaned as his cock-head pushed into my ass with a soft 'pop', but no pain. I took two deep breaths as he inched himself deeper into my tunnel.

"I've never felt so full."

I groaned, heard their soft laughter and moans with mine. 

"You are so good Lori, so good baby."

Tim was the first to cum, his seed filled the condom and Kyle ejaculated a moment later. I writhed under their skilled mouths seconds later, cumming twice and then a third time. We dozed until the alarm sounded at 7:30am, they both had to be at work shortly, would drive in opposite directions that much I knew. 

Tim left just before Kyle, a lingering kiss on both of our mouths. 

"I don't want to go baby."

Kyle's deep green eyes searched my baby blues, his mouth pressed to mine over and over again. We'd both gotten dressed, but we quickly undressed and came together again, his unsheathed dick left my hole just on time, his cum sprayed on my pussy and mixed with my juices in my blond hairs. He wet a washcloth and cleaned me gently, helped me get dressed as he did. 

"I need to see you again, Lori."

We traded phone numbers and email, and he kissed me goodbye for real the next time. I continued my drive after I had breakfast at the diner across the street. The trailer attached to my car rumbled along the highway, so I took it slowly. I made it to my destination at 3pm, I didn't start work until the next morning. I found a cheap motel, could stay there until I found an apartment for myself, might take a week or so, I thought. 

I dressed in business casual clothes the next morning, arrived at the correct address at 7:55, my new workday to begin at 8. A crowd was gathered in front of the building, many people were crying or looked so dejected. I searched the crowd for any of the people I'd interviewed with, finally spotted she who would be my direct boss, Paula.

I tapped her shoulder gently, not wanting to disturb.

"Paula?"

"Lori? Oh Lori, my...oh my goodness. You poor thing."

"What...what happened?"

"We're not exactly sure. The doors are locked, this notice was on the door."

She handed me a business letter, with the name of a bankruptcy company on the head of the letter.

I glanced over the letter, my body began to tremble. My new life, was shattered before me, in the blink of an eye. 

All I had was in the back of that U-haul, I'd left everything behind. I had no where to go now, no one to ...and then I thought of last night. 

I handed Paula the letter back, she hugged me gently. People were slowly beginning to depart, their lives were disrupted, but mine was just only about to start. What was I going to do now? I found a fast food place, offered free wi-fi and ordered just a coffee, added a danish on my second refill. I text Kyle a message, he responded to meet him tonight at 6 at the diner next to the motel we'd both stayed at last night. 

It would only take me about two hours to reach the diner, I pulled open my laptop and began looking for jobs. Maybe I could stay at the cheap motel for a few nights, until I could find somewhere longer term and a job. I'd checked into the hotel before walking to the diner, Kyle greeted me with open arms. We ate together as I went into the brief story of how I'd left everything for this new job, and now it's gone. We both ate pretty quickly, his hand rested on my upper thigh when he joined me on my side of the booth. I was pretty sure he wanted more of what we'd shared last night and this morning. He held my hand tight, kissed my mouth deeply as we opened the door to the room I'd be calling home for a week or so.

I was writhing under his skilled tongue and fingers not even ten minutes later. I came over his face three time before he even attempted to insert himself within my slick walls. And by this time, I begged for it. I pleaded with him to fuck me, and he took my instruction. I rolled to all fours, his cock was in me before I begged him again. 

"Fucking hell, Lori!" He screamed, the words and sounds that followed were incoherent as he grabbed my chunky ass and forced himself deeper inside me. I cried out again, his cock felt so fucking good inside, and his scream made me boil over one more time. I drenched him in my juices, and felt the wetness seep down my thighs. 

It was minutes later before I felt I could breathe again, his hand held mine as we now lay next to each other. 

"Kyle, was I right in remembering, you and Tim are both married?"

"Yes. Though, I'm separated, I have been for six months. Trial separation, but I may be ending it."

"You don't love her anymore?"

He sighed, rolled over toward me and kissed my mouth softly.

"I'm not sure if I ever did. We were high-school sweethearts, married too young. Been married almost ten years, this is our third separation, she isn't ready to move on. But I have been, for a very long time. I just keep going back, when I know I shouldn't. Our first separation, was six months, after a year of marriage. Our second, lasted nearly 18 months, at year 5. She got pregnant when I returned to her, and miscarried our baby. I've been supporting her since, but she found a new job, new friends and she says she no longer cares if I'm there for her. So, six months ago, I left. Our once house is already up for sale, I had no say, it was her parents' house and I wasn't on the mortgage. Don't get me wrong, I'm not upset. Just...ready to be done. I've spoken with a lawyer, the papers are drawn up and ready. I've been needing a sign, something that says, move on."

He sipped the water from the nightstand, and turned back to me again.

"I think you're the sign Lori. And no I'm not saying I'm leaving her because of you, or for you for that matter; we hardly know each other. But, having you come here last night, having you see me be with my best friend; I already know you are someone I can see in my life. She never wanted to know about my interludes, as long as I used a condom, she didn't care. I haven't had sex with her in 2 years, maybe more, I lost count. I see Tim, not nearly enough, but he's still happy in his marriage. They've only been married 4 years, and baby number one is on the way. I can usually only see him once a month or so."

I stayed quiet, unsure of what he wanted me to say, if anything at all. Instead I slid closer to his still naked body, ran my fingers over his softer belly as I kissed his neck. I felt him grow hard against my thigh, and he grabbed my ass, his fingers slid down the back of my leg as he lifted it to be over his. 

I rocked, and he was inside me, his cock-head rubbed my clit as his length slid up and down my slit. 

We both moaned together, and on his next pass down, his pole slid inside my tight hole. 

"Just for a minute."

He groaned, he wasn't wearing a condom and I accepted as he rocked within me. Our bodies warm, and content...there, together, in this moment. 

"Lori."

His voice was deep, licked his lips and pressed them to mine. He moved within me faster, deeper as I held him deep inside me. 

To be continued?...