 Now I'm the kind of husband that thought threesomes were something that only happened to people in porno movies. I never thought that they could happen to a regular couple like us. When we tried, we always found it difficult to find someone on a spur of the moment to act on our fantasy. This is especially true residing in a small town. It's a community where everyone knows everyone's business. Needless to say, we are the most ordinary couple you'd ever want to meet. And, after being married for seventeen years, we still love to have our fair share of fun and excitement. Like ordinary couples we have to make ends meet, so we both work a lot, which includes late nights. But when the nights come around, we love to unwind and enjoy each other in company between the satin sheets of our bed. When a certain weekend rolls around, we try to act on an erotic fantasy that may have conjured up from the preceding month. The following story is based on one Saturday night in October. Only the names have been changed to protect the sexual identity of those who were involved.

Lori and I have been married for seventeen years. Obviously, I knew she hadn't had sex with other men before she met me, but it was never something I'd thought much about until recently. We began to converse a few years ago about opening our marriage after reading some erotic stories from a smut magazine. Lori would ask me to read her a story. Sometimes she would listen intensely, shut her eyes, and masturbate next to me during the narration. Most of the stories would include: naughty wives doing a couple guys, or some lucky girl doing her husbands' friend, or meeting a stranger and having sex in the weirdest places. In a way, you can say we both became enticed with the variety of plots played out before our ears. It didn't take long after the story was told we'd both end up fucking in the heat of the moment. Of course, we would talk dirty and wonder if the story could be reenacted during the passionate sex. At first, it seems to be all talk. But towards the end of the year we agreed to try out some of the plots. On our first attempt we attend a swinger's party. I was fortunate enough to watch Lori get it on with another guy. Of course, I had sex with some really awesome ladies. We attended the swinger's club just a little over a half-a-year. All in all, this really helped us open our marriage and become more comfortable acting out certain fantasies. The swing scene became our stepping-stone for more erotic fantasies. Sure, we tried a half or so scenarios but we were still lacking one fantasy- a threesome. 

Fast-forward to about three weeks ago, Lori and I found us in a middle of a hectic workweek. By the time mid-week rolled around, we were making pre-arrangements with each other to make a night on the town the following Saturday. We made the usual trip from our small town and traveled an hour away to the city. We went to our favorite hotel and check-in. I hinted to Lori at the chances of her, or I, acting out on the threesome fantasy. She kind of shrugged it off, as she would have nothing to do with it. I knew that she had a bad week at work. And, we always agreed to leave the hustles and bustles of our jobs at the workplace. Therefore, I had a little work to do. Somehow I had to convince her to submit to an erotic night of fun. I figured she needed time to unwind. I kept telling myself: patience, we know Lori always gets erotically hot and bothered after a night of dancing and drinking. 

"Honey, I'm going to go down the road to pick up some refreshments -- any requests?" I asked.

"Some wine coolers would be great." She smiled in return.

I stepped out of the room to pick up the refreshments for the after hours. Lori stayed behind and soothed her five foot two physique in the tub. I picked up the essentials and curtailed it back to the room.

I usually put the refreshments in the bathroom sink. Call me old fashion, but I always love my drinks on ice. I picked up the mini trashcan under the desk and proceeded to the ice machines out in the hall. I made my way back to the room and walked in on Lori. Her blonde hair was dangling like strings, dripping wet. Her ample breast barely settled over the water line. Her thirty-four inch hips arched as I walked in. She was showing me her partial shaved clams with a razor in hand. 

Lori's blue eyes sparkled as she rubbed the outside of her pussy and asked, "Almost smooth as silk, do you wanna help me finish it up?" 

Without hesitation I knelt to the side of the tub and took the razor out of her hand to finish the job. I dabbed a palm full of shaving cream and proceed to spread it on her pubs. I made sure I left a small blonde triangular patch several inches above her horizontal clit piercing. This allowed the golden ring to stand out. From there, I finished both of her legs. Her thighs looked luscious as she jetted them in-and-out of the water for me to shave. It didn't take me long to finish the job. Lori grabbed a towel and got out of the tub. I grabbed her ass and lightly kissed her clams. She lied on the bed with just the white towel wrapping her petite frame. The towel looked tight around her tits, and it barely covered her pussy. I kept glancing at her clams. Lori glanced at me and asked if I would like another kiss. Without hesitation, I knelt over her creamy thighs and danced my tongue in and around her semi-swollen lips. She pulled my hair and lifted my head. She then insisted that I help pick out her clothes. 

Lori often packs enough clothes in her travel bag for a full week stay. I rummaged through her packsack and I was thinking to myself what would look good tonight? I came to the conclusion that since it's a cool autumn evening something warm would be nice; Lori would look awesome in some tight fitting blue jeans and a sweater. I found my favorite lace black bra-and-panty set tucked away at the bottom of the bag. It was nothing completely revealing. But it did have a shiny embroider with her first initial stitched on the left cup. It was also extremely arousing for me having assisted in slipping her panties up past her thighs, knowing later that something may happen. Once again, I danced my tongue in and around her pussy lips. The smell of a clean cunt that just exited the bathtub is very arousing. Her body was still warm. My tongue wiggled and made a snail trail up to her clit as I toyed with the ring. 

Lori looked down at me and asked. "Are you having fun yet?"

"Of course." I replied as I danced my tongue further on her clit for several minutes.

When I finished, Lori took her time and got up from the bed. She paced back-and-forth from the bathroom to the foot of the bed. I handed Lori a drink in between her paces. She took a sip and set her cooler down. She sat at the foot of the bed and painted her nails. Lori went to the bathroom and took her time styling her blonde locks. She created her favorite spirals and fixed her makeup. When she finally finished she walked out of the bathroom. I was astonished, as she looked breathtaking. 

Lori asked, "Decent enough?"

"Good enough to eat and then some." I responded. I handed her a wine cooler and nodded in approval. It didn't take long to finish our second drinks of the evening as we stepped out and made our way to the club.

The club was only a hop-and-skip away. We both proceeded down the road hand-in-hand. She told me that she was feeling better after her long bath. Little puffs of steam rolled out of her mouth as she told me that she needed another drink quickly.

I responded, "Soon enough." 

Moments afterward I heard Lori say, "I want to be surprised by the nights end!" 

This could only mean one thing- she wanted sex. She proceeded to tell me that my discretion was trusted. And, if I wanted to watch her fuck it was up to me to find her a partner. I was a little confused at this statement. I was thinking to myself. Does she want another girl, or does she want another guy?

By the time we walked in the club, she wasted no time in ordering several wine coolers and drank them down within ten minutes. I could tell that she was thinking about the fantasy we prearranged, and the fact that she hadn't looked any happier throughout the week. Everything was falling into place. After all, those hustles and bustles of the workweek had come to past and this was our night. I could tell she was wondering if there was anything else that could help her unwind and satisfy her lustful thirst. She had me order her several more wine coolers.

Now, I'm not much of a dancer and I usually give Lori my permission to go out and find selective dance partners. On nights like this she would typically work over some total stranger on the dance floor. Add-to-the-fact, I just enjoy watching Lori dance on the dance floor as it often arouses my satisfaction. But tonight, she only wanted me to be her dance partner. She made it clear as we were dancing it was up to me to find her a fuck partner. This was the second time she told me. She put me on the spot. I didn't have a clue as to how I was going to approach an individual and propose the idea of a threesome. I was thinking. Do I just walk up and say, Excuse me would you like to join us for drinks and while were at it, can you fuck my wife? Someone might think that I am sick in the head, or some kind of freak? 

Lori and I danced the evening away. I kept my thoughts on the idea. But, the club scene did not offer much in ways of prospects. The night was getting older. By now, Lori was feeling really good. She asked me if I had asked anyone to join us later. 

I replied. "I hadn't had much time to hunt around because I'm busy dancing."

She finally got the message and said that she was going to wait in the room. I told her that I'd catch up to her! Lori left the scene.

I sat at the bar stool until closing time. I chatted with several good-looking girls who were only interested in guys buying them a last call. I sat and chatted with them until the bouncers started to escort people out of the bar. It didn't take long to read between the lines. These girls were only interested in catching a cab home and eating each other out- euphemistically speaking. I left the scene.

On my way back, I walked across the street from the room into a park for a smoke. Under the pavilion there were three guys drinking and one had asked me for an extra cigarette. 

I replied, "No problem."

It didn't take long before the four of us sat under the pavilion talking. We exchanged details about the different clubs we visited that night. What place was the busiest? Where the hot ladies were. We formally introduced each other. I found out that these individuals were from another town. Dan, Lance and Chris were there names. Each one of them was young and good looking.

Before long the conversation shifted when I asked, "The night is still young, and how about you guys come up to my room for a night cap?"

The three guys obliged when I told them that I had drinks. I instructed that they had to be quite in the room because my guest was pass-out. When we entered the room, Lori had shed her blue jeans and sweater. She laid coverless on the bed, sprawled out just wearing the black bra-and-panty set. The four guys gawked at her luscious body. I could tell that they didn't mind just sitting around, sipping on beers, looking at my gorgeous blonde in her undergarments. For the time being she reminded me of a lingerie model. The three young lads were trying their earnest not to stare too much. I was kind of getting turned on knowing that the sneak peeks were arousing. We chatted and drank for about an hour.

The beers were disappearing. Dan and Chris were asked to settle down several times by Lance. Finally, Lance got up and spoke. He told his two buddies, Dan and Chris, that it was time to leave. But, he had asked me if he could stick around. I took notice that Lance was watching Lori with great interest. 

As soon as Dan and Chris left I turned and asked, "Are you going to help me seduce this babe, or what?"

I was a little hesitant at first. I mean, I never got naked with another guy in the same room since the high school showers. But once I unclasped Lori's bra and allowed her breast to fall freely all dissolutions left. Lance looked at me and he said, "Hell yeah!"

My mind was reeling and shaking with excitement. I think his comment startled Lori out of her somber dream. Her eyes began to crack open. She looked at the both of us and did not speak a word. She knew she was about to be sexually fulfilled. But, I could read her mind. She was asking herself: Am I dreaming this?

It didn't take Lance long to submit his clothes to the floor. Lance joined us on the bed. I pulled Lori's panties down and she obliged by arching her hips. As arousing as it was putting them on, it was double the pleasure in taking them off. Lance stood up. His cock was pointing at the ceiling, and extended his manhood to Lori's eyes. Lori was glancing at the bulky tip. Lance moved in and leaned in to kiss her. Their tongues danced together as they meet for the first time. 

The moment seemed to pass endlessly; I put my hands on her thighs and opened them wider. I crawled between her thighs and lowered my face to her crotch. She still smelled marvelous. It was like some aromatic flavored scent; I breathed in deeply for a moment before bringing my fingers to her clit ring. Slowly, I peeled apart her hairless labia's until her clit appeared. It was beginning to get hard with excitement. My own cock was stiffening. I bent down further and swiped at the quivering extremity with the tip of my tongue. Lori shuddered and emitted silent groans, but it was muffled. Curiously, I stopped what I was doing to look up and all I got was a view of Lori's lips wrapped around Lance's cock. Lori couldn't say a word in her dazed sexual confusion.

I glanced at Lance, who nodded. I moved and stood over to where Lori was lying. Her eyes were glazed with lust; I stuck my cock out and allowed her to suck on it. She did. Not only did she suck on it, but she began to suck Lance's as well. This lasted for several minutes.

I moved back in between her open thighs. I lightly grazed her clit ring against the parted clams with my tongue. Lance exchanged a glance at me to see where the noises were coming from. The pleasure was shocking. I knew it had as much to do with the fact that Lori was being pleased. Lori's cheeks became flushed. Her blood was flowing. Her nipples expanded twice the normal size. The areola's darkened. This was my first time watching Lori tackle two cocks at once. Needless to say, I put all thoughts of the strangeness out of my mind and tried to figure out what to do next. I sat back momentarily. I watched Lance re-position himself to Lori's torso. He straddled her torso and thrust his hips back and forth, and from the noises he was making I assumed that he was fucking her moth. My own cock throbbed as I continued slobbering her tasty cunt and swallowing down the juices that dripped. I could tell by the frenzied sounds of our new friend's moans that she had begun sucking him faster. I upped the pace of my tongue flickering to keep up with her hips in rhythm. Soon, she made a noise, one that I knew from years of experience, indicating she was about to cum. Seconds later, she was moaning loudly, her throat no doubt vibrating around Lance's dick. I knew she was well aware of the situation by now.

Lori licked her lips and then looked at us both with a big smile as we backed off her for a minute. In a matter of what seemed like seconds, Lance sucked on Lori's right nipple, I began to suck her left nipple. Lance's hand moved clumsily towards her cunt. Lance and I pumped our fists over our cocks. By some unspoken agreement Lance maneuvered himself between Lori's legs and plunged his hard cock into Lori's dripping cunt. I straddled my hips up to her mouth as she slid her lips over my cock. She felt so good as I savored the sensation of her tongue licking the back of my shaft. She put my cock into her mouth and I was thrilled to hear all companies moaning in ecstasy. When Lance fucked Lori harder, she sucked on me harder.

"Do you like that, Babe?" I whispered into her ear.

"Yeah." She replied and started to focus on the sex at hand. 

We were both doing our job to please Lori. My cock was rock-hard by this point, and I started touching myself with one hand while the other dawdled all along my wife's flesh, noting which spots got the most reaction. Lori was in a world of her own. As I backed off for a while to get an eyeful, I began pumping my fist around my dick, caught up in the spectacle of Lori's delight with Lance and what she may have been dreaming about. 

Lori started shaking all over. She moaned and then grasped his ass checks as she came harder than I'd ever seen. Lance fucked her with long, slow strokes while sucking on her nipples. I saw Lori's body tense up every time he slid all the way inside of her, filing her to the tilt. 

Lori begged. "Fuck me. Fuck me. Oh shit, fuck me faster." 

She urged Lance on and he took her advice. The fucking became ferocious and he kept slamming into her as he placed all of his weight on her small petite body. I know Lori was oh-so close to another orgasm as she jerked her head back and forth, her body electrified with arousal. Lori's hips bounced against the mattress, and I knew she was wiggling about, trying to force his cockhead further inside her pussy. My wife's eyes closed as she was savoring every inch of his cock filling her cunt. Lance grabbed Lori's ankles and moved them as far back as possible. Lori's ankles were practically wrapped behind her head. She literally looked like a pretzel. He Her moans filled the room. The intense fucking spurred me on while I jerked my cock in time to match their rhythms. I saw Lori shiver and heard a sharp cry that I recognized as her peaked orgasm. Lance was holding Lori's ankles and he was still rapidly pumping his hips, wanting to prolong his thrusting. Lance was driving the nail home for sure. Within a few moments, his entire body tensed and he thrust his hips forward in one hard lunge. I knew he was filling my wife with cum. When he released Lori, I watched his flaccid cock pull out of her gaping and collapsing hole. A trail of white cum followed his cockhead and fell stationary between her clams. Lance's cock softened once he made his exit.

Lori opened her eyes and glanced around the room as if she were still in a daze, until finally her gaze focused on me. As Lance moved down to the foot of the bed, I took his place. He looked on as Lori opened her legs wide. I almost came as I shoved my cock into her wet cunt. I began sawing in and out of Lori's slick pussy; her breathing grew heavy as I fucked her. With each thrust of my cock I pushed her forward; I felt her tongue drag along my chest. Back and forth I went, pressing in and drawing out, and I took a glance to see the cream begin to build on my cock. Lori's tits were bouncing back and forth as I handed her a second long and hard ride. Her cunt lips were red and swollen around my shaft. The thought of sloppy seconds began to conjure in my mind, and without warning my balls exploded, sending numerous shots of cream from my cock into my wife's cunt. Her cunt swallowed it all. We moved in slow, careful strokes, letting Lori enjoy the double creamy pie. She took to it in stride, as her newly found juices began flowing more heavily. I pulled my cock out of her cunt, and Lori's cum was dripping down to her ass. 

"Clean our cocks off." I whispered.

Lori responded and took turns licking both cockheads and trailing her tongue down our shafts.

We all sat on the bed without a work spoken. I got up to get a drink and marveled at how comfortable the situation had become. There was no tension. 
