 Their completely different work schedules had not allowed them to engage in any sex play over the last week; they had only just managed to secure a single over-nighter in a big city hotel room before their schedules parted them again. Their stark reality was that they had to accept work in binges, whenever it came. This trickled down into everything in their lives, especially their sex life.

Be that as it may, Lori had not forgotten Peter's skillful teasing from the previous weekend, and meant to pay him back, in spades. Her well-prepared vengeance was about to hit him between the eyes. She didn't think there was anything in the universe that could have dampened her spirits at that moment. She glanced at the clock radio; her timing had to be perfect.

She was lying on the bed next to him, wearing nothing but her yellow bikini panties; she could see right through the sheer, soft fabric. She loved the feel of it on her shaven pussy, loved being aware that she was wearing them under her jeans, while men went about their business all around her. She adored the way Peter's eyes lit up when his gaze dropped to her panties.

Peter was completely naked, his head on the pillow, gamely attempting to tease her by pretending to be interested in the political commentary running on CNN. Lori knew that, ironically, he actually was interested in it, but was too aware of the brevity of their one night together this week to actually risk losing this night of sex. She almost felt sorry for him; almost, but not quite.

"Honey," she whispered in his ear, "Is it all right if I play with myself while you watch TV? That's not going to bother you, is it?"

Without waiting for an answer she laid back on her pillow, and put a hand in her panties. His cock twitched as his eyes took her in -- a petite brunette with a fine ass, a ready laugh, and -- lamentably, she figured -- breasts that had begun to sag slightly. Peter loved them, loved nothing better than to bury his face in them, kissing and sucking on her extremely sensitive nipples, but she ... well, she made her peace with gravity a while back, but dammit, if she could have the breasts of her mid-twenties back ... ah well. Regrets were valueless things. All that mattered was that Peter's attitude toward her maturing body had never changed; if anything, he had become even more entranced by her sexiness.

They had known each other for almost two decades now. Peter had always -- right from the beginning -- maintained that it was her sensuality, her sexy personality, that attracted him, not the way particular body parts waxed or waned. After two decades she was almost beginning to believe him.

She brought her hand up to her mouth, wet her fingers, put them back down between her legs. She knew damn well Peter would be watching her play with her clit and labia, and that it would now be only a matter of time before he figured he might have to take part in some way. Poor sucker. Lori groaned as her stimulated clit sent shivers up her spine. She re-moistened her fingers.

"Suck my nipples," she ordered huskily, as her wet fingers moved faster and faster over her clit. He complied, gently licking and sucking a nipple, while his warm hands grasped her breasts roughly. He knew that she loved her breasts to be squeezed precisely like that, knew that it added an element of something forbidden that she could not give voice to.

She groaned as the beginnings of an orgasm caught her breath -- her legs tightening in a visegrip, she released her clit and threw her arms out for balance. The feeling boiled up from inside her, slowly at first, but in a super-heated geometric progression that built to a bursting climax of sensations; it was as though her body now needed to release these pure feelings of lust in shudders and groans and trembles. Quivering, Lori's legs and back arching, she rolled over and gasped delightedly. "Oh. My. God," she cried. "Urmm, that was a good one."

"You think?" Peter added, his voice deferential. "Must be the CNN."

She laughed and rolled over. Slipping her panties down and off, she moved over on top of Peter, whose eyes suddenly widened in delighted anticipation. It was just the standard cowgirl position, but it was a good place to start. Wiggling around a bit, she positioned herself and slipped over his whole seven inches in one smooth motion. He pretended to appear shocked at her take-charge attitude.

"Why, you ... you vixen!" he cried in mock terror. "Whatever will you make me do?"

"Shut up and suck on my tits," she ordered, beginning to ride his hard cock in earnest. "You don't mind getting fucked, do you? Can you still see the TV?"

Lori knew that right about now, with his cock deep inside her, and her tits dangling before his eager tongue, what Peter wanted most in the world was to either keep fucking her like this, or start eating her pussy. The dirtier she spoke to him, the more aroused he became. She glanced at the clock radio again, timing her ride precisely.

"Is it okay if I ride you for a bit?" she wondered out loud. "Wanna slide a finger in my ass?" His eyes glazed over as his head began to arch backward. Now!

She climbed off quickly, slid her yellow panties on, threw on a bathrobe. Her timing was just right. If only --

"Wha -- what --?" Peter moaned as he squirmed on the bed. His head was pressed far back into the pillows, but he was coming back down from his sexual high, his orgasm denied him. "Come ... come back here," he called.

There was a knock on the door. Lori moved into the front room, toward the door. Good thing he couldn't see her evil smirk.

"You ... you're gonna answer that?" Peter wondered. "Did you order room service?" His glistening cock was shrinking fast.

"Sort of," Lori said, her hand reaching for the door handle.

Peter was oblivious. "All right," he cheered. "Champagne!"

A moment later, Lori was back in the bedroom. "Peter," she said without preamble. "This is Minx. Is it all right if we both fuck you ... at the same time?"

Peter's head snapped over, his jaw literally dropping open, his eyes as wide as they could go. Blood drained from his face; his cock had gone into hiding. He was unable to speak.

"Oh my goodness," said Minx kindly. "He's terrified! Let's get a drink into him and turn that frown upside down!" She was a tall, gangly blonde in her mid-thirties, bright blue eyes framed by shoulder length hair that simply refused to stay off her bangs. A gorgeous, shimmering gown hid what must be a fit body; Lori was pleased. She'd instantly liked Minx over the phone, and was pleasantly surprised by her compassion and physical beauty.

"You're even more beautiful in person than you are in real life," Lori joked. "I'll pour some wine."

"I love Woody Allen movies," Minx admitted delightedly, recognizing the quote. "I got into them first to have something to talk about with my clients, but it turns out Woody makes a very funny movie." She swept her bangs clear.

Beet-red, Peter got off the bed and slipped his bathrobe on. He waggled a finger at Lori. "Very funny," he shook his head. "Very funny."

Lori set out three wine glasses. Minx refused hers, saying, "Never while I'm working. But go ahead, enjoy it."

Peter took Minx's and his, draining them both as if he'd been lost in the desert for weeks. As Lori lifted her glass to her lips, she was delighted and pleased, and glad that Peter couldn't see her grinning from ear to ear. Her vengeance was proceeding exactly as planned.

"Lori shared with me that your all-time favorite fantasy is to be in a threesome, with two women," Minx explained gently.

"She did that, huh?" Peter said. "I ... uh ... "

"That it was your biggest turn-on, that you have intense orgasms when you two role-play a threesome fantasy."

"Huh," Peter stammered. "She said that, huh?"

"Peter," Minx explained. "I've been a professional escort for about five years now, after burning myself out temping for minimum wage. I'm clean; my clients are clean. And I'm damn hot, right?"

Peter was speechless. Lori could tell he wanted to say something, and she thought she might know what the problem was. "Peter," she explained softly. "You're not betraying me if you tell her she's beautiful. Hell, she's hot!"

"Right," Minx added. "You two love each other intensely, that's easy to see. And now I need you to tell me how much more beautiful than almost everyone else I am; so I can get in the mood! Did that come out right?"

The three of them laughed, relaxing; Peter's intense embarrassment faded. "It's just I never really experimented when I was younger, and now that I'm forty ... "

"I get it," said Minx, sweeping the hair off her bangs again. Her large blue eyes blinked slowly at them.

"I did," Lori added. "Experimented with a threesome, I mean. Ex-hubby thought it would be cool, but there was no intimacy, it was all about him and his buddy. I was a tool, basically ... " She didn't enjoy thinking back to those emotionless days. That had been a whole other life.

"Honestly," Minx explained. "Most people are pretty straight and narrow. Except for my regulars, almost all my clients feel some sense of embarrassment at first, whether they're young hotshots off the rigs, or lawyers and doctors going from one conference to another. I can be embarrassed too -- one time this guy's mom came into the room and wanted me to start picking out mail-order brides for her son. While we were having sex!"

Lori laughed. "You must have some good stories to tell."

"Don't even go there, girl," Minx demured. "Let's just say you can't make this stuff up."

Minx swept the hair off her forehead and eyed Peter questioningly. "Are you relaxed enough to unzip me?"

Peter's eyes involuntarily flew to Lori. She stepped up to him, kissed him deeply. "I want this. For the next hour, I want this. More than anything!" He responded, desperately needing her assurance.

"Forty-five minutes, actually," Minx interjected sweetly. "Unless you've got more cash."

Lori could see Peter work up the courage to proceed. They were both very much aware of how intimacy makes sex so much better, turning simple climaxes into wild, screaming uber-orgasms. Where there was trust, there was intimacy. It had taken him this long to relax and begin to trust Minx, that she would not humiliate him somehow. Lori also knew with certainty that Peter's hesitation was not about the transactional sex, the prostitution; he was emotionally intelligent enough to be very much aware that sex trade workers were real people like everyone else. He grew up in a household that actively judged, labelled, profiled; but he had learned better more than twenty years ago.

Lori figured he might have been fighting his inner demons, the guilt feelings that urged him to stop betraying the love of his life. She nibbled his neck in encouragement.

Drawing breath, he stepped closer to Minx. She slipped off the barstool she'd been sitting on, turned her back to him. He unzipped her slowly, careful not to damage what was probably a thousand dollar dress. By the way it collapsed smoothly into itself around Minx's feet, Lori thought it might be silk.

Lori's breath caught in her throat. This woman was stunning. Her lacy black bra and matching thong panties framed a toned belly, and thighs and ass that appeared trim and fit. Breasts that were not that much bigger than Lori's, but far firmer, stood out perkily. Minx caught Lori's envious stare, and joked, "I know. The day gravity kicks in on these babies I'm gonna be at the pub having a pint." She pulled off her nylons, tossed them in a heap on top of the dress.

"So, Peter," Minx said quietly, lifting her arms over her head and doing a slow pirouette. "Are we having fun yet?"