 We decided to take the party to my apartment, where we would be completely undisturbed. Emma insisted on Mike and me going barebottomed, she wanted to lead us by our dicks. Since it was early in the morning we didn't run into anyone on the way to my apartment building, but it was still immensely exciting to be walking around bare-assed and having a beautiful woman holding your stiff dick while outside.

When we reached my apartment door Emma's hands were covered in our precum, which had been leaking copiously from our dicks and while I was fumbling with my keys she made a big show of licking her hands and moaning with pleasure.

"Mmmh, you guys taste great. I'm sure your cum tastes even better - I hope you'll share Mike's with me, Frank!" 

"That can be arranged," I said, "but you'll have to earn it."

When the door was open Emma dragged us through it by our stiffies and we made our way to the bedroom where we undressed each other completely, probing each other's holes while we were at it. 

As soon as we were naked Emma took charge.

"Mike, lie down on your back on the bed and let Frank suck you!"

We complied willingly and soon Mike's dick was engulfed in my warm mouth. I was bathing his dickhead in my saliva when I felt Emma's hand on my ass. She stroked my cheeks and then she moved down the crack, brushing my hole, then continuing to my balls, which she proceeded to squeeze and fondle softly. All the while she kept watching us with an expression of rapture.

"Oh man," she said breathlessly, "this is so much hotter than porn. So much hotter!"

Emma let go of my balls and moved forward until her face was next to mine. I shot her a glance and saw her licking her lips while she was watching me suck Mike, so I let go of his dick and asked her:

"Want some?"

„"Oh yeah," she replied and took hold of Mike's cock. She licked around the head a few times, then up and down the shaft. Finally she made an "O" with her lips and let Mike's penis slide into her mouth. Her head bobbed up and down a few times and then she started to slowly push the big fuckstick into her throat. 

Mike's face slowly turned red. 

"Oh my God, Frank, this feels incredible."

He threw his head back and let out a long moan.

Gasping, Emma came up for air.

"Oh, I can't do this for too long, I'm sorry Mike."

She sat back on her haunches and admired her handiwork. Mike's dick was hard as steel, his exposed dickhead glowing an angry red. It was clear that he was ready for action and Emma saw this, too.

"I think I need to see you fuck Frank now," she said hoarsely, arousal blushing her cheeks. Obligingly I opened the drawer in which I had the lube and got the bottle out. Just as I was squirting a generous dollop of it on my hand she said to me:

"Can I lube up your ass for you?"

I readily agreed and lay back on the bed, rasing my legs and spreading my cheeks to give her better access to my asshole. Emma scooped the lube from my hand and on the floor. Mike got on his knees to have a better view of what was going to happen.

Emma put her unlubed finger on my asshole, slowly stroking it. Then, unexpectedly, she bent forward and gave my taint and my hole a long lick with her tongue. Mike and I gasped in unison. Then I felt her tongue again on my opening. She licked around it, tentatively at first, but as soon as she was sure that there was no unpleasant taste she started eating my ass with relish.

It was an amazing feeling, one that I had never felt before in my life. Sure, I liked to eat ass occasionally, but Mike had never really done more to me than give my taint a short lick. He preferred to loosen me up with his moist fingers, which was also very enjoyable, but Emma's tongue work was on a totally different level. 

My dick grew to maximum size and when she pushed her tongue into me as far as she could I felt as if I was in heaven. It was almost too good to be true. Here I was lying on my bed, about to get fucked by my best friend and the girl I had had the hots for for a long time was eating my ass out. Days didn't get much better than that.

When she was satisfied that my ass was thoroughly lubricated with her spit, she got up, grabbed Mike's cock and smeared the lube she had on her hand on it.

" I think you guys are good to go. Show me what you got!"

I moved up on the bed till my head was almost touching the headboard and Mike knelt between my legs. He lined his magnificent cock up with my asshole and gave a slight push. I felt the head knock on my sphincter and tried to relax. Even though he had fucked me many times, his big dick still took some getting used to and Mike knew to go slow at first.

Meanwhile, Emma was mesmerized by the sight. Her mouth stood slightly open while she watched Mike slide his dickhead through my crack and push it again and again against my anal opening, all the while sinking more of his dick into me until his big glans penetrated my inner ring and he began to slowly push his staff all the way into me.

Emma gasped when Mike bottomed out.

"Oh my god, that looks so hot!" she exclaimed. "How does it feel? Does it hurt?"

I turned my head to look at her, grinning.

"His head is pushing right against my sweet spot, so, no, hurt is not the word that comes to mind," I replied.

Just then Mike slowly withdrew his dick all the way from my body, leaving my sphincter to gape open briefly. Emma took it all in with growing arousal. She had one of her hands between her legs, frigging her clit, the other was pulling on the nipple of her left tit. When Mike pushed his cock back into me she pulled on her nipple and gave a slight shudder.

Mike again pulled his cock from me and Emma leaned forward to kiss his glans, then she sucked him in her mouth and let him push into her two or three times. She then took his penis in her hand and guided him back into me. They repeated this a couple of times, then Emma swung her leg over me and sat down on my face and I couldn't see what was going on anymore.

I was staring right into her open pussy. Her labia were swollen and her very engorged clit was peeking from between them. Her pussy was absolutely drenched with her juices, her cunt lips glistening moistly. I couldn't pass on such a chance, I had tasted her juices in the park and knew she was absolutely delicious, so I wrapped my hands around her thighs and pulled her down on my mouth, tongue extended.

With a sigh she sank her sopping pussy onto my mouth and my tongue slipped right into her cunt. I lapped like a madman at her, sucking in as much of her juices as I could reach. Emma leaned back into me, grinding her cunt even more into my face. At the same time Mike shoved his cock back into my ass and started fucking me in earnest.

The lube combined with Emma's spit reduced the friction to a minimum and so Mike quickly fucked me with fast and determined pushes. His cockhead bumped against my prostate every now and then, but I guess he was distracted by the sight of a naked Emma riding my tongue so that he didn't achieve his normal rhythm which was sure to put me over the top. I guess I was just the means for my two lovers to reach their respective orgasms, but I didn't have a problem with that.

My sense of time was a little distracted, but I guess it didn't take longer than five minutes for the two to reach orgasm. I felt Emma's cunt begin to contract and her fluids flowed more copiously into my mouth as she began to orgasm, then she raised her hips because her clit was becoming too sensitive to the touch of my tongue, but I still had my arms around her thighs and I drew her back down on me, albeit at a slightly different angle so that I could repay her for her kindness from before and stick my tongue into her asshole. 

She screamed out her orgasm and I guess it was that display that put Mike over the edge, too, because he gave one final push deep into me and then I felt his cock pulsate inside of me.

Emma collapsed on top of me, her face in my crotch. Mike stayed inside of me, his cock slowly deflating. Sometimes he would stay hard and fuck me again after a minute or two, but this time he was spent, at least for the time being. I lazily lapped at Emma's pussylips and was rewarded with postorgasmic shudders every now and then.

Finally Mike withdrew his limp cock from me and I felt his cum trickle out of my asshole. It felt as if he had unloaded a whole gallon into me and I was just wondering what Emma thought of the sight that was presented to her, when I heard her coo.

"Oh, yum, look at all that cum coming from your asshole, Frank."

She scooched down a little and soon I felt first one, then two of her fingers pressing into my thoroughly fucked anal opening. She slowly fingerfucked me, coaxing more and more of the cum from me. I soon found out that she didn't let it go to waste when she knelt up beside of me and started to feed me Mike's cum with her sticky fingers.

"Don't think you can eat all of this alone," she smiled mischievously, "I want my fair share!"

With that she leaned down and kissed my cum-smeared lips, then stuck her tongue into my mouth.

"Mike," she said when she came up for air, "I have to say our juices make for an intoxicating mixture. Here, give it a try!"

She pushed the fingers of her right hand first into her pussy, then into my ass to scoop up some cum, then she offered her glistening fingers to Mike, but he politely declined the offer. Although he was no stranger to the taste of cum and actually quite enjoyed eating my semen quite regularly, he wasn't very keen on tasting his own right after he had shot it into my ass.

"Your loss, my gain," I thought and, taking hold of Emma's hand, guided her fingers into my mouth, relishing the taste of Mike's and Emma's combined juices. I was still horny as hell and the taste of Emma's fingers rekindled the fire in my loins that had abated somewhat after Mike had shot his cum into me.

My rejuvenated erection didn't escape Emma's attention and so she bent down and took my dick into her mouth and gave it a few deep sucks. When she released me she had a big shit-eating grin on her face.

"Mike, I think we have to thank Frank properly for being such a willing fuck puppet for the two of us. Hand me that lube over there, will you?"

I propped myself up on my elbows to watch her. She opened the lube and started to coat her left hand with it liberally. Confused, I said to her:

"You know, you don't need lube to wank me," misreading her intentions, "I'm uncut, so you can just go right ahead."

I had barely said it when she turned to me with a devilish look on her face.

"Frankyboy, you don't really think I'll reward you with a measly handjob, do you? No way, I'm going to use all that beautiful cum that is still in your ass and give you something that you'll think of for a long time to come."

With these words she knelt between my knees, bent down and took my dick back into her mouth, all the way in until its head was lodged into her throat. At the same time she put her fingers back into my asshole, first one, then two, then three ... Suddenly I knew what she had in mind - she was going to fist me!

My sphincter twitched involuntarily. I had never been fisted and I wasn't sure if I wanted to be. Having a dick in my ass was one thing, but a whole hand? Mike, sensing my reluctance, leaned down to my ear and whispered:

"Relax, Frank, she has pretty small hands and your ass is pretty open after the fucking I just gave you. Lubrications also shouldn't be a problem, I think I squirted a record load into you. So, relax, enjoy the ride. Just think of it: Emma Fender is fisting you while she sucks your cock."

He was right, of course, so I tried to relax and Emma wiggled a fourth digit into me, all the while twisting and turning her hand to widen my already loose asshole.

Finally I felt her using her whole hand and she slowly pushed it into me, all the while sucking my dick and wanking it with her other hand. Like Mike had done with his cock before, Emma slowly pushed and withdrew again until my sphincter had adapted to the size of her hand and suddenly I felt the muscle give and her hand slid into my anal passage.

The feeling was intense. I had never felt so full in all of my life, not even my biggest dildos had filled my like her fist and arm did. Uncomfortable at first, I soon adjusted to her and started to enjoy what she was doing inside of me. Slowly she twisted her arm inside me, flexing her fist, probing, searching. Involuntarily I twitched when she hit my prostate and then she knew where to linger. 

She massaged my sweet spot with her hand and I began to rapidly approach orgasm. Her mouth was bobbing up and down on my cock and suddenly I couldn't take it anymore and I came with a mighty roar. My sphincter contracted around her arm and it felt as if liquid fire was shooting from my dick. She pushed my cockhead deep into her throat and took all that I could give her.

I think I actually passed out for a moment and when I came to again she and Mike were kneeling over me, locked in a passionate French kiss, sharing my semen. Then they both looked at me and smiled.

"This may me the beginning of of a beautiful friendship," Emma said and we all embraced and laughed about her corny joke.