 Wherein we party hardy, then finish the shoot, and me

Author's note: this is part 4 of a 12-part story arc which I've put under Group Sex (see Chapter 1). Like all my stories, it begins with character development and in this case, over several chapters. The chapters can have the elements of a number of different categories and I will try to give advance warning. This one is primarily Group, Bi/Lesbian and background. And a gentle reminder: this is all Fiction – Willing Suspension of Disbelief recommended... 

* ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ *

Going in to enjoy Fuzion was a delight. Ginger changed back into her street clothes, but Molly and I took a few minutes to spiff up. I decided I really liked the white sundress, but I got back the shoes I'd worn last night – much more comfortable to dance in. Molly blew me away. Black leather miniskirt, black sleeveless halter and flats. That and an understated job with the make-up and she looked phenomenal. 

Jerry had a huge GMC Savanna van that would seat nine with all the amenities – or it sure seemed like it. We all piled in, the five guys and we three girls, and he drove us on down to the bar. I was a little nervous about how much attention we were drawing when he parked the van in the city lot a few blocks from the bar, but I had to admire his chutzpah in dealing with it.

He picked a big, mean-looking guy who was loitering around the cashier's station. He walked up to him, handed him the keys and a hundred dollar bill.

"That van hasn't got a scratch on it," he told the man. "If it still doesn't when I come back for it, you get to live, and another Benjamin. Clear?"

The man looked at the van, then the keys and money Jerry had put in his hand, then the rest of us, then back at Jerry.

"Sure," he said dispassionately. Jerry stuck out his hand. "Jerry," he told the big guy.

"Kong," the guy said, taking Jerry's hand. Then I saw Jerry open his coat slightly so the guy could see something. Something I thought was illegal in California. The big guy just nodded.

Jerry smiled as he turned to join us. "Okay, you groupies," he told us. "Let's go harass the band!"

"Hey!" Ginger punched him slightly. "I am the band!"

"Oh, goody!" Jerry just leered at her and she broke up laughing.

We all headed over to the bar and once inside, commandeered a couple of tables and pushed them together so we could get a ringside seat. Ginger checked in with her band, then sat with us for awhile before she had to go get ready.

Under the hubbub of the rapidly filling bar, I leaned over to Jerry and asked as quietly as I could, "are you allowed to carry that in this State?"

"We're still may-issue," he told me, "and L.A. doesn't... although that may be changing. But actually..." He paused as he reached inside his coat and pulled out a shield, setting it on the table in front of me. It had a blue circle on a six-pointed star with a bear in the middle of the circle. On the top of the circle it said "Deputy Sheriff" and underneath, "Los Angeles County" with a number under that.

"You're a Sheriff's Deputy?" I asked incredulously.

"Reserve, for the Aero unit," he told me. "I'm a civilian pilot and can be called in to help in emergencies. The status of sworn deputy goes with it. So does the carry permit."

"So you get to fly one of their helicopters?" I asked, surprised.

"No, I fly my own. I kind of lend her to them when we're needed."

"You own a helicopter???"

"Um... yes," he told me, smiling slightly. "Maybe you'd like to go flying sometime."

I guess the concept of obscenely rich hadn't really sunk in yet – but it was definitely trying to.

"I think that would be nice," I told him. "But I don't know how long I'm going to be in town."

"If the opportunity arises, the offer is open," he told me. "We've got five guys and Molly. Should I roll a die to see who gets the first dance with you?"

I must have looked at him kind of funny, because he added, "I'm sure you noticed that girls do dance with girls here, right?"

Actually, I hadn't, and I told him so. "I was too busy with the testosterone-based eye-candy... so no, I didn't notice same-sex partners."

"Well, I suppose Dave and Paul can have that effect," he smiled.

"You, too," I told him. "Don't sell yourself short."

"I never sell short," he kept smiling. "I'm in the market for the long haul."

I just shook my head and smiled. His ability to turn everything into a pun or a double-entendre was part of his charm.

"So do you happen to have a die?" I asked.


"No," he told me. "But flipping a coin two or three times will do the same thing."

I eyed him skeptically. He reached in his pocket and pulled out a quarter.

"Molly is one, Dave two, Paul three, Jackson is four, Ron is five and I'm six," he explained. "First flip divides the results – heads is one through three, tails is four through six." He flipped the coin and it came up heads.

"Next toss divides it into high or low," he went on. "Heads is one-two, tails is three. It isn't the same probability of throwing a six-sided die, but it'll work." He flipped the coin and it came up heads.

"Last one is straightforward," he smiled. "Heads is one, or Molly, and tails is two, or Dave." He flipped the coin and it came up heads. Three heads in a row. And Molly, who smiled at me.

"Don't let him bully you," she told me. "You don't have to dance with me if you don't want to..."

My answer was drowned out by the opening chords of ZZ Top's "Legs"...

Well, fuck it, I thought. What better song? I stood up and held out my hand to Molly who was beaming.

We made our way to the dance floor where couples were starting to flow in. Molly and I had the same idea – we parked ourselves in front of where Ginger was playing. 

I am going to make this sundress work for me, I thought. My legs aren't that bad and fuck it, nobody I care about is going to be critical. I realized Molly was doing the same thing – teasing Ginger with legs that went all the way up. She was twirling and moving to show them off and I was getting seriously distracted until I remembered that's what I was supposed to be doing, too.

The smile we got from Ginger let us know we'd made our point. Then Molly surprised me. She moved in and took me in a tight dance cage, where she could use me like a pole, to be support for really showing off. I decided to go for it. But when I went to dip her and she damn near did a splits standing up, I about lost it. I was amazed.

"Jazz ballet," she told my stunned expression, and the night just got better from there.

We had a gas. The guys kept me and Molly dancing most of the night, and rehydrating in-between. Somebody scored some appetizers from Antonio's next door and it made do for dinner. I only got slightly buzzed, dancing most of it off. And I was getting an inordinate amount of attention from the single guys not in my group, especially considering the fact that I thought Molly would be the exclusive center of attention.

Of course, Los Cinco Hermanos were paying quite a bit of attention to me, too, and it felt fabulous. Part of me watched in detached amusement as the jaded divorcee bitch part of me got worn down, and I felt happy and turned on like I hadn't since the divorce. In a couple of the breaks, the rest of the members of Fuzion came over and Ginger introduced us all the way around. They were talented and they were fun and I was feeling like God was in His Heaven and all was right with the world.

We stayed until closing at 2am, then went back to get Jerry's van. It was pristine. Apparently "Kong" took his job seriously. Ginger decided that rather than drive all the way home from Jerry's just to turn around and come back, she'd stay the night. I asked to go by my hotel to pick up my stuff and check for messages.

"So you're going to stay with me?" Jerry asked.

"For now," I told him. "I'm going to get my stuff so I can put it in my rental, but I'm not checking out of the hotel yet, just in case I need it during the week."

"Fair enough," he smiled and took me to the hotel, then went up to my room to help me schlep my stuff down. The desk clerk tried very hard not to give me a funny look as we went by with my luggage, so I stopped and told him I was keeping the room, just visiting a friend and I'd be back. Besides, they'd swiped my card when I'd checked in. I was sure they'd charge me until I checked out.

It was about 4am when we made it back to Jerry's and honestly, I was tired. Jerry reminded me that there were two unoccupied bedrooms available to Ginger and me. I went and found one and stashed my stuff. I was getting out my toiletries when Ginger knocked.

"Want company tonight?" she asked. "Or would you rather sleep alone?"

I really had to stop and think about that one.

"Do you really want to?" I asked. "I mean, are you used to not sleeping alone?"

"I'm alone some of the time, and not, some of the time," she smiled. "Just thought you'd like a bed-warmer. I take it you're used to sleeping alone?"

"You know that stuff I laid on you for the video?" I asked her and she nodded. "Most of it was based on fact."

"You're shitting me." She looked incredulous.

"Nope," I told her. "I'd been without for about a year before Los Cinco Hermanos picked me up at the bar Friday night. I got very used to sleeping alone. Then they all did me, and then you and Molly today. I think I've had more sex in the last two days than I've had in the last two years. Oh, and last night I treated myself to sleeping with Dave, after they'd fucked me six ways from Sunday. So I kind of went from drought to deluge."

"Wow..." was all that came out of Ginger for several moments. "Okay, well, it's your call," she eventually went on. "I like how soft and comfortable you feel. But I'm good either way."

"No sex?" I asked. "Only sleeping... we have a shoot later this afternoon."

"No sex," she affirmed. "Only sleeping."

"Then, cool... I'm going to grab a quick shower after I get my stuff put away."

"How about I join you and scrub your back?" Ginger smiled.

"Works for me," I told her and went back to arranging my stuff. Half-an-hour later we were showered and snuggled in the bed, with her spooned in front of me.

She really was comfortable to sleep with, and I had no problem drifting off – very, very happy...

* * * * *

The morning had been very lazy. I woke with Ginger entwined in me and discovered we'd both slept in rather late. Molly had breakfast ready when we managed to drag our sorry asses upstairs to the kitchen. We also discovered Paul there. He, too, had slept in.

"I don't know about these guys with the early-morning work ethic," he grumbled, sipping his coffee. "Definitely not human. How Jerry can be up working on the movie, Dave and Ron out playing tennis and Jackson working out in the weight room that early is beyond me. Not sure I should trust them."

"Alien invaders?" I suggested with a smile.

"Souls from Host?" Ginger smiled.

"Invasion of the Body Snatchers?" Molly offered. We all turned to stare at her.

"How do you know a movie from 1956?" I asked her.

"1978," Ginger corrected me.

"That was the remake, with Donald Sutherland and Leonard Nimoy," I told her, "and both were still made before she was born!"

"Tahitian television was pretty limited, before the Internet," Molly told us. "My grandmother was a 40's and 50's black-and-white film nut. Once she discovered mail order, she had a huge collection of DVD's."

"You're Tahitian?" I asked.

"Actually, I was born on Tikehau, then moved to Bora Bora when I was eleven," she told us. "They're all part of French Polynesia, but everybody knows Tahiti the best."

"Pardon my ignorance," I told her. "I'd love to hear stories about Polynesia."

"Maybe later this week, if you stick around," Molly smiled. "I need to finish cleaning up here, get the laundry started and make lunch. Then we have a porno to make."

"Oh, yeah... the five guy, two girl fantasy..." I drawled. "I hope I have it in me."

"Oh, you'll have it in you," Paul virtually snickered. "Many times over."

"Oh, you tease, you..." I smiled at him. "Promises, promises..."

He just smirked and sensuously licked his lips.

"Now cut that out!" I admonished him. "A girl's gotta get some food and then do some serious relaxing in the jacuzzi before we film!"

"I like the way you think!" Ginger exclaimed. "Finish up and let's go!"

* * * * *

We picked up where we'd left off, same costumes and make-up, same bedroom scene. Jerry filmed a short bit where the three of us – wiped out after phenomenal girl-on-girl-on-girl sex – crashed out all snuggled together in the bed after pulling our tops back on, with a slow zoom in to my face and a blur out. We had to watch the last part of the previous afternoon's shoot for reference and by the time I was done "referencing" it, I was definitely horny again. Then Jerry dropped the lights and went to localized lighting so the edges of the bed were in shadow and I was the only one in it.

And while he and Ginger were messing with the setup, I got to watch three of Los Cinco sporting hard-ons and playing with themselves to stay that way. I was rather juicy by the time we got to start filming.

We had decided on my fantasizing Dave first, and then Paul joining us out of the shadows, very much like my first time with them. Then they'd fade out and I'd be imagining Ron and Jackson. Then they'd fade to Jerry and Ginger, and then Molly joining us. Then we'd finish up with all seven of them, with somebody rotating out to handle the mobile camera and then back in again.

The only one not cycling out of the camera was me. It turned out to be harder to shoot than I thought.

"Remember, guys, cum shots!" Jerry told us as we got ready. "If you're gonna cum, make sure it lands on her, not in her, and that the cameras get it." That didn't sound terribly romantic. And besides, I really liked them cumming in me.

"We're probably going to need about three apiece," he added and I just about wrenched my neck, whipping it around to look at him.

"The guys have to cum three times apiece???" I asked in astonishment. "Can they even do that???"

All I got for an answer was five guys looking at me with silly grins on their faces and two girls snickering.

"Can I at least get some of them in me?" I whined, and I know it sounded like I was pleading. Well, I was, sort of.

"Okay, modification," Jerry told the guys. "If you're going for a third, you can make it a creampie, and make sure Beth gets it... we want her really spunked up."

They all nodded like they knew what they were doing and we took our starting positions... me on the bed and Dave coming in out of the shadows. And we were off.

I decided that dreamily playing with myself as if in my sleep would be good while Dave eased himself down between my legs. He gently spread my thighs more and I yielded to him, continuing to rub myself. Then he used his hands to spread my labia and expose my very swollen clit. I'm sure the cameras got some really good images of my dripping nethers before Dave moved in. He eased my hand away from myself and went down on me.

"Oh, God!" I moaned as he sucked my clit into his mouth and began flicking it. This wasn't acting anymore. This was Oh-my-God sex with a guy who already knew how to drive me crazy.

We'd tentatively decided to do things pretty much in the same order as the first time I'd been with them, or at least for the first go 'round. We'd figure out how to insert the girls later. Jerry seemed to be taking a much more organic approach to this, rather than scripted. So I sort of knew how this was going to proceed. After all, it was supposed to be my fantasy...

I nearly came when Dave inserted first one, then two fingers in my pussy, stroking what I now guessed was the infamous "G-spot"... not that I'd really ever believed it existed or had a lover who knew how to find it. In this case, Dave knew exactly where it was, just like Ginger had, and he was exploiting every bit of his knowledge. He steadily drove me to the edge and I surrendered. I was getting used to the crashing cums these guys – and girls – could bring out in me, used to them enough to anticipate them, and it was exquisite agony as I felt myself getting closer and closer.

And then it was bliss. Dave sucked on my swollen clit and finger-fucked me and I came, hard. And I kept cumming as Dave drew it out and let me coast just a little before taking me over the edge again. The scene may have been fantasy for the film but the cums were real enough. I stopped caring about my moans and cries and just let him take control.

That's when Paul upped the ante. I had my eyes closed, so I didn't see him slide in from the shadows. But I certainly felt him as he knelt next to me on the bed and brushed his very erect manhood across my lips. Reflexively, I groped for his cock and when I found it, I wrapped my hand around it and pulled him to my mouth, swirling my tongue around him and sucking at the head. I was a little surprised at the pre-cum already oozing out, but he tasted great and I didn't care.

I tried to deep-throat him. That was a mistake.

I mean, it wasn't a mistake, per se, it was more like the wrong angle. I could only get about half of him in before I started to gag and I decided that gagging in what was supposed to be a dream wasn't such a good idea.

I had to pause again, because Dave was making me cum again, and when I did, Paul gently withdrew his hard-on from my mouth and moved around to the head of the bed, straddling my head with his knees and gently lifting me on to his thighs. Then he offered me his cock again, and this time, if I tilted my head back a bit, I could get a clear shot at trying to take him all the way in.

Dave took advantage of the shift to replace his fingers with his cock and start a slow, steady pumping that took me right back up to going over the edge, repeatedly.

As I said before, I don't have much experience deep-throating. Friday night was pretty much it. But I can be stubborn. I like to think of it as "tenacious". And in this case, I was going to take Paul all the way down without gagging, so help me God! I did like I had with Jerry and reached for Paul's balls, using them to encourage him deeper into me. I kept licking and slurping and swallowing, catching a breath when I could, trying to draw him all the way in. And finally I found that magic point like I had with Jerry where all of Paul just slid all the way down my throat until his balls were bumping against my nose.

I just held him there, swallowing like crazy, and being rewarded by him swelling up even more. Then Dave rolled me over into another orgasm and I went ape-shit. I think I'd characterize it as making Paul throat-fuck me. I grabbed his ass and pulled him into me as deep as possible over and over and over, pretty much in rhythm with the orgasmic waves crashing through my body.

All of a sudden, Paul straightened up, put his hands against my shoulders and forced himself back, out of me, muttering "oh, fuck!" and moaning as his cock cleared my mouth. Another "Oh, FUCK!!!" signaled the start of his eruption and he began blasting ropes of cum all over my face and still open mouth, in my hair and onto my throat and tits. And he just seemed to keep cumming and cumming... I was in awe.

Then just as suddenly, Dave pulled out and along with his loud moan, I felt his hot seed splashing my pussy and mons, and up onto my belly, and he, too, seemed to cum forever. I couldn't look to see because I had Paul's thick cum running into my eyes. I felt like a cake with the icing melting off.

While Dave and Paul were slowly coming down, I felt another hard-on pushed into my hand, so I started stroking it. I knew from the girth it had to be Ron. Then I felt Jackson wrap my other hand around his erection while somebody with a soft, slightly damp towel was wiping the cum away from my eyes. Not the rest of me – just my eyes. I guess they wanted me well iced.
