 Wherein Sandra confronts Sandy, détente begins, and a surprise invitation

Author's note: this is part 8 of a 12-part story arc which I've put under Group Sex (see Chapter 1). Like all my stories, it begins with character development and in this case, over several chapters. The chapters can have the elements of a number of different categories and I will try to give advance warning. This one is a mix of Bi/Lesbian, Anal, Fetish (Fisting), Toys and Masturbation. And a gentle reminder: this is all Fiction – Willing Suspension of Disbelief recommended... 

* ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ *

"Ginger's playing tonight," Jerry reminded us as we joined the others on the pool terrace. "I don't have any plans to go clubbing tonight, but if some of you others want to go, feel free."

"I'd rather get as much of the Sandy stuff put to bed, as it were, as we can," Sandra told him. "Which means borrowing your video of me and watching it in some sort of relative safety."

"You're welcome to use the theatre," Jerry told her. "Who do you want with you? Or with Sandy, as the case may be?"

Sandra looked thoughtful for several moments.

"Since Ginger's going to be gone, how about Beth and Molly?" she asked. "Not having any guys removes a bunch of temptation from Sandy's path."

"Fine by me," I told her. "As long as there's more than just me there, in case Sandy gets violent or something."

"Okay by me, too," Molly told us. "I don't mind riding herd. I'll get dinner laid out – sandwich fixings and the leftover grill from last night – and you guys can fend for yourselves. Based on last night, just leave the dishes and I'll clean up later tonight."

"Aw, c'mon, Molly," Jackson protested. "We weren't that bad in the kitchen..."

The look she gave him could best be summed up as "Wanna bet?"

"Okay, okay..." Jackson put up his hands as if in surrender. "We'll leave your kitchen alone..."

"Since the ladies would like some alone time," Ron put in, "I was thinking about heading down to Santa Monica tonight, to the Pier, do a little people-watching. Anybody want to go with?"

"Sure, I'll go," Paul put in. "I can drop some of my stuff by my apartment so I don't have to lug it all down on Sunday."

"I'll go," Jackson told him, then added "It'll keep me outta Molly's hair..." with a sideways grin to her.

Dave looked at me for a very long moment before telling them, "sure, why not? I'm in..."

Putting on my best "little girl" voice, I told him, "Remember to bring me back a souvenir, Daddy..."

"Who's your Daddy?" he smiled.

"Um..." I held up my hand, fingers splayed, then ticked off my fingers, counting "Uno, Dos, Tres, Cuatro, Cinco..." Then I looked at him and shrugged, "all of you? Just don't bring back any competition for me."

"You seem to be doing a fair job of that yourself," Jerry smiled, indicating Sandra.

"Uh, uh, uh..." I admonished him. "Cooperation, not competition... that's the key."

"As you wish," he smiled again. "Molly, please call me when dinner's ready. I'll be in my office."

"As you wish," she smiled, then turned to the rest of us. "If you're looking for me, I'll be in the kitchen."

"And if you're looking for me," I smiled, "I'll be in the jacuzzi."

"Me, too," Sandra added.

"Me, three," Ginger added, "until I have to get ready to leave."

Apparently the guys agreed with us because all of them except Jerry trooped out with us.

* * * * *

After the guys left for Santa Monica and Ginger left for her gig, Molly set up the "Sandy movie" in the theatre. We didn't bother with the popcorn... a pitcher of Margaritas seemed much more in order.

Molly and I both knew what was on the movie, so our attention was glued to Sandra who was riveted to the screen, wondering what the hell had happened. Molly dimmed the lights and started the recording. It was raw video, so it went right to Ron, Paul, Molly and Dave securing Sandy to the bench – and it was definitely Sandy in the video. I could feel Sandra squirming next to me as she watched Sandy bitching at the guys while they shaved her. When Jerry asked Sandy if she was going to be a good girl, Sandra froze.

I heard the low moan and felt Sandra's hand slide under her dress as she watched Jerry putting the clover clamps on Sandy and I had a feeling said Sandy was scratching her way out. I was sure of it as the moaning and jilling intensified as she watched Ron lube up Sandy's pussy and ass, and Jerry fit first the anal plug, and then the doggy-dildo.

When Jerry held up the three vibrators and I told him to use the wand, Sandra – or what was left of her, next to me – muttered "that was supposed to be in confidence, bitch...", but she sure didn't slow down her jilling. If anything, she sped up. So I stopped trying to be circumspect and turned to look at what she was doing.

She had the first two fingers of her right hand rapidly rubbing her clit in little circles and the middle two fingers of her left imbedded in her pussy, stroking in and out and apparently curled up to get her G-spot.

"Oh, God..." she quietly moaned, and I figured since it was quietly, it was probably Sandra.

"Sandra, it's okay if what you're seeing is turning you on," I told her. "You can enjoy this without having to have Sandy come charging out..."

"I know..." she answered, still quietly. "But it's a real bitch not to just give in and let her go..."

A few moments later when Jerry had the wand positioned and turned it on, she added, "especially when something like that is happening to my body... I remember it. I remember cumming my brains out uncontrollably and wanting more... lots more..."

"OH, FUCK!!!" She wasn't subtle about it this time. She came hard and she came loud and she came for a very long time, lengthened by the images of Dave buried in her throat. About the time she was coming down from her orgasmic high is when Jerry, on the screen, started paddling Sandy.

The combination of paddling and throat-fucking elicited a growl from the woman next to me, and I guessed that Sandy might be fighting to make an appearance. I decided I needed to preempt that, but I'm not a trained professional and I had no idea how. So I took a chance and went with my gut.

"Sandy," I told her, leaning over within groping and kissing range, if need be. "It would be better for you if you let Sandra know what you two did, because if she remembers it, and likes it, she might not fight you so much when it comes to getting let out to play..."

Sandy turned ravenous eyes to me and I figured what the hell? and went for it. I grabbed her and pulled her into a deep kiss, just as she was doing the same to me. We went lip-crushing uvula spelunking for a good thirty seconds, maybe a minute, before pulled back, eyes blazing and panting hard, just staring at me and obviously trying to think.

"You may be right..." she told me in a deep purr.

"I may be crazy..." I filled out with the Billy Joel lyrics. "But it just may be a lunatic you're looking for."

With that, I saw her expression soften a little as Sandy seemed to relinquish control to Sandra. But I wasn't going to stop there. Gently this time, I drew the person I was hoping was Sandra into another kiss, this one soft and exploratory, light and teasing, seeing how she'd react.

I hit the jackpot.

Tentatively at first, touching lips and licking slightly with her tongue, letting mine in when I probed with it, Sandra melted into the kiss. She cranked it up right along with me until we were right back to where Sandy had let off. And this was Sandra, completely in control and with full knowledge of what was going on between us.

"Pretty fucking hot up there, huh?" I asked as I pulled back a little, nodding in the direction of the screen, where Jerry was getting out the riding crop.

Sandra looked, then gasped with a slight following moan at the first stroke. I realized her hand was back in her pussy and decided it wouldn't hurt to rub her clit for her. "Uno," I whispered in her ear.

She gasped again at the second stroke and began to writhe under my fingers. "Dos," I told her.

When the third stroke fell, she gasped again and arched up into my hand, but it didn't seem like she was cumming yet, so I reached over with my other hand and started rolling one of her nipples between my thumb and forefinger while I whispered "Tres".

That definitely got a response! A nice, long moan while she pumped herself even faster, pushing her mons up into my hand, hard. When the fourth stroke fell, she gave a short cry, then moaned very loudly and began pounding her pussy furiously, thrusting up into my hand – still massaging her clit – as if she was humping me.

"Cuatro, Sandra," I told her, keeping up my stimulation. I was ecstatic to see her roll her eyes my direction when I called her Sandra, and she definitely still was. Just about ready to explode, but still Sandra.

When the fifth stroke fell, she cried out "OH MY FUCKING GOD!!!" and started cumming like Sandy came, all pushing and humping and thrashing, even as I told her, "Cinco, Sandra. Los Cinco Hermanos."

"More!" she suddenly growled and I knew Sandy was coming back with a vengeance.

"No, no, no, Sandy," I told her and moved to my knees in front of Sandra. "Let Sandra run the show... remember, you want her to remember this..." and I pulled Sandy's hand from her pussy, inserted my own two fingers and resumed pumping her while I went down on her, sucking her very swollen clit into my mouth and flicking it with my tongue.

"Oh, my God!..." she cried out again, and I knew it was Sandra's voice. There was enough of a difference, in tone and attitude, that I was getting to know which one was in charge by the sounds she was making. I quickly glanced at the screen to see Dave fucking her as Paul moved in for oral. I remembered what happened next, so I ignored the screen and paid attention to Sandra. I was going to keep going down on her until I made her cum and cum and cum... and do my best to make sure it was Sandra, not Sandy, getting the benefits.

Molly slid in next to me. "Mind if I get in on some of the action?" she asked with that wonderfully wicked smile. "Move over a little."

I did, and she slid in next to me, wetting her fingers with Sandra's juices and starting to play with Sandra's anus while fondling her other breast, just like I was doing.

"Let me know when you want to switch the oral and I'll spell you," Molly told me as she slipped first one and then two fingers into Sandra's ass.

Sandra came. Hard. I didn't see any reason to waste a perfectly good orgasm, so I tried to keep it going, rolling it over. Mostly, it worked. With no place for her hands, Sandra had them on Molly's and my shoulders, steadying herself while she kept watching the screen and Los Cinco Hermanos taking turns fucking and deep throating her.

"She was a three," Molly reminded me quietly and I remember that's how Ron had measured Sandy for Jerry. So I slipped a third finger into Sandra and it slid in easily. Its effect on Sandra was noticeable... she raised up a little and pushed down hard on my hand, driving my fingers in as far as they would go.

"Is Sandra still home?" I asked her, starting to get suspicious.

"Yes," she breathed. "Barely. Oh, God, I hope this is alright... I'm just doing what she's telling me... God, please don't think I'm sick or something..."

"Do you like cumming?" Molly asked and Sandra nodded. "Then you're doing just fine!" she added. "Do anything you want. You'll know if it's too much, and nobody's going to give you shit about it."

Sandra nodded again, still humping my hand, and whispered, "four".

I was definitely not expecting that. I looked up from between her thighs and asked, "are you sure?"

"Please?" she answered softly and I decided she, Sandra, meant it. So I slipped my fourth finger in and let her hump against me – which she started doing very vigorously. I had to keep my thumb tucked in to keep it out of the way or she would have sprained it.

"Oh, God!... Really???" Sandra asked and I had to come up off her clit to see what she was looking at. Molly slid in to take over the cunnilingus while I turned to look at the screen, where Sandra was staring at Ginger straddling Sandy on the bench and Sandy going to town on her.

"Yeah, really, Sandra," I told her. "And Sandy was damned good at giving pleasure as well as getting it. And since she was, you are. You let her out to play when it's safe and she can show you all kinds of things you never imagined."

"Well, fuck me..." Sandra moaned.

"Yeah, pretty surprising, huh?" I agreed.

"No," Sandra iterated forcefully. "I mean, fuck me! Like, now! As in, FUCK ME!!!"

"Oh!" I exclaimed, feeling a little stupid while Molly chuckled into Sandra's labia. I started moving my hand and Sandra bore down against it.

"Holy shit!" Sandra exclaimed and again, I had to look to see what had gotten her attention. It was the guys lining up the two-dildo fucking machine on Sandy's pussy and ass. When they turned it on and Sandy went nuts, Sandra started pushing back down on my hand faster and harder.

"Why don't you give the lady what she wants?" Molly asked me, raising off Sandra long enough to give me one of those meaningful looks women are known for. I'll admit, it took me a few to get what she was saying. But then I did...

And the harder Sandra pushed down on me, the harder I pushed back until the inevitable happened.

My hand popped into her pussy. My first official fisting, and I had absolutely no idea what to do. But I didn't have to... Sandra went ape-shit. I tried to hold relatively still while Sandra pumped up and down on me, crying out louder and louder as she drove herself to her peak.

Molly whispered "make a small fist with your thumb straight and rub the thumb knuckle over her G-spot".

"I'll pretend I know what you're talking about," I whispered back, "but I don't think I'm in charge here..."

Molly just smiled and showed me how to make the fist she was talking about, kind of egg-shaped with my thumb knuckle sticking out a little. I did what she'd said and tried rotating my fist side to side, running the knuckle against the front of Sandra's pussy. Apparently, that's all it took.

Sandra's pussy clamped down on me hard as she moaned through clenched teeth, "Cumming!!!"

I stayed where I was and let her grind it out on my hand.

"C'mon you fucking whore!" Sandy's voice erupted. "FUCK ME!!!"

"Sandy," I told her sternly, "you're not letting Sandra enjoy this! Back off! Let her cum on her own!"

I don't know if what I was saying was actually having any effect on the Sandra/Sandy split, but I'd like to think so because shortly after jumping on Sandy for taking over, I heard the Sandra voice moaning, "Oh, God! That is so intense! God, I don't know how much more I can take!"

"Look at the screen, Sandra," I told her, trying to distract her from worrying. Unfortunately, it was right when Sandy went into her long, continuous, howling orgasm while the machine pounded away at her.

To my amazement, Sandra – not Sandy – started to do the same thing as she came over and over on my fist, until it seemed as if she was going to pass out.

"Ease up, Beth," Molly told me gently. "Let her start coasting down or she'll be sleeping here tonight. I'm not carrying her to a bedroom without Jackson's help."

I did as suggested and stopped grinding Sandra's pussy, and then, as she started to ease up herself, I started to pull out my hand.

"No, no, no..." Molly hurriedly told me. "Wait until she cums again, then make your hand as pointed and thin as you can and ease it out... less shock to her system that way."

Obviously Molly was the voice of experience here, so I did what she told me to do and the next time Sandra went into one of her world-class orgasms, I eased my hand out while Molly kept up a gentle stimulation of Sandra's mons. Once I was out, it was a lot easier to coast Sandra down and it just happened to coincide with the guys taking Sandy off the fucking machine and carrying her over to the bed to clean her up.

"Nice timing," Molly smiled at me, over Sandra's damned near comatose body.

"Hello..." I said to the inert form in front of me. "Anybody home? And if so, who?"

"If it was Sandy," Sandra's exhausted voice mumbled, "she'd be raping you right now..."

"Well, that's a relief," I told her. "I think consensual is much better than coercive. Are you okay?"

"My belly is going to hate me in the morning..." Sandra moaned as she tried to sit back up in the seat.

"It's the weekend," I pointed out. "We can do something about that. What did you think of the movie?"

There was a very long pause while a thoughtful look descended on Sandra's face.

"Um... should I not be asking?" I asked. I suddenly felt like I was pushing her too hard, too fast.

"No, that's okay..." she sighed, then paused again. Finally she answered.

"Scary," she told me.

"Scary?" I iterated, a bit confused.

"Yeah, scary," she confirmed. "Part of me thinks it – I mean, I think... or Sandy thinks... whatever – it was awesome. Exciting as all hell. But the other part of me wonders how the fuck I could be such a wanton slut... and into all that kink, too. I have no idea how Sandy even survived with an attitude like that, let alone enjoyed it."

"You know how to play the game," Molly told her. "The Sandy part of you does, anyway. Yeah, it's pretty extreme stimulation, but something in you thrives on it. Some women get into it as an extension of abuse they suffered as a child. Some because they just need heavy stimulation and the B&D mind/body games provide the framework. Some because they're stoned out of their gourds and have no idea what kind of punishment their bodies are taking. Different women – and men – have different reasons."

"The point is, Sandra – or Sandy – you know how to get your needs met. Fairly extreme, in this case, but not outside the envelope of 'normal'. I'd bet on needing very strong stimulation to get the big O."

"Don't rule out abuse," Sandra told her and we both looked surprised.

Seeing our looks, she quickly added, "As an adult. Long story. Don't worry about it."

"Oh, I'm not worried," I told her. "You're with friends and in a safe environment. I figure we can pretty much let it all hang out. Although, you might want to connect with a shrink for help getting Sandra and Sandy back into the same mind. Molly and I aren't professionals."

"Yeah, you are," Sandra pointed out. "Just not mental health professionals. I'd have to find a shrink that thought the Marquis de Sade was a visionary. And has a serious Bettie Page fetish."

I laughed, but Molly took her seriously.

"Not so much the Marquis," she told her. "But more like Machiavelli. The ends justify the means. You don't want to get rid of Sandy... you want to incorporate her. She's a hell of a lot of fun in the right situation, Sandra. You just need her to grow a conscience."

Sandra went back to looking very thoughtful. There was probably a minute of silence before she said, "Can we get some drinks and go soak in the jacuzzi?"

"Absolutely," Molly smiled. "Except for Jerry's office, we have the run of the house until the guys get back, whenever that is..."

"Does that mean I can go back down to the studio?" Sandra asked, still thoughtful. "Without an escort?"

"Well, sure," Molly smiled. "But if you want an escort, I guess I qualify."

Sandra smiled and struggled to her feet. Then she turned to Molly and told her, very seriously, "I want to take a look at a couple of pieces of equipment."

* * * * *

Later on, I found out Jerry's side of what followed...

He'd finished reviewing the quarterly earnings and tax statements prepared for him by his accountants, signed off on the memorandum and put everything away. Then he'd leaned back with his hands behind his head and stretched his neck and shoulders. He was definitely more sore than usual.
