 We could not believe it! Alex and I had gone for a mid-summers picnic in the wood. We were about as far from anywhere as you could get. And yet, just as we were getting down to what we had really gone there for, along comes Gary. Both of us were already topless. Alex instinctively crossed her arms over her breasts but there was no denying what we were about. Recovering quickly from his initial surprise, Gary grinned and said "please, don't stop for me!"

We had known Gary for sometime, but never this intimately. Quite frankly both Alex and I fancied him, although we would not normally have done anything about it. Yet here he was, gazing appreciatively at Alex's' breasts whilst I was lost for words.

Alex recovered first, giving up any pretence, she opened her arms to display her charms, saying to Gary, "you can watch if you want, but you'll have to get naked first."

I guessed that she was bluffing, hoping that by turning the tables that Gary would just go. But he was having none of that!

"Fine by me" he replied, and proceeded to take of his jacket and tee-shirt. I saw Alex take a breath, her bluff had been called. She looked to me for what to do next. Now as I said before, secretly we both fancied Gary and this seemed like one of those moments where you can either take the plunge or spend the rest of your life wondering what might of happened if you had of done. I took the plunge for all three of us. I stood up and began to take off my trousers. Alex gave me a long look, gave a little shrug of the shoulders as if to say "OK" and followed suite.

Gary hesitated for a moment to see if we were just kidding him along. When he realised that were really were going for it, he quickly joined in. In no time at all we were all naked except for Gary, who kept his socks on!

Alex reminded Gary, "Remember, you're only watching," With that she pushed me to the floor and lost no time in mounting me. My cock had only just had time to recover from the shock of it all before it was engulfed in Alex's pussy.

She was obviously excited as I slipped into her with almost no resistance. Once settled Alex began a gentle rocking of her hips, fucking me oh so gently. Normally when in this position Alex closes her eyes but when I looked she was staring straight at Gary. I too look in his direction and saw that he had taken himself in hand was stroking his cock in time with Alex's movements. No doubt he was imagining himself in my position.

This went on for some minutes, Alex changing her pace, speeding up and slowing down, watching as Gary's hand matched her rhythms. The difference between the voyeur and the observed was becoming blurred.

As Alex became more and more excited her resolve of having Gary only as a watcher weakened until she finally took pity on him and invited him over.

He came and stood beside us and it took only a slight turn of Alex's head for his cock to be in exactly the right position to slip between her lips.

She teased him at first, taking just the wet tip of his cock into her mouth then allowing it to slide out as she licked his shaft before taking it deeper and deeper into her mouth.

All this was happening right over my head. I had a fantastic view of my lady giving Gary the blowjob of a lifetime. Despite her attention on the cock now thrusting into her mouth Alex was not ignoring me. Her hips were still working back and forth, taking me inside her before releasing me a little, only to engulf me again.

Gary was now holding her head, pushing his cock into her mouth as far as she would let it go. From the jerkiness of his movement I knew that he was not far from coming. Alex must have realised this too. As with a swift movement she literally spat him out and flung herself off of me.

"Ok Gary, now you can watch some more." She positioned herself on her hands and knees, offering her lovely buttocks with her secret valley exposed, open and ready. I took the hint and positioned myself behind her. Gary, once again left out tried to kneel in front of her, to get his cock once again into her mouth. But Alex was having none of it. "No, just watch." She told him. And so Gary returned, kneeling now just slightly behind me, watching me fuck her from behind.

Perhaps desperate to get into the action Gary moved to directly behind me, holding me, mimicking my movements. His hips trusting forward in time with my own.

In this position I wondered if he would try and penetrate me, At my level of arousal, I would not have resisted if he had. But no, he just clung to me as I pushed my rampant cock into Alex's juicy pussy.

I was thoroughly enjoying myself and was determined to make it last as long as I could. But the excitement was building to a crescendo almost beyond my control. I managed to step back from the brink and withdrew from Alex. She was not best pleased about this and demanded that the fucking should continue.

"Gary's turn," She commanded. He needed no second telling and almost pushed me aside in his eagerness. Alex looked around to check on what was happening and her moan of "Yes, do it to me" was all the encouragement that Gary needed.

I took up Gary's previous position and watched over his shoulder as his hard cock found, opened and entered Alex's willing pussy.

I was expecting that he would go for it, hard and fast. But no, he was as keen as I was to make this last.

Gary fucked Alex slowly, pushing right into her, holding for a moment before gently withdrawing only to enter her again.

I was impressed at his control, he never stopped, only very slowly increasing the tempo. Every time he withdrew his buttocks rubbed against my still hard cock. At first I thought that he either was not aware or was simply disregarding this. But as his tempo increased it became clear to me that every time he withdrew from Alex he was rubbing himself against me. If I thought that my cock was already hard, I was amazed to find it swelling and stiffening just a bit more. Eventually there was no denying either Gary's invitation nor my readiness to take him up on it.

The next time he came back, I pushed forward, just to see what would happen. Gary leaned forward, making no doubt of what was on offer and I took him up on it.

It was the work of but a minute for my pulsing cock to find the way into him. He held still, relaxing his muscles to allow me easy entry. Alex, no doubt wondering why Gary's cock had paused in servicing her, looked round and realised what was going on.

"Are you getting more than you expected?" Alex asked Gary. "Much more" he replied, "and it's fucking great."

With that I pushed hard into him, driving his cock up to the hilt into Alex. "Oh yes" she almost screamed, "fuck him, make him fuck me!"

I pulled back a little, leaving Gary deep within Alex, Gary pushed back, taking me into him again. Within a few thrusts we had worked out a rhythm. He pushed himself into Alex and I went deep into him, he withdrew taking me back with him and I withdrew a little more then we both pushed forwards, driving our cocks into their respective holes.

My god, how we fucked. Slowly at first as we sorted out the technique and then with a gathering pace. We crashed into each other. Our two cocks filling pussy and arse alike. The sounds of our bodies in ecstasy mingling with the sounds of the wood and the sweat of our excursions building on our bodies, glistening in the sunlight.

Faster and faster we fucked each other until there was no holding back. I reached around Gary and grabbed Alex's hips, pulling both myself into him and forcing him into her as far as he could go. I felt the orgasm roll across us. As I pumped my spunk into him I felt him judder, knowing that he in turn he was filling Alex with his own outpouring. And from Alex's cry of delight which rose to a crescendo of ecstasy I knew that she was having one final, all consuming orgasm.

We held each other close like this for a time until Alex fell forward, disengaging herself from Gary's Cock. I sat back, withdrawing from him in turn. Gary fell forward to lay along side Alex and I lay myself down on her other side. We were stunned, silent save only for our laboured breathing and the beating of our hearts.

Eventually Alex asked "Well, have you seen enough?" "Enough for the moment." Gary replied. We laughed and hugged each other.

As the sun dipped towards the horizon three people emerged from the woods, clothes and hair a little dishevelled. But the smile on their faces hinted at wonders to be found in the woods on a mid-summers afternoon.