 Chapter 12

Wherein problems in Paradise lead to a surprise sister visit and more

Author's note: this is part 12 of a 12-part story arc which I've put under Group Sex (see Chapter 1). Like all my stories, it begins with character development and in this case, over several chapters. The chapters can have the elements of a number of different categories and I will try to give advance warning. This one is primarily Group, Bi/Lesbian, some Paranormal and nonsexual story. And a gentle reminder: this is all Fiction -- Willing Suspension of Disbelief recommended...

* ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ *

We had a great "wrap party" and although the construction guys wouldn't drink alcohol because they were on the job, as soon as they realized Jerry was still paying for their time, they shared some pop and munchies with us while we sat around and shot the shit, then they went and struck the set while the rest of us ordered in dinner. Jerry insisted Molly take a break. Most everybody was going back to their lives that night, so we stretched it out as long as we reasonably could.

Ginger even got Tony's phone number and Sandy was livid-jealous until she heard Tony tell Ginger she could share it as she saw fit.

Come Monday morning, there were Jerry and Molly, of course, and Dave since he was still on leave, and Sandy and I because we were still on vacation. Jackson was gone during the days but would come back in the evenings, fairly beat up from the two-a-day practices. I think he'd made at least one of the practice squads and had a shot at a permanent place on the team.

Oddly enough, with the population suddenly deflated, we all went to sleeping separately. Sandy and I still had a huge sightseeing list and Dave offered to tag along with us if we wanted. As if we'd let him stay home! In the end, we decided to blow all day Monday at Universal Studios Hollywood and it was mind numbing... and body fatiguing... but incredibly worth it. Monday night was spent recovering from Monday day, pampered by Molly at Jerry's virtual paradise and seduced -- again -- looking down on the lights of L.A. I was starting to feel a little depressed that I was leaving Wednesday.

Tuesday, our plans for the Natural History Museum of Los Angeles County and the California Science Center got blown out of the water... with very surprising fallout.

"Beth, we've got a problem and I wouldn't be bugging you if I had a solution," Dr. Pam was telling me early Tuesday morning. She'd called my cell while I was in the shower and I'd called her back.

"So what's going on?" I asked, mentally scratching anything I intended to do that day.

"Apparently part of the fix they put in to get us up and running changed the interface for ordering medications and although it isn't widespread, it does affect Oncology, Nephrology and Pediatrics. What it's doing doesn't match the manual. What I need you to do is take a look at what we've got and come up with a short course for competent individuals that we can teach how to use the revised system. Then they can teach the others."

"Is there any chance you can come in this morning and look at it? I would really, really hate to have to go to a manual ordering system while it gets straightened out."

I took a deep breath, then let it out. "Yeah, I'll be there in an hour. I don't see any reason to drag Sandy into it. You'll owe me one, though."

"Oh, I'll pay whatever the service charges there are, no problem," she hurried to assure me.

"You're not hearing me, Pam," I smiled. "You will owe me one. Think about it. Anyway, I better get going. Have the coffee hot!"

"Yes, ma'am!" I could hear the smile. "Roger on the coffee and all that. See you. And thanks!"

"You're welcome... and bye." I hung up, reassessed my wardrobe and went to find Sandy.

I found her just walking into the breakfast nook and sat her down over coffee to explain what happened. Molly was already there and Jerry walked into the middle of the explanation, so they got briefed as well. Jerry told me to take the Ferrari and Molly asked if I needed a lunch packed or a thermos of coffee and I opted for the latter.

Leaving Sandy and Dave to fend for themselves, I threw my laptop in the car and forty-five minutes later I was pulling into the parking lot at PAMC. Pam was waiting for me when I cleared Security.

She knew what the problem was and where the discrepancies were, and it took her about half an hour to demonstrate them to me while I took copious notes. I thanked her, poured another cup of coffee and got on the phone with my Tech Support back at the ranch. In general, they had learned not to screw with me in the past and I was able to get to one of the developers fairly quickly. One who had access to the code.

It took me about two hours to document the alternate procedures and about another hour to put together a presentation covering the differences. I let Pam know I was ready and we grabbed lunch in the cafeteria while the word went out to particular people that their afternoon schedule had just been rearranged.

"You know, Beth," Pam was telling me, "you really ought to be training the trainers, not out at client sites. Doesn't your company have a Guru position? And I'd think it would come with a healthy raise."

"We do," I told her. "But it's based out of the Santa Clara office and I'm near Chicago. I'd really rather not relocate."

"So you travel 75% of the time instead?" she asked and it became apparent that she was gently pointing out I was never home anyway. "Maybe the position of Guru would come with less travel?"

I was thinking about that when I nearly had a severe laundry problem. Mr. Pedersen was coming across the cafeteria, headed straight for us. What the fuck is my Executive VP doing here? I started to panic.

"Uh... boss alert," I told Pam. "Like, um... major boss alert!"

"I know," she smiled. "I invited him."

I sat on anything I was going to say as Pedersen joined us, wondering what the fuck was going on? I sure wasn't screwing anything up, so I had no idea why Dr. Pam would call in the big guns.

"Hi, Pam!" he greeted us as he pulled up a chair. "Ms. Stoner..."

"It's Beth, sir," I responded, starting to stand up when he waved me back down again.

"Then it's Jim," he smiled. Okay, so maybe I wasn't it trouble. "I understand you're saving our client's bacon again."

"I, uh..." I started, but Pam cut me off.

"What I said was, she's saving our asses," she told Pedersen. "I know it's unfair to Beth to have you pop in like this, but I thought a threesome... I mean, a three-way conversation... would cut through a lot of the crap."

"Beth, it's like this," she said, turning to me. "I wasn't just blowing smoke about the Guru position. Jim and I have had a couple of long discussions about how invaluable you've been and how he could best use you and your talents. I'm very happy with the relationship we've built and in this case, I wanted him to see how responsive you are to our needs."

She was laying on the double entendres and I was doing my best to impassively not react.

"But what it really comes down to is, I shouldn't have to depend on you to keep my organization running. I need a pool of people with your talents, or close, who can be nearby and not have to hop a plane in a jam. So I told Jim he should have you training the trainers... teaching others not only what you know but how you go about problem solving so that they could do what you're currently doing. He told me the same thing you did... that there is a position, it is a promotion, and it's out of the Santa Clara office. And yes, they normally require the hire to relocate."

"I told him he was being stupid. You're already on the road 3 out of 4 weeks. He could cut that down to 2 weeks, eat the airfare, and get a major boost to his team's abilities. Then I made him an offer it would be difficult to refuse. I told him I'd make conference room facilities available to him gratis, one week a month, if he held your sessions here, where I could have a select few of my people attend as well. And I'd even pay the usual course fees for those of my people that attended."

I suddenly realized exactly what she was doing! She was setting up a dream-come-true for me...

"And if I may interrupt," Pedersen interjected, "I've already hashed this out with Mr. Waylon and the senior staff, and we think it is very feasible. There are details we'd have to work out, but there is a lot of merit in what Pam is suggesting, and if you are at all interested, Beth, we'd like to pursue it. Specifically, promoting you to Systems Architect -- Training, and having you take over and improve our current in-house curriculum. And probably our client curriculum as well, as you're already doing. There would be a raise and of course, we'd waive the relocation."

"If you're not interested, I'm not going to pressure you," he went on. "Mostly what I need is an indication of whether or not you're interested. I want you to really think about it... there will be some major adjustments. And I don't want your current relationship with Mr. Sterling to unduly influence your decision."

That caught me off guard and I must have looked at him strangely.

"Yes," he smiled, "I've talked to Jerry and he has nothing but glowing things to say about you. Apparently you and Ms. Milton have made a solid impression on him and several of his associates. That speaks well of you. Apparently, if you were husband-hunting -- which he says you're not -- you would have hit the jackpot. I will let you know that since I was close friends with Jerry's father, extracurricular activities wouldn't surprise me, although a certain amount of discretion is required."

He smiled and I was floored. I had no idea he had any inkling of what went on with Jerry. And he was being incredibly circumspect about it. I was still digesting this when my cell beeped.

"Excuse me," I temporized as I fished my phone out of my purse. I look at the Caller ID and it was Jerry.

"Hi!" I answered the phone, holding up a wait-a-moment finger to Pam and Jim.

"Hey, sorry to disturb you," he told me. "Are you busy?"

"I'm having lunch with Dr. Pam and Mr. Pedersen," I explained to Jerry's query. I realized my side of the conversation was going to sound weird to my lunch mates. "Discussing a couple of probable career moves before going and teaching a class this afternoon. You wouldn't happen to know anything about said moves, would you?" I added suspiciously.

"Me?" I could almost hear the smile. "Why would I know anything about your career moves?" He sounded so innocent...

"Yeah, right," I told him. "Okay, so what's up?"

"I need a favor," he told me.

"Anything, " I replied and meant it. "What do you need?"

"I need you to pick up Cassie at the airport this evening and bring her up here."

"Really?" I was surprised. "Your sister?"

"Yes, my sister. She's coming back in for awhile and I just got her text that she's coming into LAX. I thought I could prevail on you to pick her up. I know it's short notice, and I'll send a limo if I have to... but you've got the Ferrari..." and I know I heard the smile on that one.

"I can do that," I decided. "When?"

"I'll text you the flight info," he told me. "And thanks! You're an angel."

"I think you've got your directions upside down," I told him. "I've got to go. Text her a picture of me and send me one of her. I'll ping you when I'm on my way."

"You've got it!" he answered. "Bye."

"Bye," I told him and put my phone on vibrate before putting it away.

"Problems?" Pam asked when I was done.

"No," I told her as I reached to finish my coffee. "Jerry needs me to pick up his sister at LAX after work."

"That would be Cassie, the genius?" Pam asked with a slight smile.

"That would be Cassie, the genius," I confirmed. "I've never met her. And not to be crude, Pam... and, um, Jim... but I have a class to teach and we're running pretty tight on time. And Mr. Pedersen? I am leaning very heavily in favor of your suggestion, so yes, I have interest. I'm going to take some time to think about it, though. I may have a lot more questions for you."

"Fair enough," he told me, standing and holding out his hand. "Good luck with class."

"Thanks," I told him as I shook his hand. "I'll need it." Pam rose as he walked away and leaned in to whisper in my ear.

"I'd love to give you a huge, lascivious hug and kiss right now," she told me softly. "But the audience is too large." Then she straightened up and said aloud, "mind if I sit in on your class?"

"Not at all," I told her, "but seriously, I need the Ladies' and then I've got to get to the classroom."

"See you there," she smiled, and we walked off in separate directions.

* * * * *

Class went well, including some hands-on at the end and some Q&A. I think I'd just taught the teachers, in Pam's vernacular. These bright folk were going to spread the word to their units so I didn't have to. Pam caught me after class.

"Unfortunately, I can't wheedle an invite out to Jerry's tonight," she told me. "Prior commitment. But say hi to everybody for me. I know you're leaving tomorrow, but hopefully you'll be back. Think seriously about what Jim is offering. I think it could work out very well for you."

"I will," I promised. "You take care and say hi to Auggie and Vicki and everybody, too." Then she surprised me. She stepped in and took me in a hug. We weren't in the middle of the cafeteria but we were still in a semi-public hallway. I figured what the hell? and melted into her hug.

Then she kissed me. A real kiss. A much longer than a peck on the cheek, liplock kiss.

I kissed her back. I didn't care who was watching. She was marvelous.

When we broke the kiss, she looked me dead in the eyes and said, "you take care of yourself, Beth. I love you."

Wow. Three words and a whole lot of emotion came crashing down on me as I realized just how close I'd gotten to all the people I'd met on this trip, all the friendships I'd made.

"I love you, too, Pam." It was the truth.

She nodded and broke the hug, then told me "go on! Scoot! Go get Cassie the genius. I'll see you around." I nodded and smiled.

"Deal," I told her, then turned and headed for the car.

I checked my phone when I got there and saw Cassie was coming in on American flight 147 from Boston Logan, arriving about 8pm. That gave me plenty of time to get there and get parked, and meet her at baggage. Then I pulled up the first of two pictures Jerry had sent, a head and shoulders portrait.

Holy. Shit.

I was going to be in so much trouble, and so was Sandy. Cassie was gorgeous! A redhead like her brother, the same fair skin and green eyes... even if it was a passport photo or something, she looked hot! So I opened the second one.

Holy even-more-Shit!

A nude. An incredibly tasteful, art nude that showed her long red hair to her ass and her perfectly rounded but trim woman's body. Jesus Christ, I was going to be wet by the time we met just from thinking about her! I texted Jerry.

OK a$$hole, U burned my retinas! Will never be same. Am permanently leaking. Prick.

A few moments later I got his response.

LOL! You will love her!

So I sent back, Yeah that's what I'm afraid of. Prick.

He just sent back a heart-smiley thingie, so I texted, on my way to airport. C U.

I headed for LAX, wondering what kind of disaster this was going to be.

* * * * *

Apparently, Jerry had given Cassie my cell number. I was waiting by her flight's baggage carousel when I got a text.

On the ground, will meet you at baggage, okay?

I sent back already there. Looking forward to meeting you. Then I stored her cell number under Cassie Sterling so I'd know it was her. A few moments later, my cell rang. It was Cassie.

"Hello?" I answered.

"Hi! This is Cassie Sterling, Jerry's sister. You must be Beth."

"Yep! How was your flight?"

"Boring," she told me honestly. "Food was okay, not like Molly's. Mostly slept or listened to music. I like your voice."

"How can you tell, over a phone?" I asked, curious.

"I don't know... I just do," she told me. "You don't have to meet me at baggage if you don't want to."

"Come again?" I asked, not sure what she meant.

"Not yet," she chuckled. "What I mean is, I only have my roll-aboard, so if you want to meet somewhere else, we can. I don't have any bags to pick up."

"Oh..." I hadn't missed her tease. "How about Starbucks? It's the only thing my side of the TSA checkpoint. Not that I particularly like their coffee."

"Not nearly as good as Molly's right?" I heard Cassie chuckle. "Okay, Starbucks. A Venti Caffè Mocha with whole milk and whipped cream. I'll pay you when I get there."

"The hell you will," I told her. "Just meet me. I'm fairly certain I won't have trouble recognizing you."

Cassie laughed. "You've got a deal. See you in a few."

I wandered over to Starbucks, waited in line, ordered two Venti Caffè Mochas with whole milk and whipped cream (I had no idea what I was ordering, just repeating Cassie), waited for them to be made by a fairly surly crew and sat down to wait for her. It wasn't long after I sat down that I saw the brilliant mane picking its way through the crowd.

Now I knew I was going to have to sit on any reactions I might have. This was Jerry's sister and I valued his friendship, and he hadn't set any guidelines so I was going to be conservative.

The young woman who eased through the crowd dragging her roll-aboard was amazingly beautiful. Period. She had to be maybe 5'6" of perfectly curvy -- C cup, I was guessing -- and showing it off rather well in a light sundress similar to the one I'd appropriated from Jerry's. I found out later I was pretty right on with my guess. She was a 36C-23-34 with bright red hair in a ponytail past her ass, a floppy brimmed hat, dark glasses, sandals and looking for all the world like a Hollywood starlet.

I was in lust.

She picked me out at the table and walked right up to me with a huge smile on her face. I rose to meet her and she let go of the roll-aboard and walked right into a hug and a kiss.

No shit.

I didn't see it coming but I sure figured it out in a hurry when she approached me with open arms for the hug, which I fell into naturally, and then the slightly upturned face, the cocked head and pursed lips and her drawing me into her. I felt electricity shoot through me, so help me God. This woman was electric and hitting all my buttons, and...

Well, so much for conservative. I was seriously wet by the time she let up.

"Any friend of Jerry's..." she started, which I interrupted by putting the Caffè Mocha in front of her eyes.

"You are a Scholar and a Gentlewoman," she smiled as she took the cup, then sat down, not waiting for me.

"I'm not in a hurry," she told me as I also sat. "I'm glad Jerry sent you to get me. I'm kind of turning things upside down for him at the moment and I appreciate the chance to get to know you, Beth. If I tell you 'Jerry's told me all about you,' you're going to freak, so don't, please. I've heard about you and Sandy and Pam being added to the usual suspects list and personally, I'm damned glad. Jerry gets too tied up in the business shit sometimes and getting blown away can be good for him."

"Blown away?" Of all the things running around in my head at that moment, for some reason that is what came out.

"Yes," she smiled and again I was dazzled. "I haven't heard Jerry this effusive about anyone he's met since... well, I think since he hired Molly. Actually, I think Molly and Ginger and Vicki... don't know if you've met her... anyway, they're pretty much the only women he has any kind of regular relationship with and I get worried sometimes that he's just burning out on work and not letting himself actually live life, and so when you and Sandy and Pam showed up on the scene, it just seemed like a really good thing..."
