 About two years ago my wife and I, after four years of marriage, began to discuss fantasies we had never dared speak of before. We had spiced up the first few years by experimenting in bed with various positions and some role-play. Finally, when she asked me about another fantasy I had, I told her about wanting to be with her and another woman.

As I feared, she was not happy. We didn't have sex that night nor did we the rest of the week. Then, one night, in front of the television, she said "Yes."

"Yes, what?" I responded, genuinely confused.

"Let's do it with another woman."

That night we fantasized about the possibilities. She got pretty wild. Before we drifted off to sleep she said that she wanted me to be unfaithful to her many times, with and without her.

The next morning she came to her senses. She felt bad about what we had said. She admitted she would not be able to handle the jealousy. I told her it was okay, even though I felt cheated out of a great new life.

But the topic did not go away. Two weeks later we were still fantasizing about another woman. She confessed that she might be bisexual.

"I keep thinking about one of my students from last semester." She said one night. Gwen, my wife, teaches English at a community college. "She's was a hispanic girl," she continued, "about 5'5" with black hair, black eyes and dark skin. She's got beautiful breasts, thick lips. She worked as an exotic dancer. I'm pretty sure she'd go for this."

I, of course, was thrilled. But we both worried that, even if we did pull this off, that it would ruin our marriage. It was Gwen who came up with the solution.

The following Friday night we went to a strip club. I had never been to a club before and neither had Gwen. We were pretty nervous. Inside, it was dark, and the music was loud. We found a table and Gwen calmed down a little when she noticed that there were a few other women there. We watched the girls on stage and the girls making rounds for lap-dances. As soon as possible, Gwen hailed a dancer for a lap-dance. This was to be the test. If she could stand watching another woman give me a lap dance, then we would go through with it. If not, we were through imagining these things.

The dancer she brought me said her name was Emerald. She was a little older than the others, a little thicker in the thighs, but still very hot, at least in the dim-lighting, with large, obviously augmented, breasts, dark, brown hair and pretty eyes. She wore a blue, g-string bikini. As soon as I paid her the ten-dollars, she started her moves.

The bikini top came off immediately and Emerald put her breasts in my face. I looked over at Gwen. She was watching Emerald with an unreadable expression. Emerald stroked my face, my chest. She turned away and fell backwards, resting her head on my shoulder and giving me the view of her mountainous breasts. Her lips brushed my cheek. I could smell her shampoo. I looked over at Gwen. She had a small smile on her face. "Okay?" I mouthed.

She nodded.

Just then Emerald brought her ass down on my lap and started to grind. I thought I would come instantly but managed to hold back. She ground against me, slapped her ass up and down on my stiff cock. My favorite part was when she laid her head back on my shoulder. I could barely resist kissing her.

When the song was over Emerald startled us by asking, "And the lady?"

I gave her another ten and said "Go for it."

And so I watched. Gwen is pretty, in her late twenties, with shoulder length blonde hair and blue eyes.. Her breasts, then, were small and her lips thin, but she has always had long legs, and a beautiful face. Watching Emerald grind against her, watching them look into each other's eyes, almost made me come again. I could tell Gwen was in heaven.

We had a couple more dances each, more than we could afford, and went home and had some crazy sex.

The next night, Saturday, Gwen went alone to the club she knew Melissa danced at. I waited until after midnight, hoping Gwen would return with this girl. When she came back she was alone, but glowing like never before.

"I paid her for two lap-dances." She blurted, trembling with excitement. "She was shocked at first but I could tell she was happy. While she danced, we talked. She told me how she had always liked me. She said she knew I was bi after her first day in class. She could tell from the way I looked at women."

"What happened?" I asked, my dick going from hard to soft and back again.

"We made a date."

It happened the following Sunday afternoon, when Melissa wasn't working. We met at a restaurant and talked about the possibilities. Melissa was every bit as beautiful as my wife had said. She was just twenty years old. She had her jet-black hair in a pony-tail and wore an open neck blouse that showed off the gorgeous brown expanse between her throat and cleavage. And she was very open. After seeing me she announced that she was definitely interested in fucking us. We ate and discussed our pasts. Ours was tame and hers was tamer than I imagined. She had done this before with a boyfriend and another dancer on two occasions. She had a new boyfriend but she didn't want to involve him. She told us that she was most interested because she had never had sex with a man who didn't use a condom. She was very afraid of AIDS. But she felt she could trust me. I had already told her that I had not been unfaithful to Gwen through our marriage and had only had had three women before her, always wearing a condom. Gwen was the only woman whose insides I had felt with my own, unprotected skin.

"If Gwen doesn't mind," Melissa said, touching her throat, "I'm going to change all that." She wanted to feel the same thing, someone else's flesh inside of her, unprotected by plastic. Gwen was thrilled.

We went home in separate cars, Melissa following. When we got inside I made margaritas in the kitchen. When I came out the two of them were kissing passionately on the couch, Melissa's blouse completely off. Her breasts were brown and magnificent, with large, dark nipples that stood an inch and a half when erect. Gwen began to suck on these as I set the drinks down. Melissa smiled at me as she arched back and let Gwen lick and suck her front side. I brought the margarita to her lips and let her drink. After the initial gulp she let the amber liquid flow out of her mouth and down her neck and chest and onto the couch. I took the hint and began to lick her clean with my wife.

Soon Melissa was completely naked and wet all over. Then she stood up and pushed us gently down onto the couch. She drank half of another margarita and turned on the radio to a rock and roll station. She started to dance naked. Her body was incredible. As she focused the dance on me, I realized how bewitching those latin eyes were, with the slightest slant to them, utterly black. But I didn't get a lap dance. She eventually went down on her knees and very slowly unzipped my pants. With my wife watching, she gave me head. I came pretty quickly and this almost ruined the night because she was not impressed and she was pissed off that I hadn't warned her. She almost puked on the carpet. Fortunately, Gwen and a little more booze managed to smooth things out before long and we were all three in one, slow embrace on the couch, all of us naked by then. Melissa began to finger fuck Gwen. I started to slide into Melissa, as excited as I had ever been, when she stopped me.

"Gwen?" She said, stopping her hand inside of my wife. "Gwen. You're husband is about to fuck me. He's going to fuck another woman. Are you ready for that?"

Gwen squirmed on Melissa's fingers. "Yes." She moaned.

"He's going to be unfaithful to you, Gwen." Melissa's face was only inches from Gwen's. My face was in

Melissa's hair as I took in the scent of this incredible woman.

"I want him to be unfaithful." Gwen whispered.

"Only with me?"

"With anyone. All the time. Please fuck him."

Melissa's hand moved out of the way and I slid inside of her, nothing between our skins except for her moistness. Gwen came quickly after Melissa guided my wife's hand to feel where I was penetrating her. Melissa came when my wife went down on her and licked and sucked her pussy while I fucked it. I came, grunting like an animal when Melissa was already limp in my arms. I shot my load all the way inside her.

We did it again before settling down with our drinks. I fell asleep as the two of them kissed and cuddled each other beside me.

This wasn't a one shot deal. Melissa suggested involving her boyfriend and I admitted it was only fair that Gwen get to be with another man. The truth was that I found the idea very arousing. Ever since she had said she wanted me to be unfaithful to her all the time I had fantasized about her doing the same, becoming a slut. I had thought about offering her to a friend, but wasn't ready to let others know about our new life yet.

But Melissa's new boyfriend wasn't interested (believe it or not), and we stayed a threesome for a month.

As the school year came to an end and Gwen started to look for summer work, Melissa suggested a novel idea.

"Become a dancer."

Both Gwen and I were extremely turned on. But Gwen didn't think she could.

"I don't know how to dance like that. And my breasts are too small. I don't have the body for it."

Melissa showed us some pictures of herself at eighteen. We couldn't believe it. She was nearly flat-chested with a pot belly and a large, unappealing ass. She explained how she started dancing and saved up the tips she got . Her body improved with the constant exercise and a few months later she paid for breast surgery. By the time she was nineteen she had become the goddess Gwen met in her class.

"You look ten times better than I did when I started." She told Gwen. They started practicing dance moves with me. I, of course, was in heaven. Gwen and Melissa went out and bought dance outfits. Gwen was ashamed at first because they didn't exactly fit her well. After a few weeks of practice she went and tried out at the club where Melissa worked. I waited at home, imagining her fucking the boss for a chance to dance, even though I knew it wouldn't be like that.

She was accepted. I can't tell you how excited I got, sitting at home those first two weeks and imagining her grinding her pussy against strange men, giving private dances. Then I went to see her.

That was an incredible night. No one knew I was her husband. I was just another guy looking at naked women. I first saw her when she came strutting out on stage, moving to the music, swinging her hips and hair, mouth open, lips as red as blood, ivory teeth smiling out at all of us. She swung around the pole, climbed up it, slid down, crawled along the stage. Men put dollar bills in her g-string. She popped off her bikini top and, even though she has never been well-endowed, it was a moving moment for everyone there. I had never seen her so full of zest and lust. When she walked off I realized that I had forgotten that she was my wife.

When she came out for her dances, she ignored me. I watched her lap dance for other men, most of them pretty homely, although I could tell that a couple of them really turned her on. Finally, as she sat on the lap of a good-looking college boy, she wrapped her arm around him, touched his face and looked straight across the room at me. When she was done he whispered something in her ear and they went into a private room. I couldn't stop thinking about what she was doing in there, even when Melissa came out on stage to do her routine, which was really something.

When Gwen finally came out she came over to me.

"Care for a lap-dance?" She whispered huskily.

As she danced she told me what had happened, how she had moved, how she had touched him during their private dance.

That night she came home late, of course. She smelled strange and took a shower immediately. Then we fucked while she told me about her adventures, about her lap dances. Some guys had come through their pants and she'd had to wipe the come off her legs and ass afterwards.

Gwen danced all summer. Gradually, we fell out of touch with Melissa, but Gwen met plenty of other interesting girls in her work. Our summer was anything but boring.

As the new school year approached, she made a momentous decision. She wasn't going back to teach. She was going to have breast surgery and keep dancing. The truth was that she was making almost as much as I did and I had six years of college and a lot of student loans to pay off still.

In August she had her breasts enlarged to 36D. She also had her lips treated with collagen and she bleached her hair, which had always been a dirty blond. Once she recovered from the swelling, it was like she was a different woman.

The event that changed everything was the dinner we had with a friend of mine from college. David wasn't any better looking than me but I knew that he was well endowed, with an 8" dick. His girlfriends, a series of classy-looking sluts, had always mentioned it at parties. He was a good friend whom I had been seeing less and less of since graduation years before. Now, intending to fulfill Gwen's wish, I thought of a great way to surprise her.

We had dinner at our home with David. When he asked Gwen what she did she was unashamed.

"I'm an exotic dancer."

David paused briefly but then carried on and asked her about her job. We chatted and eventually spoke of our adventures with other women. While we put the dishes away Gwen mentioned that there was something we had never done.

"We've never had a male-female-male threesome."

I expected David to drop a plate but he just smiled as he left his dishes in the sink.

"So when do we start?"

A short while later we were undressing Gwen in our bedroom. Once her shirt was off David reached around from behind and grabbed a breast in each hand. She turned her head back and they started kissing. I pulled down her pants and started licking her inside and out. We fell slowly onto the bed. David slid his pants off and Gwen gasped. It was true. David was huge. I sat back for a moment and watched her handle him. She looked so different, acted so different, it was easy to forget that she was my wife. When she started giving him head I slid inside her and blew my load almost instantly. It was too much, watching her blow another man. When David came she swallowed his entire load and, I admit, that made me a little jealous. But I ignored the feeling, as she had probably felt the same about me various times.

We didn't talk after that first go. We just lay on the bed, Gwen in between, alternately kissing and fondling each of us until we were ready again. Then Gwen surprised both of us, guiding David into her without warning. I stepped away to watch. She had to stop when there was still two inches of him left. He started to thrust but she stopped him.

"No, I want to get it all inside first."

She lay there and adjusted, first groaning in pain and then moaning, then groaning again. Little by little she shoved the whole thing in and smiled.

"Okay. Fuck me."

I watched as David turned her over and fucked her like a dog. She screamed the whole time and later admitted that she didn't know if it was pain or pleasure until she came. By then she was sucking down my load and a few seconds later David came inside her, groaning with pleasure.

A half an hour later we started into what Gwen had been waiting for all night. She sat atop of me, smiling down at me, her mascara and lipstick smeared, while David came up behind her and slid inside her pussy, right alongside me. She had been dreaming of double penetration and David's cock had stretched her out so much that she was finally ready for it. I simply stayed still inside her as David's immense shaft thrusted in and out, rubbing up against mine. The friction brought me right to the edge of coming when I realized that it was him, my friend, making me come while he ran his hands all over her body. The two of them looked down at me smiling as I came. Gwen followed with a shudder and finally I felt David's hot semen pouring down around my shrinking cock as he grunted with pleasure.

We went to sleep after that. But it wasn't over. Sometime in the middle of the night I woke and felt Gwen and David screwing right next to me. David lay on his back at my side while Gwen lay on top of him. When she saw I was awake she sat up and spun around so that she faced away from David, then carefully lay back. This way I could eat her out while he fucked her. I put my face down there and licked distractedly at her gaping, sloppy cooze while she kept telling him to fill her up with his come. Every once in a while I came in contact with his dick. Then, suddenly, without thinking about it, I began to lick him as he went in and out. I could hear him gasp with pleasure. After a few seconds I pulled him completely out of her and blew him till he came. Just like my wife I took his load.

When it was all over we all looked at each other a little strangely. I thought my wife was angry, after all, she hadn't come and she hadn't felt him come either.

"Sorry." I said lamely to David, wondering if he was going to start a fight with me.

"No." He replied, still getting over his orgasm. "That was great."

"Yeah." Gwen agreed, smiling now. "I loved it."

I climbed atop her and started fucking her violently, I don't know why. The whole time she was saying, "David, fuck his ass!"

Soon I felt David applying cold KY to my anus. He started moving his fingers in and out. I had never felt so good. Soon he had two, then three fingers in me. When he finally pulled them out I thought I was shitting all over the bed but it was just an illusion I guess. My orgasm wasn't an illusion, neither was Gwen's. I turned around and started sucking on David again, while Gwen finger fucked me. Then it happened. When David was completely hard again, he turned me around and fucked me just like he had my wife earlier that night. She lay in front of me and I tried to lick her out but there was too much pain and pleasure. I felt like I was traveling through space, he was ramming it into me so hard. When he came it was like fire in my ass. I fell asleep as Gwen put toilet paper up my ass to staunch the bleeding.

In the morning I awoke alone and felt very strange. I had done things the night before that I had never dreamed of doing. I didn't know who I was anymore, just like I didn't know who Gwen was.

I heard the shower running. I limped into the bathroom and saw David and Gwen through the glass, in an embrace under the shower. I sat on the john and stroked myself, watching them. I realized I wanted to see Gwen degrade herself. I wanted her to become a whore. I watched as David bent her over and fucked her in the steaming stall. She kept grunting, "Yes, yes, yes."

When they stepped out I licked her swollen, gaping cunt. It didn't even close it was so used. When I was done I bent her over the sink and she watched me fuck her in the mirror. Before long David was behind me, lubing me up. Soon we were a fuck train. I stopped trying and just let David fuck me into her. It hurt like hell but I wanted him to do it. I didn't ever want him to stop. While he drilled me and Gwen I imagined worshipping his dick, I wanted it so bad.

Our life really changed, obviously. David moved in. Everyday after work I came home and found him sitting on the couch. I would pull down his shorts and blow him. He never reciprocated and I didn't want him too. After a month, we started kissing, like lovers. We would lie in bed with Gwen and all of us would kiss, without worrying who we were kissing.

Gwen kept dancing, and she started bringing dates home. David and I shared her with dozens of guys. Finally, nothing satisfied her but gang bangs.
