 Working in Canberra, Australia, has some good points, and some bad points- like any city I guess. The good points is that it's not a big city so I can get out onto the open road on my Ducati quickly and enjoy the ride. The down side is that as the capital city of Australia, all the politicians come here. But, them being here is why I'm here -- to be able to influence political policies so my company isn't disadvantaged.

I work in a multi-national energy company. Australia has lots and lots of sunlight, but there is a real reluctance by the government to make use of that sun to reduce our need for coal. My company was making a pitch to the various Ministers and their minders on a big, big project we are proposing. To help with the pitch, one of my colleagues from the USA was coming over. I've never met Annette other than by phone and video-conference. She seems like a fun person, but when you are up at 3am for a meeting, you may not be taking everything in.

So, Annette was coming over for the meeting. As I usually do, I went out to Canberra airport to pick her up and take her to her hotel. After a flight from Milwaukee, via LA to Sydney, then change terminals to catch a flight to Canberra, I'm sure she would be very tired and the last thing you need then is to have to catch a taxi.

I got to the terminal just as Annette's plane arrived. People poured out from the plane, all wanting to get away from the plane as fast as possible. I saw her in the crowd before she saw me, so I worked my over to her. She was chatting away to someone, which I assumed was someone she met on the plane.

Annette spotted me and started heading over, with the person she was talking to. We did the meet and greet thing and Annette introduces me to her daughter, Amy. They are both very attractive women, and there is a strong resemblance between the pair. Annette laughed when I looked a bit surprised, and explained that Amy came over as she'd never been to Australia, had some time off from her studies, so why not come over for two weeks??

We found the luggage, got into my car and headed off to Annette's hotel. We chatted all the way -- I was pointing out the various sights on the way; Lake Burley Griffin (Walter Burley Griffin designed Canberra, but was born in Illinois, USA), the parliamentary buildings, various buildings and so on.

We got to the hotel, got Annette and Amy checked in and we went up to their room. By this stage it was about 8.30pm. Despite flying Business Class, the pair of them were looking dead on their feet. It sounds easy to fly -- all you are doing is sitting down.....

Amy said she wanted to get comfortable and was going to get into her new pajamas. You see, flying Business Class with Qantas, you get a pair of grey pajamas, with a black kangaroo on the front. Annette said she wanted to get out of the clothes she'd been in for over 24 hours and would change as well. As I had only just met them, they were hardly likely to get changed in front of me, so I said I'd leave them to it and see Annette the next day.

Annette asked me to stay -- they just wanted to get changed into something comfortable, but not to go to sleep just yet. With that, they went into the other room with their bags.

A few minutes later, they came back into the room. I'd started making a cup of tea for everyone. I nearly spilled the boiling water on me when I saw them. My goodness. Annette is slim with small boobs; and obviously not wearing a bra. She was in the pajamas after all, so no bra. Amy, slightly taller with larger breasts which were shifting nicely as she walked into the room. Both women's nipples were making their presence known though the material of their new pajamas.

We sat down -- me on the single chair and Annette and Amy sat on the end of the king size bed. While they were both very tired, they were excited to be in Australia and were full of questions -- is there really kangaroos hopping down the main street, are koalas dangerous, will I find a red-back spider under the toilet seat? All sorts of questions that made me laugh -- a lot.

The good thing is that they were both laughing a lot too; and their breasts were shifting and bouncing with their laughing. 

As we chatted, it turned out that Annette liked riding on the back of motorbikes. A number of mates of mine have motorbikes and we go riding off to the coast pretty often. I told her that I'd organise a run down to the beach (about two hours away) on the coming weekend. Amy said she'd bow out of the ride as she wanted to look around Canberra, go to the National Gallery and sightsee.

After an hour or so, both Annette and Amy were really struggling to stay awake. As we talked a little longer, Amy curled up and went to sleep. Her pajama bottoms slipped down a little, revealing the small of her back and the top of her arse. Talk about difficult to drag my eyes away! I got up to leave when Annette tells me that she was staying in this room and Amy was in the other room. As she wanted a solid night's sleep, would I help get Amy to her bed?

Annette opened the door as I put my hands under Amy's arms to lift her up. She very groggily grunted as I started lifting her onto her feet. It was like she was a zombie. I supported her as we walked to her room. We went sideways though the door and I took her to her bed. Annette had turned the sheets down, so I started to lower her onto her bed. As I did so, my hand dragged across her breast -- those breasts I'd been looking at all night. I felt her hard nipple as my fingers grazed it -- simply superb. Now she was on the bed, we put the sheet over her, turned off the light and left her.

Annette thanked me for picking them both up from the airport and keeping them company. As we had a meeting early the next morning, she was keen to get to sleep. I said goodnight and turned to go. Annette caught my hand, turned me around and gave me a kiss on the cheek and a hug, thanking me again. I think I should thank her -- I could feel her breasts press against me and I am sure that she was pressing her hips on to mine. Mentally I shook my head -- she didn't do that, it's just my imagination.

The next day we had meetings all day -- all very tedious. Over lunch, Annette reminded me that I was to organise a ride down to the coast. I promised I'd arrange it for the coming Saturday, two days away.

Friday went quickly -- I didn't see Annette as I had other meetings to go to. However, I sent her an email to be ready on Saturday at about 8.30am, and to bring her swimming gear, a towel -- all the things you need to go to the beach. As she had been on motorbikes before, I didn't need to tell her to wear sturdy boots and jeans. I had a spare jacket, helmet and gloves for her.

I turned up at 8.30am on the Saturday and went up to Annette and Amy's hotel room. I was greeted by Amy, in her Qantas PJs. She gave me a long hug and thanks me for the other night -- especially putting her to bed. She slept for 12 hours solid, she told me, and felt fabulous when she woke.

I needed to move my groin slightly away from her while she was hugging me. I could feel her boobs pressing against me -- and I could feel my cock getting hard. I didn't want her to have my hard cock pressing against her belly.

Annette then came out from the bathroom, looking gorgeous. Sensible boots, tight jeans and a tight t-shirt. Fortunately she was wearing her bikini top -- I wasn't as distracted by her breasts this time! She gave me a quick hug and off we went, waving goodbye to Amy.

Down in the carpark, I gave Annette the helmet and gloves to put on. Once we were ready, I got on the bike, started it and Annette climbed on behind me and we headed off. It was obvious she had plenty of experience as a pillion on a bike. She was only lightly holding my waist and moved well with the bike through the traffic.

Out at Bungedore we caught up with my mates. There were four bikes waiting for us, all Ducatis. Stephen bought his wife along, the other three were solo. And off we went down the Kings Highway to Batemans Bay, where we'd turn right to go to Narooma and to a quiet beach we always went to.

It was a cracker of a day -- the sun was out, but not too hot; there was little traffic on the road. Every now and then I could feel Annette tense up through her squeezing me as we went through corners and bumping into me under hard braking. On a long straight I turned to look at her and see if she was OK. She told me she was, but riding on the wrong, for her, side of the road was taking a bit of getting used to.

We were on a long straight and no traffic coming the other way, so I went onto the other side of the road, Annette's right side of the road. Then I felt her lean forward and I saw her giving me a thumbs up. As a corner was approaching, I went back onto the left lane. We whizzed around the corner onto another long straight. I went on to the right lane again for a bit of fun. I felt Annette leaning forward again. This time there was no thumbs up -- I felt her hands move down onto my inner thigh and she was resting against my back. That felt very nice, but I had to concentrate on riding, so back on to the correct side of the road again.

After that, Annette was a brilliant pillion passenger -- she must be used to being on the opposite side of the road by now. After one and half hours we were at Batemans Bay and headed south to Narooma.

We went to our usual beach and rolled into the dirt car park. The delightfully loud Ducati's silenced, all we could hear was the sound of the waves breaking, the birds chirping and calling and the wind in the trees. A magnificent day.

I introduced Annette to my mates -- Stephen and Diane, Bodge, Dave and Peter. They had no idea I was bringing Annette along, and the four lads certainly enjoyed looking at Annette's arse -- the tight jeans were showing it off a treat.

The seven of us wandered on to the beach and started getting the bike riding gear off -- leather, boots etc and putting them on towels so they didn't get sand in them. As we've done this so many times before, we all had our swimmers on already. Diane and Annette were chatting away to one side as we talked about the ride down, how we went round the corners much faster than we really did -- the usual biker bullshit.

Stephen, Diane and Bodge said they were going to go for a walk along the beach, and with that they were off. That left me, Annette, Dave and Peter to go for a swim. Going down to the water's edge was a delight. Annette skipped ahead so I got to watch her small, curvy arse all the way to the water. The water temperature was just right. I dove under a wave and collided with Annette, hitting her behind the knees. Annette then collapsed onto me. As I spluttered for air, grasping to get my head above water, I ended up holding onto Annette. Not only did she look toned and terrific, she felt it too.

We swam out beyond the line where the wave broke and floated on the water, chatting about how fortunate we were to be able to come down to the beach, that Annette got to come over to Australia to visit, what we got up to keep ourselves entertained. That's when I got a bit of a surprise.

Annette blurted out that when she was on secluded beaches, she quite often swum naked. She told me that she wasn't a nudist and didn't go to naturist beaches or the like. Just occasionally she would swim nude. Her daughter Amy, if she was with her, would also strip off. It was just something that they liked to do occasionally.

We chatted a bit longer and Annette was looking at the beach and the water, seeing where Peter and Dave were (they'd been body surfing all the time, which is what we usually did when we came to the beach). She then said that this was the type of beach where she would swim nude; and that we should. I didn't know what to say -- sure, I'd skinny dipped before and being naked in front of other people didn't bother me. But Annette was a work colleague. After what seemed like an eternity, which was probably about five seconds, I said that it seemed like a good idea. I wondered out loud how we weren't going to lose our cossies. "Simple," Annette told me, "we'll tie our cossies together, and that she will hold them."

Annette took off her top as I took my cossies off. I could see Annette now getting her bikini bottoms off. She then told me to give my cossies to her so she could tie them all together using the string ties of her bikini top. She's obviously thought all this through, I thought.

Through the water, I could see her naked body -- those delightfully small breasts, leading down her flat belly to her hairy bush. I looked up at her, and she smiled at me and asked if I liked what I saw. I was terribly embarrassed and went a bight red, I'm sure. Annette told me not to be embarrassed and that she was flattered. She then told me that she hadn't been naked in front of a bloke for quite some time and felt completely comfortable being naked with me. She then added that she liked what she saw. Now, let me tell you, I am nothing but completely average. This isn't a story about me having a monster 10 inch cock that women can't get their hands around, let alone into their mouths. My cock is right on average size. No one has complained about it and it gives me, and a number of women, a lot of pleasure!

After getting over that little statement, we went back to chatting, looking east to the horizon watching the sun reflect off the surface of the ocean. We were having a great time getting to know each other out of work. Annette told me what she does back at home -- seeing bands, going to movies, playing mini-golf.

And then Peter and Dave swam out to us...... They, of course, weren't swimming naked, and didn't know that we were. I heard the splashing as they got near us and I turned around in a panic. Annette didn't seem fussed by them seeing her. Peter and Dave certainly didn't seem to be trouble by Annette being naked -- they seemed to be fascinated by something in the water around Annette, the way their gazes were fixed at or about Annette's belly. Perverts!! 

They suggested that we head back in -- we'd been in the water for about an hour and they didn't want to get burnt. I looked at Annette and she agreed to go back in. Peter and Dave took off and caught a wave in. I asked Annette for my cossies so I could put them on before going in. She didn't think that was necessary as the other lads had already seen us nude, and that lying in the Australian sun naked was on her bucket list.

And with that she started swimming to shore, with me tagging along behind. I guess I could have wrestled with her to get my cossies, but what the hell, it's all a bit of good fun.

We got to the shore and walked up the beach to where our gear was. Dave and Peter were putting sunblock on them selves and looked up when we walked up. I noticed that they only seemed to be able to look at Annette, despite talking to me. Funny about that.

Grabbing our towels, we dried ourselves and sat down and got the sunblock. I gave the bottle to Annette who started rubbing the sunblock on herself, starting with her shoulders and then onto her breasts and belly. I had to look away so my cock didn't show my thoughts......

I got the sunblock and started rubbing it on myself. Annette continued putting the sunblock on herself, now on her lower belly and upper thighs. She parted her legs to reach her inner thighs and finished by rubbing the lotion along the edges of her hairy pussy. She certainly seemed relaxed about being naked; Peter and Dave seemed a little less so, I caught them adjusting their swimmers a few times.

They then looked at each other and said "Why are we the one's with our cossies on. We may as well join the rudey-nudies." They stood up and dropped their daks. And with that, their half-hard cocks were out, something that Annette seemed to enjoy judging by the smirk on her face.

I kept applying my sunblock, holding the bottle. Annette seemed to get impatient with the time I was taking. "Here," she admonished, "let me do that. By the time you get finished I'll be burnt to a frazzle and it'll be time to head home." She grabbed the bottle and got a dollop of sunblock on her hand. She pushed my legs apart and started applying the lotion to my inner thighs. She was looking closely at what she was doing -- her hands getting higher and higher, closer to my cock. She then grabbed my cock and rubbed sunblock on it -- "Can't have a burnt knob, can we?" she giggled.

She then finished off my legs and told me that she needed her back done. She gave me the bottle and flipped over on to her stomach. "Make sure you cover me completely." she told me.

Meanwhile, Dave and Peter were chatting away about something -- I was having trouble focusing on their conversation. But I did notice that they were looking at Annette -- and who wouldn't be.

In the few seconds I was taking all that in, Annette called out that she was burning up and needed sunblock applied. She squealed as I squirted the cool lotion on her back. I then started rubbing it into her skin, slowing getting closer to her arse. I stopped at the top of her arse, not sure what to do. She looked around at me and told to finish what I'd started -- she didn't want a burnt bum. So, I put sunblock on my hands and started rubbing it into her skin, marveling at how her firm arse moved when I rubbed it. I moved to the top of her thighs so there was no gap between where she put on the sunblock and where I was up to. 

Then she parted her legs and told me make sure her legs were completely covered. I looked down to see her arse and her pussy; a delightfully hairy pussy. I started putting sunblock on her thighs and I felt her arse move slightly in response to my hands, moving up to meet my touch.

Once I'd finished, I gave her bum a smack and said that she was covered. She then told me it was my turn and to lie down. Very quickly she had covered my back, and downwards she kept going. Kneading the sunblock on my arse cheeks seemed to take her an eternity, with the occasional finger heading to my arse hole. She then spread my legs and was rubbing sunblock on my thigh, getting higher each stroke. I felt her thumb flick against my balls and a jolt went through me. OK, I thought, that was just once and just accidental. A second later, another touch, this time more than a passing touch. And then I could feel Annette's hand hold both my balls, kneading them. I moaned very quietly into the towel and she told me that she was done and I was ready for some sun action.

Of course, I now have a raging hard on and couldn't turn over. I was face down, looking up the beach, away from the water. Annette squealed, shouting out "Look at that! Look at that!" I tried to look around but couldn't see anything. She grabbed me and told me to roll over and look.

Somewhat reluctantly I rolled over and sat up to try to hide my hard cock. I was scanning the ocean to see what the excitement was all about. Annette then gleefully told me that there was nothing out there, she just wanted to see my hard-on.

"I've never seen a hard cock in Australia before, or a soft one until today, and this seemed like a good way to see one or two. Why do you think I was stroking your balls when I was putting on the sunblock? It was no accident, mister." Annette was almost crowing by this stage -- she was really enjoying herself; mostly at my discomfort, probably.

Peter and Dave were pissing themselves laughing; again, mostly at me. But, Annette's laughter was infectious. They were leaning back, their cocks at half mast. Mine, however, was still up full and proud.

Annette than grabbed my feet and pulled them so my legs were flat on the sand. "Let's see that bad boy in all its glory!" she shouted. And with that, she moved up beside me and put her head on my shoulder. "You aren't mad at me are you Charlie?" she cooed in my ear. "I just want to have some fun; and you seem like someone who wants to have fun."
