 About two months before this all happened, another thing happened to me...my fiancee, Anna, told me she'd found someone new that she loved more: Michelle.

If you have't been told by your lover that they're leaving you for someone of their same sex, well, consider yourself lucky. It is even worse when it happens that way.

Now before you get all upset, calling me anti-gay, no, it isn't that at all. It's that it calls into question your own desirability to the opposite sex. You can't help but wonder if you fall short.

No, I don't mean there, I'm seven inches, that's seems pretty good, never gotten any complaints, no, it's more like maybe I'm just not attractive to women in some way or other.

Well, it was different from having her leave me for another guy. It put me down for several months until I finally just told myself I needed to get out and find someone new. Instead of that, I had been working off my frustration two ways, at the gym which, at least keeps me in shape, and with my hand, a poor substitute for the real thing.

So, on a Friday night, I went out to a local watering hole I knew and stationed myself with a bottle of "Whatever-Lite" beer and watched the crowd. I noticed right off that the crowd seemed less than it used to, probably due to all the new martini bars that were even more popular than tapas bars these days.

Just before ten, as I sipped my second quasi-beer, a group of four women came in and went right for the table next to mine. Maybe my lucky night, I thought as I smiled hoping one would look my way and not write me off as a loser right away.

Well, it soon became obvious from their chatter that they were bachelorettes doing some bar-hopping. They weren't drunk or anything, maybe just feeling good, for they were a bit loud, and I overheard that they were involved in some kind of a scavenger hunt and that the one called, Susan, a vivid redhead with wavy hair just past her shoulders, was the one doing the scavenging and that she was the bride-to be.

They all looked to be upper twenties and lower thirties and they were discussing, certainly loud enough for me to hear, that Susan had located a number of the right items including a tube of that famous jelly, the boon of so many brides-to-be. They were also giving her boxes to unwrap containing such items as dildos including one that was absolutely huge, it had to be fifteen inches, at least, maybe more.

Also there were blindfolds, thongs, both male and female, handcuffs, crotchless panties, this last thing, passed around with all four women peeking through the open crotch, giggling like mad, even a vibrating cock ring that they all laughed uproariously over.

I overheard one of the girls tell Susan that she still had one more item on her scavenger list and she got up and went to the bar to talk with a couple of guys who had girls with them.

Soon, she was back, shaking her head, then leaned over to me and said, "Excuse me, I hate to bother you, um, but I'm on a scavenger hunt and I'm down to one last item and was wondering if you could help me with something?"

"Sure, I'll try."

"Um, see I'm getting married and these are my bridesmaids and, well, they've made up this list of things I've got to get, okay? And I'm down to the last thing on the list."

"What is it, what is it you need?" I asked.

"Um, well, this," and she shows me a list of items with everything crossed off except the last item: a pair of men's boxers.

"Um, right here?" I asked her and she laughed and said, "No, I could walk with you over to the men's room and you could go inside and take them off, then give them to me when you come out. I'd really appreciate it so much."

I'd been asked a lot of strange questions in my life so far but this ranked up there. But being asked by such an attractive woman with three also attractive friends made me want to be helpful to the cause.

So, I stood up and said, "Sure, happy to," and walked to the men's room and went in and took off my boxers, thankfully a clean pair and folded them as neatly as I could and went back out. There she was, waiting just outside the door, as I handed them over and got a nice kiss on the lips.

"Thank you, oh, you're so sweet."

"Oh, glad to help, I guess I can go commando one time in my life; for a good cause."

"Come on back and join us," she asked so I followed this lovely creature back to her table where she held them up as they unfolded for all to see.

"That's it, that's the whole list," said the brown-haired one that had given her the cock ring.

"We need to introduce ourselves to my hero here. What's your name?" the redhead asked.

"Paul and I'm glad to help."

"I'm Susan and as I said, I'm the bride-to-be, this is Heather, that's Jessa and this is Ellen, my bridesmaids."

We all shook hands and chatted for a few minutes as I looked from one to the other.

As I said, Susan was tall and very attractive with brown eyes and a figure that would pass Playboy's standards. Heather also had flaming red hair and she was rather petite but had curves galore. Her boobs were really large, especially on such a small woman. Jessa and Ellen were both blonds, Ellen an ash blond. Jessa was platinum and very light-skinned, blue-eyed, maybe Swedish in descent. She was very pretty. Ellen was an all-American girl-type, very fresh and pretty, slender with legs to die for.

"I really ought to pay you for these, Paul, you were so nice about it," Susan said as she held out a five dollar bill in her hand.

"Oh, no, just consider that a pre-wedding present from me."

"Well, we're not finished partying so we're going back to Heather's place; Heather, write down the address for our new friend here...perhaps you would join us, you've been so nice."

Well, I looked at the four of them, quickly figured my only other options were to have another 'Boredom-Lite' beer, go home or take them up on their kind offer. I did what you would do.

"Now, don't get the wrong idea, Paul, there won't be any sex, so don't even think that but you will have a good time. So, if you want, here's where we'll be," Susan said and they all went off laughing and having a good time.

I paid my bill and drove to Heather's apartment which was only about eight blocks away. It was just after eleven when I rang the bell.

It was Heather's apartment but it was Jessa who answered and led me into a laughter-filled room.

"He's here," Jessa announced. "But, I told him already, there's no sex on offer."

"Well, okay, but he's way overdressed for my likes," Ellen said.

"Well, then, why don't you take off what you don't like. Unless Paul objects, of course," the bride-to-be stated.

Well, I stood up quite willingly in front of the four of them as Ellen reached up and began unbuttoning my shirt. When she got it open, she placed her palms down on my chest and rubbed up and down. Then, she surprised me when she leaned up and forward and began sucking my nipples as the girls all cheered and hooted.

"There's a role-reversal, a gal sucking a guy's boobs," cried Heather.

"Bet he'd rather have you suck him lower, girl," Jessa taunted her friend.

"Well, he looks pretty happy," Susan commented and I replied, "Happy as can be, the only guy here, after all."

"Well, what about these, Paul?" Susan asked as she reached over and tugged on my jeans.

I answered, "You already have my boxers, right there on the table."

"Come on, Susan, it may just be your last chance to see a guy different from Doug," Ellen prodded.

Susan looked up at me and I just stood there smiling as she leaned forward and undid my belt and unbuttoned my jeans, then pulled them to the floor where she held the legs as I pulled out of them.

Of course, there was a good bit of tittering and giggling, you'd think it was four high school girls but then Susan leaned forward and kissed the tip of my cock as they all cheered and hooted.

Was I turned-on? Take a guess. I reached over to the coffee table were all the funny gifts sat and picked up the tube of lube and put some on my hand and began stroking myself as the women cheered me on.

"Way to go, Paul, show us how you do it. Cum on the bride, let's see you cum all over Susan," Ellen cried.

"Oh, yeah, shoot all over her, it's the last guy's cum she'll get except for Doug's from now on," hooted Jessa.

"Great, mess me all up while you girls just laugh," the bride-to-be said to her friends as I continued stroking my cock. I knew I was getting close as Heather said, "Here, maybe this'll help you out," and pulled up her top showing me her rather lovely boobs. I liked women who go braless and she had every reason to do so, they were upright and firm with large, light pink nipples.

Ellen was next unbuttoning her blouse and taking it off as she unhooked her bra and pulled it off. She was just as pretty with large, round breasts with small, dark red nipples which she squeezed as I stroked on.

Well, two out of the four women being topless as I masturbated was sure enough as I felt the surge of ecstasy well up from my middle as cum began arcing out of my cock all over Susan's face and blouse while the others all cheered.

"Look, he's got her good," cried Ellen as Jessa shrieked, "He's cumming, he's cumming, look it's all over Susan."

I really did get her good. I'd never shot my cum at a woman before, it just never was something that any of them had ever asked me to do but I'd seen it done on the internet and thought I'd try it with these four partying girls; they sure seemed to love it.

Heather hopped up and got me a beer and they all wanted me to stay for the rest of their little party but each begged me to stay just the way I was.

So, I circulated among them, getting a few feels from Jessa and Heather at times and was soon sporting an engorged cock once again.

"Oh, look at Paul, girls, he needs our help. Let's all do him by hand, two minutes each, the one that gets him to cum gets whatever she asks our new friend to do, as long as he agrees. Okay?" Heather posed.

I was not about to turn down such an offer, remember, my sex life had fallen to a low ebb these last few months and this was turning out to be one of my life's highlights. Even without fucking one of these wonderful beauties.

So, they settled on the sofa as I stood there in front of the party's honored bride-to-be who dribbled a line of lube along my shaft and began. Her grip varied between firm and loose, something that felt so good, something that I don't remember any girl or woman every doing to me before but I sure filed it away for the future, it felt great.

"Look at his face. Oh, Susan, you've got the touch, girl. I'll bet you've had lot and lots of practice," Ellen hooted.

"Oh, maybe a bit," Susan grinned.

Then, the two minutes was called and I stepped sideways to face Ellen who took over. She stroked the length of my cock but put a five-fingered twist on the tip each time like she was taking off a twist-top cap. Oh, that was nice. This woman knew what she was doing.

She provided me with a very pleasurable two minutes before I moved on to Heather who first leaned over to kiss the head before starting with her hand. She formed her fingers and thumb like a tube and hand-fucked my cock which felt more like a pussy when she did it. It was really good. Then the time was up and I went on to Jessa who began on me with both hands.

Her left hand she took and circled her forefinger and thumb around my shaft moving back and forth while her other hand's fingers rotated around the head of my cock like she was unscrewing a light bulb. I never knew there were so many ways to masturbate a guy's cock. They were all terrific.

But it was Jessa who won as I thrust forward and began cumming into her palm as all the women hooted and hollered. I've been masturbated a lot of times, especially in high school when the only private place I often had with a girl was in a car. But, this handjob by four sexy women was by far the most exotic and erotic of my life.

"Okay, I get to ask Paul to do something, right?" Jessa asked They all agreed and she made her choice, "I ask Paul to stand right here in front of me while I suck him off," she said and the girls all went crazy. Me, I went hard. Then Jessa fulfilled both her promise and my fondest dreams.

The party went on a while longer but finally, as with most things, I suppose, it did come to an end. I got dressed and each one of them gave me a kiss goodbye and thanked me for being so entertaining, each one giving me a squeeze.

I cut out the wedding picture from the newspaper a few weeks later and put it on my refrigerator as a fond remembrance. It's there to this day. Some people ask me about it but, so far, I've just smiled and said I'd tell them another time.

I never saw Susan or Ellen again but I did run into Jessa and Heather at that same bar again and, well, we've all three gotten together many times since. But that's another story for another time.