 The wind was definitely picking up. Just my luck. I had just wanted to take a walk, since the house was getting a little much for me. You see, every year for summer vacation, my parents will drag me and my little brothers to this hole of a town. The town had like only 300 residents, and from what I had seen, none of them were anywhere below the age of 35.

So that afternoon I just had to get out of the house. My parents had disappeared into their bedroom shortly after breakfast and I refuse to think about what kind of stuff they were up to! Tim and Jonathan were fishing in the lake in front of the house, so I'm left alone. I've never explored the woods surrounding the lake before, so I just skirted the edges and decided to explore deeper. That was when I realised that all the trees looked alike and I could not hear anything except insects buzzing and the cracking or dry twigs under my sandaled feet. 

My short summer dress was sticking to my body, and I pulled my long black hair up into a bun. People always told me that I was exotic looking, since my grandma was Thai. I have these large, slightly titled green eyes and my skin is tanned. I like to think that I have a good figure, since I'm a dancer. I remembered my ex-boyfriend, who used to have an erection every time I looked at his crotch. The memory made my belly flip slightly. I'm still a virgin, but lately my fingers are not satisfying me like they used to. I just turned 18 last month, and I knew I was ready to have sex. But I just had not met the right guy.

I decided to rest against a tree. I was now officially lost. I unbuttoned the top two buttons of my dress and wiped the mist of sweat in between my thighs with my dress. The wind felt good on my bare legs, but the rumble of thunder ahead warned me that a summer downpour was up on God's cards. That was when I saw the two guys. 

They were tall, broad-shouldered, dark-haired and gorgeous. One of them was wearing a flannel shirt and skin-tight blue jeans. His face was chiselled, piercing sky-blue eyes and lips just asking to be kissed. The other guy was exactly identical in features, but he had on a white t-shirt and black jeans. I pulled my dress down, and stood up straight. The guys saw me and smiled.

"Whatcha doing out here? It's about to rain," The flannel guy asked when they were about two feet away from me. I was close enough to see that they were identical twins, and they were about 19. I decided to slap on the damsel in distress thing real thick. 

"I got kinda lost. Stupid huh? Would you guys help me?"

"Sure thing, babe. I'm Jared, and my bro here is Gerard," the one in flannel told me. 

"I'm Delia," I told them. They walked in front of me and we moved in silence, even though the guys did exchange glances now and then. It seemed to me that we were walking deeper into the woods, and drops of rain were penetrating the canopy of the trees. I was busy ogling that their pinch-worthy butts when they stopped suddenly.

"Urm, is something wrong?" I asked. The twins just shared another look. Jared then moved in front of me while Gerard moved to the back. 

"You know, Delia. My bro and I like to do stuff together. We both attend the same college, run track, go hiking. But you know what we love to do most? We love to share stuff. Especially girls."

I knew what was up, and I couldn't believe my luck. But I decided to play dumb.

"What are you talking about, Jared?" 

I felt Gerard press his body against my back and his hands snake around my small waist. The feel of his erection against the curve of my ass made me catch my breath. Jared moved closer to me and kissed me full on the lips. The boy can really kiss! His tongue skilfully flicked the roof of my mouth and massaged my tongue. As he kissed me, Jared's hands move down my chest and start to unbutton my dress. While he did that, Gerard ran his hands down the sides of my thigh and up the insides. Four hands were exploring my body, and the feeling was so good that I whimpered against Jared's mouth. 

He broke the kiss and unclasps my strapless bra. The bra falls to the wet ground and my panties followed. In between these two hunks, I only had on my open, wet summer dress. The rain was really pouring now, and the three of us were soaked. Gerard leaned against a tree and started rubbing my nipples. Jared took off his top and I nearly sighed as I saw the bod he had. The guy was built! He then knelt in front of me and with Gerard's help, lifted me so that my knees hooked on his shoulders. He was breathing against my pussy and his tongue begins to lick my clit. 

I cried out at that first touch. A tongue felt so different from a finger! And Jared knew what he was doing. He lapped me up in slow circles, centring on my clit. Gerard's hands were all over my body, causing me to whimper. The guys explored every inch of me, and I could see Jared's mouth glistening with my juice and the rain. I was lost in the sensation when I felt Jared stick his tongue in my cunt. I thrust my pussy against his face, and he drove his tongue in deeper. Gerard then moves his thumb down and starts rubbing my clit. I came with a scream. 

After I calmed down a bit, Jared stood up and unzipped his jeans. He was wearing no underwear and his dick was a good 8 inches. My wet pussy throbbed at the sight. I looked behind at Gerard and was greeted with the same picture. It's like double vision. They propped me up against the tree and start to take one breast into their mouth. I held both heads to my chest, moaning as their tongue swirl my areola and their teeth nipped at my painfully erect nipples. Their fingers found their way to my drenched pussy and they took turns fingering my cunt and clit. 

When I felt sure that I was going to come again, they abruptly stopped. Gerard then lay down on the wet ground. I stood with my shaking legs in between his hips. I went down on my knees and start to lower myself on his dick. 

It felt enormous! I cried out as my hymen gave way. Gerard grunted as I took his whole dick inside my tight pussy. I rode him slow and deep. I was wondering about Jared when I felt him peel away my dress. He pushed my upper body so that my hands were on Gerard's hard, flat stomach. Jared then cracked open my ass cheeks and begin licking the opening of my ass hole. It felt so electric that I stopped riding Gerard. 

Jared stopped licking and I felt his body heat against my ass. I braced myself as I felt his dick enter my asshole. It hurt so bad, but Jared took it slow. After a while, I caught his rhythm and the pain gave way to sinful pleasure. I begin riding Gerard again in time with Jared's thrusts. We were in that position for a long time, all the time going faster and harder. I had two 8-inch dicks inside me, and the feeling was incredible. The twins' grunts were mixed with my loud moans. Gerard bent forward and took a breast in his mouth and Jared reached around to rub my clit. My moans became louder and I came with a massive orgasm. My tightening pussy and asshole must have been too much for the guys. They spew hot cum inside me as I shuddered from my orgasm. White cum form two different dicks ran out of my pussy and asshole. 

All of us collapsed on the forest floor and our juices mixed with rainwater seep into the wet ground under us. This was exactly how I wanted to pop my cherry.