 Your cock is out and you're stroking it with some speed but trying to hold off cumming. Especially because you hope to be inside at least one roommate before the evening is over.

My back is pressed up against the sink. 

I'm naked. Apron over my eyes as a blindfold. 

My legs spread apart. My roommate on her knees in front of me, one finger rubbing my g spot and her tongue working its magic on my clit. 

I'm a pretty happy girl. 

My hands massage my breasts. I pull at my nipples. I'm panting and moaning. 

I manage to get a few words out to my roommate, "we're ignoring our guest." 

She stops abruptly and agrees. She looks at you but I still have the blindfold on. 

She asks you what your pleasure is. You're practically speechless. But in the moment say that she should bring me over to the table. Let's see just how good we can make her feel. 

So she leads me over to the table. And my roommate is now ready to follow your lead for awhile. She's curious what your intentions are. As am I. 

You stand, with that glorious cock out and hard and ready. You stand in front of me and take my hand and put it in your erection. A huge smile crosses my face. Stroke me, you say. And I happily comply. 

Your skin is soft and your erection is incredible. I start with one hand but soon put both hands on your shaft. 

I tell my roommate that I don't want you to get sore and we need to get your cock a little wetter. 

She knows just what I'm thinking. So as I'm standing there blindfolded, she sits on the chair. She turns you toward her and takes you in her mouth.

You see how incredible she makes me feel orally so you are thrilled and wonder if it will translate from my pussy to your cock. 

And it does. She licks you up down. Getting you as wet as possible. I come up behind you. I may be blindfolded but that doesn't mean I'm helpless. 

I press my breasts into your back and begin to run my hands over your shoulders. Small kisses on the back of your neck. One woman in front of you and one behind. It's incredible. 

You feel my fur on your ass as I press myself harder into you. 

You feel my nipples, erect and aching. You reach around to grab my ass and try to pull me in even closer. 

My roommate is sucking on you mercilessly. 

And you are letting out low grunts of pleasure. 

She stops momentarily and tells me you are nice and wet. So I turn you around to resume my handjob. 

We are face to face. Or face to blindfold, I suppose. But I don't need to see to stroke you. I hold the base of your penis tight to stretch your skin taut. I stroke your shaft. 

You begin to kiss me as I stroke you. You run your tongue along my lips and I'm hungry to feel your tongue inside my mouth. 

Now my roommate is behind you. 

A nice sex sandwich. What could be better. 

She rubs your shoulders and you feel this wonderful release in your muscles and she massages you. She's pretty good at massage, too. 

Of course, you feel her breasts. You feel everything. 

We are both kissing you. And it's a lot of sensation. He needs more wetness I say. So my roommate turns you around, sits in the chair and goes back down on you. 

We don't want you to get dizzy, though. :-) After a few moments, she stops. She stands up and walks to me. You see what she's trying to do and you help as well. You want me to lie on the table. I hope I'm suave enough to get on this table without seeing.  

There's a wonderful, soft linen on the table and it feels cool against my back. 

I have no idea where you both are. 

But I start to feel hands on me. And lips. But I'm not sure who is doing what. And that just drives me insane. I don't know who is touching me and who is licking me but I want more of everything. 

Finally I hear a voice. My roommate asks you what your preference is. You say that you want to make me come. And I gasp and hope that you'll want to enter me. I aching for your cock. My pussy has been wet and throbbing all day at the thought that I might get to fuck you again. 

You bend over and whisper in my ear. How do you want to cum? 

I want you inside me. Get inside me. I need you. 

You walk to the end of the table, a perfect height. :-) You grab my thighs and gently pull me to the edge of the table. 

You spread my legs and tease my lips with your penis. It feels incredible to me. But I can't take it. I don't want to be teased. I want to be fucked. 

Get inside me right now, I say, surprised at my own brazenness. 

Whatever the lady wants, and you pound your cock into me. I'm so wet that you enter me with no hesitation. I scream. 

You begin to thrust into me. In and out and I'm so happy. It's even better than I remembered. Your cock is glorious. It's perfect for me, filling up every inch inside of me. I clench my pussy around you trying to draw you in deeper into me. 

The clenching makes you moan. What a grip she has. 

My roommate reiterates your earlier sentiment. I wonder how good we can this sexy woman feel. And I smile because I know she's going to add to my pleasure. 

You're thrusting into me. First she bends over and kisses me. I grab her head and pull her into me. I need to lick and suck something. Her tongue is available and our tongues are all over each other. Wet and wonderful. 

She takes my arms and lifts them behind me and holds them down. 

She begins to kiss my neck and takes her tongue and just makes a line down my throat, over my chest, and lands on one nipple. 

She sucks on me. And flicks my nipple with her tongue. She briefly turns her head toward you and sees that you're watching intently. 

So she sticks her tongue out a little further and plays with my nipple. She wants to give you a good show. She wants you to be even more turned on. If that's possible. 

The sensations in my body are overwhelming. I won't hold out much longer. 

She runs her tongue over my stomach and back up to my other nipple. 

I want to move my hands and she feels that so she releases my arms. I immediately feel for her. I find her hip and go around to her ass. I grab her and she sucks on me harder. 

The harder I grab her ass the harder she sucks. 

What a fantastic feeling. 

Your thrusting has quickened. Seeing this in front of you has made you want to fuck me harder and harder. And I love it. I can't get enough of you. 

Her fingers find my hair and she caresses me as your pounding into me. It's just too much. 

Then she takes her fingers and she starts to rub my clit as your fucking me. 

I can't take it. She rubs and rubs and I can't it. I cum and squirt all over your cock. 

You feel a huge gush of pussy juice all over you. 

It's so slippery now but I clench onto you because I don't want to lose you. 

I guess we know how good we can make her feel now. And you both have a little laugh. I'm still shaking and waves of please are shuddering through my body. 

I need to rest for just a moment. I need to get my breathing back under control. But don't you dare pull out of me, I say. I want to cum again and I want you to cum inside me. 

You're elated. 

You don't know how you've managed to hold off this long. 

You're still inside me but still for a few moments. I just need to get white about me and gear up for round two. This is the best fuck of my life and I never want it to end. 

My roommate wants to be helpful. She looks to you. What can I do to help, she asks? 

You begin to move back and forth again. It's too difficult to be still inside of me. You need to move. 

You tell my roommate that you want her to cum first and then you'll cum. 

No argument there from her. All of a sudden you both hear me say, "I'll make her cum." 

I take off my blindfold and tell my roommate to bring her pussy to me. 

You just can't even imagine what's going to happen next. You know I can't reach her if she's standing to the side of the table. But my roommate knows what I want. 

So she goes to the other end of the table and gets on top of it. On her knees, she slowly gets closer to my face. 

She's facing you and you see where this is going. She gets close enough to me and I grab her and pull her towards me. I want her above my face. 

She hovers over me and the smell of her pussy makes me want her even more. She expertly lowers herself just enough and I take my tongue and I reach up for her lips. 

Her knees are on either side of my face and I put my arms around her thoughts and pull her down closer to me. My tongue parts her lips and goes right for her clit. 

I suck on her and she's engorged and throbbing. 

You can see everything. 

I give her lips long licks and then I go right back to sucking on her clit. 

She massaging her breasts in front of you. 

You hope she cums soon because this image of her sitting on my face and being eaten is like nothing you've ever seen before and all you want to do is episode inside of me. 

I lick her with the thickest part of my tongue. I'm not so bad at oral myself. :-) My hand are running all over her legs. And I'm eating her with a purpose. I need her to cum because I need you to cum. 

Eating, eating. Her pussy is dripping wet and I can feel she's getting close. You see her lift two fingers to her mouth and she sucks an her fingers and gets them nice and wet. 

And then she moves them down to her clit. She begins to rub her clit with those wet finger and I begin to thrust my tongue inside her pussy and tongue fuck her. 

She's panting and moaning. 

I push my tongue as hard as I can and with just a minute more of rubbing until she cums with hard-core spasms. After a few minutes, her body relaxes and she's at ease.

Knowing that she and I have both cum, your mind gives you the OK and your own orgasm releases, fast and hard. As you feel it coming, you dive harder and harder until you're ready to explode... and you do. Your body is one giant over-sensitized nerve and you you cum, filling me. 

Your penis (as a metaphor for the three of us) is spent. 

Maybe we should have dinner naked tonight and enjoy each other for dessert?