 A beautiful young childless married blond is forced blacked by her husband's boss, then gives into it happily. She is then dominatingly lesbian blacked, and realises that this is where she belongs. Her wayward husband is also taught a very painful, (at first) lesson from a black gay man..

*

Callie James knew for certain now she was in trouble, real trouble and none of it was of her making. It was Saturday morning, and she had been screwed and royally fucked for most of the night, and nothing she could have said or done would have prevented it. Her husband's boss had simply taken her, he hadn't known he was going to do it, and neither had she.

Her husband had made a huge mistake in thinking he was clever enough to outsmart him. He hadn't been, and Callie was and had paid the price, but her husband was too, a bigger one. He had been taken away by Tobias Jones's men, two of them, hulking great brutes. She had been assured that he was safe and would be so, it was just business she had been informed.

Callie's problem had started as soon as Tobias had laid eyes on her. The gorgeous blond had immediately caught his eye, and he had decided that retribution on her husband would be taken from her as well, and that he would know about it. He had found out about his sly attempts to secrete money and steal it. He had clued his two men up as to what he wanted. They had gone to Callie's house on the Friday night and simply walked in on them. Her husband knew straight away why he was there, he almost shit himself.

But Tobias changed plans as soon as he saw Callie, 'fuck her' that's what I'm going to do. But even he didn't know then that in the morning, that that 'fuck her' attitude, would change to real desire for her. He got a hard on just looking at her, he saw her as the perfect black on blond, and he was the black man for her. He told his men to take her husband away as planned, but he was staying, they knew why too. Callie had guessed, hoping she was wrong. He took her by the hand and he walked around the house, he confiscated her cell phone and disabled the rest, he locked all the doors and windows, she was trapped.

Back in the kitchen he looked into a cupboard and saw what he wanted, a small wine glass. Tobias took a hip flask out he always carried with him. He never knew when he might need it. He poured a clear liquid from it, and told Callie to drink it. She refused, he went to her, grabbed her long blond hair, yanked her head back, he let go, pinched her nose, and tipped the liquid in.

It went straight down, she coughed and spluttered, but she had to swallow it. It tasted of nothing. "What is it?" she asked shocked. "Don't worry," he answered, "all it is, is something to relax you, take away the tension you are feeling." What he didn't tell her was, it was also a stimulant, and when it kicked in, and he squeezed her nipples, or whatever, the sensation would be irresistible.

He studied the classic 5ft 5" blond blue beauty, he had no idea her stupid husband had such a beautiful wife, and now she was his, though Callie didn't know that yet. Callie had long silky blond hair, clear bright blue eyes, and they were big. A clear flawless complexion, such a devastating inviting mouth, it made Tobias's heart beat faster. He could also see that she had a near, or did have, a perfect body, that already he couldn't wait to get on and into.

Her husband's boss took her hand in his and walked into the sitting room, the liquid would take effect in about ten minutes, he sat in a chair and pulled Callie into his lap. Now she knew what he was about. Her ass sat on what she knew was his hard on, he was hard for her and she knew it.

He snuggled her into him, Callie had rightly guessed that any complaints, begging, pleading, to let her go was a none starter, not negotiable. She had almost resigned herself to her fate. Her husband had tried to save the day, that was laughable to Tobias. He ran a hand up Callie's thigh and she jumped, 'not yet Tobias' he told himself. He talked to her, asked her questions, he asked how old she was, 26 she had answered. Why no kids, he had asked, we are waiting until later, she had told him.

"So you are on the pill then?" he asked intrusively. "No," Callie said, "we use protection." This made him grin inwardly, 'by tomorrow Tobias,' he told himself, 'she might be in the club!' he chortled silently. Spying where, he tweaked a nipple, Callie gasped. Callie was there now. He never wasted anymore time, he pushed forward, stood with her in his arms, and went upstairs. "Please don't, please," she begged. It went unheeded.

Tobias Jones was not the kind of man who took no for an answer. He had decided he was having her, and that was the end of that. What Callie never knew was, the stimulant he had made her drink was already working admirably, and soon she would not even think of denying him. He stood her down and started to undress her, feeling his way as he went. He kissed her, licked her, tweaked her, held her tight, telling her not to worry. That she was in safe hands. Making sure his hard on was where it was supposed to be felt.

Tobias made her lie on the bed naked for him, then he went into his routine, nearly every woman he had seduced was impressed by it. He fixed his dark eyes on hers, and she had no option but to watch, he undressed slowly, soon his broad flat powerful chest came into view, his broad shoulders, big arms, then the narrow waist, the wide hips, his strong legs and his muscular 6ft 3" frame was there for her to admire.

His cock, it was long, it was thick and heavy, veined, strident, the head loomed large, a purple mushroom, billiard ball in shape. But the thing that captivated Callie was his dark chocolate skin, it glistened. And a long suppressed desire to wonder about black men emerged in her mind. That and the stimulant, turned her from her husband in that one defining moment.

She had never been in the presence of such a big man, he towered over anything she knew. He dwarfed her husband. Callie was in awe of such a fine specimen of a man. And unbeknown to her just yet, she was getting wet looking at the huge weapon that she knew was soon going to be buried deep within her.

The previous night when her husband had been taken away by Tobias's assistants. One had driven the car, they too were big black men, bigger even than their boss. The other had got into the back with their captive. After ten minutes, the man grabbed Callie's husband by the back of his head and drove him face down into his lap. After a little shuffling, he had his equally large black cock out, and he was told to suck it or die.

This statement was of course untrue, but it scared the life out of him. He looked at the huge black cock in the dimness, he hesitated and then his face was full of it. "I said suck it you worthless little shit!" His head was lifted up and down and he sucked, he had no option what so ever. He wept silent tears of humiliation, but he did as he was told, he closed his eyes, then dropped his mouth over and sucked. "Good little white boy slut," the man said, "now, you do a good job and you'll be okay." He thought he meant he would let him go, no such thing was on offer, the man was going to be shown the errors of his ways. And if they knew their boss right, the man's wife would be shown more than the error of his ways.

Callie had never had a bigger cock in her, and she had never known it could be so good, it fit her like a finger in her ass, and it was perfect once he had stretched her wide. She clung to him and climaxed her life away, he spent most of the night screwing her. There was one other thing that Tobias hadn't known about, nor would he have cared had he known. Callie's husband wasn't that hot in bed, he always tried, but he hardly ever left his wife fully satisfied the way she wanted to be.

Callie always wanted more, when there was none to be had. Tobias had satisfied her aplenty, she had never come so hard or for so long, and in such quick succession, stimulant or no stimulant. He obliterated any doubts she had had. She spent all of the night clinging to him, he rolled her in every way possible, one side, the other, on her back, on top, even when the stimulant wore off she was with him.

Callie was kept awake most of the night by him, his stamina seemed unending, Callie hardly had time to regroup before he was at her again fucking her and fucking her, but, she could not withhold her admiration for his unending considerate lovemaking. And when he told her they were going to sleep he fastened a cuff thing to her left wrist, and the other end to his right. There was no escape, she slumbered in his arms. Callie felt gratefulness to him for what he had done, what he had shown and given her. And the shining light on it all, his black skin, it slipped over and around her in a way she had not even thought about in her life. She even kissed him goodnight, but she felt that no matter what, he wasn't in for permanency. She also knew her marriage would not survive this.

Wherever her husband was, he was being taught his lesson, the man whose cock he had been forced to suck was a gay man. They had taken him deep into the countryside to a secluded house. There he was taken upstairs, made to strip, lie face down on the bed, hands and feet tied outwards. He was fully open all hours, ready for business, and the black man who had him was up for some looting.

"Please, please don't, I'm sorry, I'm sorry," he cried, and like his wife's pleas, they went unheeded. But he took a little pity on him. "As you were such a good little cock sucker," he told him, "I'm going to be nice to you." His idea of 'nice' was to drop baby oil on to his ass and work it in. Then he proceeded to fuck him, gently though, not quite as his boss had ordered him to do.

Callie's husband wept tears of pain, regret and humiliation, the big black man held him tight, his cock penetrated him fully, his agony abated after some time. And though he did not enjoy it, being dominated like this felt rewarding, a feeling he could not understand. Then he felt a change in the rhythm, he was grunting, he realised he was going to cum. He tried to say no, but his voice failed him, and then he felt the hot surge, his bowels expanded and he was full of the black man's cum.

The man eventually got off him, slapped his ass, and threw a cover over him and walked away. Somehow he fell asleep in the darkness, he wakened by the sound of the door opened, there was daylight in the room, he wondered what time it was. "Good morning my little slut boy, how are you today, a little sore Hmmmm?" he asked.

He never answered, the big black man came into view, he was naked, his big lumpy cock hanging down. He swiftly untied him, turned him over and then retied him the same way, arms and legs out stretched, he had a job to do for his boss. He got on to the bed and began to play with the captive man, he was soft and gentle, he caressed is cock and balls.

"I'm going to make you come for me my little white slut boy, can you do that for me Hmmmm?" He nodded his head, hoping that he would be let go if he did. He forced himself to relax and soon his cock hardened. He looked at the black hand flashing up and down and became mesmerised by it. He stared manically, willing him to go faster, his black captor did.

As he was approaching D day the man let go, he quickly untied his right wrist and told him to hold the camera he had readied. He asked why and received a stinging slap, he didn't ask again. "We're doing a selfie video," he told him, "now hold the camera at us, film me jacking you off, lift it to show us, and make a good job of it or you will regret it."

He was scared into doing what he was told, soon he was trying to hold the camera still as he was jacked, he was going to cum. "Please I can't stop myself," he said. The man kissed him, he could not say no to it. "Lovely," was the reply, "film it okay!" He did, the camera trembled as he shot a load up into the air for his captor. It slopped onto his stomach, the black tormentor took the camera, pressed buttons and watched. "That's great," he said, it was all there, his black hand sliding up and down his hard cock, his face contorted, the man kissing him, him shooting his load. It looked to all intents and purposes like two gay lovers having fun. He got up and walked out, he downloaded it and sent it to his boss.

Tobias heard the ping on his phone, he checked it, and smiled happily when he watched Callie's husband being made to come by his black captor. "What is it?" she asked. Tobias gave her a look, she heeded it. He took out his camera from his pocket and set it in motion, he told Callie to ignore it, he was filming them having fun that was all he told her. She accepted his word, she had no option, he set about seducing her all over again, he guided her hand to his cock. Callie was soon lost in loving the huge black man who now seemed to rule her life, she wondered if that was the way it was now.

Tobias raised the camera, he pushed Callie's head down, she knew what he wanted, she gave it to him. His cock disappeared into her luscious mouth and she gave him the best blow job she could. His cock felt unbelievably hard and big in her mouth. Tobias filmed it, Her blond hair sliding over and around his dark chocolate skin.

He set the camera down, pushed her over and mounted her, he could only guess at what he was filming but it worked. When he watched it later, Callie was definitely crying out when she came. He made her get to her knees, he adjusted the camera and off he went. Callie got the best fuck she had ever had. The finale came when he rodded her ass, Callie tried to get away but he slapped her, and held her in place while he ripped her ass with his black missile.

He filled her with cum, and slid away, Callie had never in her life been treated this way, but she liked it. She loved the dominance, his aggressive takeover of her life, she seemed to recognise that he owned her, or would decide her fate, if not her life. "Your husband will be offered a chance to stay and work for me, but in altered circumstances," he said. Callie had no idea what that meant. "He can also go, I have my money, I don't care."

She knew the next words were for her to say. "What about me sir?" she asked reverently. "You," he said, "will just do as you are told from now on. I own your ass Callie, I have other irons in the fire, so you will be taken care of by me, and someone I owe a debt to, don't even think of asking me, just wait, okay?" "My husband?"

"That's up to you, watch this and then tell me what you want, him or me." He handed her the phone and she watched, her face blanched. "The dirty fucking faggot!" she raged, "how can he, I never knew he was that way." Tobias never put her right. "So what is it to be, me or him?" There was no hesitation. "You," she told him, Callie went to him, "I'll do whatever you tell me sir, I promise." "You had better," he said, "you'll be made to regret it if you don't." "I promise you," she reaffirmed.

Tobias made a call, he spoke at length, said goodbye, and told Callie to go prepare herself, make herself looked like a million dollars, and wear only a short dressing gown and nothing else. "Why?" she asked. His raised hand made her recoil, she left to do what he told her to do.

He called his man, thanked him for a good job for which he would receive a nice bonus. He said he was sending a video for him to show Callie's husband. "I want you to keep him all weekend Sam," he said, "have fun." "I will boss, I will," was the reply. Callie was to take two hours, ""Women," he grinned. He answered the door, and in walked the vision that was Lita, she was his live in lover. She was the only person in the world that would, could and did stand up to him. He had found her when she was a young girl, he took her away. She was fiery, testy, stubborn, and 100% independent.

She had told him she would marry him when he asked her, but he would never own her. She would do what she wanted to do, with whom she wanted to do it. She would always be there for him, would love him when he wanted it, but she was who she was and he could go and fuck himself if he didn't like it.

As it turned out it was great and they worked well, he knew she screwed whomever she wanted to, half the time he never knew about it. Lita was over 6ft tall, languidly beautiful, her creamy dark skin, her long black hair, she weighed 150lbs and she was fabulously stunning. Tobias also knew she had a penchant for blond women, the more beautiful the better, and he knew the gift of Callie would please her more than he could ever say.

Lita walked like silk that flowed in the soft breeze, in the ten years he had known her he had seen every man or woman in her presence nearly fall over at her feet. She commanded, she held them, no matter who they were, and Tobias loved the fact that she was with him, even if he did not own her. Her body was smooth, full breasted, narrow waisted, long legged. Her face was magnetic, finely defined, high eyebrows, high cheek boned, huge dark deep eyes, full lipped, heart shaped, demanding and inviting.

He also knew that if Lita wanted something or someone, then she would get it, get them, take it, take them, use it, groove it. He was more than 100% certain that when she saw Callie, he would be shown the door, he grinned happily at pleasing her. He heard movement from upstairs. "Lita, I have a present for you, I hope you are pleased by it," he told her. "What, what present?" "Callie, come down please," he called.

A minute later she appeared as he had instructed. Callie was wearing a white silk short above the knee dressing gown. Her hair was up in soft curls, her face was immaculate, she oozed sex appeal. "Lita, meet Callie, Callie, this is Lita, this is whom I told you about, you will obey her." Callie just stared at the black woman, she could see her skin was soft and smooth, that she was filled with life and vitality. Callie had never seen such a tall and beautiful woman like her before, she was also confused.

"I'm not sure I understand sir," she said not taking her eyes from Lita, she couldn't. "Tobias," Lita said, "you are right, she is really beautiful, thank you." "Thank you?" Callie said. "I will take care of things from here Tobias, thank you," Lita told him. Tobias knew that was his que to go. He walked away a very happy man, he had had Callie all night, screwed her senseless, and now Lita would treat him splendidly when next time they were in bed, and not a penny spent. He walked away and out of the door.

Callie had no idea what was going on, but she was soon to find out. Lita took her wrist and pulled her upstairs. "Hang on," she said loudly while reaching the top. Lita gathered her in her arms and she was taken into the bedroom. She tugged the bow on Callie's dressing gown and took it off. "Get into bed Callie," she said, and pointed to it. Callie never moved until a flat hand landed on her left cheek, she was stunned into action. She got in quickly, she had learned from Tobias already to do as she was told or else.

Lita smiled at her and the sun dimmed, Callie had never seen such a sight. She made a point of undressing slowly, her silk attire sliding and floating away, it was about then the Callie realised what was going on. She stared at the graceful form before her, the high jutting breasts, the longest legs ever, her face so captivating, her feline grace was empowering. And above all, the shiny smooth satin like black skin. Callie collapsed inside, she was done for and she knew it.

Lita climbed in, Callie rolled obediently onto her back and Lita climbed over her. Callie was trapped, caught, and about to be done up like a kipper. "Now Callie," Lita said warmly, "I don't want any sort of trouble from you, you know why we are here. But just to recap, your husband has gone, Tobias has given you to me, I am now your official owner, although it will seldom feel like that. You may go and walk away whenever you want, but you will never come back. This is a onetime deal, you will accept it or deny it at your peril. Don't speak, nod if you understand."
