 This is a continuation of my Holiday Romance episode with Guy and Roget, it might be worthwhile reading that first. This does though stand on its own feet as story.

Let me know what you think

Cat

*

I'd kept in touch with Guy and Roget following my amazing holiday in France. That holiday when I'd met the two most beautiful young men I'd ever seen. That holiday when I'd ended up sharing their bed and they had so totally shared me. That holiday when I'd learned that Roget was gay and Guy was bisexual. That holiday when I'd broken Roget's virginity with women. That holiday when I was so completely unfaithful to my husband, but I didn't feel a moment's guilt. But then that is what holiday romances are like; you leave them and your guilt behind you.

As the three of us had cried ourselves to sleep laying naked in each others arms on the last night we had agreed that it had been simply one of those episodes in life that just happen. A one off, a not to be repeated adventure. There could be no future, we all knew that. I mean what future can there be between a forty plus year old married mother of two living just outside London and two twenty five year old young men living in Normandy? As I drove home, though, my mind was soaring and my imagination was running wild. Maybe they could come to Hertfordshire, live in a cottage and start a restaurant? I could help them financially. Or perhaps I could have them as 'kept men.' A bit like an Italian or French man's mistress. The lover pays the bills and the mistress delivers the sex, only in my case it would be a two way delivery. Perhaps I could pop over there or they could pop over here every couple of weeks or so, for surely that not totally satisfactory fuck on the last night when we all got a little pissed couldn't be the end, could it? Back in the sanctity and sanity of St Albans, my marriage of over twenty years, my family life, my social pursuits my feet came back to ground very quickly. It was behind me, not part of my real life and certainly no part of my future. Sure we kept in loose touch, the exchange of Christmas cards, the odd e-mail and the, very, infrequent phone call. That was how it should be. They had their young lives running the restaurant to get on with and I had my life to continue and my children to bring up, although with both at university I had littler involvement with that. They were adults now, they had flown the nest, they were no longer mine, they had their own lives to lead. There was no future, no involvement for two twenty five year old, sexuality wise rather mixed up men and an over forty woman. No matter how well we'd got on, no matter how amazing the sex had been and no matter at the sheer love we'd shown to each other it was in the past.

That is until Guy came on the phone and said they would be in London for a few days next month.

"Can we meet Cat please?" he asked.

In a couple of our e-mails we'd discussed meeting and I'd said I thought it best if was left in the past. They'd agreed so this call came as a bit of a bombshell.

"I thought we'd agreed about that Guy."

"Yes I know Cat but us being in London, so close to you and both of so wanting to see you, please, please say yes. Just a drink or dinner Cat," he, almost, begged, but then French men wouldn't know what begging was would they?

"Let me think about it," I said.

And I thought about little else for that evening and the next morning. I couldn't stop the memories of being with the two of them from flooding through me making me almost permanently aroused even as I cooked dinner for my two children who were home from uni. They were with me continually as we watched TV and they were still with me when I had sex with my husband that night for it wasn't Richard who was fucking me, but Guy and Roget.

Their youthful, tanned, lean bodies. Their brooding eyes and curly black hair. The tenderness and affection they showed me. The way that we all moved from being friends to lovers. I could see their two naked bodies in acute detail as without even knowing what was on I watched the TV screen or lay back and let Richard shag me. The slim, beautifully sculpted muscles of their chests and upper bodies, the sprinkling of dark hair on their chests, their flat stomachs and lean, taught thighs. And of course their long slim and so hard manhoods. The manhoods that had, in the end, given me so many thrills and such pleasure. 

The next night, when the children were back at college and Richard was god knows where entertaining clients of the corporate law practice of which e was a star, as I got ready for bed I couldn't stop myself from recalling them together undressing me, laying me on their bed and then both gently massaging me. Of their hands running up and down my back and over my bottom. Of them touching the sides of my breasts, just as I found myself doing as I got into bed. Of them turning me over and making love to my breasts for such a long time. Squeezing and cupping my large boobs exactly as I found myself doing now. Pinching the hardened nipples, "just like this," I said to myself mimicking Tommy Cooper, as my fingers found those rubbery tips. And of course I recalled their fingers, hands, mouths, tongues and erections doing to my pussy precisely what I was doing to it now, and that was orally, fingerwise and every other way, fucking it.

"Just for dinner." I said to Guy when he called the next day.

The next two weeks seemed to drag by. I continually wavered from really wanting to see them to wishing I'd said no. From thinking that I would let them take me to bed, for I had do doubt whatsoever that they'd try, to telling myself that was daft. From my body crying out to repeat that wonderful sex with them to my mind telling me no. From wanting desperately to rekindle the passion and affection we had in France to recognising that one can't go back. I just didn't want the complications, but I wanted them.

They were staying in one of those modern tourist hotels near Russell Square so we met at an Italian Restaurant in Southampton Row. The meal was very average by my standards so what it was by theirs I couldn't imagine. But it didn't matter. The food was irrelevant, the surroundings meaningless and the wine inconsequential. It was us that mattered. The three of us. The three of us being together was the focus of everything. The mood and atmosphere almost as soon as we sat down was as it had been in France. Loving, warm, tender and so heavily sexually charged that I found myself being amazed that the diners around us couldn't feel it. The sanctity and sanity of my 'normal' life, which had helped me overcome my need for them on returning from France, simply evaporated. All thoughts of my husband, my two grown up children and my social life disappeared. My entire being and world seemed to be sitting round that table in that rather poor restaurant.

We sat close together bent forward our faces almost touching as we whispered things about that holiday. We touched. Fingers on wrists, arms around my chair, shoulders brushing and knees pressed together. Their Gallic charm accompanied by the memories we all had worked. There was no way that this was 'just dinner.' There was no need for any discussion or persuasion on their part. They didn't need to cajole me into going back to their hotel for after no more than ten minutes or so together it became an inevitability. It became the most natural thing to do and it didn't need talking about.

"How long can you stay Cat?" Roget asked as we stood close together in their quite small bedroom that had, I noticed just one double bed.

"Richard is in New York so it doesn't matter."

"Ah marvellous," one of them said as they both put their arms round me. 

I can't remember who kissed me first but it doesn't matter for quickly my mouth was moving from one to the other as I swapped deep, lip grinding, tongue searching kisses with each of them.

"It's as though we've never been apart," one of them said as the other slid the zip down on the back of my dress.

"You are even more beautiful Cat than I remembered," Guy said as Roget slid the dress down my body and let it fall in a pool around my feet. I smiled to myself, but said nothing about Roget's homosexuality, which at the very least had after my visit to France turned into bisexuality.

"And in London Cat you dress even more sexily," one said as they saw the matching black bra, thong and lacy topped hold ups. I'd forgotten that in France I'd never worn stockings or tights and that I'd dressed very casually all the time I was there. But here in London, my home town, I'd gone the whole hog with my underwear; it was real underwear to be undressed in.

We were pressing our bodies together as they undressed me and kissed me. All the feelings I'd had in France returned and any doubts I'd had about being with them again simply faded away as they kissed and touched me. It was glorious to be with them again. I found my hands undoing their shirts. Pulling them from their trousers. Running my hands over their chests. They pulled away and, just as they had in France, they slipped their shirts off and I shuddered as I saw their bare, youthful chests and watched as they slid their trousers off. The bulges in their tight boxers were very obvious and my arousal grew as I watched them slide them down and my gaze fell on their youthful hardnesses. Long and slim and stunningly rigid their erections seemed to be beckoning to me. Attracting me and captivating me and completely exciting me. I wanted those erections, those hard male phalluses, those taught, throbbing young cocks. I took one in each hand shuddering as they gave me such lovely sensations.

They pulled me into their arms. I had one of them pressed against each of my hips as we again exchanged long deep kisses. I squirmed myself against them loving the feel of two erections slithering across and up and down my stomach and groins.

We were whispering telling each other how good it was to be doing this again with them saying how beautiful I was and me telling them that they were wonderful. 

"My two delicious toy boys," I smiled as one of them undid my bra. My full d cup breasts seemed to spring out at them as they were released from their captivity and immediately both of them cupped, squeezed and caressed the sensitive flesh. They simultaneously pinched my aching nipples then together bent their heads and took them in their mouths. My nipples are always sensitive. Having a mouth on them is always incredible. Having two mouths on them at the same time is just mind blowing for me.

"Oh God, oh yes," I whimpered my hands finding both of their heads and my fingers running through their thick, black locks. As they continued with their mouths on my breasts sucking large areas of flesh into them and chewing so sensitively on my nipples so I adoringly rubbed their faces, shoulders and chests. I desperately wanted to hold their erections but standing as they sucked my breasts, I couldn't reach. One of their hands found my pussy and began stroking and pressing that while another caressed the cheeks of my bottom before sliding between them and pressing right on my anus. I was being caressed and aroused on every one of my most female places at the same time; it was an amazing combination of feelings and it sent my arousal through the roof. 

"Oh Guy, oh Roget," I moaned as my climax started. "I'm cumming, I'm cumming."

"Yes Cat, cum for us let us make you cum. Cum for us."

I was now moaning and squirming my body against them. I was pressing my breasts against their mouths willing them to suck me harder. I was pressing my pussy against their hands trying to gain even more sensations and pleasure from their fingers. And I got that. They knew, or sensed, what I wanted and they sucked harder, both on the flesh of each breast and the hard nipples, and they pressed their fingers harder and deeper into me. I could feel that now there were two sets of fingers on my pussy. Two hands were arousing my lips. Hands were on and around it, one from the front and one from behind. Fingers, the number of which I couldn't tell, were stroking and pressing me. Sliding along my lips, pressing my clit and slithering inside me. At last I managed to get to their erections or, they presented them to me. They felt so good in my hands and I started pumping them and pressing them against the softness of my belly. I was being kissed by each of them alternately as wave after wave of sensational feelings flooded over me. And like that standing in the middle of their bedroom they made me cum. They made me cum by two mouths sucking my tits, two hands caressing my pussy and two sets of, probably, six straightened fingers probing deep into my cunt. "Jesus," I sighed as I lay against them as my orgasm subsided. "You two are too much for an old lady," I smiled kissing both of them and saying, "Thank you Guy, thank you Roget."

They laid me on the bed and I went to take my knickers off but Guy said.

"No please leave them on Cat."

"They and your stockings are so sexy we want to make love to you with them on," Roget muttered.

I laughed and joked back to them at the unintentional double entendre.

"If you want to make love to me with them on then I'll have to take them off won't I?

The nuances of the English language baffled them until I explained that the way Roget had said we want to make love to you with them on could be interpreted as meaning the panties and stockings would be on them. They both laughed with me as I explained that and said.

"But hey whatever turns you on right?"

Laughing Roget said as he ran his fingertips across my still hardened nipple. "What do you think we are a couple of faggots?" I was pleased the topic was on the table, well more on the bed really, I thought as I raked my fingernails up and down the two cocks and pairs of balls. "How are things in that area?" I asked gripping both erections. Roget thrust his in my hand. "Amazing, I am cured Cat, you are such a doctor" he joked. I laughed. So you go with girls too now?" "Yes, but Guy and I are still together" he said reaching over me and stroking his male lover's chest. "Would it turn you on Cat?"

"What?"

"Seeing us in your panties and stockings?"

I'd forgotten that they'd spent most of their adult life as gays and it struck me that perhaps they had some experience of wearing women's clothes. I'm not very up on what gay men do. But somehow the idea of putting my panties on them did appeal. Why? I have no idea but the image in my mind of seeing them in them gave me a surge of arousal.

"Hold on a sec," I said getting up and going to my handbag.

"See how organised I am," I smiled holding up a black thong, "always be prepared is my motto." Whenever I go out and there's the possibility of having sex I usually take a clean pair of panties with me.

Moving back to the bed I sat on the side of it and looking at them both I said fairly thickly, for I was becoming quite excited at the prospect.

"Not so sure on the stockings."

They both stared at me for a moment or two as my action in getting the spare pair and my last comment sunk in.

"Are you sure Cat?" Roget said softly his eyes quite gleaming as he looked at me.

"Yes, yes I am," I replied.

I took the panties I was wearing off and, holding a pair in each hand, I leaned forward and ran the silk and lace across their erections. The feeling of their hardness through the silk was lovely and they both groaned as I caressed their rigid cocks with my black panties. I ran the luxuriant material between their thighs pressing it between the cheeks of their bums and wrapping it around their balls. Feeling two scrotums in my hands at the same time was a wonderfully thrilling sensation and seeing them covered with the silk of my underwear added even more to that.

"Put them on," I croaked wondering a bit at just what we were doing.

Between us we slid the panties up their legs and fitted them around their genitals. Inevitably their erections were too large to be fully covered by the thongs and the sight of my flimsy panties bulging with the swells of their erection was amazing. I leaned forward my breasts grazing their legs and reached up so that I could run my fingers along their partly hidden and partly visible lengths.

"Oh God, yes, yes Cat," Guy moaned his hand gripping Roget's wrist.

"This is wonderful," Roget sighed his hand falling on Guy's thigh.

I knew they still lived and slept together so I wasn't worried of rejection when I took their hands and slowly moved them towards the other's panty covered cock. As I placed them there so I saw both bodies jerk and immediately the fingers eagerly, it seemed, wrapped themselves around the other's erection inside my panties. 

I've always found it exciting to see a man masturbate or even just caress himself there but to see two of them doing that to each other was incredible. I joined in. And as Roget stroked Guy's cock so I caressed his balls through the silk and as Guy rubbed the tip of Roget's prick so I ran my fingers up and down his length.

They pulled me between them and they both half laid on me squashing my breasts and pressing their erections into my tummy. Feeling those delicious bulges covered in the smooth silk on my bare skin and my mound was sensational. I kissed them both alternately as my hands reached round them squeezing and rubbing their taught, muscular arses. I squirmed away from them indicating for them to lie on their fronts. I stared at the slithers of silk snaking downward between the cheeks of their taught bottoms and found that to be a very stirring sight. I've always been fascinated by my lover's arses and seeing two before me with my panties on them was amazing. I wanted to love those four cheeks, rub them, kiss them and lick between them following the path set by the panties.

As I ran my fingers over the two gorgeous rumps so I saw that they'd turned their faces towards each other.

"Oh Cat," Guy moaned as I saw his hand slip round Roget and caress his waist.

"This is amazing," Roget sighed as his face moved closer to Guy's and as his hand reached out and stroked the other man's arm.

They turned onto their sides facing each other one of their hands reaching out for me the other for their friend. They pressed their erections together and I saw the two panty covered cocks merge into one as they squirmed their hardnesses together. 

I moved so that I was kneeling above their heads on the bed. I ran my hands down in between them across their lithe chests and over their breasts squeezing them and pinching their nipples just as they had to me. Bending my head I kissed them both. As they were on their sides and I was above them I couldn't kiss them fully on their lips so I kissed and licked their cheeks and the edges of their lips. As I did that their hands reached up for my breasts that were hanging down over their faces. They squeezed and caressed my two dangling tits that due to my kneeling position seemed to be so large and soft. 

I firstly kissed them one after the other and then, by pushing their faces even closer together, both at the same time. Our faces were merging together. Our heads were becoming one. Our lips were so close together, they were touching. Three pairs of lips kissing at the same time. Three pairs of lips kissing as one. As I kissed them and as they kissed me back so they were also kissing each other. I could see their tongues on the others lips and between them and I could feel them on my lips and on my tongue as well. All three tongues were pressing together as this mutual lovemaking continued on its unexpected journey. A journey that I found so exciting. A journey that had gone so much further even than the amazing ones we'd been on together in France.

I guess they were now less inhibited about displaying their sexual feelings for each other. I assumed that my agreement to them donning my panties had loosened them up and had made them realise that I wouldn't be offended by their overtly gay gestures and actions. I hadn't realised that I wouldn't be put off by it. I'd never seen men kiss and the thought of it prior to this would have held little or no appeal for me. I wouldn't say that I'd have been disgusted or anything but, if asked, I would have probably said that I wouldn't find it either appealing or exciting. But being so involved with it, being part of it, being involved with them kissing, being with them as they did that was amazing. It did appeal to me and it did excite me.
