 We were complete without energy and as it was last day we decided to go to SPA and use some services we left on a side. We got to reception and start to read a brochure.

"I would like to go to the sauna, " said Rosie, but neither I or Jane wanted to go.

"For me, the only thing I can accept now is a nice gentle massage. Look it says -hot massage! What is that?" I asked a receptionist.

"It is like normal massage just also work on some more private parts." she returned.

"Private parts! " I said to Jane, "That is something for us!"

So Rosie went to sauna while the two of us went to massage. Showers were separated by sex so we split and took showers and meet in nice, low light and nice music massage ambient just in the towel. Mine was around my heaps while Janes was like a nice very short dress from breasts to just over her beautiful buttocks.

I could not resist to pull her into a hug and reach under the towel. My hands fit perfectly on it. She did return to me by reaching to my dick. We were kissing and playing with each other not even noticed that our massage therapists entered.

"Khm, khm!" coughed a small Asian girl in white t-shirt and short skirt. Really small, for sure not too much over 150cm but not skinny as I could notice. She had dark long hairs and beautiful face with big brown eyes.

"My name is Li and I'll be your massage therapist today, " she said and invited me to massage table.

"My name is Liam, " I introduced myself on the way and offered her mine hand.

She lowered the table so she could easy reached me. Meanwhile, the other therapist (she introduced herself as Helen) did the same with Jane. Helen was not Asian but she was also a tiny girl. Not as Li but still smaller than Jane. We both were on our belly and girls covered our buttocks with small blue towels.

I was enjoying as it really was relaxing. 

"If you agree I can massage your buttocks also, " asked Li and logical I agreed.

She removed the towel from me and start to massage perfect buttocks. At least Jane says it is. She likes my body especially for last year as I do work out at least 3 times per week and really has shaped my body. Six-pax abs, very muscled arms and the rest of the body. Lifting over 100kg on workout really made me shaped.

Li massaged not only buttocks but also reached down to my balls and back over my ass hole. Every time she took my balls in her hand I was more and more away from a relaxing massage. I peek to see what's happening with Jane and I saw she was without towel also.

I noticed Helen keeps her hand between Janes' legs all the time and I knew that have some reason behind. Al that actually turned me on and when Li asked me to turn around I felt a little uncomfortable as my dick was standing like a good soldier.

"What we have here? " she said and put her oiled hand on my dick. "Don't worry Sir, I will take care for that!"

"You will?" I said and turn to Jane like asking her what should I do.

She was on her back and Helen played with her breasts with one hand and with her pussy with other. She looked at me and just blinked with her eyes. I knew that was yes for everything that is about to happen.

Li massaged my body and jerk my dick every now and then just enough to keep me really hard and too little to finish. When she started to suck it and jerk it with her both arms feeling was simply indescribable.

I think Jane also enjoyed as Helen was eating her pussy and fucked her with fingers. Jane repositioned herself so Helen had all on the reach. I saw she licked her good and fucked both, her pussy and ass with fingers. I knew Jane like to be treated that way.

Li continue with that blow job and I thought she will do that until I finish. But she stopped and undress.

She had amazing body figure. Small but truly perfect body shape. Perfect breasts, absolutely hairless pussy and hard small buttocks. She gave me one more moment of sucking and then from somewhere she took a condom. 

"If you wish sir, I can relief that pressure inside you!"

"Yes, please do so!" I returned.

She put it on fast and in next moment she was on the table. I realised how small she actually is. She set on me so my dick was between her legs just in front of her pussy and belly. Dicks' head was way higher over her belly tentacle where a nice piercing found its place.

She rubs her pussy with my dick and then lifts her over its head. She starts to lower her body. 

"Girl are you sure you want that?" I asked when to start to feel pressure on my dick.

Li did not say anything just kept pressing down. I put my hand to her pussy and she really was wet, she wanted to be fucked. Then it happened. Dick slid into her tight, so fucking tight pussy that I felt like I fuck a virgin. 

"Uhh Sir, your dick is huge!"

"Not really just your pussy is so tight!"

"Ahh, you fill me so well! Ahh, that feels like....AAAA AAAA," she could not talk when she lower herself down to my balls. 

She starts to round with her heaps and it really was something I never ever felt before. 

"Girl I never had it in so tight pussy! Ahh, that feel so good! Fuck me, girl!"

"Yeah, yeah, aah... " she moaned.

I turned my head to see Jane as sounds of joy were coming from her direction also. She was half standing, half lying with one leg on a floor while Helen was fisting her pussy with hers small hand. Jane enjoyed being filled to last space.

I liked that view a lot. 

Li stopped for a moment and I asked her to hold me around the neck while I'll stand up. She was so lightweight that it was really easy for me standing and lifting her up and down on my dick. I felt her already tight pussy start to squeeze my dick even more. I speed up lifting her over full dicks length.

"Yesss, fuck me deep! Fuck my horny pussy! Fuck me, Sir!!" I felt how her wet flew on my legs and in next moment she gave me a kiss, so deep so strong. She needs it to avoid screaming when orgasm was running through her blood.

I let her down on her legs. She turned around and lean on a massage table. 

"Fuck me! " she ordered, "I want more!"

I aimed it at her pussy and pushed. I felt how I hit vagina end but she did not care so, wasn't I.

"Oh, girl you are so tight! Hold on now! Now you will see what fuck really mean!"

I lift her both legs so she was on the table with chest and belly and I got really good access to fuck her deep and strong. I fucked her with full length and power.

I took it out and reenter with all strength. Out and in. Stretching her pussy with every reentering. Every time she was shaken from joy. Once I slip and my dicks head ended in her ass. She screamed in a towel and I wanted to take it out, but she instantly holds me to prevent to do that.

"It's ok!It's ok!Yes! YESS!" she said and kept holding my leg. "Fuck my ass, sir, please!"

So I did. I fucked her tight ass. I felt something was tearing and I relly had a feeling I'll tear her ass. She was so tight I was not able to fuck her long. She bites the towel while I made few last strong pushes down to my balls. I felt how my dick exploded like a volcano, I felt, even more, heat on my dick. I left her legs to the floor. 

She had to stand on her toes as my dick was still deep, deep in her ass. She put her hand back on my head and said, "That was amazing sir! Can we meet again? In some better place?"

"I think that would not be possible. You see that girl, on the table? The one that just finished? That's my girlfriend! I'm not sure if she would like it."

I took it out from her ass and sperm dripped on the floor. What I felt was a tearing condom. She smiled and wiped her ass and legs with a towel. Together we stepped to Jane and Helena. I kissed all girls and Helena and Li dressed back.

Li took a chemical and wrote her phone number on my hand. "Just in case you will find it possible!" she said and left the room.

Rosie already waited for us in reception. A handsome guy was with her and she introduced him as Peter. I knew from her look she had much more than just nice sauna time.

On the way home, she started to talk.

"That guy was great! We never got to the sauna. He ate my pussy gently and then..then he fucked me so damn good! His dick was just standing and standing!" 

"We also had a good time, " said Jane. "Must admit I'm a little sad that is week is over."

"I have his number, " said Rosie, "Perhaps I should call him to join us in the evening for some fun!"

I looked Jane and she said a little sad, "I don't have Helen's phone number."

"Perhaps Li knows how to reach her. Perhaps they both could come and we can really make a crazy end of this week!" I said and I saw those naughty sparks in Janes eyes that were simply said yes, so I called Li.

"Hello Li, Liam here. We were talking about and I wonder if you would be interested in joining us on an evening party at our apartment house?"

"I thought I would never see you again! I will come for sure!"

"Excellent! You think it is possible for Helen to come you?"

"I'll call her and I think we both will come!"

"Need to ask you if I can invite some handsome guy to join to make it even more interesting?"

"I don't mind. More of us better will be!"

"Good! Please came at about 20. We are in house number 257. See you!"

"Bye!"

I told the rest that she will come and most probably Helen also. Meanwhile, Rosie called Peter and he said he will come also.

We stopped at the shop and buy some drinks and I also bought Monopol game, "I have an idea how we will play!" 

Then all was crazy at the house. Girls were running all over the house and as I expected they dressed the same and with the famous shoes. Even for me, it was hard to distinguish which one is Jane. 

I removed chairs from living room and set up pillows so we all could sit around the low club table in the centre.

The doorbell was rung and it was Peter. I invited him in and offered a welcome drink, blueberries on brandy. 

When girls came to say hello he was just standing there and watched them.

"God damn! Which one are you Rosie?" he asked.

"Is it important at all?" I asked before any girl could answer him.

We smiled, sit around the table and start to chat. Soon the doorbell rung again.

I went to open doors and let the girls in. Both looked exceptional also dressed in short skirts and nice shoes. I noticed none of them had a bra. I passed a welcome drink and Li kissed me like we were a couple of years. They had a bottle of brandy with them.

In the living room, they introduced to Peter and we all sit on the pillows.

"Welcome to our small house!" I said and continue, "We gathered here today to make some fun. Only one rule we need to obey and that is all is allowed that we all agree!"

We all laughed, drank a small drink and I started to talk.

"I prepared a game for us. As you see there is a Monopol game on the table. Each one will get three possession cards. When someone gets to a land owned by someone else that person must undress something. Shoes are excluded and can stay on. " 

"You like shoes a lot!" said Li, "I would put much higher heels on if I knew!"

"Those are o.k. Li! If that person has nothing on than the owner define a penalty what that person should do. The penalty can include the owner, somebody else or just that person!"

"What if we get on a field not owned by anybody?" asked Helen.

"If you get on such field you can be happy and pass the dices to next player. As you can see we also have a toy box. I believe there is no nee to point out that toys are for usage not just watching!"

"Nice toys!" said Li and took a big black dildo out to show it to Helen.

We started to play. First Rosie entered my land and she took off her shirt so we could all watch her I would say a little too small bra. I was the next and also put down the shirt.

Few rounds later Helen has ended just in shoes so we all got another great view. She noticed we all looked her.

"You like the view? Don't worry you will join me soon!" she said, opened wide her legs and showed us her wet pussy.

I was the next that was naked and got on Rosies land. She only had panties on. 

"Come to me and lick my pussy!" she said and moved panties away from her flower.

"Your wish is my command!" I said and my tongue passed her pink pussy skin in next moment. 

"Enough! Take your seat now!" 

In next round, neither of us had anything left to undress. All girls were just amazing but I must admit Li was the one attracted me the most. The memory from early that day, fucking her tight pussy and ass was so life. 

I think that was clear to others also as always when she had to take a penalty they directed her to me and vice versa.

Same was with other couples. Jane and Helen, Peter and Rosie. Seems we found some connections for that night.

Rosie came on my land.

"Go and sit on Peters hard dick! But no movement allowed! You sit there until your next move!" was her penalty this time.

Then I got to Peters land and Li started to move to me before Peter could say anything.

"Yes, Li, go and sit on Liam's dick!" he said and laugh.

Without throwing a dice Helen said, "Jane I don't have a dick but I do know how to lick!" 

Then she grabbed her legs, open them and positions her head just over her pussy. Jane laid back and at that moment it was clear the Monopol game has finished.

Li started to move on my dick and as I could see Rosie did the same. I put a hand on Li's clit and used the other hand to play with her breast. She moved slowly. Damn, I really liked that tight pussy moves.

Then she stood up and lift her leg on my shoulder. I got her pussy right on my tongue and licked her gently. My two fingers slid into her and made her joy increased. 

Then she set herself on all four offering me her pussy and ass to play but I got a different idea.

"Use your hand to support yourself as I'll lift your legs," I said and put both her legs on my shoulders. She crossed them behind my head and I slowly stand up. She was so lightweight that this was easy. I felt her breasts on my belly, hard standing, excellent shape and just right size breasts.

She was hanging from with her face right at my dick and her pussy just at my mouth. I hold her and start to lick her in that position. She returned me with jerking and sucking my dick.

"Hmm, ahhh! You eat me so well! Ahhhh! Yes!" she moaned without stopping playing with my dick. I noticed Peter was on his back and twins was fucking him. Girls were changing, one was riding his hard standing dick while the other kept her pussy against his head to be licked. Girls were kissing all the time.

I just want to ask where is Helen when she came to us and start caressing Li's back up to her ass and pussy in front of my eyes. She started to finger fuck Li's pussy while I was licking her clit. She approached with one of the dildos and aimed it at her pussy.

I kept licking her when she gently starts to push it in. Amazing view from that perspective. I licked while she was fucking her. Li could not jerk my dick anymore. 

"Ahhhhhh! I'll cum! I'll cum!" she started to repeating.

I thought the two of us will fuck her like this till she finishes but Helen had different plans. She took dildo from Li's wet pussy and move it to her ass.

"Yeeesss! Ahhhhh! Do that! You two fuck me so good!" she said when dildo entered her ass.

That view sends all my blood to my dick. Watching dildo stretching her ass while she finger fucked her pussy. Amazing!

"Girl we will do that to you forever!" I said and return to eating her pussy. She did not need long when her first orgasm this evening came. Perhaps Janes finish screaming also had some influence but she almost fell from me.

I laid her on her back on a sofa. Helen left dildo in her ass and returned to me. She gets on her knees and starts to suck my dick.

"Let me continue! " she said and start to jerk my dick with both hands. 

Meanwhile, Rosie just offered her ass to Peters dick. A part of me want to be in his position but the other part knew I'll get my share of joy with Li and Helen also.

Helen raised and whisper in my ear while still jerking my dick, "I want something extra, something different!"

"That I can do! As I said before, girls wish is my command!"

I lifted her on a kitchen desk.

"Lift your both legs on my shoulder, just with foot, not whole legs! Now hold on for my neck!" 

She did as I asked and I lifted her from a desk. My dick was at her pussy and when I lowered her it gets deeper and deeper into her.

"Ohh your pussy is so hot and wet! Really so tight!" 

"Uh, you like it? You like that squeezing your huge dick?"

"Yes!" was all I could say and lower her down to my balls.

"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa! Fill my pussy, yes, fill my pussy!"

I start to lift her up and down on my dick. Every time I lifted her, her breasts came to my mouth so I could kiss and lick them or bite gently her nipples. 

I speed up lifting a little. I did lift her and then just drop her to fall on my dick. She screamed every time I did that. I felt I'm stretching her pussy to the limits. Suddenly I felt a hand on my buttocks. It was Li. She came and start to kiss me. She gets on her knees and licked my balls. I lifted Helen of dick and Li took it in her mouth to suck it a little. Then she set it back at Hellen's pussy.

Then she stands up and said to Hellen, "I'll give you a little joyful revenge for before!" 

She went back on her knees and licked from Helen's pussy to her ass without my need to stop. 

It was clear to me and to Helen that she will fuck her ass with a dildo. And she did. I felt how the whole area was stretching when huge black dildo she oiled before entered Helen's ass.

"Aaaaaaaa, Yesssssssss!! Fuuuuuuck! That is so good! You fuck me so good!"

I moved her few times slow and then just drop her. It was amazing fucking her like that and she really had all the joy she ever imagined. 

"I'm cumming! I'm cumming! I'm cumming! I'm cumming! I'm cumming! I'm cumming! " she was repeating all the time and then she did cum.

There is no way to describe how strong she cum. She bites her lips so strong to prevent screaming too loud that blood came out. I made few more strokes and then I put her on pillows. 

I saw Rosie had Peters dick deep in her ass while Jane used a dildo to fuck her pussy. She kept her ass and pussy just on the reach and I could not help myself not to go there and give her pussy a few really strong strokes. I fucked her like that When Rosie finished and we repositioned a little.

"I want you two both to fuck me!" said Jane and turned with her back to Peter.

She set Peters dick on her ass and I set mine to her pussy. 

She put her hand over my neck and gave me a kiss, "Fuck me, my dear! Fuck me hard!"

Saying that she lower herself on Peters dick and I start to fuck her pussy. As many times this week, it was simply amazing. I saw my girl losing her mind from being fucked by two hard standing dicks that were stretching her holes to the limits. 

"Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes!" she said with every our push. 

I used my hand and play with her clit and then she cum. I felt how her pussy contraction, her body pulses, I felt she pee from losing whole control. 

Few more strokes and Peter finished in her ass. 

"Sorry I could not take it out, I could not take it out!" he said and Jane put finger on his lips.

"It's o.k., It was amazing! Thank you, both!"

Helen, Li and Rosie played with other toys, licking each other in a kind of triangle of love. Li left them and came to me.

"Now it is my turn! Now I want you to be mine!"

She pushed me back on a sofa and sit on my dick. We fall in so deep kiss I did not know It is possible. And then she starts to move. Up and down, back and front, circle.

"You are amazing Li!"

"I'm glad you called me, " she whispered in my ear, "I really want you to fuck me, to fuck me well!"
