 // Dedicated to LEAGEL, my wonderful editor//



My name is of no importance. In this story I wasn't the hero, I wasn't even an extra. Yes, it is true that I had a part in this play. But for me the most important thing was to be there and to let it all happen. 

My wife Anastasia and I live in Denmark. I work in an international technology company. She is a scientist, a researcher in the university. We are both in our 40's. 

Anastasia is what many may consider a classic Russian beauty. A tall brunette with great almond shaped, brown eyes. If you look carefully at the shape of her face, you can tell that some of her remote ancestors had a taste for the women of the orient. Her soft, olive skin beautifully covers a full developed musculature. Like a good Russian wife Anastasia takes good care of her body. She is merciless when it comes to extra pounds, and diets with an iron will while maintaining a regimen of regular exercise.  

So it was no wonder that many young guys turned their heads, as we walked to the pool of our hotel in Orlando, Florida. Large sunglasses covered her eyes, but everybody could note her broad, self-conscious smile, while she padded, slowly like a big, dangerous cat, stunning in her tight bikini. She always enjoyed such visible admiration. But as alluring as she seemed, between her perky breasts hung, like a warning sign, a golden cross. A Russian lady can be very coquettish, but it doesn't mean that she is an easy prey. I had never had a reason to be jealous about Anastasia, because I know that her eye-catching appearance was part of her game. She let men look at her, but never gave them any hope. Besides, she was a good Orthodox, so the cross wasn't just a decoration. She believes that matrimony is sacred. No flirting, just display! And if admirers didn't understand, she would give me a long kiss displaying her tongue provocatively. 

So sorry, boys! 

We jumped into the warm, clear water and swam together for more than half an hour before taking a seat at the pool side. Anastasia's nipples rose visibly in her bikini top as we enjoyed Florida sun after a long, dark northern winter.

I was in Orlando to attend a large annual conference. Because of the end of the academic year, Anastasia was able to leave her students and come with me to America, a country that is always interesting for a Russian. I had a presentation in the conference, but Anastasia could walk around in Orlando, go shopping, take sunbath and swim.

While walking back to our room after swimming, I noticed a very familiar face. 

"Tim, is it you?" I said, when I noticed an old American colleague, who seemed just have gotten his keys and was waiting for the bell service to come. 

When Tim recognized me, he burst out heartily laughing and hugged me cordially. 

"Wow, good to see you after long time. Are you here for the conference too?"

"Yes. I guess I should have checked beforehand to see if you were coming too. But there always seems to be too much to do in the office," I said. 

"But hey, we're in the same hotel," Tim said.

"Oh, Tim, this is Anastasia, my wife. Anastasia, this is Tim, a great friend and fine software engineer".

"I had heard that your wife was beautiful, but I have to say, even that was an understatement."

"Thank you, Tim. You are too kind," Anastasia said smiling. 

The bellhop came to fetch Tim's luggage. We made note of each other's room numbers and decided to meet in an hour for lunch in the hotel's restaurant.

In our room Anastasia undressed, and begin to select clothes. 

"I want to look pretty. I want you to be proud of me", she said.

"Anastasia, neither Tim nor I want you to worry about your looks. We are friends. And besides, you look great." 

"But I want to be polite to Tim. I know he is a good man. I remember you talking about him."

Yes, Anastasia remembered what I had told her about Tim. When I was working some years ago in the USA, Tim was an excellent mentor and great friend. Besides that, I admired his quick, analytical mind. We never get bored together, because we had the same taste in music.

"I don't want him to believe that I don't respect him because he is cherny . " She used a Russian word for black people.

Although Anastasia had lived in Europe for four years, and she had African students, she couldn't take an African-American entirely neutrally. In Russia there are strong prejudices against black people, and sometimes Anastasia was a bit too careful with the issue.

"Darling, we are in Florida. It is no issue that he is African-American. In other parts of America it might be. But for me he is just Tim, a trusted friend. Just relax."

"Okay, but I want Tim to think I'm pretty!" 

Anastasia said with a sharp tone. When she wanted to do something, she did. I knew her well enough to let her do exactly as she likes

. 

"Tim had no ring. Do you know if he is still alone?" Anastasia's memory was sharp. She remembered that two years ago Tim had called to tell me that his wife, Cathleen, had died in a car accident. It had been a shock to me, because Tim really loved his wife. Anastasia recalled that memory.

"I don't know," I said. "Maybe he'll say something about it at lunch."

Anastasia wore a short, black and blue silk dress. When I told her that her bra straps were visible from the back, she took the bra off. 

At lunch, we talked for a long time about mutual friends. I told Tim about our life in Denmark and how happy we were. Tim then mentioned that he was still alone. 

"I'm happy to be away from home, because I miss Cathleen so much when I'm there"

"It is not good for a man to be alone," Anastasia said. 

"You are a handsome, intelligent man. Besides that, you seem to be very kind. I know lots of women, who would like to have a man like you," Anastasia said.

"Thanks, Anastasia. But you know... it's not so easy to find someone to love. But I'm happy that your spouse has a good wife!" Tim said smiling sadly.

Anastasia took Tim's big hand in her hand. Her gentle Russian heart began to beat. 

"Promise me, Tim! Promise me to go out and try. If you don't take an initiative, you never find anybody. You are a good man!"

Tim smiled to Anastasia, and said with a low voice, that he promised to do that – someday. 

"Come with us tonight, Tim! I don't want that you sit alone in the hotel!" Anastasia said. "Let's go to the town and have a good time."

"Anastasia, it is a wonderful idea," I said. "What do you think, Tim?" 

Time grinned. "That lady makes it impossible to say no! Can we meet at 7 o'clock in the lobby bar?"

"He is a good man!" Anastasia said, while finishing her makeup for the evening. "He really loved his wife!"

"Yeah, that's true", I said. "I'm glad you think Tim's a nice person and enjoy his company. I was afraid that you'd get bored with us."

"Not at all," Anastasia said. "He is very cultivated man, and he knows how to listen, too. Very few men actually know that skill!" she said with a little sarcastic tone. I knew it was meant for me.

When Anastasia applied her favorite perfume between her breasts, she said "And Tim is so handsome."

"Have you ever had a black lover?" I asked Anastasia. 

"Of course not! How could you imagine that I could have a cherny in Russia? And now I'm married with you! And it is absolutely vulgar to talk about old lovers when you are married? Ponimayesh?"

"It was a joke," I said

"But if I had met a man like Tim before you... Well, let's change topic. I don't like to talk about this", she said.

At 7 o'clock we met in the bar and took a taxi to downtown Orlando. Tim had reserved a table for us in a seafood restaurant. It was a good evening. We talked and laughed. Tim told great stories about his youth and college years, and Anastasia cheered him up by telling about her life in Russia. I had heard all those stories many times, and interrupted the conversation only to ask Tim to fill in some of the details.

After dinner we went to a night club. We had drunk some Chardonnay with our meal and we were all in high spirits, eager to dance. Unfortunately there were just few couples in the club at that time of the evening. I danced the first dance with my wife, and then suggested that Anastasia have the next dance with Tim.

I had a glass of beer in front of me, and I watched Anastasia and Tim, and how they danced together. He was a foot taller than she, somewhat muscular but not overly built. I always like to watch Anastasia dancing. It is like a second nature to her. This particular evening, she seemed to have an especially good time with Tim. 

When they danced the tango together, I imagined Anastasia without clothes. It was a strange idea, I thought, to have a fantasy of your wife dancing naked with a friend. But I let my thoughts continue. 

They would be a beautiful couple in bed, I thought. Those bodies would work well together in the bedroom, too. In spite of the jet lag, I began to feel an erection.

It didn't take long before Tim brought Anastasia back to the table smiling.

"Anastasia is a great dancer, but I need to rest a little. Besides, I want to talk with you. Let's move some place where we can talk."

Anastasia didn't want to dance anymore, and we decided to return to the hotel bar to have a night cap. Tim told us that this had been a very happy evening, but that it was time to him to go to bed. It was nearly 12 o'clock PM. I persuaded him to have another whisky, because I wasn't so sleepy. 

When Anastasia went to the rest room, Tim asked, if it was ok with me that he and my wife danced so much together. 

"I really don't want to cause any problems between me and you or between you and your wife". 

I laughed and said that everything was fine. I was glad that Anastasia had a new friend.

"You don't believe how much this means to me," Tim said seriously. I have missed so much the touch of a woman, that gentleness Anastasia has shown to me. It is like medicine to me. I have been so down... " 

I understood what Tim meant. While he could be an ice cold businessman, there was a big, gentle and soft spot in his soul. He was sensitive without being sentimental. And this vulnerability made it hard to him to seek out a new girlfriend. 

I was quite touched by Tim's sincere words. He tried to thank me, but just then Anastasia came back to the table. 

"Tim has said some very kind words about you," I said to Anastasia. 

"He is a kind man by his nature." 

Tim took me and Anastasia by the hand and said: "It has always been very easy to talk with you, and I feel the same with Anastasia. Thank God we have plenty of time before you return back to Denmark." 

When we said good night Anastasia gave Tim a kiss on the mouth – "Like in Russia", she said. Tim was surprised, but hugged my wife gently, and gently stroked her hair when thanking her for everything. 

"I hope that you are not jealous," Anastasia said, when we went to bed. 

"Not at all! You know I'm not that kind of man."

"Good,... I found Tim very attractive, but I'm your wife", she said.

Then she slipped close to my side and kissed me, took my dick in her hand and began to masturbate me.

"I want you, darling", she said. "I'm so horny tonight."

I was ready in just a few seconds, and I put my fingers into her pussy. It was wet, and I entered her quickly. She grabbed me with her arms and let her pelvis move. In fact, she fucked me. She moaned like a cat when the orgasm came and her warm, wet pussy gripped my dick.

In the morning we went to swim. The Florida sun was shining, our spirits were high, and after swimming we decided to rest by the pool. When Tim appeared in his swimming shorts, we invited him to join us.

Anastasia's skin was wet from the tan cream and drops of water, and it was hard for Tim not to stare at her breasts. Her erect nipples were clearly visible through the bikini.

"You are stunning, Anastasia!" Tim said smiling with some embarrassment. 

I think that Anastasia had noticed his visible erection through swimming shorts, while Tim tried to find a position that wouldn't show off too much of his swollen dick. Anastasia bit her lip and touched my hand.

"Do you love me?" she asked in Russian. 

"I love you, darling."

"It is cold here, I don't feel well," Anastasia said shivering. "Let's go back to our room."

I explained the situation to Tim and Anastasia and I hurried back to our room. 

In the hotel room she began to cry. 

"I want to fly back to Copenhagen!" she said. "I don't like Orlando!"

"Darling, you know it isn't possible for me to leave yet. I still have the conference to attend."

"I have a horrible feeling that something awful is going to happen if I stay."

"Is it Tim?" I asked.

"I'm not a slut, you know me!" she said with tears in her eyes. "Fuck me now, fuck me hard"

I held her in my arms and kissed her mouth. Then, I took a firm grip of the back of her neck and gently but firmly pushed her slowly to the hotel carpet until she was on all fours. I undressed Anastasia as she sobbed and talked to her gently in Russian. I let my hand slip from her neck to her back, and then caressed her back and then, her buttocks. She was shivering slightly, when I asked her.

"Are you thinking about Tim?" I asked.

"Yes,... forgive me!"

I caressed her cheek and breast very gently, and asked kindly: "Do you want to be my prostitutka?"

"Yes."

"I love you!" I said and took a firm grip from her hair. She moaned when I dragged her gently by the hair.

The golden cross around her neck swung rhythmically with her breasts when I began to fuck Anastasia from behind. She kept her eyes closed, panting heavily.

"Imagine this is Tim," I said

"I'm only a whore," she moaned, "Fuck me hard" 

She had an ecstatic orgasm and lay powerless on the carpet.

"If you want to make love to Tim, I have no objections," I said. 

"I don't want to betray you."

"It's not a betrayal, if I'm present. I'll talk with Tim, if you want."

"Oh, I'm so confused. Let me think."

It was 9 am, and I had to hurry to the conference without eating breakfast. Anastasia, still naked, kissed me warmly and hugged me, as I rushed out of the door. 

During lunch at the conference, I had a chance to talk with Tim. At first he was a little shy with me. He is no fool, and understood that I had noticed his affection for Anastasia. Eventually, though, he got his confidence back. 

"Anastasia likes you very much," I said. "Would you like to spend this night with us, too?"

Tim was delighted, but wanted to know, if it really was okay to me, too.

"I don't know how to put it. Anastasia is very... attractive to me," he said.

"I'm very glad about that," I said.

"But I'm a little afraid, that things would develop... too physical," he said. "I don't want to endanger our friendship."

Tim looked me very serious. I smiled and said "Don't worry. I think that a little physicality between you and her is not a bad thing. And I don't think she would mind it either. She finds you very attractive."

Tim cut a piece of his steak slowly. "Are you saying that she is interested in me, as a man? And you don't mind it?" he said.

"I think that you understood precisely what I said. Let's meet at the lobby bar 8 o'clock tonight."

Anastasia had spent the day in the hotel swimming and sunbathing. When I returned to her, after the afternoon presentations, I told her about my talk with Tim. She looked me in the eyes smiling gently. 

"I love you more than ever," she said. "I want to be your wife forever. Whatever happens can't alter that." We kissed gently.

Anastasia prepared herself very well for the evening. This time she wore a simple but tight fitting Indian cotton shirt, without the bra, and a long turquoise batik skirt. On her ankle she put a golden chain. Her makeup was light, but very skillfully applied. At 8 o'clock she opened the door and walked with determination to the elevator. I followed her looking her beautiful lines and round buttocks. She wore no panties.

Tim was already there, sipping a whisky. He looked a little unsure of himself, but was delighted as we came into the bar. Tim wore a white, short sleeved shirt and long black mohair trousers. He looked great.



"Good evening, Anastasia," she said. Anastasia hugged him and kissed his cheek.

"Tim!" Anastasia said. "Don't talk about business now with him. I get bored with software, and I'd like to know more about you, Tim," she said. "Tell me about your first love."

Tim laughed hearty and told about his high school romance with a classmate. Anastasia told some stories about the love affairs of Russian women. They sat on a big, leather sofa, side by side, bodies touching each other. I let them talk, and sipped my beer, sometimes urging Tim or Anastasia to tell about some funny incident I already knew. 

When Tim went to the rest room, I asked, if Anastasia would like to have Tim in our room. She agreed and her cheeks were rosy.

I ordered a bottle of champagne to be sent to our room and asked Tim if he would share the bottle with us. 

"Yes," he whispered.

When we were waiting for the elevator, Anastasia kissed Tim on the mouth. Some bystanders stared at us, while Anastasia's tongue slipped between Tim's brown lips. In the elevator their kisses became hotter, and Tim's hands held my wife tight. I looked at them in a dreamlike state of delight.

"My wife is yours tonight, Tim," I said with a low voice, when Tim's broad hands caressed Anastasia's prominent breasts through the thin fabric of her shirt.

When we got back into our hotel room, I took a place on the chair. Tim and Anastasia remained standing, their tongues exploring each other's mouths, hands studying restlessly the new pleasures of their unfamiliar bodies. Anastasia unbuttoned her shirt showing her breasts. She turned her back to Tim, pressing her ass against Tim's pelvis in order to feel his firm erection. There was a big mirror on the wall, and Anastasia liked to watch as Tim's left hand played with an erect nipple. His right hand touched her pussy through the batik skirt. She leaned her head over to let Tim kiss her neck.

A knock at the door signaled us that the Champaign had arrived. I opened the door and let a Hispanic waiter come in. Tim held Anastasia, whose breasts were fully exposed, like a protector. Anastasia stood proudly before the Hispanic boy, possessed by a black man. The boy tried to split from the room quickly, but I asked him to wait a second.

"We are quite busy just now," I said. "Can you please open the bottle and serve us?"

Anastasia let her skirt come loose, and Tim's hand went to search for my wife's pussy under the fabric, while the nervous waiter opened the Champagne. When Tim's fingers reached their target, Anastasia turned her head and licked Tim's lips with her tongue.

"I feel your cock, Tim", she said. The waiter's hands were trembling as he poured Champagne into the glasses.  "Ladies first," I said, and the nervous boy handed a glass to my wife. I give him a good tip and let the young boy go.

Tim and Anastasia weren't thinking about wine now. She dropped her skirt completely and allowed her shirt to fall off too. I picked up her clothes from the floor, while she took a few steps back in order to give Tim the perfect view. She arched her back a little, so that Tim could look at her breasts. 

"Do you like me?" Anastasia asked. Tim said with a faint voice, that he loved her, and unbuttoned his shirt. Anastasia reached to him to help open his belt. Tim kicked his shoes off, while Anastasia liberated his erect cock. 

They sat on the bed, and Anastasia began to stroke Tim's stiff, black dick. It was about six inches long, not very thick, but somewhat bigger than mine. My wife spat on it, and moved her hand up and down, while Time closed her eyes in ecstasy. 
