 Once we had been sitting for a brief while we heard some rustling which seemed to be coming from a large clump of bushes off to our right and slightly behind us.

With me and Louise still naked save for stockings and heels in my case and merely heels in hers the guys quickly threw their shirts over the top of us. 

The fact that both our faces still bore the fruits of their loins clearly evident, and blatantly smeared over our faces and the fact that two of them still had no trousers or boxers on didn't seem to register!

A quick call of 'who is there?' and a foray by Simon and Peter unveiled two younger guys who had obviously been watching, or at least listening from their secluded viewpoint!

A quick question and answer session ensued, at first the lads were very apologetic for being so furtive and Simon seemed a bit angry at them having been so sneaky.

Things calmed down once they began to compliment us on the show they had watched and from the state of their jeans it was obvious they had been aroused by the performance.

It transpired they had often came up to the wooded area in hope of seeing some dogging and had seen a few couples 'at it.'

Both showed signs of bulges poking up in their tight jeans.

Louise was the first to blatantly ask what they had seen and if they had enjoyed watching us fucking. 

The word 'fucking' was emphasised by her and I could tell she was getting turned on again both from her facial expression and from the fact that Simon's shirt which had been covering her was now cast off onto the ground, leaving her on full display for these two younger men.

I took my lead from her and did likewise letting Peter's shirt fall off me, giving them a side on view of my bare tits and full view of my stocking clad legs.

A look across to Frank and Bill showed signs that they were keen to see if this may lead to anything. Both had replaced their underpants but twitches were clearly evident as I glanced across at them.

"So did you like seeing us getting fucked then boys?" I asked quite blatantly after Louise had finished her little tease.

The reply came from the taller one of the two that he had and that he had almost spunked on seeing me get a blasting across my face from 'the old guys cock' as he so succinctly put it.

Louise and I looked at each other and from the twinkle of her eyes and the smile across her face I knew we were in for part two of the fun.

"Which part was your fave?" I then asked the smaller stocky one of the two. He was fairly short with longish brown hair.

He replied seeing Louise on all fours being fucked hard from behind whilst sucking on a cock like she was 'sucking on a lollipop' was his reply.

At this point Louise had got up and was now standing in front of them completely stark naked save for her stripper heels.

I quickly joined her putting my arm around her waist and posing with her as we asked them which one of us was the prettiest. It was a teasing question to which surprisingly they both laughed and said we equally were, which of course was the right answer, or at least the one I was certainly glad to hear!

Bill was the first to come out with the obvious question and he bluntly asked if they had been playing with themselves whilst watching us all. They both replied no as they had been too frightened in case they needed to run off if we had got angry with them.

The next few minutes was spent with Louise and I running our hands over each other as the four guys all sat down on the bench. Frank was taking the lead and saying that as we had given them a show would they want to reciprocate and have some fun with us, or as he put it 'have a go with the girls.'

Louise and I laughed saying maybe we would be the ones to decide that.

This broke the tension and after a little chuckle Louise and I both said that we were more than happy for a little playtime with the two new guys. Suggesting that the 'old ones' may want to sit back and watch and catch their breath.

I approached the taller one of the two and put my arms around his neck and gave him a peck on the lips, which soon turned into a bit of a snogging session. Louise soon did the same with the smaller one and was quickly busy kissing him deeply at the same time as she felt his arse.

After a few minutes of this, we asked if they wanted a little feel and they both tentatively fumbled around our titties for a while. My nipples were now stiffening up nicely and Louise was moaning a bit as she was being roughly felt up by her new beau.

We then asked them if they fancied a bit of oral fun, or as Louise coarsely said, "How about if we suck you stiff?"

They both shyly nodded and responded in a positive manner. It was obvious they were a bit self conscious of the watching four guys and also a bit nervous of the situation as well.

I tried to ease the situation saying that we wouldn't bite, well not unless they wanted us too.

With this I asked a couple of the guys to move to allow room for the lads on the wooden bench. 

Simon and Peter duly obliged and Frank and Bill moved up so that there was room for them to sit down.

Once seated we helped them ease out of their shoes and socks and then off came their jeans leaving them both sat in their boxer style shorts with massive erections poking up against the material.

The shorter one in particular seemed very hard already, the taller of the lads sporting a fairly impressive semi erect bulge.

Louise and I stood in front of them and then had a bit of a kiss with each other, trying to get them even more ready for some fun and frolics by turning them on. 

As we kissed we both dipped our hands down to each others cunts and began to slowly finger and tease each others clits whilst we snogged.

Within a few minutes we were both fucking dripping our juices again and really turned on.

The two young lads now had huge hard ones straining at their boxers. The other men had moved to the side by this point, getting a good view of Louise and I snogging and also of the two younger ones getting worked up.

"They look fucking gorgeous in those pants," Louise crudely said to them as she ogled their hard cocks.

"Wonder what they're like out of 'em!" I replied laughing.

With this Louise and I sank to our knees and sidled our way towards the guys. 

My stockings getting torn even more as I did so.

Once beside them we took turns in teasing them through their underpants, touching them and eventually licking at them whilst they were still covered up.

Frank and Bill were commenting as we did so and as we slid their pants down Simon was urging his young wife to 'suck the strangers cocks,' practically imploring us to suck on the ever hardening pricks.

As the pants came off two very hard young cocks sprang up and Louise and I licked our lips in anticipation.

The two of them eased themselves to the front of the bench and within seconds I was lapping my tongue over the red end of the shorter ones cock as Louise had the taller ones prick buried in her mouth. She's a a quick worker!

We then began a good ten minutes worth of sucking, licking and gobbling on the two cocks. Alternating between the guys for variety and kissing each other deeply in between.

As well as independently working on a cock each we also gave them double attention. The two of us licking at one guy at the same time, taking our tongues and tracing the veiny length of his cock, right to the tip and back down again. Lapping at their cocks like this had me well juiced up and Louise couldn't resist dipping a couple of fingers up herself as we double licked the lads.

By now Simon and Peter were both sporting big stiffys too and both Louise and were again on our knees in a doggy-style position. 

The two lads showed clear signs of pre cum leaking from both their cocks and had obviously enjoyed the attentions of our lips and tongues.

Simon postponed himself behind me and Peter got into position behind Louise.

Peter was the first one to slam his hard cock back into Louise's cunt, as Simon her husband urged her on to fuck the two guys.

He was telling Peter to fuck her hard as he pistoned in an out of her squelching pussy and for the young lad to ram his cock deep into his wife's throat

"Go on son fucking use my wife's mouth!" he pleaded.

By now the shorter one of the two who I was working on was watching intently as Simon eased his cock up my frothing gash from behind.

"Oh fuck," I urged as Simon built up speed. "Go fuck it. Fuck it hard," I said staring into the young lads eyes as I said so.

More pre cum oozed from his cock and I sensed that if I didn't get him up me soon he would blow his load.

I asked Simon to stop briefly and then stood up, span around and squatted down onto the short guys cock as he sat on the bench.

Louise quickly followed my lead and her tanned, slim legs soon straddled the taller ones cock as she levered herself down onto his throbbing tool.

Simon again swearing and urging her on.

"Oh fuck darling he's a good ride," She said in return. "Look can you see his cock going up my slippery hole?"

Her legs began to tighten and she dug her high heels into the forest floor.

"Fuck me you bastard. I'm fucking cumming again," she announced.

The sounds and squelches grew louder as she was clearly heavily orgasming on the lads prick.

He groaned and he had begun to spunk deep up her snatch as she ground herself down onto his pulsating prick.

"I'm spunking," he also announced.

"I know," she said. "I can feel you fucking cumming so much up me. Oh fuck Simon its lush!" she added.

The short ones cock I was bouncing on began to jerk up as I rode him and he was also now blowing off up me as well. 

Peter then stood in front of me and began to spunk up from the wanking he was giving himself.

His cum splattered onto my tits and belly, some dribbling down onto my pussy as I was seeded heavily by my younger fuck partner.

"Oh go on fucking cum you cunt," I swore as Peter finished with a couple of blasts onto my stocking legs

Louise was now in full swear mode as Simon began to spunk up on his wife as she was still climaxing on the tall guys cock. 

His language filthy and direct as he told his wife how he loved her acting the slut.

The last few jets shot up me as I eased my dripping cunt off the guys prick and quickly got to my knees to finish licking the last feeble spurts and dribbles up from his engorged, spewing cock. My cunt juice mingling with his salty cum on my lips and mouth.

Simon was finishing off covering his wife's long slender legs in ropes and rivulets of jizz as she literally ground herself down onto the guys prick at the same time.

Bill and Frank both stood admiring the show as she then followed my lead and got onto her knees to clean her cum and the guys spunk up from his tool.

Cum oozed from both our well fucked holes as we slowly licked at the softening, flacid cocks of the guys.

After this they hurriedly got up and scrambled for their jeans, obliviously feeling the embarrassment of the situation.

Louise and I told them to take their time and that we had enjoyed ourselves very much.

After they had quickly put their clothes back on and the other four guys had followed suit we parted with a thanks and a nervous kiss from them both as they scurried off into the woods. 

Louise and I walked back to the car as were were.

Me in my torn and ripped stockings and heels and her naked just in her stripper style shoes.

Cum was glazed across our stomachs, tits, legs and faces. Spunk oozing and glugging from our cunts as we strolled back to the car park area.

It was a fantastic night with them and we have agreed that I am going down to visit them with Frank and Bill at some point.

Can't wait!