 Author's note: this is an expansion of my previous story, "a Snippet from a Threesome". Male bisexuality is involved heavily, so if you're not interested, be warned. Feedback is welcome. However, it would be great if one was constructive in their criticism instead of just ranting about the tiniest bits.

*****

I sighed heavily over my cup of rich Colombian coffee to stir the aromatic compounds, and they filled my head with earthy grandeur. I looked across the coffee shop table at my wife and her face which bore a look of melancholic boredom, which transformed into a smile and a questioning look. I said, "he should be here any minute," and she replied, "of course." 

A few minutes later, the chair between us was occupied by our close friend Gary who smelt of wintry freshness, a welcome odour in the summer heat. "So sorry to keep you waiting, but I was... cleaning up. Y'know how it is." Meera, my lovely wife, cut the air with her sharp yet gentle and empathic laugh, "oh yes, we do." The conversation soon drifted into everyday chitchat, and after all of us downing one café each we got up and left our long-familiar coffee shop. Nobody spoke of what we were to do, assuming simply that our instincts and passions, which were already stirring, would guide us. To Gary I am unequivocally grateful for helping us out in this sexual arrangement. We didn't want to be with a stranger, but Gary we've known for over fifteen years, and I've been married for five of those. 

Upon reaching home I brought out a bottle of wine, accompanied with glasses, into living-room and sat together on the couch with Meera between us. After having drunk a glass, I, unable to resist, kissed Meera with passion which was mirrored by her and then increased when she slipped her cool tongue into my mouth. One hand slowly moved up her thigh while the other's fingers were tangled in her hair. Gary then got up and sat closely behind me and started nuzzling my neck gently. A strong, tall, fit man, to witness him being so tender was incredibly surprising and sensual and I grabbed one of Meera's ample breasts. Gary turned himself and put his hand on my waist and the other on my knee, and pressed his lips with the utmost patience onto my neck. Slowly his kisses became frantic and anxious and his left hand went from the waist to my chest and the right hand was a few centimetres from my centre and on my hip. Meera'shand was on her other breast, fondling, and the other hand lost between her thighs. Gary tugged on my tee and kissed me below my neck, closer to my shoulder. For the first time, me and Meera broke apart for I needed to gasp, and put my hands on top of Gary's and bent my neck to allow him more room.

Meera took this opportunity to open the windows, draw the curtains, and strip her wondrous body naked. Gary's cock throbbed against my ass through our jeans and he leaned closer to kiss the frontal parts of my neck. In between moans I told him I wanted to get rid of our bothersome clothes, and he responded promptly and pulled my tee over my head and threw it away, and proceeded to do the same with his. Getting up we both started removing our jeans and underwear. Meera's hand was between her thighs and moving slowly, while the other hand anxiously fondled her breast. Her long, dark, wavy hair was flowing well past her shoulders, her light-brown Indian skin shining a little because of the sweat brought on by ardour. Gary, having stripped completely naked, said, "hey, you ready?" I turned towards him, and saw a beautiful man. His hair was flowing yet in place, his face glowing with joy, his tight chest and stomach a little sweaty, and his gorgeous manhood inviting. I went to him and, for the first time in a long time, kissed a man on the lips. I could hear Meera chuckling on the couch.

My dick's soft tip touched his and we quivered in the erotic energy that sent up. Putting my hands on his taut body, inhaling his musky perfume and precum, I pulled myself closer to him and kissed him anxiously. He mirrored my movements and returned the energy. Our chests touched and I shivered with nervousness, and broke apart the kiss and rested my face on his smooth neck, with him doing the same. He rubbed my back with his surprisingly gentle hands, and our cocks patiently throbbed against each other, bathing each other in their precum. Meera got up and came to us and on tiptoes kissed Gary. I felt her soft breasts against my skin and let out a small sigh of revelry. As their kiss increased in intensity, I almost reluctantly had to break it apart to move away. As soon as I did, Meera climbed onto Gary's waist and kissed him and said "I need you to fuck me." And in one swift movement, Gary put her fit yet soft, lovely body down on the couch, climbed her, entered her tight wetness, and they made passionate, almost angry, love. 

I sat down on the nearby chair and slowly stroked myself and reflected upon the moment. Gary was the first person I'd confessed to about my bisexuality when we were thirteen and were experiencing sexual desire for the first time. He confessed he too was bisexual and said "in order to understand it better we should totally make out and see." It was one of those tragically few moments in which one feels truly alive. Alas, cultural norms pushed apart and yet somehow closer. We went through multiple girlfriends, and came back to each other's arms during heartache and heartbreak. He'd decided in his college years to not settle down until his 30s. I, on the other hand, was more romantic and given to dreams, and fell in love so passionately, so enthusiastically, so eagerly with the first girl who'd moved my heart, which was undergoing a series of unfortunate events and catastrophes of which the cause was cynicism, disappointment, identity crisis, and the malaise of youth, that I married her and chose to spend my life and grow with her. I could not, however, forget the secret kisses, hugs, and sexual exploration I'd experienced with Gary, and when I told Meera about it, she suggested we get together and explore it together. She was the fire I never could be but always needed. Brought back to the world by a really loud grunt and scream "oh fuck!" I glanced at my loves, and got up and went to them. 

Meera grabbed my dick and started sucking it, Gary slowed his pace and down, and he too, put his skillful mouth on my manhood. A few ecstatic moments later, I signalled them to stop and got on the couch behind Gary. They stopped fucking for a moment. Meera's face bore the look of a child who'd just been offered free candy for life. Positioning myself between their four smooth legs, I touched the tip of my glistening cock on Gary's tight asshole he let out a soft moan. I then slowly eased myself into him. He was tighter than I remembered from our teen years, and tighter than any orifice I'd experienced. I closed my eyes and for a few minutes let myself get used to the beauty of my best friend. I lowered my chest onto his back. Our heads were aligned and o kissed his neck and shoulder and looked into my wife's excited eyes and she slowly nodded. I could sense through years of intimate friendship that Gary's eyes were closed and he was patiently waiting for me to continue. 

I started fucking him. Now slow, now fast; in, out; deep, shallow. Holding Meera's hand in one hand, and Gary's shoulder in the other, I fucked my best friend like I'd never fucked before. He, in turn, used the momentum received from me and used it to fuck Meera even more passionately. The sounds of sex and lovemaking filled the room and I felt an earthy fire expand through my chest. When I was close to coming and making our bond sacred, I had to reluctantly and very slowly pull out. "There's still a lot left," I thought. While I was letting my cock get used to the fresh air, Meera started sucking Gary's thick cock. I, in turn, placed my face between her legs.

The first taste of her cunt was sharply resonant, and I took a deep breath of it. "God, I love her so fucking much!" I thought as I licked up her magnificent juices. My head was spinning with the thick scent that filled the air. She groaned her sweet, tender groan as I pushed my tongue deeper into her nethers, and caressed the insides of her thick, soft thighs. 

Her groan was soon followed by Gary's, I could only presume she was working magic with her tongue. Kissing her pussy one final time, I sat up on the bed and looked at them. His hand was in her hair, and his face was turned towards the heavens in ecstasy.

Unable to resist, I joined them, and took his very slick and wet manhood into my hands and rubbed it. I instinctively looked up at him, and as our eyes locked glances I knew what he wanted to say...

I opened my mouth wide and took to take the entirety of my best friend's member in. A deep moan escaped my lips and I tasted the mix of his cock juices and Meera's saliva. I deem it impossible for my dick to have gotten as hard as it did then. As my mouth slowly engulfed his cock I marvelled at how beautiful it was; thick, long, veined, and erected straight, and also at how much it had grown since last we'd attempted oral. As its tip touched the back of my throat a good inch of it still couldn't be reached. I closed my eyes, smiled with joy, and started fondling his balls and sucking and worshipping his cock. Back and forth; back and forth; back and forth. He was like a Greek god. From the corner of my eye I glimpsed Meera's one hand on her tit, and the other between her legs. Her eyes were closed and her hips were rocking back and forth. Feeling slightly guilty, I took Gary's cock out of my mouth.

Sensing, I think, the absence of wet sounds, and moans and groans, she stopped pleasuring herself and looked at us. As she saw me holding his cock invitingly, she laughed, "Obviously, honey," and came closer. 

We started at the base. Her on the left side, me on the right. We planted small, loving kisses on His Grace, all the while looking at each other with love and gratitude. Everytime her lips left the surface, a thin trail of saliva could be seen, for which I loved her even more. Slowly and steadily, we made our way to the tip, whereupon we kissed each other passionately. Our tongues were locked in an intense battle. As they lashed here and there over the tip of Gary's cock, we felt his hips buckling. Me and Meera gently squeezed his balls, and come shot out into our eager and hungry mouths. We both took as much as we could, but a small amount - a substantial amount, really - fell out, onto her voluptuous tits. As we broke our kiss, I put a finger on her lips, signalling her to not swallow, while Gary emptied the remainder out on her gorgeous breasts. 

I swallowed my share, and licked up the come from her tits, and went to her face. Our lips locked and our tongues exchanged Gary's heaven. I couldn't breathe, and my cock and heart felt as if they were about to explode with pure joy. Putting our arms around each other, and pulling our bodies close, we continued our passionate exchange. The taste of her mouth, combined with that of his semen were too rewarding to comprehend. We broke apart, and she got up and went to the bed, leading me by the hand and lay down. Her tiny body inviting me.

I smiled and entered her. For a moment, we just savoured our reunion. A few ardorous kisses later, I started fucking her. Now slow and steady. Then fast and with fervour. As I came close to coming, she put her hand on my chest, "Hold on, honey," and I stopped and confusingly looked at her. Following her eyes, I saw Gary behind us, holding his again-hard cock. I laughed at his recovery time, and pulled out and moved to her side, and Gary lay down beside her and kissed her passionately. As their tongues interlocked and engaged in swordplay, I planted pecks and kisses behind her jaw, on her neck, on her shoulder, all the while caressing her breasts and belly. 

Then, feeling Gary's legs touch mine, and I looked up. She raised her legs and invited us to unite ourselves. Happily, Gary and me interlocked our legs, and he aligned both our cocks together and as I felt a tremor pass through me Meera gave me a loving, almost motherly, kiss. As our cocks' tips toucher Meera's cunt, I realised he had the loveliest cock I'd ever seen or felt. I put my left arm on her belly and Gary put his right, and we held her hands with our free hands, and looked at her questioningly. She nodded. Simultaneously, we entered her, and just lay stagnant for a few heavenly, ecstatic minutes, adapting to the intensity. Then, we slowly, gently started fucking, and kissing her cheeks, her mouth, her shoulders, her neck, her ears, her jaw, her breasts. Sounds and scents of intense, intimate lovemaking and sex filled the air. I kissed her and him, she kissed and him, and he kissed me and her. Our mouths never stopped working. As all three of our mouths touched each other's at the same time, our tongues interlocked, and we came together. It had a passionate violence of sex only affection and love can provoke. 

We fell back on the bed, momentarily exhausted. A few minutes later I raised myself and started kissing Gary, slowly and lovingly. As we pushed our tongues deeper into each other's mouths, we felt our wet, come-covered cocks stir. Breaking the kiss, we chuckled and realised we needed to clean up. Meera mouth had made an oval "O" and her eyes were closed. We very reluctantly left the warmth of her femininity and moved to the other side of the bed and licked each other's cocks clean of the come, and after covering Meera with a blanket, went to the bathroom to properly clean up.

The cold water of the shower made me shiver and I climbed up on Gary's loveliness for warmth and comfort and cuddled him and nuzzled against his handsome face. He strongly, firmly and gently squeezed my body to his. We gave each other soft, small pecks and kisses all over the face and neck while whispering in our intimacy "I love you." I climbed down and as we started soaping each other, Meera came in and so we cleaned her too. After towelling each other dry, we climbed back on the bed, with me spooning Meera and she facing Gary. We spent a few minutes underneath the blanket, getting used to the breeze and warming up. Meera gave Gary a passionate kiss and as they made out my cock grew harder against Meera's beautiul ass and I cuddled against her and kissed her neck. A few minutes later, she turned towards me and repeated the gesture as I fondled her breasts. Then, she got tired and just cuddled against me. Bob Dylan's song "the Times They Are-A Changin'" started playing in my head as we all drifted off to sleep in each other's intimate warmth.