 The windows above our bed let in a cool, soothing breeze, followed quickly by sunlight which danced playfully due to fluttering leaves and waving curtains through which it passed. I awoke and felt alive, truly alive. My morning wood was already throbbing and was engaged in a mini-swordfight with my sleeping lover's throbbing cock. The touch and feel of skin, and the intimacy in which we lay had already around in us copious amounts of pre-cum that sent a shiver through my cool body, and somehow making my cock harder. I tried to control its dancing movements, but to no avail. I tried stretching my legs, however that felt like an exercise in futility for my limbs were interlocked with those of my lovers. This realisation made me buckle my hips almost involuntarily, resulting in my cock gently brushing a cunt so wet and engorged it almost swallowed my cock head. 

I pushed my half-open eyes wide and slowly raised my head. The vision that greeted me was one of a breathtaking beauty. My short, curvy wife, Meera's beautiful body glowed between that of me and my bestfriend, Gary, whose Greek-godly body was spooning Meera; his muscles clearly visible. His limbs were around her, in a sexual yet protective, almost brotherly, sense. His face buried in her flowing hair, one arm snaking below her body with the hand resting on her soft belly, and the other going over, taking comfort between her ample and firm yet soft breasts. His right leg was directly behind hers and over my left, with his left arching over my right, while Meera's too did the same. Her motherly, wide, curvy hips rested on his, while my left arm snaked over with my hand resting between their bodies on her buttock, while my right arm was mashed between me and my wife with us holding hands, and her other hand covering Gary's between her breasts. Her right leg was covering my left, and mine and Gary's cocks were directly below her cunt; one small push and we'd all be truly reunited. I lay my head down on the cotton pillow and gazed at my wife's face. Her cheekbones were my favourite aspect, so well-defined they could be said to be the sole reason I'd approached her so very long ago. Her gentle curving lips made me love her feminity.

I was brought back to this cruel, merciless world by an urge to empty my bladder and fill my stomach. I very reluctantly made my way out of the tangle, covered them again with the satin blanket and made my way to the bathroom and then the kitchen. I put on a pot of strong Colombian coffee, toasted wheat-and-grain bread till burnt, and cutting a small salad of berries with cream on top. When I took this breakfast back to the bedroom Meera and Gary were already awake cuddling each other.

"Oh, we were waiting for you to come back. Come join us, baby," Gary invited me. I tried not to show it, but my heart had jumped with joy when he addressed me with a term for lovers. 

"Yeah, let's break our long fast in bed, we're going to need the fuel" my wife added playfully. 

Once they sat up on the bed, I put the tray down and climbed back in, still naked. They're moans and groans were assurance enough that they loved the early morning meal. We ate silently and patiently, drinking in the aroma. After the meal, we put the tray aside and simply sat there, settling our stomachs, while Gary put on some rock-n-roll music. Ten minutes later, I instinctively and hurriedly went over to Gary and kissed him passionately. 

I felt our cocks grow very quickly while he returned the ardour. I traced his beautiul chest and stomach with the tips of my fingers down to his cock and took it in my hand and rubbed its tip with mine, soaking them both wet in our respective pre-cum. We broke the kiss and gasped. Meera, the cheeky fucker, already had two fingers in her heaven of a cunt and was pinching one of her nipples while looking on open-mouthed. I laughed at the sight, kissed Gary once again and said, "Trust me on this, yeah?" and as soon as he nodded I pulled back, flipped him around with strength which came from I don't know where, and impatiently rammed my cock in his tight, clean asshole. I stayed there a few moments, surprised at what I'd just done, and when Gary said, "Well, fuck me, dammit!" I served his wish with joy. 

I was fucking the living hell out of his asshole so hard my balls touched his every time I went in deep. I fucked him so hard I was afraid we'd have to book an appointment with a chiropractor. I fucked and fucked my bestfriend so hard, the sounds of our skins' impact drowned out our groans and screams. I fucked him so hard my cock hurt and when I was close to coming I pulled out because I wanted to save my come for the rest of the day. Gary quickly turned around and, holding my face, mashed his lips against mine, "That has to be one of the best fucks I've ever had!" and he grabbed my ass and pulled me to him and shoved his tongue down my throat. Our cocks were frotting so hard between our mashed bodies it was suffocatingly erotic. I fucked his cock, sending tantalizing tingling sensations all over, and send tremors to my extremities. Our union was interrupted by Meera who had a look of playful disappointment. As we laughed almost guiltily, she got down on her knees while we stood up completely to let her have her fun properly. 

She took Gary's cock in her hands and put a thumb on the tip with which she traced our pre-cum all over his thick member, and then slowly rotating her thumb on just the tip. Gary seemed to find it difficult to breathe. She planted a very, very soft and gentle and long kiss on the tip and when she parted her beautiful lips I could see trails of pre-cum and saliva. She slowly, in a soft, growling, sexy voice asked him, while rubbing her thumbs one after the other on his tip, "Do you want me to suck your cock?

"Y-yes. Yes."

"How badly do you want me to suck your cock?"

"A lot."

"How much?"

"Ve-very."

"Tell me you want it."

"I want you to su-suck my cock," he was breathing heavily as if he'd just run a marathon. 

Meera's voice took a darker shift, when she continued, "Tell me what you want."

"I want you to suck your cock," he whispered. 

"And just why should I do that?"

"Because I need-I need it."

"Hmm... what do you think will happen if I don't open my lips wide, take your cock in my mouth, roll my tongue around it, gagged on it, stroked your balls... sucked your cock, mmm?" she stretched every word, whispering seductively. 

"I'll die."

"Say 'I'll die, mistress.'" she commanded. 

"I'll-I'll die, mistress." 

"Haha. Couldn't hear you, boy." she said maliciously while squeezing his cock. 

Gary's legs trembled and sweat was trickling down his tummy. "I'll die, mistress." he said a little louder. 

"You'll die... why?"

"I'll die if you don't suck my cock, mistress."

"Hmm, you're my little bitch, aren't you?"

Gary was in a hazed state. Meera's thumb palm was covered his pre-cum. He probably didn't notice his next words, "I'm your bitch."

"You're my little bitch and you just want mommy's help, don't you, hmm?"

"Ye-yes, mommy."

"Mmm, you know, being a horny, desperate little bitch you are, I'm feeling kind towards you. I'll suck your cock..." Gary sighed with relief, "...but you don't get to come until and unless I give you permission. Understood?"

"Yes, mom-mistress." 

"I repeat: you don't get to come until and unless I give you permission. Do you understand what I've just told you, you fucking bitch?"

"Yes, mistress," Gary begged her. 

Meera stopped playing with her thumb, gave him a big childlike smile, and engulfed his cock in one swift movement. They both simultaneously let out a long moan of relief and pleasure. While Meera worked her magic, I stood there with maddening lust and desire to fuck her brains out. She very rarely became dominating, but when she did, she did it with just words, her voice, and her light brown eyes. The wet sounds of her sucking Gary's cock were heavenly to my ears. A few minutes later Gary exclaimed, "Mom! I'm about to come!"

Meera stopped sucking and looked at him almost threateningly, "Only I get to use that term. You call me your mistress, bitch."

"Yes, mistress. I'm about to come, mistress."

Her commanding face broke into a big smile and she said, "Okay! Now be a good little boy and sit down. I want to suck my husband's cock. You watch."

She then turned around and took my cock in her mouth and sucked on it. Back and forth, slow and fast. Gary, dazed, sat near the pillows, reflecting, I think, on what Meera'd just done to him. She touched my balls with the tips of her fingers while he sucked furiously on my cock. Now gagging, now gentle, now kissing the tip and body, now engulfing it completely. A few long eternal minutes later, she stopped and pulled out. She called Gary over and made us stand facing each other, and pulled so close to each other we were frotting again. She commanded us, her bitches, to make out with each other. Then, she did the most amazing thing I'd felt her do: she took both our cocks in her wondrous mouth. Me and Gary grabbed each other's asses and put our free hands on each other's bodies and made out with mind-bending intensity with our tongues dashing in and out of each other's mouths, and our fingers poking each other's about-to-be-fucked assholes, all the while Meera played with our wet cocks. Her mouth could only take as much as the tips, which she held for almost an entire minute during which all three of us couldn't move. She would jerk our cocks, rub the tips against each other's, rub one cock's tips all over the other's thick, juicy, veiny cock, squeeze our balls while our tips were together in her mouth. It was the final act that sent us both over our edge and made us come in her mouth. 

She immediately let go and commanded us to fuck her brains out right then and there. We obediently followed our mistress. Gary lay on his back on the bed, and Meera climbed his cock and dug her short fingernails in his chest, while I mounted her from behind. She sat still and commanded us to fuck her. Me and Gary were both suprised, shocked even, at how our cocks were so hard again, so quickly after orgasm, it was this erotic surprise and the fascination of a dominating Meera that fueled us hungrily fucking her tiny, delicious body. Her sensuous curves rolled erotically with the impacts of our cocks and hips. I grabbed her now-perky tits from behind and squeezed, sending a shrill moan from her mouth, while Gary grabbed her soft hips and helped her ride us. I could feel his presence inside her through a membrane while I fucked her asshole. Soon, we were in sync of our fucks, and as we went deep our balls touched and as we were on the cusp of pulling out it felt sadly lonely inside. I held her from behind and bit her neck gently. "Kiss the back of my neck, you horny little bitch!" and I did as I was commanded. She looked at Gary, who was staring at her face and her tits which still managed to dance erotically even though I'd tried to hold them in place, fucking her as if he was in a dream. She smiled, "You're enjoying this?"

"Hmm-mmm."

"You're enjoying fucking mommy's nasty little pussy?"

Gary swallowed, "Yes.."

"Yes, mistress," she corrected him. He obeyed her. 

"You like looking at mommy's bouncing tits, bitch?"

"Yes, mistress," he said almost in pain. 

"You want to come, don't you? You want to come in mommy's pussy."

"Yes! Yes, I do!"

"You naughty motherfucker. You already came before. Without my permission."

"I'm sorry. I'm sorry, mistress, but you're too beautiul."

"Good boy," she sounded genuinely pleased. 

"Now, I'll let you come in mommy's pussy... on one condition."

"You have to eat my pussy and ass out and swallow some of the come - not all of it. The rest you give to me. You think you can do that, motherfucker?"

"Yes, mommy," Gary's tongue slipped, but Meera was too lost in ecstasy to care. 

"Now come."

I felt Gary's cock soften a little and then mine. The sudden release of come seemed to push my cock out of Meera's ass. She'd stopped moving, sitting almost meditatively on Gary's hips, smiling joyously. Our come trickled out of her body and onto the bedsheets. She sensed it and got off Gary, and lay down on her bed. Gary quickly got up and put his face between her legs and raised them to lick up the come coming out of her ass. He sucked in a certain amount and then the brought his face to Meera's, who kissed him passionately and took all of the come in her own mouth. Then she signalled me to come closer to her and, kissing me, gave me some of the come, and swallowed the rest. She laughed and we saw trails of come and saliva form between her lips, which somehow made my cock painfully stir. She then commanded me to suck Gary's cock clean while he eat her pussy clean, but only after he'd cleaned my cock like an obedient little bitch. 

A few patient, passionate, slow minutes later, Meera commanded Gary to kiss her all over the body. I was to do the same with Gary afterwards. Gary started slow and steady with her face. I lay down beside them, and Meera looked straight into my eyes, and I returned the look and saw that the woman I'd loved was feeling overwhelmed by love. 

He kissed her cheeks, her temples, her forehead, nose, and chin. His mouth resting on each point for a second and a half. He kissed her jaw, her ears, behind the ears, and every curve of her sensually smooth neck. Her breathing which had returned to a normal state was now, as I knew from years of experience, slowly increasing in intensity. Gary very gently yet quite firmly rotated Meera on her chest. He mounted her, with his body resting on his strong arms, hovering an inch above hers. She lay herself down as if in a spa. He nuzzled her hair first, breathing in her aroma. He kissed her behind the ears again and slowly traced his lips to the centre of her neck to the rear, and then brushed his lips over her shoulders. He kissed her right arm, at one inch intervals, and when he reached her wrists, he sucked on them causing in her a sharp intake of air. He kissed her hand on the outside and then the palm, and then he slowly sucked her fingers; he repeated this erotic gesture of love on her other arm, too. 

He kissed her back, all over, going in a zigzag pattern, and then kissing her on every inch of her spine, gravitating towards the small of her back, where he pressed his lips fully, with a gasp escaping Meera's lips. His mouth moved on to her ass and hips which were tired and sensitive from all the fucking. Gary seemed to be aware of it, because he softly massaged her ass first, causing her to moan in relief. He then planted soft kisses on her ass, and then slowly moved on to her sensitive thighs, the back of her knees, her smooth calves, and her feet. He then turned her on her back and proceeded upwards. Kissing her shins, knees, thighs, hips. He kissed her cunt with a delicate passion. Planting soft, long, wet kisses he moved up to her curvy belly. He sucked on her navel. When he reached her lovely big breasts, he kissed wetly every inch of them, and sucked on the nipples, and licked the cleavage, with his tongue going on up sternum toward her collarbone and the dip between the bone and neck. He kissed her neck and chin again and paused when he reached her mouth and looked deeply into her eyes. They both said to each other, simultaneously, "I love you", and kissed lovingly, like they'd been married to each other too. This sight ignited in me an affection I didn't know I could feel. 

After a few passionate minutes, Meera turned to me and said, "Your turn." Gary took my place and laid down. I followed his movements as he'd done with Meera. Kissing his hard, taut, muscular body, his strong veiny neck, his thick shoulders, his bulging biceps, his veiny hands, his strong palms, his strong firm fingers, his hair, his smooth back, his tight ass, his smooth legs, his muscular thighs, it was his cock I'd most deeply loved. I kissed every single centimetre of it as it stood up towards the skies. I kissed his balls. I kissed the bottom of his cock, moving slowly up, kissing, with every kiss lasting over 10 seconds. I traced the thickness of it, the veins, with my tongue. I licked the backside of his cock from the bottom to the tip, relishing in the masculinity of it. I kissed every fold of his cock's uncircumcised skin with joy and relish. I kissed the soft, soft pre-cum-covered tip and licked it clean. 

I placed the my lips over the edge of it, covering the orifice, and kissed him, kissed his soul, for almost an entire minute while maintaining steady eye contact with my bestfriend and true love. I then slowly moved up his body, kissed his abs, and the curves between them and his ripped chest with relish. I kissed his neck, jaw, cheeks, cheekbones, temples, forehead, nose, beard and moustache stubbles and the paused over his face, staring into his, with our cocks frotting again. I lowered myself onto him, our cocks mashed lovingly like two best friends between our bodies. And as I gazed into his earthy, beautiful, masculine eyes, I realised I loved him just as much as I loved Meera, albeit in slightly different ways, and I saw him return the same love through his eyes, and we sealed our bond and solidified our sacred love and laid claim to each other's hearts and minds and bodies and locked our lips and entangled our tongues and souls. 

It was like an orgasm and love as I'd never felt before. I broke our kiss apart only to perform the same with Meera, to express my undying love and gratitude for the most beautiful of women.