 My friend Jason had come a long way to visit me in Annapolis. The drive from northern Maine took him well over 14 hours and he had been exhausted. He said the trip had done him good. The driving had given him a lot of time to think about the events of the last few weeks when his wife left him for another man. They had had a rocky relationship to begin with and my advice 3 years ago before he got married, was to run. I think I had said specifically, "don't walk... run!" Well, sometimes a man thinks with the wrong head... and so, Jason married her.

What's my story, you might ask? Well, my wife and I have been living separate lives in the same house for the last 10 years... for the sake of the kids... We are cordial and even sometimes happy, but most times we are just tolerant. 

In past visits, Jason and I enjoyed our sex talk. He has always been willing to tell me of his adventures with his now ex-wife, Sara. He never bragged, but they truly enjoyed a wide and varied sex life. Unfortunately, I couldn't ever return the favor and tell him about my wife and I and it sometimes made me uncomfortable.

I met him at the pier where I keep my sailboat. It's a 37 foot Alden cruising sloop. It's sexy sleek design generally captures the eyes of the day sailors who wish they could come out to the big seas like I do with my Alden. Usually I just smile and wave as I head out for the weekend and the bigger seas. Jason gave me a strong hug which said so many things... hello, how are you, I've missed you, you are my friend... and... thanks for having me down for the week!

I fired up the engine while he loaded in the groceries. The batteries were fully charged, the propane refrigerator was getting chilled and we were both in a terrific mood. He cast off the bow and stern lines as I backed the boat out of the slip. Only two things left to get for the perfect weekend... gas and beer and not in that order!

I guided the boat over to the shopping pier and pumped the gas while Jason headed into the shop for the beer. Once the tank was topped off, I noticed that Jason was having an in-depth conversation with someone in the store. I entered and got my first glimpse of Shelly... her deep, dark, red hair was piled on top of her head, held together by a pencil. Her face held a light tan, which accentuated her green eyes that sparkled as she spoke. The next thing I knew was her laugh, which was full of fun, but a bit throaty from smoking. 

Jason was talking to her about our weekend plans. He was obviously flirting with her and she loved it. I could see why, as I examined my friend of so many years... lean, long, neat hair and neat beard with wisps of gray. He was smiling that silly grin he has and she was eating it up... yet, she was my kind of girl. She had a full figure with long and ample breasts reaching down to a rounded belly and some nice hips to grab onto... I got this as an impression because she wasn't wearing any clothes to accentuate her looks! Her clothes were baggy and were an attempt to hide her full sized figure - what a shame, I thought! This is a body that needs to be shown off!

I stepped in and she and I shared a smile. 

Jason looked at me and then said to her... "Come on with us, it will be fun. We're good guys, we're just going out to have some beers, do some sailing and see the sun set!" He looked at me and then smiled at her.

She looked at her watch and looked at me... "you don't mind?" she asked and I shook my head "not a problem" I said.

15 minutes later she had checked our licenses, gave our names to her roomate and checked out of work! She was like a whirlwind when she got going!

60 minutes later, we all had beers in our hands and were headed toward the private shoals and islands of the Chesapeake bay. I set the sails and we all relaxed and watched the sun set behind us in gold and red colors bouncing off the white sails.

With the steady south wind and the small waves, we made it across the bay to my secret hide-away island in just under another hour. I dropped the anchor and dove overboard for a swim. Jason wasn't far behind me and we laughed and swam like schoolboys. Shelly looked over the edge and laughed at us while we beckoned her to join us. 

"What will I wear?" she laughed again.

I told her to look in the 3rd drawer from the top in the master bedroom and she would find my "friend's" clothes that would fit her just fine.

Next I know and she is jumping over the side with us in my wife's bathing suit. It was clearly a bit too small as her tits bulged from the top. She didn't seem to mind and neither did we! We swam about, splashing, pushing and shoving each other. It was fun and we were like little kids.

As we climbed up the ladder, I gave Shelly a playful push with my head and instead of laughing, she slowly spread her legs so I could see the lovely bulge of her pussy mound... and then she climbed up the ladder with a smile at the bulge in my pants.

We dried off and Shelly put on some of my wife's clothes. They were tighter than she would normally wear, but Jason and I loved the look they gave her and the bulges in our pants showed! Now, I had a better view of just how shapely our lovely guest was and from looking at Jason's bulge, he was appreciating the same view. 

She came up the stairs from the cabin wearing a short summer dress with a low scoop neck exposing her 8 inch long cleavage... "just perfect to slide my cock through" I thought. Her smile lit both of us up and the ride of her hips under the soft, tight cloth gave our cocks a jump.

She sat next to Jason and across from me and we all "clinked" our beer bottles. The dress clung to her wet skin showing her bra-less state and lovely dark nipples pushing through the material. 

Shelly took the cold bottle and remarked about the heat... I watched as she slowly ran the cold bottle across her forehead and down each side of her face. The condensation dropped down to the dress. "I'm so hot" she said slowly. She moved the cool bottle to her neck and watched my face as she lowered the bottle down to her thick tits. She spread her tits and pushed down the bottle with an "ahhhhh... that feels soooo nice". My mouth hung open. Jason's cock was straining at his shorts. 

She smiled at Jason. "Jason, why don't you give me your beer bottle and be a good boy and go over there with Jack... hmmm?" 

Speechless, he complied with her wishes.

She raised the hem of her dress to her waist while running the base of Jason's beer bottle all along her thighs... each time climbing higher and higher to her pussy lips. Her left hand massaged her tits while keeping her beer bottle nestled between her tits.

She took a swig of Jason's beer and with a smile to her captivated audience lowered the neck to her pussy lips. With a groan, she pushed the bottleneck into her pussy and began slow rhythmic gyrations grinding on the bottle. Soon, she was no longer concerned about entertaining us, she was just enjoying herself in her own little world. We watched as her pace increased and she fucked the bottle. It was also obvious that she LOVED her nipples, pulling and pinching them constantly.

I looked over and saw that Jason's big cock was hard and in his hand. When I looked up, Shelly had seen it too and she was humping and cumming hard on the bottle. She pulled her tits out of her dress and her bottle dropped to the floor but we didn't care. I took my cock out and stroked it while I watched her pull and pinch her long pink nipples... 

"yeah... do it" she said "stroke your cocks for me... do it... mmmmmm" and then she climaxed. Her body shook all over. Her big tits quivered and juices flowed down the inside and the outside of the beer bottle between her quaking legs. She looked over at Jason and gave him back his beer bottle which he drank from immediately.

She took mine and smiled a greedy smile as she shoved it up deep inside her. Jason was standing next to her and she grabbed his thick cock with her hand and stroked it aiming it at her tits. She pulled at it expertly stroking the length and then just the head and it was bringing Jason quickly to an orgasm.

We said nothing. We were stunned, but Shelly was hot and talkative... encouraging us every step of the way... "Yeah, come here... give me that hot cock... mmmm show it to me... good boy... yeah... mmmm... watch me shove it in... oh god... yes.. yes... yes!" I loved each word and she came all over my bottle... I drank every bit.

Jason watched me drink and he began a jet stream of cum all over Shelly's tits. He groaned and grunted and covered them from top to nipple and the big cleavage in between. The taste in my mouth was sweet. Shelly stroked her tits and spread the cum all over her tits and nipples mmmm and then she licked each finger with her pink tongue and sensually protruding lips.

Over the weekend, I grew to love her smile. She smiled now while looking straight through my eyes into my heart and lifted one of her tits up to mouth and licked the cum from it. She licked the skin, the nipple and then she sucked her nipple dry of all the cum. I was shocked to see Jason join her by sucking her other tit. 

As his lips enclosed her nipple and he sucked it in, her eyes closed and she pointed to me... "I've tasted Jason's cum... now come here, honey, and give me yours... " My cock slid into her mouth and she sucked. Never had I felt anything like it. I've heard other guys talk about their wives or girlfriends "sucking like a Hoover" but this was incredible. It was wet, tight, warm and slippery all at the same time.

She pushed me back onto my seat and kneeled in front of me and Jason lay under her, nursing on her nipples. It was driving her crazy and I could see the flow of her juices running down her leg. I could feel each of her climaxes reflected in the pressure she applied to my cock. I tried to hold off, but my cum shot up into her mouth and some found it's way down around my balls as she swallowed what she could.

Exhausted, we collapsed on the deck and rested. 

I awoke sometime later, to Shelly's soft throaty voice... "mmmm such a nice thick cock... I want to feel it inside me.. mmm doesn't take much to make you hard, does it honey???" I looked over to see her stroking my best friend's meat. His cock really was thick. It was a handsome cock as far as cocks go. I haven't seen many, but mine is somewhat ordinary. Jason's, on the other hand was a woman's wrist thickness from base right up to the flair of the head where it widened even more.

She had no trouble getting him hard and soon she had straddled him and I watched her pussy slowly engulf his girth. She fed him her big tits and pink nipples. The left one and then the right one and he sucked eagerly while she pushed further down on his pole.

"oh god" she moaned and bit her lip as her pussy swallowed his entire cock. "yes... very nice... I'm in heaven" and she began slow humping on his cock.

I joined Jason on the deck and we each sucked a tit. This drove her crazy! Her humping got faster, her tits bounced in our faces as we hung on to her nips. 

Suddenly, Jason cried out "holy shit!! ohhhhh man!" 

Shelly had cum so hard she soaked his entire ass. This just threw him over the edge. I watched her smile (I loved that smile) as her pussy clamped on him tighter and tighter, milking every last drop of cum he had to give her as she cooed to him "mmm good boy, give me your cum.. mmm yes, that is is.. mmmmm"

She climbed off him, lay on her back and looked at my hard cock. "Honey, I'm soooo tired, I really can't pump any more... come here and you fuck me... "

I picked up her foot and kissed the toe. Jason leaned on the bulkhead, exhausted. I kissed the arch of her foot and licked her ankle... then her other ankle. I held her calf and kissed it, stroking it back and forth. I put her ankle up on my shoulder and kissed her knee and then licked the juices from the inside of her thigh. The juices tasted good.. mixed cum... 

Then I looked at her pussy. The lips were tender, pink and soaked. I noticed that they quivered as I got closer adn closer with my long, thick tongue. She spread her legs for me and I leaned in to her smell of mixed lusts, male and female. I started with a little lick to her clit. I was delighted to hear her moan each time I licked it. Up and down I licked and then I sucked it in and felt her quiver beneath me. Her clit fit nicely in my mouth as I sucked it and flicked it with my tongue. 

My hands reached under her ass to feel her meaty, thick, sexy thighs. I stroked her as my tongue slid down and made love to her sloppy pussy. I lapped her pussy and slurped as her and Jason's juices covered my beard. I had never thought this was sexy but for some reason, it felt like the right thing to do. Certainly, Shelly's sighs, moans, and groans told me it WAS the right thing to do. 

I don't know why I did it, but it also felt like the right thing to do... I slid a finger into her pussy and then dropped it lower and slit it into her ass... Shelly bolted upright... "holy shit! ohhhhhhhhhhh" and then she lay back again and her ass humped on my finger... "FUCK ME!" she cried out "FUCK ME, NOW!"

I put my hands on her knees and moved my cock to her lucious pussy lips. I surveyed her lovely full body. Her hands gripped her amazing tits. her hips flared out perfect for me to hold, and I did. I pushed into her and listened to her groan with a "yesssss". I went as deep as I could on that first stroke and began my methodical pumping and humping. Shelly was wonderful. Her pussy squeezed my cock, pulling and gripping it's skin. Her soft voice encouraging me to fuck her and make her cum again.

My cock felt like a slow, relentless piston, driving her deeper and deeper into insanity. She called to Jason and he brought his limp cock to her face. She sucked it in and it hardened instantly. We both fucked her and she loved every minute. Watching Jason's cock pass between her sweet lips heightened my excitement and I squirted deep inside her hot tunnel. I kept pumping and her cum joined mine and soon Jason's cum was squirting down her throat.

********************

The next day and days, we sailed down the middle of the Chesapeake naked. We played and swam naked. Shelly sucked our cocks whenever we wanted, but mostly whenever SHE wanted! At one point I stood at the helm holding the wheel while passing a freighter and Shelly held my cock, sucking on the head while playing with her pussy. The on-duty ensign waved frantically and Shelly turned smiled and held her tits up for him to see... I sailed the boat faster so that she would get back and suck my cock.

Late Sunday, we returned up the bay. The sun was setting and Shelly had learned to sail the big boat with ease. I sat behind her as she stood naked at the wheel. I stroked her soft, supple tits along with her ample hips, running my fingers down to her knees and back up her thighs. She spread her legs for me and I kissed her ass as I ran my hands up over her cheeks. I stood up and, given the amount of fucking we had done, I was surprised my cock was at attention. 

Knowing what was coming, she arched her back and I pushed the head of my cock between her cheeks and into her pussy. It was warm and wet and damn, still sooo tight. My hands ran up her hips and under her arms to cup her big tits. I started my pumping and she pushed back against me, grinding me hard. 

Jason heard her moaning and came up on deck with a smile. He came up to her face and leaned over the wheel, his face to hers. She smiled and he kissed her. It wasn't a hard or forceful kiss, but a loving kiss. It was gentle and caring, wanting and desiring. Their lips were a perfect match, their tongues slowly danced and played communicating as men and women have for centuries. I continued to pump watching them fall in love while I was fucking her.

As if on cue, I felt Shelly's pussy clench my cock. She was kissing and loving him, but fucking me. Her pussy got tighter and hotter and my balls tightened and my cock exploded into her. Her pussy spasmed, but I knew that it wasn't spasming for me. It was spasming for Jason. He was making her cum just by kissing her. I also knew that this was the last time I would be fucking her...