 The two girls were naked on the screen, their lithe bodies writhing against each other, having 'sex' as women did in male lesbian movies, rubbing their crotches together and suddenly arriving at an orgasm. It was fake it wasn't even well done, but it was enough to push James Pollock over the edge, his stiff warm cock in his hand shooting sperm an inch into the air before settling back down into his pubic hair, soaking the material around his dick. He sat there tossing for a few more moments, getting the last few drops of sperm from his dick. With the volume turned up, he only heard the two girls come in giggling out loud, laughing, drunk, and blissfully unaware of what was only a few metres away. He grabbed the remote changing the channel and pulled his zipper up quickly urging his shrinking penis to loose its stiffness and return to normal.

"Hi dad, Penny's going to stay the night if that's alright, she'll sleep on my floor. Her mum can't pick her up" Anne said walking into the lounge, clearly drunk, sweat glistening off her skin. James looked around and nodded, seeing his slightly drunk daughter standing with more flesh revealed than clothing she wore but she was clearly happy, and he would rather they be here slightly pissed than out on the town where some pervert could grab her and rape her. He turned his head, momentarily caught like a rabbit in headlights as Penny followed his daughter up the stairs giving him a weak smile, dressed in a white, short, body hugging skirt and a crop top as Anne had once described to him in detail.

Where Anne had a little puppy fat on her stomach, something Kate had been on at her to get rid of, Penny's was smooth and sweet, sweet, he thought grinning, a lot of Anne's friends were sweet, if not a little loud. Oh what did they get up to? He thought settling back now putting the football on, feeling his dick adjusting in his sodden Y-fronts, the smell of sperm and semen in the air, that would clear after a few minutes, by the time anyone watched TV again anyway. He heard the two girls up stairs giggling and turned the volume up slightly. Kate wouldn't be home for another half hour and the girls would be up, probably long after that, which left him with his Bud and football, a good combination no matter who you were.

As Anne shut the door, Penny started laughing hysterically, collapsing onto Anne's bed holding her stomach as she lay there laughing. Anne couldn't hold it in either and dropped down beside her, both girls in hysterics until Penny hit her ankle on the side of Anne's desk and stopped laughing, giggling to herself as she sat up, well, pushed herself up and collapsed onto her side staring at her best friend looking up at the ceiling.

"I can't believe your dad was watching porn. Do you think he was touching himself?" Penny said giggling. Anne screwed her face up shaking her head and rolling onto her side.

"Ewww, nasty mental image. Thanks babes" Anne said mockingly punching Penny lightly on the arm. Penny returned the punch and both girls started laughing again, although for Penny, it certainly wasn't as funny this time. She knew guys watched porn she knew where her brothers kept theirs in their wardrobes and under their mattresses. But she didn't no Dad's watched it to, they had their wives to have sex with, they didn't need porn. As she lay there laughing, she was thinking if her Dad used porn to touch himself over, and she agreed with Anne smiling to her self, it was a nasty mental image. Still, Anne's dad wasn't so bad.

She had seen him once only in his swimming shorts when they had gone abroad to Spain. That had been 4 years ago when she was 14. Anne and herself had spent most of the holiday sunning by the pool while Anne's parents had done the historical stuff, but during the evenings, they would come down to the pool, Kate, Anne's mum in her full body swimming costume, and James in his trunks. He stood at 6'1, tall but not giant size. He had a bit of a belly but nothing excessive, a few hours at a gym would have cleared that up. A slight turn off was his body hair, nothing excessive, but in her fantasies and the few, images, she had seen, her dream guy was bronze tanned, muscled smooth all over. James was just a normal man, but the first man she had seen most of.


Well, she had actually seen all of him that day; His erect penis showing out of a pair of shorts he wore to dinner, but that was something that had been accidental, and very arousing, she had had to admit. But now, thinking that he had been sitting their masturbating was just weird. Did married men really touching themselves over porn like her male friends did?

Anne stood and walked to her cupboard, taking a pink satin nightdress and dropping it onto the bed kicking her shoes off and walking to the sink in the corner of her room turning the mirror lights on. Penny sat up, reaching for the remote and turning the TV set on low, David Letterman on, she liked him, he was funny. She walked to the door locking it, and unbuckled her belt pulling the zipper down and letting the skirt fall to the floor. She rolled her top up her back and pulled it over her head, lying back down on Anne's bed in her panties and bra, to hot to bother getting changed now, sweat rolling down off her body onto the bed sheets. Anne joined her in her bra and jeans, shifting on the bed making it move as she pulled them down and kicked them onto the floor.

"Fuck me its hot, you still got that fan?" Penny asked wiping moisture off her forehead. Anne nodded and rolled off her bed onto her feet, standing at the door to the closet. She crouched down, the back of her knickers pulling up between her two cheeks. Penny was tempted to mention it but decided not to, smiling at her friend as Anne pulled the table top fan out and place it on the large study desk, plugging it in and turning it on, the cool jet of air blowing over the two girls.

"I bet your dad would like this" Penny joked lying on her back, raising her right leg up, her left straight out. Anne, lying with her head on her pillow looked at her friend, a little confused. Penny grinned.

"Two hot sweaty girls lying in theirs underwear. Imagine the woody he would get" Penny joked. She grinned and giggled a bit, Anne also as they lay there. As much as she wanted to deny what Penny had said, come back with a witty insult, she knew her Dad. She had come back from college enough times and spotted her clothes slightly out of place in her laundry pile or floor where she left them, just out of place enough for to figure someone had gone through them. The first time she assumed her mum was doing a colour wash or something and looking for reds or darks, but it was clear it wasn't her when her Dad had been at home, and again it had happened. 

After telling Penny, she had left a pair of particularly stained, smelly knickers near the top in her smart skirt she wore from time to time and sure enough, they moved from the top to the bottom when she had been at college. Enough for her to figure out her Dad had at least moved her knickers, and most likely, tossed over them, smelling them, ewww, she thought shuddering. Why did guys get so much out of the mess from women's bodies? She thought, at the very least, it must be unhygienic. She had left that pair at the back of her drawer, not touching them or wearing them. As silly as it would have sounded to someone if she told them, if he had cum into her knickers, she just didn't want to have her body touching his dried semen, it was, icky, she thought.

But what Penny had said did ring home, if her Dad walked in right now, he would most likely get an erection there and then, unable to hide his lust. He had clearly been watching porn, by the sounds of it, that fake lesbian shit they put on late at night for horny boys, and perverted old men. And while she never thought about being with a girl, the image of two girls in their underwear would turn a guy on. She was open minded enough to realise that.

"I gotta pee babes" Penny said standing, feeling the sheets peel off her back slightly. She rubbed her back, sweat dripping off and got to the door before pausing, turning back to Anne and grinning, raising her arms. Anne looked confused before grinning and nodding.

"Go quickly, Dad's downstairs and won't be coming up for a while" Anne said winking. Penny unlocked and opened the door, peaking out, hearing nothing but Anne's cat Billy scratching himself and tip toed down the hall to the bathroom, testing the door handle first to see if it was locked before pushing it open and running it in, almost slamming the door shut and running forward to the toilet, pulling her knickers down with one hand in mid stride and taking a seat. She also went to the point of starting to pee as she was sitting but decided against it, holding it in and releasing her stream. She could feel the pressure in her bladder and knew it would be a long one.

This was a new experience, sitting in her underwear doing a wee. She sat looking around the bathroom, unusually clean, light shining from the overhead spot lights onto the white surfaces, the usual clutter, razors, shaving foam, body washes of various brands and types, nothing unusual, just a bathroom. Her eyes moved from the shower block, again, picturing James stepping out, his large body dripping water onto the tiled surface.

Over the hamper, the one piece of clutter in the room, over spilling clothes slightly onto the floor, some of Anne's knickers she saw grinning at the top. She remembered that time at college Anne had pulled her aside and told her about her laundry situation; Knickers that went moving in a clothes pile without any assistance. Being a sister to two teenage brothers, she often smiled to herself when she would come home and 'find' her panties more damp than usual, her brothers tossing off into them. Thankfully, they only used her worn stained pairs, more than she wanted to think about. But while the thought of Anne's Dad wanking to porn was weird, the idea of him using Anne's knickers had been worse, Anne had never told her what had happened that night she had got home.

She looked forward at the door, at the door handle as it turned, her eyes flicking to the lock, still in place, and she froze, her pee flowing freely now, leaving to choices, stain the floor with her piss or wait to tell Anne to go away. It opened up, and James walked into the bathroom, that look of shock on his face as he stared at Penny, once more frozen, drawn towards his daughter's friend.

James stared forward looking at Penny sitting on the toilet, her legs open slightly, her crotch in shadow but the sound and sight of pee flowing evident, the dark golden liquid flowing from between her legs, dressed only in a bra covering her young breasts, her knickers half way between the door and the toilet bowel. He was in a situation drawn to the site of her sex, or what he could see of it, and doing the decent, married, thing and withdrawing quickly before it became to obvious he was getting aroused. He chose the first, just staring dumb founded at the young woman sitting before him. His bulge in his trousers showing clearly now, although the sudden pain of pubic hair sticking to his growing dick, straining against their roots and sending pain in his pubic area suddenly got his attention and he looked up at Penny's face.

Penny watched him look up, unable for reasons she couldn't explain to herself to scream or cover her modesty, instead just sitting their urinating, her legs still slightly open, not opening them further or snapping them shut, which would have resulted in a messy experience. Instead, as he stared at her sex, she looked at his waist, at the growing dick inside his clothes, pushing against the material, a small mound now showing. She stared at it, the part of his body that had resulted in Anne, and, he looked up, meeting her eyes.

"I uh, I'm sorry I didn't" he said weakly and stepped out pulling the door shut.

Penny felt her heart thumping in her chest, and thankfully, her stream stopping. She yanked some tissue free and cleaned herself up, dropping it into the bowel and flushing it down before standing and pulling her knickers back up, looking for a gown to cover herself up, anything to hide her modesty, not that she had much of that left after the peep show Anne's father had just enjoyed. Shit, might he be looking through the keyhole at her now? She pulled her knickers up around her waist, finding them sodden from the night at the club, and even more so from the few drops of pee that fell from her now, unable to control her body although thinking they might be from fear at the situation. She opened the door slowly, glancing out and thanked the Gods that James wasn't standing there. She didn't know he now lay on his beat wanking himself furiously, and as quietly as he ever had. So aroused, and frightened if anyone found out what he had seen.

Penny ran back to Anne's room, stumbling with the handle before opening it, finding her friend now dressed in her pink PJ's, lying on the bed covers. Penny dropped down beside her, sitting high, her knees in her chest, her arms rapped around them, shaking slightly. Anne sat up, staring at her friend and holding her in her arms.

"What happened?" Anne asked pushing the stand by key on the remote, the image turning off.

"Your dad walked in on me, when I was sitting, doing a wee" Penny explained slowly. Anne looked serious, then a smile spread across her face and she fell back laughing. Penny was angry for a moment until she thought about what she had said, what it meant, what would happen, and fell back also laughing out loud, shaking her head and feeling herself pee a little more into her knickers as the two girls fell further into hysterics, Penny dropping her arm over Anne laughing hysterically until she began to calm down, the two slightly entangled, Penny looking at Anne as she calmed down grinning, shaking her head.

Anne raised her head, kissing Penny on the lips softly and unwrapped herself, reaching for her light switch and turning it off, the room bathed in darkness, only the light from the hall way shining in from under the door, Anne curling up, her back to the jet of air from the fan, Penny lying confused, slightly angered, and, just, weird. James seeing her pee, Anne kissing her, any other time it would have been a gesture from one girl friend to another, here, now, after what had happened, she felt weird, and lay there for a while, staring up at the ceiling. She had laughed it off with Anne, to an extent, but as she lay in the darkness, she could see James eyes staring down at her vagina, at the pee falling from her body, at her sex, and then the obvious erection he had grown but did he find her attractive?

Penny woke again, thinking it was morning until she looked at the glow from the digital clock, the numbers showing the time to be 1:37 am. She was tired, and knew she hadn't slept well. She stood, suddenly cold in just her underwear and walked to the door, all that alcohol they had drunk at the club again forcing her to go to the bathroom, only now, she locked the door and did her business. As she finished, she opened the door, turning the light off and stopped in the hallway staring at the open door to Anne's parent's bedroom. She tip toed forward and stopped at the open door, pushing it forward slowly, grateful it didn't creak but stopped, unable to open further as it bounced back slightly. She guessed something was behind it and poked her head in.

James lay under a thin sheet, alone. Maybe Kate hadn't come home, she thought, and stared at him, his shoulders showing. Was he sleeping in the nude? And a wicked though passed through her mind. Fairs, fair, she thought and she walked quietly into the room, stopping at the edge of the bed and gripped the sheet, her chest thumping, enough to wake the God's themselves if they had been listening. She raised the sheet gently and cursed, seeing darkness, and not seeing James tilt his head back, watching the girl holding his bed sheet up. He only woke up from the sudden cold draught passing over his rear.

"Kate" he mumbled, watching as Penny jumped back walking into the make up table, a few things falling to the floor. He turned his legs now out of the bed, the sheet falling around him revealing his naked body to the girl, only his chest clearly illuminated in the moonlight passing through the open window. He stood watching Penny the situation now reversed slightly, and in control of what would happen. She moved to leave but he raised his arm taking hers, holding her steady until her momentum stopped and he released her immediately. The contact long enough to signal he wanted her hear but if she wanted to leave, she could. This time, she chose the latter.

"Penny, what were you doing?" he asked quietly, making no effort to cover his penis hanging between his legs. Penny, however, did fold her arms across her chest, futile as she was only wearing a bra and pair of knickers, not having bothered to get changed into the night dress and regretting it, well, no, not regretting it, just wondering if James would have held onto her arm as he had if she had been more covered, if he wasn't showing the first signs of an erection as she thought of a reply.

"Well, you saw me earlier on, I just wanted to" she said, her voice trailing off. James grinned, reached down for the table light and turned it on, the dim glow illuminating his body. He took a seat and held out his arm, Penny accepting the invitation and walked forward, stopping in front of him as he sat back, his dick growing stiff. Penny, by James guidance, sat down on his legs, feeling like a little girl again, only this time there was a stiff piece of flesh pressing against her bare skin, and the realisation that the dampness in her knickers wasn't a result of a few drops of pee anymore, a much nicer, and quite alarming feeling developing. Arousal, desire, lust, and strangely, the will to touch him, not in a sexual way, not to wank him off, as he probably desired, but the need to explore his older body.

"It wont bite" he teased touching it for a second, holding it in his hands beating it gently, his cock growing to its length of 6' in his hand, warm, the odour of dried cum there but right now he didn't care, and he assumed Penny didn't either.

"I've seen dicks before" she said touching the eye of his penis, holding her finger there until she got braver and pushed his hands away, rolling her hands down the sides and length of his penis, playing with it more than anything, although this simple action was more than arousing for the male member. It held solid in her hands, Penny now at the base pushing her hands through his dark mass of pubic hairs to his testicles attached to his cock. She held them lightly in her hand, running her fingers over the lumpy hairy surface, squeezing them lightly not through malice or revenge but just curious, wondering what it was like to have dangling things between her legs, besides the odd string every month.

"No you've seen boy toys before, this is a real man's cock" James teased reaching up and brushing his hand through her hair, stroking her almost like a puppy as she played with her 'bone'. And Penny had relaxed a little more, sliding off his legs and onto the floor, sitting for a moment before he opened his legs allowing Penny to shift onto her knees sitting back on her feet and continuing to play with his dick. He was releasing a little pre-cum onto her finger tips, the sticky liquid absorbing into her skin, her hands now smelling entirely of his used cock, the rich smell of cum and sweat. She had done this with a couple of guys at college during class, although usually as soon as their zippers were down and their cocks were out they had shot their little loads onto the classroom floors. None last like James did.
