 "So...," Alex muttered, leaning closer towards Sarah. "Are you having a good time?"

"Yes," she replied coyly, her red dress rising up her thigh slightly. She could smell the alcohol on his warm breath as he leaned towards her. 

"Do you think that your mum would be happy with how I am taking care of you?" Alex asked, a playful smile across his face. 

Growing up next door to each other, Alex and Sarah's parents had been really close, so naturally they wanted the same for their children. Sarah and Alex had formed a quick bond when they were just toddlers and had been really close ever since.

So it had been a huge shock when Alex and his mother decided to move away a few years ago, and it meant that they hardly ever saw each other. They still kept in touch - the odd text message here and there - but things hadn't been the same for a while.

It had been over 12 months since their last "reunion", so Sarah had been slightly apprehensive when her mother sprung the planned reunion on her. In reality it wasn't a spur of the moment thing at all, her mother and Alex's mother had been planning a weekend away for a while. It was a no-adolescents trip to the Maldives and Alex and Sarah were not invited. Instead Sarah was to stay in Alex's house and being 2 years older than her (19 and 21), Alex was in charge. Sarah still hadn't forgiven her mother for her exact phrasing of the situation, namely stating that "Alex was to take care of her". 

Things had been awkward at first, but that soon evaporated, helped by the fact that Alex had planned a night out with his friends. Sarah was glad she'd packed her favourite little red dress. She wasn't bothered that she was the only girl, she preferred the company of boys anyway and a few drinks later, she was suitably relaxed. 

"I think she would find this scandalous," Sarah replied, picturing her mother's face. It was true, her mother would hate the idea of Sarah being on a night out, wearing a short red dress and with only the company of boys. It was a thought that made her smile somewhat, she'd always been rebellious. 

"I know right?" he replied, taking a swig from his beer. 

"She'd never suspect you of this. She thinks that Alex Parker is a goody-goody."

"Oh does she now," Alex replied, sliding his body closer to hers on the leather seat. It turned out that Alex knew the owner of the club where he had taken them, so they had been ushered to a VIP room the second they had arrived. The other boys had popped to the bar to get another round of drinks, so that left Sarah and Alex...alone. "Well then, she would be utterly devastated with what I'm thinking about right now."

Sarah wasn't really sure how she felt about the comment, it made her feel slightly awkward and yet it also made her feel excited, an electricity was running through her body.

They were already pressed against each other on the seat but Alex moved even closer, until Sarah was practically sitting on his lap. "Oh really," she asked, turning her body slightly more towards Alex and leaning closer as if she was telling him a secret. "Let me be the judge of that. What is it that you're thinking?"

"Oh," he replied, leaning away for a split second. "I couldn't possibly tell you that. You'd never forgive me, it's so embarrassing. It's really naughty."

"Hum," Sarah replied involuntarily, causing Alex's mouth to drop with surprise. "Why don't you let me judge that too." Something ignited inside her, she wanted to hear what he had to say, so she parted her legs slightly and moved closer towards him. 

"Ok, but you can't be mad at me?"

"I won't be."

"I keep...I keep thinking about you. I mean, you look so fucking hot tonight," he paused, casting a look at her slim figure. It was true, she did look hot. "I have this really kinky fantasy." 

"Tell me."

"Ok, so. I love the idea of having someone completely and utterly at my mercy. The idea of them literally having to do whatever I tell them to do. Argh, it's even turning me on right now."

"That is kind of hot." Sarah leant back in to the seat, her legs still parted and her dress just kissing below her pussy. She noticed that Alex's eyes were staring at the area, he could see just enough but he clearly wanted to see more. "So, what would you have that person do right now?"

"Oh, I've already planned that out." He placed his beer on the table, threw his left arm across Sarah's shoulders and pulled her closer. He then started whispering in to her ear. "The first thing I would do, is make them go in to the bathroom, they'd take off their knickers and the come back out here to me. They'd have to give me their underwear of course, just so I control if they can have it back. I'd then have to check they weren't wearing anything underneath, so they'd straddle me and I would quickly check."

"What right here?"

"Yeah, of course," Alex whispered, his hand moving lower down Sarah's back. "I'd check right here."

"Then what would you have them do?" Sarah asked, her breathing getting heavier and heavier. 

"Oh it would get more fun. I'd take them back to my place, with all of my friends and we would do anything and everything we wanted."

"All of your friends?"

"All of them. The poor girl would get fucked in every single hole, more than once." 

"Oh."

"See, I told you that you wouldn't like -"replied Alex, moving slowly away from Sarah. 

"I didn't say I didn't like it," she interrupted, she looked straight in to Alex's eyes and felt a need between her legs. "It's a really hot fantasy."

"Haha. Yeah. Shame I don't know anyone who would do it." 

"Yeah, true. I'm going to pop to the bathroom a second. You ok here?" Sarah asked Alex. She was already standing up, when he nodded back, a look of disappointment on his face. 

A few seconds later, Sarah returned from the bathroom and was surprised to find that Alex was still on his own in the room. He cast her a smile as she entered but she paused before returning to her seat. She took a deep breath, there was no going back after this point. Yet despite her reservation, she managed to get herself ready and confidently walked up towards Alex. 

"I believe these are yours?" she asked him, her red lace thong hanging from her finger. He wasn't expecting it and a look of utter shock crossed his face. 

"Ah fuck," he replied, rearranging his trousers and reaching forward to take the knickers from her. "You really..." It was too late for him finish what he was saying, as Sarah was already climbing on top of him. She placed a leg on either side of him and slowly wrapped her arms around his neck. 

"Sir," she whispered, her hand caressing his neck. "I want you to check that I'm not wearing any underwear."

"Ah fuck, Sarah." Alex replied, running his hands up and down her body. "Are you sure you want to do this?"

"I want you to use me, and I want to be fucked in every single hole." Sarah looked in his eye with determination.

"Ah fuck," Alex wrapped a hand around the back of Sarah's neck and pulled her in for a passionate kiss. "Right," he whispered, pulling away slightly. "I better check that you're not wearing anything else under there." He placed his right hand on her back, in the crook between her bum and her spine and slowly slid his other hand in between her legs. He stopped for a second and quickly checked that they were still alone. Confident that it was just the two of them, Alex turned his hand so that it was facing upwards and slowly brushed his palm along her bare pussy. It made her push her pussy down on his hand, she wanted more and his touch left her aching. Sarah watched his face as his hand gently stroked her pussy, his eyes were filled with longing and his lips wore a shocked smile as he realised that she wasn't wearing anything. "Fuck, Sarah." Alex muttered, a gentle moan escaping his mouth, his hand still in place. 

"I told you," she replied, her eyes never once leaving his. 

"And you'll do anything I want?"

"Anything."

"And you'll let us fuck you everywhere?"

"I want you to fuck me everywhere."

"Ah," Alex muttered, his hand pressing harder against her cunt. He moved his left hand up her body again, placed on the back of her neck and pulled her head towards him. His cheek was pressed against hers as he whispered in her ear and his other hand continued to make her pussy tingle. "Then in that case. I am going to fuck you in every single way, in every single hole and I'm going to make you scream with pleasure." He stopped for a moment and Sarah could feel his hand, slowly moving further up her body.  

"Firstly I'm going to fuck you here," he motioned to her mouth, planting a frustratingly gentle kiss on her lips. "Then I'm going to fuck you here," this time his finger kissed the opening of her cunt, the tip of his finger just slipping slightly inside her lips. "Then...," his hand was slowly creeping up her body, lush overwhelmed her and despite herself she let out a moan. "Oh, you're going to have to keep quite in here," he pulled her face in front of his and slowly removed her red thong from his shirt pocket. "I guess this will work for now." He forcefully pushed her thong inside her mouth and then kissed her passionately. "Fuck, you taste gorgeous. Keep that in while I continue."

"As I was saying," Alex's hand had slid around to her bum and one of his fingers was slowly moving towards her anus. "Then, I am going to fuck you here." He gently pushed the tip of his finger in to her arse, but it wasn't anywhere near as far as she would have liked. Alex looked at her face and laughed to himself. "Fuck you're a little slut. You want me so bad. Can I trust you?" he asked, hinting that he was going to remove the thong from her mouth. She nodded, not wanting to prolong being teased. 

Once again Alex slowly moved his hand back to its original position and dragged her finger to the soaking wet opening of her cunt. "And then," he paused, pushing two of his fingers straight inside her. She bit her lip hard as the satisfaction soared through her body. "Then, we are all going to fuck you. Ah your soaking already, I can't wait to get my cock inside you."

Alex finger fucked Sarah as they sat inside the room, slowly at first but then with ferocity as his cock hardened in his trousers. At times Sarah felt the pleasure ebb in to a lustful pain, but it didn't stop her wanting him. He would have kept going and going until Sarah was begging for him so stop, but it wasn't long before the other boys returned. 

Alex stopped as they walked in and Sarah tried to quickly rearrange her dress. She had no idea how Alex would broch the subject and she was shocked with how and how quickly he did. 

"Come on lads," he said, getting up and starting to walk towards the door. "Time to go back to mine. We're going to fuck the shit out of this dirty slut."