 As soon as glanced at her profile on the UK Dogging site I knew that this lady was potentially very hot. Just her profile name 'Love to Cum' gave me an instant stiffy! Absolutely no information about herself at all just three stunning pictures of her naked, firm breasts and lithe body. 

I sent off an email straight away, intrigued. You never know with these kind of sites if you get a reply. 9 times out of 10 you never do, which is bloody frustrating. However the ladies, especially with sexy profiles get swamped with single males trying their luck. Luckily the 1 out of 10's in my experience are very worthwhile.

So yes I did get a reply. Pretty elusive, just like her profile. Just a one liner response.

'Send me your stories'.

Now my stories, as you may be aware, tend to be a bit explicit for the uninitiated. I write them with other ladies and the sexual content depends entirely on the individual lady's kinkiness and wow they can get pretty dam kinky. So much so, that I've certainly scared a few ladies off in the past.

Anyway I emailed the kinkiest (featuring a sub/dom initiation ceremony, nipple clamps, shaving, fuck machines, voyeur sex, etc) just to test the water. No point in messing around. If they like kinky stuff its best to see straight away. 

I had no reply for a week, so I thought I'd blown it. Just too dam rude. 'Put it down to another rejection' I thought. The rejections pile up on these sorts of sites. However I got a reply 10 days after the initial post.

..................... 

Dear Bob,

Wow, I loved your story. It did shock me. You said it was rude but I wasn't quite prepared for the nipple clamps and the other lady controlling the fuck machine. But it made me very wet and I've been playing with myself over the past few weeks imaging myself tied to the doctors table with the nipple clamps being licked by the other lady as I suck you cock.

I think we should chat email me and we can arrange a meet on MSN

Lots of love

'Love to Cum' ........................ Well that was a turn up for the books! We were soon on MSN exchanging niceties. She wouldn't tell me where she was from, what she looked like, in fact no personal info at all. She did tell me that she was always very horney and loved the idea of being group fucked or being watched by men while fucking. 

Over time we dabbled in a spot of cyber fucking. There was one exciting occasion when she had two fingers in her pussey, cumming furiously while sitting behind her desk at work. Eventually we moved onto phone sex. She would only phone me and she'd hide her number from me, which I was fine with. Phone sex is always so nerve wracking to start with. However I already knew that she had quite a wicked sense of humour. The first two minutes of our first phone conversation were a bit tense but as soon as we started role playing she warmed up and within minutes I was spurting my cum over my chest and she was moaning down the phone with a rabbit vibrator banging away in her dripping pussey.

Our phone rendezvous continued for a while and at the end of one of them 'Love to Cum' suggested that we should meet. I was quite shocked really as I thought she was just content with a weekly phone fuck. I rarely suggest a meet, unless I know the lady concerned does meets with other men otherwise it tends to lead to an instant cut-off and I never hear from them again.

'Love to Cum' really did want to meet. She had already planned where and when and she had booked a cheap hotel. She wanted to meet me at the hotel at 9pm the next week.

The build up to the meet was nerve wracking. I got to the hotel early and sat in the car. At 8.55 a car pulled up alongside mine and this amazing looking lady glanced at me. I knew straight away it was 'Love to Cum'. Wow, was I in for a treat! She was of medium build, nicely proportioned wearing a nice well cut short dress with a white blouse – very classy.

We kissed gently on the lips and I helped her with her bags to the hotel. The room was cold and a bit cheap looking. I tried to kiss 'Love to Cum' gently again but she pushed me away. 'Late darling, later' she said as she grabbed my hand, opened the room door and pulled me down the corridor. Along the hotel corridor she told me her name was Emma or Emms for short. So that was a mild breakthrough of sorts. At last some kind of personal info. We were soon going to be possibly fucking each others brains out but at least I know knew her name!

We walked to a nearby restaurant and we ordered a meal. All very civilised. The waiter and waitresses obviously knew Emms, and gave her a cuddle and a kiss on both cheeks. I could have sworn that one of waitresses rubbed Emms bum but I couldn't quite see.


The meal took ages to arrive so I decided to test the water with Emms. I moved around so we sat next to each other and under the table I started rubbing her legs gently. She said nothing but opened her legs widely. I took this as a good sign and moved my hands under her skirt. She was wearing a nice pair of frilly knickers which I moved to one side exposing a completely shaved pussey! Lovely. Within a few minutes I was gently stroking her clit lips as we chatted. I could tell Emms was getting aroused as her pussy became very moist and I soon had two fingers gently fucking inside her. I could also just about see her nipples through her lovely blouse and wow they were now very erect! 

Just as the waiter came with the first course I decided to slip in a third finger into her now dripping wet pussey. Emms gave out a short moan and shuddered. I was certain that the waiter clocked immediately what I was doing as he quickly gazed down to my hand below the table, which was now roughly finger fucking the lady beside to me . Before we start to eat, Emms came three times on my fingers.

'Wow, You sure do love to come'.

She smiled, bloody hell this was going to be a wild night!

We ate our main course quickly, the food was great but we had other things on our mind. After the main course we ordered our desserts and Emms wanted to go out to the 'Ladies'. She asked me if we could go out meet outside the back fire door in two minutes. 

I nipped out before the two minutes and had a quick wee and almost collided with Emms as we walked to the fire door. Once we were in the open air I pushed Emms against the wall and kissed her deeply, whilst rubbing my hands underneath her skirt. This time she had no knickers on, having obviously just taken them off in the toilet – they must have been soaking wet anyway.

Within minutes Emms was soaking dripping wet down below and my cock was starting to ache with the pain of having such a full on erection cramped up in my trousers. It was Emms who made the move.

'Fuck me doggy style quickly' she demanded. 

Bloody hell. I was so horney I just couldn't wait at this point. Emms positioned herself against the wall, with her hands up against it and her ass nicely in the air. I withdrew my cock from my trousers, lifted up Emms skirt and she guided my cock to her pussey. There was no messing around. This was no loving slow type of fuck. This was a pent up sexual frustration fuck. Hard, fast, dirty and raw.

I drove my cock in deep and then pulled it out fast. What was really surprising was that Emms was so vocal. I hadn't actually clocked where we were before then but as I was fucking Emms hard I noticed that we were at the back of the restaurant kitchens and the car park. Not only that but we had an audience. Not only was the waiter checking us out but so were the waitresses!!

It didn't take long for me before I had to cum. It was a bit disappointing but I was never a superstud and the situation of being watching fucking this amazingly horney lady in a restaurant car park was just too much for me.

'Where to you want my cum Emms'?

'Oh nice and deep'

Her wish was my command. As I grunted a warning, my cock shuddered and I shot, what felt like pints of spunk deep into Emms pussey. Before I had even finished the waiter came out.

'Was he good Emma. Did he pass the test?'

'Oh yeah he passed the test with flying colours' Emms replied, turning round to give me a wink.

'Your desert will be served in three minutes Emma but first you need to finish off your main course'

And with a smile, the waiter withdrew just a monster of cock from his trousers, very erect. Emms didn't waste any time she knew exactly what the main course was. She was licking and sucking his cock in a wonderful way. I took the opportunity to slip three fingers up Emms pussey, feeling my cum dripping down over my hand.

It didn't take the waiter long before he started to moan. Rather than taking his cock out of her mouth, Emms carried on. She was moaning deeper now as my fingers fucked Emma deeper. 

The waiter then spasmed obviously depositing his hot sticky cum deep into Emms mouth. She writhed on my fingers, shouting out obscenities as she came. 

Once the waiter's cock was fully cleaned up, the waiter stuck his cock back in trousers and gave Emms a kiss. 

'We'll see you about 1am OK', he said in his lilted Spanish accent. 

'Ok darling, take your time, me and this young man have some getting to know you do'.

Bloody hell this evening was just getting better and better.

So after our session at the back of the restaurant we cleaned ourselves up and made our way back to the table. The waiter, who Emms told me was called Jesus (pronounced Hessus) had already brought out our deserts together with two huge cognacs 'on the house'.

It didn't take us long to quaff down the deserts. Our minds were on other things now. The two waitresses came up and introduced themselves as Conchi and Lolly. They explained that they were not related but they all came from Jesus's village in Spain and that they will stay here for another two months and that then some more girls from the same village would come over. Seemed like Jesus had a good thing going. They were both stunningly beautiful in that Spanish kind of way. Lovely long black hair, beautiful faces, olive tans and stunning figures. 

Towards the end of our brief conversation Conchi came over to be closely and whispered 'I liked the way you fucked Emms. Deep and hard. I want you to do that to me later'.

Bloody hell. I turned red almost immediately and Emms and the two girls laughed at me. I sort of stammered a reply and was a bit embarrassed because I was lost for words really. I'd be set up to take part in a gang bang basically.

On the way back Emms filled me in. She'd been coming to this restaurant for a number of years now. She first came on her own after she'd broken up with her boyfriend and she'd become friendly with Jesus. Jesus, she explained is basically a complete stud who just get enough sex. He has his Spanish wife at home. He always has two Spanish girls from his village back home in Spain. He hand picks these girls out in Spain and of course everyone in the village knows his reputation. The girls go back and get married but they always look fondly of their experiences with Jesus.

Emms explained how one night Jesus had taken her back to the hotel across the road and that they had this amazing night of carnal lust. A couple of weeks later she returned back and that this time one of his waitresses came with him and she had a first ever threesome. Ever since she comes back about once a month and often brings a new man along to spice things up, although the waitresses change quite a bit.

Emms explained that tonight it was going to be the five of us. Conchi, Lolly, Jesus, Emms and I and that we had all night to explore each other. Wow, this was going to be an experience and a half.

We got back to the hotel room and we didn't waste anytime in stripping off. Emms removed my clothes first. I was a bit embarrassed to start with as I do suffer from a spot of middle aged spread. She said nothing and when I fully naked she gently rubbed my stiffening cock as she gave me a slow deep kiss.

I then undressed her. She has such a lovely body, well toned. When she was fully naked I started to lick her nipples whilst my hand when down to her pussey. after a few minutes I suggested we try out the shower.

Emms agreed and we went into the shower together. It was a pretty crap shower and there wasn't much pressure but the water was at least hot. We soaped each other. Emms paid special attention to my cock, pulling back my foreskin and cleaning it nicely. I also washed her pussey whilst rubbing her breasts down nicely. 

It was a nice erotic shower but the main point was to get each other clean for the next stage of the evening.

Once we left the shower we rubbed each other dry. I then led Emma into the bedroom. Without saying a word I laid her down on the bed. I put her arms up to the bed posts, spread out and then I tied with some silk ties I had in my bag.

I then spread her legs out in a similar fashion, again tying them.

'For the next hour or so I'm going to prepare you for Jesus' I said.

'Oh yes, I can't wait for Jesus's fat cock up my cunt again' Emms replied.

I dived into bag and pulled out an assorted collection of toys. A strap on cock, a rabbit vibrator, a leather whip and some oils.

I dribbled on the oil over Emm's body. She writhed a little and then moaned when I start to massage in the oil. I spent a long time, a good half hour, massaging her legs, her arms, her breasts - dribbling on more oil when required. I thought Emms was going to sleep for a while until I got to her breasts and her eyes opened up.

I could tell the massage was having the desired effect becuase Emm's nipples were rock hard and the occasional foray down to her pussey showed me that she was dripping wet.

After a long while massaging Emms's I got out my leather whip.

'You are a whore Emm's and you need punishing before Jesus cums in you'

'Oh yes whip me Bob, whip me' she replied.

I started some with some soft and gently lashes on her belly. Emms writhed up, her bum lifting from the bed and with the ties tightening as a result. I then started to do a few mild lashes across her breasts which cased a similar reaction.

I then got out the rabbit. This was a deluxe platinum version. It was a good three inches thick with the vibrating bit having numerous vibrating modes. I switched on just the rabbit head to start with. I moved it across Emm's clit lips and within a few minutes she was moaning deeply obviously enjoying our little play. At this point I pushed the cock part of the vibrator deep in Emms and she gave out a large moan, again lifting her bum up from the bed.

At this point there was a knock on the door. Knowing that it must be Jesus I went to the door. Jesus and his two waitresses came in quickly. Jesus smiled once he saw Emms lying tied to the bed.

'You been having fun Emms' he asked.

'Oh yes Jesus, but now I need you thick cock' she replied.

Within seconds Jesus had completely stripped off, revealing a remarkably toned body. He was sporting a very thick cock. He pulled out the rabbit from Emms pussey and started to stroke his cock against Emms pussey lips.

Lolly, the other Spanish waitress was also now completely naked and was impaled on Emms face. Emms didn't waste any time and was straight away licking Lolly's pussey.

At this point Conchi grabbed my arms and led me away to the sofa besides the double bed. She stripped off quickly and told me to lie down on the sofa. My cock was rock hard and pointing to the ceiling. Conchi hovered above my cock and I was sure she was going to impale her pussey on it. Instead she carried on moving up my body and her pussey finally landed on my face. 'Lick me mi amour' I could hear through the muffled sounds.

My tongue soon had a marked effect on Conchi and her pussey dripped its juiced onto my face. My cock was now almost achig with stiffness. But without any notice at all, I soon felt Lolly's pussey slide down onto my shaft. 

Oh my God, this was bliss. I had a gorgeous Spanish girl riding my face and a pussy riding my cock. Next to me Jesus was pounding the life out of Emms, judging by the sounds. The next ten minutes were a blur. After a couple of minutes or so, Lolly and Conchi swapped. Conchi has a much tighter pussey and Lolly definitely tasted different, maybe it was my salty cock.

The killer combination of Conchi's tight cunt and her very vigorous bouncing was just too much for me. Within a few minutes I was moaning into Lolly's pussy and shouting my hot tickly cum into Conchi's tight pussy. Lolly and Conchi were pinching each others nipples and just after I had climaxed both girls started to cum as well. They were extremely vocal and at one point I thought Lolly was going to suffocate me!

Once both girls had calmed down, Lolly climbed off my face. Conchi climbed off my cock and almost immediately climbed onto Emms face, demanding that Emms clean her up. Emms didn't complain but went straight into her task.

Jesus at this point was ramming extremely hard and fast into Emms. God knows how he'd managed to keep it up for this long. Emms had long ago passed the point of now return and was moaning deeply, cumming every few minutes or so.

Lolly was now sucking my cock. Cleaning Conchi's pussey juices off it, whilst admiring Jesus's handy work. Jesus was now moaning loudly and obviously spilling his spunk deep into Emms. Jesus lay on top of Emms for a while before withdrawing.

Lolly them removed my cock from her mouth and went over to Jesus. She then started to clean his cock up with her mouth. Conchi climbed off Emm's face and made her down between her legs. Conchi was quickly slurping up Jesus's cum and Emm's love juice and she soon had Emm's moaning again.

At this point my cock was beginning to stiffen again. Ideally I wanted to fuck another pussey but Emm's was busy and Lolly was busy with Jesus's cock. As Conchi now had her ass bent up in the air licking out Emm's I took the opportunity to rub her pussey from behind. I met know resistance in fact she wriggled suggestively, so I pushed two figures in her pussey. She loved this so I started to finger fuck her. After a few minutes Conchi lifted up head and said

'Bob, fuck me in my ass. I need your cock in my ass'.

Bloody hell, I'd never done this before. Her cunt was tight enough as it was, her asshole might strangle my poor cock. I wasn't even sure if she could take my thick cock up there.

'Are you sure Conch. My cock's quite thick'

'Oh yes, fuck me in my ass' she replied.

So I moved my cock to Conchi's asshole. I rubbed her pussey and scopped up some of her love juices to wet up her ass a little. Rather than push my cock in her ass, I pushed it in her pussy. She moaned into Emms lap. I thn pushed a finger into her tight ass. God only knows how I was going to get my thick cock up their. It was damm tight. 

I pushed my cock in and out of Conchi's pussy a few times and once I thought my cock was well lubbed with her pussey juices I pulled out. Placing my cock near her asshole I pushed in ever so slowly. Wow it was as tight as I had expected. It was like having my cock in a vice. Over a few minutes I every so gently nudged my cock in deeper and deeper. Just as I was about fully in, Conchi asked if we could move to the sofa.

I grudgingly pulled my cock out and moved to the sofa. Conchi asked me to sit down and then she lowered her ass onto my cock, sitting on me. Jesus has now finished having his cock sucked and cleaned by Lolly and he was now fully erect again. He made his way over to Conchi and kissed her passionately for a few minutes and then asked her something in Spanish. She replied in Spanish and then I could feel Jesus's cock pushing into Conci. It was a weird sensation. Conchi gave out a loud scream.

At this point I could just about see Lolly putting on my large strap on cock which I had brought along me. She must have been hunting for some toys. Emms was still tied to the bed and within a few minutes, Lolly was fucking Emms with the strap on.
