 She wished Phillip paid a little more attention. After all, they had been married long enough for him to remember a simple thing like her birthday. None of her staff had remembered either, although if she were honest that was mostly by design. She had carefully cultured a professional distance in her role as manageress. Friendly, with an open door but very private nonetheless. 

"Oh well, brush off your tarnished tiara, Princess. Communicate your needs a little better in future." Phillip would have been profoundly busy with his own worries, perhaps when she got home they could find a late reservation at a local restaurant and celebrate. He would doubtless enjoy the distraction. He worked far too hard. 

The mini watched her from the car park. She liked to believe those round headlights were its eyes. Restoring it had been a labour of love and determination. The British racing green and the single white stripe for example, had taken countless hours to correctly colour match. Prepping the body and carefully spraying each of the thirty coats of enamel had taken her months. Her hands ached just thinking about the sanding and polishing. The rally spotlights, roll cage, most of the interior and the twin rear fuel cells had been imported to complete the rally look. A local mechanic friend who had worked on the European rally minis as a young man built the 1275 motor to competition specs. It was one of those vehicles that inspired you to take the long way home. 

"Hello Layla," she spoke to the little car. "You remember my birthday, don't you darling." She tossed her handbag in the back seat and fastened the racing harness. The little key found its female on the dash and she smiled in anticipation of Layla's throaty rasping burble and the thirsty sucking induction noise of the twin Webbers. 

The key turned and nothing happened. Confused, she pulled the key out and put it back in, turning it again. A faint click rewarded her and she immediately looked to the light switch.

"Dammit. Dammit to hell." She could not recall having turned the lights on. "Bloody hell, Layla. What to do now?" Taking her phone from her handbag, she tapped through for Phillips number. 

"Phil, can you call me when you get this love. I left the lights on in the mini again. I'll get the train so will be a bit late home. Don't worry about dinner. You can take me out to Francos and you can try to remember my birthday in future you arse-piece. If you ring early, you should secure a reservation. Love you darling. Mwa."

"Hi, Classic Autos Association. How can we help?" This second phone call felt horrible to make. She was proud of her automotive ability and despite Phillip insisting she took roadside assistance insurance, she had vowed never to need it.

With arrangements made, she fetched her purse from the hand bag and locked the mini. It was a five-minute walk to the train station and by the time she arrived, she was wishing she had brought a shawl. She wore only a light cotton sundress and the evening air was cooling quickly. Braless, her nipples responded naturally and made bullet shaped points against the floral cotton. She had only to follow the eyes of the two men waiting on the small platform to become aware of this.

"Bugger." She folded her arms across her chest and examined the timetable where she found the two connecting services that would get her. Purchasing tickets, she felt the familiar vulnerability public transport invoked. It was born of an irrational fear of someone pushing her from the platform, mixed with the remembered news stories of muggings and assaults and it was why she insisted on having her car despite the cost of city parking.

The central link was uneventful. Tired looking business people with their faces glued to their mobile phones and tablets sat silently as the train whirred along toward central station. "Organised sheep," she thought as the train stopped at a station and people herded themselves on and off the train still focused on devices and seemingly oblivious to each other.

It was only a short wait for the suburban link to arrive. The electric train whined to a halt and the doors hissed open. A few weary looking absent eyed people got out and Sue caught herself waiting for more to disembark before she realised they weren't going to. A helpful woman extended a hand and Sue took it, squeezing herself close to the huddle of people in the corridor of the carriage. Feeling the doors hiss close just inches from her she grabbed overhead for a strap. They were all being used, so she leaned against the closed doors for support, praying they did not open accidentally. 

The train lurched forward, whining its way up to speed. The joins of the track clacked rhythmically, lulling her disgust at this huddle of human smells and faces in a steady cadence of urban fact. Tickety, tack, tickety, tack. A bridge loomed against the sunset sky and for a moment she saw along the river far out to the bay suburbs. This city was as beautiful as it was anonymous. There must be a hundred strangers standing in twenty square meters of carriage, pressed more closely than is comfortable with loved ones but none make eye contact or speak. 

A change in the electric hum of the motors heralded an approaching station and the throng around her bustled with mumbled 'excuse me' and 'thankyous' as people shuffled for position near the door. She found herself pushed more centrally and spying a free leather strap she grabbed it more for security than for need. The doors hissed and vomited strangers onto the platform like a bloated caterpillar regurgitating aphids. More people got on and shuffled closely around her. She could feel them press against her. A woman stumbled and roughly shouldered Sue's breast. "Beg your pardon."

And on it went away from the city lights. Jostled and shoved amid anonymous smells and grunts, she smirked wondering if this was what it felt like to be a porn star in a gangbang scene. "Typical," she thought, "thinking about sex at a time like this." In her mind, the carriage held moustachioed men getting their dicks fluffed by kneeling women in preparation for their turn to roughly bump into her tits or stumble against her back. On the platform outside, she imagined a smoking woman holding a mop ready to clean up and still more men milling around wanking. 

A sudden set of turns pushed people roughly about and she became aware of someone pressed almost leaning against her lower back and arse. A faint cologne suggested a male person. He was so close that when the train bumped she felt his wallet in his pocket push against her hip. Her right hand held the strap tightly and her left pushed against her side. The train jostled her again and her forearm brushed the man's wallet. In that instant she realised that it was not his wallet but his aroused penis.

"Gross..." she thought as she convulsed in a full body wince.

She was startled by a deep voice behind her head, "Oh god, I'm so deeply sorry. How horribly embarrassing." 

She tried to turn and identify the speaker but could only see the side of his jaw and a dark business suit. "Hang on; I'll move a little..." She felt him put a hand on her hip and shove around and his thing dragged across her arse then stopped pressing into her. "I'm so sorry."

Sue managed a shrug but in truth, she was anything but nonchalant. She felt violated but she also felt sorry for the man. Part of her understood that the proximity and the jostling probably caused his unfortunately timed erection. She felt also, if she was honest about it, a little aroused. His erection felt thick and rock hard as he pushed it across her arse. Part of her was disgusted, but a more insistent and troublesome part of her had kicked into gear and now wanted to press back against the man and feel his hard cock again. 

The lights of a station loomed up ahead and the train began slowing. People jostled for position at the doors and Sue felt herself moved toward the corridor between the seats. At last, more people seemed to be leaving the train than boarding and the tight press of bodies relented. 

She turned seeking a new handhold but finding none moved a little closer to a seat back so as to have it within reach if needed. In doing so, she happened to see the dark suited man behind her and looked for a view of his face. Why that was important to her, she did not understand. Perhaps if he was not too ugly she might feel less violated? Perhaps if he was hideous she could file the experience under 'outraged' and deny the guilty stirrings of her loins?

She saw a slightly older man, perhaps in his early fifties with ashen sides to his well-groomed dark hair and a short neatly clipped beard. Not the hipster lumberjack variety, more 'Ghost and Mrs Muir' she decided. "Well ahoy there Captain." She thought playfully as she glanced down to confirm his continued arousal. His cock matched his physique. He was stocky and thickly built, hinting at a manual field of employment. "Building perhaps..." She thought as she admired his muscled arm holding a chrome rail. 

The train lurched as the doors closed and without the tight press of people around her, she stumbled. A strong arm curled around her waist protectively steadying her. "Oh... good arms." She thought steadying herself. He released her waist. 

"Thank you. Sorry." She offered. 

He replied silently with an embarrassed grimace that could almost be a smile then he looked away. For a moment as he had steadied her, his erection had pressed deep into the cleavage of her arse. "My god, that thing is substantial." She thought. Her breathing betrayed her unseen arousal. She felt a glorious flush of warmth through her lower belly and knew she was becoming quite wet. "Oh Phillip, you are in trouble later." She smiled to herself thinking of naughty things she could do while they were at dinner; feet in crotches and hands under tables...

Tickety tack, tickety tack, tickety tack, she let her mind wander. She imagined dropping to her knees right there in the carriage and taking the strangers thick hard cock in her mouth. In her mind, she sucked him until he came all over her face. The other passengers watched silently as she stood up afterwards and calmly wiped his sticky issue from her chin and forehead. She was lost in this imagination when the lights went out.

Blackness filled the carriage. Inky darkness and the strobing of passing tunnel lights filled her with sudden vertigo. She stumbled backwards and felt his strong arm around her waist again. 

"Are you okay?" 

"Sorry, lost my balance."

"What the hell is wrong with you Sue?" she asked herself as she gave in to the overwhelming urge to push her arse back onto his erection.

"You're okay. Can you reach the hand-rail?"

"No."

"Then I'll hold you till you find something."

"Thank you."

The smell of his suit and cologne filled her fuddled mind. She felt his erection pressed hard against her arse and curiosity made a sudden puppet of her. Her hand reached back to find his trouser leg and then burrowed in between them to caress the length of his cock. "My god, that must be eight inches long." She thought and firmly squeezed and stroked the hardened length of him. Behind her, she felt his breath on her hair and heard him mumble, "Oh god..." His hips jerked in tiny thrusts pushing his prong into the cleft of her arse cheeks as she rubbed the shaft of him. Emboldened, his hand moved from her waist seeking the firmness of her breasts. He gently smoothed his hand across first one breast then the other and she leaned her shoulders back into his chest. He fumbled with the strap of her dress and slipped one shoulder free granting skin to his fingers. She almost cried out when his thumb and finger found her nipple but bit her lip and searched for his zip. 

He had both shoulder straps of her dress undone now and his hand roamed from breast to breast, tweaking and squeezing. She had found his zipper and pulled it down. Her small fingers curled inside his pants and pulled his rigid dick out of his fly. She stroked the hot skin up and down and gasped audibly as the train suddenly exited the tunnel and the carriage filled with twilight. 

Her hand released its prize and grasped the seat that she could now see beside her. His hands returned to his pockets and they stood there as if nothing had happened. Except now, her dress was down to her waist and her breasts nakedly addressed the carriage of earnestly averted eyes and stolen glances. Embarrassment at her sudden exposure added a fresh flush to her aroused face.

The woman in the seat facing her looked daggers into Sue's eyes and spoke harshly to the young man beside her. "Don't look David, you'll just encourage her." 

David looked. A lot.

While holding the seat for support she tried to lift her right arm up from where it was pressed against her side to re-fasten the straps of her sundress but the throng of close pressed bodies prevented her. Every bump and turn pressed her naked breasts into the back of the woman in front of her and drove the shaft of his erection more firmly between the crevice of her arse cheeks. Passengers all around her turned heads quickly when she looked their way but she knew them all to be sneaking what glances they could.

Tickety tack, tickety tack, the train whirred on through the night. City lights stretched away as far as she could see and she knew there were two more tunnels and another twenty minutes of this out of control train ride left. "This sort of thing never happens to me." Sue thought breathing heavily and involuntarily pushing back against the stranger's penis. "God, I want that in me." She closed her eyes as if shutting them would make all of the other passengers and her semi-nudity disappear. 

She opened them just in time for the second tunnel. She could see the yawning darkness ahead of her and a thrill rippled through her. "Oh god, what now?" she thought and saw the same thought reflected in the eyes of a few other passengers who had turned heads toward her when they saw the tunnel looming. 

Sudden blackness swallowed the train again. The only light this time was a faint green glow from safety lights in the corridor. She moaned as she felt his rough hand slide up her side seeking her breasts. It was joined this time by a slender hand, much softer, that rubbed the roundness of her breast and warmly cupped her right nipple before sliding away. Other hands reached for her breasts and pinched and rubbed. She sighed loudly and abandoned herself to the stimulation which felt intensified by the darkness. 

"David, sit down." She heard from nearby and she wondered if one of the hands belonged to the young man. 

The strangers beard tickled against her ear and he whispers, "Is this Okay? Shall I stop?" And in question his hand travelled lower down her belly.

"Uh..." Is all that she managed before his fingers deftly found the hem of her dress and bunched it up high enough to slip fingers inside her knickers. 

"Oh..." His fingers found her clit and rubbed small circles into it. Her back arched of its own accord and she ground against his hard cock. She lets go of the seat and reached back to guide his cock roughly downward between her thighs. She felt the engorged rod poke hotly against her knickers and thighs and squeezed her legs onto it. His fingers worked furiously on her clit, dipping occasionally to slick themselves in her arousal. Curious hands fondled her breasts, two and three, maybe even more hands, it was hard for her to keep count. Her body no longer belonged to her but to the carriage of strangers.

One of the extra hands moved lower to where the stranger, 'the captain' was working and the two hands battled for access. The captain's hand won and plunged fingers deep into her, claiming its spoils. Muffled grunts and shuffling told her that people were moving to get closer to her; shoving each other in eagerness to grope her.

"Uh... Oh... mmm... yes, yes... nnghh... Goddddddd!" Her orgasm claimed her throat and made a toy of it. His fingers stopped moving inside and around her clit and just held her steady while random strangers played with her tits and his hot cock throbbed between her thighs. She reached for the seat with her left hand to steady her trembling knees and her mind reeled. 

His cock withdrew and left a cold shadow between her legs as he moved her dress over her arse and down past her thighs till it fell to the floor. She felt his fingers explore the elastic of her knickers and pull it to the side. His hot cock edged in past the elastic and slid slick along the wet lips of her cunt. The heavy throbbing knob of it poised at her opening... 

And the lights came on. 

David's lady friend gasped and covered the smiling young man's greedy eyes. A collective murmur fell into hushed nervous quiet as the entire carriage now saw Sue completely naked except for her polka-dot cotton briefs. She had no time to look from eye to eye and see the diverse reactions. She didn't see envy, didn't see lust, didn't see embarrassment or disgust. For the time being all she was aware of was the large throbbing penis wedged firmly between her upper thighs, threatening to penetrate her with every jolt and bump of the train.

The huddle of bodies around her felt closer, despite the fact that several people left the carriage at the station. Now and then, a stranger gathered enough courage to reach a hand out and touch her naked breasts or feel along the round of her hips. A tall African man watched her with inky expressionless eyes and Sues eyes widened at the growing lump in his trousers. The stranger behind her remained still with one hand on the rail letting the slight movements of the train jostle his knob along Sue's wet pussy lips. 

It took a very long five minutes to reach the next station. Her cheeks burned red in blush as people smiled and nodded before leaving the train. One or two even silently reached out to touch her tits one last time before disembarking. She almost cried out in protest as she saw a man wave from the platform outside with a floral printed cotton scrap that she knew had been her dress.

The carriage only held half as many people standing now. Her arms were no longer pressed to her sides and people could turn fully around to openly ogle her. She wondered should she move apart from the stranger but that would expose his cock and people would know that not only was she almost naked, she was close to fucking a stranger. 

A man to her right was openly masturbating. He had unzipped his pants and taken out his dick. He rubbed his cock in slow lazy strokes and fed his hungry eyes on her body. A woman in a dark grey business suit made eye contact and licked her lips then smiled and bustled her way a little closer blocking Sues view of the African man's growing third leg. She felt a bit like a zoo exhibit. "Ladies and gentlemen, step right up... The naked ape in heat." She imagined a megaphone voice. A sudden lurch of the train interrupts her mental picture as his knob is plunged into her pussy briefly then plops back out. She wondered if anyone could see the stranger enter her underneath her knickers. She looks from face to face but only the wanker with little white dick out looks back at her with any sort of registered expression. It's all she can do not to reach back and force him back inside her.

"You're already mostly naked Sue, you might as well just fuck him in front of all these people." Her inner voice has lead her into trouble many times before and she resolves to retain this last shred of decency as she rides the train in just her knickers with a strangers hard cock between her thighs.

The slight back and forth of the train and the reciprocal back and forth of the strangers cock have brought her very close to a second orgasm and she knew the smell of her arousal must be quite evident to everyone in the carriage. Her juices have leaked down her thighs and occasionally she thought she even heard the squelchy naughtiness between her legs. Her breath came in short shallow pants and her knuckles glowed white where she gripped the seat back for support. 
