 Mark wasn't used to being a stranger in a foreign land. He felt blessed at his good fortune to be selected for a year-long student exchange program in Italy, but he was not quite yet fully accustomed to his new surroundings. His college Italian had certainly helped thus far. He had studied French in high school, but felt a yearning to branch out in a new linguistic direction once he had the freedom to choose his path. Mark had become quickly aware, however, that, when learning a foreign language, there was a vast difference between the laboratory conditions of a university classroom and the "real world."

As part of his program agreement, Mark had to live with an Italian family and not in student housing. Maria, the mother, was a widow with a single child, a daughter, Daniella, like Mark about 21. In all but the most formal situations, Maria called her "Dani," which Daniella also preferred.

Maria's living came, in part, from what her husband had left her, but also from running an artist supply company. Given Italy's long association with art, business was always brisk, even during hard times.

Mark had taken a liking to Dani from the moment he set eyes on her. She spoke excellent English, and was very patient in coaching him in his Italian. Mark buzzed inside almost every time he talked with her, and her beauty commanded his attention even when they weren't talking. He wondered if she occasionally caught him stealing a furtive glance her way. Mark tempered his infatuation, though, with the certainty that she must have a boyfriend that he simply hadn't met yet.

Maria's business came in many ways: walk-ins, of course, e-mail, fax, even by phone, which tended to be the most time-consuming. During Mark's third week in Italy, one phone call particularly animated Maria. Her best and most well-known customer needed supplies immediately. Mark couldn't quite understand the whole conversation, real Italians speaking their language far faster than what Mark did in class, but he was sure he heard "Dani," "Marco" and "Sardegna." Mark thought "Marco" must be Dani's boyfriend. After all, he reasoned, if Maria was speaking about him, wouldn't she have just said "Mark?"

A fax arrived shortly afterwards, and Maria's meager staff sprang into action, assembling the special order. Maria spoke quickly with Dani, prompting her to speak with Mark immediately afterwards.

"We must pack a bag for a trip. We'll be back in a few days, but we must get to the airport soon," Dani told Mark.

"Where are we going?" he asked.

"Sardegna," she replied, "but in English you say 'Sardinia.' Mama must get some artist supplies to Gia today. You know this Gia, si?"

"Um," he stammered, unable to remember the Italian word for "unfortunately." 

"No," he blurted.

Dani was very reassuring. "That's OK," she said. "She's very popular for her portraits, landscapes and seascapes. People like her because there is no confusion when you see her work. Go get your bag."

"Can't she just buy supplies there?"

"Gia is a customer of Mama's since I was a little girl. She used to live here. It's actually cheaper for her because things are so expensive in Sardegna, even with shipping. Mama's clients are impressed that Gia orders from her, so she gives Gia a discount, too."

As Mark left to pack a carry-on, he wondered how he would pay for this, being on a budget as most exchange students were. Dani stopped him.

"Mark, I almost forgot to tell you. Gia wants to host you for a few days because of what Mama told her. That is why we are not coming back right away. Gia's paying for everything."

"So, Marco isn't your boyfriend?" he asked.

"Your Italian is getting better. Molto bene," said Dani. "You are the Marco you heard Mama talk about. I don't have a boyfriend."

Mark thought young Italian men must either be blind or stupid, maybe both. Either way, he felt some sense of relief that there wasn't someone out there who would always keep Dani out of reach. To him, she became instantly more approachable.

During the drive to the airport and the flight, Dani and Mark talked, some in English, some in Italian, but the subject always came back to Gia. Mark was getting the idea that he was somehow being prepared for a venture into the unknown.

"Gia is what you may call a 'free wind,'" Dani noted.

"You mean 'free spirit?'"

"Si," she laughed. "'Free spirit.' She lives alone in a villa overlooking the ocean. Gia likes to go to the sea at sunrise or sunset and paint her inspiration. Visitors to hotels also commission work from her, so she must be very good and do her work quickly."

There was no mistaking Gia at the airport. Dani, of course, knew her, but even Mark could have picked her out based only on what he had heard from his conversations with Dani. Looking no more than 30 with shoulder-length black hair, a curvaceous body, and form fitting t-shirt and jeans, Gia's outgoing personality dominated the arrival hall.

"Benvenutti!" she called, hugging and kissing the cheeks of Dani, then Mark. 

"How you are liking Italia, Marco? Maria says very nice things about you. So, you here to be Italian, vero?"

"Si, grazie!"

"Ok, we get my order and go to my home. Let us go!"

Mark had never seen someone quite so in love with life as Gia. Although he and Dani were about the same height, Gia was three inches taller, about six feet. During the ride to her villa, everything about her screamed a zest for living that Mark was almost certain didn't exist in the United States. By the time they arrived, the sun was already dipping below the horizon, marking the end of a beautiful Sardinian day. They unloaded the car, with Mark being shown the way to the studio to drop off the boxes. He retrieved his carry-on and was shown the way to his room, quite impressed with Gia's home - large kitchen, formal dining area, an informal dining area next to the living room, in which a plush rug covered the floor in front of a fireplace, and a veranda with a commanding view of the sea with a jacuzzi larger than any he had seen before. No "starving artist," she.

"Marco, put your things in your room come out to veranda," Gia invited.

He returned a few minutes later, joining a solitary Dani.

"What now?" he asked.

"Gia wants to share a glass of wine and some food before we sleep," explained Dani.

Gia did not so much return as she made an entrance, with a food tray that included traditional breads. "Wine, some cheese and a little pane. Who's ready?" she announced.

Mark was transfixed more by what he saw than what he heard. Gone was Gia's original outfit. She was now barefoot and clad with a more casual t-shirt and running shorts. As he studied the movements and swing of her body as she walked out to the veranda, Mark sensed that what he saw was all of what she was wearing, with nothing underneath.

Gia poured wine for her guests, inviting them to make their own food plates. Mark had not been a connoisseur of red wine, but what Gia served was heavenly. He felt flush soon after his first sip, as did Dani, and by the second glass everyone was much more relaxed and mellow.

"So, Marco," Gia said, "tomorrow we all go to beach for picnic, sun and fun, OK? The beaches of Sardegna are most beautiful on earth."

"Molto bene, grazie," he replied. The wine had made them all a little drowsy, and after a mutual "bueno notte," they parted ways to their rooms.

The next day was simply brilliant - not a cloud in the sky, and the constant breeze kept a slightly cooler temperature to their locale. Mark's deep slumber was interrupted by the vivaciousness of his host.

"Café Italiano ready!" Gia called.

She had a very nice coffee service prepared for her guests, along with a traditional European continental breakfast of some fruits, sliced sandwich meats, cheeses, juice and bread.

Mark grabbed a quick shower in his spacious bathroom, cleaned up and proceeded to the kitchen area, stretching his arms along the way. Interestingly, Dani appeared to have been awake for some time already, looking refreshed and made up after the previous day's mini-adventure.

"You sleep well, Marco?" she asked.

"Si, a very deep sleep. I think il vino italiano may be why," he answered.

Mark was surprised that Dani had adopted Gia's form of address. Was her personality rubbing off?

He took his coffee and breakfast plate to the veranda, soaking in the view. Dani joined him, startling Mark as she rested her head on his shoulder.

"Bella, si?" she asked.

"Si, bella."

Feelings stirred within him, as Gia joined them outside.

"We are missing the day," she pronounced. "Towels are down the hall. Marco, help me make our basket."

Mark followed her directions, taking special care to pack and store the wine, glasses and cheeses. Dani returned with several beach towels, and as they headed out the door, Mark hesitated, then ran back to his room, grabbing a pair of shorts so that he could have dry clothes after a swim.

After he quickly returned, Gia asked, "Why you need those?" She shrugged her shoulders, tossed her head and ordered, "Let's go!"

Stairs criss-crossed down the cliff from where Gia's villa was perched. While Gia and Dani conversed in Italian, Mark followed behind, marveling at their legs and how their bodies freely bounced under their fabric veneer. He excitedly thought they must be wearing some very "European" swim suits.

After a few minutes walk along the beach, they came to a secluded area with a magnificent view of the ocean, but where no one could see them unless they walked directly in front. They were the only ones in sight.

"So, Marco, you like my secret spot? It's very beautiful, si?" asked Gia.

Mark had to suppress a laugh, not quite sure if Gia was aware of her double entendre.

After Dani lay out the towels, creating an area with ample room for them all, Mark placed the picnic basket centered along the edge opposite the ocean, then joined the women as they all removed their shoes.

He froze. Dani and Gia didn't stop with their shoes. In unison, they pulled off their tops, each revealing an amazing pair of delightfully naked breasts, Gia's fuller, Dani's firmer, after which they gently eased their shorts just over their hips. Their form-fitting fabrics simply fell to the towels, fully exposing their luscious bodies while they stepped out and arranged their now lifeless clothing. He could only stand there mouth agape. Their "European" swimsuits were no swimsuits at all.

As the women turned to check out Mark, Gia asked, "Marco, is something wrong? Come, you be naked, too."

Mark was getting hard - fast - and his uncertainty about what to do next virtually paralyzed his ability to speak.

"Marco," said Gia, "you are in Italia now, so you must act italiano. When you go back to America, you can be americano again."

Both Gia and Dani seemed pleasantly amused at Mark's hesitation.

"Gia, I think Marco may be shy. Maybe we should help," suggested Dani.

With that, they sauntered over to him, his eyes absorbing the nearing physical masterpieces.

"It is OK, you just relax," said a reassuring Dani. "It is natural."

Dani lifted Mark's shirt over his head while Gia unsnapped his shorts and pulled down the zipper, its sound being more sensual than almost anything Mark had ever heard. The bulge protruding in his cotton briefs poked through this opening, bringing a smile to Gia's face that radiated even more as she slid down his shorts, leaving him only in his underwear. His condition was evident to them all, and sensing an opportunity, Gia paused for a moment to look at Mark's cotton-encased erection and then back up at Mark's eyes, then back. Even Dani was getting a kick out of the gentle torture. Gia placed her hands on Mark's hips, then slipped her fingers under the waistband and slowly began to pull his briefs down to his ankles. Mark's penis sprung out and lightly bounced and waived, slightly more as he stepped out of the clothing at his feet, the cool ocean breeze heightening his sensations all the more. It hovered inches from Gia's face.

"Ohh, Dani, look, Marco is not italiano," noted Gia upon seeing Mark's circumcised penis. "Marco is real americano. I have not seen one before, not with American man, only pictures."

Dani looked approvingly, lightly caressing Mark's back, making him harder by the second.

Gia stood up, just in front of him, whispering in his ear, "See, that not so bad, vero?" The tip of Mark's penis nestled in Gia's thick pubic hair. She remained there, slightly moving her hips so that it brushed all over his penis until he could only whisper, "no."

The women took their time preparing their spots while Mark rushed to lay stomach-down, concealing his embarrassment. Gia and Dani couldn't help but smile, but they didn't laugh. Mark eyed them as they rested on their knees, removing the wine and uncorking a couple of bottles.

They also set out glasses, bread and some butter. After pouring three glasses of wine, Gia extended Mark's to him, but he was so afraid of getting up that all he could do was meagerly extend his arm to grasp it with his fingertips. Dani and Gia didn't have a care in the world as they raised a toast, while all Mark wanted to do was raise himself up on his forearms and toast them in return.

The wine had an immediate warming effect on all of them. Like Mark, the women lay on their stomachs, continuing the wine tasting and making chit-chat. Mark looked longingly at them and couldn't help but admire their form - how the curve of their backs dipped down and then raised over their firm tushes, down their legs and ending at their feet. Gia and Dani noticed his admiration.

"So, Marco, there is much to be said for Italian scenery, si?" said Dani.

"Molto si." It was terrible Italian but it got the point across.

They were all now well into their second glass of wine, prompting Dani to butter some bread and have a bite. She offered rolls to Gia and Mark as well, and after having some more, started dabbing her finger in the butter and playfully putting pats here and there on Gia's body. Gia laughed and was surprised as Dani then took some bread and wiped up the butter, offering it to Gia to eat. Mark wished for a taste.

Gia returned the favor, and soon she and Dani giggled at this very intimate food fight. Mark took it as his own private show, laughing with them as well. He was also incredibly turned on, so much so that his erection ached. Dani and Gia watched Mark as he watched them. Keeping her eyes fixed on Mark, Dani whispered something in Gia's ear. Gia got a wicked grin, and enthusiastically nodded "yes." The ladies turned over on their backs, propping themselves again up on their forearms.

"Marco," said Gia, "you really should be on your back now like us. Too much sun can cause problems back there, and you have days here before you travel again."

"I can't," he pleaded.

"Is it because of your pene?" asked Dani.

"No," he said, somewhat confused. "My bread is fine."

Now Gia and Dani laughed.

"No, Marco," answered Dani. "Pane," emphasizing the short "a," "means 'bread.'". "Pene," now stressing the first "e," "is your, umm...". She searched for the word. "Pene is your penis," she concluded so sweetly.

"Si, 'penis,'" agreed Gia.

"Si," he answered meekly.

"Marco," offered Gia, "we already see your penis. It is very beautiful. I want to paint you and your penis like we see. Maybe take pictures."

Mark drank more wine, the alcohol swarming his mind and eroding his inhibitions little by little.

"God gave you your body and it is art," Gia continued. "You like our art since we come to the beach. You now show us your art."

Mark hesitated and took a deep breath. He rolled over and rested completely on his back. Without flexing a muscle, he knew his penis already pointed skyward. Gia and Dani took in the sight of him, pausing to study his erection, watching it twitch ever so slightly and sway almost imperceptibly in the ocean breeze.

"Do you feel better?" Dani asked.

Mark had to admit he did. Gone was the intense pressure of his concealment, replaced by this new-found freedom. He watched Dani sip more wine, then saw again how she whispered something mysterious to Gia. Gia shook her head "no" and nodded back to Dani, eliciting a "no" from Dani. Whatever it was, Dani remained playfully emphatic that Gia should do it.

Gia turned on her side to face Mark, with Dani doing likewise behind her. He so wanted to explore them both.

"Marco, do you know how Dani go to university?" Gia asked.

"She studied?"

"Si, very long for many years. For someone in Italia to go to university, you must spend all your years in study all the time. But if Dani wanted university, she could not study men very much, vero?"

"Vero."

"Dani wants to study you now, so could you be teacher? No! Better! I be teacher, you be my helper, OK?"

"What do you mean?"

"You see."

Dani took a new bottle of wine and the glasses, and with Gia, walked on their knees to his side, Dani at his left hip and Gia at his right. For a moment, they just looked at Mark not saying a word. In spite of the wine's effects, he felt exposed and vulnerable, wondering what they were thinking while they were so close to his incredibly hard penis.

"So, Marco," asked Gia, "you not like your body?"

"Sure, I like my body. I was just afraid that you might think that, um..."

"He is afraid we know he thinks of l'amore," Dani suggested.

"Marco, l'amore è bene," said Gia. L'amore è bello."

Mark slightly trembled, still enough, though, to be noticed by Dani and Gia.

"The sun is so warm," Dani said. "Are you cold?"

"N-no."

"How do you feel?"

"Fine."

Dani smiled. "No, Marco, how do you feel with your pene so?"

"I'm buzzing all inside."

"Buzzing?"

It was a word neither Dani nor Gia knew, and their faces showed it.

"Um," Mark said, "elettricità," for electricity.

"Aaaahhh," cried Gia, "elettricità. Capiamo," indicating to Mark that they understood.

Gia and Dani began talking in their native tongue, Mark unable to understand much of anything, especially why Gia was waiving her hands about a foot over his body between his stomach and thighs.

"Marco," Gia posed, "is Dani right? We make you think about l'amore?"

Her fingertips ran lightly over Mark's thighs, up his hip and over his stomach, with Dani copying her moves on his other side. They smiled softly as they playfully searched his eyes for an answer.

"Yes," he gasped.

"All men think about l'amore, Marco," she said, their hands continuing their to-and-fro dance, but now with swirls through his pubic hair. The stiffness of his penis was a visual delight to Dani and Gia, as their touches made his erection sway from side to side. Their fingers now found their way to Mark's inner thighs, eliciting a light cry from him. Gia used her right hand to stimulate his right thigh as she began to graze his penis with her left. She circled his erection with her palm and the back of the hand over and over, then taking Dani's hand so that she could begin her own exploration. Dani was becoming more and more adept, and as her confidence grew, Gia nodded her head once. Keeping one hand playing with Mark's penis, Dani used her free hand to caress his thighs, his chest and especially his nipples, the way she wanted hers played with. Mark never knew the feelings could be so exquisite.

Gia, ever ready to push the envelope, raked her fingertips over the head of Mark's penis, a drop of pre-cum lingering, tugging up and down over the rim. He was writhing. She encouraged Dani to do likewise, taking turns, knowing exactly the effect they were having. They enjoyed themselves as much as Mark, but in wonderfully different ways.
