 The brochure did not mention the bed and breakfast would be decorated entirely in red and pink for the Valentine's Day weekend. There were twinkly lights around every window. Cupid decals all over the front door. They had put red cushions on every piece of outdoor furniture, candy and heart ornaments in all the evergreen trees near the front porch, and inflatable hearts throughout the entire grounds. Michelle could just barely see the igloos that had been constructed in the back yard. The ice in the igloos was dyed pink! She could not stifle a giggle when she saw Lee's horror stricken face. Michelle had booked this weekend in December and was so thrilled when everything aligned to allow them to finally have some time together. 

"Oh my God." She looked over at him when he said this; then, followed his gaze to the female behind the check-in desk. Michelle wasn't positive; but, she looked like she was completely nude in silver body paint covered with gold hearts. It looked like glitter might be mixed in with the paint. The female was slight of build with pitch black hair and silver eyes giving the impression of a Valentine's Day Fairy. She had forgotten to mention to Lee that this was an "adult" oriented bed and breakfast. 

They walked up to the desk and Michelle proceeded to register. She tried not to stare too strongly at the lady's heavy breasts. Each key stroke at the computer made her breasts jiggle and Michelle noticed that heart shaped bells were attached to her nipples. The check-in female was perky and named Cherry believe it or not. She handed them a lover's basket and wished them a lusty stay. The basket included condoms, candy scented candles, floral scented massage oil, a box of chocolates and a variety of fruit flavored lubricants. On the way upstairs, Lee leaned in and whispered "Are we really going to stay here the whole weekend?" 

She chuckled. "Yes and it will be worth your while. I promise." He stared at her and growled something under his breath. 

The room was covered in hearts, glitter, Valentine's Day decorations and metallic accents. Pink and red fabrics were splashed over nearly all the surfaces. The bathroom was lit by a pink set of light bulbs and all the towels were red. The soaps were shaped like hearts or pieces of candy. They had even went all out for this holiday by adding heart shaped beds to each room. The owners, a couple in their early sixties, were famous for focusing on all things for their holiday celebrations. Michelle and Lee unpacked while discussing the weekend's events. 

Tonight there would be a romantic, candlelight dinner followed by a lecture from a sexual therapist in the sitting room about the benefits and detriments of a variety of positions. Michelle smiled when she relayed the fact that it would be complete with show and tell. Saturday the usual breakfast and lunch buffets gave the owners a chance to show off their awesome culinary skills. A myriad of beautiful trails provided the guests with countless options for the hike scheduled after lunch. Saturday's dinner was followed by a presentation of a diverse collection of the toys they sold in the gift shop. Sunday was Valentine's Day; so, it was jammed full of romantic activities.

A full breakfast would be served to the guests while they were lounging in bed. The morning was dedicated to playtime in the snow. The owners provided real igloos for intimate moments and there was a small skiing mountain. An afternoon spa session followed the lunch buffet. Guests had the ability to have facials, manicures, pedicures, and massages. Lunch was served in bed giving couples more private time. During dinner belly dancers from one of the nearby studios would entertain the guests. The owners wanted to give an earthy feel to the evening; so, finger foods were served with an assortment of wine. A three hour lover's dance completed the night. 

Michelle started toting things into the bathroom; so, they could get ready for dinner. 

"Come on, we can't stay here. It is cheesy as hell." Lee said.

She came back in the room stark naked and replied. "You are going to have a great time." Michelle was 5'1 with naturally very light blond hair, blue crystal eyes, and a complexion so light she gave the appearance of translucency. At a glance she looked like an icy diamond. It was only when she opened her mouth that her fiery personality balanced her outward frigidity.

Lee was nearly her opposite. Tall, dark, and handsome. Calm and quiet, but very blunt. Years ago Michelle had fallen for the warmth and safety in his eyes. 

She rubbed her hands up his chest and settled them behind his neck to pull him down to kiss her. She was hungry and it showed in her aggressive kisses. Michelle bit, licked, and sucked his lips. She coaxed his tongue out of his mouth. All the time grinding her soft body onto his. She pulled back and cupped the hard bulge straining against his slacks. 

"See, you are enjoying yourself already."

He groaned, "I did not have to come to a bed and breakfast to want to get you naked in bed." 

Michelle knelt on the floor and reached for his zipper. She liked to tease him by slowly unzipping and licking her lips. When she unbuttoned his slacks and pulled them down it was a surprise to find he had worn no boxers. Michelle loved everything about cock; so, she nuzzled and rubbed her face over his hard flesh. Her hands rubbed up his thighs, onto his butt, and then pulled him closer to breathe in his manly scent. 

Michelle locked eyes with him and said, "I am going to suck your cock until your balls empty down my throat." With that her lips circled the head of his cock and she drove him into the hot wetness. It filled her mouth and pushed into her throat. She worked her tongue over his skin and sucked while massaging his balls. She pulled back and licked just the tip; so, she could taste the pre-cum oozing out. Lee grabbed her head and shoved back into her mouth. She swallowed all of him while making a groaning noise in the back of her throat.

It got Michelle off to suck cock and while he fucked her face she reached down to rub her swollen clit. Her fingers slid in between her lips and pinched her moist, sensitive flesh. He thrust harder into her throat; so, she tightened her grip on his balls. He was going to squirt and she craved that rush of hot liquid. Michelle worked her fingers feverously; so, she could orgasm with him. He pulled his cock back a little and she tasted the salty cum as it came out. He flooded her mouth only seconds before her own spasm began. 

Michelle swallowed nearly all of it. Just a bit spilled out of her mouth; so, she scooped it up with fingers covered with pussy juice and sucked them clean. She smiled and said, "Now, let's go take a shower."

The shower stall was huge and water sprayed from every direction. Pink light spun a dreamlike glow over them as they washed each other and took extra time to rub the most pleasurable areas. She felt his cock stiffen, again; so, she turned around and asked him to wash her hair. 

Lee gently worked the shampoo into her hair; but, his fingers dug into her scalp when she suddenly stood up on tip toes and impaled herself on his manhood. He loved to fuck her from behind and they had done this many times in the shower. This time, though, she wanted something a touch different.

She squeezed her pussy muscles hard on him and said. "Hold still." Michelle bucked back against him quickly. Her pussy clenching and unclenching, milking his cock. Each movement made her throb deep in her belly. He couldn't take it any longer: so, he reached forward and grabbed her tits. 

He twisted her nipples and pulled her back against him. "Now, you hold still." He growled in her ear right before he bit her shoulder and pulled his cock out to just shove hard back inside. "That's a good girl. Hold still." He pounded into her body. Lee felt her about to orgasm; so, he released his bite on her shoulder to whisper, "I am not going to come inside of you. I am going to make you beg for it later." Her pussy tightened and her orgasm shot from her belly to her spine. Electric shocks ran over her skin like fire.

After her last, tight spasm he stopped all movement. His cock still full and hard inside of her. Lee reached up to finish working the shampoo into her hair. When Michelle clenched, he spanked her ass and grunted. "Hold still." The shampoo was sudsy and it dripped down her back tickling her skin. He ran his fingers up her spine and very slowly rocked his hips back and forth while massaging her back. He pushed in hard to the hilt; then, the slow rocking back and forth commenced. Finally he held still and rubbed her slippery flesh. Her arms. Her hands. Her stomach. Her breasts. 

His hands worked down to her pussy. Her breathing became shallow and fast: and, he could tell she wanted to orgasm again. His fingers pinched her clit and he said, "I want you to come on my cock." He rubbed her clit fast and hard until he felt her muscles tighten on him. He stayed with her until her orgasm finished; then, pulled his cock out.

"Be a good girl and rinse your hair; so, I can finish my shower." Lee swatted her ass as motivation to hurry.

Dinner offered two vastly different experiences. The guests could stay in their rooms and be served privately or they could go to the dining room with other couples. Michelle and Lee decided upon the dining room. This weekend was centered on the Valentine's Day Holiday; so, she had packed a candy apple red dining gown. Strapless tight on her cleavage. The skirt fell to the floor; but, there were slits up to the thigh showing her creamy flesh. Fuck me heels and a gold choker sporting a heart shaped ruby completed the outfit. Lee thankfully allowed her to pack for him; so, he was very sexy in a black suit.

Most of the guests opted to stay in their rooms; however, Michelle and Lee were joined by a young couple. 

The dining room was full of candles and classical music played in the background. The tablecloth a startling shade of red was a perfect backdrop for the gleaming silverware placed around white china plates decorated with little red and silver hearts.

Terri and Brad, the young couple, were married on New Year's Day and planned on celebrating all the holidays this first year of marriage in a grand fashion. Terri, a flaming red head with hazel eyes, ironically had very shy and hesitant mannerisms. A complete lack of freckles made her skin look doll like. Brad had a short, stocky stature with black hair and nearly black eyes. They were very bubbly and excited to celebrate their first Valentine's Day as a married couple. 

The boisterous chatter ceased when the meal was served. An appetizer of spicy, vegetable soup plus French bread set the tone. It was followed by rib eye steak cooked to individual specifications with steamed vegetables as sides. Dessert is where the owners went crazy. Cakes, pies, cookies, candies, jellies, and chocolates were beautifully spread on the table for the guests to enjoy. 

Terri and Michelle both centered on chocolates whereas the men seemed to lean towards the pies. One last piece of chocolate remained on the plate; so, Michelle picked it up and rubbed it across her lips before placing it near Terri's mouth. She said, "Would you like a taste?" Terri flushed deep crimson and stuck out her tongue. Michelle slowly placed the chocolate on Terri's tongue; then, licked her own fingers clean. "Good isn't it?" Michelle asked. Terri nodded and giggled. 

The host cleared his throat and said. "The lecture will begin in about fifteen minutes. Would the four of you like to join us in the sitting room?" The couples slowly rose to leave. They loathed to break the intimacy of the dinner. Three couples were already waiting.

The older couple looked like life sized versions of Ken and Barbie. A couple in their early twenties with black hair, white makeup, and black clothing painted a picture of the Goth lifestyle. A couple from the suburbs were quiet and very shy. The clear cut groupings of contrasting outward appearances amused Lee and he hoped for some dramatic entertainment this weekend. 

Michelle and Lee settled in near Terri and Brad.

The sitting room, like the rest of the bed and breakfast, was smothered in Valentine's Day decoration. Michelle occasionally reached out to stroke Terri's arm or thigh while they were getting to know the other couples. Right before the lecture began five other couples hurried in. A local sex therapist came in for this event each year.

She discussed different sexual positions in depth and asked for volunteers to demonstrate each. Michelle was a voyeur; so, she gained much pleasure in the other guest's reactions to the conversation. Michelle noticed that Terri's breath sped up when the therapist mentioned a woman on her hands and knees with her partner behind her. So far only Michelle and Lee seemed comfortable enough to volunteer in front of the crowd. When the therapist mentioned the doggy position and asked for a demonstration, Lee stood up. Instead of following him, Michelle said, "Terri, why don't you help Lee display the position?" Terri looked at Brad and he nodded. She chuckled nervously, but got up anyway. 

Terri knelt in position and Lee moved down behind her. The therapist started pointing out the ease of access and benefits of this position. Lee put his hands on Terri's hips and Michelle didn't miss the tiny moan of pleasure that came from Terri's mouth. The therapist went on to discuss a few other positions and each time Michelle prompted Terri to get up with Lee. Michelle paid close attention to Brad's reactions and was pleased to see he was definitely enjoying himself. The outline of his hard cock was visible through his slacks. Oh, what things they were going to do with this couple.

The lecture ended and the host thanked all the guests for picking his bed and breakfast to celebrate Valentine's Day. Cherry distributed little pamphlets of sexual positions as the couples exited. When Michelle and Terri were about to part ways, Michelle leaned in and whispered, "We are in room three if the two of you would like to come for a visit." She then kissed Terri full on the mouth letting her tongue tease her lips open. Michelle gently sucked her tongue and grazed her hand over Terri's breast. Lee and Michelle then left to go to their room.

Michelle and Lee climbed into the heart shaped bed and cuddled like spoons to fall asleep. She amused herself when she found the bed's remote control by turning on the vibration function. They both erupted into laughter. The vibration was so strong that it could over power a Harley motorcycle. She clicked it off and snuggled back into Lee's arms. The bedding was a deep rose color and smelled of roses. To be truthful, the overwhelming Valentine's Day theme was a bit cheesy; but, she was really enjoying herself.

Around two in the morning they were awoken by a knock at the door. Michelle smiled because she knew it would be Terri and Brad. She was a good read on people and they were going to have a lot of fun with this couple. Lee got out of bed and, yes, it was Brad and Terri. They were dressed in the white robes provided by the bed and breakfast. They must have taken a shower because their hair was wet and the cloth clung to their bodies.

Michelle pulled the covers back and said, "Terri, come here." She came to the side of the bed, but hesitated as if she didn't know what she should do.

"Have the two of you ever had sex with another couple before?" Lee asked.

Terri blushed and replied, "No, but we have really wanted to."

Michelle took this opportunity to untie the belt on Terri's robe. 

She smiled. "Oh, my. You are a natural red head." 

She sat up and pulled Terri closer to her. The robe fell down her arms when Michelle traced her tongue over Terri's nipples. First one; then the other. Little licks to bring the nipples to bud. She arched into Michelle's mouth and her legs spread open slightly.

Michelle reclined back on the bed and said. "I want you to sit on my face; so, I can taste your pussy." She licked and sucked Terri's clit lightly. Michelle grabbed her hips and held her down on her mouth while she tongue fucked her. Licking and sucking hard until her clit was swollen; then back to tongue fucking. Terri bucked on Michelle's face. The whole time reaching up and twisting her own nipples.

Lee looked over at Brad. "Do you want to fuck Michelle?

Brad nodded and walked over to the bed. He pushed Michelle's knees up and got between her thighs. He looked down at Michelle's shaved pussy and a jolt of excitement shot though him. He could see his wife grinding her pussy on Michelle's face and he was about to fuck the same woman. Brad inched his cock into Michelle and she moaned into Terri's pussy. He worked it in and out until it glistened with her moisture. Brad had a thick cock and he loved the slow feeling of stretching a woman open. Terri was getting really close to orgasm; so, Michelle pushed her upwards.

Michelle said. "Now, we are going to do your favorite position."

She leaned her head back and said. "Brad, I want your cock in my mouth." Lee knew what Michelle wanted. He walked to the end of the bed and pulled Terri into a kneeling position over Michelle; then, rubbed the head of his cock against her hot pussy lips. 

Lee pushed his entire length into Terri at the same time that Brad eased his cock into Michelle's mouth and throat.

Terri watched Brad's cock shove into Michelle's mouth and she was mesmerized. She reached down to finger fuck Michelle as Brad rammed into her throat. Each thrust from Lee rubbed Terri's and Michelle's nipples together. 

Lee pounded Terri's pussy until he felt his cum squirt into her belly. 

"Terri, don't move." Lee said.

Brad was getting close to orgasm, as well; so, Michelle reached up and grabbed his balls and all the hot cum emptied into her throat. 

Brad pulled out and Michelle said, "Terri climb back up on my face; so, I can clean the cum out of your pussy."

Terry straddled Michelle's mouth and felt her tongue digging all of Lee's seed out of her. Craving that one more orgasm Michelle worked Terri's puffy flesh until she felt pussy juice dripping onto her neck.

Terri and Michelle stayed in the bed cuddling and petting while Brad and Lee took turns cleaning up in the shower. By the time the couple left everyone was exhausted.

Breakfast was always a big affair. The owners did a huge buffet that included every type of egg you could imagine. There was sausage, bacon, Canadian bacon, steak, and sliced chicken. They had hot and cold cereals. Muffins, bagels, and croissants. Orange, apple, and grape juice. Thankfully they had a lot of coffee and tea.

Michelle and Lee sat at the dining table both having coffee and bagels with cream cheese. Neither of them were large breakfast people; so, it was a big event for them to have the bagels.

Brad and Terri came in for breakfast and joined the couple. They sampled a little bit of everything on the buffet.

It was a beautiful day outside and all the curtains in the dining room were thrown open to allow the sunshine in. 

The conversation was cheery and upbeat. Michelle and Terri chattering like old friends. 

Breakfast ended with the host providing each of the guests with a map of the trails that they could pick from. It was cold and snowy; so, everyone was provided with a backpack of essentials. Blanket, water, flashlight, compass, matches, things of that nature. Granola bars, apples, and oranges were provided as snacks to take along the hike.

Lee asked, "Michelle, honey, would you like to go back to the room and pick a trail?" 

"Sure." Michelle said.

Back in their room, Michelle began to take clothing off.

"What are you doing?" Lee asked.

"You wanted to come back to the room. I figured..." 
