 ***This story could be classified in several categories, but since there is more than one person involved, I went with Group Sex. There are some conversations that I was not involved in that I pieced together after the fact.***

Cast of Characters: 

Tim Johnson - 18 yrs old, 5'11" tall, 155 lbs, brown hair, blue eyes, 6" dick. The ultimate average guy and until recently, a virgin.

Linda Spinelli - 32 yrs old, 5'8" tall, 130 lbs, black hair, dark almost black eyes, full figured, large breasts, slim waist, full hips and ass. Took Tim's virginity.

Sarah Andrews - 28 yrs old, 5'1" tall, 98 lbs, blonde hair, blue eyes, slim figure, small breasts and waist, fabulous ass. Linda's best friend.

------

As we get older, we look back on the past as the "good old days". I believe the term is looking at life through rose colored glasses. But this time in my life WAS the good old days. I was young, healthy and for the first time in my life sexually active. With another person anyway. 

That person was Linda Spinelli, the secretary at the construction company where I worked in the late 70's as a gopher/office assistant/laborer. She was Italian, dark, full bodied, looking like a taller Annette Funicello. She embodied my vision of the perfect woman. She had recently taken my virginity after the company Christmas party and we had what is now called a "friends with benefits" relationship. Oh, the things she taught me! 

This story takes place a couple months after that night. We had to keep our relationship secret for obvious reasons. People were less accepting back then. That is why I was a bit surprised when Linda invited me to a party at her house one Saturday night.

As I waited at the door, bottle of wine in hand (my parents always told me not to arrive empty handed and drinking age was 18 then), I wondered again about my invite to this party. Since our relationship had to stay secret and most of her friends would be older and more sophisticated, I was not looking forward to this party. 

Linda answered the door looking beautiful as always. She wore a tight black dress which showed her ample cleavage and hugged her hips and ass sexily. She wore a simple string of pearls around her neck with matching pearl earrings. Of course she had on heels with straps around her sexy ankles.

As she hugged me briefly, she whispered, "No public affection tonight, we're just friends, right? I will make it up to you later though!"

Linda led me in and introduced me around. As expected, everyone was older and I felt uncomfortable. I made my way to the bar and fixed myself a rum and coke. As I stood off to the side by the bar, I saw Linda lead a short blonde woman in making introductions. 

She was very petite with short blonde hair in what I always thought of as a pixie cut. I thought she was very pretty with small breasts but a killer ass. She wore a light blue dress that hugged her tight butt, highlighting it very well. As I watched, they made their way over to me and Linda introduced us, "Sarah Andrews meet Tim Johnson. Timmy, this is Sarah."

On a side note here, I was called Timmy for the first 16 years of my life. I then spent the next two getting people to call me Tim. Then Linda comes along and I am back to Timmy! Oh well.

"Nice to meet you Tim, Linda has told me a lot about you," said Sarah. I glanced at Linda when Sarah emphasized "a lot" but she just smiled.

Linda then said, "I have to play host and mingle tonight but I thought you two would hit it off and keep each other company." With that she walked away to do just that.

Sarah looked even prettier close up with ice blue eyes that were brought out by her blue dress. I offered to make her a drink and she said, "I'll have what you're having."

As I made her drink, I found out that she was 27 and worked in real estate. "I'm surprised we haven't run across each other before, I show your company's houses often," she said.

"Is that how you met Linda," I asked?

"No, we are both members at the racket club. They have a woman's league, that's where we first met," Sarah replied. "Why are you smiling?"

"I'm sorry. I was trying to imagine Linda keeping her tits under control on a racketball court!"

Sarah laughed, saying, "Oh yeah, she has to strap those babies down tight!"

I found Sarah to be very intelligent and easy to talk to. We were both rather shy and quiet, and kept to ourselves most of the night. Linda stopped by to join us occasionally, then was off to mingle some more. 

We got a couple more drinks and headed out to the pool deck where it was quieter. As the night progressed, I realized I was quite attracted to Sarah. This made me feel guilty even though Linda and I were definitely not exclusive.

As if on queue, Linda appeared and said, "Timmy, can you drive Sarah home? That tiny body can't handle much alcohol and I don't want her driving." Then, hugging me, she whispered, "Come back here afterwards so we can have some time alone."

Of course I agreed and we left. I could not help but notice Sarah's sexy legs as her dress rode up her thighs when she sat in the passenger seat of my car. When we arrived at her house, I walked Sarah to her door (another lesson my parents taught me). I was awkwardly trying to say goodnight when Sarah pulled my head down and gave me a quick kiss on the cheek. 

"Goodnight Timmy," she said softly. Then went inside. I stood there for a minute wondering about the things I was feeling. How could I be attracted to Sarah when I was heading back to Linda, my dream woman? I was feeling guilty and not sure why.

These thoughts continued as I drove back to Linda's house. I helped her clean up when I arrived. Then Linda took my hand and led me to her bedroom. We slowly undressed each other, then lay on her bed, kissing and fondling each other gently. 

Linda moved down my body and took my now hard shaft into her mouth. She looked into my eyes as she moved her lips to the base of my cock. To this day, I don't think I have seen a more erotic sight. We usually started our nights together with oral. I think Linda wanted to take the edge off for me so I lasted longer during sex, but she also seemed to genuinely like the taste of cum. Little did I know how rare a woman she was!

With all the sexual tension with both Sarah and Linda, it did not take me long to approach my climax. As my breathing and moans increased, Linda stroked the base of my cock and increased the pace of her bobbing and sucking. With a long moan, I shot off a big load that Linda swallowed after savoring it a second. 

As if in answer to my earlier thoughts, Linda licked her lips and said, "Mmm, I just love the taste of your cum. Now it's your turn!"

She then moved up to straddle my face, putting her knees on either side of my head. Linda grabbed the headboard and lowered her sweet pussy onto my face. She was already wet in anticipation as I pushed my face into her. I licked and sucked on her pussy lips before sticking my tongue in as far as I was able. I lapped at her juices like a kitten with a saucer of milk. I loved her scent and taste and could have eaten her for hours. Linda could not wait that long as right after I started to lick and suck her clit, she went off. 

"Oh yeeesss, baby! Just like that," Linda moaned. It was not a huge orgasm but took the edge off for her.

In the excitement of pleasing Linda, my cock had regained it's stiffness. I moved between her legs and rubbed the head around her lips to lubricate it, then slid it in. It had been a long night and we were both tired, so we just had a nice, slow fuck in missionary position. I looked into her eyes and kissed her softly as I slowly slid in and out. She seemed a bit distracted but I was approaching another climax, so did not ask her about it.

It was unusual for Linda not to cum during sex as she was usually multi-orgasmic. I figured this was due to her being distracted and asked her about it. "Linda, you seem distracted, are you upset with me spending the evening with Sarah?"

"No sweetie, I wanted you two to hang out tonight. You are two of my favorite people and I knew you would hit it off. It's just been a long night," she replied. "I'm tired and need some sleep. Do you want to stay over?"

As much as I wanted to, I still lived at home with my folks and had a few "sleepovers" already and thought I better not. I told Linda, "No sweetheart, I don't want my folks to get suspicious. I better go home."

Linda put on a robe as I got dressed, then she walked me to the door. She kissed me good night and asked, "You want to come over and hang out by the pool tomorrow?"

"Sure," I replied. Any chance to see Linda in a bikini! 

"Come over around 10:00, we'll hang out and then we'll do lunch."

------

The next morning a couple of lovely ladies were lounging around the pool, enjoying the sun and some Mimosas.

"So what did you think of Timmy, Sarah," asked Linda?

"You were right, he is so sweet! And cute too," Sarah replied. "You think he will be on board for our plan?"

Linda laughed, "He is an 18 year old guy, of course he will be on board! Though he is more sensitive than most young guys. I worry about him developing stronger feelings for me than is healthy. I've been clear that our relationship can not get too serious. I think our plan may help in that regard."

Looking at her watch on the table, Sarah said, " I hope so. The whole plan really excites me. My pussy is already wet. Oh boy, he should be here any minute."

------

I arrived at Linda's house the next morning wearing my swim trunks, flip flops and a towel around my neck. I also brought a change of clothes for later. After ringing the doorbell twice, I was about to walk around back to the pool deck when the door opened. Linda looked stunning in here red bikini. It revealed a large amount of cleavage and framed he's ass wonderfully! 

"Sorry baby, I had to dry off. Come on in," she said as she gave me a big kiss hello.

I left my clothes in the living room as Linda led me out to the pool. I was quite surprised to see Sarah lying in a lounge chair, drink in hand. She was wearing a brief yellow bikini that highlighted her perky tits and tight ass perfectly. "You remember Sarah, right Timmy," Linda asked with a smile?

"Of course, hi Sarah," I smiled back.

"How about a drink sweetie? We're drinking mimosas," Linda offered.

"That would be great, thank you."

As Linda went in to fix my drink, I sat in the lounge chair next to Sarah. "I didn't realize you were going to be here today, Sarah. It is good to see you again."

"You too, Tim. I had a great time with you last night."

Linda returned with a pitcher of mimosas and a glass for me. "I figured I would make a pitcher to save me some trips inside," Linda announced.

We spent about an hour talking, drinking, and cooling off in the pool. By that time, the alcohol had lowered our inhibitions greatly. We started splashing and playing around in the pool, with the ladies teaming up to dunk me. This led to much grab assing by all of us. I tried to stay in the water to hide my erection tenting out my swim trunks, but I fooled no one. Both ladies "accidentally" brushed against it and I felt as much of their bodies as I could as well. 

Linda jumped into my arms, wrapping her legs around my waste. Her tits rubbed against my chest and her pussy rubbed my hard cock through our bathing suits. I looked over at Sarah in alarm, when Linda said, "It's okay baby, she knows." Then she kissed me passionately.

Linda then whispered in my ear, "Kiss her too Timmy. She is lonely right now and I want you two to enjoy each other."

I just stared at her incredulously! Was this really happening? I thought I was blessed when Linda and I got together but this was too much! I was almost too stunned to react when Sarah came over, stood on tip toes and put her arms around my neck and looked in my eyes. "Are you okay with this Tim," she asked?

After a speechless moment, I answered her by putting my arms around her waist and lifting her up. She also wrapped her legs around my waist and rubbed her pussy on my cock. I'm not sure how I did not explode in my swim trunks at that moment! Her perky tits pressed into my chest, her nipples feeling like pencil erasers. Then like Linda, she kissed me passionately. 

Her lips were not as full or soft as Linda's but her tongue was longer and very active. With Linda standing next to us, I felt her hands turn my head so we could kiss again. I alternated kissing these two ladies who were both beautiful in different ways.  

What happened next blew me away. Linda turned Sarah's head this time and kissed her deeply. I watched, stunned, as these two goddesses moaned and made out. It occurred to me that this did not look like the first time they did this!

As they pulled apart, Linda looked at me and asked, "Are you okay sweetie? I wanted to tell you about this but wasn't sure how you would react. I treasure you both and wanted to share this together."

I stared at her for a minute trying to process what Linda was saying, when my face broke into a huge smile. Now I really did have a story for Penthouse Forum! I told Linda, "This is a dream come true but I'm nervous and have no clue what to do."

Linda grinned and said, "Don't worry sweetie, we'll teach you. Won't we Sarah?"

"Oh yes," Sarah replied!

We stripped off our suits, dried off and headed inside. "Let's take a shower to wash the chlorine off first," suggested Linda.

In the shower, we took turns washing each other. Kissing and fondling each other, until we were all in sexual heat! I noticed that when I tried to get some action on my dick, the ladies pulled away. "Not yet baby, we don't want you shooting off in the shower," Linda explained. 

We dried off and went into Linda's bedroom. They had me sit in a chair by the bed and Linda sat on my lap and kissed me. While I was distracted, Sarah secured my wrists to the arms of the chair as Linda held me down. I probably could have stopped them but decided to see where this was going. 

"Okay Timmy, I know you can probably get out of that chair but trust me, you'll like this. We are going to put on a show for you and I don't want you jerking off and cumming too soon," Linda instructed!

She then turned to Sarah, leaned down and kissed her. As she kissed her, Linda caressed Sarah's tits and ass. I noticed Sarah was very compliant and just moaned while giving Linda free reign over her. Linda moved behind Sarah and kissed her neck while fondling her tits. Linda looked at me and said, "Look at these nipples sweetie, they stick out so far from her perky little tits, don't they?"

Sarah then moaned loudly as Linda squeezed, twisted and pulled on her long nipples! I could see her tits stretched out as Linda viscously pulled on them. "You like that, don't you slut," Linda growled. 

"Yes Mistress," Sarah moaned.

My mind could not really process what I was hearing and seeing! This was beyond any fantasy I could have imagined. Then Linda started to slap Sarah's tits until they started to turn pink. Linda then sat on the bed and had Sarah lie over her lap. 

"Sarah needs discipline Timmy. Let me show you how to punish her when she's bad," said Linda.

Linda started to spank Sarah. The smacks rang out and Sarah's ass started to turn pink. After every few spanks, Linda would rub and finger Sarah's pussy which was covered in a sparse light brown bush. I could see she was dripping and Linda's fingers came away wet. Sarah was enjoying this! 

Sarah's ass had gone from pink to bright red before Linda stopped spanking her. Then Linda said, "You will address Tim as Sir, slut! Understood? Now get on your knees and suck Sir's cock!"

Sarah nodded her head and kneeled between my legs to suck my cock. Linda grabbed Sarah's hair and said, "Ask permission first slut!"

"Sir, may I suck your cock?"

Speechless, I just nodded my head yes. Linda, still gripping Sarah's hair started guiding her head up and down my shaft as I tried not to cum instantly. Linda yelled, "Deeper slut! Faster!" She then started to slam Sarah's mouth up and down my cock. 

This was way too much for me as my cock started to spew cum like never before! I thought I had experienced some incredible orgasms with Linda up til now, but this far surpassed anything I had ever felt!

As I sat there trying to catch my breath, Linda pulled Sarah's mouth off my cock and kissed her hard. I could see their tongues swirl in each other's mouth, swapping my cum! Linda even licked up some cum from the corner of Sarah's mouth. I could not believe what was happening, but little did I know that things were just beginning...

***I will continue this in Lovely Linda and Sexy Sarah Pt 2 very soon***