 ***Please read Lovely Linda and Sexy Sarah Pt 1 as there is very little recap to start this story. ***

*****

Cast of Characters:

Tim Johnson - 18 yrs old, 5'11" tall, 155 lbs, brown hair, blue eyes, 6" dick. The ultimate average guy and until recently, a virgin.

Linda Spinelli - 32 yrs old, 5'8" tall, 130 lbs, black hair, dark almost black eyes, full figured, large breasts, slim waist, full hips and ass. Took Tim's virginity.

Sarah Andrews - 28 yrs old, 5'1" tall, blonde hair, blue eyes, slim figure, small breasts and waist, fabulous ass. Linda's best friend.

-------

What the hell just happened?

I'm strapped in a chair, waiting for my breathing and heart rate to slow down. Two hot, older women have just performed a super hot sex act in front of and to me. My mind is whirling as I try to come to grips with this scene.

Remember, this is the 70's. There is no internet porn, VCR's have been introduced but not many people have one. Not at my house certainly. If you wanted to see porn, you had to go to the Adult Movie Theater/Bookstore on the bad side of town. I really had no frame of reference to process this scene, besides my sexual experiences with Linda up to now. While those times were totally hot, they did not compare to what was happening in this bedroom tonight! 

As I continued to recover, I watched Linda and Sarah make out. Make out, that is the best way to describe it. Like you did with your girlfriend or boyfriend in the backseat of your car. Passionate kissing, tongues dueling, hands roaming everywhere, fondling many body parts, soft moans, you get the idea. With my breathing under control, I wanted to join in. "Can you untie me now ladies," I asked?

Linda broke away from Sarah, leaving her panting for breath too. She climbed onto my lap and replied, "Oh no sweetie, this show is not over yet. Watch a little longer while you and my good friend here recover." 

She stroked my flaccid cock a few times for emphasis. Even after that unbelievable climax I just had, I could feel the blood start to flow into it. Then Linda got off my lap and returned to Sarah. Sarah just stood waiting with downcast eyes. Linda lifted Sarah's chin and kissed her again. Linda then lay on the bed, spread her legs and said, "Pleasure me slut!"

Sarah moaned in answer and almost dove onto Linda. She started to suck on her neck. Linda has a sensitive spot where her neck meets her collar bone which Sarah obviously knew about. She kissed, licked and sucked this spot before moving lower to Linda's large fabulous boobs. I could see her nipples were fully extended in her excitement. Sarah kissed and licked every inch of those beautiful tits before sucking on Linda's puffy nipples. 

She started to be much rougher on Lind's boobs than I ever was. Sucking hard until Lind's nipples were extended out, pulling her breasts up. I could hear an audible pop when she let go. Sarah was twisting and pulling on the other nipple at the same time. Linda's moans indicated that she liked this rough treatment. 

Linda then grabbed Sarah by the hair and growled, "I need your mouth on my pussy, now!" She the pushed Sarah's face roughly into her dripping wet pussy. "Oh gaawwdd!"

Sarah ate that pussy like it was her last meal! She seemed to be licking, sucking and nibbling all at the same time. Linda was moaning and writhing on the bed as Sarah did her best to stay with her. Sarah then toook her left hand and grabbed Linda's thigh, trying to steady her. Then bringing her right hand up to finger Linda's gushing gash, inserting one then two fingers. Roughly finger fucking Linda's pussy and sucking hard on her clit, Sarah drove Linda to the edge. The squishing and slurping noises were about the hottest thing I had ever heard. 

Then it looked like Sarah added a third finger to Linda's pussy driving her even closer to the edge. Then, unbelievably, Sarah stuck her pinky in Linda's ass which was extremely wet with her juices and Sarah's saliva. Sarah sawed her fingers in and out of Linda's pussy and anus as she latched onto her clit like a dog on a bone. Linda threw head back and arched her back as every muscle in her body tensed. 

Then, starting softly but growing with intensity, Linda moaned, "Oohhhuuuuhhhhhahhhhhhhhh!!"

Her hips then started to buck uncontrollably as she continued to scream out her pleasure. Sarah stayed latched to her pussy and clit until Linda came, squirting her juices all over Sarah's face. It looked like a small water balloon burst!

As Linda came down from her climax, Sarah removed her fingers but continued to lap up her juices. She cleaned that beautiful pussy softly with her tongue until Linda became too sensitive and pushed her head away, saying, "Oh baby, that was wonderful." 

They then started tenderly kissing while I sat watching, still tied to that chair. My dick had once again become erect watching that unbelievable sex show (remember I was 18), not fully hard but ready for more action. "That was incredible ladies, but could you please untie me? I just have to join you," I pleaded!

Sarah looked at Linda and giggled, "It's not fair to tease the boy anymore." 

They untied me and we all lay on the bed, with me in the middle. We just relaxed a bit catching our breath, talking a little about what had happened so far tonight. Linda said to me, "Timmy, as you saw, Sarah is rather submissive and I tend to go either way. I like to be submissive with men most of the time but like to dominate women. Especially Sara." She smiled and winked at Sarah as she said this. 

While I understood what Linda was saying, I did not really understand them in BDSM terms per se. I just decided not to question things and go with it. Everything she had shown me up til now was heavenly so who was I to argue!

Sarah then said, "We have some other things planned if you are up for them. You seem to have a very open mind, so I think you will really enjoy them."

I looked into those pretty ice blue eyes and then over to Linda's equally beautiful black eyes and knew that they would never lead me astray. "I would love to experience anything you lovely ladies want to show me," I replied.

We then started to kiss and fondle each other, our passions starting to rise again. Then as if in silent agreement, the ladies stared kissing their way down my body as their hands fondled my cock and balls. My cock was by then like an iron bar as my beautiful ladies started to lick either side of my cock. They started at the base and slowly licked up to the head, swirling their tongues around it. They shared and savored my precum as it leaked out and their tongues dueled over it. 

Linda then wrapped her full, soft lips around my cockhead and sucked the upper part of my dick. Sarah lapped at my balls with her long tongue, occasionally sucking one or the other into her mouth. Only the fact that I had cum just a short while ago kept me from cumming at the pleasure these goddesses were giving me! They switched back and forth until my cock was almost purple with excitement. 

Then silently, like a rehearsed dance, they stopped. Linda straddled my legs, facing me, and rubbed my cock head between her pussy lips before slowly sinking down onto it. We both moaned in pleasure as she seated herself. 

Meanwhile, Sarah moved up my body, straddling my head facing Linda. I extended my tongue to only the second pussy I had ever eaten. Her pubic hair was more sparse than Linda's and her labia were not as big or full. Her clit was bigger though, already sticking out of it's sheath. She tasted different too. Not better or worse but different. I never really liked this position to eat a pussy because it restricts your movement and access, but the ladies seemed to like it because they had more control. They could maneuver things where they wanted and I went with it the best I could. 

As Linda rode up and down on my cock and Sarah slid back and forth on my face, I could feel them leaning forward to kiss and caress each other. I wished I could see what exactly they were doing. What an erotic sight that would be!

Linda was alternating between long full strokes and short quick strokes, then plunged all the way down. She slid around and ground her clit into the base of my cock and pubic hair to get more friction. I could feel her juices matting my pubic hair and dripping down my shaft to my balls.

While on my face, Sarah had moved forward so her ass was over my mouth. Using her hands, she spread her cheeks and moaned, "Ohhh yes, tongue my asshole!" I stuck my tongue out all the way and tensed it as she fucked herself on it. She then slid forward so her pussy was again over my mouth. Her juices were flowing and her clit seemed even larger as it filled with blood. It seemed even more sensitive than Linda's. 

I started to suck on her clit hard making it extend further. I then felt Sarah lift and arch her back while moaning loudly. It seems when I was sucking her clit, Linda started to pull and twist Sarah's long nipples! That was all Sarah could take as she screamed, "Oh my god!! Oh fuck!"

Her juices flowed and I tried to lap them all up. She did not flow as much as Linda, who could sometimes be a gusher. Sarah moaned and ground her pussy into my face nearly suffocating me. Just when I was feeling a little lightheaded from lack of oxygen, Sarah became too sensitive and slid to the side to lay next to us. 

Linda continued to ride my dick as I started to push up into her. Up to now, I had let the ladies take the lead but I now wanted to assert my manhood. I flipped Linda over and got back between her legs. Hooking my arms under her knees to open her wide, I slid my granite like cock all the way in her slick pussy in one stroke. I then started to pound Linda's pussy as hard as I could! I pulled back until just the head was in her then rammed it back in. I was now like a man possessed as my hips became a blur as I pumped her. Linda loved it as she yelled, "Fuck yes!!"

Sarah started to rub Linda's tits and pull on her nipples, making Linda moan louder. When Sarah started to rub Linda's clit, her hips started to push up to meet my thrusts and she came with a loud, "Ooohhhhhhh!!"

This set me off too. I could feel my balls contract up towards my body as they released my cum. The sensation as it traveled up my shaft to shoot out into Linda's hot pussy was exquisite. As I came, I chanted, "Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god!" Yes, it seemed like a religious experience!

We then collapsed in a heaving, sweaty mess. Just laying all tangled up like one entity. I never felt closer to two people in my life! 

We were spent, and after throwing a light blanket over us, we fell asleep, still tangled together. 

I awoke to the most wonderful feeling. I looked down and saw Sarah's blonde hair as she slid her mouth up and down my semi erect dick. It had been put through a workout today but was rallying. I looked at the clock to see we had been sleeping for a little over an hour. Linda was still asleep next to us. Sensing my movement, Sarah looked up at me with those beautiful blue eyes as her long tongue swirled around the head of my cock. She pulled her mouth off my dick and said, "I want you to fuck me now, I've wanted to feel this in my pussy all night."

She stroked and sucked me until my dick was hard enough for penetration. She then laid down and I entered her missionary style. As I slowly stroked in and out of her, we looked in each other's eyes and kissed passionately. It was a nice change of pace from the intensity of our previous encounters. Having both cum multiple times previously, we were not in any hurry. As the speed and intensity of my strokes increased slightly, I noticed we had woken Linda.

She lay on her side facing us, watching. "You two look so wonderful together. Keep going," she said. She started fondling her own breasts as she watched. No one said anything else as we just looked into each other's eyes. It was like we were all one, as Linda reached out to caress us, and we caressed her in return. Then Linda leaned over to kiss me, mouths open, tongues entwined. Then leaned down to do the same with Sarah.

Once again, the thoughts popped into my head, "How did I get here? This is like a dream! Dear Penthouse Forum..." It was all rather surreal. Here I was, an average guy, no one special, having extraordinary sex with two beautiful women. Until a couple months ago, things like this just did not happen to me!

Linda broke their kiss and said to Sarah, "I've still got a pussy full of Timmy's cum. Would you like to clean it out for me?"

"Yes, please," moaned Sarah.

I pulled out and sat back as Linda laid down and Sarah got on all fours between her legs. She bent her head down and started to lick Linda's messy pussy. I then positioned myself behind her and slid my cock into Sarah's tight pussy. "Mmmmmmm," said Sarah. I'm not sure if it was from tasting our combined juices in Linda's pussy or from feeling my dick slide in. Maybe both.

I started stroking slowly into Sarah's hot box but increased the pace as our excitement grew. I loved the sight of Sarah's tight little ass as her pussy slid back and forth on my pole! I grabbed Sarah's ass in both hands as I pumped harder. What an awesome feeling to hear two women moan at once from the force of your strokes, as Sarah was pushed harder into Linda's sweet pussy. 

I would love to say we all came together but Linda came first as after cleaning all my cum out of Linda's pussy, Sarah simply attacked her clit causing Linda to cum quickly. 

After recovering for a minute, Linda lay beneath us rubbing and licking Sarah's clit while I rapidly fucked her from behind. This set Sarah off and I could feel her contractions on my cock as she came. 

As I continued to slide my cock rapidly into Sarah's tight pussy, Linda started to squeeze my balls and talk dirty to me, "That's it, fuck that pussy. Give me that cum. I want it in my mouth, let me taste you both!"

That pushed me over the edge and I pulled out, grabbed Linda by the hair and stuck my wet cock in her mouth. Linda moaned as I pumped my cum into the back of her mouth. Since it was my third time cumming, it was less intense still wonderful. Linda then moved up to Sarah's face and kissed her, again sharing my cum. I will never get over the sight of two women greedily slurping and transferring my cum!

After that, we were spent. We took a shower together, then made a light dinner. After dinner we just cuddled and watched a movie, enjoying each other's company. I called my folks to say I was "sleeping over" at a friend's and we all went to bed. We were to tired and satisfied to do anything but sleep.

The next day however...

***Things got freaky the next day! I will share that in part 3***