 ***This will probably be the last installment of the Lovely Linda series. Please read the earlier stories to better follow this one.***

Cast of Characters:

Tim Johnson - 18 yrs old, 5'11" tall, 155 lbs, brown hair, blue eyes, 6" cock. The ultimate average guy and until recently, a virgin.

Linda Spinelli - 32 yrs old, 5'8" tall, 130 lbs, black hair, dark almost black eyes, full figured. Large breasts, slim waist, full hips and ass. Took Tim's virginity.

Sarah Andrews - 28 yrs old, 5'1" tall, 98 lbs, blonde hair, blue eyes, slim figure, small breasts and waist, fabulous ass. Linda's best friend.

*****

It had been a few weeks since my unbelievable weekend wth Linda and her friend Sarah. I was still pinching myself to prove it was not a dream! Besides having sex with two different but equally gorgeous women, the kinkiness of what we did blew my mind. Linda and I continued our "friends with benefits" relationship, but Linda seemed a bit distant. Plus, the frequency had dropped from 2-3 times a week to 1-2 times. I asked her about it but she said she was fine, just a lot on her mind these days. I had seen Sarah in passing a couple times since then and we had spoken a bit, but nothing intimate.

I was scheduled to go over to Linda's on Saturday for dinner and an evening alone together. I was not aware that Sarah had gone over to Linda's house that Saturday morning. They were again lounging around Linda's pool when Sarah asked, "Linda, what's up with you? You have been out of sorts for a couple weeks now. Do NOT tell me nothing, I know you too well."

"I've had a lot on my mind lately. We have a new project starting at work and you know the start up is always the craziest time. Plus I'm conflicted in my personal life," Linda replied.

Sarah leaned over and grabbed Linda's hand and said, "I figured it was something like that. Let's talk it out a bit and see if we can come up with a plan."

"Ok, well you know Tim and I have been seeing each other casually for a few months now. He is a really sweet guy and I have developed feelings for him that just won't work out. We were just supposed to stay friends and take the edge off of each other's sex drive. With the difference in our ages and where we are in our lives, there is no chance of a future there. Plus, for the last few weeks, I have been dating Frank. He is older, financially well off, and I have feelings for him too. I think I could have a future with him," Linda stated.

"That's too bad, because he is great in the sack and so willing to try new things," said Sarah with a wistful look in her eye.

"I know! The weekend that you spent with us was the most fun I have ever had. I envy you though, I always have to be in control, while you are submissive and just enjoy what is done to you. I would love to just let go and let someone else control me. I think that would relieve a lot of stress," said Linda .

"Tim might be up for that but I think he may be too inexperienced to really dom you. What about Frank," asked Sarah?

"Oh god no! Frank is way too straight laced for that. Plus we have just started being intimate, I don't want to show my kinky side just yet," laughed Linda.

"So what are you going to do?"

"I don't know Sarah, I think I will have to end it with Timmy soon, but I want to see how things progress with Frank first. I know that sounds cold but I really do like Tim and love our sex together. If only he was 15 yrs older," Linda said with a frown.

"Yeah, he is gonna be quite the catch when he's a little older. Especially after we get done teaching him some more things, right babe?" aside Sarah with a wink. 

Linda laughed, "You are incorrigible, but I feel better already just talking to you about it!"

They stayed out by the pool for another hour. Then Sarah left so that Linda could start preparing dinner for our date that evening.

Sarah was deep in thought as she drove home, "Man, that girl is stressed. She's right, a night of submissive sex would do her wonders. Just turn off her brain and do as she is told until the ultimate sexual release. I think Tim and I could pull it off! I need to call him and set it up."

I arrived at Linda"s house that evening with a bottle of red wine and a bouquet of roses in hand. I knew she was stressed and wanted to cheer her up.I was dressed in khaki pants and a light blue dress shirt and a dark blue sports coat. Linda answered the door in a lovely floral sundress with a simple gold chain around her neck and gold hoop earrings. She wore white sandals with three inch heels and I again thought how I enjoyed looking eye to eye with her. I did not have to bend to kiss her as we tilted our heads for a very nice kiss hello. 

"Thanks so much for the flowers baby," she gushed. "Come on in, open that bottle while I put these in water, you are so sweet!"

Linda had made chicken cacciatore and the house smelled wonderful. We sat on the couch, talking and drinking wine while the linguini noodles cooked and the garlic bread heated. Dinner was scrumptious and I complimented her on her cooking.

"My grandma taught me all her old recipes from the old country as a little girl. She told me the way to a man's heart was through his stomach. I think there is another way through the zipper of his pants but both seem to work," she laughed.

After dinner we put on some music and sat on the couch. We again drank wine and talked. Linda again seemed a little distant at times but before long we started to kiss softly. She had the fullest, softest lips I had ever kissed. Her breath (and mine too, I'm sure) tasted of wine and garlic but this just added to the spice of our kissing. After about 20 minutes kissing and lightly fondling each othe over our clothing, Linda said, "Let's go into the bedroom and make ourselves comfortable."

She stood, grabbed my hand and led me to her bedroom. We stood by the bed and continued to kiss while slowly undressing each other. As the last of our clothes came off, I again stared at this olive skinned goddess before me. Her large breasts sagged slightly from gravity but this just made them more perfect. Her smooth stomach down to her full hips and neatly trimmed pussy, made my mouth water. Her legs were toned from playing racketball and the heels she almost always wore. She was my vision of the perfect woman and my dick was hard as steel just looking at her. I still could not believe she was with me! She was definitely out of my league. She smiled as my eyes came back up to her face.

"Like what you see?" she giggled.

"You are perfect! Aphrodite here on earth," I replied breathlessly.

"Someone else likes me too, I see," she said as she grabbed my cock and pulled me to the bed. "Sit down, I want my dessert now."

As I sat on the bed, Linda crawled up between my legs and started stroking my shaft. Precum formed on the tip and looking me in the eyes and smiling, Linda licked it off. "Mmmmm," she moaned.

She then licked from the base to the head all around my cock, stroking it occasionally to get more of my juices to cum out. She then started to suck the head, sealing her lips just below the crown. Then she started to lick the sensitive spot on the underside of my cock just below the head, going quicker and firmer as she went. Linda then started bobbing her head slowly, taking a little more in on each stroke. Before long , she had all six inches and I could feel the head in the entrance to her throat. She then stuck out her tongue and licked the base of my cock while bobbing with short strokes. I thought I might cum, but Linda slowed down and started licking the whole shaft again. As I relaxed some, Linda started to rapidly suck the top part of my cock while jacking the bottom off with her hands. This surprise move got my orgasm jump started and I started to moan as she pleasured me. She grabbed my balls with her other hand fondling and squeezing them gently. I could feel my cum travel from my balls, through my shaft and into her sexy mouth. "Ohhhhhh fuuuuck," I yelled!

Linda kept stroking and sucking me until my cock got soft and too sensitive to continue. She swallowed and then crawled up my body to hug and kiss me. The combination of her mouth, an Italian dinner, red wine and my cum tasted wonderful. "I just love your cum sweetie," she purred.

We kissed a while, then I started to kiss her neck. She had a sensitive spot where her neck met her collar bone and I kissed, licked and nibbled this while Linda squirmed. I moved down to her beautiful tits, kissing and fondling them but not yet touching her nipples. Her nipples had perked up and were hard and swollen even before I started to lick and suck them. I started gently but after several minutes, started to suck hard on them, seeing how big I could get them and how far out I could pull them. Linda moaned continuously. 

I worked my way down her abdomen, stopping to lick her belly button. I could smell her excitement as I worked my face down to her sweet pussy. Her juices were flowing getting her pubic hair, thighs and ass wet. I licked all around her pussy cleaning up her juices. I licked her thighs and down to her crinkled rosebud. I licked her and rimmed her asshole a while then took a long swipe with my tongue all the way up to her clit. Linda grabbed my hair and pushed my face into her pussy as I took the long licks. As Linda's moans increased,I inserted one then two fingers in her pussy, turning them to massage her g-spot. This excited her more and as her hips started to buck, I started to lick and suck her clit at the same time. She let out a keening noise almost like a wounded animal as she came, "Ooooooaaaaaaaaauuuuuuuuuuuu!" Her juices gushed out and all over my chin, not shooting out like you see in some squirting videos you see today, but definitely more than your average cum!

Linda pushed my face away as she got too sensitive, then pulled me up and kissed me. She then started licking my face and said, "That was awesome sweetie, thank you!"

"You taught me well baby," I replied.

We kissed and fondled each other some more until my dick was ready for round two. We then started a passionate missionary fuck while we looked in each other's eyes and kissed tenderly. Our passion increased until Linda came again as I rubbed the base of my cock on here clit. This set me off and I came right after her. We cuddled in the afterglow for a while, then Linda asked if we could cut the evening short as she had a lot to do tomorrow. I agreed, so we showered together quickly and got dressed. Linda was again quiet as she walked me out and kissed me goodbye, "I'll see you Monday at work sweetie." 

As I drove home, I again wondered what was up with her. I guess she just had a lot on her plate right now, like she said.

That Tuesday evening, I got a call from Sarah. "Hey Timmy, got a minute?"

"Sure Sarah, what's up?"

"Well, I'm sure you have noticed how tense Linda has been lately?"

"Yeah, I asked her about it but she just said she has a lot on her plate right now. She won't open up to me."

Sarah hesitated then said, "I have an idea how to relieve some of that stress."

I chuckled, "I bet you do!"

She giggled too, "Let's set up a night like we had that weekend, but this time with Linda as our sub. She always has to be in control but this way she could just totally let go!"

"Sounds like a great idea, think we can pull it off?"

Sarah sighed, "I think so but you are gonna have to be the dominant one. I am naturally submissive and it is difficult for me to dominate someone but I will help you as best I can. What do you think?"

"I think you're right, Linda could really use this. What's your plan?"

"Well, I know this mail order place that we can order some stuff we may need. Added to what Linda has in her chest of toys, we should be good. I will plan to go over to Linda's house the Saturday after next, we should have our supplies by then. I'll go over early and get ready, have a few drinks and relax. Then I'll start some sexy fun to distract her, while you sneak in the house, remember those hanging plants in her bedroom? We can use those eye bolts to..."

We made our plans to have our way with Linda and by the following Saturday all our supplies had arrived ( this was before the internet and expedited delivery) and we were ready. 

Sarah went over early and they enjoyed some screwdrivers while sitting out by the pool. Linda was relaxed from the alcohol and sun when Sarah suggested they shower and have some afternoon delight. Before the shower Sarah suggested they give each other enemas in case they wanted to do some anal play. While they were in the bathroom, I snuck in the patio, into the house to set things up in Linda's bedroom. I removed the hanging plants and secured straps with fur lined wrist cuffs attached to the eye bolts in the ceiling. I tested them and found they were screwed into beams and very secure. I laid out a spreader bar with ankle cuffs attached on the floor below them. I then laid out all the other toys we thought we might need, then waited behind the door. 

When the ladies finished in the bathroom and entered the bedroom, I grabbed Linda from behind as they passed me. "You are our slave bitch, we are gonna torture you and you are going to do whatever we say. If you resist, it will go harder on you! Understand?"

After her fright and a very brief struggle, Linda whispered, "Yes Sir."

"You will address me as Master and Sarah as Mistress!"

"Yes Master," Linda replied.

I secured her wrists to the cuffs from the ceiling and adjusted them so her arms were taut while standing flat footed. Then secured her ankles to the cuffs on the spreader bar. With her legs spread wider, she almost had to stand on tip toes. I then took a flogger and started to flog Linda's ass and back. Starting slow and increasing the force of my blows, Linda started to moan and squirm. She was secured tight enough, so she could not avoid the blows. Her back side was quickly going from pink to red when I stopped. "You like that cunt," I asked?

"Ohhh yeees, Master!"

"Sarah, check the slut's pussy. Is she wet?"

Sarah stuck two fingers all the way up Linda's pussy and her fingers came away sopping wet. "The slut is dripping like a faucet Master," she said.

I handed the flogger to Sarah and picked up some nipple clamps that we had ordered. They were the kind that you screwed down to tighten them as much as you wanted.

I grinned at Linda evilly and said, "We just ordered these, I think you will love them. Let me know when these get painful as I screw them tight."

Linda whimpered as I attached and tightened them, "Ow, Master!" I stopped, then tightened them another half turn! Then repeated the process on the other nipple. Then I started to slap her big tits to see if the clamps stayed on. They did.

"Sarah, whip the slut's pussy with that flogger while I decide what to use next," I instructed.

Sarah used an overhand stroke to hit down on Linda's mound, then back up underhanded to hit her pussy lips. Linda cried out as Sarah whipped her pussy back and forth, struggling against her bonds. I took my time and selected a riding crop, while Sarah continued to flog her. "Oooooohhhhhhhh!!" cried Linda as she came from her whipping.

Linda sagged in her bonds, so I grabbed her hair and told her we were far from done! I made her kiss the riding crop as I pulled her head back by her hair. I then lightly started to whip her ass with the crop, being careful to just use the end. As Linda's moans increased, so did the force of my stokes. I then moved to her front as I told Sarah to kneel behind her and kiss and lick Linda's ass, "Kiss and lick that red ass, slut has been a good slave so far."

Sarah knelt and kissed all over Linda's red swollen ass, then started licking all over, working her way to Linda's crack. As Sarah licked her ass, I started to lightly whip Linda's tits. Sarah started to finger Linda's ass and pussy, while I continued to whip the front of her body. Working my way down her abdomen to her pussy, I used the crop on the top of her clit while Sarah fingered her from behind. Linda was writhing as much as her bonds allowed and screaming out, "Oh fuck, oh fuck" with each strike of the crop!

As Linda howled with another orgasm, "Aaaaahhhhhhhhh!!" I released the nipple clamps causing the pain to shoot into her nipples as the blood returned. This made her scream louder and thrash around, almost as if she had a seizure! I started to get worried as Linda's body sagged in her restraints. She was conscious but out of it as we released her wrists and ankles and carried her to the bed.

Sarah and I laid down with her and caressed her sore body. "Are you okay baby," I asked worriedly?

Linda looked at me, smiled and said, "Mmmm, oh yes. That was the most intense thing I have ever experienced! Thank you both!"

We then kissed and cuddled with all of our limbs entangled. Sarah started to kiss and very gently suck on Linda's nipples trying to sooth the ache. She then turned and facing Linda's feet, sat on her face. "Lick my twat slut. If you do it well, I will lick yours too," commanded Sarah. I guess Linda did a good job because before too long Sarah started to lick Linda's pussy too. Watching these two sexy women 69 made my hard dick even harder. It had gotten very little action to this point and I could have driven nails with it. I watched Linda suck Sarah's long clit in her mouth, causing Sarah to cum all over her face.

I declared, "Okay, time for the Master to get his. Sarah got get that lube."

Sarah scampered over and back with it in hand. "Now lube up the slut's ass," I said.

Linda got on hands and knees as Sarah lubed her asshole, inserting two fingers to spread it out. "Okay, now lube my cock," I commanded.

Sarah spread the lube liberally over my rod. "Okay, slut. Get that ass over here and sit on my cock," I growled. Linda, facing away from me, rubbed my head around her asshole before slowly lowering herself. I felt her tight anal ring open as my shaft slid in. Sarah started to lick Linda's pussy as I grabbed her cheeks and helped her slide up and down my cock.

Her ass was so tight I thought I might cum quickly, so I told Sarah to put on the strap on dildo I laid out earlier. When she had it secured, I stopped Linda with my cock firmly seated all the way in her ass. I had her lean back while, Sarah inserted the dildo in her pussy. "Now fuck this cunt hard Sarah, no mercy," I commanded.

Sarah bottomed out in Linda's pussy, then drawing almost all the way out, slammed it back in. She took these long strokes as Linda writhed on my lap, my cock pegged in her ass. Sarah's strokes became shorter and faster. Her hips blurred she was fucking so fast until Linda again screamed out in orgasm, "Uhhhhhohhhhhfuuuck!" I could feel her juices gush out to run down her ass onto my balls and then wetting the bed!

Sarah withdrew the dildo and took off the harness. After a short recovery with my cock still in Linda's ass, I flipped her over and said, "Time for me to get mine slut!"

Linda moaned, "Oh no, Master! I can't ake any more."

"Did I ask you bitch? Sarah pile a few pillows under her stomach so I can pound her ass!"

Sarah piled the pillows as I asked and I laid Linda over them and proceeded to slowly fuck her ass. I tried to mimic the way Sarah just fucked her pussy. Slamming long hard strokes into her, then increasing the pace and shortening the strokes. My pelvis was slamming into Linda's red, sore ass making a slapping noise with each stroke. Linda was screaming out, "Oh, oh, oh, oh!" I was hoping the neighbors could not hear anything! 

It was not long before the most intense orgasm of my young life occurred. I threw back my head, the ligaments in my neck sticking out, as I screamed, "Aaarrrrggghhhh!!"

It felt like the head of my cock exploded as pulse after pulse of my cum shot out. I did not think it was ever gonna end. I was out of control as I just kept slamming my cock into Linda's ass over and over until it went soft and slipped out. Linda just laid there and whimpered until I was done. 
