 My new girlfriend had invited me over to her place, supposedly for some joined sunbathing in her small garden but as we had just made sweet love for the first time the previous weekend I had other hopes of course. Hoping to explore her yet again as I had been thinking of her ever since that Saturday night... and Sunday morning.

A dark haired beauty she had the looks of a woman more from the south of Europe or South America. Her skin had a tendency to go olive quite quickly when exposed to the sun. Unlike mine which mimicked snow as much as it could, as if it's paleness was what was inhibiting it from ever getting tanned. She was so beautiful with her curly dark hair and those deep dark eyes, her smile speaking of a love of life that had quite conquered my heart well before she knew about it. Our first night together had left me overjoyed and now I was eager for more.

We kissed in the doorway before we even spoke to each other. I wondered if she was as eager as I was. My blood warming up by her mere presence. Her wonderful presence. Embracing her as we kiss and feeling her body against mine.

"Hi lover, I've put out a couple of deck chairs in the back." She said, smiling at me and caressing my arms as I walked inside.

"Hi my lovely." I said, caressing her hair. "Lovely place you've got here."

"Yeah, I like it. It's a nice little hideaway I've always thought. Nice shorts by the way, makes your ass look good." She answered me, giving my bum a light smack as I walked before her down the small hall.

"Thank you mistress." I said, taking her hand and kissing it with a wide smile as she giggles. "where is it?"

"It's just through here." She said, walking in front of me and showing me a glass door. "Just outside here. Why don't you sit down and I'll bring some sunscreen." I watch her walk away, watching her hips move under the large t-shirt she is wearing which seems to be all that she is wearing. Her curves enchanting me. The back garden is quite small, but nicely arranged. Private with a high wooden fence around it, preventing anyone from looking in. As she said she has placed two deck chairs there and I sit down on one. Starting to strip down to the swimming trunks I plan to tan in.

"Nice... would you like a towel to lie on perhaps?" She asks, coming out carrying two towels and a bottle of sun tan lotion.

"Sure." I say, deciding to risk it I ask: "Would you like to rub me in?"

"Definitely." She says, smiling at me. She walks up to me and starts rubbing the lotion onto my back, her hands increasing my lust exponentially. She even does my front without me even asking her.

"Now you do me." She says, pulling off her t-shirt and revealing only a minuscule thong beneath it. My eyes go wide. "You like what you see I see... but hurry up with that lotion." She smiles as she hurries me on and with trembling fingers I start spreading the lotion onto her back. She lifts her long hair out of the way as I gently rub it onto her shoulders. I feel more and more horny the more I touch her. Then she turns around.

"Well, I did your front remember." She instructs me as I freeze for a moment, staring at her glorious tits. Biting my lip I reach out with trembling hands.

"They really are spectacular you know..." I mumble.

"So in effect you're only dating me for my boobs?" She says, giving me a critical look.

"Well no, you're beautiful. Your whole body is. And your laugh..." I find myself stumbling upon my words.

"Relax, I'm teasing you silly." She reaches out and kiss me, gripping my chin and leading my mouth in to connect with hers. "You look so cute when you're puzzled. Besides, I like your body too." Grinning widely as she says those last words. "Especially your butt." Giving my rear a squeeze.

"Aha, I knew you were really more shallow than you try to seem." I say, making a face at her before we both laugh. Then kiss.

"I've got a nice idea..." She says, biting her lower lip and looking with wonderfully horny eyes at me. Like a naughty child with an exciting idea. Looking extremely seductive.

"Anything... dirty?" I ask, my mind instantly salivating over the woman before me. My eyebrows jumping up on the last word.

"Hmm, perhaps..." She winks at me. "Depends on what your definition of dirty is."

"Anything sexy then?" I ask, trying to find a good button to push so she'll lounge at me instead of tease me.

"Oh, yes..." She says, her smile getting wider and wider.

"Wanna tell me about it?" I ask, hoping she will start telling me soon. Hornyness overriding my intellect and patience.

"Perhaps..." She says with an enigmatic and yet naughty smile.

"Please?" I plead.

"Well... I was just thinking... it's best if you turn over now and then..." Dragging it out as she talks, making me hang on every word.

"Yes?" I ask, unsure what it is that she is referring too.

"There's no reason for us to have to both show the same side to the sun at the same time." Winking at me again.

"So... If I lie... on my back perhaps then you'll lie on your stomach?" I ask, wondering what she is getting at.

"I was thinking more along the lines that if I just lie back on my back here... then you could perhaps crawl up on your stomach... between my knees perhaps..." She says, slowly. Avoiding my eyes until she has stopped talking and she looks straight a me. Biting her lip. Getting her drift a big smile enters my face. Saliva rushing to my mouth.

"Oh..." I say. "Nice idea... really nice..." My smile turning into a wolf's grin.

"It is isn't it." She smiles and then we kiss again. My mouth gravitating to her lips. We melt together, embracing closely. She slides down on her back and I end up lying on top of her. We just lie there kissing and caressing for a while. Just enjoying each others' lips and touch.

"Wait, I forgot something." She says, then she pushes me aside and gets up. "I'll be right back." Seconds later she comes back holding a kitchen timer. "How about half-an-hour each on both sides, to begin with?" She asks, setting the timer.

"Ok, sure." I say.

"Great." she smiles and slides back down on her deck chair. "Now, lick me." Staring straight into my eyes and holding my chin as she commands me. I move the other deck chair closer so that I can lie on it as I lick.

"Come on, I know you want to." She says it with infinite softness, yet I know the strength of her passions. Even though I have only begun getting to know them.

"You're very right about that. I sure do want to." I say, smiling up at her as she relaxes. As my lips start to wander up her delicious legs I am glad that she choose a good sun tan lotion that seems to already have dried. Kissing my way up between her thighs, alternating between her left inner thigh and her right inner thigh. Kissing her delicate skin as if I have got all my life to do it. Wanting to spend all my life doing it. She reaches out and ruffles my hair.

"That's it. Keep going and you'll soon find something even more tasty." I hear her say, my lips and eyes to occupied by her skin to follow her mouth.

"And what would that be?" I ask, looking up smiling at her.

"Oh, you'll see..." She smiles at me as I return my attention to her inner thighs. Kissing my way closer and closer to her minuscule thong. Her first moan coming when I kiss the border between her thighs and crotch. I smile as I hear it, an audible confirmation ha I am on the right way. Slowly I start kissing right near the edge of the thong, pulling the minimal piece of clothing to the side. Kissing the previously hidden skin. Finding it smooth and seeing just a thin, narrow strip of hair under the thong. 

"I had it waxed just yesterday, do you like it?" She asks.

"Honestly, I kind of prefer a bit of bush..." I say, hoping I did not say something she will take the wrong way while still feeling unable to lie.

"Well, I bet you'll change your opinion by the time your plane get to land on my landing strip." She says, sticking out her tongue at me.

"You mean I'll get to do it?" I ask, hoping he just said what I thought she said.

"Perhaps, if you do well with your current assignment..." The moment she has said it I put even more effort into my kisses, pushing her thong to the side. Kissing on either side of her slim landing strip of hair. Kissing down between her thighs, on either side of her labia. I kiss her lower lips and get rewarded by her shuddering. Making me smile.

"Keep going." She tells me, begs me. I tease her by taking a short break before kissing those lovely lips again. The more she moans, the more she shudders, the bolder I feel. With my fingers I gently hold her lover lips apart. Savouring the sight. The female genitalia has always been a thing of beauty to me. So I take my time.

"Come on, please." She pleads and unable to resist her wishes I go on. Gently flicking the tip of my tongue in between her lower lips and into her orchid. Tasting her and savouring the moment, savouring her taste.

"Go on, go deeper..." She is pleading with me and ordering me, all at the same time. Slowly I sink my tongue into her like the hungry dog I feel like. A hungry, horny animal devouring his lover. Licking up her wetness, her wonderful wetness. Exploring her with my tongue. Delighting in her every intimate detail. Her juices mixing with my saliva as I lick her deeply.

"Keep going... it's so good..." She moans and I smile. I flick my tongue against her clit, her rosebud. It has turned into a hard little pearl of pleasure. Gently I start suckling it and she almost screams, digging her fingers into my hair.

"Don't. Stop... Never. Stop!" She moans, breathing heavier and heavier. Sensing my coming victory I suckle it further. That little bud of love is a bundle of joy and I take great pleasure in pleasuring her by it. Licking and suckling her I let my one free hand seek out her bosom, caressing and squeezing her magnificent chest. She grabs a firm hold on it, like it has suddenly become her lifeline. Securing her as she shudders more and more with each trembling sensation of pleasure.

Her groans and moans get more and more inarticulate, she seems to have lost her mind as I hear her scream out her ecstasy. The timer has already sounded it's alarm but neither of us care. Suckling her until she is trembling like an earthquake. Her body almost dancing on it's own. I can feel her orchid contracting around my tongue. Pulses raging in her system. To have a woman vibrating with lust, desire and pleasure and to know that it is all your doing. I hold on, determined to ride out the storm and help guide her through it.

I suckle her until she starts coming down, until she starts calming down. Her breathing slowing down a bit. Her body landing after it's high flight. Looking up at her face I see an expression of happy contentment spreading, relaxation in all her features. She almost looks like a laughing Buddha, though much slimmer. She is quite beautiful as she reclaims her breath. As her last shiver dies away I slowly withdraw my mouth. Licking my lips before using my towel to clean my face a bit.

"Thank you." She says, slowly getting up, reaching for my head and kissing my forehead. "I'ld kiss you on the mouth but you're still all soggy. Besides, I think I know a better way to thank you." Her mellow smile turning into a wolf's grin. She reaches out and grabs the timer, setting it for thirty minutes again.

"Sit down and spread your legs." She says, smiling at me as I do as she says. "No, no. This will not do. These will have to come off." She continues, pinching and pulling at my shorts. "Stand up." As I stand up she pulls down and soon I stand there with my bottom bare, my member dangling before her.

I sit down again and she sends her hands out allover my legs and thighs. Caressing and exploring me as she excites me more and more. Dragging her fingers along the insides of my thighs and growling in a way which just turns me on even more.

"I suspect you like it a little rough." She says, smiling. "So I thought I'ld give it to you."

"Just out of curiosity, what gave you that idea?" I ask, biting my lip as my brain is opening the champagne inside of my head declaring that I have just found the woman of my dreams.

"Well, I know I was a bit rough last Saturday with my nails on your back and most guys complain about that but you haven't said a word about it. You basically seemed to like it. That and you always thank me after spanking you." She winks as she says that last thing.

"Well, I am grateful you know." I say, smiling. "But basically you're correct. It depends on my mood... but I sure don't mind a woman who takes me with everything she's got."

"Then prepare to get taken." She says, grinning widely. Then, as I watch her, she bites into my thigh. Her hands roam all the way up to my groin, her fingers digging in on their way back to her. She spreads my legs wide, nibbling her way up my thighs. Her hands closing in on my member. Travelling over more and more sensitive skin. Each slow caress making me harder and harder. I can almost feel the air between her fingers and my sack, loaded with electricity.

As she touches it I groan, throwing my head back in abandonment. With nimble fingers she explores my genitals. Touching them as if to memorise every wrinkle, every artery. Gently, fleetingly, she kisses the staff, the stem of my member. I moan with delight as she kisses it again and again. More and more. Making me stiff with excitement. All I can do is to lean back and enjoy, letting a hand play a little in her hair.

She runs the tip of her delightful tongue all along the length of my member, from the perineum just below the scrotum all the way up to the tip. As she licks my staff more and more I gasp. Excited beyond belief. Each time I manage to look at her I see her smiling at me and my member. As she coats my member with her saliva, making it glisten, my mind just unwinds. It unravels until all I am is waiting for her next caress.

She masturbates me, gripping my member firmly as she moves her hands up and down it. Giving me a somewhat rough kind of pleasure. Squeezing it unmercifully and using her own saliva as a lubricant. Gently she pulls back my foreskin and flicks the tip of her tongue against my exposed tip. Playing with that short string just below the tip that runs into the foreskin.

Then she takes the tip in, swirling her tongue around it. Then a little more, a little more. Devouring me, using her mouth as a second vagina. As wet, warm and hospitable as her real one. Moving her head up and down she takes me, ravages me. Rules me. I am at the height of my pleasure when I suddenly hear a noise behind me.

"Well, well what have we hear? A new lover-boy perhaps?" Asks a female voice from somewhere behind me, near the entrance to the small garden. I hear her come closer and suddenly she leans in over me.

"Hi." My lover says, her hands still working on my member even if she has freed her mouth. "What do you think of my new boy?" She says it smiling, at me and the visitor. But I remain feeling stunned. The face that is looking down at me is one that at it's current age looks better than it ever has. I should know, we used to be lovers. A few years ago we were an item as you say. Unfortunately, looking back it is quite obvious that neither of us was mature enough for the kind of relationship we wanted. The break-up was as mutual as those can be without agreement and understanding. We basically dumped each other.

"Hi." I say, quite shyly. "It's been a while..."

"It sure has." My old lover says, the mane of red hair on her head more glorious now that it has ever been. "I bet you weren't expected to see me here."

"You two know each other I guess?" My new lover asks.

"Well, yes... We, we were lovers a few years ago..." I start, thinking it would be best if I told her. "It didn't really work out..."

"You probably don't know this. But I got to know her, your new lover, shortly after we had broken up. You see, back then I was wondering a bit. After breaking up with you I kind of suspected that... well, I was gay. Lesbian."My older lover tells me, looking right at me expect when she mentions my new lover. "For a while I actually thought I was through with men and after some experimenting we kind of moved in together."

"I had no clue..." I say, feeling a bit confused by the revelation she has just made.

"It's all true. We did have a few months of happiness, but we kind of came to realise that we both wanted more than we could give each other in the end." My new lover says, maintaining an iron grip around my organ.

"But we've remained friends. Close friends." My old lover says, giving my new lover a look which would be best described as tender as she leans over me.

"Sometimes we even play together.." My new lover says, giving my old lover a wink as she breaks into a naughty smile.

"Are you sure?" My old lover asks.

"Yes." My new lover answers.

"Ok, I'm all for it." My old lover says.

"Ehm, what just happened?" I ask, unsure if what just happened did happen. Or if it was all in my imagination.

"Would you mind terribly if this old friend of us both joined our little game?" My new lover asks me.

"Go right ahead." I say, how could I refuse her anything with my limb as hard as steel in her hands. My old lover bends down and kisses me.

"I can taste what you've been up to. Is he any good?" My old lover asks.

"Why don't you give him a try?" My new lover answers. My old lover soon hitches up her miniskirt, revealing quite small panties which she pulls to the side. Standing over me she lovers her groin on to my mouth.

"Go right ahead, lick me. Show me what you've learn..." She orders and asks me. My new lover with a giggle again devoting herself to my meat as I reach out with my mouth to taste something I have not been close to for several years. Dipping my tongue into the juices of a woman I thought I would never see again. Exploring her with my tongue. Licking around and flicking it at her clit which is only just starting to swell.

"I feel you've at least learnt something." My older lover says, her voice getting sulky as her breathing gets deeper. Just then the timer rings. "What was that?"

"Oh, that just means that it's my time to just lie back." My new lover says. "Take a look now as I'll show you how it's done." She says to me after we've switched places. My old lover now licking my new lover. I reset the timer before kneeling between her legs. Resting my staff that feels like a wet piece of wood on her little landing-strip. Rubbing it gently against her clit.

"Come on, take her. Fuck her." My old lover tells me with a smile. "I know she wants you to." I rub my sensitive member along her labia, letting it glide over her lover lips. I realise she is still very wet. The more I let it glide against her the wetter she gets. She starts moaning.

"Yeah, put it in there." My new lover says, doing so as she briefly takes a break from licking. I pull her thong off and then I part her lovely lower lips. Dipping my tip in her wet flesh I gently rub it all along the opening. When my most recent lover starts to moan more I press it inside just a little, just the tip. Slowly I continue, pushing it in little by little until it is all in.

"Yeah, that's it. Fuck her, fuck her good." My old lover tells me, having apparently found a new talent and fascination for talking dirty that I never knew she had. Starting to thrust I pace myself, despite some animal part of my brain telling me to just screw away. To just go at it as fast and heavy as I physically can. With each thrust a wave of pleasure goes through my body. Smiling at me my old lover leans towards me and we kiss, deeply. We have both become better kissers since we were kissing as a couple.

We just keep kissing, my hips and pelvis working out their own rhythm without my brain interfering. My brain basically entering shut-down mode as my body starts to rule itself. Withdrawing my old lover pulls her top off, leaving her with just the short skirt that she has now hitched all the way up to her waist. Seeing her breasts again reminds me of how much I used to love kissing them, caressing them. I just have to reach out and touch them again, caress her nipples. Then I let my hands descend to caress my current lover's bosom. Groping and squeezing her breasts, feeling her nipples against my palms and fingers.
