 Dear readers what I am about to narrate are not my own experiences but those of my friend Ramesh Kumar. Ramu to his friends. Ramu had read my stories and poems. He told me about his sex encounters and said, "Sahebji write them and share them with the world". Well friends gather round and listen to what happened in his own words. (Names etc. have been changed to avoid embarrassment to the concerned.....).

My first sexual experience took place with our housemaid. 

I was 20 and lived with my parents and my younger sister Meena in a two-bedroom apartment. There was also Shanti, the maid who did general work and also acted as Meena's ayah. Shanti was about 35 years old and very ordinary looking. She was a widow. My parents slept in one room and my sister, the ayah and me in the other. While Meena and I slept on beds Shanti slept on the floor. 

By nature I was very horny. I started to masturbate at the age of twelve and since then masturbated nearly daily. One night, thinking that every one is asleep I started to masturbate. My eyes were closed and my hand was moving fast on my cock. As I was about to come someone grabbed my hand. 

Surprised I said, "What? Who? "Shh dheere bolo koyi sunn lega (Shh speak softly someone might hear)" I heard Shanti whisper. Maybe the shaking and creaking of the bed woke her. I was already imagining as to what was going to happen to me when Shanti tells mummy, mummy in turn will tell daddy and I will be severely taken to task. 

I started to beg Shanti to let me go but she cut me off and said, "Ramu agar tujhe masti chardi hai tau aa main usse uttar deti hoon (Ramu if you are feeling horny come I will look after it)" and pulled me down from the bed. I lay on top of her ample tits. She pulled up her sari exposing her hairy choot (cunt) and pulled off my pajamas and said, "Ab karo (Do it now)". 

I had never fucked before but knew that there was a hole down there and the cock is supposed to go in it. So I started to push blindly in the hope of finding the right path. Shanti caught hold of me and said, "Thehro! (Wait!)". Then putting her hand below she took hold of my rigid cock and with a deft movement of her hips and her hand inserted my cock in her choot (cunt) and said "Ramu ab chodo (Ramu now fuck)". This was my first fuck. 

We then fucked every night and also in the day if we got a chance. Shanti taught me every thing about cunt, tits and what women liked etc. She even sucked my cock. One night she wanted me to fuck her in her ass hole. I refused. No way was I going to put my cock in her shit. She was very persuasive and promised extreme pleasure. I succumbed to her desire and fucked her in her butt. She was right her tight gaand (ass hole) gave me real, real pleasure. 

That day I found out why men loved to fuck young girls and deflower virgins. Yes, for their tight cunts. Tighter the cunt more enjoyable it is. 

For six months or so every thing was fine till one day that stupid Shanti got herself fired for stealing a small trinket of my mother. Mother got her trinket back but I lost a choot forever. I was back to square one that is masturbating.

Next opportunity arose when I was in college. 

My father was transferred out of town and I had to stay in the hostel. My chacha (uncle), a very distant cousin of my father, also lived in town. Our families were quite close to one and another. He was appointed my local guardian. 

The household of my uncle comprised of my aunt and their two daughters Madhu and Sudha. Madhu was pretty, slim, with long hair and nice big black eyes. She was serious and a quiet type. Looks wise Sudha was just like her sister but more lively and a chatterbox. The girls liked me. I liked the girls. We were good friends and had some good times together. I never looked at them as sex objects. I spent many weekends at his house but nothing of consequence happened.

After my first years exams I decided to spend my summer vacation at my uncle's house (the hostel being closed for the holidays). I had not done too well in couple of subjects and wanted to take tuition from the professors. As it was summers my uncle and aunt slept on the roof. Only one room had a dessert cooler therefore we three slept in that room. As the room was small and could not accommodate three beds we slept on mattresses on the floor. In the afternoons my chachi (aunt) also rested in the room with us. 

One evening we decided to go to see a movie. When we reached the hall all the tickets were sold out. Not wanting to go home without seeing a movie we went to a nearby hall. We did not realize that the picture being shown was an English 'adult' movie. The picture contained lots of kissing and many sex scenes etc. making me horny.

After the movie I felt quite embarrassed so did Madhu but Sudha was busy chattering as usual. Sudha said, "Ramu how do these people kiss doesn't the nose come in between?" I told her no. "I don't believe you. You must show it to me" said Sudha. "You stupid girl you want me to show you how to kiss here on the street and make a spectacle of ourselves" I scolded her. "No not here but when we get home. Just before going to bed" was her reply. During all this conversation Madhu did not say a word. She was lost in her thoughts. 

When we were preparing to go to bed Sudha said, "Now Ramu show me how the kiss is done". I took Sudha in my arms and tenderly kissed her on the lips and then with more passion. I was by nature horny and the movie tonight had made me hornier. My cock was erect and I started to kiss her with real passion and pressed her small but very hard tits. Sudha started making small animal sounds. When we separated we were both panting. 

Sudha said, "Ramu that was great. Now show didi (elder sister) how to kiss". Madhu would have no part in it but Sudha kept insisting. In order to shut her up Madhu agreed. I kissed Madhu and squeezed her tits. My erect cock was pushing between her legs. She was moaning with pleasure. Suddenly she blushed and pushed me away from her and said, "This is enough for tonight lets go to bed". After switching off the lights we all lay down.

After seeing the sexy movie and kissing my cousins I was feeling very horny. I could not sleep and kept tossing and turning. I could hear the rhythmic breathing of Sudha who was fast asleep. I looked towards Madhu. I could see the whites of her eyes in the moonlight filtering through the window. She was looking at me. I motioned her to come near me. She smiled and shook her head. 

After few minutes I decided to take a chance. I reached out and caught her hand and pulled her towards me. At first she resisted but soon slid and lay next to me. I started to kiss her and kneading her bosom. She started to moan softly. I pushed her kameez over her breasts. She was not wearing a bra. I kissed her firm boobs and sucked their nipples. Madhu was getting hotter and hotter. Soon her hips started to jerk up and down in passion. I tried to take off her salwar. She caught my hand and shook her head. 

I whispered, "Madhu please don't say no now, it would kill me" and continued to kiss her and rub her choot from outside her salwar. Soon her grip relaxed. I pulled her salwar off and placed it under her bottom to avoid staining the bed sheet. She was also not wearing panties either. I quickly took off my pajamas and got on top of her and rubbed my hard on between the lips of her now very wet cunt. Madhu sighed loudly and said, "Yeh bahut achcha lag raha hai (Ramu this feels very nice)". 

I placed my cock on the entrance of her choot and said, "It will pain a little now". She nodded her head and braced her self for the pain. In a swift firm stroke I broke through her hymen and was fully buried in her cunt. She gasped "OOHHH heavens it really hurts". I said, "It will soon abate" and started to fuck her. It was not long before Mahdu came with a loud AAHhhh. I was no where near coming and continued the in and out movement. She said, "Ramu please be careful. Don't make me pregnant". "Don't worry I know what to do when the time comes" I told her. She relaxed. Another five minutes of in and out motion Madhu came with loud sign 'AAAHHHhh' I was also about to come. When my seed rose I spilled it on her stomach. She wiped it with her kameez and rubbed it on her body. 

We lay still in each other's arms for many minutes enjoying the sensations of our first union. In fifteen minutes or so my cock was rigid again. We fucked again. Madhu said, "Ramu it was heavenly. I have never felt such intense sensations before". After our second fuck she slid back to her side. 

I still could not sleep in about half an hour I saw that Madhu was still awake. I beckoned her to me. She quickly came and we had another glorious fuck. When we had finished I said, "Madhu be careful your clothes must have got soiled". She said, "I know I will take care of them in the morning". Then we slept.

It was late when I got up in the next morning. When I entered the dining room I saw Madhu sitting alone and cutting vegetables. In a whisper I asked, "Is everything all right". She whispered, "Yes. I got up early and had a bath and washed my clothes. Then I asked loudly, "Where is Sudha". Madhu replied that she was having her bath and as soon she has finished I should bathe. It is already late for breakfast. I then whispered, "Madhu it was lovely last night. We will do it again tonight". Madhu blushed and nodded. 

Thereafter every night when Sudha was asleep we both fucked. 

Madhu had a friend Lata. She was as old as Madhu but darker. She had nice features, flashing black eyes and real big boobs. Madhu and Lata were class fellows and best of friends. Lata used to visit our house nearly every day. She was like a family member. I started fantasizing about fucking her and playing with her ample bust. We used to play many games together and some times the games got rough. I managed to feel her tits on several occasions but she did not react. She must have thought it was by accident. 

One day Lady Fortune did smile on me but in quite an unsuspected way. 

After a fortnight or so of fucking Madhu my uncle and aunt had to go to a wedding. When they were leaving my uncle said, "We will get late and you children should not wait up for us". After the usual lecture about 'opening the door to strangers' etc. they left. 

As soon as they had gone I took Sudha on my lap and started to kiss her. Sudha said, "Ramu why don't you do what you do with didi". "I am doing that" I replied. "No not this. Lie on top of me and move" she said. "I don't do that with Madhu" I said trying to evade the matter. "Don't lie to me. I have been watching you both for last four nights. When you think I am sleeping you lie on top of her and move and didi sighs and says Ramu this is really heavenly I have not felt so much pleasure before and things like that. I also want to feel this heavenly pleasure" she said. I thought, "We were lucky, as the moon was on the wane she could not see all that was really going on. 

I wanted to fuck her choot also. Her cunt would be real tight I thought. I remembered that tighter the hole more enjoyable it is. Sudha repeated, "Ramu please do it. Please". How lucky can one get here I thought Sudha is begging me to take her virginity. I did not want to lose the favours of Madhu's choot. I looked at Madhu and enquiringly raised my eyebrow. Madhu smiled and nodded. The road to Sudha's virgin choot was now clear. 

I took her in my arms and said, "I will do what you want but on three conditions. Firstly you will tell no one, I repeat no one at all about what we do here. Secondly you will not stop me doing anything I want and thirdly you will do everything I ask you to do without asking questions. Agreed?" "Yes. I promise Ramu, I promise" she panted eagerly.

After switching off all the unnecessary lights to avoid attracting attention I took a towel and spread it on the bed sheet. Then I lay down on it with Sudha in my arms. I kissed her and fondled her small but rock hard tits. When I tried to raise her kameez above her tits she caught hold of hand. I said, "Remember your promise". Slowly her grip slackened and I pulled off her kameez. God what lovely breasts? I kissed them at first then sucked their pink nipples. Sudha was moaning with pleasure, "Ramu this feels really nice. It is lovely etc." I placed my hand on her choot and started to rub it from outside her salwar. She moaned louder. 

When I opened her salwar string she caught hold of my hand again and said, "Ramu tum kya pagal ho gaye ho? Mujhe nanga kyon kar rahe ho? (Ramu have you gone mad? Why are you undressing me?)" I again reminded her of her promise but her grip did not loosen. I insisted on taking her salwar off. She looked at Madhu for help. Madhu smiled and nodded. For a few minutes she did not know what to do. I kept on sucking her tits and rubbing her slit. Then hesitatingly she removed her hand and let me do what I wanted. I took off her salwar and she lay absolutely naked in front of my eyes. 

I had never seen Madhu naked but the sight of Sudha lying naked was like seeing a houri from heaven. Her small hard tits pointing towards the ceiling, her choot with slight growth of hair on it, the virgin lips of her cunt pressed together and the small clit peeping through them. As I did not want her to change her mind, I did not dally long at this heavenly vision but immediately put my lips on her choot and started to lick it and I suck on her clit. With a sharp intake of breath she said, "Oh it is really heavenly. I never thought one could feel so much pleasure". Madhu said, "Wait sister dear it gets better and better". I looked at Madhu and saw her hand moving inside her salwar masturbating. 

I quickly took off my pajamas and lay on top of Sudha. I took my hard lund (cock) and rubbed it up and down between the lips of her cunt. Sudha went wild. Her hips were moving, she was moaning loudly and her breath was coming in gasps. I then placed my cock on the entrance of her tight virgin hole and slowly pushed the head of my cock inside till her hymen stopped further progress. I whispered, "Sudha now it is going to hurt you". "Does not matter let it hurt. It feels lovely please don't stop" she pleaded. I think she did not believe me that it would hurt. Gathering her firmly in my arms I pushed hard. The hymen tore and I was fully buried in her tight choot. "OOOWWWWOOO didi it hurting me like hell. Ramu kya kar rahe ho? Mere uper se uttero. Bahut hee dard ho raha hai (OOOWWWWOOO didi it is hurting me like hell. Ramu what are you doing? Get off me. It is really hurting me)" she yelled and tried to dislodge me. Keeping a tight hold of her I kept pumping her choot and said, "I am only doing what you wanted". 

Soon her struggles became feebler and feebler and then stopped. She lay there enjoying the new sensation in her cunt. Her eyes shut saying 'OHHh' 'AAHHh' 'it is very nice' etc. As I had thought her choot was very tight. It held my cock like a vice. It was not long before I got to the short strokes. My speed got faster, the strokes shorter and harder. Seeing this Madhu realized that I was about to come. She said, "Ramu come in her choot there is no danger. Her period finished only yesterday". Giving her a grateful smile and with a loud AAHHHhh I shot my load into Sudha's cunt and lay panting on her breasts. 

Sudha opened her eyes and said, "Ramu ruk kyon gaye aur karo na? (Ramu why have you stopped please continue?)". I just lay there enjoying the sensation. Sudha turned to Madhu and asked, "Didi Ramu ruk kyon gaya? (Didi why has Ramu stopped?)" "Give him a few minutes he will start again". Few minutes later I started to fuck her again. Soon Sudha was about to reach her climax. Her hips started to move her moaning became louder and louder then with a shudder and a loud sigh she came. I continued to fuck. After ten minutes or so the juices in both of us started to rise again and we both came together. We just lay there panting and savoring the lovely sensations we had just experienced. We even dozed off. 

It was Madhu's voice that brought us back to our senses. She was saying, "Ramu get off her and Sudha you go to the bathroom and wash the tell tale sighs off your first fuck properly with soap. "Must I? It feels so nice?" Sudha said. "Yes, young lady go wash yourself. Mummy and daddy will be here soon". This galvanized us into action. Soon every thing was in tiptop condition. We decided to go to sleep and not undertake any more risks. We were fast asleep when my aunt and uncle came home.

Next day began as usual with fight over the bathroom, then breakfast etc. On reflection of last night's events I was amazed that girl as old as Sudha did not know what fucking was. I decided Sudha was play-acting with us. I talked to Madhu about it. She agreed with me but on asking Sudha we did not get a straight answer. 

Next night I wanted to see Madhu naked but she said, "No I feel embarrassed". Sudha was furious, "You saw me naked last night and now you are playing coy". After lots of persuasion we managed to make her naked. Her body was just like Sudha's except for her lovely tits. They were larger than Shudha's and she had more hair on her choot. The girls also inspected my cock and the balls from every angle. 

I asked Sudha to kiss it and take it in her mouth and suck on it. At first she refused saying it was dirty. When I reminded her that I had licked her cunt last night she agreed and sucked my cock. It was not long before I came in her mouth. She tried to free herself but I held her tightly. She had to swallow my-cum. "Not bad. Salty but not at all bad" she said. Soon we had Madhu sucking my cock and drink my-cum. Thereafter we fucked, sucked and licked every night. 

Only one thing was unanswered. Did Sudha know what fucking was? We asked her again. She tried to be evasive but we would not take an evasive answer. She said, "Okay I will tell you. You guys think I am stupid. Of course I knew what you both were unto. You see that night after the sexy movie I was feeling very horny. That is the reason I started with the kiss business as a hint to Ramu. I wanted Ramu to fuck me but he did not take my hint and I was too embarrassed to ask him directly. As it turned out instead of me my dear sister got fucked. 

No I did not know you two were fucking till one night I woke up to piss and heard Madhu moaning. I just lay there and watched. It was a dark night I could not see much but knew you two were fucking. Thank god you finished soon and went to sleep otherwise I would have pissed in bed. Since then I watched you fuck every night and felt hotter than the kitchen stove. I knew now how to broach the subject but was waiting for an opportunity. The opportunity came and you know what happened. I got myself a nice cock. I am a good actress. I think I will join the films. What do you guys say?" 

"You are a very naughty girl" we said and laughed. 

Well I fucked both of them every night for a fortnight or so before another piece of luck happened to me. 

Lata was Madhu's bosom friend. She came daily and was like a member of the family. I had always wanted to fuck her but was in a fix. If I tried directly and she repulsed me, she was bound to tell Madhu. Madhu might not like it and I could end up losing her choot also. If I asked Madhu to help me get her then the same result could follow. So I waited maybe luck will help me in the same manner it helped me to pluck Sudha's cherry. 

One morning when we all four were playing monopoly I found that Lata was behaving very strangely. Whenever I talked to her she would go red in the face and then lower her eyes before replying. I also caught her staring at my crotch. 

At that moment I said nothing but when I was alone with Madhu and Sudha at night I commented, "What is wrong with Lata she was behaving very strangely today?" Sudha said, "You are right I also noticed it". Madhu said, "May be because of what I told her". "What did you tell her?" I asked. "I...I.. t t old her...everything" she stammered. "What? You stupid girl you mean you have told her about us fucking?" I said angrily. "Only about you and me and not about Sudha" she said. "But why did you do that. Now she can blow the whistle whenever she pleases and we all three, mind you we all three will be in deep trouble". Sudha said, "Tut, tut how could you do this didi?" 
