 Dear friends this episode also concerns my friend Ramu short for Ramesh. Ramu related it to me also with the instructions to write it and share it with you guys. 

My name is Ramesh but every one calls me Ramu. I am nearly six-foot tall, slim and muscular. By profession I am a teacher. I got some lucky breaks and I am at present the principal of a government school. 

I am married. My wife is also a teacher, employed in a prestigious private school. We have two children Sachin, a five years old boy and Madhuri, a girl just about a year old. We live in the house built by my father. My parents live on the ground floor and my family and I on the first floor. 

We have a cook cum maid Maya. Maya is in her late twenties, married but separated from her husband. She is not very tall, slim, dark with real big boobs which swing when she walks. Their movement alone is sufficient to give anyone a hard on. We also have Kanchi, a 18 year old girl from Nepal to look after Madhuri. Like many women from Nepal Kanchi is slightly built and does not look her age. She did not look a day older than sixteen. She is short, fair and very pretty. She has beautifully shaped small boobs. She looks so pretty and fresh that I want to pull her to me and shove my cock up her virgin choot (cunt). Both the maids lived on the second floor in the barsati (a small room on the roof). 

During the summer vacations my wife along with the children and Kanchi went to spend a month or so with her parents. Maya and I were left alone in the flat. My parents wanted me to stay with them during this period. I told them that as I had very irregular timings etc. I would not like to disturb them and would prefer to stay in my own flat. 

The real reason was that I wanted to enjoy Maya's choot (cunt). Though she had been married and probably well fucked by her husband my readers would agree with me that a new choot is a new choot. From the very first day, I started to plan as to how to get her in my bed. 

Few days later one night while eating dinner I asked her, 'Maya where is your husband and why did you leave him?' My wife had told me all about her marital history. My purpose was to remind her of her husband and make her think about the nights she was spending alone without the benefit of his cock to pacify her young choot, in other words to make her wet and horny. 

She said, 'I did not leave my husband but he threw me out. I asked, 'But why you are young, sexy, pretty and a good cook?' She said, 'I got married when I was only nineteen. Even after five years of marriage I did not have children. My husband took me to different doctors and to hospitals for check ups me. After a year or so they established that due to some internal deformities I could never become a mother. My in-laws then pressed my husband to marry again'. 

'At first he resisted but in the end gave in to them and married again. My husband was a fair man and after the initial few months, in which I let him enjoy his new and young bride without complaining, he distributed his favours evenly between us both. The new wife treated me like her elder sister. Every thing was going well till the new wife got pregnant and her brother came to visit us'. 

'After he left the attitude of the new wife changed completely. She started instigating my husband against me by telling him small lies about me. There were fights and quarrels nearly every day. One day she told our husband that he had to choose between the two of us'. 

'As she was giving him the long desired child he kept her and threw me out. Since then I have worked as cook and maid in different households and since three months I am working for you sir'. 

After dinner I went for my daily walk. On my return I did not see Maya anywhere. It was the month of June. The day had been a scorcher. The night was also very hot. There was no relief under the fan so I decided to go to my bedroom straight away. An air conditioner was working in the room and the temperature was very pleasant. 

I was reading in bed when Maya knocked and came in with my nightly glass of milk. 'Yahan kitna achha hai. Bahar tua bhatti ki terah garam hai. Pata nahin mujhe iss garmi main neend aayegi ya nahin? (It is so nice in here. Outside it is hot like a furnace. I don't know whether I will be able to sleep in this heat?)'.

I told her, 'Tu chahati hai tau yahan so ja (If you want you can sleep here)'. She blushed and said, "Sachhi? Main abhi aayi (Really? I will just come)" and disappeared. I knew that tonight I was going to fuck Maya. 

After ten minutes or so she was back with a pillow and a sheet and started to spread it on the floor. 'Kya kar rahi hai? (What are you doing?)' I asked. 'Apna bistar bana rahi hoon (I am making my bed)' she replied. I told her that there is no need for her to sleep on the floor and she could sleep on the bed it was broad enough. She blushed again and lay down on the far end of the bed. I continued to read. 

I thought she apparently wants fucking and she will surely make the next move. If not the night was still young and I could make my move later. Sure enough after half an hour or so she said, 'Mujhe thand lag rahi hai (I am feeling cold)'. 

Dear readers if you have read Sahebji's poem 'Dost ki sali ki chudai' (The fucking of friend's sali [sister in law] you will recall the line 'Chudne aayee thi sali, sali chud kar hee aaj jayegee'(Sali came to be fucked and today sali will go after getting fucked). I said, 'Paas aaja main tujhe garam rakhoonga (Come nearer I will keep you warm)'. After initial hesitation and blushing she slid over to me. 

I laid down my book and started to press her ample boobs. She said, 'Saabji kya kar rahe ho? (Saabji what are you doing?)'. 'Tujhe garami de raha hoon (I am warming you)' I said. There after she said nothing and let me do what I pleased. I opened her blouse and slid her bra up releasing her large tits. I kissed them and sucked the nipples. She was moaning loudly. I raised her sari and rubbed my finger in her slit and then finger fucked her. 

She was panting and said, 'Saabji aur mat tardpao. Jaldi se mujhe chodo (Saabji don't tease me any more. Fuck me quickly)". I told her to undress completely and started too undress myself. She had her clothes off in a trice and lay down for me to 'mount' the nights show. Her cunt had no hair on it. I quickly inserted my cock in her waiting cunt. 'AAAHHhh how lovely it is to feel a man inside me again. I had nearly forgotten the pleasure it gives' she murmured. 

After every few strokes she came. Due to lack of fucking her choot was quite tight and in ten minutes or so I was ready to shoot my-cum in her. My strokes became faster and harder. Her bottoms were moving in rhythm of my hips and she was moaning loudly and shouted, 'Faster harder y..hes more Y...HEEEES' then with a loud sigh I shot my-cum into her and at the same moment she also came with a loud 'AAAHHHhh'. 

After the fuck she snuggled up to me. She lay with her head on my chest playing with my balls and my limp cock. I asked her if she removed the hair on her cunt every day and smelled so nice too. 

She said, 'Actually no. Today all the talk of my husband had made me lewd. I wanted you to fuck me. So after dinner when you went out for a walk I dumped all the dishes in the sink and went up to my room. I removed the hair from my choot and had a bath with the aromatic soap given to me by madam. I thought may be I will get lucky tonight and wanted to be ready. When you asked me to sleep in the room I knew you also wanted to fuck me. I lay waiting for you to make a move but you didn't. So I told you I was feeling cold. Well I did get lucky didn't I?' 

Then she said, 'Saabji mujhe ek baar aur chodo (Saabji fuck me one more time)'. I told her sure but first suck my cock and make it hard again. Without any hesitation she took my cock in her mouth and started to suck it. She was an accomplished cocksucker. Soon my cock was hard again. I fucked her two more times that night. Thereafter we went to sleep naked in each other's arms. 

Next morning when I got up Maya was no where insight. A few minutes later she came in with a steaming cup of tea. She was still naked. I asked her sit next to me on the bed. She sat down and started to handle my cock. In no time it was erect again. 'What are you going to do about this?' she asked with a big smile pointing to my hard on. 'I am going to do nothing about it, but you are going to suck it and drink my-cum' I replied. 'Drink your cum? I have never done it before' she said. 

'You have to start some day' I said and pressed her mouth on my cock. After initial hesitation she started to suck my cock. As I had said before she was good. What a blowjob she gave me? I quickly finished my tea and held her head, lest she decides to cheat at the last moment. I told her to get ready, as I was about to shoot my load. I came in her mouth and she swallowed all that I had to offer. 

'How was it?' I asked. 'Little salty but nice' was her reply. That night after fucking her once I told her to turn over on her stomach. 'Why? What are you going to do?' she asked. 'Main ab teri gaand marunga' I said. She questioned, 'Larkiyon ki bhi koyi gaand marta hai? (Does one fuck girls also in the ass hole?)'. 'Haan. Tunne pahele nahin marwayi tau theek hai. Main teri kori gaand ko phardoonga (Yes. It is okay if you have not done it before. I will take the cherry of your virgin ass hole)' I said. 

I turned her over and after greasing her butt hole and my cock I pressed my cock on it. 'It is paining very much' she said. 'Don't worry it will soon be all right' I replied and increased the pressure. Her ass hole opened and I was in. She screamed, 'Saabji bahut dard horagi hai AAAYYYIIIEEE (Saabji it is hurting me a lot AAAYYYIIIEEE)'. Then I fucked her rear entrance while continuing to rib her choot. Afterwards I asked her as to how it was. "It was much better than I thought. I really enjoyed it," she said. 

After that day we fucked every night. We fucked on every piece of furniture and in many positions. We fucked during the day also. In other words we fucked as and when we wanted till my wife returned. After her return it was difficult to fuck safely but we did manage to fuck at least two times a week. 

All was well. I was happy.

One evening I sat reading the morning papers and Kanchi was sitting on the floor playing with the kids. After some time I started watching the pretty, fresh and youthful face of Kanchi, though pretending to read. My cock came to attention and I started to press it with my hands thinking how lovely it would be to fuck this fresh piece of virgin flesh. 

These thoughts were going through my mind when Maya brought the evening tea. She saw me with an erection, watching Kanchi sitting on the floor. 'Saabji bilkul taaza aur kora maal hai (Saabji she is absolutely fresh and a virgin)' she said. 'So tau hai (That is so)' I sighed. 

'Isse aap chod kyon nahin dete? (Why don't you fuck her?)' she asked. 'Ek din isse chodunga tau zaroor. Bas mauke ka intezaar hai (I will surely fuck her one day. I am just waiting for an opportunity)' I said. 'Dhyan rakna kahin yeh maa na ban jaye (Just be careful that she doesn't become pregnant)' she warned. "Fikar ki koyi baat nahin hai. Maine nasbandi kara rakkhi hai (There is nothing to worry about. I have under gone vasectomy) I told her. 'Phir der kayeki chod do haraamzadi ko aur mazaa lo (What is then the delay fuck the bitch and enjoy yourself)' she said and left. 

About a week later, as I had some family matters to attend to, I came home around noon. As I entered I looked around and did not see Maya. Placing my briefcase on my study desk I entered my room. As per my habit went in the bathroom to wash my face. I was very pleasantly surprised to see Kanchi, absolutely naked sitting on a low stool having a bath. Seeing me she got up and placed one arm across her small bosom and the other hand in front of her hairy choot (cunt) in an endeavor to hide them from my gaze and cried, 'SHAABJI AAP? (SHAABJI YOU?)'. 

In one glance I had seen all. The sunlight was reflecting from her wet body. The water drops twinkled like stars on her small boobs. Her tits were small but well formed. The light brown nipples were erect and pointing towards me. The lips of her hairy choot pressed against each other allowing her clit to barely peep out of them. It was a beautiful sight to watch. My cock responded by getting hard. 

'Kanchi tu tau bahut khoobsoorat hai (Kanchi you are very pretty)' I said. She was not listening to me. Her eyes were darting here and there trying to locate something with which she could cover her nakedness. Her eyes rested on the towel. I knew she will go for it and she did. As she grabbed the towel I grabbed her round the waist and pulled her to me. 

She started to struggle. I lifted her face and kissed it tenderly. She said loudly, 'SHAABJI MUJHE CHORD DO (SHAABJI LEAVE ME)'. Without replying I placed my hand on her tits and pressed them and tweaked her nipples between my fingers. A soft moan escaped her. I said, 'Kanchi tu tau ab bardi hogayi hai aur chodene ke liye tayyar hai (Kanchi you are grown up now and ready to be fucked)' she again started to struggle again and shouted, 'NAHIN, NAHIN (NO, NO)' but I held her tightly. 

I moved my hand from her tits to her choot and started to move my fingers between its hairy lips. After some time her cunt became wet. 'Kanchi dekh teri choot kitni geeli ho gayi hai. Ab teri choot bhi chudayi mangati hai (Kanchi see how wet your cunt has become. Your cunt also wants fucking)' and started to half pull and half push her towards the bedroom. 'NAHIN,NAHIN SHAABJI MUJHE CHORDO (NO, NO SHAABJI LEAVE ME)' she shouted. 

In the bedroom I pushed her on the bed. She tried to get up but I held her down with my hands. I took her nipple in my mouth and started to suck it. She was no longer struggling to get free but moaning with the pleasure created by the new sensation she was feeling for the first time. Realizing her vulnerable situation she again made a desperate attempt to get free and shouted, 'SHAABJI MUJHE CHORD DO (SHAABJI LET ME GO)'. I stopped sucking her tits and looking straight in her agitated eyes I said, 'Chordoonga tau sahi per pahele tujhe chod tau loon (I will let you go but after I have fucked you first)'. Her agitation and struggles increased and she again shouted, 'SHAABJI MUJHE NAHIN CHUDWANA (SHAABJI I DON'T WANT TO BE FUCKED)'. 

Ignoring her protest I attacked her cunt with my mouth. I licked her cunt and took her erect clit in mouth and sucked on it. Slowly her protests ceased and a loud "OOOHH" escaped her. Her struggles became feebler and feebler. Then they stopped. She placed her hand on back of my head and presses it to her cunt. Her bum was raised pressing her cunt to my mouth. After ten minutes of cunt licking I saw her body was getting tense. She was about to come. Then with a loud "AAAAHHHHHhhhh" she came. 

I got up and placed the towel under her bum and undressed releasing my hard on from it's confinement. My cock was wet with pre-cum. Kanchi just lay there with her eyes shut savoring the pleasure she had just felt. I lay down top of her and started to rub my cock between her cunt lips. She started to moan again. 

I asked, 'Kanchi tu ab chudwayegi na? (Kanchi you want me to fuck you?)'. 'Haan, haan (Yes, yes)' she moaned softly. I said, 'Kanchi apni tangain chowrdi kar (Kanchi spread your legs)'. She spread her legs as wide as she could. I placed my cock on the entrance of her fuck hole and pressed in. The head entered. Kanchi groaned, 'OOWW'. I then held her firmly and gave mighty push. My cock tore through her virginity and was half buried in her virgin hole. With the next push I was fully engulfed in her cunt. 

Kanchi screamed, 'AAAAIIIIEEEE SHAABJI BAHUT LUG RAHA HAI. NIKALO, NIKALO (SHAABJI IT IS HURTING A LOT. TAKE IT OUT)'. 'Dheere bol Maya sunn legi (Speak softly. Maya will hear you)' I said and ignoring her pleas started to fuck her. Soon she was moaning with pleasure. Her hips started to move in rhythm of my strokes. She held me tightly to her with her arms. Her cunt was real tight. It was one of the tightest 18 year old cunt I ever fucked. I felt as if my cock was held in a vice. I knew I could not last long. I fucked hard and fast. Soon she was also ready. With a loud sigh of satisfaction 'AAAHHHhh' we both came. 

I lay on her for a minute or so enjoying the sensation. Then I withdrew my rod. Kanchi lay still with her legs apart. Her cunt oozing my-cum streaked with the blood of her shattered virginity. I took her hand and placed it on my now flabby cock. At first she pulled it back but I forced her to hold it. She started to move the foreskin up and down. 

Friends, a girl doesn't require to be told what to do with a 'cock in hand' nature teaches her. 

After ten minutes or so she asked, 'Ab main nahane jaoon (Can I go and bathe now)'. I told her, 'Abhi nahin hum ek baar aur chodenge (Not yet my dear we will fuck again)'. When I was hard again I asked, 'Kanchi main tujhe dobaara chodoon? (Shall I fuck you again?)'. Kanchi did not say anything but only smiled and spread her legs wide. 

We fucked two more times. I said, 'Kanchi you can finish your bath now. Then make the bed and remember to wash the towel properly to remove any signs of blood on it'. She nodded. I then had a quick wash. As I was ready to leave I told her that tomorrow morning after madam has gone to the school, she should come to my room and we will fuck again. Kanchi blushed and said, 'Aaungi (I will come)'. Then I left. 

I met Maya standing near the gate and told her to tell madam that I will be back by evening. 

In the next days I enjoyed fucking Kanchi's tight cunt. I also introduced her to cock sucking and cum drinking which she relished.

One afternoon Maya said, 'Saabji now that you have deflowered Kanchi it is not nice to forget your old friends'. I kept quiet. 'Don't play innocent I know everything. It was only because of me that you could enjoy the virgin choot of Kanchi'. I still didn't say a word. 

'You don't believe me. Then listen. On the 16th after dinner I overheard you telling madam that the next day you will come home by noon, as you had to attend to some family matters. Kanchi did not know about this. 

Next morning I kept Kanchi busy in the kitchen doing meaningless chores. When I saw your car enter the gate I told Kanchi that it was getting late and she should quickly go and have her bath. I knew she would go to your bathroom to bathe. She did this daily despite my telling her that it was wrong. I also knew that as per your habit you would go straight to the bathroom to wash and find a naked Kanchi. You are much too experienced to let such a golden opportunity to fuck a virgin choot go by'. 

'When you came up I hid. You went straight into your room and then into the bathroom. I ran to your bedroom door and listened. I heard Kanchi say, 'Shaabji aap? (Shaabji you?)' I could not hear what you said as you spoke softly. Next I heard was, 'Shaabji mujhe chord do (Shaabji leave me)' then silence and then Kanchi said 'Nahin, nahin (No, no)' again silence then an agitated Kanchi said 'Nahin, nahin Shaabji mujhe chordo (No, no Shaabji leave me)' her voice was getting nearer you both were now in the bedroom. Then I heard the sound of somebody on your bed then she again pleaded 'Shaabji mujhe chord do (Shaabji let me go)' I still could not make out what you were saying. Then she shouted in an agitated voice 'Shaabji maine nahin chudwana (Shaabji I don't want to fuck)'

Then she said, "OOOHhh" followed by a long sigh 'Aaaahhhhhhhhh'. I could guess as to what was going on. The life span of Kanchi's virginity had come to an end. It won't be long before your lund shatters it. I was just thinking this when I heard Kanchi shout "Ooww' followed by 'Aaaaiiiiieeee Shaabji bahut lug raha hai. nikalo, nikalo (Aaaaiiiieeee Shaabji it is hurting a lot. Take it out. Take it out)'. I knew the deed is done. Kanchi was no longer an innocent girl but a woman. I then left you to your pleasures and went down stairs to ward of any disturbances. You will remember when you left after an hour or so I was standing at the gate and you gave me a message for madam'. 
