 Dear friends this episode also concerns my friend Ramu short for Ramesh. Ramu as told to me with the instructions to write it and share it with you guys. 

Mrs. Pooja came in and introduced herself. Pooja was in her late thirties. She was pretty, fair, tall and slim with a lovely figure. Her tits were large and nicely shaped. She wore a white sari draped tightly round her body showing her ass and her big tits to their best advantage. She did not have 'sindoor' (red coloured powder) in her hair parting. Maya was right, from her white sari and lack of sindoor, it appeared that she was a widow. 

Seeing her my cock started to rise to greet her. If the daughter was anything like the mother then I was on to a good thing. I made a mental note to reward Maya with an extra fuck or two for the good sense she had shown. She explained the purpose of her visit. She wanted me to give tuition to her 18-year-old daughter Sarita, studying in the final year of school. 

'Sarita' she said, 'is an intelligent girl. She had always done well in the class but since few months or so her grades are falling. You know sir how important the final year is? If she does not do well then it will effect her future career'. She was very worried and wanted my help. I said, 'Do not worry. I will see to it that Sarita passes her exams with good marks'. 

Then she said, 'Mr. Kumar I am a widow, though financially comfortably placed, I am not rich but am ready to pay whatever tuition fees you want on hourly or monthly basis to see that my daughter's future is secured'. I told her that the matter of tuition fees is a small matter. We can settle it after I have met Sarita and gauged the amount of effort I would have to make. 

Mrs. Pooja however wanted to settle my fees in advance. My wife said, 'Mrs. Pooja my husband will definitely settle this matter after he has had a chance to judge the workload involved'. It was then agreed that I would visit her house two days later, after I came home from my work. She spent another hour with us drinking tea and chatting with my wife.

Two days later as agreed I was at Pooja's house and met her daughter Sarita.

Sarita was slightly shorter and darker than Pooja. Otherwise they were like two peas in a pod. After talking to Sarita and going through her books and her work I said, 'Mrs. Pooja initially I will teach Sarita on weekdays for an hour in the afternoon and after seeing her progress the frequency of the tuition can be reduced'. Pooja asked, 'What about your fees?' I laughed, 'Don't worry Poojaji. I won't teach her for free. Give me time and I will tell you on my own'. 

I started to teach her from the next day. 

During the lesson Pooja kept going in and out of the room at some pretext or the other and why not? She was guarding the virginity of her daughter from a stranger. During the tuition I found Sarita to be quite intelligent but her mind kept wandering and seemed always preoccupied. This was the main reason for her not being able to concentrate. 

After three weeks or so on a Friday evening I received a call from Pooja, 'Mr. Kumar you have not yet told me your fees. Why don't you come and meet me on Sunday morning if it is convenient to you. We can discuss Sarita's progress and also settle the matter of your fees'. I told her that I would be with her between 10.00 and 10.30 a.m. 

On Sunday morning as I had also some other matters to attend I reached Pooja's house earlier than the appointed time. When I rang the bell I heard Pooja shout, 'Please come in the door is open'. On entering I saw that Pooja was standing on a shaky stool trying to drive a nail in the wall. She was dressed in a near transparent housecoat and her black bra and panties were clearly visible. Seeing her attired this way I got an immediate hard on. 'Oh it is you Mr. Kumar. I did not expect you till later' she said.

I apologized for coming early. She said, 'Doesn't matter I will be soon with you' and raised the hammer to hit the nail. Somehow she lost her balance and fell. I tried to catch her but only succeeded in breaking her fall and we both went crashing to the floor. We fell in such a manner that she was on the floor and I on top. Lying like this did my cock no good. It became harder and pressed into the divide of her legs against her choot. I moved slightly to arouse passion in her. 

For a few minutes she lay under me with her eyes closed moaning. Then she opened her eyes and looked me straight in the eye and said, 'Ramesh ji I think I have hurt my shoulder and knee. Could you please help me to my room?' I said, 'Sure' and half carried and half walked her to her room. She kept groaning at every step she took. 

I sat her down on her bed and propped up her back with pillows against the headrest of the bed to make her comfortable and said, 'Can I get you something or call a doctor? Where is Sarita?' 'No, a doctor is not required. Sarita has gone to attend her computer class and will only be back by noon. You can, if you don't mind, rub some deep heat on my shoulder' she said handing a tube to me. 'Sure with pleasure' I told her and sat down next to her on her right side. 

'It is my left shoulder that hurts' she said pulling back her housecoat and lowering her bra strap. 'Don't worry I can reach it from here' I told her and started rubbing the soothing salve. 'Yes that is the place but a little gently it hurts' she said and closed her eyes. 'A little lower. That is right little more' she said guiding me. While I was rubbing the deep heat she laid her head back and started to moan. 

Initially I thought she was groaning with pain but she was actually moaning with pleasure. 'Please Ramesh ji a little lower' she moaned. I moved yet lower and when I felt the fleshy part of her breast I stopped and shifted higher. She caught my hand and placing it squarely on her left boob and looking me straight in the eye said, 'Ramesh ji the real pain is here. Please press it'.

Dear readers you tell me what I should have done? Right, that is exactly what I did. I pressed her boob and putting my hand inside her bra pulled it out. I bent forward and kissed her tenderly on her lips. She reciprocated my kiss with the same tenderness. She then in a quick movement pulled down my head and gave me a passionate kiss. I kissed her tit and started to suck its nipple. With a deft movement she unclasped her bra and threw it off and said, 'Ramesh ji don't forget this one'.

I said, 'Pooja please don't call me Ramesh ji. Call me Ramu every one else does'. She took off her housecoat and slid lower in the bed lying flat on her back. She looked very pretty lying there with nothing on but her flimsy black underwear. Her boobs, big as they were, were still very hard and without any sag. Her nipples were light brown in colour, hard and erect with sexual excitement. While I was to kissing her and suckling her tits she placed her hand on my crotch and started fumbling with my zipper. I pulled down my zipper and freed my hard on. 

She quickly took it in her hand started to move the foreskin up and down. She was moaning loudly all the time. I moved downwards. While kissing and licking her belly I put my hand in the elastic band of her panties. Her panties were soaked with her cunt juice. I pulled it off with her help. I looked at her choot for the first time. It had no hair on it. I found the smell of her womanly aroma mixed with some lovely fragrance rising from her choot very invigorating. 'You have a very pretty cunt' I told her. 'You like it? I am happy. I shaved and scented it this morning especially for you' she said. 

I heard her remark but let it ride for the present there will be lots of time afterwards to find out what she meant. I bent down and kissed her cunt. Then started to lick it and suck her swollen clit. All this time she kept squeezing my cock hard and harder till it hurt. 'Please Ramu don't delay now. Put your cock inside my choot and fuck me. Yes fuck me hard' she said relinquishing her hold on my cock to my utter relief. I got between her legs and pushed my rigid lund (cock) inside her dripping choot (cunt). 

'Aahhh it is so nice to feel a lund in my cunt again. Ramu you can't imagine how much I missed it'. 'My husband died two years back since then you are my first man. Oh, now fuck me hard' she said. I started to move my member in and out of her fuck hole. Within minutes she came with a loud sigh. 'This was lovely Ramu make me come again and again' she said. I kept fucking and she came again. 

This went on till she came four more times. I was now moving faster and slamming into her harder. She also was moaning louder. Her hips were moving in rhythm with my strokes. She was shouting, 'Yes Ramu faster, harder yes ram it into me. Meri choot ko phard do chahain tanke lagwane pardain (Tear my cunt even I have to get it stitched). I was also panting and was about to come. 

I said, 'Pooja dear I am coming and started to shoot my spunk into her fuck canal but kept moving in and out of her choot'. 'Come darling come I am also reaching my climax again. This time it is going to be a big one. Go on harder h...yes h..yes I am there I am COOMMMIINGGggg' and fell back exhausted on the bed. As I had come inside her and thought she might feel a bit apprehensive. I told her that there was nothing to worry about and she won't get pregnant, as I can't make babies. She didn't say anything but only smiled sweetly.

When we lay resting I lit a cigarette and asked her what she had meant by 'have especially prepared for you'. She said, 'Okay I will tell you everything. I am a very horny woman. My poor husband, may God rest his Soul, was equally horny. We used to fuck a lot. Much more often than normal married couple'. 

'In the first year of our marriage itself Sarita was born. During her birth something went wrong, I don't remember the medical terms but that is not important now, and I could not bear any more children. That is the reason Sarita is my only child. We had wanted at least four children. You remember the day I came to see you about Sarita's tuition? I nodded. That day as soon as I saw you my choot got wet. I have not had this type of reaction towards any man since my husband passed away'. 

'On my way home my choot kept itching for your cock and my juice kept flowing. When I got home I was so wet that I found it difficult to remove my panties. I could not resist myself and I fingered myself for so long and came so often that I was nearly half-dead with exhaustion. I was not sure how you felt but I was determined to try to fuck you. Whenever you came it made me feel worse'. 

'Then I hit upon this idea of calling you to discuss Sarita's progress. This was just a ploy. I had actually no hard and fast plan. I had thought I will try to seduce you and if nothing worked then I would simply ask you to fuck me and in anticipation of your agreeing I removed all the hair from my choot and applied the best and the sexiest fragrance I own. But God is great I toppled down from the stool (no, no this was not planned. It was a genuine accident) and you fell on top of me. I could feel your hard cock pressing against my cunt. When you moved I knew you would also like to fuck me. Well rest you know. I just helped a bit in case you still felt hesitant to take the initiative'.

Her story gave me an erection and we had another very satisfying fuck. We rested for a while then I asked her to suck my cock. She immediately took my cock in her mouth and started to suck it. She was good. She knew exactly when to do what. In no time I was ready to come. I told her that I was about to come. She just looked up to me and without releasing my cock from her mouth nodded and increased her effort. With a loud sigh I shot my load into her mouth. She continued to suck till she had swallowed the very last drop. 'Pooja dear you are good. Where did you learn to suck cock like this? She laughed, 'Remember I was married for several years. I had lots of practice'. 

'After some time she said, 'Ramu will you do me a favour?' 'Sure ask away' I told her. 'If you don't mind then please fuck me in the ass hole. Haan meri gaand maro (yes fuck me in the ass hole). I love a cock in my butt. 'I would love to but we will have to wait for sometime' I said pointing to my limp cock. 'We don't have so much time. Sarita will be back soon. I will help you' she said and took my cock in he mouth and brought it to attention in minutes. Pleased with her work she got on all fours and said, 'As it has been a long time please for the first time wet your cock in my choot before entering'. 

I did as directed and pushed my cock in her butt hole. 'Oh it hurts but go on don't stop' she said. While I was fucking she kept saying, 'It is lovely Ramu, yes that is the way, yes harder, now faster and harder, I haven't enjoyed myself like this in years etc.' till I came in her butt hole. She looked at the clock and said, 'Ramu dear now you must go. I must also get dressed. Sarita will soon be back and she knows you were coming'. 

'When will you come again' she asked. 'When ever you want' I told her. 'Weekdays in the morning you work in the afternoon Sarita is here. On Saturday also Sarita is here nearly the whole day. Yes Sunday mornings are the best. Sarita goes to her computer class at 9 a.m. and is back only by noon. During this period I am alone. You will come next Sunday?' 

'Sure don't worry I will be here' I said and left. 

Just outside the house I met Sarita returning from her class. She stopped and wished me and asked, 'How did the meeting with mommy go? I hope you did not run me down too much'. I laughed and told her not to worry and that everything was okay. As it was too late to do any other work I headed for home. 

On the way I thought back on the pleasant morning I had spent. I could not help wondering that though Sarita had inherited her looks and figure from her mother whether she had also inherited her hot and sexy nature? When will I get a chance to fuck her virgin cunt? I did not know then that it wouldn't be long before I got the answers to my questions.

In the following week one afternoon I reached Pooja's house earlier than usual. I found Pooja out side tending to her potted plants. She said, 'Ramu go in, the door is open. Sarita is in her room doing some work on her computer. I won't be long and join you soon'. I went in and after knocking entered. Sarita was sitting in front of her computer. She turned and said, 'Oh, it is you sir? So early?' and quickly switched off the computer and ran into the bathroom saying, 'Please sit down I will be back in a few minutes'.

She looked a little hassled and confused I thought. Then I recalled the fading image of a naked man and a woman in the act of fucking on the computer screen. The reason for her confusion was now obvious to me. I see our young lady is fond of pornography. I was now confident that it will not be long before I have her in bed and my cock in her kori choot (virgin cunt)'. This thought alone gave me a terrific hard on. 

After ten minutes or so Sarita came back. She was slightly out of breath and her face was flushed. She has been fingering her self I thought. 'Don't worry my boy soon she will not need her finger but you will satisfy the needs of her body' with these words I pacified my erect cock for the time being. We then completed the tuition. 

After that day I was more alert to any opportunity to fuck her that may come my way. 

The day I got lucky, I met Pooja at the door as she was leaving the house. She said, 'I have to go out for a couple of hours and will be back as soon as possible. Sarita is waiting for you in her room busy on her computer'. My chance had come. I was certain that Sarita was surfing pornographic sites. I therefore tip toed to the door and noiselessly opened the door. I was right. 

She was watching a couple fuck and her left hand was caressing and pressing her boobs while the right hand was moving between her legs. Her breasts were heaving up and down at a quick pace. Without making any sound I stood behind her watching. When I thought she was about to cum I placed my palm on her boob and pressing it tenderly said, 'Your finger is a poor substitute for the real thing. Come let me show you how a real lund feels'. 

Sarita was too far-gone to be able to say anything or resist. I helped her on to the bed and laid her down. She lay with her eyes closed and her breasts heaving waiting for the promised pleasure. I did not think it prudent to undress her and quickly took off my pants and drawers freeing my steed, which was in full force. I lifted her skirt. She was wearing a very flimsy yet a sexy underwear, which was wet to the core. Spreading her legs I got between them and pushing her panties aside placed my cock on the gate on her love tunnel and pushed in slowly. 

She was so wet that I easily entered her till her hymen stopped me. Then holding her firmly in my arms I gave a hard shove. My lund tore through the flimsy membrane and was buried to the hilt in her. 'AAYYYIIIEEE oh my god sir you are killing me. It is hurting me' she screamed. I kissed her and told her that it will soon be all right and started the in and out motion. She lay there groaning. 

After a few minutes her groans of pain became moans of pleasure and said, 'Oh sir it feels soooo good'. I kept fucking her first slowly then faster and harder. This made her moan louder and louder. Suddenly she opened her eyes and held me tight stopping my motion and said in a scared voice, 'Sir, please don't make me pregnant. I will die'. 'Don't fret I am safe and cannot make you pregnant'. She relaxed visibly and closed her eyes again. I continued with my in and out movement. 'Please, don't stop. I am about to come' she shouted and came with a loud sigh. 

I kept fucking her till she came three more times. My strokes were now much faster, harder and shorter. I was also not far from coming. Sarita was also heaving her bottoms in rhythm of my strokes. 'Oh I am going to come again. Just go on like this. I am nearly there. Y.. hes I am COMMIIINNGGG' she screamed loudly. At this very moment I shot my-cum in her hitherto virgin choot. 

That afternoon I licked and sucked her cunt and fucked her two more times. She said that fucking was even better than what she had heard or imagined. I said, 'Sarita it will get better and better but I think for the first day so much is enough. 'Oh sir this was wonderful. Can't you do it just once more? Please' she begged. "I would also like to fuck you again. We will do it again some other day. Now get up your mother will be here soon. It is also getting late and I must also go' I told her. 

Reluctantly she got up and in a worried voice asked, 'What will happen if mommy finds out?' 'Does your mother check your choot?' 'No! Definitely not' she replied indignantly. 'Then how will she find out? You won't tell her, I will also not tell her and your choot can't speak'. After advising her to smoothen out the bed, to act normal and not to do anything abnormal or unusual I kissed her and left.

Next time when I visited her I inquired if everything was all right. She laughed and said, 'Mommy came right after you left. She noticed nothing though I had forgotten to make the bed'. 'Don't underestimate your mother she is no fool. I only hope that she did not notice it' I said. 'Well if she had noticed she would have definitely said something. Actually I would be dead by now. Come sir let us fuck you remember, you promised?' she replied. 'I made no such promise. Be sensible Sarita. Let us give it a break for a few days and if anything is to happen it would happen. You don't want your mother to catch us red-handed do you?' 

The next few days we were at our best behavior and did nothing except an occasional kiss or squeezing of her tits. One thing I noticed that Pooja who normally hung around during the tuition hour, did not show her face since the day Sarita had lost her cherry. Thereafter every afternoon we either had a quick fuck or Sarita sucked me off (she relished drinking my juice, as she called my-cum). 
