 Our course was roughly 135 degrees with a long haul out of sight of land from the water's surface. If someone went up the mast then maybe they would see the mainland for much longer. But sending someone up the mast on a Bosons' chair was not easy out at sea and certainly not pleasant.

The boat had lots of wizardry on board, GPS twice, Electronic charts and Autopilot. It had a super 4 cylinder diesel engine and a smaller but adequate diesel generator, enough to make cooking and lighting easy and comfortable. It ran a large chest freezer and a fridge and also a small but very useful fresh water maker. This turned sea water into fresh water, enough to use for drinking but not for any other purpose.

The first day at sea went well enough with Guy making a shrimp and crab salad for lunch. He told me he was doing the perishables first while they were nice and fresh and then the more boring stuff later. I suggested that we tidy the whole boat, it wasn't filthy but it wasn't in tip-top condition and I wanted to sail into Hamilton Harbour gleaming and pristine.

About 2 in the afternoon the satellite phone rang and I went into the chart position to take the call.

"Hi Sir Frank, yes ....., yes....., yes all's fine here maybe another 2.5 days for Bermuda." 

He was checking that we had actually started and wanted some idea of our progress. He made it clear to me that he really wasn't checking up on me, it was just that he liked to keep up to speed with what was happening.

"Ok, yes .... no problem. Thank you for asking, ..... I will, bye bye."

I put the phone carefully back on its charging station, which had a spring clip to hold it firm while the boat rolled and twisted.

"Ok listen up, Sir Frank sends his best wishes to us all and his message is 'be careful' as he always says."

The message was met with smiles and Sheila seemed to get a new lease of life scrubbing away at the fore deck. She was trying to get something off the deck and I went forward to take a look. 

"That's a natural stain in the Teak plank, " I said as she started to scrub even harder "leave it and treat it with that rubbing oil when it dries out."

"Ok" she replied and gave me a cheery smile.

The others were all busy with Dave at the helm and Lisa polishing the stanchions. I went down to the chart table and got out the ships logbook. I filled out the morning entry with all the usual stuff, course, sea state, wind and anything noted as I saw it. I didn't like the "chatty" style of Logbook, I liked the simple straight workmanlike style. I was fiddling with the seat height twisting and spinning it until suddenly the seat dropped about a foot and I fell backwards onto the companionway.

I picked myself up, feeling foolish and stupid all at the same time. The seat was a single pedestal type and the rise and fall lever was stiff and unused. I searched in the chart table cupboard for some light machine oil but couldn't find any.

"Interesting position," said Guy cheekily " Can I give you a hand?"

"Erm, no thanks. Have you seen a small squeezy can of oil?"

"I have one in my toilet bag." he answered.

"Guy, I am talking machine oil, not baby oil!"

"Sorry," he responded "there's one in the tool rack near the engine though, shall I get it for you?"

"Yes please."

He came back and handed me the oil and I lubricated the handle and I looked whether or not I should also do the seat stem while I was here, 'Oh why not!' I said to myself and squirted some on the stem.

I moved the lever and the seat pulled up higher. I swung the seat round and sat on it with my feet on the step ring, it almost immediately sunk to the very bottom of its travel. I pulled the lever again and stood up and the seat rose to its full height. Sitting down again the seat sunk to the lowest position. 

"Damn, damn, damn," I said " I shouldn't have oiled the stem."

"Nope you shouldnt," said Guy " just the lever."

"Ok ok. " I said, waving my hand at him to go away.

It was a silly mistake and now I would have to take the stem apart to take all the oil off, clean it and re-assemble it. I got a selection of tools from the engine space and started to take the thing apart.

An hour and a half later with the whole thing in 50 parts I started to clean the rubber O rings and the stem with detergent and I soaked the O rings in the detergent solution. I reassembled it and set the lever and the seat rose higher and I sat on it to test it out. It immediately started to slowly sink back down again.

"Damn and more damn." I said 

"Do you want an ice cold drink?" Guy said.

"Yes please, orange or something like that please."

Guy returned shortly with a heavy glass full of ice and orange, delicious.

I decided that perhaps I should ring ahead to Hamilton and ask a marine engineer what the best way of fixing it should be. 20 Minutes on the phone gave me an answer I hadn't expected. Oiling the stem had ruined the O rings and the engineer had taken the make, model and serial number of the seat and would have a new set of parts waiting for me when we arrived. 

This would teach me a lesson to be more careful. 

Guy was in his ultra small shorts, more like swimming shorts, no T shirt and for the first time I could see the muscles rippling on his back as he moved about the cabin. The whole boat interior shone and sparkled as though it were just out of the factory. I packed the tools away into the cantilever box and lugged it into the engine space. I put the rags and other bits and pieces into the bottom of the chart cupboard and felt totally deflated by what had been a thoroughly wasted 2.5 hours. I sat on the seat and as it slowly descended downwards I chuckled to myself.

"I know what you are laughing at," said Guy" your wasted efforts eh?"

"Too true." I answered.

Guy stepped towards me and put his arm round my shoulders. The heat of his body surprised me as he pulled me close into him, our bare body's slipping together with the sweat. I felt good and I didn't pull away. His right hand was stroking my right thigh and it moved higher up my leg and onto my shorts to get a feel of my semi hard cock. He squeezed it and gently massaged it through the thin cotton cloth. I was aware that we were being watched by Lisa who was on the stern rail polishing away. Guy had a good grip of my now ever increasing cock and flicked it upright through the material. His hand released it and slipped, as if by magic, under my waistband and down through the thin line of pubic hair and took a firm hold on it again.

He tugged and stretched the tight skin up and down and slipped my foreskin up and down over the ever hardening mushroom head.

He released his hand round my shoulder and pulling my arm said " let's go down here" pulling me towards the main cabin. He lay me back on the bed and pulled my shorts all the way off my legs and revealed my naked cock and pubic hair. As he came onto the bed I could see that he had already removed his shorts and had a really hard cock jutting straight out in front of him.

He saw me looking at his cock and took it in his right hand and moved it up and down in an exaggerated masturbation pose to highlight to me that he had a terrific boner. He gave his cock 5 or 6 long slow stretches and moved the foreskin over the head and then way back until the glans pulled his cock head back in a bending motion. It looked absolutely fantastic and turned me on even more. My own cock was solid and although as I lay with my back on the bed it didn't stand out, it was free of my body and ready for action.

He took my cock in his hand and slowly started to masturbate me, squeezing and tugging at it as he went up and down the full length. He sat astride my legs and I could look at his stiff cock , sometimes pointing upwards other times resting on my upper thigh and he played my cock to perfection.

He asked me what I liked as I came and I told him that I liked nice long strokes just before I came and just after, slowing to nothing with the foreskin pulled back tight as I shot my last drops. He picked up the pace and soon I was almost there his hand was a blur as he thrashed my engorged cock, soon I was unloading creamy white come all over his fist and arm and over my pubic hair and belly.

He released my cock and as he did I took hold of his rock hard cock and started to do the same on him. I asked him what he liked and he said he wanted it fast and hard all the time including when he came and just afterwards, then let go and let his cock relax. He was soon coming and splashed a whole load over my belly and chest with one jet hitting the underside of my throat. There was masses of the stuff and it was very very creamy and very sticky. He rolled off my legs and lay alongside me on his back.

Neither of us spoke, the cabin lit by a bright and piercing shaft of light from the roof hatch.

I fell asleep and was only woken by a violent heave and lurch of the boat. Sitting bolt upright on the bed I looked down at my chest and cock to see the sticky goo partially dried and yet still sticky on my body. I jumped up and went into the shower and showered it all off with some sweet smelling gel. I climbed out and towelled myself off and put on my shorts. Where had I put my deck shoes, I didn't know, but I did know I was getting thrown around a lot. I made my way out into the main cabin and up the steps to the aft deck. The breeze had picked up and the sea had some huge waves with a constant swell of 3 or 4 metres. 

"Ouch!" I yelled as I stubbed my toe on the top step. I ducked back down and slipped on my deck shoes which I found under the chart table.

The boat was heeled over at a steep angle, and was dipping well down into the waves.

With following waves it made steering difficult and Dave at the helm was struggling, turning the wheel first one way then the other.

"Look Dave, don't try to counter every wave, let it go, like this ...." and I took the wheel and stopped the thrashing about.

"Ah, I see." he said

I handed the wheel back to him and he steered less violently than before.

"Just watch the compass, keep roughly to the heading, not exactly." I said.

Dave nodded and kept a firm grip on the wheel.

Sheila and Lisa had given up on the cleaning and looked to the sailing. We still had the foresail up but slightly reefed and the mainsail was only 75%, I was thinking about some more reefing of the mainsail and my mind was made up as we pitched into a huge wave and the spray lashed across the deck.

I gave the instruction to reef the mainsail to 30% and keep the foresail as it is. Sheila and Lisa buckled to on the winches and soon we had the mainsail reefed and the ropes tied off fast. The boat handled much better as a result and we soon skipped over the water at speed.

Sheila was soaked as she was late getting her wet gear on and as a result the spray had soaked her through. 

"Go below and get some dry clothes on under your wet weather gear," I instructed.

She slipped down below and at the same time I noticed trailing lines mid decks and made my way over to coil the lines and fasten them down. It was then that I noticed the blond hair and pert tits of Sheila visible through the fanlight above her cabin. I spent much much longer than needed coiling the lines and fastening them up. 

'Wow I said to myself as I looked at her tits jutting out with firm hard nipples upturned and with dark brown areolas, wouldn't mind a lick of those beauty's'

I dropped a heavy coil of line on the deck head and startled Sheila, as well as diverting my attention back to what I should have been doing. I looked again downwards to the cabin and Sheila was looking up at me and cupping both her tits in both hands to give me a proper look at them both. I gave her the thumbs up and she laughed and then waved.

I made my way back to the stern and wedged myself into the stern pilot seat. Sheila appeared and came to sit next to me her body covered by the wet weather gear and so tits not now visible.

"What's Guy doing down there?" I asked her.

"I think he must have been in his cabin, I didn't see him," she replied.

That was Ok, he was pulling his weight, the below decks looked fantastic.

I stepped below to get a glass of water from the galley and looked round to see if Guy was about, he wasn't. I shuffled along past the dining table and Guy's door was ajar, I peeked inside and could see he was laid on his bed with headphones on, tapping his feet. I quickly exited the space and made my way back towards the stern, checking as I passed, our position on the GPS chart. We were doing Ok but not fantastic and I considered revising our progress.

Time slipped by and now Sheila was at the wheel, I had decided that we switch to auto pilot and the wheel was spinning to the electric motor, Sheila was there to keep a lookout and check our progress. A large tanker, heavily laden, was now visible on our starboard side and I asked if everyone on deck had seen it, they all had.

Our paths would cross in about 3/4 of a mile and so we slightly altered course to take us behind the tanker and avoid it. We were less than 300 yards from it as we passed , no one visible on the bridge, no people anywhere, a huge ship making about 16 knots with a white creamy trail behind it. They would know they had passed us because, just like ourselves, the automatic radar plotter signalled an alarm for conflicts of any kind. We had ours turned alarm on, they probably didn't.

Lisa went below and I stood up and made my way forward. I stood with my back against the mainmast, braced as the boat pitched and heaved against the sea. I felt really good the wind in my hair, the sea spray and the feeling of openness.

I noticed that Dave was below as well, just me and Sheila on deck. I hadn't quite worked out what Dave and Sheila were, either as individuals or as a team yet, but time would tell. 

Without any warning Sheila turned towards me and pulled her wet weather gear apart and lifted up her T shirt, showing me at close hand the firmt pert pair of tits I had viewed from the deck hatch.

"You like those then?" she said.

I shuffled over to her double helm seat and tweaked them in between my thumb and forefinger. 

"Why not just suck the hell out of them?" she said.

I held up the T shirt with one hand and pushed her left breast higher and clamped my lips onto her nipple. I sucked it into my mouth and as much of her tit as I could. My right hand slipped down to her thigh, covered by at least 2 layers of clothing and moved quickly up her leg until it was hard against her pussy and I rubbed through the clothes as she twisted and squirmed in the seat.

"Later, later," she said " save it for later."

I continued sucking and only when a huge wave buffeted the boat did I surface for air. The nipple and breast standing out very red and swollen as a result of my attentions. She pulled down the T shirt and outer waterproofs and grinned from ear to ear.