 All was well for several months. One Saturday morning when I reached Pooja's house I found that she was alone. I asked her, 'Pooja how come you are alone? Where is Sarita?'. She told me she had gone to meet her best friend Najma and would be back soon. She further added that she was aware that you would be coming today so she won't be long. Then she laughed and said, 'She is too fond of your cock to miss out on it. Let us not wait and start. She can join us later. Come, quickly fuck me in the ass before she returns' and got into 'gaand fuck' position. 

While I was fucking Pooja in her ass hole Sarita arrived. 'Oh you guys have already started. How mean' she said pouting her lips. 'We did not know how long you would be gone so instead of wasting Ramu's time I thought it was best to start. Sarita your turn comes next' Pooja replied. 'Don't worry mommy I was just joking' said Sarita and after undressing got into bed. 

She sat watching us and kept fingering her cunt. As she did not find anything unusual about what we were doing I assumed that she must be under the impression that I had had entered her mother's choot from the rear. After five minutes of the fuck movement Pooja started groaning and moaning with pleasure. 

'It is wonderful. Yes Ramu go on but harder and faster' she begged and added, 'Haan Ramu apna laurda meri gaand main zor zor se pelo (Yes Ramu shove your cock as hard as you can in my ass hole)'. I looked at Sarita. As soon as she heard these words her ears perked up and with a shocked and surprised expression on her face got up from the bed and bent down to see where my cock was. 

Dear readers you know that I love fucking in the ass hole. I had always wanted to fuck Sarita's butt hole also and would have done so but for what Pooja had said. So I slowed down my strokes and pulled my cock out nearly to it's tip before pushing it in again so that she could have a clear view of my cock going in and out of her mother's butt. Fascinated Sarita watched us and heard all what Pooja was saying in her ecstasy. 

After we had finished Sarita wanted to be fucked in the ass hole also but Pooja put her foot down saying 'No, never. I wanted you to be a virgin when you married but you gave your cherry to Ramu. I could not do anything about it. I want you to at least take a virgin ass hole to your husband's bed. This means no ass hole fucking for you young lady, understand?' 

'Aw mommy you are mean. You sounded as if it was great fun' lamented Sarita. 

'Of course it is very enjoyable but as I said no butt fucking for you' replied Pooja. 

'Mommy this is not fair' complained Sarita. 

Pooja was now annoyed and said threateningly, 'Don't tell me what is fair and what is not. Was it fair to me or your future husband that you gifted your cherry to Ramu? You will do as I say or.....' seeing her mother angry and thinking that she might get deprived of fucking all together she said, 'Okay mommy whatever you say'. Pooja smiled and said, 'That's my little girl and kissed her' and turning to me said, 'As for you mister don't you dare take her butt hole cherry without my consent which you will never get'. 'You don't have to worry about me' I replied. 

The matter was closed at least for Pooja and me. However, Sarita had other plans.

For two days nothing unusual happened but on the third day she said, 'Sir please fuck me in the ass hole'. I reminded her of what her mother had said and said no. She kept repeating her request every day and I kept declining. One day when I entered her room I found her lying on the bed on her stomach with her skirt turned up and her pretty ass exposed. I said, 'Sarita get up'. She immediately spread her ass cheeks with her hands and said, 'Look Masterji (a respectful form of addressing a teacher like 'sir' in English) look at my small ass hole isn't it tempting? Don't you want to make it larger with your cock?' 

She was a tempting sight. I did want to fuck her ass but did not want to displease her mother and lose her's as well as Sarita's cunt. I said, 'Stop playing games and get up we have some important lessons to cover today'. She got up and made a face and with a pout said, 'Masterji you are a very cruel man'. She was not giving up so easily. 

One after noon when I reached her place I found another girl of her age with her. Sarita said, 'Sir this is my best friend Najma. We are in the same class. She has been sick and missed a lot of classes. She is experiencing some difficulties so I invited her to have them clarified by you. I hope you don't mind'. 'No not at all. I would be glad to help her' I replied. 

I then looked at Najma more carefully. God! Najma was beautiful. She looked like a European. She was very fair, with green eyes and long golden brown hair. She was slim with a perfect figure. Her boobs, they were just the right size for her body and perfectly shaped. I had seldom seen such well-shaped tits. I could see her nipples through the thin material of her kameez. I guess she knew that her boobs were extraordinary. The cut of her clothes was such that it displayed them to their best advantage. 

While I clarified her difficulties I had a perpetual hard on and found it difficult to keep my eyes away from her shapely breasts. Before leaving Najma thanked me and asked, 'Sir can I come again if I want some more clarifications. I did miss a lot in school'. 'Come any time you are always welcome' I told her. I watched her while she walked away. Her ass was tight and moved in a sensuous manner which did my hard on no good. 

'How did you like my friend Najma?' Sarita asked. 'I liked her very much. She is very beautiful' I replied. 'That you like her I can see' Sarita laughed pressing my hard dick. After that day Najma came quite regularly approximately at least thrice a week. I did not mind it at all as I got a chance to see her shapely tits and her tight bum. Another advantage was that Sarita did not pester me so much with her usual 'fuck me in the ass routine'. 

One Saturday morning after fucking mother and daughter once each we lay resting. Both the girls lay on either side of me with their heads resting on my chest. 'Ramu may I ask you a personal question but you must be truthful?' Pooja said. 'Sure, go ahead I will answer as best as I can' I replied. 'Why do men like to fuck virgins when an experienced woman can give them more pleasure? Do you also like to deflower virgins and why?' she asked. 

'That was not one question they are three' I laughed. 'Don't try to change the subject. Answer my question, you promised' Pooja said. 'I don't know about other men but I love to deflower virgin cunts. As to why frankly I have never given it much thought but will try to answer your question as best as I can. Maybe it is the challenge of persuading and convincing a virgin to have sex for the first time in her life. Maybe it is the satisfaction of making her experience her first orgasm with a cock inside her and opening for her the venue of the most superior pleasure in this universe. Another thing I love fucking a tight pussy and a virgin cunt is the tightest. The way it grips the cock during the in and out movement making it difficult to push in and equally difficult to pull out. Then there is the excitement of 'going where no man has ever been before' to borrow the opening line of a well known television serial' I said and laughed. 'Another thing if virgins didn't get fucked then where would 'more experienced women' come from' I added. 

Pooja said, 'You are right. I suppose these things do excite a man'. Sarita had not uttered a single word during this exchange but listened to everything I said with rapt attention. The thought of virgins had given me an erection and the girls transferred their attention to it.

Everything was under control and fell into a routine. On weekends I fucked both mother and daughter together. During the week I taught Sarita. Sarita kept singing her old song about 'fucking me in the ass hole' whenever she got a chance and I kept refusing. Najma came thrice a week and I watched her boobs while nursing a hard on. 

During this period Pooja told me that one of her friends is opening a boutique and she would be helping her. This meant that she would be away from home during the day. She also asked me to spend a little more time with Sarita as she did not want her to go to anyone else. 

Surprised I asked her, 'Do you think there is danger of this happening?' 'Maybe not but she is young and her body demands more than just a couple of fucks on weekends. She has yet to learn the meaning of the word restraint' she replied. 'I can't spend too much time here. What do you suggest' I queried. 'Maybe a fuck once in a while during the week will keep her choot happy and satisfied but ensure her studies don't suffer' she suggested and added, 'Please don't tell her that I told you to do it. Fuck her only when you feel it is necessary'.

One afternoon when Najma came, I taught her as usual. I was unable take my eyes away from her beautifully formed tits. Naturally I had a hard on the whole time. When she left I started to teach Sarita. Suddenly she surprised me by asking, 'Masterji tell me something'. By experience I knew that whenever she addressed me as 'masterji' she was up to some mischief but what she said took me completely by surprise. 

She said, 'You said you liked Najma'. I nodded. 'You also told mommy you loved deflowering young virgins'. I nodded again. 'Najma is young and a virgin would you like to fuck her?' After I had recovered my composure I, instead of answering her question directly, asked her whether Najma would agree. 'Of course she will agree if I ask her. She is my best friend. She is a very horny bitch and would never pass up a opportunity like this'. 

'How do you know?' I asked. 'We both surf pornographic sites on the net together and when we get hot we play with our choots to get relief'. 'You mean you do each other...' I started but she interrupted me. 'Don't be offensive masterji. We are horny but we are not lesbians at least not yet. We satisfy ourselves not each other'. Then after a few seconds she added, 'I forgot to tell you there is another plus point. She has no hair on her choot'. 

'Now how would you know that?' I asked. 'Well when we are fingering ourselves we naturally see each other naked'. Suddenly a thought struck me 'What was her reaction when one day she saw your cunt devoid of hair' I asked her. 'Oh that. That was no problem. You see Najma always wanted me to shave my pubic hair. She said they made it difficult to keep the cunt clean and thus were unhygienic. That is why she keeps her choot shaved. So when she asked me as to what happened to them I told her that I felt an irritation in my cunt and on my mothers advise that I removed them. She bought my explanation without any further question. You know Najma is not very clever actually a little dumb I would say. What I did not tell her the irritation was not caused by the hair but was for your lovely cock' and grabbed my hard on and laughed merrily.

Suddenly she said, 'Hey, you have not answered my earlier question. Tell me do you want to pop her cherry. I can arrange that and in exchange for it you will only have to fuck my pretty ass hole'. Now the cat was out of the bag. I should have known that it was too good to be true and there had to be a catch to it. 'No' I said. 'Why? But why tell me?' she asked in a desperate tone. 'The price you are asking is too high. Okay now let us get back to our lesson' I told her. 

'Lessons, studies is that all you think about?' she shouted at me and then started to mutter under her breath. I could distinctly hear what she was saying. I think I was meant to hear it. 'Some men are dumb, real dumb. Here I offer him a virgin choot, the hairless virgin choot of a beautiful 18 year old girl who happens to have the shapeliest pair of tits in the world. He could deflower her, fondle, squeeze and suck those heavenly boobs but he says the price is too high, too high my foot. What is the price I ask? All he has to do is to fuck my virgin ass hole' and started to sob softly. 

I took her in my arms and kissed her tears away and said, 'Don't cry sweetheart this is not the end of the world'. With a resolute look in her eyes she said, 'Don't you ever think that I am going to give up. I will make you fuck me in my ass hole. You will see that I will win in the end' and started to cry again. 'Inshallah (God willing)' I said softly and I kissed her and led her to the bed and fucked her two times without withdrawing before she was her usual cheerful and carefree self again. 

In the next days she did not speak of the events of that afternoon. She also did not renew her request to 'fuck me in the ass hole'. I was happy as well as sad that probably Sarita has come to terms with the fact that I was not going to pop her ass hole cherry. If I could only have read her mind, I would have known how far my assumption was from the truth. 

One day after Najma had left Sarita started to giggle uncontrollably. 'What is so funny? Do you mind sharing the joke with me' I asked her with my voice dripping with sarcasm. Still giggling she said, 'Did you see Najma's face? Frankly I had not paid much attention to her face as I was too busy eyeing her tits and trying to keep my hard on under control and told her so. 

'It was very funny she would look at you and lower her eyes and blush and then sigh. I think she must have come at least three times. I bet when she left her panties must be dripping wet' she said still laughing. Hearing this the vision of Lata floated before my eyes, who had behaved in similar fashion in a similar situation (for details please read 'Loves of Ramu 1') and catching her by the ear I asked, 'What have you been telling her you naughty girl?' 

'OWW it hurts. I will tell you but first let go' she begged. This is what she told me. 'Few days back when we were fingering our cunts after surfing the net I asked her whether she had ever thought of sleeping with a man. She said that she is always dreaming about it but who will fuck her? I suggested why not my masterji? She then asked that would you agree? Of course he would agree he is a man isn't he. I know all men love deflowering virgins and you are a very pretty virgin. Then in a confidential tone she asked me if I had done it with you. I laughed and I told her the truth that you were fucking me since several months. Then she wanted to know how it was? How does it feel? Does it hurt a lot? I told her that it does hurt a little at first but the pleasure afterwards is worth it. The pleasure is hundred or more times greater than our finger gives us. It is very difficult to describe it. It must be experienced. Then she wanted to know whether I was not scared of getting pregnant? Then I told her what you had told me. She was on fire and still is. She has asked me three times in the last two days to ask you to stick your cock into her'. 

'Did you tell her about your mother also?' I asked. 'Of course not. Do you think I am stupid?'. 'I don't know sometimes you do behave very foolishly' I replied. 'Don't be rude. Masterji I tell you her cunt is hot, wet and ready. Don't you want to open her love passage?' 'No. You don't give up do you?' I replied. 'I will never give up. I told you that' she affirmed. 'Yes that you did' I confirmed. 

That Sunday when I visited Pooja I found Sarita absent. Pooja told me that she had gone to spend the night at her mama's (uncle- mother's brother) house and would be back in the evening. She has left a message for you I quote "Masterji save some cum for me I will collect it on Monday afternoon with accrued interest". I laughed and said, 'Why not, it is her due'. After fucking Pooja twice in the cunt and twice in the ass hole I left. However I did miss Sarita's tight choot. 

On Monday afternoon after Sarita had collected her due as well as interest she said, 'Masterji listen and listen carefully. I am tired of asking you, actually begging you to fuck me in the ass hole but you remain adamant. Earlier I had offered one virgin cunt to you and you refused. Today I am offering you two virgin choots in exchange of your fucking my gaand. Frankly this is best I can do'. 

I was about to refuse when she interrupted me and said, 'I am not yet finished. This is my last and best offer and if you refuse then I will be compelled to get someone else to do it. There is this boy in my class. His name is Ashish, I don't like him but he will have to do. He looks at me with lust dripping from his eyes and gets a hard on each time he speaks to me. I only have to give him a hint and he will be happy do the job and be grateful also. If he fucks me in the ass then I will not be able to refuse him my choot. Should mommy become a grandmother then it will be you and her to blame and not me. This is not a threat but a promise'. 

I looked at her and saw that she was dead serious. This was no idle threat. I was sure that she would do exactly what she had said. Therefore to gain time I told her that I require some time to think matters over. 'Go ahead think as much as you like and if you want to consult mommy be my guest but I want your final reply on next Monday. Remember no extensions'. 

During the week I thought over the matter. Sarita is adamant to get her ass plugged and if I don't do it then this boy Ashish will do it may be with disastrous consequences. All this while my cock was urging me to agree. I decided to go along with my cock but also decided to extract some more pleasure for it or put an end to this daily 'fuck me in the ass routine'. 

On Monday she asked, 'Okay masterji what is your decision?' I told her, 'I will do what you want'. Hearing me she squealed with delight and made for the bed. 'Hold on let me finish first. I will fuck your ass hole but on three conditions. 

Firstly both the girls must agree to let me fuck their ass holes also. Secondly they will also suck my cock and swallow my-cum. Thirdly I will fuck your ass hole within four weeks of collecting full payment and in the mean while you will study hard and not pester me every day. 

'Sir you do drive a hard bargain. Okay I agree to my part but for the other I have to consult the girls. I asked, 'Sarita tell me about the second girl. Who is she?' She said, 'Don't be so impatient. You will meet her when the time comes but this much I can promise her choot is going to be the horniest of all'. Two days later she confirmed that both the girls had agreed to my conditions. 

'Now masterji it is time to celebrate. On Monday you will have Najma's cherry' she laughed

On Monday when Najma came she was blushing like a bride. Apparently Sarita had told her that she is going to lose her virginity that afternoon. She was dressed in a light green ghagra and kameez matching the colour of her eyes and not her usual salwar kameez. She was looking like a real bride. I could see her gorgeous boobs with the nipples straining against her kameez. 

One look at her and my cock became hard as rock. I opened my arms to welcome her and she very smoothly moved into them. I kissed her on her cheeks and to confirm matters asked softly, 'Tujhe maloom hai na ki tu aaj yahan kyon aayi hai? (You do know why you are here today?)'. She blushed prettily and nodded and her reply was barely audible, 'Haan, aaj aap mujhe chodoge (Yes, you will fuck me today)' and hid her face in my chest. 

I then raised her face and kissed her tenderly on her lips. She reciprocated hesitatingly. Simultaneously I caressed her beautiful boobs and squeezed them gently. She started to moan softly. The more I pressed her tits more excited she became and started to kiss me more and more passionately. I was dying to see her naked boobs so while kissing her I undid her kameez buttons and tried to pull it off. She made no objection but helped me to remove it. Immediately her boobs fell free. She was not wearing a bra. 
