 Pt. IV: Three Becomes Four

The air was tense in the room. Carol was obviously concerned about how this was effecting me. She had been totally honest with me and I had to be the same. My problem was that I was torn. On the one hand the idea of watching another man fuck Carol was a real turn on to me. The idea of participating in a foursome was a turn on. The idea of joining another man in double fucking Carol and Patty was a turn on. And I obviously didn't want to stop fucking Patty. All of that said to me, say yes, welcome Charley, or anyone else Carol wants to fuck, into the nest.... now or in the future.... just as she had done with Patty.

The other side was I was scared that I would lose Carol. I was so fucking silly in love with her I honestly did not know how I could go on without her at that point. What if she fell in love with Charley, or preferred him to me? Then I blurted all of that out to my love. I couldn't help it but as I told her my fears about losing her, tears welled up in my eyes.

Carol started crying then and pulled me into her arms. We were lying on our bed nude and Carol pulled my face into her chest using her big soft tits as a pillow. We just lay there for a while cuddling and crooning soft noises at each other. Then Carol started,

"Oh my silly lover, will you ever realize just how much I love you. If you went out of my life I would die. If you are unhappy I will be miserable. Nothing will ever come between us. If you want me to forget about Charley, or any other man beside you, then I will do so gladly. If you want me to forget about Patty then I will do that. You are the only person I have to have in my life. What ever it takes to make you happy I am ready for. I know in my heart that you would do the same for me."

Carol pause briefly as I sat up and looked into her eyes. Then she continued,

"You know better than anyone, I love sex, fucking and sucking and doing it all, male and/or female. Darling, Patty is not my first girl fuck and, if you are OK with it, she won't be my last. You are not the first man I have fucked, and if you are OK with my doing it, you won't be my last. We have never talked about our past experiences but if you ever want to hear any or all of mine, you but have to ask. I would love to tell you. It makes me hot as hell. As I said, if you agree, you won't be my last male fuck. Nor do I expect to be your last girl fuck.

Charley appeals to me the same way Patty appeals to you. It would be fun. When you are about to cum can you honestly say you know who you are fucking, Patty or me? It would be the same if Charley or any other man were fucking me. It would be exciting. Threesomes are fantastic. And I love two men fucking me at the same time, I have fantasized about three but, as yet, I haven't experienced that. If you knew for certain that I would always be your lady, would you really mind if Charley fucked me? Would you want to watch Charley fuck me? I know I sometimes get off just watching you and Patty fuck." I stared into her eyes and saw only love and a willingness to do anything I asked of her. I also understood a lady that enjoyed all the sex that came her way and I loved that. I knew at that moment what I was going to say. Carol loved me. I had little to worry about in that quarter. She loved me as I loved her. Then I closed my eyes and carefully imagined Carol spread on our bed with Charley crawling between her legs his hard cock in his hand. Carol reaches out and takes him in her hands as she guides him into her beautiful cunt..... then I heard Carol laugh softly and she said,

"Darling I think I know what you are imagining, Charley fucking me, and Mortimer is casting his vote loudly."

I opened my eyes as Carol wrapped her fingers around my rigid throbbing cock. I kissed her long and tender and it slowly turned into a heated dual of tongues. Slowly Carol fell over on her back and pulled my cock into her wet pussy. It was the slowest gentlest fuck we had ever experienced. It was slow and loving and tender and I knew I would never question Carol's love again.

Later as I withdrew my limp cock I smiled at Carol and said,

"Actually, I am sorta eager to watch you fuck Charley. The idea appeals to me... a lot. I want to find out if the reality is as hot as I think it will be. Are you ready?"

She smiled with a familiar twinkle in her eyes as she said,

"I am darling. Lets join Patty and Charley. But if you decide it isn't right, tell me and it will be over."

I smiled and said,

"I think I am going to enjoy this, and Carol, about your past adventures, would you write them down, you know, like a story. I would love to read all about your past sex life darling. It has to be damned interesting... and hot."

She smiled with lust in her eyes and said,

"I would love to. I enjoy writing about that. I have a lot of it written already, it is yours when ever you wish. It is in my bottom drawer under my panties. It is titled simple 'Carol's Story". Help yourself, I will try to add the rest soon, since we met. Now come on, the only person in this house that you and I haven't fucked is Charley. Lets go fix that oversight."

I laughed and said,

"I will just watch you fuck Charley, I don't think I am ready for that yet."

"Dave honey, you don't know what you are missing."

As we walked into the bedroom through the open door, Patty and Charley were talking, cuddled in a heap looking well fucked. We were all four nude and I looked at Charley's cock and smiled as I thought adolescently,

"Heh heh, his cock is smaller than mine. (but barely)"

Carol announced our presence as she sat on the bed just behind Charley her hip against his equally bare ass. I slid up behind Patty like a spoon and my limp cock fit nicely in the grove of her ass, my arm around her waist my hand resting on her soft round tummy. Carol rested one hand on Charley's muscular shoulder and the other on his leg maybe two inches from his limp cock. I noticed it begin to stir as Carol lightly stroked his thigh. Then Carol said,

"Hi loves, enjoying yourselves I see. We may never get all the cum and pussy stains out of these sheets. But.....to the point.... what Dave and I want to do is invite the two of you to live with us JUST the way Patty and Dave and I have. We are all highly sexual critters, or at least that is what Patty has told me Charley."

I felt my cock growing as I watched Carol reach down and take Charley's rapidly growing cock in her hand and as she caressed it lovingly she continued,

"Charley, Patty and Dave and I fuck each other quite indiscriminately. In twos and threes. If you join us we feel it would only work if we included you in any or all of the games as you might choose to join."

His cock was rigid as Carol slowly stroked it up and down, fucking it slowly with her hand. My cock was rigid and pressing hard into Patty's ass. She reached back and started doing the same to me that Carol was doing to Charley. I pulled her hand away and slid my cock between her legs. The head stuck out beyond the front and Patty stroked it lightly sending tingles all over me. I dropped my fingers to her hard clit and delicately stroked it.

Carol and Charley watched us for a moment and then Carol said,

"Fuck this is so hot, roll onto your back Charley, I want your cock in my pussy."

Charley was an obedient young man and quickly was in position as Carol straddled him and looked over at me and said,

"Dave would you guide Charley's cock into my cunt please."

I had never touched another man's cock, hard or soft. Carol looked into my eyes and I knew this was my way of approving and helping her fuck Charley. I reached over and wrapped my fingers around Charley's cock. It jumped from my touch and I smiled and raised it up until it touched the lips of my darlings cunt. I started the head of his cock in her very wet cunt lips. I almost came as she eased down, Charleys cock disappearing into my lady's hot snatch, inch by inch, pushing my hand out of the way. I let my fingers trail up to her swollen clit and I brushed it lightly.

She shuddered and looked over at me and sighed,

"Hmmm Dave it feels so good in me. Charley's cock feels so good in my pussy. I want to fuck it so bad.... tell me to fuck Charley's cock Dave. Tell Charley to cum in my hot pussy."

Carol's words had us all so fucking hot we were about to vaporize and Patty was just directing my cock into her wet cunt as I said,

"Yes Carol, I love watching you sit on Charley's big cock. Fuck my love hard Charley, cum in her sweet pussy. Make her cum please. Make her pussy happy."

Carol looked at me with love in her eyes. That was replaced with a look of pure lust as she started to raise and lower on Charley's cock. I was stroking into Patty. Patty came shortly and then she said,

"Dave, do my ass please."

I was happy to.

As I entered Patty's tight ass hole Carol and Charley rolled over with Charley on top. Carol wrapped her legs around Charleys ass and moaned,

"Yes baby, oh yes Charley.... feels so good.... oh fuck me..." I came in Patty's ass as Carol talked fucking to Charley. And I watched as Carol flushed bright red and started to cum. Charley didn't slow down but continued until Carol came a second time and he followed her quickly with his own.

After regaining a bit of strength, Charley rolled off of Carol and Carol giggled and sat up dropping her head to Charley's cock. He was hard again quickly as Carol expertly sucked it. It didn't take long until Charley came in Carol's mouth as Patty and I watched fascinated. As Charley came, Carol took the first blast and swallowed it. She pulled her head off of Charley and pulled Patty's mouth to it. Patty took the second blast and gave his cock back to Carol. Carol slowly sucked the rest and swallowed it. When she sat up again she had his cum all over her lips. She smiled at me and leaned over and kissed me. As her tongue slipped into my mouth I realized I was tasting Charley's cum on my sweetheart's tongue. I sucked on it the way Carol likes and then I felt her transfer a wad of Charley's cum into my mouth. I stopped in shock and then relaxed and swallowed. Patty and Carol swallowed lots of cum and they weren't dead.

When she broke the kiss she smiled at me and repeated something she had said earlier,

"You don't know what you are missing cowboy."

The night was one of my most memorable. I enjoyed watching Charley fuck and eat Carol a number of times and he and my Carol watched Patty and I. At one point Carol asked Charley and I to double fuck her. I lay on my back and Carol took my cock in her cunt. Charley stood behind her and eased into her ass hole. Carol became incoherent babbling and groaning with pure pleasure as we syncopated our thrusts. When we were able Patty demanded equal time from Charley and I. Sometime as the sun came up Carol and I returned to our bed after showering. Classes would have to do without us this day. As we settled in bed Carol cuddled in my arms and she kissed me sweetly and asked,

"Did you like it?"

"Yeah, a lot"

"You like watching me get fucked by another guy?"

"Hmmm yes I do."

"Did you like double fucking me and Patty with Charley?"

"Oh yeah, that was good."

"Did I shock you when I gave you some of Charley's cum when I kissed you?"

"Yeah you little bitch... but it didn't kill me"

"I love sucking cock Dave, I can't see why you men are so afraid of that. It really is fun. You really ought to try it. I would love to teach you how."

"I will stick to girls thanks"

"OK for now. Maybe I want you to be bisexual like me."

"Maybe, but for now you can have the men"

"Do you don't mind if I fuck Charley anytime I want to, or he wants to?"

"No I don't mind, if I am here I will enjoy watching or I will fuck Patty. Or I will join the two of you. If I'm not here I expect you to give me all the details."

"Hmmm I would love that Dave...... Dave you know it is OK with me if you fuck anyone you want to don't you?"

"Yeah, I sort of got that idea sweetheart, and same with you. But I think it is critical to share all the details with each other after it happens. No hiding... no secrets."

"I agree Dave, I love great fuck stories."

"Carol..... would you really like to have three guys fuck you at the same time?"

"Hmmm, I think so sweetheart, I can almost imagine a cock in each of my love openings...hmm my mouth...my ass... my hot cunt.. nice. Do you like the idea?"

"Yeah.... maybe we could find another good friend sometime...."

"Dave darling, if you are serious, I have a friend, a psychology professor I had a mad fling with my sophomore year. He has been after me for a repeat ever since. You would like Paul...... and his sexy wife."

To Be Continued...