 As the elevator dinged, signaling our arrival at his floor, I glanced over at my best friend Stacy, our eyes meeting with equal parts apprehension and desire. I sighed audibly, and Stace rolled her eyes heavenward as we both began reading room numbers. 505, 506, ah, there we were at 507. I could hardly believe we were about to enter this room, and believed even less what we were about to do. It had been years since Stacy and I had last "experimented", and we'd never incorporated anyone else into our playtime. But there we were, about to invite a man, a much older man to join us. 

When Stacy and I were younger, we'd often spent evenings alone at her fathers house, our self-professed "girls nights", exploring each others body's, bringing the other to quick, intense orgasms, and experimenting with different ways to touch ourselves. I hadn't even thought about Stacy for years until last month, when Jeff, my Internet/phone lover mentioned a three-some. I'd even been squeamish when the idea was proposed, but then I remembered Stacy. Beautiful, sweet, oh-so soft Stacy. The Stacy of my early teenage years, who after only two or three nights of practice was able to bring me to an earth shattering orgasm, complete with ear splitting screams and all. The Stacy who would lay so still next to me as I ran my hand over her flat, child soft stomach, and then writhe almost as though she was in pain when my nail flicked across her hard little clit. The Stacy who dared me to slide my finger inside of her and then lick it clean and kiss her so that she could taste herself in my mouth. That Stacy. How had I forgotten Stacy? 

I looked down over my outfit, taking silent appraisal over what I was wearing and hoping that it would have the effect I desired. Stacy and I were dressed similarly, I in low slung black pants with a small, baby pink sweater that rode up enough to reveal the soft flesh below my belly button, and a hint of the tattoo on the small of my back, and Stacy in her low riding jeans with the frayed waist, and a white button down shirt, buttoned only at the three buttons in the middle, revealing all of her pale stomach, and most of her large breasts. Anyone paying close enough attention, as I'm sure every man who walked by was, would notice that Stacy wasn't wearing a bra, and I was lacking in the panty department. I straightened my sweater, pulling it down slightly, making it pull across my chest and expose more of my tanned cleavage. Stacy grinned at me, reaching down to smooth a strand of hair behind my ear before kissing me lightly on the cheek. I looked back up at her, smiled coyly and wrapped my arms around her waist, pulling her against me. 

"I guess we better get back into the swing of things, eh?" I whispered against her neck, nibbling lightly on her earlobe and sliding my hands down her back to cup her ass and drag her closer while my mouth continued until I met her lips with mine, our soft lips dancing, my tongue flicking out to run across her lower lip, and then grinning at her stifled moan. Pulling back, I smiled again, this time allowing my apprehension to show, and raised my hand to knock at the door. Stepping back, we both waited, unintentionally holding our breath. I felt Stacy's hand grip mine, and we both watched as the door seemed to open in slow motion. Jeff stood before us, looking even hotter than I could have imagined. The three of us stared, almost dumbstruck, for a full minute before Jeff moved away from the door and asked us to come in.

Stacy and I entered slowly, nervously, our eyes taking in our surroundings. We began to make idle chit chat discussing the drive over, the weather; everything except for what we all knew was about to happen. As the time slipped by, and the drinks kept coming, I felt myself begin to loosen up, and stretching against the couch, placed my head on Stacy's shoulder, and my feet in Jeff's lap. The conversation continued, and I felt Stacy's breath against my neck, sending a shiver down my back. Turning slightly, I raised my head to her and grinned, and in return, she grinned back, letting me know that she knew exactly what she was doing. Slowly I felt her hand begin to creep around my waist, until it rested right above my belly button, moving in small circles until she touched my bare abdomen. I tensed slightly, and let out a deep breath, knowing that once this started, there would be no turning back. 

Leaning back to give Stacy better access, I began to rub my bare foot in light circles over Jeff's groin area, and was rewarded with the feeling of his thickening cock. Sitting up, I pulled Jeff closer so that I could replace my foot with my hand, and continued my massage through his pants, trailing my fingers lightly around the outline of his dick, and on the sensitive inside of his thighs. Stacy had moved forward with me, and was kissing the back of my neck as she slid one hand under my shirt, and the other played with the waistband of my pants, darting her fingers in, and curling in my soft pussy hair, and then sliding out, to play with my bared stomach. Her other hand cupped my breast through my bra, pinching my nipple and then running her palm over it. Soon my breathing quickened, and she took my hand off of Jeff's cock long enough to pull my sweater over my head and unhook my bra. Needing to feel Jeff's skin, I quickly undid his pants, tugging them down to the floor to soon be met by his underwear.

I resumed my stroking of his cock, marveling at how large he looked in my tiny hand. I slid my other hand over and cupped his balls, running my fingers over the underside, and then rubbing them gently. Glancing back over my shoulder at Stacy, I grinned again, before lowering my head to Jeff's lap. I trailed tiny kisses over his stomach as I felt Stacy urge me to my knees, and then pull my pants down over my hips to bare my ass before they joined Jeff's on the floor. I looked back again to find my friend naked as well, her large breasts swaying as I saw her slide onto her back and encourage me to keep going. I continued my attack on Jeff's stomach, before moving to his thighs, kissing softly around the edge where his thighs join his pelvic area, trailing my tongue down, and over, before taking his cock in my hand again, holding the head in my tiny hand as I placed small, wet kisses around the base of his cock, moving upwards, replacing my mouth with my hand at the bottom of his shaft. 

I enveloped the head of his cock in my mouth, flicking my tongue over his slit and collecting his pre-cum on my tongue. He tasted wonderful. I'd craved the taste and the feel of his cock in my mouth for so long now, that I hardly believed it was happening. Rubbing my tongue against the underside of his cock, I gasped as I felt Stacy's tongue dart out to part my wet pussy lips, before flicking across my hard little clit. I moaned into Jeff's cock as Stacy continued her sweet assault on my pussy. My hips ground downward against her face as Jeff's hips began to grind upward into mine. 

Stacy inserted a finger into my tiny pussy, and began to slowly finger fuck me. I sucked harder on Jeff's shaft, moving my head in time to Stacy's finger in my dripping cunt. Not wanting Stacy to feel left out, I moved my hips from her face, and let Jeff's cock slide slowly out of my mouth. Leaning in to kiss Jeff, wanting him to taste his dick in my mouth, I gently pushed against his chest, until he was lying down. I resumed my position, only this time straddling his lap as Stacy moved to straddle his chest. I fought back a twinge of jealousy as I watched him cup my best friend's ass and pull her towards his mouth. Rising up, I began to slowly slide myself on to his thick cock, moving slowly, listening to Stacy's cries as Jeff made love to her pussy. 

Spurred on my Stacy's moans, I rode Jeff's cock faster, and harder, passing my hand over my own flat stomach to land on my clit, rubbing tightly in tiny, fast circles. I felt Jeff's hips rising beneath me, and knew that he was close, and judging by the sounds Stacy was making, so was she. Sliding all the way up until just the head of his cock was inside of me, I impaled myself on his cock, nearly sobbing it felt so intense. Suddenly I heard Stacy cry out that she was coming, and listening to my best friend I felt my cunt begin to contract as my own orgasm hit, and my muscles began milking Jeff's cock, begging him to come inside of me. I felt his cock throb as he began to shoot, coating my pussy with his thick white come.

Slowly I felt my orgasm begin to subside, and I rolled off of Jeff, so that my head was resting against his chest, and Stacy slid over to lay beside me, her head resting on my heaving chest. Awe struck and breathing heavily, I slid my hand over my belly and let my fingers tangle in my soft pubic hair before parting my lips and sliding two fingers in, scooping out some of Jeff's come, and then sliding my fingers into my mouth, savoring the taste of our juices mingling together. Watching in amazement, Stacy slid her hand between my thighs and coated her own fingers, bringing them to her lips and smearing his come over them, before pulling my head down for a kiss. Next to me, I heard Jeff sigh, knowing that he was in for a long, long night.

all comments appreciated. Please let me know what you think so that I can improve upon it