 "In bed," Linda had just told me.

My wife and her best friend, Michele, had been spending time together beneath these same covers, and it was here that they had hatched their delicious plan to drive their husbands just this side of insane.

My heart skipped more than a single beat at these two simple words, my imagination shifting into overdrive to produce the visuals. I knew that she and Michele were close, as I was close with Alan; as neighbors, they were wonderful friends, but never in my wildest dreams had I considered this. Now, having spent an intimate night with them, the possibilities were limitless.

"When?" I finally managed. "How... what...?"

I was stammering like a fool, and Linda dissolved into laughter, aware now that their plan had reeled in two men like hungry bass in the spring.

She cuddled into me, pressing my palm against her rapidly beating heart, and she unrolled the story in full, glorious detail.

She and Michele had been going to the gym since Alan and I had taken up Saturday-morning golf. And together they had been doing considerably more than aerobics, as I was about to learn.

"It began very innocently," Linda began, her audience of one totally attentive. "Michele and I got back from the gym about six weeks ago. You know that new fitness instructor I've told you about? Well, she just about killed us.

"We were exhausted when we got home, and I had Michele in for coffee. I started rubbing her neck and her shoulders, you know, a gentle massage. I felt an electricity inside me, Brian. And I think she felt it, too."

She lifted my hand from her breast and kissed my palm, then placed it back on her soft flesh, rising and falling with her breath.

"That's all I thought about for a week, baby. About how she felt at my fingertips. I thought for sure you'd see it in me."

I shook my head. Too dense, as usual.

"The same thing happened the next week, only this time Michele repaid the favor. I lay on the bed, topless, face down, and she worked on my back for what seemed like forever. Her scent was intoxicating. Soft, womanly... her body, and mine, stirred by exercise and, well, arousal."

Just the word shot through me like a lightning bolt.

"I felt her hands at my sides, Brian. Her pinkies barely brushing the sides of my breasts. I knew it, and she knew it. I thought I was going to have an orgasm then and there, I swear to you.

"But that was all. As Michele was leaving, we kissed goodbye on both cheeks, as we always do. She looked at me and said, 'Next week?' I didn't think I'd survive a week."

I interrupted Linda by kissing her on the lips, softly, lovingly. Her story was driving me mad with desire for her, and the picture of last night, of my wife and Michele dancing, laughing, kissing and stroking, was coming into clearer focus. I moved my face down between her breasts and licked her delicately, feeling the heat radiating, then put my head gently on her bosom and heard her heart pounding nearly out of her chest.

"Continue," I said, my heart keeping pace with hers.

"We worked out as usual and came back for a juice. But I sensed something different in her, and in me. As I stood at the sink, washing a couple of glasses, I felt Michele's hands on my bum. I froze, then I turned to face her. I'm sure I was about to say something, but it's kind of hard to speak when you have another woman's tongue in your mouth."

All our married life, Linda had dropped bombs on me like this -- quiet little revelations that knocked me down, about her wants and her needs, about her life before we met. All said matter-of-factly, but all carrying a million volts.

"That's right," she said, answering my question before I could ask it. "A deep, loving, wet kiss. Before I knew it, I had peeled Michele's top off and was suckling her breasts like a hungry baby. Brian, I couldn't get enough of her, and she wanted to devour me.

"We were here, under these covers, in about 5 seconds, naked and aroused and in desperate need. She brought me to orgasm three times, and she came twice. The afterglow was like heaven, and as we talked about how much we loved each other, we somehow got to talking about teasing you two guys.

"We had no idea it would lead to what it did last night. We thought we'd do a striptease and that would be the end of it.

"Baby, I had no idea I'd have Alan's cock in my mouth."

She swallowed hard.

"Or that Michele would be sucking yours."

I turned my head, my chin resting in Linda's cleavage, and I smiled up at her.

"Honey, it was extraordinary. I don't know how else to describe it to you. Seeing you loving my best friend, taking him, pleasing him... it was the most erotic thing I've ever seen."

I pulled the cover back and kissed very slowly down my wife's right thigh.

"You both were incredibly hot," she said, almost in a whisper. "Can you imagine how I felt, watching your cock disappear into Michele's mouth? It felt like every nerve in my body was alive."

"It showed," I said. "Alan was seriously aroused by you. He is some kind of built, huh?"

Linda sighed.

"I'll take my baby any day, but yes, now that you mention it, he's nicely built."

I knew she was understating her deeper feelings, and that was okay, too. We never dwelled on body parts -- what we had worked beautifully for us -- but clearly she was thrilled by the reaction she had gotten from Alan's thick cock. As was I.

Her words were loosening as I moved inside her thigh and traced my tongue higher, to just outside her distended velvet lip, the blood rushing to her loins in a nourishing flow.

"Was it good for you, baby?" I asked her, feathering kisses nearer and nearer.

She moaned just a little, and lay her head back on the pillow.

"Brian, it was exquisite," she replied, saying the words she knew I needed and wanted to hear.

"Tell me."

I dipped my tongue between her folds, tasting the salty blend of our sexually wakened bodies, and I felt her shiver.

"I couldn't take my eyes off him when you two sat back down," she murmured. "He was so..."

"Hard?"

"Mmmm, yes. So hard."

I felt Linda's hands in my hair, encouraging me, guiding me. Her clitoris was a hard nub, pushing into the early morning light, swollen and needy. It was a magnet for my tongue.

"Brian, he is enormous. I couldn't get my fingers around him."

"I couldn't either," I said quietly of our naughty dance, and she giggled.

"He tasted different than you, baby. I don't know how, exactly. Maybe it was the wine. And his heat. It felt like he was on fire."

Her words were coming in little bursts now, he breath taken away by the sensations she was feeling between her thighs. I looked up to see her pinching her left nipple, pulling on it, snapping at it with her finger. It looked half an inch long.

"I couldn't gauge when he was going to come, baby," she managed to tell me. "I can tell with you, always. Your balls draw up tight, and you get very, very thick right behind the head.

"I expected that with Alan, but that's not..."

She began to take short, little breaths, her lungs abandoning her as I drummed my tongue on her clit. She was so, so close.

"... how he came. I squeezed his balls and I felt one hard throb right at the base. And then he shot right to the back of my throat. I pulled ba--"

Linda's hand grabbed me hard and pulled me into her pussy, enflamed and wet, slick with her cum, and mine. She whimpered, drew a deep breath, then cried out with a howl that could have wakened the dead.

I finished her sentence in my mind as I savored the liquid nectar that flowed within her. I had frozen the image of Alan's turgid cock popping free of Linda's mouth, then erupting again and again, his opaque spurts arcing up and splashing in my wife's hair and on her shoulders and dripping down her soft curves, hanging in a creamy ribbon from her lower lip.

She was quaking at my tongue's touch, the aftershocks rolling through her body like a distant thunder. Finally, she eased back into the safety of my arms, and I cradled her gently, kissing her wherever my lips could meet her skin.

"Baby, you are so beautiful," I whispered to her.

She smiled wordlessly at me, her eyelids again growing heavy. We were to see Michele and Alan again that night, dinner guests at their place. I knew Alan had a small cache of erotic movies he enjoyed with his wife. Tonight we would watch them together, and already I was longing to see Linda in his lap, unzipping him, pulling her thick new friend out to play.

Our adventures were to take a new turn that night, and Michele had a few remarkable designs on me. Little did I know then the incredible door we all would open and walk through, leaving our inhibitions on the mat outside.