 All sexual participants were over 18. This is one story in a series inspired by my time in Australia's Navy in the 1980's. All the characters are based on real people and all the events in this series are partly, mostly or in some cases entirely true, but none of the names are. 

***** 

Home port at last. Sydney, Australia, world's finest harbour, the Emerald City and all that. I joined the navy at seventeen, had my nineteenth birthday on this very trip. We'd been away four and a half months, naval exercises with all the regional friendlies interspersed with drinking hard and exploring the bars and flesh-pots of south-east Asia, then some success trying the same in Darwin and Brisbane. But now home. 

The deck crew was busily doing sailor stuff, I was trying not to get noticed by the Petty Officer dishing out the jobs. A few more feet, and... yep, I'd escaped down into the murky depths of the second-oldest destroyer in the fleet. 

Leave would be called in half an hour. The navy took pity on all the WAGs - Wives And Girlfriends - who'd turned out in their summer best to wave us in and take their men home. And it was only men in our crew, back then. Me, I was single. So even though I had nobody on the wharf waiting for me with a mattress strapped to her back, as the saying went, I was still keen to get ashore and revisit those familiar haunts. Might even get lucky - almost certain to get drunk. 

With a fresh hot coffee in my fist, I looked through the scuttle of the junior sailors' cafe (only landlubbers call them 'portholes'). I was admiring the view of pretty girls everywhere along the wharf - some of the senior sailors had daughters my age and many of the crew had sisters there to greet them. 

Then I saw her. Angie. She had been my best mate Tony's on-and-off girlfriend when we sailed, and there she was. Medium height, wavy long blonde hair, lightly tanned skin, flashing blue eyes, tits like melons, hips you could watch swaying for hours and all of that slinking in a tight white knee-length dress. Lucky Tony. Wait...Those other two girls, are they...? Yes! She spoke to them. They were with Angie. Maybe lucky me, too! 

I tried to get Angie's attention through the tiny glass circle, but she was busily scanning the upper decks presumably searching for Tony. She wouldn't know he was still closed-up on the depth sounder, so I decided to risk getting told to pull on some mooring line or other and go back to the uppers and try to make contact. 

While there I was lucky enough to catch her eye straight away. It wasn't done to lean over the guardrail and yell at the civilians, but I did it anyway. 

"Hi Angie. G'day. Tony's still on watch - won't be long though. Does he know you're here?" 

"Yeah." 

"Good. Who are your friends?" No point wasting time. 

"Jill and Stella. That's Dave." 

They waved hi. The one she'd introduced as Jill was tall and slim with olive skin and short dark hair cropped close around the lines of her face. I was too far away to see her eyes, but her face was pretty. She wore a body-hugging black skirt with a light green silk halter top covering her medium-sized breasts. I loved that style of top. Bare shoulders and back meant almost always no bra so the shiny silk sliding over nipples often caused them to stay hard. 

Stella was about the same height as Angie, with a fuller figure and long red hair in a pony-tail reaching around her neck and down to cover one of her ample breasts. She had pale skin and wore a loose yellow one-piece dress that hugged her top half then flowed out from her womanly waist to knee length. Her I liked instantly. 

Just then the technical navy-speak 'pipe' (announcement) told those of us in the know that we were officially in harbour now. Tony would be here in a minute. I told Angie so and she jiggled and clapped with joy as her friends hugged her. Looked like she missed Tony. 

Then he was bedside me and dear Angie had tears in her eyes. Tony even looked a bit soft. He was in the ship's rugby and cricket teams, even though he was of medium height and build, but he was athletic. I played soccer for the ship's team, but mostly just to get the afternoons off. 

I decided to lock eyes with Stella, and she appeared to reciprocate. Jill said something in her ear and they both laughed and looked intently at me. Things were progressing well and we were still ten metres apart. 

I asked Tony if he knew the other two girls. He told me Jill was a firecracker, but he didn't know Sheila. Obviously true since he'd got her name wrong. I told him if he didn't take me along today I'd piss on all his uniforms and sell his sisters into slavery. 

"Relax mate. You can come but these girls are clearly out of your league. I don't know why I risk my street cred hanging out with you. Let's go get changed. They'll pipe leave in a minute." 

I told him to make sure he checked his uniforms when he got back, and asked his sisters' names for future reference. 

Ten minutes later we were swaggering down the gangway like all the heroes returned. Angie threw herself around Tony and hugged and kissed him like there was no tomorrow. I set to making small talk with Stella and Jill. The trio had no plans for the rest of the afternoon and evening, although all three girls were clearly dressed to go out and party. But first - a nice cold beer or two. So that's what we did. 

Tony clearly wasn't going to have to try that night - Angie was all over him. I had the problem now of what to do with Jill, since I was getting along well with Stella. Those two disappeared to the ladies' room while I got more drinks in. As they came back I saw Jill kiss Stella full on the lips and squeeze her butt cheek. I wasn't sure what to think, but I sure hoped Stella was bi and not lesbian. 

I got Tony's ear and asked him. 

"I told you Jill was a firecracker. She likes girls and guys and sometimes at the same time." 

That settled it. I was going to make a play for Stella and if Jill wanted in, so be it. 

Angie and Stella shared a flat in Bondi near the beach. That's where we went just after midnight, all buzzing from the booze. Stella and I had kissed a few times, Tony and Angie had snogged all night, and Jill had kissed everybody, even a couple of girls who nobody knew. 

As I settled into a beanbag with Stella, Jill passed us some fresh cold beers, turned one of the chairs away from the dining table and sat in front of us. I expected Tony and Angie would go to bed straight away, but he sat next to Jill and Angie hitched her tight skirt up to her hips so she could straddle his thighs. She was facing him with her back to Stella and me, so I got a great view of round arse in silky white camiknickers at my eye height. 

Tony had his hands on her bum and squeezed it as he kissed her. Jill decided she'd move things along. She lifted the hem of her knee-length black skirt high, fully aware that Stella and I were looking right between her legs. But Jill wasn't looking at me, her lustful gaze was directed at Stella. 

I figured I had to be in this little game or get left behind, so I snuggled around behind Stella on the bean bag, my legs around her waist, and stroked her hair on one side as I kissed her neck on the other. She reclined her head to give my nibbling lips better access. All the while I was looking intensely at Jill who met my gaze with the same fire as she'd shown Stella. 

Jill's skirt was as high as the chair would allow, so she simply scooted forwards so her black lace panties showed. She wasn't wasting time. She touched herself briefly between the legs then licked her finger provocatively. Stella's legs parted sightly and I thought I'd play my part. I gently eased Stella's dress higher teasing back at Jill, who responded by cupping both her breasts. 

So far Tony and Angie had not noticed anything, but that changed when firecracker Jill put her hand down between Angie's legs. She must have touched them both. Tony jumped in surprise, but Angie surprised us all by reaching beside herself, feeling for Jill's thighs then lower to touch Jill's pussy without stopping her tongue-hockey game with Tony. 

All the while Jill's green eyes went between mine and Stella's. Angie had not changed position but was now watching her own hand caressing her friend's pussy through the lace panties. Tony looked over her shoulder towards where I sat and must have got a good view between Stella's pale creamy thighs. He winked at me and without ceremony lifted Angie to a standing position, reached down to the hem of her tight white skirt and lifted. She helped him take it over her head and outstretched arms, and I was treated to the rear view of this Madonna in her shiny camiknickers. 

Her arse cheeks peeked tantalisingly out the loose legs. She sat back on Tony's lap, legs either side of him, and resumed kissing in earnest. 

Stella was reaching behind herself to find my cock, which had of course begun to rise to the occasion. As she squeezed, I cupped her full, round breasts in my hands and rubbed them in little slow circles. 

Stella opened her legs wide now and put her other hand between them. I looked over her shoulder to be treated to the spectacle of her pulling her white panty leg to the side to expose her red pubes and show her slit to Jill and Tony before putting her index finger inside herself. She sighed and squeezed my cock again. 

Jill was getting turned on, she stood and just ripped her black panties off, then unzipped her skirt and let it fall before reaching behind her neck to untie the halter top letting it too fall to the floor. Now naked from the waist down, she sat on the floor in front of the chair she'd been sitting on, spread her legs wide, parted her bald pussy lips with one hand while she worked her clit with the other. 

I leaned forwards taking Stella's dress in my hands and tugged at it to let her know I wanted her to take it off. She knelt upright and obliged, then unsnapped her bra and threw it aside before leaning back onto me. I now played with her tits more earnestly, tugging at the bright pink nipples and twisting them to elicit little sighs of passion. My eyes switched from admiring Jill's tits cupped snugly in that black lace bra, to her glistening hairless pussy and puckered arse between shapely thighs, then down to Stella's pendulous breasts and engorged nipples while she too played inside herself. 

I took another look at Angie's silk-covered arse and noticed the strip between her legs was moving. Tony had his fingers in there and Angie was clearly loving what he did to her. 

I could not reach Stella's pussy so I concentrated on her breasts while she watched Jill masturbating. The firecracker then leaned forwards on all fours and slinked towards us like a cat. She reached under Stella who lifted her arse to allow Jill to pull off her panties. I now saw the full glory of her trimmed russet-thatched pussy, but not for long. Jill buried her head between Stella's thighs and began licking slowly and deliberately. 

Stella's breathing and closed eyes showed she was loving it and I was sure these two had done this, and more before. 

But I felt like the fifth wheel. I was still fully clothed. When Angie stood again and undid his belt, Tony lifted his butt off the chair so she could pull down his pants and boxers then she sat back in the same spot, only this time the movement of her arm showed me she was stroking his cock while he fingered her some more. So now everybody had made a start except me. Angie only had her camiknickers on, Tony was taking his shirt off now so he was fully naked except for the pants and boxers around his ankles. Stella was completely naked, and Jill only had her bra on. 

I caught Tony's eye and made an exaggerated shrug. He laughed. 

"Girls. Dave is shy. Can you help?" I wasn't shy, but I was glad he'd got me in the game. 

Jill looked up from licking at Stella's slit, and laughed too. She and Stella practically jumped at me pushing me back into the beanbag and playfully tore at my clothes. Angie looked over her shoulder to watch, laughing, and before long I was on my back, fully naked with a boner, with Jill on one side and Stella on the other. 

Stella gripped my cock firmly but gently and began to stroke. Jill kissed me hard on the lips and I could taste Stella's pussy on her tongue. I fumbled at Jill's bra one-handed and on the third attempt I got it undone. She discarded it and put a nipple in my mouth. I nibbled and bit it, causing a few 'ooh' sounds. Stella reached over me and while still stroking me, she patted Jill's thigh as a signal for her to lift her leg. She did, bending her knee, and Stella now had cock in one hand and pussy in the other. 

I lifted my head from the floor in time to see Angie's hand pull her cami-knickers leg to one side. I saw fuzzy blonde pubes for a second before she impaled herself on Tony's rigid cock. All the way down in one movement. He squeezed and kneaded her arse as she slowly rocked back and forth: I was mesmerized by Tony's member sliding in and out, glazed with Angie's pussy juice. He was large and split her lips aside, but she was so wet there was no friction. 

Stella noticed my gaze and grabbed my chin to bring my attention back to her. She kissed me deeply, our tongues fencing as she lifted herself over me and reached below herself to guide my cock into her. As the tip touched her pussy lips it felt like an electric shock. She teased me with little hip movements, biting my bottom lip and laughing into my mouth. 

Whenever I pushed upwards trying to enter her she'd lift, then tantalize me again. Jill came to my rescue. She played with Stella's hanging tits. Stella turned to one side and tongue-kissed her while she reached to play with Jill's clit again. In the seconds of distraction I pulled Stella's hips down as I thrust mine up and got half-way inside her lava-hot pussy. 

She moaned quite loudly into Jill's open mouth, then simply sat back and took me all the way inside. I tingled all over. Stella was a little plump, but she was tight inside and oh so very hot. We bucked gently at each other, and this time Jill put her nipple in Stella's mouth. To hold it there while she sucked and licked, Stella used the hand she'd had between Jill's legs. I took over. 

This was the eighties and bald pussies were rare. This was the first I'd touched, and I marvelled at how smooth and slick her pussy lips were. No stubble, no wisps of hair, just girl-flesh in all its glory. With her kneeling beside us, legs apart, I had easy access to her puffed outer lips, the dainty little lips inside them, and to her clit and tunnel. I explored them all and she clearly loved it. I put in two fingers, then three. She let go Stella's tits, kneeling upright and fondling her own tits as she fucked my hand, panting. Stella leaned over, keeping me inside her, to bite and nibble each of Jill's nipples in turn while I worked hard on her dripping pussy. 

I was half-way inside Stella while she leaned to pleasure her friend and we fucked like that gently for a few minutes while Jill got hotter and hotter. Her sighs became moans and her panting became grunts. My hand was wet from her juices, so I removed my fingers and replaced them with my thumb, up inside her cunt as far as the heel of my hand which I ground into her glistening lips. I pushed my slick index finger into her tiny arsehole all the way to the second knuckle and she began to tremble and jerk. 

Jill was approaching orgasm and a look between me and Stella signalled we were going to make it a big one for her. Jill knelt upright and fondled her own tits while I continued my manual assault on her cunt and arse. Stella whispered to me: "Fuck her quickly then come back to me." 

Reluctantly I slid out from under Stella's glorious pussy, went behind Jill and bent her over. I pushed into her easily and she fucked backwards at me so hard that her arse slapped my thighs noisily and made little shock waves in her flesh. After half a minute she pushed back, froze in place, and shuddered violently as her orgasm waved through her. How I didn't come right then and there I don't know but it was probably thanks to all the beer. After the first spasms Jill ground out the rest of her climax on my cock, whimpering all the time. The front of my thighs was wet with her juices. 

I looked over at Stella who lay on her side in the beanbag, lazily playing with her bright pink pussy lips and watching her friend cum on my cock. Angie was still riding Tony but now he'd pulled the top of her one-piece down and played with her bare nipples while she fucked him. Even from behind I could see the lovely curves of the sides of her tits, so large and round were they. 

Tony was watching me and Jill, I was watching him and Angie, and both of us watched Stella. It could have been a porn flick. But it wasn't. 

Jill had finished cumming and despite being up inside her pussy I wanted more of Stella right then. I dismounted and went back over to her. She smiled and lay back, opening her legs wide for me to easily enter her missionary-style. 

As I sank in she put her ankles around my calves and her arms around my back. She had cooled a little since I left her so I wanted her to catch up. As she did she became a little wild, biting into my shoulder and bucking up at my invading cock. 

"Yesss, oh fuck yes. Nngh. Umm, ooh like that. Fuck! I'm cumming. Cum in me too. I'm ccc... Oooh." 

And come she did, grasping me to her so I was hard up inside her pussy. I could feel the walls of her pussy spasming and milking at me and it took me to the edge too. As her orgasm faded, mine began. Selfishly I began thrusting and grunting hard, until the familiar burning at the base of my cock told me of imminent release. I lifted myself on my arms to see her wet pubes and puffy pussy lips as I pushed into her all the way and shot my load, gob after gob, not conscious of anything but my erupting cock and her hot pussy. 

I collapsed gasping on top of her, my heart pounding. She held me there a few seconds more while we basked in the afterglow, then the moment was shattered. 

Tony, Angie and Jill began clapping and making 'whoo-hoo' noises in appreciation of our show. Obviously, Tony and Angie had finished their lovemaking before us but we were so engulfed in our lust that we hadn't noticed anybody else. 

I looked over at them, Angie still in her one-piece on Tony's lap but now facing us. She'd pulled the straps back up but I could clearly see through it as sweat made it cling to her and her olive-shaped dark nipples were poking at it. Jill was still naked, on the other chair, legs apart and working on her next orgasm while grinning at Stella and me. 

Angie got iced water and we all drank thirstily. It was a warm night so nobody bothered dressing. I found out that Jill and Stella were bi girlfriends who also liked cock but only when they shared so as not to be 'unfaithful' to each other. Tony asked Angie if she was bi too, to which she answered that she was more "bi-curious". The other two girls looked at each other and filed that detail away for another time. 

Just then Tony caught my eye and I saw a wicked glint. He nodded towards the fresh jug of iced water Angie had just brought over, then at the three girls. I understood. As he got the jug and threw some at Stella and some at Jill, I splashed the rest of my glass onto Angie. She threw hers back at me, and, well it was a water fight: we all ran to sinks, baths and whatever for ammunitioning. 

Angie's camiknickers became completely transparent and clung to her pussy and thighs as well as her breasts. She took it off and slapped Tony with it. As they play-wrestled I watched as her pendulous breasts swayed and jiggled, being treated to the occasional view of open pussy or puckered arsehole whenever her legs splayed. Angie's failed efforts to pin him down often ended in her getting a slap on the bum to which she'd squeal in indignation and try again. 
