 Eleanor stared at the young black man who had become her night in shining armor in this strange land of casual sex, rotund naked women who orgasmed in front of half a dozen strangers and god only knew what else. His words filtered through her muddled brain, was she ready for the rest of the tour? No, no she was not. But having come this far in the charade she knew that the best choice, the only real choice was to see it through to the end. 

But for the life of her, hell on her children's lives, she could not force words out her dry and tight throat. There were no words for the things that she had witnessed in the brief time since she left the safety of that changing room. She sighed, how appropriate that it was called the changing room. She felt know as if walking out those doors had changed her forever. She would never see herself, her husband or even the world in quite the same way again. Everything was changing and it felt like she once on that horrid amusement park ride the Tilt-a-wheel. 

The only thing keeping her on her feet was the deep chocolate brown hand on her elbow. And determination that she would never again allow Stan to debase and degrade her. If Ann in all her round glory could see herself as beautiful then so too would she...somehow. So she simply looked up at her makeshift guide and nodded her head as bravely as she could. 

"That's my girl," Ray smiled down at her with those pure white teeth against dark skin. His eyes flashed and he wrapped that arm possessively about her waist once more. She again saw the tight flashes of anger from Stan and this man's partner, Tricia. But what the two of them did not know, what she and her savior did, was that the arm about her waist was the only thing keeping her standing at the moment. 

Ray drew them out of the room and they headed down the long dark corridor once more. Ray motioned to a closed door and turned the knob, "This is the private chamber. Better known as Ann and Herb's bedroom. It is kept locked but occasionally they allow certain people to party in there privately." He looked at her husband smugly, "Especially for newbies. First timers often find the more public areas too daunting."

Eleanor might have asked him more about that room except for the very naked and round man that walked down the hall towards them, "Excuse me," he said as he tried to squeeze past the small group that clogged the hallway like plague in arteries. 

If she had been shocked to see Ann's nakedness, Eleanor was mortified to see only her second completely naked man...ever. She and Stan had been high school sweethearts. She had surrendered her virginity to him and over the years had been a faithful and loyal wife. Sure her e-reader was full of erotic romances, porn for women, with half naked buff guys like her make shift tour guide. But until that moment Stan had been the only man she had seen naked.

But as shocked and mortified as Eleanor was, she could not make herself look away. The man was old, sixty at least. His head shone even in the dimly lit hallway. It was the chrome dome that the thinning and receding hairline of her husband would become over time. What held her rapt attention though was the paunch about the man's middle. He looked like he was eleven months pregnant and would burst any minute. His stomach was so large it was if it was an awning or overhang for the shriveled limp penis that looked to be only slightly larger than a child's. 

She turned her head quickly before the man noticed her looking at his...thingy. She caught the smug look upon her husband's face. She could almost read his mind...that this man would be no competition for the women's attentions. She felt sick once more at his callous smugness. What Stan failed to see was his future, in another twenty years he would almost certainly be this man. Same blonde hair gone forever. Same once tight abs turned to bloated wasteland. Same...

Her thoughts were cut short as Ray smiled and extended his hand in greeting to the man, "Herb, my man. How are you tonight? I was just showing a couple of newbies around. Your beautiful wife gave them quite a performance too in the toy room."

The man took his hand and chuckled. The sound of that deep rumble reminded Eleanor of Santa Claus. She blushed as she watched his belly 'shake like a bowlful of jelly.' 

"Damned machine. How's a man to compete with something like that? I swear if it wasn't so damned expensive and such a big draw around here, it would succumb to a accident while I packed it away. Although why I bother is beyond me. The damned woman just pulls it out of the cupboard. Very damned day." His words might sound harsh but the mirth and self-deprecating humor that was behind them softened them.

Ray slapped the man on the back, "If it helps, she reminded me that not even I could compete with the damned thing."

The man's belly once more shook, "Thanks. I needed that. So introduce me to your friends."

Ray smiled and bowed at the waist, reinforcing Eleanor's view of him as a knight in shining armor. "This lovely young lady is Elle. Like most first timers, she is a bot overwhelmed with it all." 

Eleanor smiled as the man nodded and took her hand, "Don't worry, sweet cheeks, we don't bite." He winked and gave her a bit of a lecherous grin as he finished up, "Unless you ask us to...very nicely."

She was not sure whether to laugh, look shocked or run at the man's bold words. Stan saved her from having to make a choice as he tired of being ignored and cleared his throat loudly. Ray shook his head and added "This is her husband, Mac, is it?"

Eleanor smiled at the twitch in the corner of her husband's mouth. She knew its meaning well. He was pissed. Twice now, he had practically been ignored by the young man, treated as nothing more than an after thought. While his dowdy wife was center stage, not only with the younger and hotter black man, but just about every male in this place. 

Oh, Stan received more than his fair share of glances from the women as well. Next to the young stud that was her guide for the evening it seemed, her husband still retained enough of his former glory to attract the second glances of more than his share of the women. The problem was that none of those women seemed to be enough of a trade up from her 'average soccer mom' appearance. She had the distinct feeling that this evening was proving more than a disappointment to her husband.

He made no effort to hide that fact either as he ignored the hand that the man held out towards him, "What's down that way?" he asked pointedly.

Herb shrugged his shoulders and forced a smile, evidently her husband was not the first rude newcomer that the man had dealt with. "The public playroom is at the end of the hall on your right. The semi-private one is on your left," the man turned pointedly to Ray and added, "Don't forget to knock first and wait for permission before you go in."

Ray nodded and smiled, "You know it, old man."

The man turned back towards her one more and smiled. She was struck by two things: the genuineness of that smile and how comfortable this man was in his aging body. She smiled, he and his wife were truly good people. People that under different circumstances she would enjoy getting to know better. 

"Enjoy yourself, pretty lady. If you need anything that the young stud can't help you with just find me or Ann." Turning towards Tricia, his smile tightened, "Always nice to see you too, lovely. But I need to run and grab more wipes from the cupboard. That crowd in the public room are giving new meaning to the term...sweating up the sheets."

Eleanor tried her best not to let the shock show on her face but from the gentle squeeze on her elbow, she figured that she had failed. She recovered as quickly as she could though and smiled at the older man, "Thank you."

As the man pushed past them, Ray took charge once more, "How about we go see what they are getting up to in the public room then?"

Eleanor once more fought her natural inclination to run screaming from the place. She swallowed that lump in her throat that had not gone away since they dropped the children at her mother's for the night. So far tonight she had watched another woman orgasm...on a fucking machine no less...and seen the second bare cock of her life. How much worse could it get?

The answer was the choked gasped as Ray stepped back and ushered her into the huge, bare room on the right at the end of the hall. Only his solid arm about her waist kept her standing as she took in what could only be described as an orgy. A dozen or so bodies were strewn about the floor, most of them completely naked, although a few of the women like herself hid imperfections in corsets or teddies. 

Eleanor could not stop the audible gasp as the hand about her tightened. He bent low and under the guise of kissing her cheek whispered, "Breath," once more. 

She forced air through her nose and open mouth as she studied the sight before her more closely. She noticed that there were only three or four women among the group. Most of them had two and sometimes three partners. 

And the acts that they were performing was well beyond the scope of her comfort level. One woman lay on her back sprawled in the middle of a king sized mattress on the floor. One man was humping away between her spread legs like a mad man. Another knelt at her head, his hard cock disappearing and reappearing between the smiling lips of the woman's mouth. Oh my god, the woman was smiling. Even more shocking was the fact that two more men knelt on either side of her as she stroked their semi-erect penises. 

"Oh yeah baby, suck his cock. Make him shoot his load in that sweet little mouth of yours. Oh yeah, Rachel, I'm gonnna come..." the man between her legs panted and moaned. 

The woman allowed the other man's cock to pop from between her lips as she lifted her head and answered him, "Yeah baby, that's it. Fill my hot cunt with your load. I know how much you like watching your sweet little wife suck another man's cock. Come on baby...fuck my pussy good!" The man growled and plunged even deeper as his whole body shook with his orgasm. 

Eleanor blushed and tried to look away but she could not. She had just watched a second person orgasm this evening. This time a man. A man other than her husband. Her mind shattered into millions of fragments that she feared she could never superglue back together. 

But what disgusted her most was the look of smug satisfaction upon her husband's face. "Now things are getting good," he whispered as he turned to her. "See some wives know what turns a man on."

Once more Ray proved her savior as he laughed and replied, "Really? Hey man I would not have taken you for a cuckold but whatever floats your boat."

The color drained from her husband's face at his words, "What do you mean cuckold? Looks plenty consensual and equal to me?"

Before her new friend could respond the woman on the floor looked at the man, her face contorted in pure dominance as she commanded, "Now clean up the mess you made. You know how much I hate it when your little bitty, teensy wincey dick does that in me. Get it nice and clean too because others are waiting to use your hole. But don't worry, I'll make sure that they leave plenty of juicy mess for you to clean up later when I ride your pathetic face."

Eleanor found it hard not to gloat as she watched what little color was left in Stan's face drain completely way at the woman's words. Ray compounded it when he added, "That's probably the first time this year that she had allowed him to fuck her. She must be feeling really generous too. Letting him go before her other lovers. Wonder whatever has gotten into the woman."

She suppressed a shiver at the strong words of her surprising hero for the evening. Even knowing that he meant them to shock her husband did nothing to soften them. How could a wife...a woman that had promised to love, honor and cherish...do that to a man? What about the cleave only unto him?

But then Eleanor blushed as she looked around her. Yes, what of those words that she had spoken to this man? That he had promised to her. Yet here they were. Were they really any different from the people all around them? Did she have any right whatsoever to stand in judgment of this woman? She, who had been bullied and desperate enough to do what her husband wanted...even when she knew it was not right for her? 

Watching the couple before her, she saw the interplay of something that she personally could not fathom as the man bent first to kiss his wife's lips...lips that had only a moment before been wrapped around another man's cock. The woman lovingly caressed his cheek and said, "Good boy." Then she forced his head down between her spread thighs as she returned to sucking the other man's cock, except this time it was three cocks that were pressed towards her open mouth as she alternated back and forth between them all.

Eleanor would have left then, except for the hand that grasped her wrist from the other side. Strong fingers wrapped around her and tugged her in another direction. She looked down to see another man, not much older than she and Stan, perhaps as handsome even as her husband. At least he was smiling up at her, whereas her husband only scowled now.

"Hey, pretty lady, care to join us? My girlfriend has always fancied another woman," he smiled as if his words were a proper introduction. And perhaps in this place they were sufficient? 

She looked down to discover that the woman in question was indeed smiling back at her. She was a bit younger with wild long dark hair framing an almost pixie face. She was a couple of sizes larger than Eleanor although no where near as rotund as their hostess had been. Curvy would be the best description. And the girl was dressed to accentuate her positives. 

Like Eleanor she wore a corset that was tightly threaded to minimize her waistline while making the most of her wide hips. But this girl's corset was the under bust type that left her large pendulous breasts fully exposed. Again Eleanor was shocked to find herself wondering if they were as soft as they looked. What would it feel like to touch them? To suck on them as she herself enjoyed having hers suckled upon. 

Except that once he had rounded home base and taken her virginity, Stan had instantly forgotten how much his wife enjoyed that type of foreplay. And once the babies had come and she had chosen to breast feed them, her tits became no fly zones, completely off limits as it were.

There was something shy and innocent in the girl's face that belied the situation in which they found themselves. For an instant, Eleanor wondered if this girl too had been bullied into coming to this place. But the gentle way that she caressed her lover's arm as she whispered something into his ears, her eyes never leaving Eleanor's as she spoke told her that this woman though she might be younger would never allow herself to be manipulated as she had been. Eleanor's respect for the woman grew.

The man smiled and nodded at whatever his lover was saying. Then he turned back towards them and added, "Just the two of you, of course. Some girl-on-girl action. We could even see if the semi-private room is available." Eleanor wanted to laugh as the man almost blushed as he added, "Of course, if you don't mind if us guys watch...you know...watch and..." he stammered.

Eleanor did not how to respond to this couple. Not without offending them. And she was almost certain that by these standards their request was more than polite. She would not want to hurt their feelings.

Once more Ray stepped up to her rescue, "Thanks, Nick. I am sure that the lady will think about it. But she and her husband are newbies. I am just giving them a tour of the place. Let her look around a bit, get her sea legs perhaps. We will probably end the tour in the hot tub later if you want to join us and talk more about it. But I am sure you remember how overwhelming it felt to be fresh meat, Amanda," he added, smiling at the young woman.

She reached up a hand and laced her fingers through Eleanor's, giving them a light squeeze. "Sure, sugar, take your time. We can just chat if you want. We came here twice before I even had the guts to take off my bikini top in the hot tub. No pressure."

Eleanor smiled at her and thought once more how much she might like to get to know her better...in other circumstances. 

Ray bent and kissed the other woman's cheek before returning to her side. "See you two later maybe. I'm going to take them over to the semi-private room. See if anything is happening in there that they don't mind sharing. Later," he nodded to the whole room, most of whom did not even bother to look up from their various sex acts.

Eleanor steeled herself for whatever lay behind the door across the hallway. If these people could so easily copulate and cavort without thought for what others saw...what could be so intimate that it warranted closed doors? She asked herself as she noted the tight, angry expressions on her husband's and Tricia's faces. 

The other woman slunk up next to them, lacing her arms through Ray's on the other side as she smiled, "Why, sweetheart, it is a good thing I am not a jealous woman. The way you shower all these other women with your attention and kisses." Her words might say one thing, but the tight way that she held herself gave a very different message. 

Ray smiled at Eleanor and winked, "The green eyed monster is so unbecoming in a place like this. Don't you agree, Mark?"

Eleanor was tempted to laugh as she watched her husband's mouth twitched at the corner once more. Oh yes, this night was proving way more interesting than she had thought it would. In that moment she was very grateful to the young knight for charging to her rescue and keeping her from running from this place. Very interesting indeed, she thought. "Shall we check out the other room then, Ray?" she smiled conspiratorially.