 Eleanor watched as Ray, her impromptu guide and savior in this strange new world knocked lightly at the closed door. She felt more than a bit like Alice in Wonderland. What rabbi hole had she fallen down when she agreed to her husband Stan's demands that they go to a swingers club?

The faithful, loving wife and mother who had only ever had sex with her husband had in less than one hour watched an obese, older woman ride a fucking machine to what looked like an orgasmic nirvana that Eleanor had never dreamt existed. She had seen her second full naked man... cock and all. She had watched as a woman performed oral sex... on three men... while her husband obediently cleaned his come out of her... so the other men could... She had even been propositioned... by another woman?

Eleanor was not certain what to expect on the other side of that closed door but she knew in her heart that no matter what happened this night she would never again be the same. And neither would her marriage. She looked over at the man who had been her high school sweetheart. For the first time, she saw him... really saw him. Not the handsome, football star and hero that she had married, but the aging, bitter man he was becoming, trying to capture even a fleeting moment of excitement and glory... and failing. All she felt was... pity.

The door opened a crack and a middle aged man smiled at Ray, "Hey, Ray, you come to join the party?"

Ray shook his dark head, "Not exactly man. I got a couple of newbies here and giving them a tour. Anything happening in there that you wouldn't mind sharing?"

The man gave their small group a once-over, "I'll check," he replied before closing the door.

Ray turned back to her a gave that same conspiratorial smile that he had a dozen time that night. It was odd that this man whom she had just met was more understanding and protective than the man who had been her lover and husband for so many years. And that was something which she knew she would have to take time to process... lots of time. And what it said about her marriage and future.

The door opened once more and the man stood back, "My girls said it would be all right, Ray... because it was you."

Ray shook the man's hand, "Thanks, my friend. I promise we won't disturb the scene."

The scene as Ray called what was happening on the bed was a woman, Eleanor could not tell how old exactly as her face was covered with a hood of some sort, and she was tied to the bed... spread eagle. And two other women were on either side of her. They were kissing ad teasing her. Their hands moving over her full curves. The woman was moaning and shivering. 

Eleanor was once again shocked to discover how curious she was about this lesbian show... and how excited it made her. What would it feel like to be that woman? Blindfolded, tied down and helpless as other women toyed and played with you. Would they know how to touch you better? Where? Just the right amount of pressure and perfect timing to ensure maximum pleasure? It was not something that Eleanor had ever thought about... being with another woman. But the tingling wetness between her legs told her it would be in the future... a favorite fantasy to masturbate too when Stan was too busy to notice her or had failed to give her the pleasure she needed before taking his own.

Over the years, she had read her books. Men would probably be shocked by the stuff in those trashy romances, especially these days... bondage, toys, and yes, even threesomes. But almost always the threesomes were with two men. In fact she had never read one with a woman before. She wondered why? 

Because what she saw before her was perhaps the hottest, most sensual thing that she had ever seen. In fact, she had to force herself to remain standing where she was... to not go to that bed and join the other women. But if what she had seen before was enticing what happened next was mind blowing. 

One of the woman moved over on the bed between the woman's open thighs. Eleanor found herself sucking on air, trying to breathe as anticipation surged and coursed through her. But the other woman was in no hurry. She softly trailed her fingers up and down her friend's inner thighs. Never touching the woman where it mattered most. Oh, she came close, so close, but for several long minutes, an eternity it seemed, she fastidiously avoided the woman's shaved pussy. 

Pussy? It was a word that Eleanor rarely used... even in her own mind. It was raw and dirty somehow. Even though some of her racier books freely used words like pussy and cock... and worse, Eleanor had just always found them... offensive. But somehow that seemed the only right word, the appropriate one in this case... the woman's bare, glistening wet, pink, open pussy. 

Eleanor was lost in her thoughts... in the live sex show that was playing out before her. If other things she had witnessed this night were shocking, this was... accelerating. Her whole body felt alive. Her skin tingled and her own nipples pebbled within the confines of the too tight corset. She felt the moisture in her own pussy, cunt even, begin to trickle into her thong. She could not remember the last time that she had been so turned on. Perhaps never?

Now the third woman was licking and sucking her friend's tits. They were on the small side actually but she had stunningly hard, big nipples that were a darker brown than you would expect on such fair skin. They were so hard as the woman suck and blew, twisted and pinched with her fingers, that you could even see the tiny oil glands that formed bumps around her areola. The woman was moving and writhing on the bed as her friends continued to toy with her.

Eleanor blushed as she noticed the man watching her. The man that had let them in the room... and Ray. But her husband... his eyes were glued to the women on the bed. Not that she could blame him. It was a very enticing sight. On that her own gaze returned to.  

Just in time too as the woman between her thighs changed positioned once more. Instead of kneeling, she now lay flat on her stomach, her face just inches from the woman's shaved pussy. Then she placed the palm of her hand on her friend's bare mound, used her fingers to spread the woman's inner lips open. 

Eleanor could actually see the pinkish inside of the woman. Her clitoris stood at the top of her opening, like a guard at attention, like a tiny cock even. And the woman's inner folds were spread enough that she could almost see the wetness seeping out of her. Just as her own was flooding her panties and trickling down her thighs. 

The two women who were torturing her looked at one another and smiled. It was some silent form of communication as the other woman begged and pleaded with them for more. And they gave it to her. The one nipping and biting at her nipples as the other plunged her tongue between the woman's wet folds.

Eleanor gasp but no one could hear her over the moans coming from the woman as her friends worked her body over... right. Hands, mouths and mostly importantly minds all combined to pleasure and torture her. Eleanor could see the woman's body reddening, her breathing becoming more shallow, gasps for air. She could watch the tension building, strumming like some ancient, primal melody through her body. 

She felt her own dancing in time to the same tune. But she did not have four hands and two mouths working to stimulate her senses so she was doomed to remain... on the edge. Aroused as she never had been before but with no relief in sight. 

"Sexy, ain't it?" was the deep, dark whisper against her ear. "Do you know standing this close I can smell how aroused you are? Your husband is a fool." His words caressed her mind even as his hot breath caressed the skin next to her ear. For a split second she thought she felt his lips and tongue against her neck, but then it was gone. 

The woman screamed. The loudest, most blood curdling sound that Eleanor had ever heard. Even with the bedroom closed, she knew that everyone in the house could hear as the woman reached orgasm. Hell, as loud as she was, Eleanor would surprised if one of the neighbors did not call the police. But the thing was that this scream was not in fear or pain... it was pure pleasure. A powerful release unlike anything that Eleanor could even imagine... but she knew that she would be trying to in the weeks and months to come as she played alone with herself while Stan snored.

After the woman's body finished convulsing, the room fell silent as her two lovers caressed and kissed her softly. There was something so... intimate, so loving in it that it seemed so out of place. 

The man who had opened the door for them was the first to break the silence, though even he kept his voice low, "You are welcome to take her place, beautiful. I am sure that my girls would not mind the chance to taste fresh meat," his eyes ran up and down her lush curves until Eleanor felt more naked than clothed.

But before she could politely decline, Stan spoke up, "She ain't playing, if I can't join too."

Eleanor had never been so ashamed in her life as both Ray and the man turned to glare at him. It was clear that these men found his petulant behavior as distasteful as she did. But the older man managed a polite if strained smile when he replied, "I am sorry if you misunderstood but this is girl time. The women play together here... alone. Even my own role is merely to protect and keep certain unsavory influences away." 

She could tell from the way that the man said those words, "unsavory influences," that he was referring to Stan. She fought to find her voice then but once more it was her own protector for the night that stepped forward, "It is always a pleasure talking to you, Jay. But I promised the lady a soak in the hot tub. Thank you for allowing us to watch... and thank the ladies too. I know that Elle really enjoyed the show."

The man smiled at Ray then stared sternly at Stan. He kissed Tricia's hand before turning to her, "I meant what I said. The ladies would very much welcome your presence to their little group," once more his eyes met Stan's, "under certain conditions."

Eleanor felt another hand on her arm then. Painfully tugging her back out of the room. She turned and stared up at the angry mask that her husband's face had become. Did she even know this man? What had her marriage and life become, she wondered, as they stepped back into the hall way. 

"The hot tub is this way," Ray said calmly as he saw the other man pulling her back down the hall. 

Stan growled at the man, "We're leaving this freak show of old, fat people making fools of themselves." 

Eleanor shook her head as tears began to form in her eyes. She had never been so embarrassed in her whole life. She was disgusted, not with these people, not with any of the sex acts that she had witnessed performed in such a public way, things that she personally felt should only be done within the confines of a committed and loving relationship, in the privacy of one's own home. But she was not passing judgment on these people.

She was passing judgment upon her husband. The man, who had forced her to come to this place, in order to 'save their marriage' he had promised. The man, who had spent the whole night, seeking out some young, thin, super model type who he considered 'trading up' from his wife. The man that considered himself so much better than these people... more handsome, more fit, more virile. The little boy that when the game did not go just his way decided that he would take his ball and go home. 

Except that she was that ball. She saw then that she was just another possession to this man. One that was meant to make him look good. And when she no longer fit that bill he would toss her aside and find a new one. He was probably already looking... that was what this was really about. 

Eleanor was torn... she wanted out of here, yes. Not because of these people though, not because of what happened here, but because of him. She could not look these people in the eye. They had been nothing but nice to her, to them. They did not deserve this. But she also did not want to leave with this... thing. She had never seen him like this... and some part of her actually was afraid. Afraid for herself and her children. But she had not brought her purse with her, she had no money for a cab even. He had said that it would not be wise to take much with them... what if it was stolen.

But what had been stolen this night was far more precious to Eleanor. She had lost her innocence. Her belief in her marriage... her husband... and even herself. How could she have not seen what this man was becoming? How could she have slept beside him so many nights and not seen him for the selfish little boy that he was? Perhaps always had been. What did that say about her?

But now was not the time or the place to answer those questions. Now was the time to draw some lines. To begin to stand up for herself... for these people... for what was right. "No, Stan, I am not going anywhere with you when you are like this."

He glared at her. His face was so red and puffy that for a moment she feared he would burst a blood vessel in his brain and drop where he stood. But she was not that lucky. His hold on her upper arm tightened until she knew that there would be bruises on it tomorrow. "You are my wife and you do what I say. Or did that little lesbo show in there turn you on so much that you have decided you don't want a man anymore? You think I didn't see what a fool you made of yourself in there? You acted just like a whore. A worthless whore that isn't fit to be my wife or the mother to my children."

His words stung, landing like physical blows upon her soul, but even then she was not going to back down. These people, this place, this night I stripped off her rose colored glasses and for the first time she saw herself, her marriage, this man for what it was ... pathetic. 

"A whore? You brought me here. You practically forced me to come with the threat of divorce hanging over my head... and I'm the whore? No, Stan, that little show as you call it did not turn me off men... you have. Not that you ever were one."

She saw it coming. He drew back his arm, his fingers curled into a fist. And she cowered, not in fear, because she was determined to survive whatever came. But simply in self-preservation, to minimize the impact. Her only thought was to get to her children. Get through this and get to her mother's. Make sure that they were safe. She closed her eyes and braced herself... but the blow never came.

When she finally found the courage to open her eyes a moment later, she saw Stan pushed against the wall. Ray had his arm twisted uncomfortably behind his back. And her husband was cursing and whining like a bully who finally got his comeuppance on the play ground. His girl friend, Tricia, was trying to pull him off, "Come on, Ray. It's not your problem. This is between the man and his wife."

Ray turned to her and replied coldly, "No, you are wrong there. It is everyone's problem when he brings his wife into this place, where people are supposed to be safe to do as they please one night a month. It is everyone's problem when he insults my friends, good people. People who have been nothing but polite to him. And it is especially my problem when he insults and physically attacks a decent woman. So yeah baby, yeah it is my problem. So you can either go get Herb and a couple of the other guys to help me escort... Mac or Stan or whoever the fuck he is out of here... or you can get the hell out of my way. What you do is your choice. And frankly my dear I don't give a damn."

Tricia stared at her date. Her hands went to her hips and she opened her mouth to speak, but she was cut off by the arrival of both Herb and the man that had so graciously ushered them into the semi-private room. "What's the problem here?" he asked.

Ray looked at the men, "Our friend here does not seem to have read the club contract that he signed cause he has no idea how to play nicely with others."

Herb blushed and shook his head, "I am sorry, folks. This is my fault. Ann told me she did not have a good feeling about this one but I did not listen. Should I call the police?"

Stan began to struggle and curse in Ray's arms once more, "Call the police? You go ahead. I am sure that they would just love to know about this place."

A giant of a man that looked vaguely familiar stuck his head out of the public play room. Eleanor recognized him as one of the men in the orgy with that woman. "Herb, did I hear you call my name?"

Herb chuckled, "Not just yet, Sheriff. You go back to your fun. We will let you know if we need you though."

The man nodded as he looked her husband up and down as if memorizing him. "All right, it seems you have the situation in hand... and right now somebody else has my 'situation' in her hand... down, woman! But call me if you need me."

Eleanor huddled against the wall and watched as it all played out before her like some horribly cheesy movie. Her life was tumbling around her. And she had no idea what to do or say. She wanted to run. She wanted to disappear. 

Then she was crushed in the warm embrace of a set of large arms. "You boys get that one out of here. And teach him some manners while you are at it. Trying to slap a woman in my house." Ann stared at her husband, "You lucky it is my boys giving you lesson, son. If it was me, I'd sit on your face and smoother you in pussy farts until you were dead. Get this trash out of my sight, Ray."

"Yes, ma'am," replied the young black man as he, Herb and the other man pushed and pulled her kicking husband down the hall. 

"I'll get you for this Eleanor. I'll divorce you and take everything. You'll never see your kids when I tell the judge about this," he shouted. Eleanor blanched as his words encompassed her worst nightmares. Her children were all she had had for so long.

"The judge?" mouthed Ann. She burst out laughing then. "You mean County Judge J. Herbert Miller?" She wrapped her arms around Eleanor and pulled her close as she smiled, "Don't forget to give the man one of your business cards, Herb."

"You fat, old cunt... I'll get you for this. I'll get all of you," he screamed before a woman passed something to Ray. 

"Here use these to shut the asshole up. It is probably the first time he's had a pair of wet panties anywhere near his selfish ass." Eleanor recognized her then... or thought so anyway. The woman tied on the bed. 

And suddenly she was surrounded by half a dozen women all offering her friendship, support and a shoulder to cry on. And yes, those tits were every bit as soft as they looked she discovered as she blubbered her problems onto Ann's ample bosom. 

At the end of the night, she might not have been any more sexually experienced than she was when she went there, but she had a house full of new friends... some of them very powerful ones too. The Sheriff assured her that he would have a patrol car pass her mother's house every hour for a few days. She had already used Ann's phone to call her mother and tell her that no matter what she was not to let Stan take the children with him. Her mother's only response was... Hallelujah. 

And the Judge, well, he told her not to worry none about losing her children, even if her case was not on his docket he knew people. And after a good cry on her tits and promises to meet her for coffee in the café later that week, Ann turned her over to Ray who drove her back to her Mama's house... and her children.

But it was his final words to her that night which she would hold close to her over the coming months as she fought to re-build her life for herself and her children... "I meant it. Your husband was a fool not to know what a precious gift he had in you." And his lips were just as soft as Ann's tits had been when he pressed a chaste kiss to hers... and just as comforting too.