 Over the next couple of weeks, Leez and I saw quite a bit of each other. We adapted our schedules to conform to her nursing shifts. For me, this worked out fine giving me lots of quality writing time. As our relationship progressed and we began to understand each other, we appreciated each other more and our intimacy blossomed. We liked similar things and explored all the restaurants, movies, concerts and museums. Simply stated, we just liked being with each other.

I noticed the change in her as she began to live her life more expressively. She was out of the house and luxuriating in her new-found confidence, finding new things to experience. Physically, I noticed that she often seemed to glow which made me feel wonderful and even a little more crazy about her. We laughed all the time. It was as though our comfort zones dovetailed.

I just love all those cards and letters about Part I. I hope you enjoy this, too. Keep them cumming...

Our sex became more emotional and erotic. Together, we were an orgasm machine. There were moments when we just sat on the couch watching television and just touching each other gave us goosebumps. And then there were other moments when we lit fireworks. There were times when we were completely lost in each other.

One afternoon, she came by unexpectedly. It was while I was writing and I was concentrating. I was on a roll and unable to stop writing. She tried everything to tear me away from my work but I was oblivious and 'in the zone.' That was until I heard the buzz of a vibrator. It took me a few moments to comprehend what the sound was. I turned from the computer and saw her on the couch rubbing her Hitachi Magic Wand over her pussy.

"Since you wouldn't help me, I decided to help myself."

"I'm here now."

"Too late. Now you have to sit down in front of me and watch me...watch me drip. I'm dripping for you, Ray...I'm imagining you while my toy is on my clitty."

The air thickened with her arousal and I was mesmerized by the scent and the vision before me, just a few feet from my face. Her vagina literally oozed her nectar as she moaned. She rubbed the wand all around her puss and over her anus. She pressed it hard against herself.

"You're making me come, baby. Watching you watching me is so hot. Pull out your penis and stroke it for me. Let me see it spit...Show me how you love to see me cum...I'm coming for you, baby."

Her encouragement lit me up. I was stroking myself vigorously and within a short time, her exhibitionist display had me throbbing; ready to burst.

"Ungh...oh...yes...here it comes, baby...here it comes..." I moved closer staring at her convulsing lips. "Yes...Yes...you're making me cum...yes."

Her vagina began to flood her thighs until she squealed and pulled the vibrator away, panting for breath. "Did you like that...did you? Now you. Now you come for me. Let me see you shoot. Cum on me."

I was very close. I stood up over her and pumped myself aiming my cock at her chest.

"Here's my cum, lover."

I spat ropes of cum onto her breasts. Several shots hit her face and neck. She urged me on telling me to cum all over her. When I was done, she took my cock between her soft lips and cleaned me. I knelt down and began to lick my cum off her. Holding her nipples, I pulled her breasts apart and cleaned her cleavage. I didn't swallow letting it collect in my mouth instead. Then we kissed sharing the creampie and giggling like two little kids.

"I've been wanting to do this with you. I wanted you to see what I look like when I cum like this. I wanted you to cum on me. I like being dirty with you. You make me feel so free...so wanton."

We were just like little kids playing. That's what our sex was like. One night, we covered each other in chocolate sauce and whipped cream. One day, we fucked outside on my lanai. Everyday seemed like a new adventure. Did I say that we laughed a lot?

Please don't misunderstand me. It wasn't always sex. It was just being with each other. I began to feel protective toward her. We were becoming partners and savoring each moment. We had interesting intellectual conversations, too...about politics, books, ideas, etc. I liked to touch her casually; each tough brought a sensual kiss. It was soon obvious that we were a great fit.

I think I should digress a moment and relate an experience that happened a few weeks ago. (I never shared this event with Leez before. She is reading about it here for the first time.) Now you know that this old hippie is all about peace and love. I do not get overly physical nor do I ever get violent. I think the last time I hit someone was in fourth grade. Also, I am not comfortable around racists or bigots. I have no time for stupid. Unfortunately, living in Florida can test one's limits. This state is plenty weird. Did you know that if you die in Florida, they let you continue to drive. Oh, Florida really ain't so bad, it's just the people.

One of my neighbor's is one of these morons and I keep my distance from him. He acts like some kind of tough guy. He walks with a cocky 'gangsta' swagger even though he's way too old to play that role effectively. He just comes off like a jerk. Sadly, there is little if anything upstairs. Anyway, one day I am carrying my garbage to the dumpster when he arrives with his garbage as I am leaving. I was glad that I hadn't seen him sooner because had we walked to the dumpster together, he never would have been able to carry the conversation that far.

"I see you got a ladyfriend, Ray. She sure is a fine purty n*****r." He was smiling at me. This was his way of bonding, I suppose, he was talking to me as if we were buddies.

"What did you just say?"

"You heard me. What's the matter, you don't like you own kind? You into whores?"

Instinctively, I reacted. "Watch your mouth, Lucas. Don't you ever say something like that to me. You watch yourself."

"Oh, Mr. Tough Guy...standing up for your dark meat, are you?"

I remembered what an old friend once told me. He was a professional hockey player and a star, at that. He once told me that in a hockey fight, you hit the opponent in the nose first so that it breaks and bleeds like a fountain. Even if you're getting the shit kicked out of you, the fans in the top tier think you're winning because they can clearly see all the blood on the other guys face and all over the ice. In an instant, my fist broke Lukas's nose and he fell to the ground. I laid an uppercut into his chin and that was all she wrote. I stared down at him and told him never to speak to me again, I told him to stay away from me and that if he ever approached me again, I would call the police and press charges for assault. Since that day, whenever I see him, he hides from me, like behind a car, which suits me fine. You don't say things like that to me or anyone else. Period.

That night, Leez wondered why my knuckles were bruised and I made up a story. She didn't have to know that her old hippie had such a violent reactive side, especially where it came to her. In fact, I didn't know that either but I didn't dwell upon it. I did what I did and that's that. I'm not proud of it but maybe I am. One thing that I was determined to do was enjoy my time with Leez and avoid any downers.

Another day, we were lying out on the beach, stretched under the warm sun. We were both stoned and a little drunk from a little too much of the red grape. We were just being casual with each other.

"I've read your online stories, Ray."

"Great! So what did you think?"

"I liked them a lot. Some made me cum so hard, my hands were sore. They are very hot."

"Which one did you like the best?"

"Oh, there are a bunch. "Thong" was beautiful and so soulful. "Gail and Gina..." made me cry. "My First Bisexual Couple" is so hot, I've reread it a few times and fingered myself every time. Same thing with "I Love This Beach" and "Small World..." I loved your friend Lora's "First Time Bi..." confession. Did all those things really happen?"

"Yes. Those are all scenes from my life. I write them so I never forget the details."

"I want to share an experience with you. I want us to do something kinky together. I want to share my secret with you. I want you to watch me with another woman. How do we go about making this happen? I'd prefer to have an experience with strangers...people we'll never see again."

"Let me think on it, darlin'."

The next day, I composed an ad and placed it CraigsList. I stated that my girlfriend and I were seeking a bisexual couple for a one-time nsa frolic. I placed several specific demands and requested photos. If the response didn't address my demands, I would not respond. I was placing an ad to fulfill my girl's fantasy. If you were interested, fine if not, or if you had your own set of demands, well, then see ya. Within a few hours, I had five legitimate responses from among all the pros, hustlers and spammers. That night I showed them to Leez.

She was fascinated by the responses I selected. She commented on the pictures and read over each response a few times. One couple in particular caught her attention, Abby and Ben. They were tourists from Chicago on a trip along the Gulf Coast to Key West and then up the Atlantic Coast to Miami before returning home. They were both bisexual and uninhibited people, intelligent and weed friendly. Their pictures told the rest of the story. Both good-looking and with good bodies, the wife's nude showed large breasts, a tight ass and a shaved twat. His picture showed rippled abs and large curcumcized penis. If I'm seven inches, this guy was nine or ten.

"Let's meet them."

I emailed back and took some naked pictures of us which I attached. They responded quickly and we made plans for dinner in Sarasota the next night.

Soon after that, we went to bed and as usual, were insatiable. Leez, who likes to chatter while we fuck, said things like, "Will you watch me while I go down on her? I'll be watching you. I want to see you suck his big cock..." and "Do you think either of us can get that thing into our mouths?" Exhausted, we collapsed. She had an early shift and when I awoke she was already gone. She texted me during the day telling me how excited she was.

As we drove to the Columbia Restaurant on St. Armand's Circle, Leez was nervous with anticipation. I tried to calm her but it seemed in vain so I gave up and let her go through whatever she had to do, blabbering away. As we walked through the door of the restaurant, we saw our couple already seated and drinking. They didn't look as good as their pictures. Both had chubbed up a bit. Still, Abby had an impressive set of knockers spilling from her cleavage. We sat down and ordered wine. Our conversation was polite and discreetly quiet. Immediately, I detected an odd dynamic between them. He was very talkative, very aggressive and also, a bit crass. She, on the other hand, seemed mousy and, as I sensed by her pout, not all that happy to be there. I began to ask some questions.

"So, you have done this before?"

"Oh yeah," said Ben with a bit of bravado.

"And you, Abby?"

"No, this is my first time. We've talked a lot about this. Ben wants this."

"And you don't. I can see that."

Ben quickly jumped in before Abby could respond. "But there are some rules we like to lay down."

I was annoyed. "Like what? Leez and I are not big on rules."

"First off, you can touch me but I will not reciprocate with you. Abby will do what I want her to do. That's our scene."

Abby looked away, somewhat embarrassed.

"That is not what I specified in my ad, I thought we agreed to that."

"Yeah, well, if you want to play with us that's how it is.

"This is a bit much to take in. Will you excuse us? Leez and I would like to discuss this."

I got up from the table and took Leez's hand as we strolled out onto the street.

"Leez, let's get the hell out of here. Ben is creeping me out and it seems obvious that Abby doesn't want to do this. I think this whole thing is merely Ben's way of getting to have sex with you...fucking you in front of his wife. He's using her to get to you."

"Yes, I agree, Ray. This guy is very unappealing to me. She seems cute but it bothers me that they don't look like their pictures. That they lied about that."

"I doubt Abby ever saw those pictures he sent or even the response. This was all new to her."

Unless we're all into the same thing, it can't be any good. He's an asshole. So what do we do now?"

"We walk to our car and drive away. Let's stop at CasAntica and have a meal. If we stay here, we'll both throw up."

And that's exactly what we did. Neither of us looked back nor cared what they thought. Fortunately, our Italian meal was sublime. When we returned to my apartment, a scathing email was waiting for us; Ben was off the hook angry. It was all about how we made him feel. He only mentioned Abby in passing. I didn't bother to respond and blocked any future emails from him.

Leez was a little disappointed that it didn't work out but I reminded her that we had other couples to reconsider and that this happens. I also suggested that we don't rush into anything and let our decision wait a few days. She thought that it might be a good idea if we asked a few more questions to see if both partners were equally enthusiastic about meeting on our terms, a very good idea.

The next day, Sunday, was a short day for Leez but she seemed very exhausted as she entered the apartment. She found me furiously typing away. This time, I broke from my writing quickly.

"I don't like anything I've done today. What say we head down to the beach, smoke a bone and lay out for a while. I'm in the mood for barbeque tonight, how 'bout you?"

"I love it, Ray. You read my mind. I feel like a washrag and I'd love to veg out for a while."

A half hour later, we were stretched out on a blanket taking in the rays. Since it was midweek, the tourist population was sparse and the beach was mostly one long vacant expanse of sand. Leez looked fabulous in her tiny two-piece. She felt terrific, too, as I oiled her body.

"How come you never do that to me, Bobby?"

I looked up to see a tall woman standing in front of us berating her husband but in a joking way. She seemed to be needling him.

"Come on, Shel. I'm sorry but I forgot to bring any lotion."

Smiling, I tossed him the bottle. They both laughed. Bobby spread their blanket down next to us as Shel crawled onto it. Both Leez and I looked at each other and chuckled.

"Make sure you do a good job, Bobby. Don't miss any spots." Leez needled him.

Both of us were taken by Shel's body. She was tall and thin, her features soft with affecting dimples. Her blonde hair danced along her shoulders and framed her pale blue eyes; I was reminded of a young Cheryl Tiegs. For all we knew, she was a model for the Sports Illustrated Bathing Suit issue. She was on her stomach and her butt was small and shapely. Bobby untied her bra and began to rub oil into her skin.

"Slow down, handsome. You're missing some spots. Over here!"

She raised up on her elbows and pointed to her shoulders and neck. When she rose up, her breasts revealed themselves to be lovely little globes with pale pink nipples. Leez turned to me and whispered a small moan into my ear. I completely understood where she was coming from.

While Bobby rubbed her, I saw that he was in buff shape. He, too, could be a model.

"You guys live here?"

"Yes. How 'bout you?"

No. We came down from Long Island for a wedding yesterday. Today, we're soaking up this beautiful beach."

"Long Island? Where 'bouts? I moved down here from out on the East End, The South Fork."

"We live in Cold Spring Harbor. The Hamptons are one of our favorite destinations. That is, when we can get Granny to watch the kids."

"You have kids? Gee, Shel, you have some body for a mother." Leez was quite impressed."

"Two, a boy and a girl. I work out a lot to stay in shape so I can continue to do the occasional job."

"What do you do?"

"Bobby and I are both models and bit-part actors. For steady money, we own a landscaping design company."

"I'm not surprised that you are models. You two look fabulous."

"You two look pretty good yourselves."

"Nice of you to be so polite. Care for some of this?" I waved the joint at them before lighting up.

"You bet! Thanks. We have a small block of hash back at our place."

"Oooh, hash! I haven't had that in quite a while."

For the next hour, we got looser and looser. Our conversation was interesting and sometimes even a bit seductive with little teases between long laughter. Watching Bobby oil up Shel gave me an erection that was difficult to conceal. I noticed that Bobby's bathing suit was also tenting. Neither of us did anything to conceal this fact. I also noticed that Leez had a nice big wet spot on her crotch. She did nothing to conceal it either which both of our new friends seem to appreciate.

It was coming on toward evening and a light breeze picked up. I stood up.

"I'm kind of hungry, Leez. How 'bout you?"

"Dinner sounds like a great idea," said Shel.

"Any good places around here?" asked Bobby. "Our wedding was at The Sandbar and that place was pretty good. But are there any other good joints around here?"

"I'm thinking barbeque and one of the best places for that is Mr. Bones, up the road on Anna Maria. For fancier, I like The Waterfront on the bay side of Anna Maria. For real casual, The Rod and Reel, which is at the end of a pier, is another great place."

"The Rod and Reel sounds interesting. I saw it sticking out into Tampa Bay. Someone at the wedding suggested it, too. It's not that far from the house we've rented. Would you care to join us?"

"We would love to," Leez quickly chimed in.

"Great. What say we shower and change and meet you there in an hour? Why not meet at our place?"

As we got into the car to return to the apartment, Leez said to me, "Let me have your hand."

She placed it over her wet mound and smiled.

"Yes, I noticed that earlier. They sure are a sexy couple."

"I second that. They both really turned me on. Do you think...?"

"I don't know but I did pick up a vibe from them. We'll see. You know, luck happens..."

After showering, we changed into casual shorts and shorts, perfectly acceptable at The Rod and Reel. Leez's shirt had a deep cleavage. She looked very, very sexy. Soon, we drove up under the carport on their gulf-side rental, a cozy little cottage with a surrounding deck one flight up.

Shel greeted us at the door. She looked even sexier than in her bikini. It was obvious that she was braless by the nipples poking against her pink v-neck tee.

"Bobby will be out in a minute. I swear, it takes him so long to get ready! Let's go have some drinks on the deck?"

We sat and admired the soon setting sun as she served us martinis, some cheeses and an assortment of crackers. Bobby joined us.

"I see that Shelly has prepared a pitcher of her perfect martinis. I filled this bowl, too." He handed the glass pipe to me. "Be careful how you draw, it will blow up in your lungs."

"Sure. It's been many years since I've tasted hashish but I remember that rule." I looked into the pipe at the small brown chunks. I sniffed it's perfumy aroma. Then I put my finger over the hole in the side of the pipe and lit it, gently toking it in. The scent and taste brought back all those long-forgotten memories. I held it in as long as I could before exhaling through my nose. "Aaaaah." And then I began to cough. "The cough that refreshes!"

I passed the bowl around and the others coughed as well, but with smiles on their faces. The hash worked quickly.

"We'd better not do more now, we do have dinner plans, you know." Bobby set the pipe down on a table. I thought that everyone seemed to have big smiles wrapped around their heads.
