 Alan was a pocket protector-wearing virgin nerd who cherishes playing videogames two weeks ago. When Monday morning came along and school was about to begin, he was still a pocket protector-wearing nerd who loves to play videogames but a virgin no longer and the entire school knew his secret. Apparently, some of his schoolmates saw the webcam show he did last Friday with the busty Wilcox Sisters and the hardcore sex scene went viral. There wasn't a pair of eyes that wasn't drawn to Alan as he walked the hallways to get from class to class. A lot of the popular students and jockeys still didn't like him while many of his smart, bookworm peers envied and praised him as a God and wanted to know how they could get their dicks bigger. Alan was quite shocked when a few of the male staff members came up to him and asked him questions about the webcam video and how to lengthy their penises. But importantly, girls were starting to notice him, or at least tried to get a sneak peak of his hung junk.

"Hey Alan. Over here."

Alan heard the whispering of a raspy voice from across a classroom. He looked over and saw the Student Council President Harper leaning from outside the classroom door. They had never really spoken to each other, other than the occasional hi. Alan found her to be quite attractive as she bared a striking resemblance to actress Chloe Moretz but with jet-black hair, a nice pair of orange-sized tits and a petite little butt. Her sense of fashion consisted of ankle-length skirts and turtlenecks.

"Hey, Alan... You got a minute?" Harper whispered again.

"Sure," he replied queerly.

He walked over to the door and bypassed Harper. To his complete surprise, she wasn't alone. Sitting in the first row of desks were her best friends; Fern, Kelsey, and Charlotte. Alan cracked a goofy smile towards the three girls as their eyes followed him to the teacher's desk.

"What's up with them? And more importantly, why am I here?" he questioned Harper.

"Well, you see Alan, we stumbled upon your naughty homemade video and we were quite... literally... shocked," Charlotte replied.

Alan was taken back by the fact that shy and quiet Charlotte would ever view porn. She was a pimply-faced comic book nerd who stood 5'10 with dirty blonde hair and had a pleasantly plump figure, primarily giant breasts and large prominent nipples that were making Alan's cock twitch in his trousers.

"Um, what about the video?" he nervously asked with the knowledge that his cock was rising in front of them.

"We discovered that you're very well-endowed," Harper reiterated.

"You could say that..."

"Can you show it to us. Your penis, I mean," Kelsey asked straight forward.

Alan looked at Kelsey with an embarrassing smile and a rather medium-sized bulge in his trousers. Kelsey was a plain jane who dressed like the school's librarian, complete with large oval glasses and light-brown hair tied in a bun. Underneath her white blouse and black vest were a pair of grapefruit-sized titties she kept tightly obscured. The bulge in Alan's pants began growing again and the girls quickly took notice.

"OH my GOD! He's growing a fucking boner right in front of us!" yelled Fern.

Alan's boner kept growing as he looked over at Fern and smiled brazenly. She was a cute foreign exchange student from Canada with a punk-rock look. She had dark brown eyes, black and brown wavy hair and wore a lip-ring. She wore a black tank top that molded over her melon-sized knockers that formed a nice canyon of cleavage Alan couldn't pry his horny eyes away from. It was all but enough to have Alan's huge cock at full mass.

"OH CHRIST, GOOD HEAVENS, LORD FUCKING JESUS!" shouted Fern.

"OH MY!" gasped Harper.

"That's one seriously big penis!" observed Kelsey.

"Wow! That's incredibly large," Charlotte spoke softly. 

"Now is a better time than any to explain why you were summon here..." said Harper, as she broke out of her trance. "I guess seeing is believing and I think we all believe that you are the one."

"The one?" Alan asked, not attempting to cover up his massive erection tenting through his skinny trousers. 

"We don't want to be virgins anymore after prom," Kelsey announced.

"The four of us have been friends since grade school. We made a pack four years ago before entering high school as freshmen that we wouldn't leave high school virgins anymore," Charlotte followed up.

"We know we're not the most desirable women around which made it hard for us to have boyfriends, or maintain one in Harper's case but since the rest of us aren't good with boys, we decided that one guy and one guy alone would be chosen to deflower us as a group," said Fern. 

"So after seeing your "video" and your incredible stamina among other incredible things, we have all come to the conclusion that we want you to do the honors of deflowering us," stated Harper. "Please, turn us into full pledge women by dawn on prom night."

Shock with utter disbelief, Alan was put in an awkward and tough position by these unpopular girls. He saw the look on their sad, pitiful faces and immediately came to his decision.

"Of course. I will be happy to," he accepted. Pre-cum oozed inside his underwear knowing what awaited him come prom night. 

The girls cheered and applauded in unison just as the bell for the next class rung. 

"Awesome. We're still going to prom of course but with no dates, so be at my house around 9 and before you leave, you might want to take care of that thing," Harper said before leaving the classroom with the rest of the girls. "And be sure to save plenty of semen for us on prom night. It's going to be a long night."

Alan stood alone in the classroom still in disbelief as to what just transpired. His trance was broken by the painful throbbing of his dick. He waited inside the empty classroom until the coast was clear. He took tips from his Call of Duty videogame and stealthy made his way to the men's bathroom. Once inside, Alan made his way to the farthest stall. Before he could jerk himself off, he immediately heard footsteps entering the bathroom.

"I know your in here dweeb, so you might as well come out," spouted a familiar voice.

"Melanie?" Alan guessed as he shouted from the lock stall.

"Live and in color bitch and I brought a friend with me," Melanie revealed. "So get your skinny pasty ass out here so we can see that huge delicious dick."

Alan emerged from the stall and straight away his eyes darted towards the humongous pair of prodigious gazongas that belonged to an unrecognizable yet pretty face that stood alongside homely Melanie. They looked quite lopsided on the young girl's lean frame and a great deal larger than Melanie's while crowded inside a thin cotton white tank top. Alan noticed the tremendously endowed girl possibly had on two bras as a beige colored strap and a pink colored strap were in partial view from underneath the straps of her tank top.

"Alan can't seem to hide his excitement," teased Melanie, as the swollen bulge in his jeans got fuller and thicker. "Oh Alan, this is Jasmine, my bitch. She goes to our rival high school."

Alan's trance on Jasmine's oversized funbags was broken by Melanie's shocking comments. His underwear was grossly filled with pre-spunk. Deep in his mind, Alan wondered why would a hot Argentina-American girl with butterscotch skin, dark brown eyes with a black French braid at shoulder length, and possessed a remarkable waist to hip ratio with bigger-than-her-own-head sized boobs, could possibly see in Melanie besides her huge boobs? 

"You didn't tell me you were gay, Mel," an extremely horny Alan muttered out.

"We're both bisexual, dufus," Melanie corrected him. Jasmine giggled and nodded in agreement. "Now we both want some of that dick of yours, so lets find a nice spot so we can take care of your massive problem."

"Why don't we go out to the woods. I got a couple of blankets in my car," said Jasmine.

"Good idea babe," Melanie agree, as she reached behind Jasmine and squeezed a good handful of her supple ass while planting a big juicy kiss on her lips. "She still taste like my pussy."

Alan's dick and brain was on full overload. He followed Melanie and Jasmine to the car, got the two blankets and headed out to a secluded spot in the woods behind the school. Once they got the blankets set up, Alan was the first to strip naked, exposing his enormous, bobbing veiny erected cock to Jasmine's eyes for the first time.

"Oh shit!" yelped Jasmine. "Look at the size of that thing. Looks like a fucking billy-club with pool balls attached."

"My thoughts, exactly," Melanie agreed. "Who knew this scrawny ass dweeb had a huge penis and fat balls. Just wait until you feel that beast inside you."

"Don't know if I want to..." she said a bit frighten.

"Don't worry babe. It'll hurt a few times but trust me, it's well worth enduring the pain," Melanie assured her girlfriend. "Get in position, dweeb."

Alan laid down on the blankets on his back with his huge erection jutting towards the sky as the two lovers made their way over to him. Melanie seized his swelling cock and started massaging it while pressing her lips against his. She was a sloppy kisser and stuck her tongue inside his mouth. Jasmine sat on her knees and watched.

"I want to see her tits," Alan moaned in between Melanie's sloppy assault on his mouth.

Jasmine had no objections and lifted her thin tank top over her head, exposing her two, mountainous butterscotch-creamy breasts that were vigorously encased behind two ill-fitted bras. Her womanly flesh spilled out from the tops and armpit holes. The bras only purposed were to compress and miniaturize the ridiculously abundant amount of flesh she had been growing since her preteens.

"Just wait until you see those giant fucking whoppers! I got lost in them for days," Melanie teased, as she continuously stroked his stiff fat cock up and down, rubbing his overflowing pre-cum all over his shaft.

Alan tried his best to focus on Jasmine preparing to release her mammoth hooters while Melanie's huge tits were smashed against his chest and her hand steadily tugged and jerked on his large meaty tool. Jasmine softly giggled and smiled as she pulled both sturdy bra straps off her shoulders that were bruised from lugging around such a weighty chest. Alan deeply groaned as his eyes bulged from their sockets when Jasmine dropped both enormous bras at her feet. Breasts surged everywhere as two heavy, behemoth, and disproportionate bell-shaped jugs sloped outwards and down her chest to her waistline. They were thickest at the bottoms, bulbous and spherical with puffy, oversized chocolate-colored areolas, and tiny, round nipples that were barely visible even erected. Her tits rivaled milk-laden Charley, he thought. He stared longingly at Jasmine's udders, wanting to cum so badly as his cock arched in Melanie's grasp.

"Look at them enormous, fucking titties. I bet you can't wait to get your head loss in those. Get your nice, big hard cock loss in those. Can you believe she's only 18 and wears a fucking J cup? And I bet those bad boys are still growing," Melanie teased Alan, as she massaged the swollen head of his hard throbbing dick.

Jasmine reached down and gathered her humongous jugs in her hands, jiggled and bounced them as she was quite pleased with the look of lust on Alan's face. She continued undressing, removing her combat boots and baggy camouflage pants. Alan watched every swinging motion her heavy massive tits made. Jasmine stood in front of him and Melanie in her blue thong panties and crew socks. 

Alan moaned as Melanie ferociously mouthed his hard cock. He recalled how sloppy she sucked him off last time and she was doing more of the same this time. Large amounts of saliva poured from her sucking mouth as she savored his enormous shaft between her big lips. Melanie lapped up the salty pre-cum she had smeared all over his cock minutes ago.

"Are you going to let her have all the fun," a horny Alan moaned to Jasmine. She shyly nodded her head no and approached him with her titanic tits swaying and bobbing invitingly. She hovered her chest over his head, dangling her monstrous plump twins directly in his face.

Alan cupped what he could of her overflowing soft jugs in his hands and held them as he sucked, nibbled, and licked every moisturized inch of her oscillating flesh bags. He didn't care about finding her nipples to nurse on as he hungrily gobbled whatever part of her breasts his mouth descended upon. He even thoroughly licked under both titanic jugs where they formed on her chest. Eventually, he found her little teats and he gave them each a thorough sucking and licking to their maximum hardness. Jasmine to let out a guttural moan and her panties became increasing wet. Alan's loud moans were muffled by the few pounds of tit flesh between his lips as Melanie's mouth swallowed half of his stiff cock. She felt the head pushing the back of her throat and continued sucking with long, swooping motions.

Alan felt one of Jasmine's free hands cradled his fat wetly balls and began groping and squeezing them.

"Come take over keeping his big dick nice and wet while I get naked," said Melanie, dragging her fat lips off Alan's turgid cock and stood up.

Alan was most disappointed when Jasmine pulled her mammoth tits from his face but he was soon pleased with her sensual mouth moving up and down his long wet shaft and the feel of her colossal titties resting his thigh. He reached down and pulled at her rock-hard wet nubs as she sucked his huge dick down her willowy throat. He watched with lust as Melanie got undressed, revealing those caramel-colored, teardrop-shaped pendulous knockers with their large conical nipples and her bald pussy. Alan noticed her enormous nipples were no longer pierced. After Melanie had gotten completely naked, she laid next to Alan and took his mouth into hers. She plopped her huge breasts on his chest with a thud and Alan felt his breath get knocked out of him. He took his roaming hands grudgingly off Jasmine's J cups and began playing with Melanie's F cups. He encircled one enormous fat tit with both hands and brought it up to his face. He lapped his tongue exhaustively at her huge nipple and saucer areola. Her eyes began rolling into the back of her head.

"Oh fuck yeah! Suck my titties! Oh yeah, fucking huge cocked dweeb! Suck my fat titties!" Melanie cried out, seizing the back of Alan's head and pushing his face deep into her boob, smothering his face in an avalanche of softness.

He then felt his throbbing member being smothered in an inundation of softness as Jasmine flopped her gigantic breasts on either side of his cock, burying it and began bouncing them up and down. She couldn't get much of a rhythm due to her tiny hands barely able to cradle her humongous boobs as they overflowed her palms and bounced out of her hands frequently.

"Fuck that cock with those huge titties, babe! Ohhhhh yeah! Bounce them suckers up and down on that beautiful huge cock!" Melanie egged Jasmine on.

Alan felt himself on the verge of exploding and although he couldn't see what was happening to his tool, Jasmine's udders felt so full, heavy and soft against his stiff dick. He moved his hands down and clutched the outsides of her fat jugs in an effort to help her contain them while they clumsily flopped and bounced on his hard cock. Her warm fun bags were squeezed tighter around his cock with four pairs of hands holding on them. With his face smothered and engulfed in Melanie's deep crayon of cleavage and his big cock being mercilessly pummeled by a pair of immeasurable tits, Alan submitted to pleasure and unloaded rope after rope after rope of enormous wads of his sticky, hot spunk between Jasmine's immense tits. The blast of gooey cum was powerful enough to shoot up from between her massive melons and plaster her face and neck.

"Fuck yeah!" shouted Melanie. "Look at that geyser! He got you real good, babe. You look fucking hot all soaked in his cum."

Jasmine let her cum-covered twins drag off his thighs and onto the blanket. Melanie released Alan's face from her breast trap, crawled over to Jasmine and licked his cum off her face and from around her neck before moving towards her hanging flesh bags and greedily slurping off his cum.

"He taste so delicious," moaned Melanie.

Melanie finished licking the cum off her girlfriend's ponderous mounds of pleasure and then shared the cum with Jasmine with a sloppy kiss. It was one of the hottest yet disturbing things Alan had ever witnessed and it got his cock stiffening again.

"Looks like he's ready for another round," commented Jasmine, as she finished swallowing a mouthful of Alan's semen.

Both girls positioned themselves between Alan's legs and stooped their mouths down onto his massive dick. This was the first time he had ever felt a dueling blowjob and it was one of the best feeling in the world. His cock meat was large, hard and thick enough to please both of their hungry mouths. They alternated between sucking his cock and huge balls. He repeatedly felt both girls sharing his fat testicles, one in each mouth. Their tongues dueling over his hairless fat sack while his cock discharged several wads of pre-cum. The girls tasted his hot cum as it dribbled to his balls. Both girls went as far as licking the area beneath his balls close to his anus which send Alan roaring with moans. They resumed sucking his big lengthen cock, furiously sliding their mouths up and down on opposite sides of his veiny, meaty shaft and meeting at the bulbous, crimson head of his extremely swollen member. They kissed wet and wild with his dickhead in between and used their tongues to stroke his dickhead and in one another's mouth. Alan had his eyes closed with his mouth hung open, speechless and breathing heavy. This was an immense sensation unlike anything he ever felt before and felt himself on the verge of cumming.

Before Alan could submit to pleasure from several minutes of an intense double blowjob, Melanie and her girlfriend each held one of their giant breast with both hands and rubbed their nipples up and down his throbbing wet shaft. Alan repeatedly moaned in the purest of ecstasy as he felt the hard, rubbery nipples of both girls dragging up and down and all around his meaty pole. They probed from the tip of his fat dickhead to the bottom of his hanging balls. Both girls slumped their ginormous heavy knockers on his thighs and nested his hard cock in between. His thighs and crotch were completely hidden underneath their immense globes of womanly flesh. They jiggled, bounced and oscillated their mammoth tits all over his rock-hard member and it drove Alan insane. His huge cock was completely engulfed and smothered in their abundant heap of softness. Then Melanie and Jasmine took turns titty-fucking his swollen cock while the other sucked on the big, crimson-colored head of his cock as it poked up between the gorge of undulating and sweaty cleavage. 

Alan felt the impending doom of his dick ready to donate massive swarms of cum all over their boobs and faces. The girls sense him stiffening up and saw the faraway stare in his eyes.

"I think someone is ready to cum again," teased Melanie. "Rather than cumming on my face, I want you to feel me up with as much nut juice as your fat balls can produce in a single orgasm, fuckwad."

Melanie stood up as Jasmine backed away and turned around with her back facing him. Alan could see the swelling sides of her giant fun bags. She slowly lowered her dribbling-wet cunt onto his huge slobbery cock and filled her pussy up as much as possible with his cock.

"I lied Jazzy," Melanie moaned. "You'll never get used to having this huge fucking thing inside you. OHHH GOD!"

A felt inches of his painfully aching cock was left outside of her pussy as she planted both of her bare feet on either side of his thighs. Alan's hands clutched her waist as she began bouncing and pouncing up and down his tool. Melanie leaned over forwards to allow her hanging jugs to flop and roll against her quivering thighs with each bounce.
