 I recently had an experience that changed my way of looking at the world… My current work allows me a great deal of free time. I spend as much of it as possible sailing in and around the San Francisco Bay on a 40 foot sailboat. I enjoy the freedom of sailing and have made many good friends where ever I go. One evening last month, I was coming back in through the Golden Gate after a great day of sailing, when I noticed another boat that appeared to be in distress. 

I could see in the dim light that there were two people aboard that they were trying to prevent their older 30 foot sailboat from drifting into the rocks just east of the bridge. I managed to called out to them on the VHF radio and discovered that they had encountered engine trouble and were very grateful for any assistance that I could offer. They introduced themselves over the radio as Amanda and Rolf. Rolf thanked me profusely for even being willing to risk my safety to help them. I was able to get near enough to them with my boat to throw them a heavy dock line that they tied to the bow of their boat. This enabled me to tow them out of harm’s way and through the rough currents that flow through the mouth of the San Francisco Bay. 

I called them again on the radio and asked them where they would like to be towed. They explained that they were just arriving from the Seattle area and did not have arrangements to stay in any marina as yet. I told them that I could tow them back to the marina where I keep my boat and help them find something there. Within an hour, we had them tied up safely on a open dock right near my boat. The couple turned out to be boyfriend and girlfriend. Amanda was an attractive blonde with a wide smile and a great figure in her late 20’s while Rolf was dark-haired with a muscular build in his early 20’s. 

I invited them both over to get dried off and to have a drink to relax after their unplanned adventure. They gratefully accepted my offer of hospitality and their eyes sparkled when I handed them each a strong tequila on the rocks. We sat in the warm comfort of my boat and I listened to their story about sailing down the coast from Seattle. Again, Rolf thanked me several times for helping them out of such a tough situation. I told them that I was happy to help and continued asking them questions about their journey and plans in the future. We continued to refresh our drinks several times and all of us were getting warm and very comfortable. Amanda removed her sweatshirt to display a beautiful pair of bra-less breasts that were lightly covered by a white blouse. 

While the tequila was doing it’s part on all of us, Rolf decided that he had to thank me once again and asked what could he ever do to repay me for my kindness. In an off-color effort to be funny, I just told him that in order to truly repay me he would have to give me a blowjob, so let’s just call it “even” and forget it. With that comment, the two of them looked at each other with big beaming smiles and I realized that I must have said the magic word or something. With no delay at all, Amanda removed her blouse to give me an unfiltered view of her erect nipples adorning her large round breasts. She walked over to me and knelt down in front of me and began removing my belt and trousers. 

I’m pretty sure that my 7 ½” cock was at full attention long before she had my boxers down around my ankles. Amanda grabbed the base of my cock with both of her hands and slowly lowered her mouth over my waiting cock until her nose was touching my pubic hair. My entire body was frozen as I watched her perform her fellatio mastery on my engorged pole. She would stop for a moment and then looked up at me with her brown eyes and asked me if I enjoyed her sucking me. I was just able to mutter a very week “it’s wonderful” before she lowered her mouth on my cock and started to go up and down on my hard cock more rapidly. I had been so caught up with Amanda’s blowjob that I hadn’t noticed Rolf undressing… He was sitting across from us totally naked stroking his slightly smaller hard cock. 

As I was watching Amanda on my cock and Rolf stroking his meat, I suddenly felt the surge in my balls and my body began to tremble. Amanda immediately pulled my cock out and held it about 2 inches in front of her open mouth. Although I didn’t need much help, she used her hand to finish jacking me off. Several long strings of cum went shooting out of my cock with more force than I have ever seen before. The first two loads went right into her waiting mouth, while the third and fourth spurts got her cheek and forehead. She smiled at me and then swallowed some of my cum and then let the rest just run down her chin. At that point I just layed there in sort of a paralyzed state and then was amazed to watch Rolf come over to us and French kiss her with all of my hot cum in her mouth and all over her face. Amazingly, he smiled at me and then just leaned over and put his mouth over my still hard prick and cleaned every last drop of remaining cum. I have never had a guy suck my cock before, but the whole moment was really incredible. I found myself getting hornier than I have ever been in my life. He continued to passionately suck my cock for a few minutes until it was certain that I was ready for action once again.  I sat there pretty much dumbfounded having never been even interested in a gay sexual encounter, to wondering if I would get a chance to suck Rolf’s beautiful cock before the night was over. Little did I know that Amanda already had plans to insure that I got my wish.  

Amanda pushed Rolf away and began to caress me and stroke my cock. She told me that she wanted me to eat her dripping pussy. I was very happy to oblige her, so she spread her legs and put them up on my shoulders while I knelt in front of her and wildly sucked at her clit and fucked her with my tongue with everything I had. She must have enjoyed my style, because she had two orgasms before she said she wanted to have my rock-hard cock in her pussy. As I started to move her into position, she stopped me and said that it would be unfair to fuck her until after I have sucked Rolf’s waiting cock. For reasons that I will never understand, I was so ready to suck Rolf’s cock that as I sat on the floor, I pulled him towards me so that his cock was right at the level of my mouth. Amanda was also on the floor continuing to suck my cock as I lined up to give head to Rolf. 

I gently took his cock into my hungry lips and felt the soft head. I swirled my tongue around his head and then the shaft and could feel him getting larger in my mouth. It tasted so good… and I was so overwhelmed with the feeling of having this guy’s stiff cock in my mouth. I held my hands on his ass cheeks and pulled his cock in and out of my mouth over and over. I stopped for a while to lick his balls and put his entire scrotum in mouth just to get the sensation. I returned to fucking my mouth with his cock by pulling him towards me. All of a sudden I could feel his legs tremble. He started to cum, so I just held my grip around his cock with my lips. His hot load shot all the way to the back of my throat. Although I swallowed what I could, Rolf came with such a force that some of it spilled out of my mouth and right on Amanda’s face below me. The taste was salty and sweet at the same time and added to the erotic moment.

As soon as I finished sucking Rolf ‘s dick clean, I was ready to fulfill my plans to fuck Amanda. She turned around and got on all fours in front of me so that I had a perfect view of her dripping wet pussy. Rolf climbed underneath her to lick her pussy while I fucked her. I started off slowly and made sure that we had a good rhythm and then waited for her cue. Rolf was able to lick my balls as I fucked Amanda which only added excitement to the whole experience. All of a sudden, Amanda reached back with one hand and dug her fingernails into my side to let me know that she was ready for a hard and fast fuck. I gave her everything I could as Rolf continued to suck on her clit with my balls dragging over his forehead. Amanda came two or three times in succession and then finally I could feel my pressure building in my balls. Just as I was about to cum, I pulled out and shot my load all over Amanda’s pussy and Rolf’s face as he continued to lick her clit. 

We all collapsed in a pile of shear exhaustion and talked about our mutual enjoyment and my new found interest in sucking cocks…

To be continued.