 This week had been most unforgettable for Alan. He got an indecent proposal from a small group of anti-socially awkward senior girls wanting him to take their virginities on prom night, followed by a raunchy threesome with his reformed bully Melanie and her hot, Argentina titanic-breasted girlfriend Jasmine, but nothing compared to being invited to an exclusive senior party on Saturday. Alan brimmed with geeky glee as he couldn't believe he got invited to his first, non-family party. What made the invitation more mind-blowing was the fact that he got invited by the hottest senior girl in school, Harmony Webber. The gorgeous, hazel-eyed, 5'2 brunette was head of the senior variety cheerleading squad and never once paid any attention to him until word got around about his enormous penis. She approached Alan Friday and asked him right after he got his huge stiff knob cleaned by Melanie in the custodian's closet. Alan wasn't going to turn down the invitation to this exclusive senior party, even if he got invited for all the wrong reasons. Harmony informed him that the party started at 9 and Alan promised he would be there with bells on.

Saturday couldn't have arrived any faster for Alan. He showed up to Harmony's well structured brick house 5 minutes before the party commence. He noticed no other cars had arrived yet. He thought it was odd considering the party was to start in 5 minutes. He rung the doorbell and Harmony answered in a red satin see-thru robe that was tied around her waist and stopped short at her smooth, tanned thighs. She was naked from her legs down to her pretty, well-manicured tiny feet. Alan's first instinct was to have a panic attack as he got his first glimpse of Harmony's medium-sized, banana-shaped breasts. They were greatly smaller than all of the girls Alan had messed with but they were a good handful, obtruding from her chest, and jiggling just with her breathing.

"Come on in," she invited with a smile.

Alan walked in and tried to ignore the fact that she was naked beneath her robe.

"So, where is everybody?" he nervously asked.

"Well, you know, the real party doesn't start until late night," she informed him. "Say, since you're here, could you help me pick something out to wear. I couldn't decide seeing how this will be the biggest and most exclusive senior party I've ever thrown. Just follow me."

Alan smiled shyly and followed Harmony upstairs. Her robe barely came down and covered her ass and the meaty, tanned cheeks were virtually falling out of her skimpy red panties. Alan took deep breaths to remain focus and not allow his other head to take charge. His shaft slowly started to stiffen upon Harmony opening the door. He followed Harmony into her princess like bedroom and she indicated for him to sit down on her soft, queen-sized bed. She stood in front of him with a puzzling look on her face.

"Well, before I show you my options, do you think I'm fat?" she randomly asked and dropped her satin robe at her bare feet.

Alan wheezed repeatedly as he soaked in the mesmerizing sight of Harmony's delicious, hourglass tanned body with her ski-sloped breasts. The large pink areolas at the ends of each breasts were puffy and pink, covered in bumps and her nipples were sunk into them. Her waist was slender and her stomach was flat, no doubt from many abs exercises and only made her boobs seem that much bigger.

"Judging from your reaction, I'll take that as a no," she devilishly grinned, eyeing the enlarging bulge in his jeans.

Harmony kneeled in between Alan's legs and sat on her heels. She placed her hand directly on his steel-hard shaft that strained painfully under his slacks.

"Oh my! Can't wait to see this with my own two eyes," Harmony moaned, as she quickly unfastened and unzipped his pants. His enormous dick sprang up from his groin, fully erected and throbbing crimson.

"Jesus fuck!" she loudly grasped. "I've watched and masturbated the cam video of you fucking the Wilcox sisters over and over and over again and I still couldn't believe the size of your fantastic dick. I needed to see if for myself. The webcam doesn't do it justice. It's as beautiful as I've imagined and more."

Without waiting any further, Harmony dropped her face into his musky crotch and covered most of his fat cock with her hot, talented mouth. Alan moaned restlessly as the hottest girl in school was sucking him sloppy and wet with her mouth. She bobbed her head up and down his lengthy shaft feverishly, gorging on as much of his meaty cock she could possibly fit in her mouth. Her gorgeous face was turning black and blue as she refused to come up for air. She slipped one of her hands into his underwear and massaged his huge balls, rolling and squeezing them in her palm. Her other hand slithered up inside his Spiderman tee-shirt and tweaked his nipples. 

The erotica stimulation of having his cock thoroughly sucked, balls groped and squeezed, and nipples tweaked and pinched went on for a good few minutes, sending Alan's body into overload. He felt himself on the verge of blowing a massive load but then, Harmony pulled back and stood up.

"Finish taking off your clothes. I want that big dick inside me. I want you to fuck my brains out," she ordered.

This was a surreal like fantasy coming true, Alan thought as he kicked off his shoes, threw off his tee-shirt, and pulled both his jeans and underwear down in a single swoop. Harmony pushed him back onto the bed in just his socks, crawled up over him, and looked him directly in the face. She grabbed his giant dick and rubbed it against the silky fabric of her skimpy panties. Alan felt how extremely wet her cunt had become. She parted the front of her panties and lowered her hot, wet pussy down on his pulsing shaft with her bare feet planted on either side of his thighs.

Bar none, this was the greatest moment of ecstasy Alan had ever experienced. While he has had his fair share of pussy over the last two weeks, none of those girls, including Jasmine, were as hot and picturesque as Harmony. He was living every nerd's fantasy of fucking a hot cheerleader. His hands had a firm grip on her lovely, heart-shaped ass while she grinded on his crotch and thighs. He heard her gasping for air being beleaguered by the sheer thickness and length of his raw cock as it completely stretched and filled her drenched pussy. Slowly, Harmony started sliding her drippy pussy up and down his incredibly hard shaft. Alan watched in absolute delight as her ski-slope titties jiggled and bounced around on her chest in circular motions. She had the smallest pair of breasts out of his previous sex partners but their ballistic movements were salacious. He cranked his neck up a bit and felt them smacking him in the face. He began sucking on them greedily as he fucked her pussy in earnest. He had a good portion of one of her breasts in his mouth and ran his tongue repeatedly over her large bumpy areola. He wiggled the tip of his tongue against her sunk nipple and it jolted up hard between his lips and he gave it a thorough sucking. He repeated the same oral assault on her other breast and kept alternating between her boobs. Alan grip got tighter on her ass cheeks, lifting her up and down his throbbing member as he feasted on her undulating boobs and hard nipples. 

Alan continually shot his hips up and pushed his angry-red cock balls-deep as it could go inside her pussy. Harmony was thrust into multiple orgasms from having her tits sucked and pussy fucked hard. She had never felt a cock so huge inside and she has had more than her fair share of dick. She couldn't remember the last time a guy ever give her so much pleasure and made her orgasm at least once. She had faked having orgasms so many times with past men so such a out of this world feeling she had surging through her petite body was uncommon.

"OH,OH, OH, Yeah! FUCK ME! FUCK ME HARDERRRRR! OH Yeah!" moaned Harmony.

Alan increased his speed and intensity, slamming his fat horse cock into her and sucking her bouncing tits for all she's worth as her orgasms surged through. Alan then flipped Harmony onto her back with his cock still lodged in her pussy and crashed his sweat-soaked body on top of her equally sweaty body. He drove his huge, thick tool into her drenched cunt like a man possessed, hard and fast, his huge balls thumping on the bottom of her ass. Her soft tits pitched and rolled against his chest and her bare feet flailed in the air as he furiously pounded her. Alan knew he had to take full advantage of fucking a hot cheerleader whom never once knowledge his existence, let alone just say hi. Not only was he was fucking the shit out of her sweet pussy for himself, he felt he had to for every nerd who only dreamed about fucking the head cheerleader. He relentlessly slammed her into the mattress causing the headboard to thud against her wall and objects on her vanity set to vibrate from the rocking.

"I'm going to cum, I'm going to cum... I'M CUMMMMMING!" Harmony shouted.

Alan slowed down a bit, thrusting down into her with long, hard drives and savored the warm fluid of her pussy cum bathing his cock and balls. She locked her athletic legs around his waist and the heels of her bare feet bounced off Alan's trembling ass as he continued to fuck her pussy. It tighten and convulsed around his dick. Alan was in pure heaven making this slutty cheerleader cum several times on his cock. She locked lips with Alan in a hot passionate kiss while moaning uncontrollably in his mouth. Alan began power fucking her like a real jackhammer. She was seemingly being conquered by orgasm after orgasm and Alan was right there with her.

"I'm gonna cum!" he moaned.

With the strength she had left in her fatigued sweaty body, Harmony pushed Alan off her and positioned her face leveled at his cock, slick and dripping in her cunt juices. She grabbed his wet cock with both hands and gave it a couple of strokes before Alan erupted in deep grunts and blasted his first enormous hot load of spunk all over her face. Harmony began moaning too, receiving shot after shot after shot of Alan's filthy hot longings on her beautiful face. She moved his immense cock around so every bit of her face was plaster with his gooey nut juice. As Alan's orgasm subsided, she took his dick into her mouth and sucked whatever was left in his bulging balls and swallowed it. Alan looked down at Harmony's face and it resembled a glaze donut. From ear to ear, her face was covered in his cum.

"Damn, that was a good shower," she said excitedly.

Harmony took Alan's dick and used it to wipe the cum off her face, then cleaned his cock off with her tongue. Alan moaned deeply just as the doorbell rung.

"Well Alan, it seems our party guests have arrived and I guarantee you, this will be one party you won't forget," Harmony said with a smile.

"Shouldn't we be getting dressed for this party?" Alan nervously asked.

"For this type of party, you don't need clothes, boy," she hastily responded.

"Huh? What do you mean?" he asked.

"You're about to find out," she replied with a devilishly grin and groped his flaccid private parts.

"Hey bitch! Hope you didn't get the party started without us," Alan heard a female voice shout.

"Whoa! Who's that?" panicked Alan, as he hoped off the bed and quickly scrambled for his clothes.

"Hey! I told you, you don't need clothes for this party. Now drop them and follow me," she ordered.

Alan sighed and dropped his clothes. He tried using his hands to cover his enormous swinging cock in a failed attempt. He followed a butt naked Harmony downstairs and stopped in his tracks in front of a pair of doors. Harmony slid the doors open and Alan nearly went insane. Sitting in the den was the entire high school senior cheerleading squad; Missy, Terra, McKenzie, Santana, Latoya, and Jocelyn. In turn, the cheerleaders let out a collective gasp as their eyes darted directly towards Alan's huge naked hanging penis as it bobbed between his legs.

"Holy mother of God," spouted Missy, the second in command.

"Dammmmmmmn! That thing looks longer than my forearm," commented Terra.

"He's more hung than most black guys I know," said Latoya. "Fuck it, he's the most hung guy I've ever seen."

"It is kind of cute, though," complimented McKenzie.

"Wow! How many pussies have you annihilated with that beast?" Santana asked.

"So gross! I am so grossed out you guys, but at the same time, I can't stop looking at it," Jocelyn spoke fascinated.

"Well Jocelyn, I hope you do a little bit more than just looking at it or else your going to lose your turn," said Harmony.

Alan was still rocked pretty hard by this sudden ambush, no doubt thought-out by Harmony and started to blush red from embarrassment.

"No need to be embarrassment, boy. You should be proud that every girl in this room wants a piece of this enormous thing," Harmony said, as she reached over and stroked his hard cock. "Ladies, I must say, Alan here is a fantastic fuck! I can't remember the last time any guy ever give me as many orgasms as Alan, let alone one. Tonight, he's all ours and I bet he has plenty of cum stored in those great big balls of his for all of us. So let's get this party started!"

The girls giggled, cheered, and applauded for what was in store for the rest of the night and Alan stood in silence with a huge goofy grin on his face, enormous cock fully erected in Harmony's hand and feeling like he had just died and gone to pussy heaven. He couldn't believe what was about to transpire between him and the entire high school senior cheerleading squad. While they were all hot in their own rights, Alan never really considered any of the cheerleaders his type with the exception of two. His ideal of a perfect woman didn't matter to them since they only dated and fucked meat-headed jocks. 

The hostess of this event led horny Alan to the couch by his massive rock-hard dick and they both sat down. Harmony continued to idly stroke his fat cock as the two of them watched her cheerleading squad assemble in a line. They all wore their high school cheerleading attire.

"Ladies. Clothes off please," Harmony instructed.

Missy, the second in commander, walked over to the stereo and turned on some music. She began doing an erotic dance and taking off her clothes like a professional stripper. Alan knew this wasn't her first rodeo as Missy was deemed the biggest dick-hungry whore in school. She stood 5'4 with long ginger hair and emerald green eyes. She had medium-sized round tits that weren't as perky as Harmony's but they looked rather big on her petite body. Her pussy had a sandy-brown mound covering it. 

Next was McKenzie. Her striptease was a little bit more seductive than Missy's. She was beautiful, standing 5'6 with shoulder-length, chestnut brown hair, and hazel eyes. Her body was thin and petite with no real shape as her small, perky breasts couldn't had been no bigger than a B cup but she had a round tight ass and long legs that made up for what she lacked in the chest department and her pussy was clean-shaved. 

Terra started her striptease, as she was one of the two exceptions to Alan's type. She was a strikingly gorgeous, 5'8 blench-blond with radiant light-blue eyes. She had a lean, well-toned sensual figure with large natural double D breasts that caught Alan's attention immediately. While they certainly didn't match up to any of the girls Alan had fucked previously with the exception being Harmony, they were as perfect as big tits could be for normal standards. Full, round, perky and firm with light-pink areolas and tiny pink nipples. Alan loved the way Terra's big pear-shaped tits dangled and swayed as she bent over to remove her G-string and revealed a nicely trimmed pussy. 

Up next was the raven-haired beauty Latoya, the second exception to Alan's type. She had the biggest pair of tits out of all the cheerleaders. He was quite surprised that someone as top-heavy as Latoya would even consider being a cheerleader with huge E sized knockers and they looked even bigger on her bronze-colored, 5'2 slim figure. Her large areolas were coffee-colored and jolting from them were huge, thick eraser-nipples that made Alan's mouth water. Once her panties dropped, he got a view of Latoya's fairly large ass and bushy cunt. 

The remaining two cheerleaders, Santana and Jocelyn took a different approach on stripping and helped each other out of their cheerleading outfits. Santana was a 5'5, dark-eyed, long jet-black hair Puerto Rican hottie. Her soft, budding breasts were medium-sized and perfect for her slim figure but what set her apart from the others was her Kim Kardashian-like, thick, jutting enormous ass. It was arguably the biggest, juiciest and best ass in the whole school. Alan took it all in and her bushy cunt after she disposed her thong underwear.

The last and perhaps less desirable to Alan was Jocelyn. She was an Italian cutie with dark eyes, black hair with blond highlights that reached down mid-back. Just under 5'0, she barely had boobs but at the end of them were thick, wine-cork sized nipples. She did have terrific toned legs and her pussy was clean-shaved. After all the cheerleaders had finished undressing, they got back in line formation, completely naked with the exceptions of Latoya wearing black ankle socks and Santana wearing long, black fishnet stockings.

"All right girls, rules as follow. Each of you will draw a number with a certain position on it. You can freely give a blowjob, hand job, tit-fuck, or have him eat you, etc but you have to fuck in the position you drew. Once you cum, step aside so the next girl can go. We want to test how long poor Alan can go with all the available pussy in front of him. If he cums before your turn, then get him back up by any means," Harmony explained. "And you, silly boy. You just have to try and keep up. Think you can manage that?"

Alan nodded stupidly as his raging erection grew and grew. The cheerleaders drew their respective number with excitement and the first one up was McKenzie, the leggy chestnut brown-haired beauty. She got reserve cowgirl.

"I'm going to get your cock all nice and wet first," McKenzie announced, as she kneeled between Alan's skinny short legs and wrapped her velvety lips around his cock.

Alan gasped as McKenzie's warm mouth slide up and down his shaft. She took little by little of his meaty tool each time her mouth went down. She moaned around his cock as she attempted to deep-throat. Alan felt her velvety lips touch the base of his groin and the thick mushroom head of his cock lodged deep in the back of her throat. He and the other cheerleaders were impressed by McKenzie's incredible deep-throat skills. They could see her throat muscles working their hardest to pleasure the enormous dick that was wedged deep down. She continued moaning and humming around his cock and Alan shuddered from the sensational stimulation.

McKenzie slide her lips off his wet cock, stood up, and turned her back towards him. Alan watched her lower her leggy body down upon his dick with his legs trapped between hers. Her pussy was hot and wet by the time she was able to take it all in.

"OHHHHHH," she cried, not able to move at first. She grinded her tight ass on his groin before slowly raising and lowering herself up and down his dick.

Alan held onto McKenzie's waist as she picked up rhythm impaling herself on the biggest cock she ever fucked. The pale skin on her face was flushed and covered in sweat, her mouth hung open with guttural moans and her small titties were bouncing as she drilled herself on his huge cock.

After a few minutes, she leaned her sweaty back against Alan's chest and face and gripped the back of the couch for support. Alan started thrusting his cock up and in her cunt. His giant balls swung with wild abandonment as he fucked McKenzie hard. The other cheerleaders watched enthralled and elated at their fellow squad member being mercilessly fucked. Alan moved one hand towards her drenched pussy and the other squeezed and groped her jiggling boobs. He feverishly rubbed her thin-skinned clitoris as his massive tool plunged in and out of her cunt. The extra stimulation was all it took to drive McKenzie over the edge.
