 It took a few minutes before the letter sunk in and I realized that Sandra was gone. I could not believe, after last night she could just disappear, but as my mind came back into focus, I realized I didn't really know her. I didn't even know her last name or where she lived, or how old she was, or for that matter, if she was married. I only knew I loved her. Or did I?

I cleaned up, packed my few belongings and went down to settle my account. I paid the cashier and was heading for the parking lot, when I spotted Terry at the curb with her suit cases. As I reached her, she looked up at me and I could see she was almost in tears. She put her arms around me and started to sob. As I held her, she looked up at me and said, I'm going to miss the both of you so much." This really surprised me, as we only met two days ago.

I led Terry over to a bench. When she calmed down I told her about the letter and Sandra leaving. She was shocked. She thought we had known each other for a long time.

As we were talking, Terry's bus arrived. I asked where she was going and she replied, "Niagara, to the new job."

"Why don't I drive you there?" Came out of my mouth before I knew what I was saying. As I heard myself, it sounded good. "Have you ever gone cross country on a motorcycle?" I asked. She looked at as if I were crazy.

She thought for a few seconds and said, "no strings, right?"

"No strings." I said.

We made arrangements for the bus to take her suit cases. I picked up her over night case and my small carry-all and we headed for the parking lot. I opened the luggage carrier, removed the two helmets and loaded our cases.

It was another nice warm day and the forecast for next few days was the same. Terry was wearing blue jeans and a white blouse over a blue tube top. On her feet she wore sandals. Her hair was pulled back in a pony tail. When she released her hair to put the helmet on, it reached almost to her waist.

Having no choice, I of course, was wearing my leathers. Tight but comfortable. We took a few minutes to check the map and away we went. Terry had never been on a bike before. She had her arms around my waist. I looked down and noticed she was holding on so tight her knuckles were white. I didn't mind her close but I wanted her to be comfortable. We had a long way to go. I figured it was about 300 miles. We could make it in about seven hours, but we had a few days to kill. I asked Terry if she would like to take the long way and make it a short vacation on me. She hesitated. I assured her there were no strings and she agreed.

As we traveled up the highway, I felt Terry begin to relax and as the miles past she released her grip and leaned back on the seat rest. I could hear her humming to herself and it seemed so peaceful.

We were heading into the mountains and as the time passed it became very hot. I pulled off the road along a small brook. We took of our shoes and walked in the water, splashed and kidded around until Terry slipped and fell. She wasn't hurt but she sure was wet.

Terry took off her wet shirt and then her tube top. She wrung it out and put the shirt back on. The wet shirt did nothing to cloak her small but ample breasts with aureole darker and larger than I had ever imagined possible. I had seen her at the river and I had slept with her but I had never noticed how fascinatingly erotic Terry was until now. I was definitely attracted to her, but right now we both needed a friend more than a lover.

Terry went to the carrier and took out a small scissors from her case. She asked me to cut off the legs of her jeans so she could get some sun as we rode. I did as she asked, only wishing I could do the same with my clothes.

Back on the bike we rode till about noon and decided to stop to eat at a small outdoor stand. As I placed our order, Terry went into and Indian shop next to the stand. When the food was ready I called Terry. She came out with a bag which she handed me. I opened the bag and found Terry had bought me a pair of shorts and a vest to keep cool. I offered to pay for the clothes but she refused.

We finished up lunch and I went to find a place to change out of my leathers. I walked into the woods about twenty feet and came to a very high fence. As I was changing I heard voices from the other side and as I watched, a man and a woman, completely nude, walked by. Then another and another. I had come upon a nudist camp.

I finished dressing and went back to tell Terry. She wanted a look, so I stored my leathers in the saddle bag and we went back to the fence. We watched for a while and Terry said," lets climb the fence."

I helped Terry over and then climbed over myself. "now what?" I asked. "Take your clothes off, silly," was her reply. We disrobed quickly and hid our clothes in the brush. Then we took a stroll as if we belonged there.

We walked until we came to a building. It seemed everybody was going in and we decided to follow. After entering we found this was not a nudist camp, but a surrogate sex retreat. It's the first time I ever heard of such a place, but I wanted to know more.

On a bulletin board was a list of the days activities. We found there was a seminar about to start entitled "touch."

We entered and found a place to sit on the carpeted floor. As the room filled, people sat all around us. By the time the instructor started there must have been about a hundred people. The instructor, marge was her name, started by explaining how important touch was to a sex surrogate. While she spoke I noticed the lights were getting dimmer and soon only a spotlight remained on marge.

As I sat and listened I felt Terry's hand on my leg. I put my arm around her shoulder and as I held her, another hand was on my back, and still another in my hair. I whispered to Terry, "any thing strange happening?" Her reply was, "someone is kissing my leg and moving upward." As I listened I was receiving a class "a" blow job. Terry and I just held hands and enjoyed. I exploded with a load I thought sure would be all over the place but as the instructor completed her talk and the lights came on, everything was as before. No mess and no idea who.

We left the meeting and I could not wait to tell Terry what happened. We walked slowly back to where we hid our clothes, got dressed and climbed back over the fence.

We reached the bike and both started to talk at once. I told her to go ahead. She told me about the kisses running up her leg that finally ended at her clit and the two mouths on her breasts. She said they all had to be woman because of the very long hair and soft skin. She also told me about the cock that was placed across her lips and how she had refused to open her mouth. I told her about the blow job I received and the hands all over me, and how glad I was to be out of there. She agreed.

We got on the bike and headed up the highway. I felt as if Terry was upset. I asked her what was wrong. She just put her arms around me, gave me a hug and said nothing. I made a mental note to ask later.

We had traveled about 150 miles and it was mid afternoon when we decided to find a place to stop for the night. We were entering a place called Cooperstown, New York.

I asked Terry if she would rather stay in a hotel or motel. She reminded me we didn't have the clothes for a hotel. We checked into a holiday inn motel.

The holiday inn was not like the lodge but the room was large and clean and they had cable tv. Our room had two double beds and I could only wondered what the sleeping arrangements would be.

I asked Terry what she would like to do and she said, "lets take a walk."

We left the motel and walked a few blocks to a small shopping center. As we window shopped we came to a "Victoria Secrets" store. Terry wanted to go in alone. I reached into my pocket and handed her two hundred dollar bills and told her to surprise me. I went over to the computer store to look around. After about fifteen minutes Terry joined me carrying her purchases. She said, "lets go back and get cleaned up for dinner. I could tell she was excited about what she had purchased.

We entered the room and Terry went straight to the phone. She call for valet service to have my suit pressed. Then she asked me to take my shower first and handed me a small package. I bought you some underwear. I noticed you didn't have any on today. I smiled and went to take my shower. It felt great to get cleaned up and I was glad I had taken the razor and tooth brush from the lodge. I finished shaving and opened the package Terry had given me. Inside were three pair of underwear, if that's what you want to call them. I would call them g-strings. They were made up of a pouch, held in place by a string around my waist and up between my cheeks.

I was almost embarrassed to come out of the bathroom. I was more comfortable naked.

As I walked out of the bathroom I heard Terry whistle, and I think I blushed. She walked by me and pinched my ass as she entered the bathroom carrying her package. She turned and told to me to get dressed as soon as my clothes returned. I thought, how am I going to answer the door like this. I didn't have to. There was a valet door built through the wall.

My clothes came back about ten minutes later and I hurried to put them on. As I finished dressing, Terry came out of the bathroom fully dresses. She was so beautiful it took my breath away.

She wore a sleeveless white floor length sheath that caressed her body. The material was so light and soft that the light from the bathroom behind her filtered through the dress. My eyes followed the lines of her legs to where they were joined. The outline of her dense pubic hair left little doubt that she wore no panties and the sight of her large nipples against the dress confirmed she wore no bra.

As she moved out of the light her dress became normal again. Only we would know what the dress concealed. On her feet she wore sling backs with about a four inch heel. Her nails were painted a pale pink that matched her lipstick. The only jewelry she wore was a pair if blue stone stud earrings that matched her eyes. I would truly be envied tonight by all who saw her.

I called a cab and it was waiting in front when we came out. I asked the driver to recommend a fine restaurant and he suggested the Tivoli.

The Shovel was very elegant from the plush carpets to crystal chandeliers. As we entered, I could see heads turn as all eyes were on Terry. We were escorted to a choice table and as soon as we were seated a waiter appeared with a bottle of champagne, compliments of the management. I assumed Terry's beauty had caused this reaction, so why not enjoy it. I asked the waiter to thank the person responsible for the champagne and ask if he might join us for a drink.

The waiter returned to take our order and informed us Ms. McHUGH would join us in the lounge for an after dinner cordial. As we waited to be served I asked Terry why she was so sad this afternoon.

Terry told me about her boss, Herman. He was the person she was with at the river when I spotted them. She also told me that what she was doing with him at the river was not by choice but if she wanted to keep her job she had to cooperate. She said it was the same all through the hotel chain, but the pay was very good and being a manicurist is the only job she knew.

She told me she got upset today because for the first time she had been treated with respect by a man and she knew, soon she would be back to the same old problem at a new location.

As I listened I got madder and madder. "There must be a way out of this mess for you," I said. "Sure, that's why I play the lottery. Don't you?" I told her I would think of something.

When we finished eating, our waiter escorted us to a booth in the lounge and we were joined by Ms. McHugh, who insisted we call her Kim.

Kim moved in on my side of the booth and I realized it might not be Terry the management was interested in. As the three of us chatted the subject slowly turned to sex. I didn't know what to expect, but Terry seemed to be enjoying herself and so was I.

Our conversation lasted quite some time and when I took time to look around I found the restaurant almost empty. It was after 10.

I apologized for keeping Kim, but she suggested we continue the evening upstairs in her loft. Terry excepted for us and I asked the waiter for the check. He informed me it was taken care of. I gave him a large tip as Kim led us to her private elevator.

Kim was a small woman, only about five feet tall. She had short blond hair and blue eyes. The outfit she wore could only be described as a formal tuxedo with no shirt and a bow tie. On her feet she wore very high black pumps. Needless to say she was very appealing.

We stepped from the elevator into a completely open loft. The only enclosed area was the bathroom, containing just a toilet and sink. The tub/shower were in plain sights but beautifully enclosed with stained glass.

The furniture was chrome and glass with white leather. The front wall was glass from floor to ceiling with no visible shades or drapes, and the view overlooking the city was spectacular.

Kim called down and had coffee sent up. As we talked, I tried to understand what we were doing here.

Kim left us to use the bathroom. Terry immediately leaned over to me and whispered in my ear, "I want to make love to her." I was shocked but my reply was, "so do I."

Kim returned and switched on the sound system, filling the room with music. Terry asked if she could take a tour of the loft and Kim accompanied her through the different areas. As they reached the front window, the radio was playing an old Elvis recording of blue suede shoes. Kim and Terry started to dance. Kim knew how to move, but Terry was fabulous. When the song ended it was replaced by the platters singing "Smoke Gets In Your Eyes." I thought the ladies would sit down but Terry put her arms around Kim and they continued to dance cheek to cheek. I could feel myself getting turned on as I watched these two beautiful ladies explore each others bodies with their hands.

The music changed again and Kim came back and sat next to me on the sofa. Terry was swaying to the soft music and looking out the window. I asked Kim how she got any privacy and she told me when the lights mounted in the floor in front of the window were turned on the glass became a mirror on the outside. She reached over and turned on the lights.

The sight before us was one I had recently seen but was very happy to experience again.

Terry was between the lights and us. Kim's eyes were frozen on Terry and I could feel her tremble next to me. Terry knew what had happened. She faced us and spread her legs as far as she could, stretching her dress to it's limits. Then she started to move like a snake, running her hands up her body and through her long black hair, her eyes never leaving Kim's.

Kim was having a hard time sitting still. I looked over at her and found she had one hand inside her jacket fondling her breast and the other was on my leg, digging in with her nails. She was so turned on I could bet her panties were soaked. I wanted to find out, but as I was about to reach for her she got up and went to Terry.

Terry welcomed her with open arms. As they came together their lips met in a most passionate kiss, sending them groping at each others clothes. Terry's dress went first. As it dropped to the floor, Kim fell to her knees and buried her face in Terry's bush. Terry took Kim by the back of her head and held Kim's face tight to her as she ground her hips until I heard a gasp from Terry and she released Kim.

As Kim got to her feet I joined them and helped Kim out of her jacket and pants. She wore only a very tiny, very wet pair of panties, which she took off and handed me.

Together both ladies turned to me with a look that said, "your next."

Kim led me back to the sofa and removed my boots as Terry took my jacket and shirt. Kim pulled off my pants and I was left in my g-string. Terry was grinning from ear to ear. Kim knelt down in front of me and nibbled at my prick through the pouch, as she squeezed my balls. I could feel the orgasm coming and couldn't stop it. My juices soaked the pouch and Kim. I relaxed as Kim removed the g-string. She continued licking and sucking me until I was clean. Terry stood watching with her hands almost buried in her cunt. Kim stood and walked to Terry taking Terry's wet hands and licking them dry.

As I sat on the sofa and watched I felt myself getting hard again. Kim noticed my erection and said, "I want that cock inside me now." She walked over, turned her back to me an sat on my lap, her pussy engulfing my cock to the balls. Seeing this, Terry knelt between our legs and as we fucked I could feel her tongue on my shaft and balls. I was getting more and more uncomfortable being under Kim. I pushed her forward. Terry moved and I was now on the floor doggy style with Kim, my hand on her breasts. Her breasts were very small but her nipples were hard and very long. They were at least as long as my fingers were thick.

As I pumped her from behind, Terry slid under us and with my balls in her mouth she now had Kim's face buried in her pussy. Terry was rolling my balls around with her tongue and humming, witch felt like a vibrator. I could not believe this was happening. I've read about things like this, but this was happening to me.

I was about to get my rocks off when Kim let out a scream at the top of her lungs, and her cunt tightened around my shaft until I wanted to scream from the pain. When her scream subsided and her muscles relaxed, I could feel her juices running down my cock and I could feel Terry's tongue catching all she could. Then Kim collapsed on top of Terry with me on her back.

We all rolled apart and I knew Kim was out cold. I looked at Terry and as our eyes met we began to laugh. This had been an experience I will never forget even though I still had not dumped my load. "Terry," I said. "Race you to the shower."

The hot water felt fantastic but Terry's hand soaping me up insured my erection was not going down. I offered to shampoo her hair and she accepted gladly. She turned her back to me and I proceeded to anoint her head and work up a thick mass of bubbles. Terry turned to face me saying, "I've a better idea." She went down on her knees and took my cock, to its full length, in her mouth. This of course made her head easy to reach, but I couldn't concentrate on the shampoo. We were really getting into it when the shower door opened and Kim entered. Terry release my cock and stood as Kim moved between us. Kim ran her fingers through Terry's hair rinsing the soap and lubricating her hands. Then she reached behind her and grab my prick. As I leaned back against the wall she positioned my prick at the opening of her ass hole. She reached for the soap and covered my shaft. As she leaned back it was as if she had turned on a vacuum, sucking every inch of me deep into her bowels. Kim, moving only her hips, created short strokes to excite me, as Terry did the same with her fingers on Kim's clit and her lips on her breasts.

Kim began to move faster and faster. I could feel the reaction of Terry's stimulation building Kim to a frenzy and I was going right along with her. Kim tightened her muscles and I let out a moan as the juices started to flow in quantities I had never imagined possible. It was as if I was having multiple orgasms. Over and over. Spurt after spurt. I felt as if my legs were going to collapse. Sure as hell, they did, and I was sitting on the floor looking up the beautiful tight ass I had just left and the cum mixed with the water of the shower running down Kim' legs.

Terry and Kim had turned their efforts to one another. Each had one hand buried in the others pussy while the other hand worked on a breast. They exchange tongue filled kisses passionately, moving from lips to ears to neck and back until both ladies stiffened at the same moment, and it was over. We, all three, sat at the bottom of the shower, water cascading over us, spent.
