 Hey, folks. This is my first try. 

"I want to suck your cock." Tina was standing in front of me, wrapped in a white towel; her damp hair hung over her bare shoulders. She had wrapped the towel low enough to let me see a respectable amount of her impressive cleavage. 

Before I could so much as take another breath she dropped the towel and she was on top of me, fumbling at my belt buckle and zipper...

...Actually, hold on a minute. Let me back up a bit.

Unpredictability had always been an aspect of my job that I found refreshing. Any profession that requires providing services to the customer in-home is routinely full of surprises. Being a cable guy was no exception. Jim Carrey impersonations aside, there was a certain unpredictability to my job that your typical retail clerk or fast-food preparer would seldom encounter.

All in all, I really liked my job. It paid well for a twenty year old college drop-out. I was on the road all day, which spared me from the agony of working in the same predictable place week-in week-out. You could even say I was proud to be a cable guy. At this point in my career I was closing in on three years of experience. Not a stunning figure to be sure, but relative to my coworkers, I was practically an old pro. The only reason I bring all this up is because even though I had come to expect the unexpected, there were some things that even an old pro like me could never have seen coming.

Which brings me to Friday morning. Not only was it a gorgeous, sixty-five degree, sunny, April morning, it was my last day of work before my long awaited vacation. My itinerary for the next eleven days: absolutely nothing. Needless to say, I was pretty jazzed.

I arrived at the shop to the usual Friday morning coffee and donuts, courtesy of our supervisor. As was typical of Friday mornings, conversation was on the lighter side. Twelve cable guys in one room trying to out-do each other with stories of weird customers, awkward situations, and the occasional disgusting, gag-inducing mobile home. After a donut and some laughs, I wished everyone a good day and set off to my first stop.

The work order told me that the customer's name was Matt Morgan, so the possibility of meeting someone like Tina was the farthest thing from my mind. I pulled up in front of an old, large house which had been converted into three or four apartments and knocked on Matt Morgan's apartment door. The answer was slow in coming, but after a few more knocks, an attractive young woman opened the door. She hadn't been awake for very long, but despite her early morning look, she was a pleasant surprise. Her dark hair was pulled back and she wore sweat pants and a loose white men's t-shirt that barely allowed the curve of her breasts to show through.

"Hi," I smiled. "I'm Jason, from the cable company. You have an appointment today to turn your service on?"

She stared for a moment before a light bulb turned on upstairs. "Oh yeah!" she chirped. I totally forgot. Come in!"

She opened the door wide enough to let me pass and I stood politely just inside. "I'm so sorry I wasn't ready--God I'm a mess."

"Not a problem," I said, smiling. "It tends to happen on early appointments. But if you just want to show me where the TV's are I'll get started."

She led me to a livingroom decorated in typical college fashion, and then to two bedrooms, both of which I surmised were occupied by girls.

"There is a Matt Morgan living here, right?" I didn't want to do an hour's worth of work in the wrong apartment.

"Oh, yeah!" the woman snapped out of another morning funk. "I'm Tina, Matt's girlfriend." She extended her hand, which I shook quickly. "He's away for a couple of weeks so I'll sign the work order thingy."

"That's fine. And I'm Jason." I said just in case she had forgotten in her haze.

"I'm going to make some coffee, do you want any?" she asked.

"No, thanks," I shook my head. "I've had more than enough already."

"Ok," Tina smiled and gave me a studious glance. "So those are the TV's. Just do whatever you need to, I'll be in the kitchen."

"Thanks," I said. "I should have you turned on shortly."

Before I realized any connotations of my last statement, she giggled. "Oh I'm sure you will." She left me to my task and went back to the kitchen.

"Woops," I said to myself. "That was embarrassing."

I had been working for about ten minutes by the time I got to the TV in Tina (and Matt's) room. I was struggling to reach an outlet behind the vanity when she came into the room, coffee in hand. "Do I have time to take a shower?" she asked.

"Sure," I said. "I've got enough to keep me busy for a few."

"Ok, good," she said. Without another word, she stripped her t-shirt of right in front of me. "What's the matter? Haven't you ever seen tits before?" she giggled.

I shuffled on my feet. "Not on the job I haven't."

She hopped onto the bed and smiled up at me while I tried to resume my work. I couldn't stop glancing over at her, and I noticed her nipples were beginning to stand out.

"So do you like this job?" she asked.

She's trying to have a conversation? "Umm... uh... oh yeah. It's not bad." I stuttered.

"Bet you probably meet a lot of strange people, huh?"

"I guess you could say that."

"Oh!" Tina jumped off the bed. "I forgot about my shower." She walked toward the adjacent bathroom, smiling. Her perky breasts bounced with each step.

Tina laughed again and closed bathroom door only halfway behind her. She pulled down her sweatpants and kicked them aside, revealing pink panties. She turned toward me and smiled before closing the door and turning on the shower.

Holy shit. I just stood there gazing at the bathroom door. My cock was pushing against the confines of my jeans in noticeable fashion. I stumbled through the rest of the process on the bedroom TV while Tina showered and moved on to hook up the living room set.

"This is un-goddamn-believable," I muttered to myself as I worked. I couldn't help but to laugh. I had never seen a customer in any state of undress before, apart from one unfortunate circumstance in which an incredibly obese man answered his door in the nude. To this day the guys at the shop had not let me live that one down.

I heard the shower stop just as I was finishing up. I ran out to my van to get some paperwork and customer literature and came back in to find Tina standing in the living room.

"You know, Jason," she said. "You are definitely the cutest cable guy I've ever seen."

I blushed. "Umm... thanks. And you are definitely the best looking topless customer I've ever seen."

We both laughed a bit and I thought that I had finally gotten a handle on the situation. I was wrong.

"I want to suck your cock." Tina was standing in front of me, wrapped in a white towel; her damp hair hung over her bare shoulders. She had wrapped the towel low enough to let me see a respectable amount of her impressive cleavage. 

Before I could so much as take another breath she dropped the towel and she was on top of me, fumbling at my belt buckle and zipper. She pushed me back onto the sofa and kneeled on the floor between my legs. I felt her shower-damp hand seize my cock and pull it out of my pants. With a quick lash of her tongue on the tip of my cock she had it at full stature. I simply leaned back and watched as she stroked my cock, sucking on the head. She bobbed her head up and down on me, slurping noisily and driving me out of my mind with the hot flat of her tongue and her constant hungry sucking. Every time she brought her head down in my lap she took more of me into her mouth until she was forcing my throbbing cock down her throat.

I watched in awe as my entire cock would disappear into her mouth and rhythmically pop back out again. Tina tugged on my jeans and boxers; I lifted my ass, allowing her to pull them off, and simultaneously jamming my cock even deeper down her throat. I pulled off my shirt and tossed it on the living room floor in a heap with her towel and my pants.

Finally, Tina took me out of her mouth and I could temporarily see straight.

"You like?" she grinned mischievously.

I shivered and nodded.

"Come on," Tina took my hand and pulled me up, leading me back to her bedroom. I grabbed her around the waist and playfully tossed her onto the bed. She got on all fours, pointing her firm ass and glistening cunt at me. She looked back at me over her shoulders. A smile came across her features as I bent down to lick her pussy. She was already slick when I spread her cunt lips apart and jammed my tongue into her hole. Tina yelped as I fucked her with my tongue, greedily slurping up her wetness. I gently tickled her clit with my fingertips and she groaned loudly while I continued to suck her sweet pussy.

Quickly I parted contact and slid myself face up under her, giving her access to my cock while I returned to sucking her cunt. Tina dove onto my cock again and pushed her cunt into my face, forcing me to bury my tongue deeper into her soaking snatch. Every stroke of her lips on my cock sent a shock up my spine, causing me to buck my face against her cunt. In a matter of minutes, I felt a deep, hot churning in my balls and shot several spurts of cum into Tina's mouth, which she immediately swallowed. She was not far behind me. Not thirty seconds after she swallowed my cum, she was shaking with her own orgasm, grinding her dripping pussy into my face. I happily licked her cunt clean of her sweet juices before laying back and gasping for air.

Tina took several minutes to catch her own breath before lying beside me. "Holy Fuck!" she gasped. "I fucking needed that."

"Yeah," I said. "That was just the way to start my vacation."

Tina giggled. "Really? You're on vacation?"

I nodded. "Starting this afternoon when I finish work." I noticed that Tina had begun stroking my cock again, although now it was slippery from her saliva and my cum.

"Oh that's right," she said. "You're still on the clock. So how long do I have to wait before you come back here and fuck me?"

I kissed her for the first time, mainly to let her have a taste of her pussy. "I should be done by three or so."

"Ok." she said, suddenly rolling off the bed. "Hurry up then, I'm gonna need you to shove that cock in my pussy, so I'll be waiting at three."

I just lay there for a minute longer, trying to take it all in.

"Well, come on!" she yelled playfully, yanking on my arm. I reluctantly rolled off the bed and walked back out into the living room to put my clothes on.

"Ah!" I yelped when I left the bedroom. I found myself standing completely naked and stiff-cocked in front of another young woman. She was a little taller than Tina, but about the same age. Her hair was somewhat lighter brown, and from what I could tell, her breasts were smaller, but she was not a bit less attractive than Tina. 

"Hi there," the girl smiled at me, eyeing my erect cock.

"Um..." I stuttered.

Tina followed me into the living room, still naked as well. Her cunt and inner thighs were obviously still slick with her cum. I didn't know what to do. I was frozen. Oh fuck, I thought. I'm going to get fired, and then I'm going to be murdered by a jealous boyfriend.

"Hi Stacy," Tina said nonchalantly. "Jason, this is my roommate Stacy. Stacy, this is the cable guy with the nice cock: Jason."

"I can see that," Stacy was still gazing at my cock. Have these two ever seen a man before? I thought.

I was stirred from my catatonia when Tina slapped my bare ass. "Let's go, Jason. You wouldn't want to be late."

"He's not leaving, is he?" Stacy seemed disappointed.

"'Fraid so," Tina said. "He's got other customers waiting. But he's coming back so we can finish what we started, right Jason?"

"Um... yeah." I quickly got back into my clothes to the apparent disappointment of Stacy. After I had Tina sign the paperwork for me, I said goodbye.

"I guess I'll see you around three," I said.

"I'll be here," Tina smiled and grabbed my crotch, teasing my already hard cock.

"I'll be here too," Stacy chimed in. "You don't mind sharing do you, Tina?"

The rest of the day dragged slowly by, as if I was reading the phonebook instead of hooking up cable. I had a quick lunch by myself, rather than meet up with the guys at our regular pizza place. I told them I just wanted to get done and get home. Perhaps it was a half truth, of course, but it was all they needed to know. There was no way they would believe my newest story even if I wanted to tell them.

Eventually, though I finished my last stop of the day about fifteen minutes before three. I thought about whether or not it was actually a good idea to go back to see Tina and Stacy. Her boyfriend might show up. Or maybe she's had second thoughts about fucking the cable guy. I was a bit hesitant, but not enough to pass up the chance to cram my cock into Tina's dripping cunt. I drove back to her house and slowly walked up to her door.

Stacy opened it before I could knock. She was wearing a bikini top and a pair of short shorts. "Hi there," she said. "Cable guy?"

"That's me." I smiled and brushed by her. She made sure to let her tits rub against my arm as I did.

"You're back!" Tina ran in from the living room. She was also wearing a bikini top and a pair of short shorts. She walked over to Stacy and hugged put her arm over her shoulder. "Look, we match."

"I see that," I said.

"And you're on vacation now, aren't you?" Stacy said.

"I sure am," I smiled.

"So what are your plans?" Tina asked.

"I'm not sure yet," I shrugged. "I was hoping maybe you could help me think of something."

Tina moved toward me and put her arms around my neck, making sure to press her breasts against me firmly. "I think we might be able to come up with some kind of plan. What do you think, Stace?"

"Your boyfriend is going to be gone for how long, Tina?" Stacy asked.

"Two more weeks," Tina said.

Stacy looked at me, but continued to speak to Tina. "I think a week or so of cable guy cock is just what we need."

"Mmmm." Tina moaned. "I think you're right, Stacy. And Jason has such a nice cock, too. You should try it."

Tina unzipped my jeans and pulled my already hardening cock out. Stacy kneeled on the kitchen floor in front of me and began licking the head and shaft slowly and lightly, teasing me to a full hard-on. I reached behind Tina's neck and untied her top, and pulled it down to her waist, releasing her beautiful tits. I kissed and licked and sucked my way across the soft skin of her breasts, pausing to suck and nibble on her hard nipples. Meanwhile Stacy was beginning to hungrily suck my cock. She looked up at me as she bobbed on my shaft and sent a shiver up my back.

I slipped a hand into Tina's shorts and began rubbing her pussy through her panties. She was moist in seconds and she suggested we move to a bed. Stacy made a popping sound as she pulled my cock out of her mouth. "Yummy." She smiled and they both led me to Tina's room.

Stacy quickly stripped off what little clothing she had left and helped me out of my pants. Tina took my shirt and pushed me back to lie down on the bed. "I've had enough waiting," she moaned. She straddled my hips and in one smooth, unbelievable stroke, she impaled her soaking cunt on my rigid cock. Tina rocked and gasped as she began to rock up and down. Her pussy clenched around my cock with every burning stroke.

"Hey, what about me?" Stacy whined. "Is he good at eating pussy?"

"Sit on his face and find out, sweetie," Tina breathed. Her gorgeous tits bounced wildly as she fucked me.

Stacy hovered herself over my face and I darted my tongue into the pink folds of her pussy. She moaned out loud and gently nudged her cunt into my face. I happily licked and sucked her lips and clit, swallowing whatever I could suck out of her cunt.

"Oh, Jesus God!" Tina screamed as she rode my cock harder.

Stacy was no less fired up. "Oh! Oh! Oh!..." was all she could manage to say over and over as I fucked her tight little pussy with my tongue.

Tina's wild bucking quickly caught up with me, however and I soon found myself gasping into Stacy's cunt as I shot my cum deep into Tina's pussy.

"Oh FUCK!" Stacy screamed as she came all over my face. I licked her cunt clean while I listened to Tina have her own orgasm. She pulled herself off my cock and Stacy immediately turned around and began cleaning my and Tina's cum off my slowly receding cock. Then, to my surprise, she locked her lips on Tina's pussy and sucked as much of our juices as she could get out of Tina's cunt. The three of us collapsed on the bed in a pile of sweat, skin, and cum. Tina was fingering Stacy's pussy and occasionally licking her fingers clean, while I just lay there and breathed in deep gasps.

"Hey, don't fall asleep, Jason," Tina said. "You still need to fuck poor Stacy. She's been talking all day about how bad she wants you to stuff that cock into her pussy."

I rolled onto my side and smiled at the pair. They were now both fingering each other's cunts, feverishly.

"Wow," I said. "You two seem to be all set without me."

We all laughed.

Tina shook her head. "We do have some fun together, but there are some things that you can only get from a hard cock."

"I'm glad to oblige," I said. "But I might need you to suck me back to life here."

Tina wasted no time in pouncing on my cock again. She held my shrunken prick in her mouth and sucked in greedily while it slowly began to take shape again. Within minutes I was back up and Tina was swallowing every inch of my stiff cock. She pulled me out and told Stacy to get on her hands and knees. I kneeled behind Stacy and rested the tip of my cock in her hot, moistened slit. Her pussy was tighter than Tina's but the combination of Tina's saliva and Stacy's own cunt moisture helped me bury my cock in her pussy to the hilt. Stacy screamed and pushed her ass back to meet every stroke as I pounded her soaking wet cunt.

Tina, meanwhile, had positioned herself in front of Stacy, legs apart. Stacy happily dove into Tina's pussy, licking and sucking her clit and fucking her cunt hole with her tongue. I had a fantastic view of this show while I rammed my cock deep into Stacy's hot fuck-hole. I reached around Stacy and grabbed her tit with one hand and rubbed her clit with the other. She started cumming almost immediately and her wild thrashing brought me shortly thereafter. I yelled out loud as I shot my third load of cum that day deep into Stacy's cunt. My balls ached as they pushed ever drop into her. Our juices mixed together inside her and Tina was there to slurp my cock clean before she and Stacy sucked each other's pussies clean, both of then cumming one more time for their troubles.

"Oh, god," I gasped when I collapsed between the two girls. They giggled, happy with themselves for their days work. I fell asleep shortly afterward. The last thing I remember thinking was: this is going to be quite a vacation.