 After the number of times I had cum the day before, I didn't think I would ever get a hard-on again. But I was awakened by Tina sucking my cock eagerly, and my cock eager to be sucked. We were both still naked, and the room still carried a subtle odor of our earlier escapades. Stacy was no longer in bed with us, but I could hear the sounds of the television from the other room. Somewhere in the back of my head I wondered what time--or even what day--it was, but all thought was pushed into the background by hot sensations shooting up my spine with every stroke of her tongue on my cock. I leaned up onto my elbows to enjoy the view and saw Tina on all fours, except for the hand she was using to pump my shaft while she sucked. I gasped at the sensation and she giggled, which sent yet another spasm of pleasure up my spine.

I reached to grab her ass and pull her around and she followed my lead, throwing her left leg over my chest to present me with her glistening pussy. She somehow managed this without parting contact with my cock for more than instant and I wondered absently if she had ever been a gymnast. Actually, I only wondered for the space of time it took to lift my face to her pussy and tongue her clit gently. The strong scent of her sex filled my nostrils and I drove my tongue as far inside her as I could manage. She moaned onto my cock, sucking harder as she bucked her hips, pushing her pussy against my mouth. I lost track of time and any sense other than her mouth sucking my cock and my mouth sucking her pussy. 

Eventually Tina's mouth came off my cock with an audible pop. "I need you to fuck me again," she said between hard breaths. She rolled off me and got back on all fours with her ass pointed out over the edge of the bed. "Get over here and shove that cock in my pussy." 

It sounded every bit a command and I had no intention of disobeying. I hopped off the bed and stood behind her, with my cock resting on her ass between her round tanned buns. She rubbed her soaking wet pussy against the underside of my cock until I finally grabbed it at the base and rammed it into her in one smooth motion. The sensation erupted trough my body at the pressure of her hot wetness clenching down on my cock. Tina shouted out something inaudible that may have been "Fuck me," and I grasped her hips and fucked her pussy as hard as I could.

"Oh, Jesus fuck, yes!" Tina screamed into a pillow as she threw her body back to meet my thrusts. My cock penetrated her pussy as deeply as it would go and her wetness seeped out and ran down our legs. I could feel my orgasm building and continued thrusting until those few seconds when my cock felt like it might explode and time stopped. There was nothing in the universe but our sweat-slick bodies humping frantically against each other. After what felt like years, my cock let go and my balls pumped their load deep into Tina's pussy. She clenched her pussy around my cock and squeezed my cum and hers out of her cunt and it dripped down my legs and hers. Just as she finished milking my very last drop of cum, we collapsed together in a gasping heap of skin, limbs and cum.

"Oh my God," I said between gasps. "That was unbelievable. I don't think I've ever cum that much in my life! And the way you made your pussy..."

I couldn't finish my thought because I needed breath.

"Yeah," Tina barely managed.

We lay there panting for what must have been ten minutes before Tina rolled off the bed and strode into the bathroom adjacent to her bedroom.

"Get in here, Jason," she called. "We both stink like sex."

I smiled as I heard the sound of running water in the bathtub when Tina turned on the shower. I followed her into the bathroom to find she was already soaping her body under the steamy stream of water. I helped myself in and watched for a moment while she washed and shampooed, before slipping past her to rinse myself clean of our combined sweat and cum. I watched her rub soap over her stomach and tits, although the slight twitch from my cock would have been all I could manage for a while after the workout it had just been through.

"You have to be kidding me," Tina said. I was rinsing shampoo off my face when she said it.

"What?" I said.

"This," she said, wrapping fingers around my cock, which had somehow managed to stand again at full attention. I almost gasped when I finally managed to open my eyes.

"Holy shit," I said. "Did you sneak me a Viagra or something?"

"No," she giggled. "Well now I guess you're just going to have to fuck Stacy again, unless you don't think you've got it in you."

"After all the cum I just shot out, there can't be a drop left," I said. I added a wry grin. "But I'd be willing to try, of course."

We climbed out of the shower and toweled off. Tina wrapped herself in a bathrobe and I tried to wrap a tower around my waist despite my cock pushing the towel away from my body. I had never fucked nearly as much as this last few hours, and it was impossible to still be hard. But then again, it was hard. And besides, I certainly wasn't going to balk at an opportunity to get my cock into Stacy's pussy again.

I followed Tina out to the living room, where Stacy was sleeping in front of the television. And no wonder, as the VCR clock read just past three in the morning.

"God, I'm thirsty," Tina said, and I agreed. We both drained large glasses of water in the kitchen before returning to sit on either side of the lightly snoring Stacy, who was still naked except for a blanked on her lap. Her nipples stood out against the cool air, and her breasts rose and fell gently with her breathing. I watched as Tina slid to the floor in her bathrobe and slipped the blanked off Stacy's lap. She gently parted Stacy's knees and began noisily sucking her pussy.

"Do you always wake people up by giving them head?" I laughed.

She lifted her face from Stacy's pussy. "Do you know of a better way to be woken up?" She went back to work, and Stacy stirred slightly, and then moaned softly.

"Mmmmm... eat my pussy," Stacy murmured. "Fuck my ass."

I looked at Tina and raised an eyebrow.

Tina pulled her tongue out of Stacy's pussy. "Here. You suck her pussy. I want her to suck mine when she wakes up."

"I'm awake, Tina," Stacy said. "Someone get their tongue back in my cunt before I scream."

I traded places with Tina and licked Stacy's pussy lips slowly, each time stopping to suck her clit into my lips. The taste of her pussy was different than Tina's but no less irresistible, and I pushed my tongue inside her, tasting her wetness. I looked up to see Tina standing over Stacy, her pussy positioned right above Stacy's face. Stacy was licking and sucking Tina's pussy hungrily as I tongue-fucked her. My cock still throbbed, and I grasped it and stroked it in one hand while cupping Stacy's tit in the other, rubbing her hard little nipple with my thumb. 

My mouth stayed clamped to her pussy until I heard her say, "Jason, will you fuck me in the ass?"

I pulled my mouth away from her pussy, licking my lips clean, and Tina sat back down next to Stacy. They both sat naked, hands on each other's pussies, looking up at me, or rather looking up at my impossibly hard cock. "Sure," was all I could think to say.

"Ok, but fuck my pussy first, ok?" She hiked her butt up to the edge of the sofa and spread her legs as I knelt in front of her and positioned my cock in front of her pussy. I slowly eased my cock into her until it was buried in her soaking wet pussy. Pleasure overwhelmed me again, and I barely managed to see Tina and Stacy kiss each other, sharing to taste of Tina's pussy. I thrust my rock-hard cock in and out of Stacy's pussy until my knees ached on the floor. The ache was a distant hum to the intense, searing pleasure of Stacy's wet pussy clenching around my cock. She gasped and moaned into Tina's mouth as I fucked her, and I lost a sense of time again. All I knew was our fucking.

Eventually I withdrew my cock and pushed Stacy's legs up so her knees came up to her chest. She rolled her as up, giving me access to her pussy and her asshole. I slipped two fingers into her pussy, collecting her wetness and removed them again, only to push one of the fingers against her asshole. Tina watched as my finger inched deeper into Stacy's ass and Stacy gasped when I had it buried past the second knuckle. I pulled it back out and pushed both slick fingers into her ass even more slowly. She gasped again ass I forced her asshole wider and I buried both fingers.

"Oh, fuck, yes!" she gasped. I pushed my fingers in and out of her asshole to help her adjust to the intrusion. Her whole body writhed with her pleasure, and her breathing came in hitches and gasps.

Tina knelt beside me and took my cock into her mouth while I fingered her roommate's asshole. After a few long minutes of sucking, she popped my cock out of her mouth and guided it toward Stacy's ass. Lubed with Stacy's pussy and Tina's mouth, I pushed until I managed to fit the tip of my cock up Stacy's ass. She rocked and hollered her pleasure with every little increase of my cock into her. Pleasure rocked me as well, and I quaked with spasms of ecstasy as I slowly eased my cock deeper and deeper into her asshole. I don't know how long it took, but Stacy and I were both drenched with sweat by the time my cock was buried in her ass. I pulled out just as slowly and worked my cock back out of her until only the tip was inside her. We repeated the process, a little faster each time, while Tina would lick the exposed parts of my cock to keep up lubrication.

"Fuck, fuck, fuck, God fuck!" Stacy screamed, and I realized that I was fucking her asshole as hard as I had fucked her pussy moments before. Stacy's screams where muffled when Tina moved her pussy back over Stacy's mouth. I could feel the churning in my balls, but there was no way I was going to cum like I had before. But I was going to cum. My cock felt harder than it had ever felt in my life, and Stacy's asshole was impossibly tight. My cock finally gave way and my balls pumped my cum up Stacy's ass in several spurts. I collapsed over Stacy and Tina, my cock still filling Stacy's asshole, until finally I was spent. I pulled my cock out of Stacy's asshole slowly and Tina bent to slurp my cum off my cock, as well as off Stacy's asshole. She smiled at me and then Stacy and then swallowed my cum in one gulp.

I rolled off Stacy to let her breathe and took my time to catch my own breath.

"Oh, my fucking God, that was incredible," Stacy said when she could finally speak. "I've never cum that hard in my life."

"Me neither," I said. "I don't know how I could have any cum left."

Stacy and Tina moaned and murmured agreement and we made our way, exhausted, back to Tina's bed. It was past four in the morning now, and all I could think about was sleep. Sleep and the intense fucking I had just gone through. I nodded off, dreaming of Stacy riding my cock, and of fucking Tina's ass from behind while she leaned over... something. I was out.

By the time I made it back home on Saturday, my roommates were both awake. They were busy cleaning the house; two things which, until recently, would have seemed weird. To say that we lived in "frat-house" conditions would be putting it mildly. We all enjoyed weekend benders, and keeping the house from reflecting our favorite hobby was difficult, to say the least. The fact that they were busy cleaning could only mean one thing. Big party. And it was Saturday, so why not?

"Where the hell were you last night?" Ryan asked when I came through the kitchen door. Jack stopped scrubbing dishes to join Ryan with his own questioning stare.

"Um," I said. I shook my head. I didn't have even the slightest idea of what to tell them. "You guys probably wouldn't believe me even if I told you. What's with the sudden inspiration to keep house?"

"Subject change, nice," Jack chuckled. "We're having a party, duh. And seriously, what happened? You get stranded at some psychotic customer's house?"

I took a breath. Jack was my best friend, and he would know a lie before I even finished telling it. I had been friends with Ryan for as long as I could remember, and his bullshit-o-meter was just as well-tuned as Jack's. "I'm not sure if psychotic is exactly the word I would choose."

"Are you kidding me? What happened?" Ryan said.

"I'm telling you guys, you won't believe me," I said, "but I'll tell you after we're done making this shit-hole somewhat presentable. I assume one of you meat-heads remembered to invite some girls this time?"

"Meat-head this!" Jack said, just as he unleashed a blast of cold water from the sink's spray nozzle.

After I dried off, I helped the guys with the rest of the necessary house chores, and three hours later, we were eating subs in a clean living room, getting ready to fire up a spliff. 

"So Jason," Ryan said, passing me the joint. "You missed it last night, dude. We talked Sara and Melanie into making out."

"Bullshit," I said.

"You talked them into it," Jack put up his hands. "I had nothing to do with it."

"Yeah, but you didn't mind watching," Ryan laughed. "Oh, and Jason, they both have great tits."

I laughed and coughed around a cloud of smoke. "Tell me something I can't see for myself."

"You haven't seen them like this," Jack said.

"I'll bet it was just wonderful," I said. "But my story's better."

That caught everyone's attention well enough. I proceeded to tell them the story of my trip to Tina and Stacy's house, leaving out some of the more graphic, and frankly unbelievable, details. They all listened intently, surprise showing on every face. Jack's mouth actually dropped open and he dropped the joint in his lap.

"Fuck, Ouch!" Jack slapped at the embers in his lap, while the rest of us ridiculed him mercilessly.

"You're right," Ryan said. "I don't fucking believe you. What really happened?"

"I'm telling it straight, I swear," I said.

"So these two gorgeous women just came onto you and fucked you silly all night?" Jack said with an air of sarcasm.

"I don't know how to explain it, man," I said. "It was like they had spiked my drinks with Viagra or something."

"You're fucking serious," Ryan said.

They both looked at me, waiting for some sign that I was either joking or out of my fucking mind.

"Dead serious."

"Dude," Ryan said. "You're inviting them over."

"Yeah," Jack agreed. "We need to meet these crazy nymphos."

I stamped out the remains of the joint. "Ok, I'll call them. But you guys need to invite as many girls as you can to this thing. I don't want Tina and Stacy to be the only girls here surrounded by a bunch of lobotomized, drooling man-children trying to look down their shirts."

"That's fine by me," Jack said. "But I make no promises about not trying to look down shirts."

Ryan added his agreement and we each split up to make our separate phone calls. I figured it didn't matter who they invited, as long as they managed to get Sara and Melanie to come over. Great tits were only the beginning with those two.

Stacy answered the phone after two rings. "Hello?" she said.

"Hey, Stacy," I said. "It's Jason."

"Oh, hey!" She sounded excited to hear from me. That was a good sign.

"Hey, do you guys want to come to a party?" I said.

"What kind of party are you throwing?" she asked.

"The drink a bunch of booze, smoke a bunch of pot and act like immature college kids kind of party," I said and she giggled.

"One sec, let me ask Tina," she said. I heard a murmur of voices in the background and waited for the answer.

"She wants to know if Matt can come too," Stacy said.

Who the hell was Matt? Oh right. It was technically his apartment I had spent the night in, fucking his girlfriend and her roommate. That could change the dynamic a bit. I had a hard time believing the night was going to go as I had hoped after all. Slim chance Matt was going to be particularly thrilled about his girlfriend sucking my cock, but I couldn't say no.

"Yeah, of course," I said, hoping I sounded happy about it. "There'll be plenty of beer, but you're welcome to bring anything else you'd like."

I gave Stacy directions and she told me she couldn't wait to get me naked again, and we hung up. Well, that was a consolation at least. Even if I couldn't fuck Tina tonight, I might still be able to watch Stacy ride my cock again.

As it turned out, Jack and Ryan were successful in their quests as well, and our party was underway before I knew it. Beers were cracked, bowls were packed and music thumped, and for the thousandth time I was happy we had a house to ourselves. Ourselves and a couple dozen guests, anyway. Tina and Stacy arrived with Matt and a bottle of wine. I felt slightly awkward shaking Matt's hand when we were introduced, but he gave no sign that he might be planning my slow and painful death. In fact, he joined a game of Beirut as though he were right at home while I found a corkscrew and two glasses for Tina and Stacy. The party rambled on for two or three hours before our guests started to trickle away, and I was not exactly hammered, but not exactly sober when I came out of the bathroom to find Tina waiting for me.

"I think it's time I got to see you're bedroom," she said with a mischievous grin.

My breath caught. Was she nuts? Her boyfriend was just down the hall playing Asshole with my friends and she wanted to sneak off alone with me? I lead the way to my room immediately, closing the door behind us.

Without a word, Tina peeled off her shirt and unclasped her bra, freeing her ample breasts. As she unzipped her pants, I unbuttoned my shirt and dropped my pants and boxers to my ankles. My cock sprang up and stood out in front of me just as Tina kicked away her jeans. I didn't spend much time thinking about the fact that she hadn't been wearing underwear because before I could spend any time on the thought, she had my cock in her mouth, and her hand was pumping my shaft while she sucked. With her other hand, she fingered her pussy, and I could feel her moan with pleasure onto my cock.

"Fuck my ass," she said when she had popped my cock out of her mouth. She stood up and climbed onto my bed on all fours, presenting her ass to me. "Stick your cock in my ass."

I grasped my cock at its base and pushed the head against her asshole and she pushed back hard against me. The head of my cock barely managed to squeeze inside her and she gasped and squirmed. Slowly but firmly I pushed more of my cock up Tina's ass, and she gasped and cried out louder for me to fuck her.

"Oh my God," she said. "Oh God." Her words faded into grunts and moans and cries as I finally pushed the entire length of my cock into her asshole.

As it would happen, that was exactly when my bedroom door flew open and Matt strode in and saw me fucking his girlfriend up the ass. I froze. I didn't have the slightest idea what to do. I knew I was dead. The man was going to toss me out my own bedroom window. In pieces. What he said sent me from terrified to confused faster than I had thought possible.

"Hey, Babe," he said to Tina. "Is it good?"

"Oh God, Baby, yes it's so fucking good," Tina rasped between gulps of air. She was bucking against me, driving my cock in and out of her ass as she spoke.

"She fucks like a porn star, doesn't she, Jason?" Matt said.

I was dumbstruck, but my cock was hard as rock and Tina continued to buck against me. I grasped her hips and met her strokes with my own, fucking her ass while her boyfriend watched. Matt unbuttoned his pants and dropped them to his knees, and his enormous cock fell out in front of Tina's face. I had never seen a cock besides my own in person, but his was huge. I didn't waste any time staring at it, mainly because Tina took it into her mouth and fell to sucking him in the same rhythm she was fucking me. I abandoned myself to fucking. I drove my cock in and out of Tina's ass while her head bobbed up and down on Matt's cock. With every stroke, it felt like my cock grew inside her until finally I gave way and my balls pumped my cum deep into her ass. My vision blurred as pleasure swept over me. I pulled my cock out of her as the last spurt of cum fell between her luscious globes.
