 "Mary sucked my pussy for me on the way over here," Tina said. She arrived with Stacy and Mary and they introduced me to Frank, Mary's husband. The four of them seemed like they were ready to strip down and start fucking right there in the doorway, or even out on the porch. I wasn't thrilled to find out how my neighbors might react to an outdoor orgy, so I invited them in for a drink. Tina was wearing a man's dress shirt and almost certainly nothing else. Stacy looked delicious in a skirt and a white shirt that didn't hide her lacy black bra even a little bit. Mary managed to make jeans and a t-shirt look stunning.

"Matt can't make it?" I said.

"He'll be here a bit later," Tina said and she winked. I wasn't sure what the wink was all about. Maybe she thought I wanted him to suck my cock again. I wasn't so sure about it.

They joined Ryan, Jack and I in the living room. We had a drink and talked and laughed and danced.

Sara and Melanie let themselves in and I introduced them to Frank and Mary. They both looked fantastic in shorts and halter tops that pulled their breasts up and together.

"Can I talk to you for a sec?" Melanie touched my arm and motioned to the kitchen. I followed her out the back door and we stood on the porch.

"What's up?" I said.

"My parents are going to come to the party," she said, and blushed.

"That's great," I said. "I had a blast last night. Did Sara tell you about when we got back here?"

"Yeah," Melanie said. "She said that she had never been fucked so hard in her life. I can't believe she took all three cocks at once. I'm kind of jealous. But seriously, my parents just don't want anybody besides you and Sara to know they're my parents. So nobody freaks out if I fuck them tonight."

"Yeah," I said. "How'd things go after Sara and I left?"

"Me and my mom took turns sucking my dad's cock until he was hard again and then I fucked him. It was incredible. I'm thinking about making him stick his cock in me again tonight," she said.

"Well I hope you do, because I'd love to see it. When will they be here?"

"Should just be a few minutes."

"I didn't see Matt. Sara told me he sucked your cock the other day?"

"Yeah," I said. "Tina says he'll be here later, so we'll probably get started without him."

"Are you freaked out?" Melanie asked.

"Not really," I said. "Actually, it was fun. I mean, I was cumming, so it felt great. I was actually thinking of returning the favor tonight."

"Oooo," Melanie said. "I can't wait to see that."

We joined the others back in the living room where conversation was lively. Frank had his hand up under the shirt Tina was wearing. Mary was sitting on Jack's lap, grinding against him and he was pinching her nipples through the thin fabric of her t-shirt. Everyone was getting along just fine, it seemed.

Paul and Mindy arrived shortly and Melanie introduced them as her neighbors. Mindy gave me a kiss and then gave my ass a quick squeeze. Paul shook my hand gave Sara a long hug.

When the introductions were finished I tapped a spoon against my glass to get everyone's attention.

"Thanks everybody for coming," I said. "Does everybody have a drink? All set? Good. Ok. I just wanted go over a couple of things before we get started. Just so everyone is completely clear, does everyone know why we're here?"

"We're gonna get our fuck on," Tina yelled and we all laughed.

"That's right, we're here to fuck," I continued. "If there's anyone who is not comfortable with this, now's the time to head out, because pretty soon there's going to be a room full of naked people fucking each other's brains out."

Nobody left.

"Now as host, I'm going to declare myself Master of Ceremonies to get things started. Mary, could you do us a favor and come stand here in the middle and take that shirt off?" I motioned to a spot next to where I was standing.

Mary hopped up off Jack's lap smiling and smoothly peeled the t-shirt off, exposing her big, round and surprisingly perky tits.

"Yeah, they're fake," she said. She stood next to me in the middle of our circle and did a slow turn with her arms over her head, showing her breasts off to the room.

"They're fantastic," Frank said. "You guys should see 'em bounce when she's getting railed from behind."

"Jack," I said. "You want to come over here and suck Mary's nipples a little bit?"

Mary clapped. "Yeah, come on, Hun. Get over here and try 'em out."

Jack stood and went to stand in front of Mary and she pushed his head down to her chest where he began licking and sucking her hardened nipples.

While Jack was busy sucking Mary's tits, I looked around the room and decided who went next.

"Paul," I said. "Could you help Mel out of her top? And Melanie, could you suck Paul's cock for him?"

Melanie and Paul looked at each other wide-eyed and then smiled. Paul reached behind his daughter's neck and untied her halter and pulled the ends down, releasing her exquisite breasts. He kissed both of them and licked her nipples hard before leaning back on the sofa and unzipping his fly. He pulled out his big, thick dick and waved it around until Melanie leaned over him and licked a drop of pre-cum from the head of his rigid shaft.

The rest of us watched Melanie suck her father's cock, although only Sara, Mindy and I knew they were father and daughter.

"Ok Mary," I said. "Why don't you suck Jack's cock for a bit?"

Jack pulled his face away from Mary's tits and she knelt in front of him. He pulled his shorts down and his cock sprang up, hard and tall. Mary immediately took him into her mouth and sucked him hard. We watched the two pairs silently, hearing only the sounds of sucking and the Paul and Jack occasionally moaning.

I walked over to Tina and took her hand and led her to where Mindy was sitting, rubbing herself through her jeans. I slowly unbuttoned her shirt while she rubbed my hard-on through my pants. She was indeed naked besides.

"Tina, could you help Mindy out of her clothes and suck her pussy? In fact, you two should probably sixty-nine. I think I want to watch both of your pussies get sucked."

Tina said sure and gave my cock one more squeeze before going to work getting Mindy's shirt and bra off.

"Frank, could you get Sara out of those shorts and suck on her pussy?"

Frank obeyed. He knelt between Sara's legs and tongued her dripping pussy. Sara squeezed and rubbed her tits while Frank fucked her with his tongue.

The only people not busy where Ryan and Stacy, so I told Stacy to drop everything except her bra and panties. Stacy unzipped her skirt and slipped it down, kicking it away. Then she shucked her shirt in one smooth motion and stood in front of me.

"Now what?" she said.

"I think Ryan needs you to suck his cock for him," I said.

Ryan smiled and leaned back where he was sitting. He pulled his shorts down and Stacy knelt between his legs and gave his limp, but hardening cock a few light licks before taking him into her mouth.

I looked around the room, satisfied that the party had gotten off to a good start. My cock was an iron rod pushing out against the front of my pants. I decided it was time for me to lose some clothes myself. I unbuttoned my shirt, but left it on and took off my pants and boxer shorts. My cock stood out, big and proud in front of me, and I decided to see if I could jump in with Tina and Mindy, who were still sucking and grunting into each other's pussies.

I saw someone move past the kitchen window and went to the back door to find Matt waiting outside with two scantily clad young women. One of them I had never met. The other was Jenny.

Just a little background. I had my first everything with Jenny. My first kiss, blowjob, fuck, everything. She was beautiful. The two years since we'd last seen each other hadn't made her any less so. And I was standing in my open door in front of her, Matt and this other woman in nothing but an open shirt, my cock pointing fiercely right at them.

"Nice," Jenny said, looking right at my cock. "I see you guys have already gotten started. Nice to see you, Jase." She used my old nickname and kissed me on the cheek before slipping by me and into the house, pulling off her shirt.

"How the..." I mumbled, looking to Matt for an explanation.

"We're in some of the same classes," he said. "She came home with me and Tina a few weeks ago for some fun. We had no idea she knew you until we were on our way over here. Oh, and this is Heidi, Tina's sister."

I shook Heidi's hand and nodded. She gave my cock a little squeeze before following Jenny. I got out of the way so Matt could come in, and I shut the door.

"It's cool that I brought her, right?" Matt said.

"Oh, definitely," I said, snapping out of my stupor. "I was just blown away. I haven't seen Jenny since the summer after graduation. She looks fantastic."

"Cool, man," Matt said. "How's the party so far?"

"Not too shabby," I said. "You're going to have to get out of your clothes before you go in there, though."

"Right on," he said. Matt quickly undressed, which left us standing in the kitchen naked or practically naked. There was something about keeping the open shirt on that got me excited.

Matt took a step toward the living room. I reached out and stopped him.

"Hang on a sec," I said. I knelt on the floor in front of him and took his huge and hardening cock into my mouth.

"Hey, man," Matt said. "You don't have to, just because I did you."

I ignored him and started pumping his shaft to hardness while I sucked on the head of his cock. Once he was fully hard, and gave him one last hard suck before pulling his enormous cock out of my mouth. Up this close, the thing must have been eleven inches long.

"Now you're ready," I said. "Let's go. I'll finish you off in the living room."

Matt followed me in and we entered the sexual mayhem. Jack and Mary had moved on to a hard fuck on the floor. Mel was wiping Paul's cum off her tits and licking it off her fingers. I hoped I hadn't missed seeing them fuck. Ryan had traded places with Frank. Stacy was riding Frank's cock and Ryan was fucking Sara's pussy hard. Jenny and Heidi were helping Tina and Mindy in a bizarre, four-woman pussy-eating configuration.

I knelt back down in front of Matt and started sucking his cock again, stroking my saliva over his throbbing shaft while I sucked what portion of him I could fit in my mouth. I felt a naked body embrace me from behind and felt soft hands on my cock, and small breasts against my back. Jenny. I hadn't thought of how anyone would react to me sucking a cock, least of all Jenny. But no one raised and alarm. Jenny seemed content to stroke my cock and whisper in my ear.

"Yeah, baby," she moaned. "Suck that cock. I can't believe how big it is. Suck his cock good, baby. Make him cum in your mouth."

Jenny's hands moved faster on my throbbing cock and mine moved faster on Matt's. It didn't seem possibly that it could get harder and bigger in my mouth.

"Oh, fuck, yeah," Matt said, barely audible above the sounds of moaning, and sucking and legs slapping against legs. The room was about to explode as people neared their climaxes.

Maybe it was the thought of climaxes that set him off, but without warning, Matt started to hump his cock into my mouth and cum. He shot off spurt after spurt of hot goo into my mouth, some of which I swallowed, but most of it dribbled down my chin and onto my cock, where Jenny rubbed it in.

"Oh, yeah, baby. Swallow that cum," Jenny whispered. "Swallow that cum and then stick this big fucking dick in my pussy. I need you to fuck me hard."

Matt shook with the last spurt of cum into my mouth and I swallowed it before pulling my face off his cock. He took a seat to catch his breath and I immediately turned around and kissed Jenny, letting her share the taste of Matt's cum with me. My hands went to her breasts, pinching and pulling on her nipples while our tongues wrestled. I reached down and dragged my fingertips over her shaved pussy to find it already soaking wet.

"Turn around and bend over," I said.

Jenny obeyed, pointing her tight little ass up at me, legs spread.

"Yeah, shove that cock in me hard," I thought it was Tina, but I didn't turn around to find out who she was talking to. I grasped my slick, rock-hard cock and pushed the tip into Jenny's pussy. She gasped and moaned and pushed back against me, driving another inch or two inside her hot, clenching pussy. I pulled back out and pushed in again, going a little deeper with every stroke, until my cock was buried in her soaking wet cunt. I reached around to grab her tits while I fucked her as hard as I could. 

I finally looked up to see Paul easing his cock into Melanie's pussy. He was sitting and she faced away from him, toward Jenny and I, so I watching her ride her father's cock, breasts heaving as she fucked him. I continued to slam my cock into Jenny's pussy, and she started to gasp and moan and cum. She squeezed my cock with her pussy and shuddered and wailed as she came. She pulled herself off my cock and turned around, taking my pussy-soaked cock into her mouth. She sucked me while I watched Paul and Melanie fuck until I finally started to spurt my cum down Jenny's throat. I spasmed with each long shot and Jenny swallowed what she could.

Someone shouted that she was cumming and I heard a grunt and gasp that sounded like Jack filling Mary's pussy with cum. Ryan and Frank had switched partners again, and one at a time, they came. Ryan shot his cum onto Stacy's tits and Frank let his deep into Sara's pussy. Heidi was lowering her pussy onto Frank's face, even as he was gasping to catch his breath from his orgasm. Matt's cock was hard again, and he was easing the massive thing into Mindy's pussy, soaking wet from Tina's sucking. Tina came over and knelt beside Jenny and licked up the cum that Jenny hadn't swallowed and sucked my softening cock until it was raging hard again.

"My sister needs a good hard fucking," Tina said. "Heidi, come over here so Jason can fuck you."

Heidi pulled her pussy off of Frank's face and joined us on the floor, stepping over the sweaty, panting forms of Jack and Mary. She lay on her back and spread her legs, slowly fingering her wet pussy.

"Jason," she whined. "Will you please come here and fuck my brains out?"

"Hold on," Tina said, and lay, face down on top of her sister, legs spread, tits pressed together. "Ok, now fuck us both."

I shrugged and smiled and pushed my cock downward and pushed it into Heidi's pussy. After a few strokes, I pulled it out and rammed it into her sister's cunt. They were both dripping wet and I continued to ram my cock into one pussy, then the other. I don't know exactly where they learned this trick, but they somehow pushed their pussies together and I fucked the tight, wet space between them, my cock rubbing against both of their clits. I fucked them hard and shot another load of cum onto their pussies while they humped together, moaning and cumming.

"That was crazy," I said. "Where do you come up with this stuff, Tina?"

"I have a devious mind," she said between deep breaths.

The room was filled with panting, naked bodies and the smell of pussy and cum. I went to the kitchen to get another drink. Ryan was standing naked at the sink, having just finished draining a glass of water.

"Dude," he said.

"Yeah," I said.

"No, dude," he pointed out the window over the sink. "Look."

I followed his gaze out the window and past the fence that separated our yard from that of the house behind us. Three young women were standing on the deck beside the pool all dressed in bikinis. Well, mostly. One of the girls held her bikini pressed against her breasts, having already untied it. We heard a voice that we couldn't see calling from the pool for them to hurry up and take it off already. No clothes in the pool. Naturally.

"It seems the neighbors are having some fun of their own," I said. I recognized one of the girls as the neighbor's daughter, Heather, or maybe it was Amber. She was the one holding her top on and blushing. She pushed her generous breasts up against her chest, deciding whether or not to obey the voice from the pool. Ryan and I had only been staring for four or five seconds before she tossed her top onto the deck and quickly slipped her bottoms down over her long, tanned legs. Her breasts were almost white against the rest of her tanned body, as well as the triangle that had been covered by her bathing suit. I didn't have long to enjoy the view before she dove into the pool and disappeared behind the fence.

Emboldened by their friend, the other two girls quickly stripped off their suits and followed her into the pool.

"Dude," Ryan said. "That was awesome."

"I'm going over there," I said.

"To do what?" Ryan turned an incredulous look to me. "Bring them back to the party?"

"Yep," I said and slapped him across the back and went back to living room, where everyone was still recovering. Jack and Heidi were the only people doing anything besides catching their breath or having a drink. Heidi sat on Jack's while he tongued and sucked her nipples. I noticed her grinding her hips and saw that she had two of Jack's fingers in her pussy. It wouldn't be long before things got interesting again.

"Does anyone object to more company?" I asked the group.

Nobody objected.

I needed to bring one of the women with me to my neighbor's pool party and I had already decided on Mindy. She was gorgeous, elegant, and uninhibited.

"Mindy, could you come with me?" I asked.

"Sure, Jason," she said. She stood and walked to kiss her husband and daughter before joining me and we headed to the back door.

"Hey, Numb-nuts," Ryan called after me. He was still looking out the window, hoping to see one of the naked women in the pool, as if he had forgotten that there were eight naked women already in the house.

"Yeah?" I turned back.

"Are you going to maybe put some fucking pants on?" he chuckled as realization dawned on my face, that I had almost marched over to my neighbor's house in nothing but my birthday suit.

"Right," I said. "Good thinking."

Mindy poked me in the ribs and laughed along with us. "Should I get dressed, too, honey?"

"Yeah," I said. "But you probably didn't bring a bathing suit, right?"

Mindy shook her head.

"Ok, just put your underwear back on and I'll get you a towel." Mindy went back to the living room to collect her bra and panties while I found my own bathing suit and two towels. Jenny was waiting when I came out of the bathroom.

"Are you pissed that I fucked Matt?" were the first words out of her mouth.

"Why would I be pissed?" I asked. "Or did you miss the part where I fucked his girlfriend and her sister at the same time?"

"Yeah, ok, so we both changed in the last couple of years I guess," she said.

"Look," I said, slipping a hand around her slim, naked waist and pulling her against me. "I'm really glad you came tonight. I hope you'll still be here when I get back, and tomorrow we can do some catching up, all by ourselves." As I said this, I slipped a hand between her legs, and gently nudged the tip of my middle finger between the slick lips of her pussy.

"Sounds good to me," she said. She kissed me then, her tongue flashed into my mouth and we stood that way for several breathless seconds. I felt my cock begin to push out against her before we finally parted. We returned to the living room, where Mindy was waiting, dressed in her bra and panties. Jenny sat down between Frank and Jack and gave me an evil smile before grabbing both of their cocks.

I handed a towel to Mindy and we walked out the back door and across the yard, listening to the splashing and laughing from the pool on the other side of the fence. The sun had not yet set, and we could see the occasional spray of someone kicking in the water. I led Mindy to the end of the fence, where it met with the bushes that served as a barrier between the pool and the neighbors to the right. We slipped through and into the yard and I strode, more confidently than I felt, to the pool. I wished I had remembered to bring drinks.
