 This is an attempt to have the title of the series start to make sense again, at least nominally. If you're squeamish about mixing just a little guy-on-guy stuff into your group sex casserole, then maybe this one (along with most of my other stories) is not for you. 

Starting with chapter one is recommended, but not required. We're all adults here. As are all the characters in this story, of course.

-MM

*****

"I'm going to need your help on a service call this afternoon," Joe said.

I looked at him without really registering what he had said. The morning had dawned with steady rain, and pulling myself out of bed after the weekend's exertions had not been easy. I had thought when Joe asked me to accompany him to his office, it was to be balled out about showing up ten minutes late, and I had been steeling myself for a good thrashing.

"Earth to Jason," Joe said. "Are you with me, sport? Jesus, what the hell did you do on your vacation?"

"Yeah, sorry," I shook my head and tried to stifle a yawn. "Parties at my house mostly. Crazy ones."

"Enjoy it while it lasts," he said. "But I want you there on this service call. This customer is... demanding. And you're smart, thorough, and dedicated."

I looked at Joe with a raised eyebrow. "A compliment? Are you sure you're alright?"

"Smart-ass," Joe said. "Call me after your lunch break, and I'll tell you where to meet me."

By lunch time, I was soaked to the bone and cranky. As were the customers at both of my morning stops. They complained about my wet boots. They complained about the price of cable. They complained about their lousy kids. I muttered under my breath whenever I was working outside, safely out of ear-shot, while rain pummeled my rain gear as it cascaded off the edge of their roofs. 

I was relieved to take my lunch break in my favorite diner, a hot bowl of chowder steaming in front of me. As I ate and read a paperback, the rain gradually slowed, and the dour mood of the morning began to slowly ebb away. By the time I arrived at Joe's specified address, there were even small breaks of sun in the dark, churning chaos of the clouded sky.

Joe's truck was empty, so when no one answered the door of the stately Victorian-style house, I called his cell phone.

"Yeah, Joe," I said when he answered. "I'm outside. Do you need anything from the truck?"

"Nah," he said. There was a long pause. "Just bring your tool belt with the usual stuff. Come right in and up the stairs on your right. Second room on the left."

Joe ended the call, and I tried the thumb latch on the heavy front door. The door creaked open, and the sound echoed through the big house. The lower level was shadowed deeply from the dark of the day, as well as the drawn curtains. The hard wood floors creaked obscenely under every step and I almost cried out loud when the wind pulled the door shut, ripping the inner nob out of my hand and shaking the entire house when it slammed.

I shook my head and cursed myself for jumping at shadows and took the stairs two at a time. The long hallway revealed more doorways than seemed possible, the second on the left was open, and lit well enough with the pale daylight that some of it spilled into the hallway. I moved toward the light and away from the shadows in the other doorways.

I turned into the room and stopped just inside the doorway. There was Joe, my supervisor, standing with his pants and underwear down around his ankles. A woman in her underwear was sucking his big cock.

"Jesus," I said.

Joe looked up and the woman turned toward me, but not before I heard her pop Joe's cock out of her mouth.

"It's about fucking time," the woman said. "I thought you told me he was your best."

"He is," Joe said. Joe looked at me with more comfort than I would have been able to muster in his position. He was standing there with his cock standing out hard and proud in front of him with a coworker, a subordinate, in the room with him. "Jason, this is Mrs. Harrison. You need to do whatever she tells you, okay?"

"I um," I said. Jesus Fucking Christ. I stood their and looked back and forth between the woman and Joe.

The woman was admittedly very attractive. It was hard to gauge her height, given that she was on her knees, but her curves were generous and supple. Her underwear was more decorative than functional. The black thong left both of her round white ass cheeks bare to my view, and she was turned toward me enough to make out the swell of her tits as they threatened to spill out of her shear black lace bra.

"Stop your staring and pull your fucking cock out," Mrs. Harrison said.

I looked at Joe one more time, and he nodded.

"Don't look at him," Mrs. Harrison said icily. "I'm giving the orders here, and for some fucking reason, I still don't see your cock."

If she noticed the growing bulge in my pants, she didn't comment. But leaving my tool belt on, I walked toward her and unzipped my fly. I stopped when I was close enough for her to reach around my legs while I fished my growing member out of my pants and let it dangle in front of her face.

"That is a nice one, Joe," Mrs. Harrison said. "You certainly picked the right man for the job." The she grabbed my cock and stuffed it into her mouth, sucking it as it continued to grow to its full size. I'd have to ask Joe later how he could possibly have had enough knowledge to assure Mrs. Harrison that I would be the "right man for the job."

Joe slowly stroked his cock and watched Mrs. Harrison suck me to full hardness. His cock was almost as big as mine, which made it the biggest I had seen other than my own or Matt's since my wild sex vacation had begun. Mrs. Harrison grabbed his shaft and jacked him while she tried to stuff my cock down her throat. I couldn't suppress my gasp of pleasure.

"You like how I suck this big beautiful cock?" Mrs. Harrison cooed after she had pulled her face off of me. She held my shaft in her hand and worked her fist up and down its length while she returned to sucking Joe's cock. She switched back and forth, thoroughly coating both of our cocks with her saliva. She gagged on our rods and spat on us when she backed off. The front of my pants were starting to get wet from her work.

Holding both of our cocks, and looking up at me, Mrs. Harrison said, "Now you two are going to fuck me. You're going to fuck me hard. You're going to fuck me rough. You're going to use me like your little fuck-slut, and after you've fucked all of my holes, you're both going to cum all over my face."

"I don't think we have a completion code for this type of service call, Joe," I joked.

Joe chuckled, but he quickly stopped and grabbed Mrs. Harrison's hair and stuffed his cock back in her mouth. "Yeah, that's it," he growled. "Suck my fucking cock."

Mrs. Harrison moaned onto Joe's cock as he roughly pulled her head onto him, and she gagged as his prick bottomed out against the back of her throat, but Joe held her there, with her nose pressed up against his pubic hair. A glurk sound escaped from Mrs. Harrison's throat as he finally let her pull away, and she quickly turned and dove onto my cock instead. Joe pushed her down until my cock was stuffed into her throat and I fucked her face for a few short strokes before Joe pulled her away again.

While Mrs. Harrison frantically sucked Joe's cock, I knelt down beside her and slipped one hand down the front of her underwear, through a small tuft of pubic hair, and into the slick, wet cleft of her pussy.

"So fucking wet," I husked in her ear. "You like sucking these cocks, don't you?" I sank a finger into Mrs. Harrison's pussy and she groaned onto Joe's cock. I added a second finger, and fucked her sopping cunt while Joe fucked her mouth. With my other hand, I unhooked the closure on her bra, and her big tits spilled out of the confining cups. Mrs. Harrison tossed her bra away and I stood back up just in time for her to close her lips around the head of my cock and begin pumping my shaft in her hand. Joe pulled her thong down over her hips and down to her knees before pointing the shiny wet head of his cock between her pussy lips and sank into her from behind. Mrs. Harrison howled onto my cock at his invading girth, but she didn't stop sucking me as Joe began to fill her pussy with his thick prick.

I took a handful of Mrs. Harrison's hair and forced her face farther down onto my cock. I began to fuck her face while Joe fucked her pussy. Mrs. Harrison wailed and grunted as we filled her with our cocks.

I backed away long enough to take off my tool belt and drop my pants and boxers to my knees, finally freeing my balls along with my engorged cock. I slapped my cock against Mrs. Harrison's face a few times before letting her suck me back into her mouth. Joe was squeezing her tits as he happily humped away. His hips smacked against her ass as each thrust of his cock buried him in her pussy.

After a few minutes of sucking, Mrs. Harrison pushed me back and breathed in deeply. "Up on the bed," she ordered. "Take off the rest of your clothes."

Joe pulled his cock out of her dripping pussy and obediently kicked off his pants and underwear, then stripped off his shirt. Mrs. Harrison hopped up onto the bed, sitting on the edge with her legs spread open and her tits heaving with each breath. Once I had tossed the last of my clothes to the floor, I moved between her legs and sank my cock deep into the hot constriction of her pussy.

"Oh fuck yea, give it to me!" Mrs. Harrison growled. She looked at Joe. "And you get up here and put that beautiful cock back in my mouth."

I lifted Mrs. Harrison's butt slightly off the bed and pounded my cock deep into her pussy. She screamed onto Joe's cock as I fucked her, and my balls suddenly began to churn. It was all too much, and there was no way I was going to be able to hold back. Watching Mrs. Harrison's big tits bounce around on her chest, I started to cum. Big hot jets of cream launched up through my cock and exploded into her pussy.

"Oh fuck!" I groaned and I continued to fire my seed into Mrs. Harrison's cunt. "Oh fuck!"

"Did you just fucking cum in me?" Mrs. Harrison growled. She still had her hand wrapped around Joe's cock and she was looking at me with eyes on fire.

"I thought I fucking told you to cum on my face!" she roared. "You stupid fuck!"

"I'm sorry," I stammered, withdrawing my cock from her snatch, and watching as a big gob of my cum spilled out after it. "It was too good, I couldn't hold it."

"I can't believe you're fucking done already," she said.

I grinned and pointed at my cock, still standing up hard and proud, now covered in cum and pussy juice. "I'm not done," I said. "I'm just getting started."

I climbed up over her and pushed her back down onto the bed. With my knees on either side of her chest, I presented my gooey cock to her. "Clean me off," I said.

Mrs. Harrison looked up at me, and then at Joe, who was still kneeling on the bed beside us. "Joe, suck his cum out of my pussy and then feed it to me."

Then she was on my cock, greedily sucking up the juices that coated it while Joe climbed off the bed and lowered his face to her pussy. While she sucked my cock, I listened as my supervisor noisily sucked her pussy. It was bizarre to know that he was tasting my cum, even holding it in his mouth. He returned to the bed, and Mrs. Harrison took my cock out of her mouth in time to meet Joe's open-mouthed kiss. She moaned into his mouth as my cum and her own pussy juice flowed between them.

When they finally parted, Mrs. Harrison looked up at me. "You're still hard as a rock," she said.

I nodded.

"Lay down," she said.

I lay down beside her and she climbed over me and impaled herself on my cock.

"Fuck!" she yelped. "This thing is so fucking hard!"

Joe quickly stood beside us and put his cock back into her mouth, and Mrs. Harrison screamed onto his prick while she slammed herself up and down on my cock. I reached up to hold her big bouncing tits and reveled in the pleasure of her pussy squeezing my cock. She stopped humping up and down on me and just lowered herself until I was buried inside her. I could feel her juices beginning to spread out over my balls and she whimpered with Joe's cock still in her mouth as a little orgasm shook its way through her body.

When she had recovered, she pushed Joe back enough to dislodge his thick fuck-rod from her mouth. "Are you ready to get fucked now, new guy?" She looked at me with fire in her eyes, even as the heat of our activity drew sweat from her forehead and chest.

"I kind of thought we were already—OH FUCK!" I gasped and threw my head back, my eyes rolling up in their sockets from the intensity of the pleasure she was giving me. She wasn't even moving her hips, at least as far as I could tell. I had never experienced anything like it. It wasn't as if any of my recent fuck-buddies had never squeezed my cock with their pussies before, but Mrs. Harrison took it several levels higher. To call it a skill would be a gross understatement. She had a level of control over her internal movements that made it feel like her pussy was actually sucking my cock, only better.

"I think the new guy likes it, Joe," Mrs. Harrison growled. I finally looked up at her and through the haze of pleasure was able to note the look of concentration on her face. It was a damn good thing I had just blown my load only a couple of minutes ago. For a woman who was apparently angry about the idea of my finishing early, she sure was doing her best to make me lose it again.

Mrs. Harrison stood up on the bed, and my cum-coated cock slapped down hard against my stomach.

"Move over, new guy," she said. "It's Joe's turn."

I made way for Joe to take my place on the bed and for Mrs. Harrison to impale herself on his cock. Once she was on him, Joe threw back his head in ecstasy just as I had. Whatever magic she had performed on me he was certainly enjoying now.

Mrs. Harrison's concentration was broken when I turned her head toward me and she opened up her mouth to start sucking her own juices off of my cock. She returned to humping herself up and down, driving Joe's cock deep into her pussy as her butt slapped against his legs, all the while sucking frantically on my cock.

"Ride that fucking cock!" Joe bellowed. He reached up and grabbed one of Mrs. Harrison's swinging tits in each hand. She howled and moaned onto my fuck-rod and her body went board-stiff.

She pulled my cock out of her mouth and bellowed, "Oh my god I'm fucking cumming! Oh fuck I'm CUMMING!"

I stood back and watched her ride out her orgasm, as Joe continued to buck his hips and hump his cock up into Mrs. Harrison's cunt. When she had settled back down, she climbed off Joe and went to work sucking his cock clean of copious amounts of pussy-cum. I settled in behind her while she sucked and spread her round firm ass cheeks apart so I could see her asshole and pussy. Grabbing my cock by the base, I pushed the purple head between her pussy lips and sank slowly back inside her soaking wet fuck-hole. 

"Oh my fuck, new guy!" Mrs. Harrison yelped. "You have a huge cock!"

You should see my friend Matt's, I thought.

"Thanks, Mrs. Harrison," I said playfully. "Are you ready for me to fuck you in the ass?"

She popped her mouth off of Joe's cock again. "Oh fuck yes!"

I pumped my cock deep in her pussy a few more times, slapping my hips against her ass and causing her prodigious tits to bounce around wildly beneath her. But she crawled away from me, dislodging my cock as she climbed over Joe and sank back down onto his waiting cock. Joe happily reached up and took her tits in his hands again and leaned up to suck them while she worked herself up and down on his cock.

I followed closely behind her, and once she was settled in on top of Joe, I spread her butt cheeks apart again. I watched the way Joe's cock disappeared into her pussy, and the way her pussy juices coated the base of his cock and leaked down onto his big balls. Taken with a sudden perverse impulse, and still flying high from the hedonism of my week away from work, I lowered my face down between their legs and licked a few long, slow trails up from Joe's balls, over the base of his cock and the opening of Mrs. Harrison's pussy, finally stopping after I had liberally coated her asshole with a mix of my saliva and her cum.

"Oh my god!" Joe croaked.

"Oh you dirty fucking stud!" Mrs. Harrison screeched. "Fuck me in my ass, right fucking now! There's lube on the dresser.

I grinned and looked around until I located the bottle of lube. I quickly crossed the room and returned, spreading the goo around my shaft as I approached. I squeezed out a liberal glob onto Mrs. Harrison's asshole, and let it drip down over her pussy and Joe's cock. I pressed my cock head against her asshole and she pushed back into me just as I started to push forward. She groaned and relaxed her sphincter and the slick head of my cock slipped into her asshole.

"So fucking big!" she gasped.

I stopped there while Mrs. Harrison adjusted to my penetration. She still had Joe's cock buried to the hilt in her pussy, and she rocked slowly between us.

"This feels so fucking good," she moaned. "Two beautiful cocks in me at the same time. Give me a little more, new guy."

I obeyed, pushing forward and sinking another inch deeper into her clenching nether tunnel.

"Oh fuck it's so good," she groaned.

I grabbed the bottle of lube one more time and squeezed out a little more onto the rest of my cock, then tossed the bottle aside again and pushed deeper into Mrs. Harrison's ass.

"Oh HOLY FUCK!" she screamed. "Right there right FUCKING there! Fuck me! FUCK ME!"

We fucked her. Joe and I alternated our strokes while Mrs. Harrison cursed and moaned and trembled between us. She came over and over as we fucked her pussy and asshole hard. We changed positions a handful of times, stopping to apply fresh coats of fuck-lube to our cocks every time we switched. All three of us and the bed were a mess after ten or fifteen minutes of frantic fucking. When either Joe or I slowed down, Mrs. Harrison would bark at us to fucking fuck her harder and we obeyed. After twenty minutes, I finally felt the impending rush of a monster orgasm.

"Are you guys ready to give me your cum now?" Mrs. Harrison moaned.

"Oh fuck yeah!" Joe bellowed. He was on top at this point, fucking Mrs. Harrison's pussy while she rocked back and forth with my liberally lubricated cock stuffed up her ass. She clenched down on me a final time, cumming again just as Joe pulled his cock out of her pussy. Joe climbed off the bed and stood waiting for us, slowly stroking himself and watching Mrs. Harrison lift herself up and dislodge my cock from her asshole. She crawled down onto the floor and over to Joe, looking up at him with a satisfied smirk.

"Come on," she prodded. "Cum for me, Joe. You too, new guy."

I joined them in the middle of the room, standing next to my supervisor, both of us working our cocks in our hands while Mrs. Harrison encouraged us.

"Let me have that cum," she taunted. "Cum all over my fucking face!"

It was all I could take. My balls churned and pumped and I shot out a long thick spurt of cock cream that landed in a trail down Mrs. Harrison's forehead, over her nose and across her open mouth and waiting tongue. Joe's first volley of cum was right behind mine.

"Oh fuck, oh fuuuuuck," Joe bellowed.

We stood there jerking our cocks and alternating jets of creamy cum all over Mrs. Harrison's face, into her mouth, down her neck, and even on her tits, which she held up in her hands and pushed together for us. I kept cumming even as Joe's stream died down, and he simply stood back and watched as I fired off my final few spurts of cum onto Mrs. Harrison's tits.
