 If you will recall from my last story An Unexpected Encounter, I recently met Tiffany, a nineteen year-old sophomore, who attends the same university as me. Tiffany is absolutely gorgeous, as I mentioned in the last story. Just as a reminder, I will tell you that Tiffany is about five-five and weighs 115 lbs, and she has the most gorgeous set of legs I've ever seen on a woman. She also has long, chestnut brown hair and striking dark-colored eyes. 

I also wanted to remind you that I'm a twenty three year-old college senior, and I had been interested in pursuing Tiffany. That is until I found out that she was already involved with a boyfriend, so I devised an alternative plan. 

I had decided to pursue a friendship with Tiffany instead, knowing that she was both a member of a sorority on campus and has some good-looking single friends. I was optimistic that as soon as I was within her inner circle of single, attractive friends that I have a very promising dating pool to potentially choose from. 

As you already know, I had a mutually satisfying, intense erotic encounter with Tiffany's mother, Laura, who quite skillfully seduced me. I was mesmerized by her mother's coy advances, and I will admit that I had been lustfully eyeing Tiffany's mother as well.

Her mother is thirty-eight years-old with beautiful sapphire blue eyes and shoulder-length brown hair, and I must confess that she is very sexy, youthful-looking yet experienced. I also discovered that her desire for me was as strong if not stronger for me than mine for her, and she didn't hide that by any means. That was certainly made clear to me in our very lusty yet intimate session of pleasure and ecstasy in her bedroom. 

Additionally, Laura had alluded to the possibility that the encounter wasn't just a one time thing and had specifically told me that she hoped we could get together again soon. Needless to say, however, I was becoming quite impatient as time passed by and was looking forward to seeing her again soon.

I was beginning to think that maybe she was either waiting to see how long I could go without me trying to contact her first or even worse, she was having second thoughts. But my concerns were temporarily calmed when I checked my mail the following Thursday and noticed I had received a card without a marked return address. 

Of course, I wasn't sure that Laura had sent me the card, but I had a gut feeling that she was the sender. I opened the card's envelope and discovered that someone had sent me a hallmark card that was titled "Thinking of You" As I held the card in my hands, I felt both flattered and thrilled to receive such a thoughtful card. 

I immediately opened the card without hesitation and was surprised to learn that a quasi-anonymous sender had sent me this card with a folded letter inside. I quickly read the printed text message of the card which stated "To let you know many thoughts and good wishes are with you ever day".

I found myself pondering why Laura might have signed the card your special friend. I needed to know more, so I read the typed letter, hoping that the letter would reveal the send. But as I read the letter, I realized that the letter wasn't going to be much help in revealing the sender either. 

This typed letter said that the individual was delighted to have met me and thanked me for being supportive. The sender also mentioned that I would be receiving another more gratifying surprise soon and assured me I would find out the identity of my special friend as well. Additionally, there were very few additional details offered about this second surprise I would be receiving.

I decided to call Laura later in the evening in an attempt to see if could get her to confess to having sent me the card, but she didn't answer the phone. Her Daughter Tanya answered the phone and said that her mother Laura wasn't home. When she asked who was calling, I told Tanya that I was one of her clients and needed to speak with her. 

She then said that her mother had left for a business-related conference and would be returning home on Sunday. Tanya also offered to take a message, but I told her that wasn't necessary because I would try contacting her again next week. 

I broke out my books and started studying. About an hour later, I heard my cell phone ringing. As I went to answer it, I hoped it was Laura calling to talk. I knew that normally only my parents called my cell phone, and I had already talked earlier in the afternoon with my dad, so I was optimistic that the caller might be Laura.

I answered my cell phone and almost immediately recognized who was calling by the caller's soprano voice, my friend Tiffany. Tiffany asked me what I was doing, and I told her I was catching up on my reading so I didn't have to worry about over the weekend. She told me that sounded like a good idea. 

Tiffany and I talked for a few minutes about each other day, and then Tiffany told me that she was going home for the weekend to visit with her sister and keep her company. Tiffany explained that her mother had went out of town on a business trip for the weekend, so she thought that she go home and spend some bonding time with her younger sister.

I was about to respond when she interrupted my train of thought to ask me a question. Tiffany wanted to know if I would be interested in accompanying her and told me that if I was interested that I could stay the night, too. I told her that I didn't have any set plans for the weekend, but I didn't want to feel like I was intruding on her time with her sister. 

Tiffany responded, saying that she already asked her younger sister, and her sister said that she didn't have a problem with me staying over. Then, I answered her question and said that I spend the weekend with her. I could tell by her emphatic tone of voice that she was more than pleased with my decision. 

On Friday afternoon, Tiffany arrived at my apartment and told me that she was glad that I was able to come along with her. I smiled and told that I was glad that she had invited me. I also confessed that I was surprised by the invitation, and I told her that she might be second guessing her decision to invite me along after spending two days with me. 

Tiffany laughed and then said she wouldn't have asked if she thought that would be a problem. She then asked me about my day. I told her that I have had better days and that I was looking forward to getting away from campus for a couple of days. 

It had been a fairly rough day at work for me, because my supervisor wasn't in a pleasant mood. Additionally, I had to endure extra heavy workload due to a couple unexpected employee absences. That certainly didn't help my boss's mood by any means, and I could definitely tell. 

When we arrived at her house, we went inside and discovered that the house was empty. I assumed that Tiffany's younger sister Tanya would be home, so I asked my friend Tiffany if she knew her sister's whereabouts. 

Tiffany explained that sixteen year-old sister had an away track meet this evening and had also made plans to stay with a friend this evening. She told me that had known this and never mentioned it me, because her sister Tanya was only going to be away for the evening. 

I followed Tiffany to her room, where she stashed my duffle bag of clothes. I will admit that I felt a little awkward being in Tiffany's room while no one was home, but the way she was handling the situation assured me that there was no need for me to feel uncomfortable. 

I was just about to ask her if I could sit on her bed when Tiffany began to speak. She suggested that I could use the bathroom down the hall and take a long, warm shower. That sounded good to me, so I allowed her to show me to necessary toiletries and then headed off to the bathroom.

I had closed the bathroom door, turned on the shower and undressed when I remembered that I didn't bring in a clean pair of clothes to change into. Instead of bothering her, I decided that I would wrap my towel around my waist and go fetch my bag after I finished showering. 

With that decided, I stepped into the shower and started to cleanse myself. I must admit that the hot water felt so soothing, as I stood there under the shower head trying to relax and clear my mind of the day's troubles. Then, unexpectedly I heard Tiffany's voice, but I didn't clearly understand what she had said. I called out her name and then poked my head around the shower curtain to see what she wanted, after realizing that I couldn't clearly hear her due to the noise of the running water. 

As I looked around the curtain, I saw that she was standing on the other side of the door. I asked her what she had said, and Tiffany replied that she had laid out a clean bathrobe for me to wear. I thanked her for thinking of me and told her she was a sweetheart for doing so.

About ten minutes later, I turned off the shower faucet and reached for my towel. I promptly dried off and then slipped into the towel that Tiffany had left out for me. As I opened the bathroom door, I heard music playing down the hall. I noticed as I turned to look toward Tiffany's room that her door was partially shut. I could also tell that her bedroom was bedroom was dimly lit. 

When I got her bedroom, I pushed the door open and saw that Tiffany's bedroom was illuminated by candlelight. Soft rock music was playing in the background, and Tiffany was sitting on her bed, applying moisturizing lotion to her legs. 

I must admit that I was stunned to see Tiffany scantily dressed. She was wearing a sexy, pink lace balconette bra with satin ribbon trim and lace bow, along with matching lace g-string. Additionally, Tiffany wore sheer, nude-colored nylons attached by garters to a matching, transparent pink lace garter skirt, with floral embroidery and ribbon tie in back .(I would later find out that she had purchased this lingerie outfit at Victoria Secret).

Tiffany walked over to me after noticing that I had entered the room, telling me that she had a special surprise for me, but I was going to have to do exactly what I was told to do. I tried to ask for an explanation as to what was going on, and she told me not to worry, saying that she would explain everything to me later. I shrugged and said that was no problem.

She smiled and then told me that she knew I had been sexually attracted to her since we met. She also said that she was glad that I pursued a friendship with her, even though she sensed that disappointment when I first learned that she had a boyfriend. As she talked to me in a very calm voice, she told me how much our friendship met her and that she wanted to take our relationship to another level. 

I started to speak, but she interrupted me by asking me if I liked the outfit she was wearing. I responded by telling her that she looked absolutely breathtaking. I felt my heart pounding in my chest and could almost literary sense the adrenaline rushing through my body. 

I had already realized that Tiffany was my mysterious special friend, who had sent me that greeting card, and I was definitely shocked. But I had to admit that I was excited and becoming intrigued by the thought of bedding my very attractive friend.

First, Tiffany told me to loose the robe, and I quickly took off the robe. Next, I was instructed to sit in a chair, an old office chair in the corner of her room that she apparently used as a chair for her computer desk. 

Again, I did as she asked, and the she walked over to me and placed a blindfold on me. It was a strip of dark silky material, and I couldn't see a single thing through it. Tiffany asked me if I could see anything, and I said no. 

"Good," she said. "I will trust that you aren't fibbing, because if you are you won't be getting any more of the attention that you and I both know you want." 

After saying that she evidently knelt in front of me, because I felt her lips on my lower belly and then felt her mouth on my cock, taking it in and sucking gently. She only did it for a couple of minutes or so, just enough to tease, and I then assured her that I couldn't see a thing. Of course, I wished that I could!

The next thing I felt was something silky and thin being wrapped around my ankles. Then, I felt her tighten the loops, and I knew she was tying my legs the chair. Now, I was really getting excited. 

I was then instructed to put my hands through the arms of the chair and behind my back, where she put a pair of handcuffs on my wrists. I will admit that I certainly didn't expect this from my friend Tiffany. I had never been handcuffed, certainly not while sitting in a chair completely nude. 

I started wondering what was going on when I sensed Tiffany had walked away from me. I heard her footsteps leave the room and for a while I sat there all by myself, pondering what Tiffany could possibly be doing. A few minutes later I heard her walk back into the room, and then I heard what I thought was giggling. I guess I must have looked somewhat funny, sitting there blindfolded, restrained to a chair, while sporting a hard-on. 

Although I could hear footsteps, I wasn't exactly sure what was going on around me. I was forced to enjoy this experience, using my ears and senses in an attempt to follow what was happening. Then, I heard what I thought was giggling and whispering, but by now my imagination was going crazy, and I had all kind of thoughts going to my mind. 

What I felt next was a body rubbing against mine. I could tell that this body was at least partially clothed, and I also noticed that it was very soft, very smooth and must be definitely be very sexy. I felt soft, nylon clad legs straddling one of my thighs, and then a pussy rubbing against my leg. Then, I felt nothing. 

I loved to be teased, and I knew that Tiffany knew, because our sexual interests and likes is something that we had discussed as friends. A moment later I again felt nylon clad legs brushing against me, and the sensation of a pussy grinding against my thigh. Then, I felt nothing again.

My only thought that I had at the time was that I hoped Tiffany wouldn't mind if came pretty soon, because I was more than adequately excited. Again, I felt those silky-smooth legs straddling me, and that sweet, warm, moist pussy spreading open as it brushed back and forth against my right thigh. Back and forth it went, as its owner humped my thigh for several minutes, and then the grinding ceased once again.

What a tease she was being, or so I thought. I could smell the wonderful sweet yet musky aroma of the pussy juice that I could feel all over my right thigh. 

I was hoping that she would come back and do the other thigh, when I suddenly I felt a pair of legs straddling this time, and then I was pleasantly surprised by the sensation of my cock being enveloped by a moist, warm pussy. Deep inside my cock went, and that pussy moved up and down, riding my lap for what seemed like forever. 

She worked her pussy slowly up and down on my cock, squeezing her pussy muscles as she lowered herself down onto my cock. She did this for several minutes, and then stopped and walked away. I told myself to stay cool, but it definitely wasn't easy. 

Again, I felt shapely legs straddling my thighs and then the sensation of my cock deeply penetrating into a wet pussy. I felt the pussy's owner churning her hips, as her pussy rose up and down on my hard cock. I sat there, enjoying the feel of her soft legs, the lowering of her receptive pussy onto my cock. I hoped that I would finally be able to come, and just then, I felt her walk away. 

A few moments passed, during which I did my best to regain my composure, and then just as before I felt legs spreading over both of mine. Almost immediately, I felt my cock engulfed by a very slick, warm pussy. But this time I also felt a breast against my mouth, and an erect nipple pressing against my lips. I responded by doing what I think any normal man would do -- I started sucking on the breast. As I sucked on the breast, I swirled my tongue around the nipple and drew circles around it. Then, she was gone once again. This was getting to be too much for me. My cock was throbbing and oozing precome, and my mind was racing with a variety of wild, naughty thoughts. I pleaded to be allowed the opportunity to come, and then I heard more giggling in the background and whispering. But nothing was said to me. 

I sat there, wishing I could see what was going on, and then again I felt smooth, nylon clad thighs straddle my lap. Just a few seconds later, I felt my cock being taken inside a wet pussy. Almost simultaneously, breasts were offered to my lips. But this time, I noticed when I took each of the hard nipples individually into my mouth that some was very different. 

These were not the same set of breasts!! The nipples were erect, but noticeably smaller. I could also tell that the feel of the breasts were also of different size, shape and the consistency of them. I didn't talk because my mouth was busy, so I continued to suck and lick each of them. 

Now, my thoughts were rapidly running around in circles in my mind. I wasn't sure what was going on, but I didn't say a word, even when she pulled herself off of me and was gone. 

What happened to me next was another surprise, and something I couldn't possibly expect. The chair that I was sitting on was on little wheels, and now I felt the chair being pushed and rolled somewhere. I was then being turned. Next, I felt my still cuffed hands bump up against Tiffany's bed. The chair was then tilted back, so that I was half lying backwards over the bed.

Then, I heard the bed squeak as someone got onto it. Whoever it was must have been standing on it, as she now put one leg over my head and squatted down. I could smell her wet pussy as she offered it to my mouth. I stuck my tongue out as far as I could, tasting that sweet pussy, and then proceeded to lick and suck the upper portion of her pussy as best as I could 

She lowered herself until she was almost smothering me, and I responded by extending my tongue, working my tongue back and forth between her wet folds. I deeply probed her moist opening with the tip of my tongue, as her juices slowly trickled from her pussy, coating my face and lips. 

When I placed her clitoris between my lips and gently nibbled at it, I could sense by the way she was twitching that her orgasm was rapidly approaching. I then planted my lips firmly over her pussy lips, kissing them like I would her other lips, while my tongue swirled around in the vicinity of her clit. 

Just a few minutes later, I felt her bucking against my face as my tongue and lips mutually stimulated this woman's most sensitive areas, and when I heard my name called out in the moans and cries of ecstasy, I knew by the voice it was Tiffany.

After a few moments of rest, I felt her move way from me, and a moment later again I felt a pair of legs against my face, as a pussy was being lowered to my face. But this was a different pussy, which was also very savory and alluring, yet was distinctly different. The clit was also different, smaller and a little firmer, but seemingly just as aroused. I sucked at her pussy while sensually caressing and stimulating it with my lips, and then played with her clit until I felt her body start to quiver. 

At that point, I pushed my tongue as far as I could up her opening, raising my head to work my tongue in further. I snaked my tongue in and out of this woman's pussy, and then would concentrate on her clit again, flicking the tip of my tongue against the underside of her swollen clitoris. 

I continued to tongue her with my tongue until I felt her body trembling. It was also rather noticeable that her vaginal muscles were contracting and relaxing, as this woman experienced an orgasm of her own.

When she moved off, I was expecting a pause in the action again. Almost immediately another woman took her place and situated her pussy against my face. I figured this was Tiffany again, even though I noticed her pussy didn't seem as wet as it should have been after just climaxing. But I didn't think too much of it, and I extended my tongue between those folds, probing the opening of her pussy with my tongue. I darted my tongue in and out, licking the inside walls of her pussy as deep as I could. After I slid my tongue to her clit, I thought that it felt different. At this point I was thoroughly dazzled by the sensation and the situation itself, so I could hardly think logically at all. Just a few minutes later, I did notice that when she climaxed, this woman came very profusely. Her pussy juice flowed in abundance out of her, overflowing onto my chin and face as she came. There was no quivering, and she made very little noise. But she was evidently enjoying herself, because she stayed right where she was, and she allowed me to bring her to a second consecutive orgasm before she moved away. Then, I felt the chair being pushed back to its original position. 
