 Author's Note: Many of the characters in this story appear with little to no introduction because they come from previous chapters. But here is a quick review:

Jason – The Titular Cable Guy
Tina – Jason's recent friend and his first on-the-job fuck
Stacy – Tina's roommate
Matt – Tina's boyfriend
Jack – Jason's roommate and best friend; Stacy's new boyfriend
Ryan – Jason's other roommate and best friend
Melanie – One of Jason's possible love interests
Amber – Another one of Jason's possible love interests
Sarah – Melanie's best friend and Ryan's new girlfriend
Paul – Melanie's dad
Heidi – Tina's sister
Trevor – Paul's employee
Joe – Jason's boss
Marty – Jason's coworker

WARNING: This story contains a few short bits of guy-on-guy stuff, in case that's not your thing. Although if you've made it to this chapter, I have to wonder...

Also, and this information will be more relevant in Chapter 10, this entire series so far takes place over fifteen days in the late spring of 2002.

Thanks to Stonehammer69 for editing and story consultation services.

All characters are of course at least eighteen.

*****

Waking up in bed with Melanie was starting to become routine at this point. What wasn't routine (yet) was having Amber there on my other side. We were up late the previous night, as I told and retold the stories of my exploits at work to the two women I worried would be the most disturbed by my... I want to say promiscuity, but that isn't even the right word. I got paid. I even showed Melanie and Amber my modest earnings to prove it.

"You lucky fuck," Melanie had said, fanning through the twenty-dollar bills and slapping my shoulder. "Jesus, how does this shit keep falling into your lap?"

"I'm starting to think I might actually be in a coma or something," I joked. "Near death experience."

Amber giggled. "As long as your cock continues to work this well, I think I would be okay with that."

It was past two in the morning by the time I finally pumped my last load of the night up Melanie's ass while she screamed her orgasm into Amber's pussy.

* * *

The phone was ringing, and nobody was picking it up. Who the fuck was calling at this time on a Saturday morning? I opened my eyes and squinted to read my bedside alarm clock. Okay, so it wasn't that ridiculous of an hour for a phone call, I'd just slept in, and why wouldn't I? Melanie and Amber groaned as I extricated myself from their tangled limbs, and they rolled toward the warm middle of the bed, filling my vacant sleep spot and snuggling up against each other, big boobs pressed together. My morning chub turned into a full-on erection before I could make it to the phone in the kitchen.

"Hello?"

"Rise and shine, cupcake! Change of plans!"

"What? Who the... Matt?"

"Yeah, it's Matt," he said. "Were you seriously still asleep?"

"Uh, yeah. I was up kinda late. It's Saturday, right?"

"Sure is," Matt said. "And I need your help setting up for Tina's party. We have a new venue."

"What's wrong with our place?" I looked around at the kitchen and living room beyond, honestly impressed at how clean Jack, Ryan and I had been keeping the place recently. Sarah appeared from the hallway, presumably having spent the night in Ryan's bedroom, although it was almost as likely it had been Jack's. I'd been fairly certain that Sarah was more Ryan's girlfriend, and that Jack and Stacy were becoming a couple, but it seemed to me that such relationship distinctions were much more fuzzy than I had assumed.

"Oh nothing," Matt said as I watched Sarah stride into the kitchen with a big grin on her face, and I saw her eyes dart down to my still-erect cock. Wearing clothes around this house was becoming more and more rare for me. Sarah was wearing a men's dress shirt that I was reasonably certain belonged to Ryan, but she hadn't bothered with the buttons. Her nipples were covered, but the inner curves of her breasts were plainly visible, and she hadn't bothered with any panties.

I'd stopped paying attention to Matt completely when Sarah stooped over and started sucking my cock.

"Jason! Hello? Did you fall asleep on me?"

"Oh yeah, sorry," I stammered. "I got a little distracted."

"Yeah, I bet you did," he chuckled. "Not that I have any room to talk."

Matt didn't divulge further details, but I could easily picture Tina doing her best to swallow his monster cock while he talked to me on the phone from their apartment.

"Well, finish up and get dressed," Matt said. "I'll come by and pick you up in a half hour."

"Good morning," Sarah said after I had set the cordless phone back on its charging base. She was now squatting on the floor in front of me, stroking my cock in her right hand while she worked two fingers in her pussy. The dress shirt lay in a puddle on the kitchen floor behind her.

"I have to get ready to go," I said. "Want to jump in the shower with me?"

* * *

"Oh fuck oh fuck oh FUCK!" Sarah crooned as I pumped my cock in and out of her clenching pussy. My hips slapped against her ass with every stroke, loud and wet under the stream of hot water. "Cum with me! I'm so close! I want to feel you cum!"

I squeezed her swinging tits and she braced herself against the tiled wall.

"Oh fuck yeah," I groaned. "You want me to fill your pretty pussy up with cum?"

"Give it to me!" she yelped. "Cum in my pussy!"

I let go of her big right breast and slipped my hand down over her stomach and through the patch of blond hair above her pussy. I rubbed the pad of my middle finger over Sarah's clit just as my balls began to roil and churn with my first cum of the day.

"Holy fuck I'm cumming!" Sarah cried. "I'm FUCKING CUMMING!"

If anyone else in the house was still asleep before, they almost certainly were not anymore.

A huge surge of hot cum exploded up through the length of my cock and blasted deep into Sarah's pussy as she quaked and thrashed. I roared along with her and kept fucking as jet after jet of cock cream launched into her.

"Jesus Christ that was good," Sarah croaked. "I can't believe how much cum you make."

I slowly pulled my hips back, dislodging my slowly softening prick from Sarah's saturated cunt. Once my cock head fell free, a large gob of spunk dripped from her opening and ran down her inner left thigh.

"Can't help it when I'm with someone so fucking sexy," I shrugged.

Sarah smiled and slapped my arm and we rinsed off together. We climbed out of the shower to towel off, and discovered Stacy leaning naked against the vanity rubbing her pussy and squeezing one of her full firm breasts. With the shower now shut off, I could hear the sounds of vigorous fucking coming from the living room, and smiled at the idea of Melanie and Amber switching back and forth for rides of Jack's and Ryan's hard cocks.

"I wish I could stay for another round," I said to Stacy, who had been eying my renewed erection. "But Matt will be here any second and he needs my help on some party stuff."

"Like we need you to have fun anyway," Sarah said behind me. I turned to see her sitting on the toilet cover, legs spread wide while my cum slowly oozed from her open pussy.

"Oh yummy," Stacy said, and she pushed past me and dropped to the floor in front of Sarah and started sucking.

I chuckled and hung up my towel and reluctantly got dressed in my bedroom while everyone else in the house sucked and fucked.

* * *

"Sorry to pull you away from that," Matt pointed his thumb back over his shoulder as we climbed into his car. "I was this close to jumping on the pile myself."

"No worries," I said. "I'm sure there will be plenty of time for that stuff later."

"That's for sure," Matt said.

"So what's with the new venue? Sarah was sucking my cock while we were on the phone and I kind of spaced out a little."

"What a coincidence," Matt chuckled. "I had Tina and Heidi taking turns."

"Those two," I said, smiling and shaking my head.

"Tell me about it," he said. "Anyway, let's go get some breakfast and we can go over the plan."

He drove us downtown, or what passed for downtown in a city the size of ours. The only buildings taller than three stories were the old mill buildings along the river, most of which had been converted into business suites and apartments over the years. I'd been inside enough of them installing cable to become envious of the high ceilings and exposed brick and beam.

Matt pulled his car into the alley between the two largest of the mills and drove around back, along the narrow paved drive between the building and the river and parked in a space marked "Reserved."

"Looking to get towed?" I asked.

Matt raised his eyebrow. "Tina never told you?"

I shook my head, "Told me what?"

"This is my building," he said.

"The fuck?"

My favorite restaurant was in this building. There was also a popular pub (that I'd finally be able to try out in a few weeks when I turned twenty-one), a bank, and a boutique women's clothing store in renovated suites on the ground floor. The second floor housed law offices, accountants, and a fairly large regional IT sales company that I'd applied for before taking the cable job (deciding that a van and fresh air was preferable to a cubicle and a headset). The next three floors were the nicest apartments in the city, especially on the west-facing side of the building, where the sunset was visible year-round through the massive ten-foot-high windows. I'd never been higher than the fifth floor, noting on my many elevator rides that there was a special key for both the sixth and seventh.

"Wait what?" I said, staring at Matt with my mouth hanging open as he slipped off his seat belt and turned to get out of the car. "Your building?"

"Yeah," he said and grinned. "I own it. And the restaurant. And the bar."

"Then why the hell do you and Tina live in that little apartment?"

"That's Tina's apartment," he said. "We don't live together. Not yet anyway."

"The work order was in your name," I said.

"Can't a guy take care of his girlfriend's TV tab?"

I climbed out of the car after him and looked up at the massive structure of red brick and then back at my friend. "You own this fucking building."

"Long story," he said. "But yes. Come on, breakfast and Bloody Mary's on me."

* * *

"I'm not twenty-one yet," I whispered to Matt as the waitress smiled and hurried away to get out drinks.

"I told you," he said. "I own the place. Relax."

"So you want to have the party here instead?"

"Well not down here," Matt said. "It's Saturday. The restaurant and bar need to be making money tonight. Besides, the windows are all at street-level."

"The windows?"

Matt shrugged.

"Oh!" I chuckled. "Right."

"So anybody you invited to your house is still invited of course," he said. "You'll just have to give them the address and the password."

"The password?"

"Yeah, I'm going to have one of the door guys from the bar working the elevator to bring people up," he said. "The password is just for fun."

"Yeah, actually, that's cool," I said. "Sort of a secret speak-easy kind of thing. If we had more time we could have themed the party or something."

"You don't think 'orgy' is a good enough theme?" he chuckled.

"Well sure," I shrugged. "But 'Roaring Twenties Orgy' might be pretty awesome."

"There will be plenty more orgies, Jason," he said. "But I like the way you think. We should put out a suggestion box or something for future fuck-parties."

Our breakfast and cocktails arrived, and I was sorely tempted to get a second Bloody Mary, but I didn't want to bring on a mid-day booze headache on a day like this. Vanessa, our cute petite redhead waitress touched Matt's arm and beamed at him every time he spoke.

"So the renovations are finally done," Matt said. "Top two floors, I mean. I've been working on it for the last two years. Hell of a project."

"I've been in this building probably a hundred times for work," I said. "Never past the fifth."

"I turned the top two floors into my new apartment," he said.

I nearly spit out my drink. "Two floors? There's gotta be twenty apartments each on three through five! And those are not small!"

"Well I packed a lot of fun stuff in there," he shrugged. "I'll have Rachel give you the tour after we eat. I've got to take care of some business crap for an hour or so, but she'll help you get started on the party prep."

"How much work are we talking about here?" I said. "Hey, I'm happy to help for Tina's birthday, but I'm not exactly an event planner or anything."

"That's where Rachel comes in," he said. "She just needed someone tall and strong to help with a few things, and I've gotta work."

At least he bought me breakfast before he put me to work.

* * *

"Rachel?" I did a double take, swiveling my head back and forth between Matt and the woman he had just introduced me to. At first I made no connection to a woman with the same name as my boss's wife. Why would I? There were probably a hundred Rachel's in town. But this was her. Tall, pretty, dark hair and an amused smile that let me know she was in on a joke I didn't understand.

"Hi, Jason," she said. "Joe tells me you're really impressing him at work."

"Do you two..." I trailed off for a second. I didn't want to imply that Rachel worked for Matt; but on the other hand, he had told me he owned the building. And also that it was a long story.

"Matt's my kid brother," Rachel said.

"Are you serious?"

"And she never lets me forget it either," Matt said, sticking his tongue out at his big sister.

I'd met Rachel two or three times over my tenure with the cable company; office Christmas party here, summer outing there. But what kind of crazy coincidence that she turned out to be Matt's big sister. Of course I had only known Matt for exactly two weeks now, and Rachel didn't have her family's last name anymore. I wondered how far apart in age they were. My boss Joe was close to forty, and I didn't think Matt was much older than twenty-two or three. There could easily be a ten-year age difference. And how much did she know about what I was doing at work? Did she know about Joe's little side business? Was it just a coincidence that my first on-the-job sexual escapade had been with Matt's girlfriend, while working for his sister's husband?

"Are you ready for the tour?" Rachel looked at me and gestured toward the elevator door.

"Sure, let's do it," I said.

"I'll see you guys in a little while," Matt said, and he set off down the hall back toward the restaurant-end of the building.

Rachel swiped a security card on the elevator control panel and pushed the button for the sixth floor. "Let me guess," she said. "He told you it was his apartment. He's such a little shit."

"He did say it was a long story," I offered.

"Well I guess he's right about that," she said. "Our family owns the building, and the top two floors is actually four apartments and a big entertainment area, for parties and stuff."

"Do you know what kind of party we're planning on having toni—?" I trailed off when the elevator door opened.

While the lower floors were certainly not small, they were packed with apartments and office suites and therefore walls. When the door slid open it looked at first like this entire floor was one wide open area. Straight ahead was the western wall with its ten-foot windows overlooking the river and wildlife conservation area beyond. I couldn't even take the whole place in on the first sweep of my head. There was a kitchen probably nearly a hundred yards away to my right, and radiating out from there were tables, chairs, sofas, beds. There was a wet bar between the two windows directly across from the elevator, and at least two more in different parts of the room There was exercise equipment, and pool tables and pin-ball machines. And down to the far left there was what looked like a huge completely open shower that could easily accommodate twenty people. Twenty people who didn't care much about privacy, that is. There were a few shower head built into the southern wall, pointing down to white tile, and there were a few more jutting out from two pillars build up from the floor to the ceiling fourteen feet above. The shower area didn't seem to be excluded in any way from the huge windows either. Anyone using it would be standing in full view of one of three different windows: two on the western wall and one on the southern. In the southeast corner there were walls built up around what I assumed were more private bathroom accommodations. Indeed it was only after seeing this that I noticed that this giant open room did not extend the whole length of the building. There were three doors built into the northern wall, none of the tell-tale windows indicating an exterior wall. There was a huge projection screen on the eastern wall down to my right, around which some of the seating was arranged, but there were also flat-screen televisions mounted at intervals along all of the walls, in between windows and doors mainly. And might I remind my readers that this was 2002, when flat-screen TV's weren't exactly an every-day occurrence yet.

"Welcome to party central," Rachel said.

"Well fuck," I said. "No wonder we're changing venues."

* * *

"So we'll have the orgy in here," Rachel said as matter-of-factly as though she were planning a Superbowl party. "Obviously it's way more space than we really need, but hey, maybe someday we'll fill it up!"

"Wait," I said, still looking around me in disbelief at just the size of the place. "You know about the orgy?"

"Honey," she said. "I know everything."

"Like, even work stuff?" I asked, terrified of what my boss's wife might do if she found out he was fucking lonely housewives on the job, and recruiting guys like me and Marty to help.

"Especially work stuff," she said. "Don't you worry about me and Joe, darlin'."

"Holy shit," was all I could think of to say.

"So how many guys did you get for Tina's special day?" she asked.

"What?"

"Tina's birthday, remember? She asked you and Matt to organize a gang-bang for her? How many guys?"

"Oh, yeah," I said, feeling myself flushing a little to be having this conversation with Joe's wife. "Well there's me and Matt. My friends Ryan and Jack. And I'm pretty sure Paul and Trevor, but I need to call Paul and find out for sure."

"Okay, plus Joe and Marty makes eight," she said. "That should be enough to keep Tina busy for a while."

"Have you met Tina?" I joked.

"Yes, she's rather insatiable, isn't she?" Rachel grinned. "But I hear you've got quite an appetite yourself."

My light flush turned into a full blush.

"Anyway, first things first," she said. "That door all the way down there to the right in the corner is an office. There's a phone in there you can use to call your friends and tell them the change of plans for the party. Give them the address, tell them to be here at seven, and tell them to have the elevator guy take them up to the seventh floor."

"The seventh floor?" I asked. "I thought we were doing the party in here."

"Yes," she said. "The women will be coming here, and you guys are going to meet Tina up on seven. Then when, or if, she's thoroughly pleased with her birthday present you guys can all come down here. Tina should already have let Stacy know, and she can tell the rest of your lady-friends. Oh, and tell everyone to pack an overnight bag so we don't have to worry about buzzed drivers."

* * *

I called Melanie's parents first and talked to Mindy, who promised to pass the instructions on to Paul and Trevor. Then I called to make sure Jack and Ryan had received their end of the plan from Stacy, and they had. Then I called Emma to tell her to come downtown with Sandra and Lily instead of to my house, and she said all three of them couldn't wait to ride my cock again.
