 Author's Note: This is the final chapter of a series, and thus many of the characters that appear here were introduced in earlier chapters. Here is a quick review:

Jason – The Titular Cable Guy

Tina – Jason's recent friend and his first on-the-job fuck

Stacy – Tina's roommate

Matt – Tina's boyfriend

Jack – Jason's roommate and best friend; Stacy's new boyfriend

Ryan – Jason's other roommate and best friend

Melanie – One of Jason's possible love interests

Amber – Another one of Jason's possible love interests

Sarah – Melanie's best friend and Ryan's new girlfriend

Paul – Melanie's dad

Mindy – Melanie's mom

Mia – Melanie's sister

Heidi – Tina's sister

Angelica – Heidi's friend from school

Trevor – Paul's employee

Joe – Jason's boss

Rachel – Joe's wife, Matt's big sister

Marty – Jason's coworker

Emma – New friend and fuck-buddy for Jason

Lily – Emma's friend

Sandra – Emma's friend

Mary – an acquaintance and fuck-buddy of Tina's and Matt's

Frank – Mary's husband

Vanessa – a waitress, and employee of Matt's

Arthur – a bouncer from Matt's bar, tonight acting as door man for Tina's party

Warning: This story contains a scene with a good amount of guy-on-guy stuff. I've marked it with a warning so you can skip it if you're not into that sort of thing. Although if you've made it to this chapter, I have to wonder...

To this point, all of this series has taken place in the late spring of 2002.

Thanks to Stonehammer69 for editing and story consultation services.

All characters are of course over eighteen.

*****

2015

Sunshine poured in through our massive bedroom window and invaded the comfort of my Saturday morning slumber. I arched my back in a yawning stretch, pressing my ever-reliable morning erection between the naked globes of my wife's perfect plump bottom. Her head lay on my left arm, but my right was free to explore, and I took one of her heavy boobs in my hand, squeezing gently and feeling the nipple harden and press into my palm. I breathed in the smell of her long auburn hair and exhaled a satisfied sigh.

Amber moaned sleepily and pushed her butt back against my cock. "Don't you want to save some of that energy for the lake?" she teased, rolling her hips and causing my shaft to slide up and down between her butt cheeks.

"Can you picture me in the car for six hours without getting a couple of loads out first?" I protested.

"Go get the shower started," Amber said.

I groaned, but rolled away from my wife obediently and hopped out of bed, my cock standing up hard and strong in front of me. In the hallway of our apartment, I glanced through the windows into Melanie's and Leanne's rooms as I passed, noting that Melanie had already risen and made her bed, but that gorgeous blond Leanne was still snoozing away with her bedsheet only pulled up to her waist and her perfect C-cup tits rising and falling gently on her chest.

Amber and I had our own shower in the master suite of course, but our weekend routine involved the big shower that looked out into the main living area, separated by glass instead of solid walls. I was pleased to see that Melanie had beaten me there.

"Good morning," I said as I strode in behind her.

Melanie turned under the spray of one of the four shower heads and wiped water from her eyes and smiled up at me. She wrapped her naked body around mine, trapping my cock against my stomach and launching her tongue into my mouth. She hadn't been home before Amber, Leanne and I had gone to bed, which meant I hadn't seen her for nearly twenty-four hours.

Melanie was even more beautiful than she'd been thirteen years ago when we first started hooking up and then tried dating for the first of several attempts. Her big gorgeous tits hung maybe a centimeter lower than they had when we were twenty, but that was probably due to the fact that they'd gotten a little bit bigger as she'd put on adult weight and filled out in her twenties. Not to say that I hadn't done the same thing, or Amber either. My ex-girlfriend's dark hair was plastered by the spraying water down the back of her neck and middle of her back, extending almost half-way to her perfect round ass.

She pulled her tongue out of my mouth and gave my cock a squeeze. "Is Amber coming?"

"She just sent me down to get started," I said.

"How about Leanne?"

"I think Leanne is going to need to sleep in a few extra minutes," I chuckled. "Amber and I fucked her goddamn brains out last night."

"I'm sorry I missed that," she said.

"Hey," I said, kissing her again. "We're on vacation now. Plenty of time for a reenactment up at the lake house."

* * *

2002

"Are you guys ready for Tina's Birthday Party, Phase Two?" Tina asked as she pushed the button for the elevator.

"You bet that sweet ass I am," Matt chuckled.

We were all dressed again, refreshed from our showers, and even Tina had put on a skirt and top that she might have chosen for a normal birthday party or a night out on the town. The skirt hugged her ass in a way that made Matt's classification of "sweet" seem like low praise. Watching it sway as we all moved onto the elevator was starting a tightness in my jeans that wasn't going to go away until I took them off almost an hour later.

The huge bearded man, whose name was apparently Arthur, manned the controls for us again, bringing us down one floor to Party Central.

When the doors slid open on six, a crowd of women in lingerie screamed "HAPPY BIRTHDAY!"

I hadn't known quite what to expect would be happening with the women while the men were all upstairs with Tina, but I was certainly not disappointed in the view when we stepped out into the enormous room. Whereas the lower floors were split into twenty or more apartments each, and the top floor divided into four huge luxury units, the sixth floor was what Matt and his sister Rachel called Party Central. There was a kitchen, a dance floor, several wet bars, dozens of beds, couches, chairs, and tables. There were pool tables and foosball and pinball and darts. There was a huge projection screen that had been dark when I took my tour this morning, but which now seemed to be playing a porn movie. Indeed, all of the flatscreen TV's mounted around the huge room, which you might expect to be showing baseball and basketball games this time of year, were playing different porn movies, most of which appeared to be scenes of group sex. My favorite. The sun had set, and the room was lighted softly in a way that complimented the exposed brick and beam of the original factory construction. In the southwest corner was the enormous open shower I had shared with Rachel this morning, but which could easily accommodate everyone currently in the room.

And there had to be close to thirty of us. The elevator in a building like this was made to move freight, so there was plenty of room for the eight guys and three women who had just disembarked, along with Arthur, who remained on board to escort any late guests up to the party.

Tina's sister Heidi and her friend Claire had already been dressed in a sexy bra and panty combo when they greeted us guys upstairs earlier. Now it seemed that this was going to be the theme of the night, at least as far as female wardrobe was concerned. I scanned the crowd to find Amber and Melanie, and they did not disappoint. Amber wore a black corset over the top of which her big tits were threatening to spill at any minute. She wore matching panties and black heels, and her auburn hair was pulled up on top of her head. Melanie's darker hair was done up in more ornate curls than her every-day look. Her skin was tanned a little darker than Amber's and it contrasted nicely with the shear white babydoll and panties she wore. Her big boobs were hugged by lacy cups, and the top flared open below her breastbone, baring her tight stomach and showing off the lacy panties.

"You two look absolutely incredible," I said. They both turned their smiling faces up to me for a kiss.

"You don't clean up so bad yourself," Melanie said, smiling. "For a dirty cable guy." She ran her hand over the growing bulge in my jeans.

"That was some nice work up there," Amber said.

"What do you mean?"

"We got to watch the whole thing on the big screen," Melanie said. "Tina is a goddamn sex maniac."

"There were cameras?" I said to Matt and Tina, who were greeting more of their guests.

Tina winked at me and Matt smiled and nodded.

"Jason!" a voice squealed. I turned to my left to see Emma rushing toward me. Her lingerie choice made Amber and Melanie look like they were ready to go to church. She wore a pink and black teddy with a completely open bust. Where cups should have been holding her huge boobs, there was nothing, and those heavy melons bounced wildly as she skipped toward me and threw her arms around my neck. Her tongue was in my mouth almost immediately, and Amber and Melanie looked on with amused faces. They knew that I'd spent yesterday afternoon with Emma and her friends, and neither one of them seemed to mind.

"Hi Emma," I said, once I was able to separate my mouth from here. "I love your outfit. But how did you know to bring one?" I'd called Emma to notify her of the change in location for the party, but I hadn't known about the lingerie theme to tell her.

"We didn't," she said, referring to herself and her friends Lily and Sandra, who stood a little way behind her waiting their turn to greet me. The busty redhead and dark-skinned beauty each had chosen more traditional garb, sexy as hell, but not quite as lewdly exhibitionist as Emma's. "There's a huge closet over there with enough for a hundred people!"

Leave it to Matt and Rachel to pre-load their orgy room with lingerie of all shapes and sizes.

Lily and Sandra greeted me with hugs, but didn't try to stuff their tongues in my mouth right off the bat. I introduced the three eighteen-year-old seniors to my two almost-girlfriends, but it seemed that they'd already gotten somewhat acquainted during the live screening of the festivities upstairs.

"Emma has been telling us all about yesterday," Melanie said. "She went into even more detail than you did."

Around us, people began to roam and merge into different groups, chatting, laughing and dancing here and there as well. Melanie and Amber brought me over to one of the bars, where an actual bartender (a Mediterranean olive-skinned woman in her mid thirties with a glorious cascade of curly black hair), prepared me a rum and coke, which was the only drink I knew how to order when I was twenty. The bartender, who Melanie introduced as Seraphina, was dressed in a smart uniform as she would normally be tending bar in the restaurant downstairs, but the uniform did very little to obscure her generous and pleasant curves.

Besides Seraphina tending bar, I also saw Vanessa moving around with a tray of appetizers. She was also dressed in standard restaurant garb, her wild shock of red hair pulled back into a ponytail.

As for the rest of the party guests: Matt and Tina of course were the hosts. Rachel, Matt's sister, and Joe, her husband (also my boss at the cable company; small fucking world), could be considered co-hosts, as it was Matt and Rachel's family that owned the building. My roommates Jack and Ryan were here along with their girlfriends Stacy and Sarah, although who was technically dating whom was still a little foggy to me on that end. Paul and Mindy, Melanie's parents, were moving through the crowd, and their other daughter Mia I noticed socializing with her classmates. Emma, Sandra, Lily and Mia were all seniors in the same school as Heidi and Angelica, the gorgeous curvy Latina I had met this morning. Paul had also brought along his coworker Trevor: tall, black, and muscled enough to give that gorilla in the elevator a run for his money. My own coworker Marty was here as well, although he'd been invited by Joe, our boss. I was reintroduced to Tina's friend Claire and to another college friend of Tina's, Laura. While Claire's features and coloring led me to guess that she was Indian, Laura was probably the whitest person in the room. She had dyed black hair and an incredible tattoo of what looked like a t-rex skeleton on her back. Her back was bare except for her bra straps, black of course, along with the panties she wore. Her nose was pierced through the middle with a silver ring.

Having been introduced to those I didn't know and greeted those I did, I challenged Melanie and Amber to a game of pool, and they decided to make it a partners game, sending me to find someone I could lose with. Ryan volunteered, and together we made short work of the girls, despite the effort they put in to distract us during our shots.

After two games, the elevator beeped, and Arthur stepped off this time, after letting two couples out onto the floor. One of the couples I knew. Mary and Frank had participated in the orgy at my house a week ago. Mary's signature long blond braid reminded me of a Viking caricature from a Bugs Bunny cartoon, but she was still beautiful, full-breasted and tall. Her husband Frank had missed out on Tina's festivities upstairs, but I suppose there was always next time.

The other couple were something to behold; indeed every single person in the room stopped what they were doing when they walked in, all grace and confidence and beauty. They were maybe five years older than me from what I could tell. The woman was another level of beautiful. In a room full of beautiful women, she shined a dazzling light. It wasn't merely physical beauty, although both of them had that in spades. There was something under the surface that seemed to bend the light of the whole room toward them; a grace and power is the best way I think I can describe it. I immediately wanted to have sex with both of them. I'd been worried about how my performance might be in tonight's orgy, after having blown my load four times already today, but upon the arrival of this new couple, those worries were forgotten. Fatigue slid away in an instant, and the slow ache in my balls vanished.

"Holy shit," Melanie said, standing up from where she'd been lining up a shot on the pool table, her fantastic tits about to spill out of her top.

"Wow," Amber said.

Only after they realized that everyone was staring did they seem to come up short in mild embarrassment. A look passed between them and that feeling of gravity pulling everyone in the room toward them suddenly vanished. There were still two beautiful strangers standing there with Frank and Mary and Arthur, but now they were simply that, and almost as quickly as the party had come to a stop, it resumed. Melanie returned to her pool shot and I looked down and wondered when my cock had gone from a medium-hard to throbbing iron bar.

Tina and Matt greeted the newest guests, and began bringing them around the room making introductions. Frank and Mary were already known to me and my friends, and it was Rachel who introduced Luke and Rebekah to us.

"We met these two up at the lake a few years ago," Rachel said as I shook Luke's hand, feeling a gentle grip that seemed to surround an immense strength.

I could barely muster the breath to say "Pleased to meet you," when shaking Rebekah's hand. Her green eyes seemed to dance with their own light, and her easy smile and generous laugh seemed to brighten the air around her. She was tall, probably five-ten. Sunny blond hair spilled down to her shoulders. Her busty figure was revealed by a curve-hugging green dress.

Ours were the last introductions for the new couple, and Rebekah looked around the room and then at Rachel and Tina. "It looks like I'm a little over-dressed," she said. "I'd just take my dress off, but my meat-brained fiancee here told me to skip the underwear."

"Oh sweetie," Rachel said. "Come right this way. I have a collection!"

Tina and Rachel led Rebekah away, down to the far southern end of the massive room, where three doors led into rooms I hadn't seen, except for a modest office.

"So you guys go to the same lake as Joe and Rachel?" I asked Luke, making conversation. I knew that Joe and Rachel took their summer vacations at a lake several hours away, and Joe's stories about his trips to the cabin had never been terribly detailed, but he had said that they had some friends among the other camp owners.

"Yes," Luke said. For the first time I noticed the incredible bulge in his dress slacks. A thick column extended from the crotch of his pants and down the inside of his right leg. Holy fuck, I thought. "Our church has a big campground up there, and we met Joe and Rachel I don't know... six years ago maybe?"

Uh oh. Who invites church people to an orgy?

* * *

2015

"Fuck me. Fuck me! FUCK ME!" Melanie chanted as I pumped my cock in and out of her tight slick pussy. My hips slapped against her ass, wet in the spray of the shower. Melanie had her hands resting flat against the window that looked out into the common area of our apartment. There was no one there to watch us fuck, but the view would have been that of her gorgeous breasts swinging and bouncing beneath her frame as she leaned against the window and I pounded away behind her.

Amber slapped me once on the ass, and I pulled my cock out of Melanie's pussy. My wife sucked me deep, slurping up the taste of Melanie's juices, then turned me back and slotted my cock head between Mel's pussy lips and I pushed back in to the hilt.

"FUCK!" Melanie screamed. "Give me that fucking cock!"

"Fuck her, baby," Amber cooed. She slipped a hand up my thigh and cupped my swinging balls briefly before going to work rubbing Melanie's clit. "Fuck her tight little pussy and fill it up with your cum!"

"Oh fuck, I'm gonna cum!" I groaned. "Oh fuck oh fuck I'm cumming!"

My balls tightened and roiled and Melanie's pussy started to spasm and clench around my invading girth just as my first thick stream of cum exploded deep inside her.

"AAAAAAAGH!" Melanie screamed as she came.

"FUUUUUUCK!" I roared as I emptied my balls into her cunt.

"Sleep through that, Leanne," Amber said with a giggle.

* * *

Out of the shower, I checked my smart-phone and found a text waiting from Matt. Breakfast in PC . PC was Party Central, the huge rec room Matt had built into his building over thirteen years ago. I'd participated in so many orgies down there over the years that I'd thoroughly lost count. Any occasion that could be spun into a party opportunity was further spun by Matt and Tina into an orgy opportunity. Not that I minded.

I walked naked from the master bedroom and into Leanne's bedroom. She was going to have to get up pretty soon if she wanted to ride with us to the lake. As much as I wanted to climb up on top of her and set my cock in between her two gorgeous tits, I took the high rode and gently shook her shoulder. She grunted and rolled over.

"Breakfast downstairs," I said. "We're hitting the road after that, so you'd better get moving."

"Yeah, yeah," she said. "See you down there. Save me some bacon."

Amber and I dressed in our bedroom, comfortable clothes for a long drive, and walked with Melanie from our apartment down the hall to the elevator. Rachel and Joe waved to us through the window into their main living area as we passed.

Tina and Matt were already eating when we stepped out of the elevator into the massive party room. Someone from the restaurant had brought up a buffet breakfast for their boss and his wife and their friends. And we filled plates with scrambled eggs and bacon and toast.

"Got a call from The Chief this morning," Tina said. "She said it's supposed to be eighty-five degrees up there today."

"Awesome," I said. "I've been dreaming about the plunge into the lake since the day we left last summer."
