 This is partially based on real events. All names have been changed to protect the not so innocent.

Jack Dunborough sat back in his camp chair and sipped the cold IPA in his hand. It had been a fun week with the kids. They liked nothing better than camping at the lake, wakeboarding behind the boat and hanging out with cousins. In years past they had always spent 2 weeks or more doing nothing but boating and camping, but this year's trip had been cut in half for the kids.

Jack regretted the changes to his kids' lives since his divorce, but the break had been necessary. He and his ex had just grown slowly apart. The divorce hadn't been nasty, their assets were amicably divided, but his ex wasn't making his life easy either. The latest example was her insisting that she pick up the kids when his week was done. At least she hadn't insisted that he bring them home himself. Taking another swig, he looked around his quiet campsite, for one reason or another all the regulars had gone home.

It sure as hell is going to be quiet without the kids.

Lake Naciemento was a family campground. During the weekends the spaces filled up with large families from California's central valley and coast, but it was quiet during the week with lots of empty spots. He had his favorite spot, separated from the main camping area, it shared edges with just one other space. With his motor home facing the lake, turned away from the main area, it was like he was alone in the world. He looked forward to the next four days of quiet and planned on packing up before the weekend crush hit.

Jack cracked open another bottle of Stone and lit his barbeque. He was planning on making pizza and had prepped the dough hours earlier. He had learned long ago, you can make just about anything on a barbeque. He let the grill heat up and began to roll out the dough for a few custom pizzas when he heard a large truck pull into the only adjoining space. The F-250 had huge custom wheels and at least a 5 inch lift.

Great, just what I need. A bunch of drunk bros making noise and ruining the rest of my trip.

He was surprised when a pair of cute girls got out of the truck. Neither was very tall, the blonde only 5'4" and her brunette companion a couple inches shorter, almost a full foot shorter than his 6'3". They were dressed similarly, short shorts and cropped shirts. The brunette had her hair pulled back into a long ponytail tucked under a San Francisco Giants hat. The blonde's hair was cut short, almost punky.

Jack continued to pound and roll the dough keeping one eye on the girls. They grabbed a Walmart special tent, a small cooler and a couple of chairs out of the cavernous bed of the Ford. The tent was one of those pieces of crap with nothing more than a handkerchief as a rain-fly. As Jack started to top the pizza he watched the girls struggling to set it up. They were quietly arguing with each other on how the poles were supposed to work, nothing loud but the snippets he caught were priceless. The pizza was already on the grill and he had cracked his third IPA by the time the girls finished.

Jack sat back in his camp chair, turning it a little to the side so he could continue to watch the girls set up their camp. They were extremely easy on the eyes , neither could weigh more than 115 pounds, toned and fit they filled every inch of their tight clothing with beautiful curves. After the tent was set up the blonde girl grabbed a couple small backpacks from the truck and tossed them inside.

The brunette took a bundle of wood, one of those small stacks you could get at any grocery store, and started making a fire. Jack could tell she had no idea what she was doing. His own fire pit was cleaned and ready to go, small kindling stacked carefully over tinder, small pieces ready to keep the flames going until it was ready to add bigger logs. He had a large pile of mixed pine and oak, more than enough to last the next four or five days. His axe was sunk into one of the bigger pieces of pine to be near at hand.

The girls were sweating a little after struggling with the tent, more a glow than anything. It was hot up at the lake during the day, often breaking a hundred, and today was no exception. The nights cooled down into the fifties. He was surprised they were lighting a fire so early but, to each their own, he thought.

Jack checked his pizza: pepperoni, bell peppers, red onions and artichoke hearts, and found the crust perfectly browned. Pulling it off the grill he went inside the motor home to cut it and let it cool for a few minutes. While inside he could hear the girls arguing with each other and decided to eat outside and continue to enjoy the entertainment.

"C'mon Kell, I'm starving get that fire going so we can eat."

"I'm trying dammit. Instead of just sitting there bitching get me something to drink, I'm dying over here."

The blonde girl went to the small cooler and pulled out a bottle of lemonade and another that was obviously vodka and mixed it in a red cup. The brunette took a big swig when it was handed to her.

"Holy shit Kell, trying to take advantage of me? That stuff is strong."

The blonde just laughed and took a drink from her own cup. "Maybe some more lighter fluid, Fawn. "

The brunette sprayed a huge amount of fluid on the wood and then flicked a match at their failure of a fire. Jack wasn't surprised when it flared up and quickly died away. He finally thought he should lend a helping hand.

It wasn't too far between spots, the girls were only 20-30 feet away. Walking toward their space he called out.

"You need a hand?"

"Could you? We don't know what we're doing."

"No problem." Jack went and got his axe and grabbed a handful of tinder from the bag by his own fire and walked over to the girls. "I'm Jack."

He immediately pulled apart their abortive fire, taking all of the logs out of the pit. With a few quick blows he split one of their logs into small kindling. He grabbed each piece competently and assuredly, his sharp axe whacking the soft pine into something usable.

The two girls set back, the brunette spoke up. "I'm Fawn and this is Kelly. It's our first time camping and obviously we're clueless." Both girls were drinking from their large red cups while they watched him work

"No problems, it's what neighbors are for." Jack quickly placed the tinder under some stacked kindling and began to split some larger pieces for feeding the flames.

"You might want to move your truck into the middle of your space. The girls had parked it to the side off of the paved part. "If you don't block the pavement the big 5th wheels and motor homes tend to drive right through here instead of using the road. It's a straight shot into the overflow." Jack nodded over one shoulder to the large dirt area that many people used instead of the established campsites.

"We will," said Kelly.

Within minutes Jack got their fire going and stood up to leave. "There you go girls, have a good night." He had split the rest of their wood into slightly smaller chunks so it would last a little longer. "Don't put too much wood in the fire, it will get cold later and you'll probably want it.

"Thanks Jack. I don't know if I'd ever get the fire going on my own." When Fawn smiled her face lit up and her eyes sparkled, Jack was stunned by how beautiful she was. "We'll have to repay you later."

"It was no trouble at all. You need anything else just ask."

Jack went back to his own area and opened another beer. It was starting to get dark and he thought about making another pizza, but decided he was full. Instead he pulled a sweatshirt and beanie hat on and lit his own fire. Occasionally he looked over to see how the girls were doing, twice catching them looking his way while they quietly talked. The girls were trying to cook hotdogs on coat hangers, but the dogs kept falling off into the fire. When Fawn tried to save one of the hotdogs she dropped the package of buns onto the ground spilling them into the dirt. Jack chuckled.

They certainly don't know what they're doing.

"What the hell Fawn. Now what are we going to eat?"

Jack thought that was his cue to step in again. He strolled over, beer in hand, and said, "Couldn't help but overhear. Have you girls eaten enough?"

Kelly looked at him sheepishly. "I thought it was cute, hotdogs on a stick over an open-fire. We burned the first couple and dropped most of the rest. We're a mess."

"Hey at least you're out here camping. I've got stuff to make pizza at my motor home. Interested?"

"Pizza? How-"

Jack smiled at Fawn. "It's easy. C'mon you can each make your own. I'll show you. You can impress your boyfriends later."

"Boyfriends? That's why we're out here. Right Kell? Nothing but a waste of time back in town."

"Fawn's right, a bunch of good for nothings. Neither of us has had a boyfriend in months."

Jack smiled. "They must not know what they're missing. I wouldnt waste a chance to go out with a couple of beauties like you. I'd be doing my best to impress you into sticking around."

"Well if you can keep you're promise of pizza considered me impressed," said Fawn, laughing. Jack was determined to keep her laughing just to enjoy her beauty.

Jack showed them how to roll the dough and then the choices of topping he had in his fridge. They had a blast making their own personal pizzas and were shocked at how good they tasted after grilling them. The two girls dragged over their small cooler and continued to make vodka and lemonades hanging out with Jack by his fire. He cracked open a fifth beer and settled down to watch them eat.

"I'm getting cold Fawn. Do you want me to get your sweatshirt?" When Kelly got up and stretched Jack couldn't help but almost drool over her tight abs and sweetly jutting breasts. She obviously worked out, or had great genes, most likely both.

"Yeah get mine, or I might blind Jack with my headlights. It's getting a bit nipplely over here."

"I'm sure I wouldn't mind being blinded." Jack smiled at the two. They didn't seem to mind that he was probably twice their age. They couldn't be more than 21 and he be 44 at the end of the month.

"Kell's would blind you far more than my small lamps could."

"Well I've learned that all lamps in the world are rather nice. Yours look like a treat to me."

"Fawn, zip it. Jack just met us. You don't want him to know what a couple of pervs we are." Kelly trotted over to their tent and quickly emerged with a couple of thin sweatshirts.

When she returned, Fawn continued as if she hadn't left. "Maybe he likes pervs. So Jack?"

She arched a carefully sculpted eyebrow under the brim of her Giant's cap, a small smirk played across her face.

"Well I can already tell I like you two, pervs or not."

All three of them laughed. The girls seemed to be settling down showing no intention of returning to their own fire which was guttering out from inattention. They chatted about lots of things. He found out that Fawn was 20 and a sophomore at UCSB; Kelly was nineteen and going to community college in Santa Maria where they had both grown up. They had been friends for the last ten years and this was one of their last flings before the summer ended. When Jack told him he was 43, they were shocked. They thought he was only his early to mid-thirties. Jack liked the compliments, he knew that he was in good shape, with almost no gray in his hair or in the short goatee he sported. He told them about his divorce and how he was up at the lake by himself because his kids had just left and they expressed their sympathy.

After a while he excused himself to take a piss. When he was about to step back out of the motor home he saw the two of them leaning toward each other talking quietly. Fawn shivered violently and they started to giggle.

"You girls might want to put on some more clothes. It's going to get colder."

"You don't like looking at us half dressed?" Kelly's grin was devilish. It was obvious she was a big flirt and enjoyed every minute of it.

When he was younger Jack might have been nonplussed, but he'd learned some things in his old age. "If it was up to me, girls as smoking hot as you two would be required to be naked, but I'm just warning you it's going to get a lot colder before it gets warmer."

The two girls laughed, before Fawn asked a bit worriedly, "Serious? I don't think I brought more than this and we just have a couple of thin sleeping bags. We looked at the weather it was a 100° today."

"Yeah, but the lake gets cold at night. Probably down to the low fifties."

"Shit Kell, you were right. We should have brought more blankets."

"No worries, we'll just cuddle tonight."

"Now I'd pay money to see that." Jack smiled and leaned back in his chair. "If you get too cold you can always cuddle in my motor home."

The two girls laughed again. Jack loved their laughs, bright and true interrupted with the occasional snort, none of the controlled laughter some girls practiced.

They chatted for a while longer until the girls ran out lemonade. They said good night, with what Jack thought was a little regret and then got up and headed back to their own spot. Fawn seemed a little unsteady on her feet and leaned into Kell. Both were complaining how cold it was away from the fire. Jack knocked down his fire to coals, poured himself a Jameson, neat, from the motor home, and then settled in to make sure his fire burned out. He could hear the occasional giggle from the girl's tent and smiled at the good time he'd had that evening.

As he went to bed he noticed the wind was picking up off the lake and the moon was slipping in and out of dark clouds.

He woke up to rain pounding against the motor home roof. He was a little surprised, it didn't often rain during the summer at the lake, but he had sat through one year where it rained for five days straight. He dozed off again with one worried thought about how the girls were holding up.

He was startled again when he heard a knock on the door.

"Jack. Are you awake?" He knew it was Kelly, she sounded tired and cold.

"Just a second." Jack pulled on a pair of running shorts, he normally slept naked, onething his ex had always hated, and padded over to the door. The girls were huddled under his awning, soaked to the skin hair plastered around their faces. If they weren't so obviously miserable Jack might have laughed at how even the rain couldn't make them look bad.

"Get in here, you two are soaked."

"Thanks Jack. Fawn is really cold, she can't stop shivering. Our piece of shit tent collapsed on top of us and all of our stuff is soaked."

Jack could see that Fawn was clearly in distress, holding her arms tight to her thin body, her lips were blue and her teeth chattered.

"Shit, she could be hypothermic. You need to get her out of all her wet clothes and we need to dry her off." Jack went to the closet and grabbed some towels. He noticed Kelly hesitate for just a second. "Look I'm not trying to take advantage of you. I'm wilderness first aid certified and hypothermia is nothing to screw with."

Kelly nodded and helped Jack strip Fawn out of the short pajama bottoms and thin tank top she was wearing. Jack was all business as he roughly dried off Fawn, but couldn't help notice how perfect she was. She couldn't have been taller than 5'1" and weighed at most 105 pounds, but she had the cutest ass and perfect apple sized tits. He also couldn't help but notice the tiny landing strip over her otherwise waxed pussy. Currently her entire body was one giant goosebump.

"You too Kelly, strip out of those wet things, dry off and then the two of you get into my bed. Body heat is the best way to warm up a hypothermic person."

Kelly stripped out of her clothes as he continued to dry Fawn. She didn't seem embarrassed at all and made little effort to hide herself from Jack. Her worried look made her even cuter. She was built much like Fawn, lean dancer's body, but her tits were bigger probably 32Ds. When she turned her hard full ass distracted him for a moment, she had a sexy flower tattoo that ran up one hip and scrolled around the small of her back. Jack noticed out of the corner of her eye that she was waxed completely smooth.

When Fawn was dry he ushered her to the bed and tucked her in, putting an extra blanket over her. "Get in close to her Kelly, she needs warmth. I'll make some hot chocolate." He could hear Fawn's teeth still chattering as he heated up some water. Soon enough he was in the back bedroom.

"Here you go Fawn." He handed one cup to Kelly and then sat on the edge of the bed and helped Fawn sit up and sip the warm beverage. It seemed to help, her color got better and she stopped chattering but she still was shivering.

"Look Kelly, I'm going to get in too. If we sandwich together it will help bring her core temperature up and she should be all right."

"Do what you need to Jack, we trust you."

Jack climbed into the bed, taking his shorts off because skin to skin contact was the quickest way to transfer warmth. After a little struggle they got Fawn snuggled between the two of them, his right arm wrapped over them both, resting on the small of Kelly's back. The rain continued to pound down on the roof of the motor home and despite his best intentions he fell asleep.

He woke from a great dream where he was having sex with a stripper that he sometimes hung out with back in his hometown. In his drowsy state he thought about masturbating his morning wood away when he realized he was still tightly pressed up against Fawn and his hand was caressing Kelly's butt.

He slowly moved his hand back up her back and was surprised when she sleepily pulled it back down to her ass and left it there. He worried about his raging hard-on bothering Fawn, but couldn't shift away because of the tight quarters on the motor home bed. The more he thought about it the harder he seemed to get, his cock pressed against her thighs. He couldn't believe what was happening, in bed with two gorgeous girls, too bad he couldn't take advantage.

He tried to shift towards the edge to get some separation but Fawn just shifted closer murmuring, "Where you going Jack?" She sidled closer, legs slightly opening, trapping his hard cock between her thighs.

He felt like he could hammer nails with his hard-on. Fawn's small head nestled into his shoulder, her breathing soft and heavy. He didn't think she was awake, but his cock was aching now just inches away from her cunt. Again he tried to move without waking the girls, but stopped cold when Fawn spoke again.

"Somebody's happy to be next to me." She kissed him on the collarbone. "Thank you for saving my life, I thought I was going to freeze." Her little mouth moved up to his neck and started nuzzling there, small sucking kisses.

"Uh, Fawn. I'm sorry..."

"About what? Kelly and I were talking about how to get you naked, just didn't think it would take a rainstorm to get there."

"I'm old enough to..."

"Shut up, you're hot. So sexy the way you just took charge and took care of us. When you made our fire I'd already decided I was going to find a way to get your cock between my legs and now it is." He felt her small hand reach down and stroke the head of his dick, the rest of his shaft still trapped between her thighs. "And a nice cock it is."

"Fawn, I'm not sure we should be doing this. Hypothermia is nothing to screw with."

"No, but I am."

"Kelly's right next to us."

"If she wakes up she can join in."

Jacks cock surged. He had never been with two girls before and in reality had only slept with a handful of women. He had started dating his ex when she was a high school senior and he was in college. There had only been one girl before and a couple since the divorce.

"Oh somebody likes that idea. I'd wake her up right now, but I want a chance to have you for myself." Every time she stopped whispering, she continued to nip and kiss his neck and shoulders. "Now stop yapping and start kissing me.
