 This story began loosely based on real events. It has unfortunately turned into Fiction. All names have been changed to protect the not-so innocent. It may help to read the previous chapters of this story but is probably not essential. It's been two years since the last installment, but somehow life got in the way and I had to stop working on it. All characters are over 18. 

***** 

Jack heated up some homemade beans and salsa to go with the carne asada he was grilling. People were always surprised with the food he brought camping, but all it took was a little organization and it was easy to have really good meals. The girls asked what they could do to help, but he told them to relax, he had everything under control. 

He enjoyed hearing them talk about getting ready for their upcoming school years. He was reminded how young Melanie was when she casually mentioned she started high school after Labor Day and was looking forward to her senior year. 

"She wasn't held back," Fawn said. "She was so tiny and an August birthday. My parents started her in kindergarten a year late and now she's always one of the oldest kids in her class." 

"On the plus side, I drove as a sophomore. I was the most popular girl in my class." 

"That's not the only reason you were popular." Kelly said. 

"Oh, who did I learn it all from?" 

"You did have good teachers." Kelly leaned over and gave Fawn a high five. 

All three of the girls broke out into giggles and Kelly poured them another round of lemon drops. 

"If I didn't know any better I'd say Jack was trying to get us drunk so he can take advantage of us," Fawn said sotto vocce. 

"You'd probably be right," Jack said. Carne asada grills fast and after a few minutes he pulled the meat off and put it a covered pan to rest a few minutes before chopping. In the meantime he heated up some flour tortillas on a comal. Nothing was worse than cold tortillas and he had never figured out why some people didn't learn how to heat them properly. 

The girls devoured their burritos. It was amazing how much food three relatively small humans could pack away. Jack got the fire going as it was starting to get dark and the temperature was dropping quickly. The girls disappeared into the motor home and returned in the warmer clothes they had asked Melanie to bring. Jack wasn't disappointed; if anything the skin tight running pants and form hugging jackets just accentuated their beauty and did little to hide their bodies. 

Jack poured himself a Jameson, neat, and all three girls asked to have one of their own. He sipped the smooth whiskey, enjoying the 15 year old Irish potstill. The girls disintegrated into a sputtering crowd. 

"Pfagh. How do you drink this?" Fawn held her cup out as if it was attacking her. 

"Slowly and with pleasure." 

The girls sipped again, this time there were only some grimaces, but no outright spitting. 

"It does make my belly feel warm." Kelly looked at her cup and slowly swirled the whiskey inside before drinking the rest. "Reminds me of cum. At first it's like what the hell? And then you decide hey it's not so bad. Next thing you know, you can't wait till you have it again." 

Fawn snorted the whiskey she had just started to sip and then began to cough. Melanie whacked her sister across the back even while laughing. 

"See what I meant about good teachers." Melanie's smile was devilish. 

"I'll have to take your word for that Kelly. I think I'll stick with whiskey." Jack was amazed at how open these girls were about sex. A far cry from when he was their age. 

The four of them settled down around the fire and watched as an ocean of stars slowly appeared in the darkening sky. Even with the bright moon, the Milky Way was a thick band of white. The girls oohed and aahed when they saw some shooting stars. The Perseid meteor shower hit every year during the second week of August, but this year most of the show was washed out by the moonlight. Jack sat back as the girls talked about their upcoming school years and gave Melanie some useful, if sometimes scandalous, advice about how to handle her senior year. 

They were fun to listen to. Quick witted, they zinged each other every chance they got, but it was obvious all three girls cared for each other. 

"Enough about us. Jack tell us about you." Fawn turned and looked at Jack. Her large hazel eyes reflected the firelight as she leaned toward him. "What do you do?" 

"I'm boring. Divorced dad of three, not much else to tell." 

"Bullshit. How come you have time to hang out and corrupt us innocent girls." Kelly sipped at her cup. It was her second or third hit of the Jameson, she wasn't kidding when she said she'd started to like it. 

"Well I'm not sure who's doing the corrupting. I used to be an attorney, but now I'm a writer." 

"Like J.K Rowling?" Melanie asked. 

"I wish. I've had some success, but nothing like her." 

"Well, don't hold out on us. What have you written?" Kelly tucked her legs under her and settled back in her chair. 

"Mostly Science Fiction and Fantasy. The ones that sold the best were 'The Veil' series." 

"Kevin's going to shit. He read all of those. He even got me to read the first book." Kelly looked at the other two. "It's pretty good. I'm not a huge reader but I liked 'Piercing the Veil.'" 

"You like anything that involves piercing your veil." Fawn laughed and the others joined in. 

"Oh, so now I'm the only one who does any piercing." 

"No that would be Jack." All four of them burst out laughing at Melanie's quip. 

"So, Mr. Writer, how come a total catch like you is alone?" Kelly asked. 

"My kids are with my ex. She has main custody because of school. I only get them a few weeks a year. That was the worst part of getting divorced." 

"Bad marriage?" Kelly seemed to enjoy digging for information. She leaned forward like a detective grilling a suspect. 

"Not so much bad, as blah. Neither of us was happy. We didn't fight much, just mainly ignored each other. It was almost like being single even though we lived together. I was willing to stick it out until the kids were grown, but we finally decided that it just wasn't a healthy environment." 

Jack leaned back in his chair and sipped his whiskey. "She moved back to live near her parents after the divorce and was able to get main custody so the kids could be in school. I'd move closer to them myself, but I'd lose my shirt with the way the housing market is." 

"So where does Mr. Writer live?" Kelly poured herself more of the whiskey. 

"Careful, little girls like you might not be able to handle too much of the water of life." 

"Who you calling little?" Kelly poured herself an even bigger shot. "I've never heard whiskey called that before." 

"You can blame the Irish. God gave them uisce beath so that they wouldn't conquer the world." 

"He's dodging the question Kell." Fawn gave Jack a look from under an arched brow. 

"No dodging here." Jack held up his hands to ward off an imaginary blow. "I live in Santa Barbara, on Mission Canyon Road." 

"Wow, those are some expensive homes over there." Fawn poured herself some more Jameson. "I'm starting to like this stuff. You were right Kell; it does grow on you. That practically makes you my neighbor." 

"Too expensive. We bought the place practically at the top of the market right after I had won some big lawsuits and the price still hasn't recovered. During the divorce my ex, agreed to walk away from the house leaving me with all the debt." 

Melanie had been quiet the entire time only occasionally sipping at her whiskey. "So where do your kids live now?" 

"That's the shitty part. They're in San Diego, the oldest is just going into eighth grade. Some days I think about walking away from the house just to move down there, but I haven't made the jump yet." 

Jack stood up. "Enough depressing stuff. You three don't want to hear my sob story. Who wants s'mores?" 

All three girls squealed their approval and he ducked into the motor home to get the fixings. Within minutes they were all enjoying the gooey deserts. Jack made the mistake of allowing Melanie to feed him one and she "accidentally" smeared it across his nose. Giggling she raced away as he jumped up to catch her. 

"I'm sorry." She gasped just as he grabbed her up. 

"Oh, you will be." Jack growled. "Naughty girls get spanked around here." The other two girls laughed as Jack carried the barely struggling Melanie back to his camp chair and put her over his knee. He knew she wasn't trying to escape when she arched her back to put her small round butt further in harm's way. 

"I'll be good." Melanie looked back over her shoulder with a Cheshire cat smile. "If you let me up I'll lick the s'mores off your face." 

Instead, Jack gave her a smack on her ass that had the other two girls hooting with laughter. 

"Ow." Melanie's eyes opened a little wider with the force of the impact. "That hurt a tiny bit, but I don't think I learned my lesson." 

Jack gave her a few more spanks, switching from cheek to cheek and then placed her lightly on her feet. Melanie rubbed her sore butt and then bent down and lightly licked his cheeks and nose. 

"Maybe I should have smeared more on you. I think you let me off too light." 

The other girls started to egg Jack on until he grabbed up the eighteen year old and threw her over his shoulder as she mock struggled. "I can fix that," he said as he carried her to the motor home. 

"Help," Melaine cried. 

"I'll help Jack hold you down you little slut." Kelly jumped up with a gleam in her eye. 

"Me too." Fawn scrambled from her chair. "You always get away with murder, now it's payback." 

"You two are just mean." Melanie gave a little shriek as Jack smacked her hard on her bubble butt and disappeared into the motor home. 

Jack carried the little minx back to his bed where he unceremoniously dumped her. Fawn and Kelly were right behind her and before Mel could even twist around they grabbed her wrists and ankles. 

"About time someone taught this little brat a lesson." Fawn crawled up onto the head of the bed and stretched Mel's arms to their full length. "She's always acting like a little princess, thinks she's better than the rest of us." 

"Just because I'm perfect, doesn't mean you have to be jealous." Mel stuck her tiny pink tongue out at her older sister. 

Kelly held the unresisting eighteen year old's ankles with one hand using the other to quickly pull down her skin tight leggings, exposing Mel's little round ass. She obviously hadn't been wearing any underwear as the leggings slipped down her legs. "Now, she can get the spanking she deserves." 

Jack knew all three girls were adventurous and had high hopes for the evening's entertainment, but the tableau before him was above and beyond anything he could have hoped for. His cock was straining against his boardshorts and he could feel pre-cum drooling already. He hadn't been so turned on since he was a teenager and first found his uncle's girlie magazines. 

"You're not going to spank me, are you?" Mel arched her back, pushing her delectable ass into the air and slowly wiggled it. "I'm sure I haven't been that bad." 

Jack smiled and sat down on the bed, one large hand reached out and rubbed her soft cheeks. "The other girls think you deserve it." He slowly caressed her smooth skin before his hand quickly flew up and then smacked her ass with a loud clap. 

"Ow!" Mel's eyes widened in surprise at the sudden pop on her butt. "I'll be good." 

"What do you think girls?" Jack raised his hand over Mel's tanned ass and looked at the other two. 

Kelly and Fawn looked at each other and then looked at Mel, who was stared back with sad puppy dog eyes and a cute little pout. They turned to Jack and almost as one they said, "Spank the little bitch." 

"Shit." Mel laughed and buried her head into the sheets. Jack snapped his hand down working one cheek and then the other as the tiny girl squirmed on the bed. She made a big commotion as if trying to break free from her sister and Kelly but Jack could tell she was enjoying his hand. Her ass rising in the air to meet each swat was a tell-tell sign, as was the copious amounts of juice running down her legs. 

"The little slut likes it." Kelly dipped her finger under Mel's cheeks and swirled around the younger girl's dripping pussy and then licked the juice off her finger like a cat getting into the cream. "Mmmmm, she might be sweeter than you Fawn." 

Melanie groaned as Kelly dipped her finger back into her steamy center, pushing back against the older girl's palm. 

Jack sat back and watched as the punky blonde quickly frigged the little elf and then was shocked when Kelly offered her dripping fingers to Fawn, who didn't hesitate to suck them between her bee-stung lips. His cock surged in his shorts and he was surprised he didn't cum on the spot. Fawn's perfect pink tongue swirled around her friend's fingers and then licked her lips as Kelly returned to finger fucking the younger sister. 

"She's always tasted sweet as candy." Fawn looked at Jack and winked. "I think we all have too many clothes on." Letting go of her sister's wrists she shrugged out of her fleece jacket and peeled off her leggings. She wasn't wearing anything underneath her clothes either. 

Kelly yanked Mel's leggings down around her ankles and pulled her knees apart before shoving her tongue deep into the younger girl's upturned pussy. Mel groaned into the sheets, slightly drooling as she was being eaten out. 

Fawn jumped off the bed and began tugging at Jack's sweatshirt. "C'mon old man, less gawking and more fucking needs to be happening in here." 

Jack was still processing Fawn's idle comment about her younger sister's taste. He dropped his shorts letting his thick cock swing free in the air. It was an angry red, hard as a hammer and drooling pre-cum from its pulsing head. He let the beautiful brunette tug his sweatshirt over his head and dipped down to catch her lips with his own. Soon the two were tongue wrestling. He grabbed Fawn's peach shaped ass and swung her to the bed. 

"I want that thick cock in me." Fawn yanked Jack's head as he started to trail kisses down her tan body. "I've been thinking it about since you teased me on the boat." 

He barely hesitated, before sliding up her body and fisting his member in one hand. He quickly tested her dripping pussy and was surprised at how steamy hot she already was. He figured she must have been telling the truth about her arousal and slid himself between her clinging walls. Her pussy was like a glove, perfectly stretching around his throbbing cock and he rested a moment between her legs enjoying just being with her. A quick smack on his ass told him she wanted him to get moving and he began to piston in and out of her dripping center. 

"He does have a nice cock." Mel had rolled over onto her side and sidled up the bed, her face just inches from Fawn's. Kelly was still hungrily lapping at her dripping cunt. "I can't wait to get that monster into me." 

Jack's eyes got wide as Mel reached over and idly fondled her older sister's jutting breasts, pinching and tugging at her nipples. 

"Wait your turn bitch." Fawn groaned as Jack continued to fuck her. "I'm not going to be done with him for a while." 

Mel just smiled and twisted her head to suck one of Fawn's gumdrop nipples into her mouth and began to suck in earnest. 

"Oh shit." Fawn shuddered under Jack, obviously caught up in an orgasm. She pulled her younger sister from her breast and drew her into a steamy kiss. 

Jack almost blew his wad right then, frantically tightening his kegel muscle. The two sisters obviously were no strangers to one another; their two pink tongues fighting a frantic war on his motor home bed. After regaining control he began to pound Fawn with long strokes, practically pulling his entire cock from her dripping cunt before slotting it home. With each plunge downward the brunette groaned into her sister's mouth. 

Mel finally broke free from Fawn's death grip and pulled Kelly up by her ears before frantically French kissing the blonde. At some point Kelly had stripped off her clothes and was as naked as the other two girls. The two rolled across the bed, lost in their own world as Jack turned his full attention to the gasping brunette beauty beneath him. Fawn kept encouraging him to fuck her harder and faster and he did his best to comply. 

Just when he thought he couldn't hold out any longer she shuddered and let out a low feral groan as a massive orgasm ripped through her body. Her pussy locked down on his cock as she clamped her lithe legs around his ass. The combination caused him to erupt and he pumped what felt like a gallon of cum into her. 

Jack fell to the bed stunned by how strong he had just cummed, his thick cock wetly smacking onto his stomach, awash with a mix of Fawn and his own juices. Fawn sprawled on the bed, sweaty hair sticking to her face. Neither was given more than a moment's rest before Mel slurped his throbbing cock into her mouth and Kelly descended on her friend's dripping pussy. 

"Shit." Fawn moaned tugging at her friend's hair. 

"Told you I Iiked how you two tasted." Kelly smiled like a cat, as she lapped the cum from her friend's dripping core. Fawn's nether lips were swollen and her clit was an angry little knot. 

"They do taste good together." Mel popped off of Jack's cock, her small pink tongue swirling around her lips. Jack was shocked that he had barely softened and his cock was already surging back to life. He hadn't had so many erections since he was a teenager, but with all the delicious girl-flesh around him he felt himself standing at attention again. 

Mel quickly clambered up his body kneeling over his resurgent cock. She leaned down and locked lips with him. He could taste Fawn and what had to be his own cum on her tongue but didn't hesitate to kiss the elfin beauty. Mel slowly lowered her well primed cunny onto his straining member. She was obviously ready as her juices flowed freely over his cock, but he could feel every last centimeter as he struggled to enter her. She was the tightest pussy he had ever had, and his cock felt like it was on fire as she descended. When her little bubble butt finally rested on his thighs, he was glad he had already cum. If not, he would have surely blown his wad just entering her. He could feel her pulse pounding through her deliciously hot cunt. It was amazing. 

Mel rested on her haunches for just a moment before sliding back up his dick and then dropping back down. Within moments the tiny girl was jack hammering up and down his cock, her cunt a tight vise with a death grip. He started to rub one thick thumb on her prominent clit and she began to pant as her orgasm began to build. When Kelly and Fawn began to tag team Mel's peach sized titties, the younger girl went off like a roman candle yipping and mewling as she began to drool. Jack was shocked when her eyes rolled up into the back of her head and she dropped like a marionette with her strings cut. 

Her tight pussy grabbed his cock as the other two girls helped lower Mel to the bed, before obscenely popping free. Kelly quickly jumped to her knees her perfect ass teasingly swaying at Jack. He didn't need a second offer and quickly slotted himself home into her dripping cunt. Fawn cuddled with her sister, quietly kissing her and rubbing her breasts as the younger girl regained consciousness. 

Kelly was obviously enjoying Jack's thick cock, chanting an almost stream of mostly incoherent "Fuck-mes" as he slid in and out of her. When he pushed his thumb against her winking starfish she looked back with a feral gleam in her eye. "Do it." 

It was all Jack needed. Kelly's ass was a work of art, absolute perfection, perfectly round and amazingly firm with a light dusting of fine blond hair on her cheeks. Between her cheeks she obviously waxed everything as there wasn't a single hair marring her undercarriage. Jack stopped sawing in and out of her dripping pussy and dipped his fingers into her honey. Using her own juices he slipped one finger into her amazingly tight ass. Kelly moaned into the sheets as he slowly began to stretch her anus. Continuing to work first one and then two fingers into her rear chute he pulled open a drawer and took out a bottle of Astro-glide. Lubing up his fingers he was able to get three of them into her before she pulled her ass away and commanded he fuck her. 
