 Trish, Diane and I fucked our little hearts out. I soon had Trish's tight pussy stretched slightly so it didn't chafe my cock quite so much. Either Diane or I licking her sweet pussy and getting her juices flowing helped also. With my beautiful wife watching, or participating I managed to fuck our beautiful neighbor in almost all the positions possible. I also loved to watch the two make love. They bought several toys and used them to make love to each other. I watched, or used the camcorder to photograph the two. We made some very interesting tapes. 

Then finally it happened. Diane invited Joanne down for a week. Joanne accepted the invitation as her husband was going to take the kids to Disneyland, somewhere Joanne didn't really want to go. Trish, Diane and I sat up several nights talking about Joanne and how to bring Trish into the lovemaking, as well as yours truly. 

Diane and I picked up Joanne at the airport. We hugged, and I gave her a brief brotherly kiss on the lips. Her body pressed briefly against mine and I felt her firm breasts against my chest. That made my manhood twitch. Her hips didn't make contact with mine. Diane got just a little longer kiss from her. Their bodies press full length against each other. I saw Diane's jaw drop just slightly and knew her tongue had slipped out to caress Joanne's lips fleetingly. I would have never noticed that before. She was lovely as always. She had lost a little weight since the last time I'd seen her. She's tall and slender, with small pointed breasts. She was wearing a dress that accentuated her slender build, and was low cut enough to expose the slopes of her breasts. Tasteful, and tasty, I noted. 

She had Diane and I both getting excited, just having her between us in the car. We got tantalizing glimpses of her small perfect breasts as she talked and moved her arms talking. Her dress rode up a little exposing her long shapely legs. My cock got annoyingly stiff, and I couldn't adjust it with her beside me. If she noticed our arousal, she gave no indication. Diane's hand stroked the skin of her bare neck. I think that got her a little excited. She laid her hand on Diane's thigh and moved it slightly from time to time as she talked. Nothing overt between two women, if you didn't know they had been intimate together. 

We made her comfortable in the guest bedroom, and Diane helped her unpack. I left the two together and went down the hall, to our bedroom. The two TV sets were already on and I quickly changed the channels. I had bought two of the new tiny TV cameras and placed one hidden in the spine of a book in the shelf looking slightly down on the bed from the side. The other was in the lamp over the bed looking straight down. Now in beautiful color, Diane and Joanne stood hugging each other and kissing. 

"God, I've missed you." Joanne sighed. I could even hear them kissing softly, and the rustle of clothes. Damn the camera and sound system was good. 

"Oh me too, you lovely woman." Diane cooed. "Your body feels so good against me. You drove me crazy in the car. I wanted your hand in my pussy. I wanted to put my hand into your dress and touch your beautiful breasts. Now I can. Oh, your skin is so soft and smooth. Your nipple is hard as can be. I want to kiss it."

"Won't Don hear us?" Joanne asked hesitantly.

"No, he's probably wrapped up watching some dumb TV show. Besides, I locked the door. He doesn't suspect a thing. I'm just your loving sister-in-law, helping you unpack your things."

"I want to take a quick shower. I feel grungy from the trip. I want my pussy to be clean and fresh when you slip that talented tongue of yours in it. I'll only be a minute." Joanne said taking off her blouse.

Diane took off her blouse and laid it on the bed. "Hurry Darling, I'm going to get undressed and wait for you naked. Maybe that will hurry your shower up! But wash your sweet pussy and ass good. I want to really eat you. I'll be right here stroking my clit and getting it ready for you." She undressed slowly, doing a little strip tease for me, holding her breasts and offering them to me as I watched. She lay on the bed naked and spread her thighs wide. She really did stroke her clit slowly. She closed her eyes and was really getting with it, when Joanne came into the room brethtakingly naked. 

God, she was beautiful. The years had added to her beauty. She was now a mature woman, with a gorgeous figure. She stood and looked at Diane then fondled her breasts and pulled at her nipples hardening them. "It's been so long since we've made love. My breasts have swollen just thinking about it. My clit has been tingling all day. My panties were simply drenched. I'm surprised that my dress wasn't wet in back. I almost came in the shower washing my pussy and ass. My clit is hard as can be. Did you miss me, Diane?" Her breasts were magnificent, small perfectly shaped rounded cones, the areolas very puffy and swollen. They looked like 16-year-olds breasts with no sag at all. The nipples seemed to stick out a half inch. Her belly was rounded, and below she had trimmed her bush to a neat perfect heart above her pussy. Below she was clean-shaven. Her thighs are long and shapely. She leaned over the bed and kissed Diane's stomach, then got into bed with her. They rolled together, thighs and legs twining. 

"Are you sure Don won't come in here?" Joanne asked again. 

"Positive, I locked the door." Diane said kissing her. She had locked the door, but I wasn't about to come in anyway. I could watch them on the TV, beside that, I had a VCR taping each camera. 

For the next half-hour I watched the two beautiful women make passionate love. I sat and slowly stroked my cock while I watched. Damn they were really going after each other. I resisted the temptation to cum. I wanted to save myself for later. They were relatively quiet in lovemaking as I was in the house, but their moans and sobs came out loud and clear over the TV. I could ever near the little sucking sounds their lips made, and the squishing sounds as fingers slid in and out of pussies. I marveled at the fidelity of the tiny cameras. They went into a 69 and got each other off for one final orgasm. They pulled apart and got up. Joanne went to wash the pussy juices off her body again. Diane slipped her clothes on, and said she'd see Joanne downstairs, she had to wash up a little. They kissed and Diane came down to our bedroom. 

She grinned when she saw my cock out hard and red from my stroking it. Without a word, she pulled her panties off and came over and straddled me, she grabbed my cock, wet with my precum and guided it to her pussy. She sank down and I slid all the way into her sopping pussy. It felt so wonderful enveloping m cock as she slid smoothly down.

"Your beautiful sister's tongue was just inside my pussy. Now I have your fat, long cock in it." She thrust her tongue inside my mouth. I could smell Joanne's pussy juice on her face. She mashed her mouth to mine. "I just had my tongue inside her pussy and her pussy juice is all over my face. Lick your sister's pussy juice off your wife's lips while you fuck me."

I didn't have to be encouraged, I was on fire from watching the two make love. I licked her lips and thrust my tongue into her mouth and sucked her tongue while I thrust my hips up hard against her pussy. She had her feet on either side of me and lifted her ass as I thrust in and out. She was on fire and so was I. Her pussy muscles squeezed my cock as she rode me, and the exotic smell and taste of my sister's pussy on her face made me explode in record time. She came with me and we had to make a real effort not to scream out as we came. 

We went into the bathroom and cleaned up quickly then she went downstairs. Joanne was already down there. I came down a little later saying I'd taken a nap. I had a hard time keeping my cock from bulging out as I looked at Joanne and thought about her licking my wife's pussy. She had lost some weight and looked very good. The thin top she wore showed off her nice tits and the nipples were visible. She'd slipped into some tight fitting shorts that really set off her long shapely legs and magnificent ass. I complemented her on her figure. My mouth watered at the sight of those beautiful tits. She just as well might have been nude up top. I tried not to stare at them. I'd just seen them in living color, while Diane sucked and licked them to hard erect points. I could see I was going to have a hard time of it while she was visiting. I hoped I would get to fuck her lovely body. 

After dinner we talked a lot, catching up. Bedtime came and I went up first, leaving the girls alone for a while. Diane had told me she wouldn't make love to Joanne downstairs, so I went into the bedroom and turned on both TV's and cameras. A few minutes later they came up stairs and Joanne went into her bedroom. Diane came into ours and told me she was going to make love to Joanne again. They'd kissed and gotten hot downstairs but she'd told her she wanted to make sure I was in bed asleep before she came back into her bedroom. She brushed her teeth, slipped into a sexy negligée, dabbed a bit of perfume on, kissed me and told me to just watch her. 

I watched as the door opened and Diane went into Joanne's bedroom. Joanne had already put on her nightgown and was lying on the bed waiting. Diane locked the door behind her, and told her that I was sound asleep, and she had taken the precaution of closing our bedroom door also that they had as long as they wanted to make love. 

The two lovely women lay down and resumed their kisses and caresses. Joanne was the aggressor this time and quickly slipped Diane's gown off as well as her own. Diane had made sure they lights were on, but softly so I could see every detail of the lovemaking. She told Joanne she wanted to see every lovely detail of her body.

Joanne moved over Diane and kissed her breasts and licked her body for a long time before she moved down to her spread pussy. Diane slid her thighs apart, and brought her thighs up to her breasts giving her lover her wet love nest. 

"God, I've missed you. It's been so long since I was able to make love to this sweet juicy pussy of yours." Joanne cooed, punctuating her words with kisses, and licks.

"Ohhh, Baby, that's sooo good. I love your mouth on my pussy. You are such a good lover. Yes, suck my clit. It's so hard and aches. Suck it harder. Yes, like that. Mnnn, you must have been practicing. Have you?" Diane asked breathlessly. 

"Yes, I've been practicing on a lovely young thing. She's Becky's best friend. She's wild and I'm teaching her all sorts of nasty things to do to my pussy. Her pussy is so tender and sweet. I wished you could have been there." Joanne said between long pauses to kiss and suck my lovely wife's pussy. Becky is her lovely daughter. 

"Ohhh, yes, Lover. Oh shit, suck my clit harder. I'm coming, I'm coming. Ohhhhh, yes!" Diane cried out. I had my cock in hand and lay naked watching, stroking it softly. Diane writhed on the bed as my sister ate her to a long and vocal climax. She lay there panting for a while then moved up beside her. "Damn, you are good. I love having you eat my pussy. Oh, Baby, I've missed you."

They kissed for a while and Diane stroked her body slowly. "Have you been practicing too?" Joanne asked.

"Mnnn, yes. Trish, the gal next door is beyond belief. She's sexy as hell. Don would love to fuck her. She comes over a lot and I go over to her house too. The other day while Don was mowing the lawn, she came over and we made love in the kitchen on the counter while he was outside mowing. He'd love to have come in and found us making it together. He'd have wanted to join in." They laughed. 

"We'll have to have her over and have a three-way. You'll love her, literally. She's a very good lover, too. God, she's sexy. But enough about her. I want to eat your sweet juicy pussy. I hope you put out as much love juice as you did the last time I made love to you." Diane said moving down to kiss Joanne's small lovely breasts. 

I watched as she sucked and tongued them. She moved slowly down, kissing every inch of her body till her face was buried in my sister's sexy pussy. I wished the cameras had a zoom so I could really get a close look at her red, wet flesh. I watched the two TV's as Diane's tongue slid into her pussy, licking up her juices. She slid two fingers up inside Joanne and I could tell from the position of her hand that she was stroking and rubbing her g-spot. Joanne cried out and moaned, thrusting her hips upward. 

"Ohhh, yes, there. If you keep that up, you'll get a mouth full of my pussy juices. It makes me gush out my juices. Ohhh, shit, rub my clit. Oh Sweetheart, I'm going to cum. Rub my spot, just a little harder. Oh yes, I'm going to cum. Now. Now!" Joanne cried out her voice quavering with passion. Her hips shot upward and Diane's mouth moved down to her pussy, opening wide. She kept her mouth several inches from Joanne's open spread pussy. I wondered why, till Joanne cried out in ecstasy and I saw a stream of her pussy juice shoot out into the waiting mouth of my wife, while her finger stroked her clit outside, and her g-spot inside. 

I had never seen anything like it except in a porn movie. Her juices pumped out in one spurt then another. I cried out as my hand flew over my rock hard cock and I shot my own juices out to fly almost up to my shoulder. I'd never seen it live, and it was my wife and my sister, making love. My cock shot load after load of my hot sperm out till I fell back spent. Joanne back, thighs spread while Diane stroked her thighs and slowly licked her thighs and open pussy. Finally she moves up beside her and they lay kissing and holding each other.

"I'm glad Don is asleep. I'm glad you closed your bedroom door too. We did make a lot of noise. I'd hate for him to come out and hear us making love. But, I couldn't help it. You are really a good lover." Joanne said kissing Diane. 

"Yeah, he would probably want to come in here and join us." Diane said laughing. "I'll bet he has wanted to make love to you. Most brothers want to fuck their sisters, and you are one good-looking sister. Did you ever want to make love to him?"

"Yeah, I guess I probably did. He is good looking and was a sexy stud when he was growing up. He let me see his big cock several times - 'accidentally' on purpose. Of course I teased him too. I'd let him get a peek at my tits or ass, just by accident. I even let him have a good shot of my pussy a couple of times when I was really horny. Then I'd bring myself off wondering what he'd do! . He was probably beating off too. I'll bet that set him on fire. 

"But that's as far as it ever went. We both knew it was a game. That rat bastard would slip my soiled panties out of the laundry basket, and masturbate with them around his cock. I'd find them in the laundry basket later, when I'd run short and find dried cum on them. I never did call him on it. Mom would have had his hide if she'd ever found out he did it." Joanne laughed. 

"Yep, that sounds like the horny bastard. Did you ever dream he was making love to you? I dreamed my brother and I made love any number of times." Diane asked. She was leading Joanne on, feeling her out. Damn she was good! She knew I was listening. 

"Oh yeah. I dreamed it a lot, while we were living at home. I guess it was a hormonal thing then, but the strange thing is, I still dream about it. Sometimes I wake up, and it's seems so real. I dream we've made love, and I can feel him deep inside me, pumping away, and I'm about to cum. I wake up absolutely wet and really horny. I either have to bring myself off, or wake Jim up. He loves it when I go down on him, get him hard, and then have him fuck me in the middle of the night, for no seeming reason. I have to lie about what got me so hot. . "Shit. This is getting out of hand! Maybe it's because you are so close to me, and I'm hot and bothered. We need to make love one more time. I want to do another 69 with you. I love to make love to another women that way. It feels so good." Joanne said pulling Diane to her again. 

Damn, so she dreamed of me and it got her really hot. My own sister! Well, I'd dreamed of her often enough and it really got me horny too. The dream was a reoccurring one, where I remember making love to her in the past dreams. It did seem so real. I stroked my cock faster watching the two moving into a 69 again. 

Diane was on the bottom this time and I saw her reach under the pillow and bring out a large thick dildo. Joanne didn't see it. The two licked and sucked each other's spread pussies till they were moaning and threshing around. Diane took the dildo and quickly wet the end with her mouth before she placed it against Joanne's spread, wet pussy. Joanne's head came up a moment as it slid against her pussy.

"On, you devil. God, that feels huge. Go ahead, Lover. Slip it inside me. It's like Jim is in the room with us and he's going to fuck me while we make love. I've always fantasized about that, having a three-way with Jim and you. God, he'd love it. Slide it in. Ohhh, that's really big. I wish Jim was that big and thick." Joanne whispered then resumed her oral tribute to Diane's wonderful pussy. 

Diane slid the dildo, which incidentally is exactly the size and length of my cock, into my sister's pussy. She was careful to move it slowly up inside her. Joanne moaned and pressed her hips backward. Her head came up a moment.

"Ohhh, that's so long and thick. It really fills my pussy up so well. Lick my clit, that's heavenly, feeling it sliding in and out." She moaned as her head went back down against Diane's wet pussy. Diane continued to lick her clit and pump the dildo inside her picking up the pace. Joanne was the first to climax and the dildo pumped in and out almost a blur as Joanne fucked her with it and licked her clit. Joanne writhed and bucked and cried out her ecstasy against Diane's pussy. Her screams filled the room. I wondered if I could have heard them if the sound hadn't been on. She went limp and Diane didn't pull the dildo out. Joanne recovered and licked and sucked my lovely wife to a screaming climax too. Joanne fell on her side and lay there panting. Diane moved up beside her. 

Diane reached down and pulled the thick dildo out of Joanne's pussy slowly. She moaned as is slipped out. "Mnnn, that's a wonderful cock. I like it." She cooed.

"I'm glad you like it. Don gave it to me to keep me company when he's gone. It's almost an exact replica of his cock, same length, same thickness." She said grinning at Joanne. She took it and put it to her lips and slid her mouth over the end and slid it down her throat. She pulled it out. "I love the taste of your pussy juices on it. Don would love to have his cock in your sweet pussy, I'll bet. Think how his thick, long, hot cock would feel inside you, pumping in and out, so long and hard." 

Joanne watched fascinated as my wife slid it deeper down her throat this time. It had taken several years, but she had been determined when we married, to be able to deep throat me. I was more than willing for her to try, and she was persistent, till one wonderful night, she was finally able to slide all of my cock down her throat. As my beautiful sister watched fascinated, my wife slid the pussy slick dildo slowly down her throat till her lips touched the round scrotum at the bottom. She pumped it in and out several times before she came up for breath. 

"God, I've never seen anything like that before, and I've seen "Deep Throat" several times. Is that the truth? Is Don's cock really that long and thick?" She said reaching out and fondling it. She ran her hand up and down its length. I saw Diane's eyes move upward to where she knew the overhead camera was and wink at me. 

"It sure is. Of course he can't last all night every night like this can. This baby never gets tired, is always hard and ready. Doesn't need any sleep, and always ready for pussy. I'll guarantee that! Don is only good for three or four cums a night. He does need a day or two off once in a while." She laughed. 
