 Kelly

Mercifully, Kara actually did let Kelly shower and clean herself off before climbing in with her and scrubbing herself clean. Kelly found herself unable to stop rubbing and caressing her doppelganger. The lithe young redhead's body seemed to beg to be touched. Soon the two were kissing uncontrollably and groping at each other before stumbling out of the shower and to the bed. Duncan came in then and led Marie to the shower, reappearing a few seconds later as Kelly and Kara continued their session on the bed.

Turning, Kara looked over and smiled at him. "I can tell you two need a little bit of rest before we continue. Why don't we all climb into bed and sleep for a while and we can see where the afternoon takes us?"

Duncan smiled and nodded. "I'm going to definitely take a shower first."

"You didn't want to hop in with Marie?" Kelly asked, turning as Kara's hand slid lower and began to gently rub at her pussy. "Ohh," she moaned.

"You're just so irresistible," Kara said, lowering her lips to Kelly's nipple and gently pulling at it. "I can't seem to keep my hands and lips to myself."

Duncan smirked as Kelly giggled. "We should have definitely done this in The Bahamas," she said. She sighed in pleasure as Kara pushed two fingers into her and began to gently rub as she nibbled and pulled at a nipple ring.

Duncan seemed content with watching near the bathroom door. He'd occasionally turn and look in the shower at Marie's delectably soaked body before turning back and watching the two in bed.

Finally, Marie turned off the water and emerged, toweling herself off to join Duncan and watch the show the two were putting on in bed. 

Kara slid down as Kelly giggled, kissing all the way down to her pussy. Kelly wasn't having it though, and wiggled over to slide her own head between Kara's legs.

"Where's Camille when you need her," Duncan said, elbowing Marie. She snickered and nodded. 

"They are definitely going to have to do a naughty photo shoot together," she agreed. 

Kelly glanced over and saw Marie's hand slowly stroking Duncan, but he was only semi-erect and she doubted he would be able to get it up yet again, at least not without a nap or some serious effort on Marie's part. 

Kara slid in over the top of her, dropping her pussy down onto Kelly's waiting lips and pushing her warm tongue into her pussy as well. Both women groaned and began to hurriedly suck and lick at each other, soft moans filling the room.

Marie briefly slid down to her knees to take Duncan into her mouth once more, but only briefly.

"I've really gotta get going," she said, pouting. "God, I wish I could stay, but I'm meeting Ed for lunch. He's going to love this little story." She briefly sucked his cock in again before releasing him and disappearing into the living room to get dressed. Duncan followed her as the two women in bed continued slurping and moaning at each other.

Kara had two fingers in Kelly and was trying to work in a third while Kelly was furiously slurping at the younger girl's cunt. Both of their hips were gyrating rhythmically and sighs of pleasure could be heard. Kara actually began to come first, losing the rhythm with her hand as she plunged her fingers into and out of Kelly. Her back arching and hair splaying out over her ass, Kara squeezed Kelly's leg briefly as her body clenched and released over and over, another orgasm powering through the young woman.

Giggling, Kelly felt her renew her efforts to make her come, her three fingers quickly finding room for a fourth as she plunged them again and again. Finally, Kelly's own orgasm crashed down on her, causing her to arch her back upwards and pushing her pussy up into Kara's face, who gladly replaced her fingers with her tongue and prolonged the orgasm.

Kelly yelped and wiggled in ecstasy and Kara slurped again and again, her tongue prodding and probing, sucking wetly at her clitoris. Finally, exhausted, the two women fell into each other as Duncan came back in, sliding in behind Kara and wrapping both women up in his arms with Kara as the meat in their sweaty little sandwich.

Both girls had trouble keeping their hands still, and more than once, Duncan had to stop them from reaching for him.

"Nap time," he said finally, squeezing them tighter to him. "Behave yourselves."

Kelly and Kara giggled together, both scooting back until Kelly was snug against Kara, and Kara was snug against Duncan.

"Yes, Daddy," Kara said, causing another round of giggles.

Duncan chuckled and rolled his eyes, smiling and finally starting to fall asleep. Eventually, the three of them drifted off into sweaty, drool-filled slumber; each of them glowing and smiling in post-coital bliss.

Several hours later, Duncan fought to open his eyes. Yawning and stretching, he sat up in bed and looked around. Kelly and Kara weren't anywhere to be seen. He smirked, figuring that they were getting it on in another part of the house.

"Those two are probably wrapped up together in the guest bedroom. I might have created a monster or two."

He sighed and stood, quickly glancing at the clock as his stomach began to rumble. He stood then, and slid on a pair of his sleek, black underwear to see what the two of them were up to.

He looked in the kitchen and guest rooms but didn't find anything. Finally, he heard light snoring and went into the living room. Covering his mouth as he burst out laughing, he surveyed the scene of mayhem displayed before him.

"I've definitely created monsters,"  he thought.

Kara was laying nude on her side, a blanket covering her midsection. Kelly, was reversed, her head at Kelly's crotch and the blanket covering her midsection as well. Kara was drooling on Kelly's leg, the other straight out. Kara's nose was inches from Kelly's pussy. It looked like the two insatiable redheads had fallen asleep going down on each other.

Smirking, Duncan went and got dressed and then headed outside to get some chores done.

His body was busy with work, but his mind thought back over the past months and all they had done. He figured he owed it to himself to actually analyze and dissect everything that they had been through. He forced himself to think about the difficult thoughts and ideas that he and Kelly should think about. Will what they are trying to do affect their marriage? Has anything they've done affected their marriage for the worse? Do either of them regret something the other or they themselves have done? Would he really be okay seeing Kelly getting pleasure from another man?

Each answer to every question that popped into his head as he mowed seemed to reinforce the notion that they weren't doing anything wrong. Will what they are trying to do affect their marriage? Of course it would, but that didn't necessarily mean it was a bad thing.

Has anything they've done affected their marriage for the worse? Not in the slightest. He and his wife had always gotten along great, but they seemed so much closer now, and had so much more to discuss and explore and experience together.

Do either of them regret something the other or they themselves have done? No. There had been times he thought he would regret something, but the fact that he and his wife were so open and honest with each other, negated his fears every time.

Would he really be okay seeing Kelly getting pleasure from another man? That one was a bothersome one. He didn't truly have an answer, for how could he actually know without experiencing it? Kelly seemed to be okay with sharing him, why shouldn't he be okay with sharing her. It seemed horribly hypocritical of him to do one thing for himself and demand a different standard for her.

She'd admitted that Drake had almost been inside of her, and that she'd been stroking another man's cock. He smiled at the thought, and realized that the image of Kelly floating in Marie's pool, his friend Drake floating in front of her and both of them idly groping and fondling each other, excited him.

Still though, until it happened, he wasn't sure that he'd be okay with it. The time would come, he supposed, when he would find out the answer. He smiled widely, though. He was pretty sure that he knew what it would really be. He finished mowing an hour or so later and went inside to check on the girls. They'd gotten up, but were still running around nude. He chuckled when they waved at him from the laundry room.

"You know, I think I should get my nipples pierced just so we can screw with people," Kara said as she helped Kelly fold a pile of warm clothes.

Giggling, Kelly nodded in agreement. "With sunglasses and pierced nipples, I doubt most folks would be able to tell us apart."

"That would be just mean," Duncan said, coming in and kissing them both.

"I'm about to start a load of clothes, strip those sweaty things off," Kelly said.

"But I'm not done," he said.

"She said strip!" Kara said, pulling his fly down.

Chuckling, he pulled her up and kissed her nose before wiggling his finger no. "Your little buddy still needs time to recover from all the extra attention he's been getting."

"Oh no!" Kara said playfully. "Did we break him?"

Duncan smirked and shook his head. "No, but we've definitely got to be gentle for the rest of the day. I'm actually a little sore." He did peel off his sweaty clothes though, and tossed them in the washing machine.

"Oh no!" Kelly mimicked. She playfully slapped Kara on her adorably round rump. "You bitch, you broke my favorite toy!"

The other girl cackled and shrugged. "Sorry," she said. "I should have warned you not to get the engine revved up if you couldn't handle me once I got going."

Kelly and Duncan both grinned widely. 

"I didn't say I couldn't handle you, it's just he's seen a lot of action lately," Duncan replied.

"You'll just have to make sure and kiss it to make it all better tomorrow at work," Kelly said with a suspiciously naughty smile.

"I'd love to, but he's such a good boy and a stick in the mud at work!" Kara said, grabbing another towel and folding it. "He's afraid of people thinking badly about me."

"Aww," Kelly replied, pouting playfully at Duncan's expense. "Well, maybe if I give my boss a nice, sloppy blowjob, he'll let you give him one too!"

Duncan groaned and closed his eyes for a second, smirking and shaking his head in mock dismay.

"I think... someone liked the thought of you on your knees in front of your boss," Kara said, her hand straying to his bulge and rubbing slowly.

Duncan groaned again.

Kelly giggled and shrugged. "We'll have to see, won't we," she said.

Duncan turned and left the room, and then went to shower since he didn't actually get one earlier. He came back and saw Kara and Kelly sitting on the couch in the living room, rubbing each other's feet.

Coming into the room in fresh clothes, Duncan smiled and leaned down to kiss both of them as they moved their feet for him to sit down between them.

"You two finally stop playing with each other?" he asked with a smile.

Kelly shook her head and frowned playfully. "No, we never stopped."

"You're just mad because you had to stop," Kara agreed.

Duncan chuckled. "You're damn right."

Kelly leaned up and stroked his chest as he took Kara's feet in his strong hands and began to really rub them.

"Oh... yeah," she groaned, leaning back.

"So have you always been such a hellcat in bed?" Duncan asked.

Kara smiled and nodded. "It's a family thing, actually. My mom confided in me that she's like that. The first time I actually had sex, I broke my bed. Mom and I had a talk after that and she told me that the same thing had happened to her too. All of the women in my family are famously good in bed."

He chuckled as he ground his fingers down into her flesh, eliciting pleasurable little yelps and gasps. Kelly looked over at her and smiled.

"I'm really, really glad that we brought you home with us, and you shared yourself with us," she said.

Kara grinned. "Me too. Hopefully we can do this more, I know I sure had fun. It's not often I find a man and woman that can keep up with me."

Duncan chuckled. "I don't think I really kept up with you," he said with a smirk. 

She raised an eyebrow and shrugged. "Sam could never last very long, and I haven't been intimate with a huge number of people. Definitely more men than women, but it's not like we're talking triple digits. Low doubles, max."

Kelly smiled. "I'm at three different people right now," she said with a grin.

Sighing, Kara finally began to stand and look for her things in preparation to leave. It was getting close to being time to eat supper, and Duncan's stomach was still rumbling from lack of food.

"You sure you have to leave?" he asked. "You could always stay the night and call in sick to work tomorrow. I'm sure your boss wouldn't mind!"

She giggled. "I don't know about that. He can't really function without me."

He laughed easily at that and shook his head. 

"Well, it's sure been fun fooling around with you today."

She came forwards then and kissed him deeply, and then kissed Kelly just as deeply. Sighing, Kelly pouted and tried to hold on to her hand to keep her from leaving. 

"No," Kelly pouted. "You can't leave."

Kara giggled and kissed her again. "I promise I'll come back soon."

Kelly smiled and kissed her a final time before she walked her to the door and let her out.

"Bye," Kelly called. "I'll talk to Camille and see if she wants to do a shoot with the two of us. I think I'm supposed to go in and shoot another this Tuesday or Wednesday."

"Sounds good," Kara called walking away. Turning quickly, she came back and kissed both of them again and licked her lips playfully. "Dream about me!" she called.

"Definitely," Kelly and Duncan both said in unison, drawing giggles from her.

Shutting the door, Kelly looked at him and grinned.

"I saw you two little nut-jobs asleep in that awkward position," he said as they walked towards the kitchen.

"Yeah," Kelly said. "We couldn't keep our hands off of each other so we came back in here and were locked in that position for at least a few more hours."

Duncan laughed loudly. "I can't believe you girls! A few hours? Holy shit!"

Kelly grinned. "Baby," she said, turning and coming up to him. "I really, really, liked... fucking... your secretary."

"Ooooh, potty-mouth," he admonished. 

She nodded. "Yep, and I deserve to be punished for it!"

He shook his head though, and laughed as she pouted. "I haven't eaten all day baby."

"That's not my fault, you slept through lunch... and breakfast!"

He kissed her quickly on the nose and set about making a couple of sandwiches for himself. They spent the rest of the evening being lazy and watching TV.

Monday morning came and they both headed off to work. 

"Try to pace yourself and not request too many blowjobs from your secretary," Kelly said playfully as she walked to her car.

"Try not to give your boss too many either," Duncan shot back. Kelly giggled, but waved her hand dismissively. He knew she wasn't at that point yet, but it was still fun to tease her.

He got to work and saw that Kara was already there. She smiled up at him as he stared at what she was wearing. It was black, and technically business wear, but it was shorter and tighter than what she'd worn the previous week.

"God..." he whispered. "You look gorgeous!"

She rolled her eyes. "So inappropriate!" she muttered under her breath. "I'm just gonna have to talk to HR."

He chuckled. "HR will be in his office should you need him," and headed in to get started on his day's work.

They actually did have a lot of work to do. Kelly had a cousin that was getting married in a few weeks and he had to plan things around that, as he had an overnight work trip coming up that he, Kara, and Mark had to go to. Plus, there was a backlog of things to get caught up on and a steadily growing pile of work on his desk to do as well.

Of course, as quickly as he got rid of one pile, Kara was happily there to put another in its place. A little after lunch, he got a text from Kelly asking him how many blowjobs he'd gotten. He sent her a frowny face and replied, "Not a one. Been too darn busy. You?"

She sent him a laughing face smiley and replied "200. My mouth is tired."

He laughed and put the phone down after sending her a smiley with its tongue sticking out.

Kara popped her head in a few minutes later and whisper yelled. "Hey Boss! Can I suck your dick?"

He laughed and shook his head. "I'd like nothing more, but we've really got to get this work done."

Giggling, she came in anyways and shut the door behind her. "I'll tell you what, you do your work, I'll do mine."

He smiled then as she dropped to her knees and crawled towards his desk to tuck herself in his leg space. It was a pretty large desk and she could fit easily.

He chuckled again as he felt her start to work at his zipper and fish around for his manhood.

A few seconds later, there was a knock on his door.

"Of course there is...," he thought.

Mark poked his head in and looked around. "Where's your secretary? I was coming to flirt with her."

"She ran out," Duncan said, trying to keep his shit together while Kara took his cock in her mouth.

"What did you do, try and grab her titties?" Mark asked with a grin.

Duncan sighed. "No, she just had an errand to run."

"Well shit," he said, leaning against the door frame. "We all lined up for the trip?"

Duncan nodded. It was getting increasingly difficult for him to concentrate as Kara was really working his shaft as quietly as she could.

Mark must have seen the look on Duncan's face, plus the fact that he hadn't answered him, and guessed what was going on. A

"She's under your fucking desk, isn't she?" Mark asked.

Duncan shrugged, but Kara's giggle gave him the real answer.

"God damnit! You lucky SOB!" he swore. "What the fuck are you doing under there Kara?"

"Coloring," she said, peeking briefly up from between his legs at Mark. "What do you think I'm doing? I'm sucking his dick," she answered, quickly popping it back in to her hungry mouth after sliding back down in place. She moaned softly as she quickly pulled him into her throat, one hand stroking as she slurped at him. Several times she went deep, soft gluck noises coming from her throat as she gagged herself on him.

"Fuck," Duncan moaned, feeling his orgasm coming.

"Well shit, can I be next?" Mark asked, almost pleading.

"Unh-Uhh," came the muffled reply from beneath the desk.

"Shit," Mark said, frowning.

Duncan slapped his desk as he began to cum, Kara's lips locking tight around his cock head as it expanded ever so slightly and dumped a warm dollop of spunk into her slobbery mouth. She squealed happily and smiled around his cock.

Groaning, he fought to maintain a little composure as she continued to bob and suck on him, his cock emptying its contents into her mouth and throat as she furiously tried to swallow it all. Again and again she swallowed, hungry slurping sounds wafting from beneath the desk as he came. Finally, he stopped spurting and collapsed back into his chair as she wriggled from beneath his desk. Smiling, she placed both hands on his knees and pushed herself up, stopping to push his cock back into place and zip him up before turning and winking at Mark.

"Kara, you've got cum on your face," Mark said, covering his own in dismay as she headed to the door.

"I know," she giggled, walking out of the room. "I want it there."

Chuckling, Duncan shrugged when Mark turned and flipped him off, shaking his head and leaving the room.

"I hate you sometimes," he called back over his shoulder.

"I know," Duncan said, grinning widely.

*****

Kelly

Kelly's day wasn't going quite as adventurously as Duncan's by that point. She'd gotten to work and immediately been swamped with problems to solve. Her boss had to take a day off for personal reasons, but that didn't mean she didn't still have a ton of things to do, not to mention all the things that he should be doing that she would now have to do. She also had to show the new office girl her boss had hired around and give her work to do.
