 Duncan

Duncan yawned and stretched and then looked down to see Kelly's wonderful red locks bobbing at his crotch. He smiled as she looked up at him seductively with her green eyes and stroked him. Her lips encircling the tip, she sucked forcefully and formed a tight seal around it. Her other hand stroked his shaft tightly as her eyes stayed focused on his.

He smiled and stretched his arms behind his head, pausing only to shove a few pillows behind him to make it easier to watch her. 

"Mmm, you like to watch me do this?" she asked, popping him out for a moment before greedily sucking him back in.

"Absolutely," he said. "I love the way you look right now."

"With your dick in my mouth?" she asked.

He nodded and smiled.

"Any cock or just yours?" she asked wickedly, licking the underside of the head.

He chuckled. "All I've seen is mine, baby."

She smiled at that and pulled him out briefly. "We'll have to change that I guess."

He grinned as she continued to suck. Wrapping her lips back around him, she stroked her saliva covered hands up and down his shaft, bobbing her head slightly at the tip. Every so often, she would pull his cock deeper into her mouth and to the back of her throat. He groaned in pleasure but could wait no longer. He had to have her. 

Reaching down, he pulled her up as she popped him out of her mouth and slid her legs across his waist. She reached down and positioned the tip as she lowered her pussy directly on to him. A gasp and a briefly concerned expression crossed her face as he felt her tight wetness envelope him. 

"Oh, fuck baby," she groaned, forcing her tight pussy down on the tip of his cock and past, sliding over his shaft as fingers of pleasure raced through the both of them. "You're so fucking hard, baby," she groaned, sliding upwards gently and then back down again, their sex organs pulling tantalizing at each other.

"You're so fucking sexy," he said, reaching up and gently pulling at her nipples. She immediately looked down with an open mouth and an intense look on her face as he gently pulled on her rings, her face a mask of pleasure and excitement.

"Oh, God, Duncan," she groaned, "You're gonna make..." she stopped talking then as her eyes rolled back and her hips began rocking slightly as she slid up and down his cock.

"Don't stop fucking me, Baby," he groaned, pulling hard on her hips as her pussy swallowed his entire length repeatedly.

"Ooh...fuuuuuck," she groaned, her orgasm slamming into her as he began to thrust upwards and meet her on her down strokes. "So fucking big..." she groaned. She looked back down at him then and fell forwards, his hands going around her body to wrap around her shoulders and pull her hips back down onto his cock again and again, her hair draping over the both of them. He slowed then, as he felt her pussy finally relax and stop its relentless squeezing assault on his cock.

She collapsed into the bed beside him and lay there in silence for a little while, her chest heaving as she caught her breath.

Duncan turned and began to run his fingers along her neck, chest and stomach gently.

"You didn't cum..." she whispered eventually.

"Nope, I held it off," he replied quietly.

She turned then and kissed him. "You didn't want to fill my pussy up?"

The naughty talk she'd been laying on him lately was really starting to turn him on. He noticed that she'd been doing it more and more, and he was definitely enjoying it.

"Nope. I'm saving that for later, probably tonight. I'm gonna be so full and turned on from not cumming this morning that I might shoot you across the room."

She giggled. "But you can shoot me across the room now, can't you?"

He shook his head and grinned at her with a goofy smile.

She pouted. "And if I just hop on top of you and take what's mine?"

He laughed as she glared at him sternly for a second before erupting into giggles.

"Well then, I guess you'll just have to see what happens," he said. Smiling, he kissed her and slid out of bed to shower.

Sliding into the shower with him a few minutes later, she reached for some soap and began to scrub him down.

"I've got that trip coming up Wednesday and Thursday," he said, turning as she reached down to soap up his cock and balls.

"That's you and Kara, right?" Kelly asked.

Duncan nodded. "Plus Mark is going. He's got business there too."

She nodded as she scrubbed and stroked him. "What are y'all doing there?"

"Mark has his own business there but we're going to be buying some equipment from a new company and they extended an invitation to us to come tour their main plant and corporate headquarters."

She nodded. "That sounds a little dull. You might have to find a way to relax while you're there."

He chuckled and spun her around, rubbing his hand on her shoulders and then reaching for her shampoo so he could wash her hair.

"I'm sure it will be... dull that is," he agreed. "I'm sure Mark will want to go out, and he'll definitely be trying to get into Kara's pants."

Kelly giggled and leaned her head back as he scrubbed and prodded with his fingers. "Won't they be occupied by you already?"

He paused for a second, confused. "No... you won't be there," he said.

She shrugged. "You don't have to have me there to have a good time," she said. "Besides, she gave you a blowjob in the office the other day."

"You told her to that, or so I thought. Plus I was under the impression that it was in our rules that we had to be together, so to speak, when we played."

Kelly turned as he finished scrubbing. "No, our rules were that we need to communicate if something bothers us and that we both agreed that we were satisfied sexually."

He looked up, lost in thought.

"Well, you wouldn't mind if I was fooling around at work would you?" she asked.

"No," he said after a moment of thought. "It's something that I've actually expected to hear one evening since you're working with Marie."

Kelly giggled. "Well, we take work trips every once in a while, wouldn't that be same thing?"

Duncan chuckled. "So what you're saying is, you want me to fuck Kara on the trip."

She grinned widely. "Yes. I want you to fuck her until she can't walk straight, that little red-headed slut."

He smiled and spun her back around to rinse her hair out.

"No, what I'm saying is that if you go on a trip, and I know that you've already fooled around with someone and I'm obviously okay with you doing that, then it's probably a safe bet that I'm okay with you fooling around with them on the trip."

He nodded and ran his hands through her hair, lifting it and scrubbing the rest of the soap out. As he finished, he reached for her conditioner and began to lather her up.

"That makes sense," he said.

She smiled. "Good!"

"Still, I don't like leaving you alone. Maybe we should have Zeke and Amy check up on you.

Kelly giggled. "I'm sure I'll be fine, baby. Maybe I'll arrange a Girl's Night with Marie and Molly and the other girls. We'll make Ed and Drake take us out."

He laughed. "Well, now I want to stay."

She giggled and turned, grabbing his bodywash and washing him.

He lifted his arms as she scrubbed underneath them, first one and then the other. "You know, we haven't really talked about who you want to be your first guy, you know?"

"Well, you were my first, remember goofy?" she asked playfully.

He rolled his eyes and looked down at her. "You know what I mean."

She giggled. "Well, we didn't really talk about who your first partner outside of our marriage would be."

He shrugged. "I know, but that kind of happened naturally."

She shrugged this time. "I haven't given it much thought, honestly."

The look he gave her showed he didn't believe her.

She giggled again. "I mean, yeah, I've thought about it, but not really who I want first."

"Oh? Do tell."

She snickered and the two began to rinse off. "Well, if I chose Ed, I know that he'll be the most experienced, and he's older than the rest of us, so that'll be something new. Plus, Marie seems to enjoy him, and he's just so laid back, you know? It seems like he'd be really gentle."

He chuckled and reached down to kiss her.

"And Drake?"

"God," she said, closing her eyes for a second. "I was so close to pulling him into me last time at Marie's. I don't know if it was his bald head, or the way he was looking at me, but I definitely want to fool around with him. He's such a nice guy and he's so affectionate and loving to his wife. I wouldn't mind being in the middle of that yummy little sandwich."

Duncan laughed at that image and smiled widely.

"And Mark?" he asked.

"Mark..." Kelly said, rolling her eyes. "He's such a goofball, and up until Becky, he always had a different girl each time we went out. He's had a thing for me since you and I were first you and I."

Duncan nodded. "When we first met, he told me that he'd be all over you if I did something to piss you off."

Kelly giggled. "I wouldn't have given him the time of day back then. He was a player then, and he's a player now, but now he's calmed down a little. He's handsome, in a bad-boy way. I mean, he's always wearing blue-jeans and a nice tight shirt. He's got that air of aloofness, like he doesn't give a damn what the woman he's with thinks about him, he's just going to be what he is and to hell with the consequences."

"Confidence?"

She tossed her head back and forth, as if unsure. "Kinda, but more on the overconfident side."

"He's a good enough guy, though," Duncan said.

Kelly smiled. "Oh I know. He's been a loyal friend to you, and never betrayed your trust or tried to do anything inappropriate to me. He even went and got you when that guy tried to kiss me at the Christmas party a few years ago."

Duncan nodded. "That's true, he did. Such a good friend. You should totally give him a blowjob," Duncan said with a wide smile.

Kelly rolled her eyes. "Sex. Is that all you men think about?"

"Only when you're around, Baby," he said, kissing her.

"To be honest, that's all I've been thinking about too, since we started this whole journey that we're on." 

"I know what you mean," he said. "I've noticed that my sex drive has been turned up to 10 since we started. I guess that's a good thing."

"Oh, that's definitely a good thing," she said with a smile.

She finally finished wiping down her body and started to dry her hair with a hair dryer. Duncan went into the bedroom and pulled out some fresh underwear and slid them on, then went to the kitchen to start some coffee and make some breakfast.

A few minutes later, she emerged from their bedroom and he saw that she had slipped on some fresh panties and an old shirt.

He poured her a fresh cup of coffee and slid it over, reaching into the fridge for the cream.

"Eggs, wheat toast, and bacon," Duncan said.

"Sounds wonderful," she said, sliding into a bar stool. She was quiet for a few minutes before she finally looked back up at him as he finished breakfast.

"I think I know what I want to do," she said. "I mean, with each of them."

"Yeah?" he asked.

She nodded. "Tell me what you think, and these are in no particular order. I'd like for the both of us to swap with Ed and Marie at the same time. Then, I think I'd like to be with both Molly and Drake at the same time. I want you to watch us."

He smiled. "That sounds pretty fun. Maybe Dana can be there with me while we watch, and then you can watch her and me."

She grinned. "I like that even better."

"Finally, I think I want you and Mark together, just the three of us."

Duncan nodded. "I'm sure he'll like that."

She grinned. "I mean, this is all just fantasy. Who knows if we'll actually even sleep with them? Even if we do, it's not certain that all the people I listed will be willing participants. Dana might not want to watch Molly. Becky and Rachel might not want to share Mark."

Duncan laughed at her. "Those are all possibilities. We'll just have to see how things work out."

She smiled as he slid a plate of food over to her.

"With the way our parties go, we'll probably just all end up in a big pile," he said, causing her to snort with laughter.

"That's definitely possible. Still, I think I skipped a step," she said, beginning to eat.

"What's that?" Duncan asked, sitting down next to her.

"Oral sex," she replied. "I mean, I know I did that with Heidi and Kara."

"And Kara, and Kara," he said playfully, drawing a snicker of embarrassment from her.

"Yes, Kara and I definitely had fun. But that's kind of my point. I've only given you and two girls oral sex. I think the next big step is going to be doing that on another guy."

Duncan nodded. "Honestly, I figured you already would have by now. I was half expecting you to do that last night."

She smiled, obviously remembering their session. "Honestly, I kind of wanted to, but it didn't feel right in that moment. Plus, he hadn't been a good enough boy," she said playfully.

He smiled as the two finished their breakfast quietly.

They spent the day doing their weekly chores that had stacked up during the week. Kelly finished off their laundry and Duncan went about fixing things around the house and outside.

Eventually, it was time for the get-together. They were going to a restaurant, as Ed had a big announcement, but after that they didn't really have plans. Kelly figured they could invite them all back here if they needed to, so she spruced the place up a bit.

Marie called to let her know that it would be at a nice Italian restaurant on the other side of town so that they could dress appropriately.

Kelly saw that Duncan had picked out the black dress that Kara had bought her, the one she'd been so shy to wear that first time. She excitedly put it on. He watched as she walked over to the mirror and turned. She looked spectacular, and her ass was especially nice in the dress. She saw him staring and smiled. 

"Like what you see?" she asked.

"Love what I see," he replied.

She slid forwards and came up to him then. "So... panties or no?" she asked.

He looked down. The dress would definitely show things if she wasn't careful. He smiled.

"No panties, and no bra either," he said.

She giggled. "This isn't the type of dress you actually wear a bra with, so you're in luck. But as for the other part, why don't you slip them off of me?"

He looked up and ran a single hand up her leg, his fingers gently pulling the g-string down as she stepped out of it. Smiling, he slid the panties into his pocket.

"Never know when you might need a spare pair," he said, smiling as she looked at him.

Giggling, she turned and headed for the door. "Amy's are still in the glove compartment, so I think we're covered."

Duncan laughed. "I'd forgotten about those," he admitted. "Are they coming tonight?"

Kelly nodded, smiling. "They've got several Saturdays off coming up. They'll be free for us to torment," she said, grinning.

She pulled some dark slacks out of the closet for him and selected a nice black button-down to match and watched him as he quickly dressed. They checked themselves a final time in the mirror and walked to the truck, Duncan holding her arm and leading her with a single hand. Opening her door, he helped her into the truck and smiled as she leaned over and looked back at him, one knee on the seat and a hint of her pussy visible from beneath the edge of the black garment.

"It's going to be a really fun night," he said, swatting her playfully on her rump.

The restaurant was crowded on a Saturday night, but Ed had gotten reservations, so there was no wait. 

Kelly and Duncan were surprisingly among the first to arrive. They pulled in and saw Drake, Molly, and Dana exiting the car. Smiling, they met the others at the door and quickly embraced and said hello.

"Kelly, you look absolutely edible tonight," Drake said.

She grinned and kissed him briefly on the lips. "Be careful or you'll have to make good on that," she whispered.

He smiled and turned to shake Duncan's hand as he finished kissing Molly and Dana. They chatted idly as they waited for others to arrive, and when Zeke and Amy pulled in, they decided to go ahead and sit at the table to wait.

Amy was wearing another slinky dress, this one blue, but similar in appearance to her red one. Duncan came up and kissed her, his hand finding the small of her back and pulling as she whimpered quietly, her kiss turning into a smile as she looked up at him demurely.

"Kelly," Zeke said, pulling her close and sliding an arm around to her draw her in for a quick kiss. She smiled and hugged him afterwards. "You look incredible," he said.

"Thank you," she replied. "You two look amazing."

"Drake," Zeke, said, smiling and turning to shake his hand.

"Zeke," Drake answer with a warm smile. The group continued embracing until the seven of them had all gotten a hug, kiss or a handshake.

The three guys stood together and talked about basketball as the staff got their table ready. The girls immediately dissolved into conversation about God knows what, and eventually, the table was ready and they walked to the other room just as the others in the group arrived. Ed and Marie came in, followed by Erin and Kimber and Kara, and finally Mark entered with Becky and Rachel in his arms.

Becky was sporting a new pixie haircut, and it looked really good on her. Duncan had never cared for really short hair, but on her, it looked good. The girls all oohed and aahed over her new haircut, and she blushed and said thank you. 

The newcomers all made their way around and said hi to everyone before they all sat down and started talking. Their waiter came by and got their drink order and then reappeared a few minutes later to get their food order. Kara, sitting across from Duncan and Kelly, seemed to be in a very playful mood that night.

"I've got an idea," she said, clearing her throat and getting everyone's attention. "If this group is really serious about starting to fool around with each other, that is."

Marie smiled and nodded. "That's a good question that I've been meaning to ask. I think, before you tell us your idea, we all need to decide if we're comfortable with sharing and being shared."

Everyone seemed to murmur their agreement. 

"Ed and I are serious about involving you guys in our love life," she said. "I think that's pretty obvious. Drake, you and Molly seem to be in, what about y'all?"

He glanced over at Molly for a second, but seemed to know what she was going to tell him. He turned then. "I'm definitely in, if Molly is."

"You just want to hear me say it," Molly said, jabbing him in the ribs playfully. "I'm definitely in as well."

"Good!" Marie said. She turned. "Dana? I realize that you're shy but we're more than happy to help you overcome that. Just ask Kelly!"

She smiled and glanced over at the redhead as she winked and nodded. "I just don't know what I could add to the group dynamic. I mean, it's just me, I'm not seeing anyone and I don't really plan to either. At least not right now."

"Aww, that's so cute," Marie said, turning and giving her husband a "That's so sweet" look. "Sweetie, in the Swinger world, you're what's known as a unicorn. You... Kara, Kimber, and Erin, are all considered unicorns."

"A unicorn?" Dana asked.

Ed nodded. "You're that mythical beast that never happens for swing groups. You're a single woman that wants to play. That's how special this group is. We've got four unicorns. That's unheard of!"

Marie nodded. "Normally, it's single guys wanting to get in on the action. Trust me, though, Sweetie, there's definitely something that you add to this group."

Duncan leaned over and placed a hand on Dana's knee underneath the table, squeezing gently.

"I hope you decide yes," he said, smiling as she glanced over at him, grinning widely.
