 Kelly

Molly ushered Kelly over to the bar and began to show her how to mix the drinks that everyone ordered, though none were very hard to make.

"I think we can change clothes into something a little more revealing in about thirty minutes," Molly said. "Then we can see if we can get a rise out of these fellas!"

Kelly chuckled at the obvious joke but in truth the prospect excited her. She picked up three drinks and walked over to the table. Drake was sitting next to Gus. On the older man's left was Jarod, Duncan followed him, and he was followed by Freddie and finally Derrek. As she came around the corner and stopped at Freddie, he smiled at her and nodded his thanks. Stopping at her husband, she slid the drink to him as he ran his hand over her supple buttocks. Winking, she moved past him and stopped at Jarod, who was lost in conversation with Gus about something. Setting his drink down, she turned and started to walk back to the bar when she felt a hand on the small of her back. Spinning back around, she saw him smiling at her. 

"Thank you," he said, and turned back to the table. She smiled sweetly at him in response before heading back to the bar as Molly finished serving Gus, Derrek, and Drake and headed back. 

"Anyone want a cigar?" Molly asked, glancing back over. Gus, Drake and Duncan all raised their hands for a moment and she pointed to a humidor at the far end of the bar. Kelly reached over and retrieved the cigars, cut the ends and handed them to her friend.

"Watch this," Molly said, winking. Turning, she walked over to the table and stopped at Duncan's seat. She smiled and popped one of the cigars between her teeth and clicked on the lighter, spinning it and lighting it as if she'd done it a thousand times. Puffs of smoke wafted from her lips as she ensured it was lit and then she passed it to him.

He chuckled at her and took it as she began to do the same to Drake's. He paid her back with a quick kiss and a slap on the rump before she moved past him and stopped at Gus's chair. 

"Mind if I light this for you?" she asked.

Gus smiled and nodded. "Only if I get to swat you on the rear like he did!" He laughed loudly at his own joke, and Kelly couldn't help but find it amusing at how funny he thought it was.

Molly was feeling very playful however, and as she finished lighting it, she turned and presented her rump to the old man, causing him to laugh even louder. He didn't swat her though, and she pouted.

"Well, that's no fair. He didn't give me my payment," she said, pouting at Kelly. 

"Well, shit I'll pay for him!" Freddie said as she passed his chair, reaching out and slapping her hard on the rump. A loud thwack echoed through the small room and for a moment everyone was shocked, staring openmouthed.

"Ouch!" Molly said, turning and laughing. She swatted at his head playfully for a second.

"Dude, go easy on my wife's ass," Drake said, smiling widely. This caused more uproarious laughter, and Kelly began to feel more at ease.

The girls went to stand behind the guys as they finally settled in and started playing. They played a few hands and kept the betting light early on as Kelly moved around to refill drinks as needed. At one point, she happened to be standing behind Derrek when he drew a lucky hand and took the pot. She glanced over and saw that Jarod needed another drink and moved to go get it for him.

Derrek immediately protested, however, saying, "Hey now! You're stealing my good luck charm!"

Jarod, a very nice and soft spoken man, shrugged. "Come on now man, you've gotta learn to share the good luck."

Kelly blushed and leaned over to pick up his glass. She knew that her top was loose enough for the people opposite the table to see down to her breasts, possibly even her nipples and rings.

She looked up and saw Drake and his brother both looking.

"Busted," she said, pointing a finger and grinning, drawing a round of laughter from the group.

"Dirty old men," she admonished, waggling a finger.

Molly ushered her over and quietly indicated that she'd like to go change. Kelly smiled and nodded.

"Alright boys, behave yourselves. Kelly and I are going to go slip into something a little less comfortable."

The guys laughed and cheered for a second. As Molly left the room, Kelly heard Freddie ask Drake, "Dude, what's going on with them?"

As she closed the door behind her, she heard Drake's voice. "They get like that, friendly competition between girls. Molly will probably try and outdo Kelly next. We just get to be the beneficiaries."

Molly had stripped down out of her dress and had selected a modest negligee that didn't reveal too much. It was black, and had a silk wrap that served to hide more of her. It showed plenty of cleavage though, and she knew it too. As she slipped it on, she turned and cupped her breasts together with her arms.

"What do you think?" she asked.

"I think you look like you're ready to get down and dirty," Kelly said, eyeing her amble bosom.

Kelly reached for her next outfit. It was an intricate lace number that didn't reveal much more than her dress, but had several bare spots scattered across where Kelly's pale skin was showing through. It was light blue with boy shorts for panties and made Kelly feel very, very sexy.

Molly finished helping her get dressed and the ladies did one final look before exiting. They walked through the house, their heels clopping loudly, until they reached the poker room and entered again. Thick smoke hung in the air with its alluring cigar aroma. Kelly had always thought it had a unique, almost interesting smell. Duncan rarely partook, but he occasionally smoked when he drank.

She smiled as Molly entered first to catcalls and wolf whistles. She hesitated for a second but then Molly turned and pulled her in. More cheering ensued and the men around the table smiled widely at them.

They made another round and refilled drinks before coming back to stand behind a random guy. Kelly chose Duncan, just to be close to him for a bit. He slid back and allowed her to sit on his knee. She could feel a palpable air of excitement in the room. The scantily clad ladies had a marked effect on everyone's mood. Kelly could sense six sets of eyes alternating between her and Molly. In truth, they seemed to stare mostly at Molly's breasts and her monster cleavage.

"Why do you have so many Kings, Baby?" she asked, drawing a chorus of groans and chuckles. "Oh I'm just kidding," she said. "I'm not that naive about the game!"

She could feel her husband's warmth seeping into her. She turned her head and kissed him deeply. Molly seemed okay to follow her lead and sat down in Drake's lap.

"Hey now, you can't give your husband the good luck charm!" Freddie called, looking next to him at Kelly's alluring form in Duncan's lap. "I thought we were sharing!" His jovial face and wide smile made her laugh.

"So you want me to come and stand near you for good luck?" she asked.

"I'll take what I can get," he said. "I'm a single man, and I'm a short fucker too. I can't get laid to save my life. Just seeing a couple of foxes like you is enough to tide me over for a month!"

"Aww," Kelly said. "Honey, he's been neglected."

Duncan chuckled. "Sounds like it. You might have to go and sit in his lap for a bit. You can see if you can cheer him up."

"Well that sure would cheer me the hell up," Gus cut in. "You ladies might give me a damn heart attack!"

Kelly and Molly both laughed.

"How fair would it be for me to go be Freddie's good luck charm and not the other guys?" Kelly asked Duncan, looking at him demurely.

"Probably not fair at all," he admitted. "You might have to just attend to everyone."

"Well there's only one of me to go around," Kelly said. "I'll bet that Molly is just as good a luck charm as I am."

"Probably true," Freddie remarked. "But that's still only six to two."

"He's got a point," Derrek agreed. "I think we need to work out a system to share these good luck charms."

"Hrm," Drake said, scratching his chin. "We could always pay them for their time," he said.

"Great, now my husband is calling us prostitutes," Molly said, looking at Kelly.

"Thanks Drake," Kelly deadpanned. 

He grinned widely. "Well, y'all started this. I was just trying to be fair."

"How about every few hands, we move to a different chair," Molly said. "That way, everyone has a chance to grope us," she said, adding, "I meant totally "have some good luck." Freudian slip I guess."

Kelly snickered at her.

"There, it's settled," Drake said. "Let's get back to playing some poker!"

Everyone laughed at his demeanor. He was always more serious about playing than anyone else, but in truth he looked pretty relaxed.

Molly stood after a few minutes and turned. "Does the groping/luck thing include your brother?" she asked. "Does he get some good luck and/or groping?"

Drake laughed and shrugged. "That's up to you two. Y'all are the ones it's going to be weird for."

Derrek grinned and shrugged. "I think I'll be able to manage, especially if I get a closer look at those cannons," he remarked.

Molly looked at Kelly and rolled her eyes. "Well what do you expect?" Kelly asked, grinning. "You're the one that picked out that outfit."

"True," Molly said, giggling. She slapped him playfully on the chest and slipped down into his lap.

Kelly leaned over and quietly moved her lips up to Duncan's ear. "No regrets?" she whispered.

He squeezed her hip gently and kissed her lips softly. "Not a one," he answered. "Have fun."

She smiled and stood then, looking first at Jarod and then Freddie. "Decisions, decisions," she said. "See, if I follow protocol, Molly is going counter-clockwise which means I should go counter-clockwise, and that puts Jarod next. But Freddie was the one that was whining about getting some good luck."

"Fuck protocol," Freddie said. "Me next!"

Kelly giggled but shook her head. "You'll just have to wait your turn. We don't want to have a traffic jam." She turned then and quickly checked to make sure no one needed a refill before she slid towards Jarod. "Would you like for me to sit in your lap?" she asked.

"Is that even a question?" he asked, smiling. 

Grinning, she slowly moved between his legs and lowered herself down. Memories of the party here before when Ed and Mark had taken liberties with her flashed in her mind. She vividly remembered how turned on she'd gotten at the mere suggestion of misbehaving around her husband.

She felt Jarod's warmth immediately as she sat down on his leg. His long arms came around her then, one grasping his cards, the other his glass of whiskey. 

"Do you like my outfit?" she asked, glancing up at his eyes as she turned slightly.

"You look pretty spectacular," he replied, smiling. "I can totally see down your dress," he said, chuckling.

She snickered quietly and leaned back to whisper in his ear. "That's kind of the idea. Do you like what you see?"

He smiled again and nodded, turning to whisper in her ear. "I can't see much, but I've got a vivid imagination, and right now, you're the star attraction."

She laughed easily and relaxed back into him. After a few seconds, she wriggled playfully in his lap for a moment and then turned to watch the game. He was a perfect gentleman though, and she found herself a little disappointed that he hadn't taken any liberties with her. He hadn't even touched her leg or waist, though she could tell she was having an effect on him from the bulge poking her in the butt.

Molly seemed to be moving every 10 minutes or so, but she and Derrek looked to be quite comfortable for the moment. She was turned sideways so that he could get an eyeful of her spectacular breasts, sitting on one leg with her arm around his neck. He was only half paying attention to the game, and was more concerned with speaking to her and ogling her goodies.

Their conversation seemed to reach a stopping point and she stood then. "Okay, where's my payment?" she asked, turning and sticking her rump out. Derrek smiled, slightly embarrassed and gave her a halfhearted swat on her butt. She smirked and rolled her eyes. "Drake, you've gotta teach him how to spank a bad girl," she said.

She stood and moved towards Freddie, who had his arms wide and looked up with a goofy look on his face. She laughed and covered her mouth for a second at his antics and took a seat in his lap.

"I'm guessing you want a look at my girls too?" she asked, cupping her breasts with her hands and jiggling them a little bit.

"Well shit, if you're offering," he said, and slapped his face directly down into her cleavage, drawing raucous laughter as she rolled her eyes and pulled his head up.

"Listen here, you can look but you can't touch," she said.

"Well, you see she mentioned earlier about this being a groping/good luck thing," he replied, grinning widely.

She turned and looked at him briefly. "Well shit, you're right," she said, and pulled his face down into her cleavage again, grinning at Kelly. More laughter followed at the two of them.

Kelly stood then and turned, heading towards Gus. She briefly wondered if he wanted her to sit or stand next to him, but he pulled out from the table and slapped his leg twice.

"Come on now, Red, Ole' Gus has a seat all ready for ya!"

Kelly smiled at the older man and assumed her seat. She felt his warm hand cupping her butt cheek as she sat down but didn't move it. She was guessing that he was trying to get a rise out of her, by surprising her with a hand on her ass, but she wasn't playing along. He wormed his hand slowly out from under her as she smiled at him.

"You didn't have to move," she whispered, drawing close to his ear. He smiled and cleared his throat, seeming nervous all of the sudden. She decided not to press him.

The game played a few more rounds. Molly and Freddie seemed to be talking as much as she and Derrek had. Eventually she looked up and saw Molly indicate that she was going to go change outfits again. Kelly stood and quickly followed.

The two frisky women headed to change and came out wearing the last outfits they had selected. Kelly emerged first wearing a lacy white corset complete with garters, stockings, long lacy white gloves, and a pair of g-string panties. The diaphanous material was super thin, and her nipple rings atop her erect nipples were straining outwards against the fabric. Her areola were clearly visible through the material, and the slightest hint of her red thatch of pubic hair could be seen at the top of the minuscule panel of fabric between her legs. The men were briefly taken aback as she came around.

"Well what do you think?" she asked. She suddenly became acutely aware of six men staring at her hungrily. She felt her pussy grow squishier.

"You look gorgeous, baby," Duncan said, breaking the stunned silence.

Drake agreed quickly, "Good lord Kelly, Gus might have a heart attack!" 

The chuckle from the group seemed to break the nervous atmosphere and she moved forwards toward the elder brother. Feeling delightfully naughty, she leaned over the table before she retrieved his glass to refill it and gave him a spectacular view of her pale rump. The g-string slid down the crack of her ass and pressed delectably against her pussy. She knew he could see practically everything. Hearing him groan behind her, she stood up and smiled.

"Shit, you might give me a heart attack," he said.

Molly emerged then, and the group smiled widely at her. She was wearing a number in the same style as Kelly's, but hers was a sinful red color. The brunette came over to Duncan and presented her rump towards him. 

"I need my payment if you're going to be getting a refill." She nodded towards his glass sitting empty on the table in front of him.

Duncan chuckled in response and playfully swatted her rear. Smiling, she leaned down and kissed him on the cheek before gathering up a few of the glasses and refilling them.

The girls quickly finished refreshing drinks and stood by the table for a moment. Kelly decided to take the initiative and slid in front of Drake again. He opened his arms and legs for her to take a seat, but she slid backwards, bending forwards and sliding her butt down his chest and to the conspicuous bulge in his pants.

"Molly, I think your husband may have a gift for you later," Kelly said, grinning.

Molly came around to Duncan's side and turned towards him, pushing him back against the chair and running a hand through his hair. Kelly saw her slide forwards, placing her legs over her husband's so that she could get her crotch as close as possible to his. "I think you can see your husband's gift from over there," she remarked, looking down.

Drake did his best to concentrate, but ended up folding. Tossing his cards into the middle of the table, Kelly felt him grasp both of her hips and pull her down into his lap. She felt his cock push against her buttocks for a second and then slide between her cheeks. She pushed backwards, causing him to groan and lean forwards until his forehead pressed into her red locks of hair.

"See, Derrek," she said, turning and pointing at the cards he'd tossed. "I'm not a good luck charm after all." He laughed in response.

She glanced up and saw Molly leaning forwards, grinding gently against Duncan as she leaned her head against his neck. Eventually the two women stopped gyrating and Molly turned around to actually watch a few hands. Drake was definitely taking a few liberties with Kelly, his hands gently cupping her ass cheek, or moving across her midriff to slide deftly down between her legs and rub her thighs as closely to her pussy as he dared. Her panties grew even damper. 

They switched one hand later and Kelly slid down into Derrek's lap. She felt his warm hands immediately pull her closer, and felt the delightful bulge pressing into her ass. She felt his hands trying to squeeze beneath her leg to adjust his dick, so she lifted up slightly to assist him. Sitting back down, she briefly closed her eyes as she felt a new sensation pulse through her. His tented pants pushed the g-string she was wearing aside and across the folds of her soaked pussy. Her eyes fluttered open as she tried to focus on the game. Gently she began to gyrate forwards and backwards, her pussy slowly and surreptitiously massaging his cock. She glanced up at Duncan and saw his knowing smile and wink.

Leaning back, Kelly reached behind the younger brother and laid her arms around his neck. The movement arched her back and drew her breasts upwards and outwards. Her areola peeked out above the top of the bra for a moment. Derrek must have felt brave at that moment, because he reached up and briefly pulled at one of her rings through the fabric of her lingerie. He covered it by mentioning something about always wanting to see some.

She smiled and stood then, glancing briefly at Molly as she spoke quietly with Jarod across the table. "Would you undo the bra for me?" she asked, glancing down at Derrek.

He swallowed visibly and nodded, reaching up as he glanced at Duncan. Duncan's wide smile seemed to reassure him as he unclasped the garment. Kelly glanced down as she spun, brushing a stray hair away from her pale skin and presenting her nipple rings.

"What do you think?" she asked, looking up at him. Derrek smiled and reached up. Stopping before he got there, he looked at her inquisitively. "May I?" he asked.

Kelly smiled and nodded. "Of course!" she said. "I love when people play with my piercings."

He reached up and lifted one ring and then the other, pulling briefly and making a show of examining them. "So I guess they make your nipples erect a lot?"

She shrugged. "Not necessarily. I've always had nipples that protruded like this. In high school I had to wear thicker bras so that I didn't inadvertently give the boys a show. Now, though, I don't mind when people notice so much." She reached up and tweaked them herself once, pulling roughly at the rings and jiggling her breasts seductively.
