 Duncan

After arriving at their destination and being driven to their hotel, Kara, Duncan, and Mark walked up to the front desk. After speaking with the clerk and getting signed in, they headed upstairs and went into their rooms to get settled.

Duncan quickly checked in with his wife through text. As he set the phone down, a soft knock drew his attention to the door adjoining Kara's room to his. He stood and unlocked the door and saw her smiling at up him, mischief in her eyes.

Turning, she sauntered sexily over to her suitcase and garment bag and pulled them towards Duncan's room. "You didn't actually think I wasn't going to share your bed, did you?" she asked, sliding past him.

"Well, I was hoping," he said, smiling at her.

She slid over to him, oozing sexual energy, and looked up at him with her gorgeous blue eyes.

"I have to say, I've been really looking forward to this trip," she said, running her fingers across his chest.

Duncan smiled. "Me too. I can't wait to spend some time with you."

She reached up and pulled him down for a deep, sensual kiss. He returned it, taking her beautiful red hair in his hands and cradling her, eliciting a small whimper of pleasure and happiness from her.

"We better go over the itinerary before you get me all worked up or we'll never get anything done."

He smiled and drew a handful of her hair up to his nose, inhaling deeply. "God damn, you are an intoxicatingly sexy woman."

She sighed happily and leaned into him. They stood there, enjoying each other for a few quiet minutes before she patted him on the chest. "I better go get Mark so we can go over the itinerary."

Duncan smiled. "If you're sure. I guess I can behave a little longer."

She turned and headed for the door, stopping just short and looking back. "Well I hope not," she said with a wink. "I plan on fucking you just about the entire time we're here."

He smiled and fell to his knees dramatically, causing her to laugh and breaking the air of sensuality she had surrounding her for a moment.

"Get up, you big lug," she said, turning and opening his door.

A minute later, she knocked on his door again and Duncan let both her and Mark in. She cleared her throat and popped on her reading glasses as she took up the itinerary, effectively making her look like a sexy librarian. The sight only made Duncan want her more. 

"Okay, so Mark, I know you have your own stuff, but they are taking us on a tour of the plant first thing in the morning. After that, they are treating us to lunch and then we'll head back to their office for a short meeting. After that, I think we're free. Our flight back is Friday morning."

Mark tried to reach over and caress her arm, but she knocked his hand away. "No touchy," she said. "They are also taking us to dinner tonight, as well" she said, setting the sheet of paper down.

"What time is that?" Mark asked.

"In about two hours," she answered.

He grinned and reached for her again. She knocked his arm away again and turned, pushing him up against the door.

"Understand that if I want to include you, I'll include you. Be glad that I don't tie you to the bed and make you watch me fuck Duncan into a coma. Just because we're in the same swingers group doesn't mean you just get to grab me and have your way with me," she said, glaring at him. She snickered though, unable to hide her laughter.

Mark and Duncan both laughed loudly but Mark raised his hands defensively.

"Trust me," she said. "If I want to fuck you, I'll fuck you."

Duncan chuckled and looked at Mark sympathetically. "Kelly did say that Kara was my wife for this trip," he said, shrugging.

Mark laughed and shook his head good-naturedly. "He's got the bigger dick, I get it," he joked, drawing a laugh.

"Don't get me wrong," Kara said. "I'm pretty sure that some time in the future, I'll get to see what you're working with. Duncan's cock is pretty magnificent, but I've never seen a cock I didn't like."

Mark smiled and reached for her again playfully but she slammed him forcefully against the wall. "And trust me, sex with me is worth waiting for."

"She ain't kidding," Duncan said, grinning as she came back and laced her arm in his, laying her head sweetly on his shoulder.

Mark turned then, pouting playfully and hung his head as he headed for the door.

"Oh, you know what could be fun," she said, drawing a backward glance from Mark and a knowing smile from Duncan. "We could all shower together," she said.

Mark laughed but shook his head. "Thanks, but no thanks. If it's going to be the three of us in there, there won't be enough room for me after you guys squeeze Duncan's dick in there."

Duncan laughed but Kara had other plans.

She lifted a leg up and put it on the bed, her skirt sliding sexily up her thigh and accentuating the luscious curve of her ass. She looked up at him demurely as her hair slid into her face. Taking off one shoe, she repeated the process on the other side and then walked over to him, her bare feet padding quietly towards him. She looked up at him sultrily and licked her lips. Turning, she presented her back to him.

"Would you help me with this?" she asked, lifting her hair so that he could unzip her top. He did so quickly, swallowing the sudden lump in his throat. Turning, she looked up at him expectantly, a smirk on her face. He smiled back and began to lift the top off, sliding it over her head and pulling it through her hair.

He looked down at her breasts and wonderfully erect nipples and smiled. She winked at him casually and turned, bending at the knees as she slid her skirt off.

"Just because you can't touch, doesn't mean you can't enjoy the show," she said, reaching up to pull at both of her nipples.

She turned and sauntered over to the bathroom and stopped in the door. "Besides," she said, leaning sexily against the frame. "I never said I can't touch you." She smiled wickedly and turned, beckoning Duncan in with a finger and a wink.

"Coming?" Duncan asked. 

Mark guffawed briefly, but headed in behind him and shut the door. The two men stood close to each other, watching as Kara opened the door to a rather large shower and turned on the water. She stepped back out a few seconds later, water droplets running slowly down her smooth skin and causing little goosebumps to raise up and make her nipples even more erect.

"So you did want to join us," she said, smiling and sauntering over.

Mark cleared his throat and smiled down at her as she slunk over. "Are you going to watch me shower or would you like to join me? Maybe I'll even let you wash me."

He smiled and nodded, not actually answering the question. She reached up to his collar.

"Well then, you can't shower like this now, can you?" she asked. "Would you mind if I undressed you?"

"As long as that doesn't break the rules," he said, grinning. 

She smirked and undid the first button, her fingers gently tracing down his shirt. The next button popped free and then the next, until she pushed the shirt open and off his shoulders. He slid his arms free as she ran her hands slowly across his chest, her fingers tracing small circles. She slid her hands down to his belt then, and unclasped it, moving slowly and methodically. The button fastening his pants was next, and she slid her hands in and began to gently pull downwards, drawing both his pants and underwear down at the same time.

Duncan watched from a few feet away, unable to take his eyes off her.

Kara looked up as she slid down to her knees, her hair shaking sexily out behind her. She pulled more, drawing his underwear down and freeing his erection. She smiled as it bobbed out upwards, painfully erect.

"You've got a very pretty cock, Mr. Bakersfield," she said slowly, oozing sensuality. Duncan watched as his erection passed within a few inches of her face. She looked up slowly, inching forwards as she met his gaze. He knew that Mark could probably feel her warm breath on his manhood.

She licked her lips and leaned forwards, planting a single kiss on the tip and eliciting a body shaking moan from him. Smiling, she stood and turned, moving towards Duncan and beginning to undo his shirt just as methodically and sexually charged as she had for Mark.

She took Duncan's shirt off as he kicked off his shoes. Slowly drawing his pants and underwear down, she gazed up at him and smiled as his proudly half-erect cock sprung free.

"Ohh," she said, smiling widely. "There's my favorite toy." She immediately leaned forwards and took the tip into her mouth, moaning and rolling her eyes as if she were quenching a deep thirst with ice cold water. "Oh my God," she said, slurping him for a moment. "I'd forgotten how beautiful this dick is."

Duncan smiled down at her and drew her up. He slid his hands down and pulled her panties off as she reached forwards and gently stroked his cock.

"God," she moaned. "I'm going to make you fuck me with that thing all goddamn day tomorrow. Every chance I get," she promised. "In the cab on the way to lunch, in the fucking bathroom."

Mark smirked and finished pulling his shoes and socks off along with the rest of his pants.

She sighed and released Duncan's cock, turning and stepping into the shower and holding her hands out for the two of them.

Duncan stepped in first and moved around to her back as she pulled Mark in to her front. Reaching for the soap, Duncan poured a good amount on her shoulders and began to rub and scrub every inch of the back of her body, letting Mark have the honors of doing the front. He watched as his friend rubbed Kara's shoulders and moved lower, paying obvious attention to her breasts and then moving even lower.

"Is this breaking your rules?" Mark asked, sliding his hands across her pubic mound and then back up.

She giggled and shook her head. "We're just washing each other," she said. "Touching in the shower is most definitely allowed."

Duncan chuckled and slid his hands down her ass and then under, until he could feel her pussy. He felt Mark's fingers then, and the two of them plunged into Kara's pussy from different sides.

She moaned and reached out to steady herself against the wall against the sudden intrusion.

Biting her lip, she spread her legs to give them better access. Duncan turned his hand so that his finger was sliding into her from across her anus, while Mark's was sliding down the front side of her pussy. It felt a little weird for him when he occasionally hit Mark's finger, but that's all it was, a finger.

Kara moaned, closing her eyes and leaning forward to Mark's chest and reaching back to grip Duncan's cock as if it were a security blanket.

He felt her pussy tighten then, and her muscles began to squeeze down on the two of them as an orgasm ripped through her. She gasped and yelped, slapping the wall gently and tenderly biting at Mark's chest as she came. Waves of contractions slid down her pussy until she finally sighed and leaned back.

"That was intense," she said as Mark knelt to wash her legs down before standing and moving close to her as she backed up against Duncan and ran her face under the water stream and letting it wash through her mouth. She pushed Mark back out of the shower then, stepping out with him and disappearing into the bedroom and then reappearing a few seconds later holding a razor and a bottle of female shaving cream.

She pulled him back into the large shower and handed Mark the razor. "I've got too much hair on my pussy," she said. "I'd like you to shave it."

He smiled and reached for the shaving cream.

"Be gentle," she warned, spreading her legs as she turned her shoulders to wash Duncan.

Her warm hands slid sensually across his torso and back, even downwards to his ass and undercarriage. She didn't miss a single spot. He turned and saw Mark on his knees slowly drawing the razor across her pussy and removing the hair.

"There we go," he said, holding the razor up for her. She reached down with a free hand and felt. "Pretty nice," she said, but then reached down and ran the razor a few more times across her sex, getting a few hairs that he missed.

"There we go," she said. "How does that look?"

He smiled and leaned forwards. "Delicious," he remarked. She snickered and then turned towards Duncan. 

"Your turn," she said, reaching for the cream and the razor. "Trust me, it's gonna make your dick look even bigger."

He chuckled. 

"Like he needs it to look any bigger," Mark said, shaking his head.

"Don't worry, you're next," she replied. Mark rolled his eyes but backed up to give her space so she could work.

She smiled and began to soap down Duncan's pubic area. Gently, she began to run the razor across his skin and proceeded to shave off all of his pubic hair. She looked up then and smiled. "Now that looks delicious," she said, looking back at Mark.

"Not to me," he quipped.

She giggled and bounced Duncan's cock one time for good measure. He backed up as she turned and reached up to soap down Mark's pubic region. She gripped his cock in one hand and began to rub the soap in with her other one. Getting him nice and soapy, she leaned forwards and began shaving off his hair.

He groaned and laid his head back on the wall as she quickly shaved him clean. He behaved himself and didn't try to grab her head or do anything else to her. She finished, stood, and turned around, pulling Duncan and Mark closer together so she could stroke both of them.

"See?" she said. "One shape for each occasion! I love how yours curves downwards," she said, gently stroking Mark's erection, "and how yours curves upwards," she finished, stroking Duncan with her other hand.

The both chuckled, but pulled apart so that they weren't so uncomfortably close. She rolled her eyes and they finished washing the rest of the hair and soap off. "If it was just you two in here, then that would be a little gay. I'm here though, so stop freaking out," she admonished as she began to towel them both off.

After they got done fooling around in the bathroom, Mark got dressed and headed back to his room for a quick nap.

"If you jerk off and spoil my plans for later, I'm going to punish you," Kara warned. "And not in a good way," she finished, casting a sultry stare at him as he retreated, shaking his head in amusement.

"We can't have that now, can we." he said.

Kara grinned as the door closed behind Mark, a mischievous smile on her face.

"You're being awfully mean to him," Duncan said as he moved over and laid down on the bed.

She giggled and came over after flipping off the extra lights in the room. She flipped open the curtain to the small balcony and opened the door. "He likes it," she said, turning and glancing at Duncan.

Sliding open the door, she stepped out and looked out over the city. Duncan came out and moved beside her.

"You aren't afraid someone will see us?" he asked.

She smiled. "I'm hoping they will. We're one really good looking... couple of people," she said, smiling at him.

"You can say couple," he said, smiling back. "You're my wife for this trip, remember?"

She grinned. "I know, I just didn't want to cross any boundaries."

He smirked and turned to head inside.

"Aww," she said, pouting for a moment as she followed him in and slid the door closed behind her.

"Sorry, not a fan of heights," he explained.

She smiled and came over as he lay back on the bed again.

"That's okay," she said. "I just don't get to fuck you out on the patio."

He grinned and shook his head. "I have a feeling I won't be able to use my dick for a few days when we get home."

She smiled. "That's probably a good assessment. I wonder how much I can make you cum while we're here."

He chuckled and looked up as she pushed him gently to roll over. Turning on to his stomach, he looked to his side as she slid her warm body over the top of his, laying down for a moment. He loved the sensation of warm body and cold, wet hair on his skin. She lay on top of him for a moment before she slid her torso upwards and began to gently massage his skin.

"You're a very lucky man," she said, dropping the sultry overtones in her voice for a moment.

He nodded, sighing as she kneaded her fingers down his shoulders and back. "I know. Kelly's amazing."

"She is. Having a dick as big as yours isn't always a good thing. I've never been with anyone that had as big a dick as you, but I have had guys that had a few inches smaller. Not a one of them was worth a fuck in bed, and every one of them had an attitude, as if the world owed them something because they had a big dick."

Her hands were working miracles across his back, and he groaned in pleasure.

"I don't know how... "hung" any of my other friends are, so I can't really corroborate your claim, not that I don't believe you," he said, drawing a snicker from her.

"It's pretty rare for someone to have a big dick and have the attitude of a smaller, more humble man," she said. "In my experience at least. But it's even more of a rarity for the girlfriend or wife of a guy like that to be okay with sharing him. Most women like that can't handle the jealousy part. You've got an incredible wife," she said, smiling and then leaning down to kiss him gently on his muscular back. 

"I know I do. She's the best part of my life." He rolled over and pulled her into his chest for an affectionate hug, releasing his dick from the confines of the mattress it had been squished into.

She glanced down at it as it stood proudly erect.

"I'm glad it's not weird looking too," she said. "Some guys have some strange looking dicks."

He chuckled. "Can we stop talking about other guy's dicks?"

She giggled and turned, kissing him. "You don't wanna picture me sucking anyone else's dick?"

He laughed, "No, I just don't wanna keep picturing dicks in my head. I've got a vivid imagination."

She laughed loudly at that.

"Speaking of pictures, Kelly asked if we could take some of our playtime. She's going to send some for us."

"Yeah? Who's she going to be fooling around with? Zeke and Amy?" she asked.

He shook his head and smiled as she began to idly stroke his erection, her warm touch making it quickly bob back up to full strength.

"No, Drake and Molly, and Drake's brother Derrek are all going to take her out tonight, and maybe tomorrow night. If things get crazy, she's going to send me pictures, maybe a video."

He smiled as she began to kiss down his torso, her warm lips electric on his skin.

"You're okay with her playing with you not there?" Kara asked, kissing lower until she'd started to kiss his freshly shaved pubic region. 

"Of course," he said, putting both arms behind his head and looking down at her. She pulled his dick straight upwards then, her face inches from it, and stroked. She didn't move towards it, as he'd expected, but studied it as if she were trying to discover something about it. He felt pre-cum oozing from the tip and then smiled as she spread it across the head with her thumb.

"That's pretty understanding of you," she said. "I think you guys might just be the coolest couple in the world."

He laughed but it turned into a moan as she wrapped her lips around him and sucked, the warmth oozing into him. She turned, her knees coming up to his chest as she moved to get into better position and moved until she was directly over him.

She turned suddenly, glancing at the clock and whimpered. "Ugh, I should get up and get ready for dinner," she groaned.

"That's fine," Duncan said. 

Pouting, she shook her head. "It's not. I really want to suck you off right now." 

She turned and pursed her lips against the tip of his cock, sliding forwards and taking him in again. Her lips slid slowly down his shaft, massaging his erection as it slid deeper into her mouth until he came to the back of her throat. She pushed gently and he felt her throat open, and he slid completely into her mouth. Groaning, he fell back into the pillow and stroked her back with one of his hands. She continued to hold his cock completely in her throat, her lips pressed into his pubic hair as she moaned softly. He saw a flash of light then, and chuckled, peering down as she took a few pictures with her phone before hurriedly extricating his cock and gasping for air.
