 Lucky Man

Chapter 13

Kelly

Kelly parked and went inside the terminal to wait for Duncan's plane to arrive. She busied herself by walking through the airport for a little while before selecting a random bench and pulling out her phone. Thankfully, Becky showed up around 10 minutes later and came to sit with her.

"Hey!" Kelly said, smiling and standing to hug her briefly before the two sat back down. They talked idly until the flight arrived. They stood and watched it taxi slowly forwards to the gate. After a few more minutes of waiting, Duncan, Mark, and Kara all entered looking tired from their flight. 

"Aww, they came to see me!" Kara said playfully. Hugging Kelly and Becky before they could get to their men, she giggled and then stepped aside as both men swept them up into their arms.

Kelly kissed Duncan deeply as he lifted her easily in his arms, squeezing gently and pressing his lips firmly against hers.

"I missed you," he said, his voice resonant.

She smiled. "I missed you too." She turned then and looked at Kara, who came over to join them for a hug. "Did you take care of "your" husband on y'all's trip?" Kelly asked.

Kara smiled. "I did. Thank you for letting me borrow him! I guess I'll give him back," she said, pouting.

Kelly smirked, knowing that the little minx would have her husband again soon.

The five began to talk about what they'd been doing, albeit quietly for the naughty parts, until their bags arrived. After retrieving their belongings, they said some quick goodbyes and left. Mark and Becky immediately headed home for some alone time, and Kara went back to work.

Duncan and Kelly decided to go and have lunch together before heading home for the day. They spent the evening quietly enjoying each other's company.

"So, I have to ask," Duncan said, "are you okay with the secretary thing?"

Kelly turned and looked at him with an amused expression. They were sitting on the couch watching a movie to relax a little before bedtime. Smiling, she leaned in and kissed him before sitting back to answer his question.

"I'm okay with it, you goofball. Don't you think I'd be a little less affectionate right now if I were pissed off?"

"Well, it wasn't something we discussed before, you know?" he replied.

She nodded. "Do you remember that comment you made the other day; that you half-expected me to come home and tell you I had done something with my boss? That's not really all that different. We didn't discuss that."

He looked at her, confused for a moment. "Did you?"

"No, doofus," she said, shaking her head. "You're missing the point. If I had done something with my boss, you would have been okay with it, right?"

He nodded.

"Well, the same holds true for me. We don't hold each other to different standards," she said, kissing him. "Just promise me that when stuff outside of our marriage happens, we always talk about it."

He nodded.

"Besides," she said, turning back to the movie. "It gets me all wet when we talk about our sex lives with other people."

He chuckled and turned back to the television. As the movie ended, he stood and went to lock up while she went to get ready for bed. They slid in together a few minutes later, and fell asleep spooning.

The next morning, she slid down quietly under the sheets and took his flaccid cock in her mouth. Sucking forcefully, she slid her lips down it as it rapidly swelled in her warm mouth. His groans of pleasure spurred her on and she was soon enthusiastically bobbing her head under the sheets, wet sucking sounds filling the room. He chuckled and tossed the sheet aside.

"Reclaiming what's yours?" he asked.

She grinned and nodded. Moaning softly around his shaft, she sucked as she slid up and down, cradling his balls with one hand and pumping his shaft with the other. Finally satisfied that he was fully erect, she popped him out of her mouth again and slid up his body. Tossing a leg across his hips, she slid into place and reached down to guide his massive cock into her. Groaning, he reached up and began to fondle her breasts, gently pulling at her nipple rings as she slowly began to grind her pussy down on him.

"Just making sure you know that my pussy is always yours, baby," she said, sliding up and then down, then starting to grind again.

He groaned. "I loved seeing you fucking those other two cocks," he said. "I was worried for a little bit that I wouldn't be able to handle it. But..." he groaned, gripping her hips, "...it was totally worth it. You looked so fucking hot, baby. I'm pretty sure those pictures are the reason we had a little orgy in the limo with our hosts."

She snickered and leaned forwards to kiss him. "Did the blonde suck your big dick, baby?" she asked.

He nodded. "I told Kara to start behaving herself and suck off one of the other men in the car. She'd just taken my cock out of my pants and had been stroking me off. I think she was trying to illustrate that she was the lucky one."

Kelly grunted in pleasure for a moment, scratching gently at his chest muscles.

Duncan groaned in pleasure and continued. "After Kara slipped down and started sucking the man off, Donna, the secretary, kept staring at my cock. I told her that she could touch it if she wanted, but she said, "I'm married." I nodded and just sat there, watching Kara and the man she was devouring with her mouth."

"You naughty man," Kelly said, beginning to slide up and down again, her pale skin slapping down on his and shaking her breasts sexily. "You seduced a married woman, didn't you?"

He smiled. "I simply let her do what she wanted. I didn't try to coerce her. She just kept staring, but she didn't reach out to grab me. She went from denying that she wanted to, to sucking my cock in seconds."

Kelly smiled and leaned forwards, shifting the position of his cock in her pussy.

"She sucked me off for a few minutes before she told me that she couldn't take it anymore and had to have me inside of her," Duncan said.

"That fucking tramp had to take my husband's big cock, didn't she? She couldn't stand not having my beautiful dick inside of her, that fucking slut," Kelly moaned. "She tried to steal my cock from me, didn't she baby."

Duncan nodded, gripping her hips roughly and helping her slide up and down more forcefully.

"Did you like the way I looked getting fucked, baby?" she asked, looking down sultrily at him.

He grinned. "You looked so fucking sexy baby. You were such a naughty little slut. I can't go out of town without you fucking another man."

Kelly moaned softly, his words driving her crazy.

"You turned me on so much, baby," he groaned.

She groaned and forcefully ground her pussy down on him. "Did I?" she asked. "Did you like seeing me get fucked by Drake and his brother?"

He nodded, and quickly spun her over to her back. She grinned up at him while he found his positioning again and began to slowly slide into her. 

"I loved seeing you fucking another cock," he groaned, sliding deeply into her cunt. Her soft hole squeezed adoringly down on his shaft, wrapping it in a warm embrace. "I wish I could have been there, watching it all happen again. I really like the idea of watching you fuck and not being a part of it. I want to watch my naughty slut of a wife take another cock."

She moaned at his words, feeling her orgasm build. The thought of her husband getting excited at her infidelity was driving her crazy with excitement. "You're going to make me cum so fucking hard baby," she groaned. "I want you to cum with me. Fill my pussy up with your cum baby. I want it so bad."

She began to yelp softly as he picked up speed to acquiesce to her request, his cock hammering into her repeatedly, their flesh slapping together wetly. She arched her back then, her face wide in shock and pleasure. Her pussy clamped down on him as he began to climax, his cock spasming deep inside her.

Yelping softly, she clutched at him desperately, seemingly trying to pull him in deeper as her pussy convulsed down on his spurting organ. Both of them were gasping, moaning, and clutching desperately at each other.

He groaned and smiled, his cock powering into her slimy cunt as it filled with his seed. She continued to whimper and yelp for a few more seconds as her orgasm ran its course, but eventually they collapsed onto each other. Chests heaving, they fought to catch their breath. A few minutes later, she turned to kiss him on the nose, but saw that he'd fallen asleep. Sensing that he'd be out of action for a while, she quietly slid out of bed and went about her day.

Knowing how much sex the two of them had had over the past week, she decided then and there that she'd have to turn away anyone that came sniffing around their house this weekend. They both could probably use a break from all the sexual shenanigans they'd been up to. Saturday evening with their friends would be a different story she assumed, but she'd be adamant with anyone that came around looking to seduce one of them today or Sunday.

She checked her email and saw that she'd gotten a notification from Camille that one of the new sets was up, and that people loved it. She said that they were editing the video and that the photo set of her and Luc would be going up at the start of the next month, the video a week later. She logged in and looked at the pictures. They were of the schoolgirl outfit set that she'd shot. Camille had loaded the video as well into the site, and Kelly blushed when she saw it. She didn't recognize herself. She looked too sexy to be Kelly Thomas. She smiled widely and watched the whole video, which was basically just her being filmed moving around in a variety of poses. A smile plastered to her face, she shut off the laptop and went about her weekend chores.

Duncan awoke a few hours later, and the two spent most of the rest of the day working outside or doing chores inside. All in all, it was a productive day, and by the time evening rolled around, they were ready to relax and for some good food. As they got ready for the party at Mark's, Amy texted her, asking about the present that they'd received the last time they went out. Kelly smirked and took the collar and leash out of the drawer where she'd stashed it, looking at it.

"I was wondering if you'd like me to wear it." Amy sent.

"I'll consider it," Kelly sent back after thinking about how much fun it could be to play around with her like that. "We'll meet you out front of Mark's. You better not be wearing panties this time."

Amy sent back a smiley emoticon and a saucy message. "Maybe I like when you guys punish me."

Kelly smirked and sent back, "Lol, slut. See you soon."

Amy's reply was a heart and a kissing emoji.

They returned to getting dressed then, and headed off to the party. As they arrived, they saw their "slaves" waiting obediently for them at their car. As they pulled up, the two police officers exited and walked over.

"Hey guys!" Duncan said. He walked directly to Amy, drawing her to him and brushing some hair from her face before he kissed her long and deep.

"Did you miss me?" Duncan asked, looking down at her.

Amy stared up at him, smoldering, and smiled. "You damn well know I did. Are you going to mistreat me tonight?"

Duncan looked down at her curiously. "Never!" he said.

"Ugh!" Amy said, pouting. "Why not?" she asked, her arms crossing.

Duncan laughed and shook his head quickly. "I mean, yes! Of course I am!"

Amy's smile widened and she kissed him again.

"Zeke," Duncan said, turning and shaking his hand. The young policeman nodded and smiled.

"Dunc'" he said, before turning to Kelly. She moved towards him and kissed him gently, parting her lips and letting his tongue in for a moment. She felt his hand gently squeeze her rump and she eyed him warily. "Are you misbehaving, slave?"

He grinned and nodded. "I'm a naughty boy, Mistress," he said, grinning goofily. She rolled her eyes and pushed his face away with her palm and grinned widely at him. Turning, she held her hand out for Amy's and pulled her to her. Her kiss was softer than Zeke's but just as exciting. She gently caressed the beautiful woman's cheek.

"My little lamb," Kelly told her. "My little pet. I thought about it, and I think I'd like for you to wear this," she said, smiling and producing the pink collar and leash. Amy blushed, but grinned in response.

"You know this means that I belong to you," Amy said.

"It certainly does," Kelly said, smiling. "You're my little pet!" she said. "And if Zeke is a good boy, he might get one of his own," she finished, eyeing him. She turned before he could reply and focused back on Amy. Quickly putting the collar on her, she turned and inspected her work. "Does it feel okay?"

Amy smiled and nodded, briefly adjusting the collar. Kelly grinned and headed for the house, leading her new pet with the leash.

"You guys ready for this?" she asked.

Amy smiled, clearly turned on and wiggling in anticipation. Zeke looked similarly excited, though he wasn't as animated as his wife. His smile was just as wide, however. Duncan's smile couldn't be contained either, and she snickered when he grinned widely at her.

"I'll take that as a yes," she said with a laugh and rang the doorbell.

Becky opened the door and smiled. "Hi guys! Come in, come in!" she said excitedly, stepping out of the way.

Kelly led Amy by the leash into the house. There was a low murmur of conversation, but it was coming from outside. Everyone else was out on the deck enjoying the evening weather. Mark was busy at the grill and everyone seemed to have a drink in their hand.

They exited out the back door and everyone turned to greet them. Smiling widely, Kelly pulled gently on Amy's leash, leading the beautiful blonde through the crowd of people as they said hello.

"I love the leash!" Rachel said, smiling and kissing Amy on the lips for a second. She reached down then and squeezed her nipple through her thin blouse gently as Amy stood there obediently. "Such a good girl," she said, gently pulling as Amy held still and moaned softly.

Mark came around her then and wrapped an arm around Rachel's shoulder. "Leave her alone," he said, putting her in a playful headlock and leading her away.

"I wanted to keep playing!" Rachel protested.

Marie smiled and came over to Kelly and Amy then, kissing both briefly. "I love the collar!" she said, parroting Rachel's statement.

"It's such a turn on," Amy admitted.

"It totally is," Marie agreed. "Ed has one for me that he used to make me wear."

Amy smiled and patiently waited for her mistress to move on. Kelly turned and saw a familiar face from work. "You brought Danielle?" she asked, turning and looking at Marie with a shocked look on her face.

Her friend grinned and nodded. "I told her that she and her boyfriend, Conner, could come and eat and have some fun with us."

The skinny blonde looked extremely nervous, but she had her arm through a handsome young man's arm and was quietly surveying the scene. Seeing Kelly, Danielle perked up and came over, leading Conner.

"This is my boss, Kelly," Danielle said, pulling Conner over.

"Nice to meet you," he said, nervously.

"Nice to meet you too," Kelly replied. "You guys enjoying the party?"

Conner nodded and looked at his girlfriend, who had turned and was looking curiously at Amy.

"What's the story with the leash?" Danielle asked quietly, leaning in close to whisper at Kelly.

"This is Amy," Kelly said. "She's my... pet."

Danielle's eyes widened and she blushed as she took Kelly's meaning.

Marie snickered. "It's purely a sexual thing, duckling," she explained.

Danielle nodded, suddenly understanding. "Oh! I was thinking it was some weird... thing... like an actual pet."

Kelly laughed and shook her head. "It's a little hard to explain, but I'm sure you'll get the idea soon enough. This is my husband," she said, turning and nodding at Duncan as he slid in behind Marie and wrapped his arms around her, nuzzling her neck for a moment. He looked up and smiled at the newcomer, moving around to stand between Amy and Marie.

"Duncan," he said, reaching out and gently shaking Danielle's hand. She smiled shyly and nodded.

"Nice to meet you," she said quietly. "This is my boyfriend Conner."

"Conner," Duncan said, reaching out and firmly shaking the young man's hand.

"That's Amy's husband over there, Zeke," Duncan said, pointing over at the handsome young police officer as he spoke to Ed and Mark at the grill.

Derrek, Drake, Molly, and Dana all arrived then and the group was finally all there. After introducing Danielle to everyone, Marie came back over to where they were standing. The small group talked idly while the meal was finished. As the food was brought out and set on a large table, they all sat and began to eat.

"So, should we start our confessions?" Rachel asked after conversation had died down and most people had finished eating.

"Sure, you get to start," Duncan said, grinning.

She smirked. "I actually don't have anything to add this week. I didn't get to have too much fun."

Everyone collectively said, "Aww."

"Confessions?" Danielle asked, leaning over and whispering to Kelly from across the table.

"Since we have some newcomers," Kelly said, looking at Danielle and Conner, and then Derrek, "I guess we ought to explain it. Kara?"

Her doppelganger looked up and smiled. "Well, why don't we do this down at the beach where it's nice and cozy and quiet?"

"Good idea," Marie agreed. Everyone else nodded their assent and began to clean off the table and throw away paper plates and plastic utensils. Everyone refreshed drinks and headed down to where Ed and Duncan were making a fire on the beach.

Kelly noticed at one point that Marie had pulled Danielle and Conner aside, no doubt explaining the nature of the confessions.

As they all made their way down to the beach, Kelly chose a spot next to Danielle and Conner, with Amy obediently by her side. Erin had quickly selected the spot next to Amy and pulled Duncan down next to her. Kimber slid down next to him and the two friends quickly wrapped themselves up in his arms. Erin, obviously not able to control herself around Duncan, was gently rubbing at his crotch. On the other side of Kimber sat Molly, followed by Derrek, then Dana, and finally Drake. They weren't as flirty with each other as the group next to them, but were still comfortably close. 

On the other side of Drake was Zeke who sat next to Marie, followed by Kara, and then Mark, and Rachel. Ed was next to her, and then Becky, which brought them back around to Conner.

Conversation was a low murmur for about thirty minutes until Marie finally stood and cleared her throat to get everyone's attention.

"Hey guys, I'll start off the confessions this week since we have some new meat, so to speak. So, this week, I had sex with my husband's nurse, again, and we didn't bother including him," she said, grinning for a second at him and then sitting.

Kara stayed where she was at, but cleared her throat when everyone looked at her. "Well, where do I start?" she asked no one, drawing a laugh. "I went on a trip several states away with my boss Duncan, and Mark. While we were there... we got into some interesting situations." She fell silent then, smiling curiously and looked at Mark.

"Oh hell no," Rachel said. "I want details."

Kara giggled and shrugged. "Well, I didn't want to offend the newcomers."

"Oh, they're fine," Marie said, waving a hand dismissively. "They'd never admit it, but they're just as horny as we are." Both Danielle and Conner laughed at that, blushing and causing the rest of the group to laugh as well.

Kelly reached out and squeezed Danielle's hand, then leaned in to whisper, "If you get uncomfortable, let me know and we can go back up to the house."
