 Duncan

Kelly and Mark seemed to finish their meals quickly, and Duncan had to wolf down the rest of his or risk being left behind. Mark, still being overly generous, took care of the meal for the three of them and they started for the strip club.

"We've got to stop at a liquor store though, it's BYOB," Mark explained. After making a quick pit stop, they continued on their way to the club and went inside. Kelly was staring wide-eyed at her first female strip club. Duncan came up behind her and wrapped his arms around her, kissing her neck. 

"Three VIPs," Mark said, sliding up to the counter.

"Damn," the large man behind the counter said, looking at Kelly. "For something that gorgeous, you only gonna need 2 VIPs, my dude," he said, reaching a hand up to clasp Mark's hands in a congratulatory fashion.

"Thanks, but she belongs to that big fucker over there," Mark said, gesturing to Duncan.

"Actually," Kelly corrected, "I belong to both of them tonight," she said, smiling widely.

The door man smiled widely and whistled, making no effort to hide how he was ogling Kelly. Duncan couldn't help but smile proudly. She spun in a little circle for him, flashing a playful smile.

"Hell yeah," the man said.

Mark forked over some cash as the man inspected his bag of liquor. Turning, he waved the two of them over.

"We gonna get frisked or something?" Kelly asked.

"Shit, I'll frisk you if you want me to," the man said, grinning widely.

Kelly snickered and shook her head. "I'm not concealing anything but myself under this little thing," she said.

"Shit, you know that's dangerous baby," he said laughing. The man, obviously enjoying Kelly, smiled and waved them through after gazing at her a little more.

"You're such a damn flirt," Mark said, shaking his head.

"Getting jealous?" she asked, snaking her arms through theirs.

"Shit, maybe," he said, with a grin.

"You know I only have eyes for my boys," she replied, reaching up and pulling Mark down for a quick kiss. She turned and winked at Duncan as she did so, causing him to smile.

Duncan looked around the room as they entered. There were at least ten visible bouncers that he counted. The women were gorgeous of course, but what he hadn't known was that it was a fully nude strip club.

"Oh my!" Kelly said, seeing a dancer stripping off her thong up on the main stage.

Mark smiled and directed them to a private room. They found a couch where they could still see the main stage. A waitress came over to them a few minutes later and brought them glasses and ice. Mark tipped her heavily and she disappeared.

"So what are the rules here?" Kelly asked, staring around wide-eyed.

"Well, just don't piss off the dancers and you're fine," Mark said. "You can touch them, but don't try to put anything in them."

"Eww," Kelly said, "Jesus, people try that?"

He chuckled. "Oh you sweet, naive thing."

A pretty young brunette came over with a blonde and asked if they'd like a dance. Duncan nodded and forked over the cash.

The blonde leaned over and began to undulate up against Kelly as she sat on the couch next to Mark. The girl's top quickly came off, and she pulled Kelly's hands up and laid them on her breasts.

Kelly giggled and pinched at them playfully. The girl turned and kissed Kelly's neck.

"You're adorable," Kelly said, smiling. 

"Thanks. You're pretty fuckin' sexy yourself," she answered. Duncan, though he enjoyed his own lap dance, could barely keep his eyes off of his wife and the nubile stripper. A few songs later, the two girls left.

"You think I could do that?" Kelly asked, sliding over to Duncan.

"I dunno, that's a lot of people watching you," he said as she slid into his lap. She spent a song giggling and whispering naughty things in his ear before she turned and looked over at their companion.

"Mark," she said, spreading her legs. "See anything you like?" she asked.

He chuckled and nodded. "I do, very much so."

She grinned.

It was much later in the evening when they finally pried themselves out of the club. Kelly had garnered a lot of attention from the ladies, but when Duncan's erection had been felt, word seemed to have passed to the strippers that he was hung and had money to spend, because he wasn't without a dancer for the rest of the night.

He watched for a long while as Kelly straddled Mark, gently kissing him and gyrating in his lap. He thought for a minute that she was actually fucking him in the club, but she turned around and he could see that Mark's cock was still in his pants.

Kelly slid into the backseat again, but this time she put her feet up on the seat and spread her legs. Staring sexily ahead, she began to stroke and play with her pussy.

"She must be really drunk," Duncan said, chuckling at Mark. "She's never this brazen."

"I'm not that drunk," Kelly said, having overheard him. "I'm just really, really horny." She gently rubbed at her pussy until they reached the hotel room, letting Mark watch her. 

Arm in arm, the trio walked in and to the elevator. They stepped out onto their floor and down the hallway, swaying drunkenly but only slightly. Mark started to walk towards his room, but Kelly held out her hand, pouting.

"You aren't just going to leave me like this, are you?" she asked, leaning against their door. She pulled the straps off of her shoulders and exposed her breasts, pulling hard at her nipple rings.

He smiled. "You sure you guys want me intruding?"

She scowled at him. "Mark Bakersfield, if you don't get over here I'm going to have to punish you."

He laughed. "You sound like Kara."

Duncan joined in then. "She fuckin' does, doesn't she?"

"You sure about this man?" Mark asked.

Duncan rolled his eyes. "Get the fuck in there man. You know you've been wanting this."

Unable to contain his smile, Mark followed the two into the room and began to kick off his clothes. 

Kelly quickly held up a hand though and pointed to the bathroom. "That club was sexy, but we are all taking showers. Or maybe just one shower together."

Duncan sighed. "Here we go again, bud," he said, looking at Mark.

"What is it about those two that want us to shower together?" he asked.

Kelly shrugged. "I mean, if you don't want to let me fiddle with your naughty bits, then by all means, go back to your room."

Mark grinned and stripped the rest of his clothes off as quickly as he could. Sprinting forwards, he grabbed Kelly by the hand as she squealed in surprise. Cackling, she was carried in to the bathroom and forcibly stripped as Duncan came in, smiling as the two finished getting nude. He followed suit, but wanted to give them a little alone time, and himself a little time to be a voyeur.

She glanced over, and guessed at his intention. "Come on, Studly," she said, pulling at Mark's hand. 

Reaching into the shower, she turned on the water and let it get warm before stepping in. She took the soap and coated most of her body with it before turning and doing the same to Mark. He couldn't wipe the smile off his face as she began to wash his muscles. Glancing down, he watched as she began to run her hands across his skin. Soap slithered sexily down her body, rounding her breasts and heading past her belly button to her pussy. Her fingers gently scrubbed and rubbed at his muscles, moving from his shoulders down to his chest and then stomach.

Seeking to return the favor, he moved his hands over Kelly's shoulders and down to her breasts. He tended to pay extra attention to her nipple rings, gently pulling them and eliciting a sigh of pleasure from the sexy redhead.

Duncan leaned easily back on the counter, watching and enjoying the sight. Kelly got a playful look in her eyes just then and spun around at Mark, poking her rear at him. Groaning, he leaned forwards and appeared to push into her for a second, but she slid forwards at the last moment as he moaned in protest.

"Fuckin' tease," he grunted.

Kelly giggled and backed up again. He must have thought she was giving in, because he tried it again, only to be thwarted once more. She turned then and smirked up at him.

"I'm all about the teasing," she said quietly.

"I can certainly see that," he said. She spun back around and bade him to wash the rest of her, and then spun him around and did the same.

"Your turn baby," she said, reaching out for Duncan as Mark stepped out and started to dry off.

He stepped in and kissed her long and hard, cradling her head for a moment. 

"You take Mark in there and have fun for a bit. I'm going to get cleaned up in here," he whispered.

She smiled up at him. "Are you sure?"

Duncan grinned and nodded. "Have fun. I'll see you in a few minutes."

Her smile doubled in size and she quickly kissed him again. Stepping out, she reached for a dry towel and proceeded to dry herself. 

"Duncan can join us in a second," she said, smiling and taking Mark by the hand. "I think I've teased you enough for tonight. Let's go see what kind of mischief we can make together."

Mark smiled and turned back to Duncan. "Thanks bro," he mouthed before disappearing into the bedroom.

Duncan grinned and began to wash himself off, not bothering to hurry at all.

*****

Kelly

"I heard that that mean old Kara teased you something awful on your trip," Kelly said, leading him over to the large, king-size bed.

He smiled. "She definitely did, and now you just spent the whole evening being sexy and frustrating."

"Aww," she said, pouting. "Did I make you horny?" As she spoke, she traced a single finger down his chest and tapped the head of his cock.

He nodded, looking down at her hand and then back up at her, his expression changing from a grin to a smirk. "Only every day I since I met you." She giggled, sliding on to the bed and up to the pillows.

"I've known that you've wanted me for some time," she said lowly, sexily.

His smile wouldn't diminish, and he just shrugged and nodded.

"Is the ladies' man that I've always known suddenly at a loss for words?" she asked playfully.

He chuckled. "I've wanted you since I met you," he confessed. "Duncan was smitten though, and I love the guy. He's my best friend. I would never have tried anything."

She smiled and reached out for him, patting the bed beside her. "We both know you wouldn't, hun," she said.

He smiled and slid down next to her, kissing her neck for a moment.

"So did you think about doing things to me?" she asked, her hands straying to her pussy and stroking.

Nodding into her neck, he murmured a yes. He lifted his head then and looked at her. "Only always."

"Oh really?" she asked, feigning surprise. "What does this naughty little mind think about when you see me?" she asked, tapping his head.

He lifted his lips from her neck to answer again. "Fucking you," he admitted after looking at her for a moment. 

"Oh? Fucking me?" she asked quietly, playfully. The words oozed from her mouth as if they had a texture, thick and soft. "That sounds fun," she said sexily. "What else would you like to do to this redheaded slut?" He groaned as she reached over and gently squeezed his cock.

"Mmm," he murmured, closing his eyes at the contact. 

"What else do you think about doing with me?" she prodded.

He opened his eyes and sat back a little, trying to focus since apparently her touch caused him to forget that he was supposed to answer. A smile crossed his face and he looked back into her eyes. "I think about your lips around my dick. I wonder how you would look staring up at me with my cock sliding in and out of your mouth. I mean, I have a pretty vivid imagination, so I think I know, but you never really know. I also think about eating your pussy, giving you a massage, rubbing your feet..."

She sat back a little, honestly surprised. "A massage?" she asked.

He chuckled. "Those can be sexy too, especially the way it happens in my head."

She giggled and lay back into the pillows. "So tell me, Mr. Bakersfield. What would you like to do to me right now? My husband is taking a shower and you have me at your beck and call. You can do whatever you want to me."

He grinned and fell silent, thinking.

"Would you like to start fucking me right now?" she asked, spreading her legs and plunging a finger into her pussy with a moan. She slid them into herself a few times as he gazed down longingly. "You can climb on top of me, spread my legs, and plunge that beautiful cock home into my hungry little pussy. I'll bet your cock will feel so good inside me. You know you've wanted it for so long."

He smiled, quietly listening to her descriptive dirty talk.

"Or would you like to make me suck your cock?" she asked, raising her sticky fingers and plunging them into her mouth. She sucked her juices from them before pulling them free. "You could push me to the mattress and climb on top, shoving your cock into my mouth until I almost passed out. Or, you could take your time and let me slowly suck you off. I'd lay you down on the pillows and run my tongue up your shaft, tonguing your balls until I worked my way up to the head of your cock. Then so very slowly, I would lower my lips around your shaft until you were completely in my mouth and throat, holding it there until I had to breathe." 

He was gently stroking his cock now, which was fully erect, as he listened, still just quietly watching.

"Or," she said, pushing them into his mouth. "Do you want to taste my pussy? You could lay down between my legs and run your tongue up my naughty little... cunt," she said, smiling at him. "I'll be, you'd love to taste my pussy, wouldn't you?"

He smiled, nodding.

"Oh, we have a naughty little pussy eater then?" she asked as he moved down the bed.

His grin answered her question then as he slid between her legs. She looked down and saw a man other than her husband about to go down on her, and felt pleasure and excitement threaten to overwhelm her.

"Tell me you want it first," he said, looking up as he began to kiss up one of her legs and then the other. His lips were warm, but soft on her skin. She felt a shiver of pleasure race through her each time his lips pressed against her flesh. Her pussy began to moisten in anticipation of his attention.

"Tell me," he said.

She knew this game. She frowned for a second and shook her head. "Never!"

He smirked and kissed upwards. His warm lips pressed into her calves and then higher at the soft parts of her knee, and then at her thighs. His warm tongue ran across her skin every so often, along with a gentle nibble from his teeth, sending more fingers of pleasure speeding through her and moistening her pussy even more.

"Tell me you want me to lick your pussy," he ordered, looking up at her.

She shook her head, her breath rapid as he got closer to his destination. He moved upwards, from her lower thighs to her upper, kissing, licking, and nibbling as he went. She sighed softly as he pushed her legs apart, his lips moving ever closer. She shivered uncontrollably for a moment, caught up in the anticipation of what he was doing.

He kissed the crease between her pussy and her thigh, then began to gently nibble around the edges. The sensation was electric.

"No," she answered, chewing at her lips.

He leaned forward to lick, getting precariously close, but then backed up and looked at her expectantly.

Feigning like she had to give in, she groaned and nodded quickly at him. "Please, eat my pussy Mark," she whispered.

He smiled and moved forwards, his tongue splitting her slit with its intrusive warmth and causing her to sink back into the pillows.

"Fuck," she moaned, gripping the bed as he began to lick upwards against her folds. His tongue slathered hungrily over her slit, pushing against her clitoris and then returning to the bottom. She felt him shift a hand up and pull against the top part of her pussy. With his thumb, he pulled against the small, red thatch of pubic hair and exposed her clitoris.

His warm tongue pulsed over it for a moment before returning to its teasing path up her slit. Each time it reached its apex, it brushed her clit and sent shivers of pleasure coursing through her. He leaned forwards, kissing her pussy deeply, his warm tongue sliding up again and drawing her button in his mouth to suck for a moment before it slid back down and started over. She could feel the muscular organ pressing and exploring her most intimate part hungrily, forcefully pushing and licking her.

His tongue slid up her pussy again, causing her to tense for a second before a wave of pleasure washed over her. Again it slid upwards, and again she was assaulted by pleasure as the warm organ slid into her folds and across her button. His hands squeezed underneath her hips and lifted her upwards as if he were eating a slice of watermelon. Lifting gently, he brought her hips upwards slightly, causing a new sensation wherever his tongue pushed against her flesh. He began to gently push his tongue into her passage, but then switched back to licking upwards. Finally, at the end of one of his licks, he sucked hard against her clit for a few moments and caused her pussy to quiver with its first orgasm of the evening.

"God," she moaned, gripping the sheets. Waves of pleasure were washing over her, causing her to get light-headed as she arched her back and shivered in pleasure. He continued his rhythmic slurping and sucking at her, moaning in time as he continued to pulse his tongue against her clit. She yelped again and again, gently writhing against his lips, chin, and tongue as she came, crying out softly in pleasure. Her body tensed against him each time he slurped or sucked against her. Her orgasm finally began to wind down, and she relaxed into the sheets as he began to kiss up her body.

She looked to her left and saw Duncan laying on the bed next to her, smiling. He had a look of happiness on his face. Mark was gently kissing at her tight stomach, moving upwards lazily as he planted kisses and little nibbles across her skin. Moving slowly upwards, he kissed up the lower part of her perky breasts. Poking his tongue out, he looked up and gently tongued the ring in one of her nipples, causing her to draw her breath in suddenly at the electrifying sensation that it caused to race through her. He drew the entire nipple and areola into his mouth then, sucking gently before releasing it. Lazily, he ran his tongue around the edge before dropping back down to kiss and nibble at the pale flesh around her areola. Moving across to her other breast, he started the cycle over again before he broke the kiss and came up to gently kiss her lips. She tasted her own juices still on his tongue and in his mouth as he softly pressed the warm organ into hers to gently dance against her own. She moaned as an aftershock rolled across her; a wave of pleasure echoing from her pussy to the rest of her body.

She turned. Looking at Duncan, she smiled and reached for him. He shook his head, though. "I want to watch for a while yet," he whispered.

"I love you," she said, looking up at him longingly.

"I love you," he replied.

She smiled, turning back to Mark, who'd returned to gently sucking at her nipples and kissing the soft flesh of her breasts.

"So now what do you want to do?" she asked, looking down at him.

He looked up, weighing his options silently for a second before he grinned and raised his body up, sliding over her own.

Seeing that he wanted to fuck her now, she easily spread her legs for him as she reached out for Duncan's hand. She grasped it gently and blew him a kiss.

"Is it okay to make love to you?" Mark asked quietly.

She looked at him curiously. "Make love?"

He nodded. "Fucking implies that I don't care if you have an orgasm. I very much want you to have an orgasm."

She smiled, touched by his sweetness. "I never knew you had it in you," she whispered.
