 Kelly

Kelly awoke to the feeling of Duncan rustling underneath the sheets. She snickered and quickly began to slide down, desperate to beat him at his game.

"No!" he said, laughing and pushing her back.

She snickered and wriggling out from under his grasp, reaching for his erection and trying to find purchase with her mouth. The two were laughing hard by the time they both lay back, having given up after trying to force themselves on each other.

Duncan came up over the top of her, climbing on top as she spread her legs for him.

"I figured that I hadn't gotten to wake you up with oral sex in a while," he said. "I was looking forward to doing just that and you had to ruin it."

She smirked and rolled her eyes at him. "You're the one that wasn't sneaky enough," she said.

As "Enough," escaped her lips, she let out a long sigh of pleasure as he pushed into her.

"God," he groaned, sliding deeply in. "I'll never get tired of how you feel on my cock," he said.

"I'll never get tired of your cock," she said, giggling.

He chuckled and leaned down to kiss her, still thrusting deeply into her pussy. She lifted her hips slightly, meeting him on a down thrust as he slid into her, his cock forcing its way through her folds and sending fingers of pleasure dancing through her.

"Fuck me," she whispered, clutching at him.

He groaned, gripping her hips as lifting her to meet him, sliding in completely and then laying her back down as he arched forwards, their bodies seemingly melting into one.

She quickly felt her orgasm building and clutched at him desperately. "Oh God," she groaned. "That's it... fuck me!"

He slammed into her, groaning as his own orgasm peaked, and his cock began to burst its load deep into her cunt. Her pussy clamped down on him as his orgasm pushed hers over the edge, great ripples of muscle and convulsions squeezing down on him. She felt his cock slick with cum sliding into her again and again, felt it oozing out and sliding down. 

He slid out then, falling to the side as they both fought to catch their breath. A few minutes later, he turned and leaned over to kiss her, climbing out of bed and heading to shower.

She joined him a few minutes later as he was climbing out.

"So, what are your plans with Danielle and Conner?" he asked

Kelly was just then starting her shower and peered out. "Well..." she said, dunking her head under the water and then emerging a few seconds later, reaching for the shampoo. "I noticed something about her last night."

"Yeah?" he asked, toweling off.

"Well, Danielle is a very inquisitive young woman, and we're obviously both attracted to her. I think she's very intrigued with how Amy gets treated," Kelly said, soaping her head and hair.

"I think she's more attracted to you," Duncan said. "She's got her boyfriend. I wouldn't want to mess all that up."

"Of course you wouldn't," Kelly said, letting the shampoo soak and washing the rest of herself. "You don't see the way she watches you, though," Kelly said. "I do."

"She looks at me like other women do," Duncan said dismissively.

"Exactly my love. You might not see it, but I certainly do. Women want you, just as you see men wanting me." She'd poked her head out of the shower to look at him. "The point is, though, that she's interested in being a submissive. I think." She ducked her head back in and continued to wash.

"What gives you that impression?" he asked.

"Well, last night when I was playing with Amy and Zeke, she said some things that were intriguing, and she seemed very eager to press Amy for information about the subject." She began to rinse the shampoo out then, her fingers lifting and rinsing her long red locks.

"So you really think that an eighteen year old virgin is interested in being a submissive?" he asked, grabbing his beard trimmer and sculpting it.

She began to lather up her hair again, conditioner this time, and affirmed that she did think exactly that.

"Okay," Duncan said after putting the trimmer down. "So buy her a leash and starting ordering her around."

"No," Kelly said. "We can't just have her at the same level of submissive that Amy is, you know?"

He shrugged. "I don't see why not," he replied.

"Well," she said, peering out again, "she's still a virgin, like you said, and she's very nervous and new. I think we really just need to take it very, very slowly with her."

He nodded. "What about Conner?"

Kelly sighed. "Danielle thinks that he's only really still hanging around her so that he'll be able to see all the fun times. I think she might break up with him, or vice versa."

Duncan frowned. "Well, that sucks."

She nodded. "He's nice enough, and he's got decently sized dick," Kelly said, grinning.

He laughed and shook his head. Rinsing off, she hopped out and joined him in the bedroom. They both pulled on a pair of underwear and headed to the kitchen to eat some breakfast.

"It follows that he's not going to break up with her if he wants to see the fun times. Maybe we need to hold off until they resolve whatever issues they have," he said.

Kelly nodded. "That's a good idea," she said. "I'll have a talk with her on Monday."

Duncan moved over to the coffee machine and began to brew a fresh pot. Turning, he leaned back against the counter and looked over at her.

"I think I'm going to have a full week," Kelly said. "I've got the photo and video shoot on Wednesday, plus we said that we'd make time to play with Zeke and Amy."

Duncan nodded. "It's gonna be busy for both of us, I think. I meant to ask you, though, did you really want to bring Amy to the wedding with us?"

Kelly shrugged. "I mean, I want to take her out in public with the leash on, but around my family it would be a little weird, not that I care what they think."

Duncan smirked. "Well, Honey, they're still your family."

She sighed. "Ugh, don't remind me." She finished making breakfast and they sat to enjoy the morning together.

After a few minutes, Duncan turned and looked at her. "Danielle's in college right?" he asked.

Kelly nodded. "She is, why?"

He looked at her, confused. "Then how does she work for you from eight to five?"

"Oh," Kelly said. "Most of her classes are online. She does the work in the evenings. If she did have a class, we'd let her work part-time though."

Duncan nodded. "Just curious," he said.

Kelly smirked. "Mmhmm. Thinking about that sexy little blonde, weren't you?"

Duncan chuckled, but Kelly decided to push it a little further, standing and coming over to sit in his lap.

"Oh, Mr. Duncan, what is that giant thing poking my tender virgin butt?" she asked, speaking in a playfully high-pitched voice.

Duncan tickled her briefly, and she stood, laughing.

Sitting back down, Kelly smiled and winked at him. "Don't tell me you haven't thought about it."

"We've covered this," Duncan said. "We're both terrible people because we both think about it."

"Speaking of "it,"" Kelly said. "I guess Marie just had to get her claws into you, didn't she?"

He chuckled and shrugged. "She was the last one of the group. I figured it was only fair."

"Well," Kelly said, smirking, "I think we just established that Danielle is part of the group, and now she's the last."

Duncan smiled, but shook his head. "She's still a virgin, honey. I don't see that happening."

"I dunno," Kelly said with a wry smile. "She's a lot more curious than we were at that age."

"That's true," he said. "It probably doesn't help that she has access to a bunch of perverts like us."

"The poor thing is doomed," Kelly said. "Lil' slut."

Duncan laughed at that and headed to get dressed so he could do some work outside while Kelly busied herself with laundry and cleaning the house. That evening, they watched a movie and then went to sleep early.

Kelly was feeling playful the next morning as they got dressed for the day. She deviously thought of a few things she could torment and tease her hubby with when she got to work.

When she arrived, Danielle looked up and smiled. Standing, the adorable blonde came over and hugged Kelly.

"Morning!" she said.

"Good morning, sweetie," Kelly replied. "Did you and Conner have a good weekend?"

Danielle smiled and nodded. "We did. We had a long talk and I think we've decided that we're just going to take it slow and one step at a time."

Kelly smiled. "Your relationship?"

Danielle shrugged a little. "Kind of. We want to play around with everyone, but we don't want to move too fast. I think Conner is ready to go faster than I am, and to tell you the truth, I'm kind of okay with it."

Kelly nodded, silently listening.

"I mean, we were together in high school and we just sort of kept being together here at college," she said. "We both decided that we weren't in love with each other, but we have fun together and if something happens for one of us and not the other, then that's okay."

Kelly smiled. "It's easy to say that, but jealousy can be ugly."

Danielle nodded. "That's why we're taking it slow."

Smiling, she turned and headed back to her desk. Kelly followed her and sat halfway on the edge.

A few second passed and the blonde looked up at her curiously.

"So," Kelly said. "You seemed pretty interested in being a submissive like Amy," she said. "Does that mean that I get to start working with you too?"

Danielle blushed and shrugged nervously. "I mean... yeah, it was really interesting. I don't know what it was about it, but it made me so... horny..." she whispered, looking around.

Kelly snickered. "That's the whole point, duckling," she replied. "Amy wouldn't do it if it didn't turn her on. When she has an orgasm, it looks like she's about to pass out!"

Danielle giggled.

"So, what you're saying is," Kelly said a few seconds later, "you'd like to start learning how to be a good submissive?"

Danielle bit her lip nervously but then nodded, a wide smile coming to her face.

"Good," Kelly said. "I'll need to buy you a few things, but I think you'll really like what we're going to start doing." She turned and started to head to her desk. "By the way," she said, stopping and turning. "I'm planning on teasing and tormenting my husband this week. I might require your assistance, okay?"

"Okay," Danielle said, smiling widely. Kelly looked at her pointedly. Danielle blushed deeply and cleared her throat. "I mean, Yes, Mistress."

Giggling, Kelly winked at her and went to her desk to work. Marie arrived a few minutes later and practically danced into the room.

"What are you so happy about?" Kelly asked as she sat down.

"I got to fuck your husband," Marie said in a sing-song voice. She turned and grinned at Kelly.

"I know, everyone saw you," Kelly replied. "Tramp," she added playfully.

Marie grinned. 

"I take it you enjoyed him?" Kelly asked.

"God," Marie said, rolling her eyes back into her head. "I don't know if I've ever had an orgasm that powerful."

Kelly snickered. "Well, I'm glad you finally got it out of your system."

"Oh honey," Marie said, shaking a single finger at her. "There ain't no gettin' that out of your system. I'm gonna need a few more rolls in the hay."

Kelly laughed and shrugged. "Remember though," she said, looking at her seriously. "He'll fuck you when he wants to fuck you."

The two burst out laughing at that. A few minutes later, their bosses came in and the two went to work.

An hour or so later, Kelly motioned for Danielle to follow her and winked deviously. "Step one of operation torment my husband," Kelly said. "We're going to send him some provocative pictures of me. Bring your phone."

"Okay," Danielle said, smiling and following her.

Kelly knocked softly on Mr. Sellers' door.

"Come in," came the voice within.

Kelly smiled as she entered. "I just wanted to check and make sure that you still had my picture in your phone," she said. "Danielle was curious how it looked, so I figured I'd show her."

Mr. Sellers swallowed hard and pointed to his phone on his desk. Kelly grinned and picked it up. She offered it to him to unlock, which he quickly did and handed it back. Thumbing through, she found the picture and waved Danielle over to look.

"I just love having a cock in my mouth," Kelly said. "I used to hate it a few months ago, honestly. After Duncan and I started to try and work on my oral skills, I grew to where I tolerated it, and then to where I just couldn't stand not to have a dick in my mouth. Sometimes," she said, turning and looking at him, "it's all I can think about."

He groaned and sighed.

Kelly came around the edge of his desk then and sat on the edge. "I'm assuming you like to have your cock in my mouth?" she asked. "I mean, from the photo, it looks like it was pretty hard."

He nodded, but couldn't find the words.

Danielle giggled.

"Danielle thought that you needed one where you just came in my mouth," Kelly said. "Isn't that naughty of her? She heard me telling stories of how I recently started letting my husband and his friends do that." She leaned in and play-whispered at him. "Sometimes, he makes me swallow it."

He smiled widely.

"Would you like a picture of me with a load of cum in my mouth, Mr. Sellers?" Kelly asked.

"I uh...," he stammered.

Kelly glanced at Danielle. "Take some pictures. We'll send them to Duncan."

She smiled and turned, looking at Mr. Sellers as she stepped around his desk as Danielle pulled out her phone.

"Would you like me to suck your cock, sir?" she asked.

He nodded slowly. 

She smiled and shook her head at his timidness. "I should make you beg for it," she said, "but I'll behave."

Sinking to her knees, she pulled on the arm of his chair with a single hand, turning him towards her. Reaching up, she smiled as she looked into his eyes. 

"I can suck you off like this, or you can stand and take matters into your own hands," she said, looking at him and waiting for an answer.

He coughed and cleared his throat. "I uh... here... is fine... if you're sure."

She smiled. "Aww. I'm sure Mr. Sellers. I just have to have a cock in my mouth. But if you don't want one, I can always go see if Mr. Deekins wants to cum in my mouth..."

He chuckled and shook his head. "To hell with him," he said with a smile.

Kelly giggled and reached up to unzip his fly. Fishing around for a second, she quickly found his obvious erection and pulled it out.

Danielle came over then and knelt down to take some pictures as Kelly leaned forwards and ran her tongue up the underside of his cock. He groaned loudly.

"Hold her hair so I can see her face," Danielle said.

He nodded and gathered up Kelly's red locks in his hand, pulling it to the other side. Her warm lips encircled the head of his cock as she began to suck and slide them tightly down his shaft. Groaning, he relaxed into his chair as her head began to bob up and down. 

"I'm not gonna last long," he warned.

She giggled and broke her lock for a second. "I hope not," she said. "It's okay, you don't have to warn me."

He groaned again and sank back into the chair.

Sliding her lips up and down his shaft again and again, she whimpered seductively. He groaned one more time and she felt him begin to cum into her waiting mouth. She smiled as he began to fill her mouth, then concentrated and took it all in.

When he was finally spent, she smiled and looked at Danielle so she could snap a few pictures before swallowing it down.

A few minutes later, she'd put her boss' cock away and was back at her desk. Danielle came over and handed her phone back.

"Did you send it to my husband?" Kelly asked.

Danielle shook her head, glancing down at her.

Kelly smiled and nodded. "I'll text you his number."

Danielle blushed and shook her head at her. "I uh... don't need it."

Kelly grinned and turned, giving her a pseudo-shocked look. "Where did you get my husband's phone number?"

Danielle smiled and shrugged. "From Kara."

Kelly snickered and shook her head. "You naughty girl! Trying to seduce my husband behind my back?"

Danielle saw through the ruse and shook her head at Kelly. "You're not upset at me."

Kelly smiled and winked. "Send him a picture and see if you can get a rise out of him. Be as naughty as you can."

"Yes, ma'am," she said with a giggle. Turning, she walked towards her desk and sat down before looking back shyly. "I mean Mistress," she said with a quiet smile.

"Good girl," Kelly said.

Turning, she went and poked her head back into her boss's office. "Thanks for letting me suck your cock," she said. "Let me know if you need any other help in that area," she said smiling.

He chuckled and shook his head.

*****

Duncan

Duncan arrived that morning to work and smiled genuinely at Kara. She looked up at him, her face wide and beaming as she watched him walk towards her.

"Good morning, Mr. Thomas," she said, smiling sweetly.

"Good morning, Kara," he said. "How are you?" she smiled.

She shrugged. "I guess I'm okay."

He frowned and looked down at her. "Do we need to talk?"

She smiled and shrugged. "Would you make love to me today?" she asked.

He smiled at her choice of words and knew she must be feeling needy and clingy today. He smiled and nodded at her. "Of course I will," he said, reaching his hand out.

She smiled widely at that and surged up into his arms. "Thank you," she said. "It's been a tough couple of days," she said.

He kissed her forehead as they went into his office and shut the door behind them.

"What happened?" he asked.

She shook her head. "Just my parents," she said. "Just being themselves."

He smiled and caressed her cheek a little before leaning down to kiss her. She whimpered softly into him and began to undo the buttons on her blouse.

Smiling up at him, she slid down to her knees and looked up at him expectantly.

"You've got your innocent secretary on her knees in your office, Mr. Thomas," she said. "What are you going to make her do?"

He smiled at her playfulness and quickly decided that he'd play along.

"Miss Scofield," he said, adopting his deeper tone of voice.

She shivered a little as she heard his commanding town.

"Yes, sir?" she asked.

"I need you stay on your knees for me, and don't get up until I've finished with you. Is that clear?" He walked around her, stepping over her legs as he went around her back side.

She nodded. "Yes, Mr. Thomas."

Duncan smiled. "Good girl. Now finish undoing your top, but just let it hang loose, don't take it off. I want it to look disheveled."

She sighed, nibbling on her bottom lip as she stared up at him lustily.

Stopping in front of her, he unzipped his slacks and pulled out his cock. He was semi-erect, flopping down in front. His dick was only full enough to look really appealing, not yet completely hard.

He stepped forwards and then back out of range as she leaned towards him.

Whimpering, she pouted up at him as he neared her again, his cock coming within inches.

She frowned at him, causing him to smile.

"Open your mouth, and don't close it," he said, causing her to snicker.

She did as he asked though and opened her mouth slightly. Lifting his steadily growing cock upwards, he moved slightly forwards until he placed it in her mouth. She played with the tip with her tongue for a second before he smiled and nodded, letting her know she could get down to business.

With a whimper of pleasure, she closed her lips around the tip, pursed them, and slid them over it and down his shaft. Blood rushed to his cock, filling it and causing it to gain its full rigidity and strength.

He let her slide her lips down his shaft a few more times before he stood her up and kissed her, his lips pushing tightly against hers. Walking over to his desk, he had her pull her gray skirt up and her panties off.
