 "A Saturday of Cheerleader Pleasure Ch. 04" is a continuation of "A Saturday of Cheerleader Pleasure" Chapters 1, 2, and 3. If you have not yet read those stories, I advise doing so before you start to read this story. This is an erotic fantasy. It is a work of fiction. Any characters or events related to real-life people or real-life events is unintentional and entirely coincidental.

*****

It was Saturday. However, this wasn't just an ordinary Saturday. It was my 22nd birthday.

As it turned out, my girlfriend, Becca, had something big planned for me early that morning.

I was sleeping in my bed when she woke me up at just past Midnight.

As I opened my eyes, I immediately noticed that something was different. Everything was black. 

I reached for my face and felt it. 

Becca had wrapped a blindfold around my eyes, blocking my vision entirely. I heard her giggle as I struggled to peek underneath the blindfold that was wrapped tightly around my eyes.

"Becca, what's going on?" I asked. "Why am I..."

"Happy birthday, baby," Becca said. "Do keep that blindfold on for me, please."

"But why am I wearing this..."

"I have a big surprise for you," she replied. "Now come on. It's time for you to get up and get dressed. It's your birthday. And the fun is about to begin."

I climbed out of my bed and started to search for some clothes that I could put on. Suddenly, Becca grabbed my right hand and guided me over to my desk chair.

"Don't worry, I put some clothes on the chair for you," she said.

"Anything sensual?" I asked.

"Nope, just your normal everyday clothes," she stated. "Don't worry, I'll let you know when I'm about to reveal the big... surprise."

I slowly put on the clothes that were resting on the chair. Then I slipped on my tennis shoes.

"All good?" I asked Becca. "I didn't put my shirt on backwards or something weird like that?"

"You're good to go," she replied.

Becca took my left hand and held it. My heart beat rapidly as she led me out of my bedroom, down the stairs, and out of my apartment.

She helped me climb into her car. I slid my seatbelt on as I sat in the passenger seat.

"This is crazy," I told her.

"I know," she said. "But that's what makes this surprise so exciting."

At that moment, Becca started the car and drove off.

I had no idea where we were going or what Becca had in store for me. I just hoped that I would have a great Saturday birthday.

Eventually, we arrived at our destination. Becca opened my door, unbuckled my seatbelt, and helped me climb out of the car.

Becca held my left hand as led me across the parking lot and towards a building. She opened a door and led me into the building.

"We're nearly there," she whispered. "Just two more minutes, and we'll be right at our destination."

I could hear the excitement in her voice as she guided me.

I could tell that we were in some type of hallway. However, I couldn't think of any place that was open or accessible at this hour.

I didn't know what Becca had planned for me, but I hoped that it would be amazing.

She opened a door to the right of me and led me into a room. I could hear heavy breathing around me.

Becca and I were not alone. There were other people in the room. However, I couldn't tell who they were or where we all were.

"Alright, baby, we're here," she announced.

At that moment, Becca stepped behind me, pressed her hands against the back of my head, and removed the blindfold from around my eyes.

I gasped when I saw who surrounded me. 

Twelve sexy college cheerleaders surrounded me. They all had huge smiles on their faces.

Every cheerleader that I filmed from the stands on gamedays was in that locker room.

I immediately noticed that Becca was wearing her cheerleader uniform too.

The cheerleaders on the squad were Amber Goodman, Sheila Jokansky, Trisha Odanick, Holly Raymon, Katie Lorrance, Riley Preston, Kristen Torman, Lauren Bocher, Julie Crawford, Valerie Cranshaw, Nicole Dalemort, and, of course, Emma, Becca's best friend.

We were in the women's locker room of the campus university. The locker door that led out into the hallway had been bolted shut and secured by Becca.

"Why are we here?" I asked Becca.

"Because it's your birthday, silly," she answered. "And I know that this is your ultimate fantasy. So here it is. Your fantasy... come to life."

My heart beat rapidly as I realized what was about to happen. This was really happening. I was about to have amazing sex with thirteen beautiful college cheerleaders.

"We're cheerleaders," Amber declared. "We know how to remain excited while maintaining control and staying disciplined. And we know how to make cute men like you smile." 

"Now let's get these clothes off of you so we can help you relax," Valerie said.

The cheerleaders led me over to a bench and made me sit down on it.

"You just sit back, cutie," Emma said. "Your cheerleaders will do all the work for you."

Amber and Nicole removed my shoes and socks from my feet while Julie removed the tie from around my neck.

Emma unbuckled my belt and removed it from my pants.

Trisha, Katie, Riley, and Holly pressed their fingernails into my red shirt as they ripped the shirt right off of me. Multiple buttons on my shirt flew across the locker room as the sexy cheerleaders removed it from my body.

Valerie unbuttoned and unzipped my black pants. Then Kristen and Lauren grabbed my pants and slowly pulled them off of my legs.

I stared down at my legs, noting that my green boxers were the only piece of clothing that had yet to be removed.

Sheila gathered all of my clothes and tossed them across the locker room.

Then Becca got on her knees. She smiled as she ripped my boxers right off of me and freed my cock.

The cheerleaders smiled as they stared at my naked body, focusing largely on my fully erect cock.

"Wow!" Amber exclaimed. "It really is that big!"

She reached for my cock with her right hand, but Becca slapped her hand away.

"What the hell?" Amber cried.

"Look, I know you all want to play with it, but I don't want you to rush anything," Becca declared. "You'll all get to play with it soon. Now listen. His cock is off limits for the time being. Everything else... is fair game. You got it?"

All of the cheerleaders nodded in agreement.

"Alright, now let's warmup," Becca declared.

The cheerleaders teased me as they gathered around me. Then they kissed, touched, and stimulated every part of my body that wasn't my cock.

I tried to touch my cock, but the cheerleaders refused to let me do so.

Nicole sucked on the fingers on my left hand while Valerie sucked on the fingers on my right hand.

Amber and Sheila licked and kissed my arms, slowly massaging the skin with their mouths.

Trisha sucked on the toes on my left foot while Riley sucked on the toes on my right foot.

Katie and Holly pressed their teeth into my neck and began to bite it. They were determined to leave hickey marks all over my neck.

Lauren and Julie rubbed my back, rubbing their fingers across my spine as they moved their warm fingers up and down.

Kristen nibbled on my ears, moving back and forth as she attempted to seduce me.

I moaned as Emma stroked my thighs. She moved her hands quickly as she rubbed them.

Becca smiled as she placed her tongue and warm lips onto my balls, licking and sucking them as she aroused me.

I gasped as my body reacted to the hotness that was occurring all around me.

At that moment, a small amount of fluid appeared right at the tip of my cock. Becca noticed it too.

She motioned for the cheerleaders to stop kissing and touching me, and they all complied. She pointed to the fluid that was on the tip of my cock.

"I think it's fair to say that he's fully aroused now," Becca declared.

"Oh, very," I answered.

"Oh, my God, I want to taste it," Amber cried. "Let me taste it. It looks so good."

"Ladies, there's nothing that I enjoy more than being aroused by all of you," I confessed.

"And we love arousing you," Emma replied, as she climbed to her feet. "But now it's your turn to arouse us."

At that moment, she lifted her miniskirt up and showed me her light blue cheerleader panties.

Emma slowly pulled her panties down her legs as she exposed her crotch. Then she kicked the panties off of her feet and onto the floor. As usual, she decided to leave her shoes and socks on.

She let out a loud sigh as she sat down on the bench and spread her legs. 

Emma's miniskirt rose up as she showed me her shaven pussy. She patted her pink lips with her fingers as she waited for me to make a move.

I moved towards her. Then I pushed my lips and tongue against Emma's cooch and began to eat her out.

Emma moaned as my upper lip rubbed against her clitoris, gingerly stroking it.

I planted kisses all over Emma's twat as I made it warm and moist.

She moaned as her cooch absorbed my wet kisses.

Then I pushed my tongue past the pink lips of her pussy and entered her.

Emma cried out as I licked the walls of her pleasure center with my tongue.

I moved my warm lips around her pink lips as I flicked my tongue around, increasing the intensity as I attempted to make her cum.

I could feel her pussy getting moist as I satisfied her. At that moment, I decided to push Emma over the edge. I sank my teeth into Emma and bit down on her clitoris.

Emma leaned her head back and screamed as the orgasmic bliss overwhelmed her.

The other cheerleaders watched in awe as I gave Emma a mind-blowing orgasm with my mouth. 

Emma screamed as she climaxed. A stream of cum gushed out of her pussy and directly into my mouth. I moaned as I felt the warm liquid enter my mouth and go down my throat.

After a few seconds, I pulled my tongue out of her and moved my head back. Emma moaned as warm fluid poured out of her. Within seconds, her twat, crotch, and thighs were soaked with her own pussy juice. 

She breathed heavily as she attempted to recover from her orgasm.

As Emma tried to catch her breath, I moved my tongue back and forth, smiling as I licked the cum right off of her thighs and pussy lips.

"That was incredible," Emma exclaimed, as I finished drinking what I helped her create. "Now it's my turn to taste you."

Emma got down on her knees, snatched my boner with her right hand, gripped it tightly, and began to suck. She showed no mercy as she sucked on it, giving my cock the same intense orgasmic massage that I had given her pussy.

I moaned loudly as Emma gave me the best blowjob that her mouth had given to date.

She moved her right hand up and down my shaft as she licked and kissed the head of my cock.

"Let me taste it!" Valerie cried. "Please, Emma! Oh, it looks so good!"

Emma removed my cock from her mouth and handed it off to Valerie. She began to suck on it. 

I breathed heavily as Valerie pushed my cock around the inside of her mouth.

"My turn!" Amber shouted. "Come on, it's my turn!"

Valerie handed my cock over to Amber, and she began to suck on my swollen pink head.

I moaned loudly as the cheerleaders all took turns. They stroked and sucked my fully erect cock as they gave me blowjobs.

As they waited to suck on it, the cheerleaders began to plant kisses all over my face and body.

As Becca pressed her lips against my lips, Holly shoved my cock into her mouth and pushed it down her throat. I moaned as I felt the semen in my cock start to rise.

Becca immediately realized what was about to happen. 

At that moment, she removed my cock from Holly's mouth and held it in both hands.

Becca gripped the head of my cock as she stopped the cum from rising up and out of my cock. She held it in her hands until my non-ejaculatory orgasmic moment had passed.

Once my breathing died down, she released my cock. 

"Very good," she said. "We'll give your cock a break. Don't want you to cum just yet. So who do you want to drink from next?"

Sheila smiled. I motioned to her.

Becca nodded, and I quickly walked over to Sheila. She lay down on her back and pulled her miniskirt up.

"Rip my spankies open," Sheila ordered. 

"What?" I replied.

"I love it when guys tear my clothes apart in order to get to my goodies," she clarified. "Now rip my spankies open. Then you can taste my pie."

With a grin, I grabbed Sheila's briefs and ripped them open from the center. She breathed heavily as I exposed her pussy.

"Enjoy," I said.

Sheila moaned as I placed my mouth against her cooch and began to make out with her pussy lips.

She placed her hands in my hair and played with it as I pressed my mouth against her succulent twat.

It didn't take long for me to make her wet and make her cum.

Sheila let out a loud scream as cum gushed out of her pussy, covering my mouth, her crotch, and her torn cheerleader panties.

"Holy shit!" Amber exclaimed, as she observed us.

"That's not the only thing that he does well," Becca declared.

"So, who's next?" I asked, as I lapped up Sheila's juices from her twat and cum covered panties.

"I'll go next," Nicole volunteered. "But let's move upward, shall we?"

I walked over to her and smiled.

"So how would you like to be pleased tonight?" I asked her.

"I hear that you like touching cheerleaders' boobs," Nicole answered. "With that big cock of yours. Soooo..."

At that moment, Nicole pulled off her top and tossed it into the floor. I gasped as I stared longingly at her double G sized boobs. 

Nicole lowered herself until her boobs were on the same level as my cock.

"So why don't you put that big cock in between these big girls?" she asked.

I immediately obeyed and placed my cock in between Nicole's boobs. She rubbed my hard cock back and forth, breathing heavily as she satisfied me with her amazing rack.

As she stimulated my cock with her boobs, I placed my right hand underneath her cheerleader panties and began to finger fuck her.

I placed my thumb directly against her clitoris as I moved my other fingers against the walls of her tight pussy.

Nicole screamed as she climaxed and squirted into her panties.

She released my cock and fell onto the floor as she became overwhelmed with orgasmic satisfaction.

As Nicole lay on the floor, reacting to the intense orgasm, I grabbed her cum filled panties, yanked them right off of her, and stuffed them into her mouth. She moaned as she swallowed her own pussy juices.

Then I pressed my mouth against Nicole's shaven pussy and began to lick her moist pleasure center.

Nicole screamed through her wet panties as I devoured her drenched pussy with my mouth.

She raised her legs up into the air, shaking them back and forth as she came again.

Suddenly, a pair of light blue briefs hit me in the face. I looked up to see who had tossed the panties at me. 

Lauren raised her left leg up into the air and flashed her pussy at me.

"Still hungry?" she asked.

"Fuck yeah!" I cried.

I pressed my lips against Lauren's pussy and began to kiss her pink lips. She cried out as I made out with her pussy.

As I pressed my mouth against Lauren's cooch, multiple cheerleaders began to remove their cheerleader tops and panties. Then they began to masturbate right over me.

Valerie, determined to get a taste of my dick, got down on her knees, grabbed my cock, and began to suck on it.

I moaned as Valerie sucked on my cock, moving her right hand up and down my shaft as she played with it. Her sucking was so intense that it caused me to kiss Lauren's lips with even more ferocity.

Lauren shrieked as she squirted into my mouth. She fell back against the lockers, gasping for air as she orgasmed.

As Lauren orgasmed, Trisha moved beside my head. She shoved three fingers deep into her pussy and began to finger fuck herself. She moaned loudly as she pleasured herself. 

I stared at Trisha's pussy as she made herself wet. She smiled as she added a fourth finger to her pussy, increasing her arousal and the volume of her fingers smacking against her twat. Her twat smacking was nearly as loud as the orgasmic moans that accompanied it.

At that moment, a stream of cum exploded from Trisha's pussy. She screamed as she came all over my face. I moaned as Trisha sprayed my face with her pussy juices.

She smiled as she rubbed her twat all over my face, allowing me to completely taste the delicious liquid that her succulent pussy had produced.

Suddenly, my cock hit the back of Valerie's throat, and I felt myself start to cum.

Thankfully, Valerie recognized that I was about to orgasm and released my cock from her mouth before I went over the edge.

After I calmed down, I turned my full attention to Trisha. She giggled as I slowly licked the cum off of her soaking wet pussy. 

Once I had collected as much cum as I possibly could, I collapsed onto the floor.

As I rested, Amber jumped on top of me. She pushed her tongue into my mouth and began to make out with me.

She was a very passionate kisser, and I could tell that she had plenty of experience.

After our lips and tongues had separated, Amber leaned forward and whispered something in my left ear.

"Put it inside me," Amber begged. "This cheerleader wants that delicious cock in her tight pussy. And I want every last inch."

Amber climbed off of me and sat down on a locker room bench. She leaned back against the lockers as she waited for me to enter her.

I jumped on top of Amber, angling my naked body over her own. She gasped as I yanked her miniskirt up and exposed her crotch.

Then I rubbed my cock against Amber's clitoris. A few drops of pussy fluid poured out of her lips as I teased and aroused her with my fully erect cock.

Then I slowly inserted my cock into her pussy. She moaned softly as the walls of her pussy gripped my hard cock.

I began to thrust myself back and forth as I fucked her, moving my cock in and out of her pussy.

Amber moaned as I slowly pounded her twat. She grabbed her boobs and played with her nipples as I fucked her.

"Faster," she whispered. "Go faster."

At that moment, I picked up the pace, pushing my cock against the walls of her pussy as I pounded her. I grunted as I increased the pace and intensity of my fucking.

Amber let out several orgasmic cries as she got her wish.

Suddenly, I felt someone tap me on my right shoulder. I spun my head around and stared at Holly.

I stopped my thrusting as I turned to address the sexy young cheerleader.

"What's up?" I asked, emphasizing the pun.

"I was just wondering..."

Holly blushed as she struggled to complete her sentence.

"Go on," I said. "You can tell me. What do you want me to do for you tonight?"

"Well... have you ever fucked a cheerleader while she was in the middle of doing a handstand?" Holly asked.

I grinned at the question. The dumb grin on my face was all it took for Holly to realize what the answer was.

"Yeah, Becca and I do that all the time," I answered.

"Would you be willing to show me how you do that?" she asked.

I turned towards Amber. I was still inside of her, and I didn't want to be rude and make a sudden exit. Thankfully, she smiled back at me.

"Go ahead," Amber said. "This cheerleader ass will still be here when you're done with that one."

I pulled out of Amber and turned my full attention to Holly.

"You ready?" I asked her.

Holly nodded. Then she leaned forward until she was standing on her hands. Her miniskirt flew up as she balanced herself during her handstand. 

I grasped Holly's legs and held onto them as I stared at the briefs that separated me from her big ass and tight pussy.

"Do you want to know something?" I asked her.

"What is it?" Holly replied.

"I love cheerleader panties," I confessed to her. "But I love them even more when I get to access what is underneath them."
