 It's raining in paradise, so I'm in the bar pouring out words rather than soaking up sunshine.

There is something sensual about holiday heat just the two of you together. Or is it helping each other with the sun oil? I do find something very sensual about slick hands on my body. Would an extra hand help?

The early afternoon heat was now getting too much despite the sea breeze, and after soaking up their fill of Spanish sunshine David and Sally gathered their belongings from around the sun-loungers. Perhaps it was time to take to the shade of their room and explore another heat.

Walking back to their room they pass a ground floor apartment with a net curtain partially drawn across. The light breeze tugged the partition, revealing two beautifully tanned Scandinavian or Germanic women at a sun lounger. They were both naked, their skin glistening in the sun. One with longer blonde hair laying eyes-closed on her back, painted toes towards them. The other with a shorter vibrant scarlet cut, her tattooed back to them, oiled her friend's arms and shoulders. Then sliding down to oil her full bronzed breasts. The couple paused. This was interesting. Sally leaned closer into David's warmth.

The scarlet haired woman was definitely giving more than a functional caress. Her squeezing might not be helping apply sun protection but clearly her blonde friend was enjoying it. Large nipples visibly growing with each slippery squeeze, and her thighs parted slightly below a neat triangle on her mons. The blonde hairs moist enough to catch the light, but the obvious pink lips below drawing their attention. Already engorged and obviously moist. They could have already been oiled but it might just have been her arousal? 

Was it Sally's imagination that those full pink petals were opening in front or her? Then realising that the blonde had now parted her legs and placed her feet on either side of the sun longer. Her clearly aroused sex open to Sally's gaze. Brushing her arm across the front of David's shorts she realised just how much he was enjoying their little voyeuristic treat.

As they continued to watch, the red head's hands slid easily down the blonde's stomach to caress the tops of parted thighs. Sliding down towards her knees before running up towards her partner's waiting arousal, reaching the soft tops of her thighs. Both transfixed, Sally felt the warmth of David's hand on her. They watched as the red-head caressed and teased her partner's nether lips, parting them, sliding within them with a finger. Eliciting a shuddering moan as she slid it easily in and out, probing deeper with each penetration. The blonde's wet arousal as clearly audible as hear moaning. Adding a second finger, working faster at her delightfully slippery task. A wet slapping accompany each thrust, rewarded with a gasp from the blonde.

Sally imagined the sensation of the palm slapping her clit and could feel the heat of her own arousal building. She half wanted to join in with the girls, as she knew David must, but didn't want to break the spell. Perhaps she could still watch if she got down on her knees and sucked-off David's obviously hard cock. He would love that. She would love to taste him now. But she didn't want to risk missing even the smallest detail of their 'show' - or break the spell. She was so turned-on. David could do anything with her tonight.

Sally watched the red-head rise up from her seated position and without missing a wet stroke swung her leg over her partner. Her tits glistened alluringly as they swung with her movement, and juddered beautifully as she positioned her shaven sex over her partner's face. Briefly poised. Then sank back down to thrust herself against the blonde's open mouth. At first rubbing herself back and forth urgently. Briefly oblivious to the open cunt she had been so recently fingering. Those wet lips still parted and glistening below her. The view igniting Sally's imagination more that the realisation that David was standing beside her stroking his cock. Normally she loved watching him wank himself off but she was enjoying the girls' slippery sex show too much. She could just reach out and almost touch them...

The red-head's pace had slowed but eyes closed, she still rode her partner's mouth. The sounds from her own told the couple how good that mouth felt on her cunt. Sally recalled the soft hunger of a girlfriend's mouth on her own cunt. That delicious urgency as her tongue slid inside her, probing. A mouth lapping from her anus to her clitoris. She could feel it now. Soft tongue circling her clit. That sensation as it slid up under her the thin fleshy veil and flicked at her clit... She was so fuckin' turned on! Voyeurism is hot but the imagination is hot as fuck!

Watching the redhead part the blonde's engorged pussy lips, displaying her gaping open to them. Then following the back of her head as she dipped down. Tongue already extended she plunged into that pink blossom and gorged herself noisily. From her enthusiasm she obviously loved the oral opportunity, small muffled whimpers an additional reward. 

Raising herself on her elbows the redhead languidly drew her fingers up the slick slit. Pausing. Then penetrating those pink lips sharply with two fingers. The wet slap loud. The blonde's gasp wetly muffled, and covered Sally's own faint exclamation.

The redhead repeated, slap. Then again, slap. Picking up the pace. Slowing. Then curling her fingers upwards before frigging the blond hard and fast. The soundtrack of wet smacks as her palm connected with the apex of her friend's sex.

Sally knew this pleasure only too well. Fingers pounding against her g-spot as her exposed clit endured wet slaps. Fuck, Sally could feel how wet she was.

Slap-slap-slap! Harder and harder.

A rising and guttural sound, wet and muffled. The pinned blonde's pelvis rising to welcome each enthusiastic thrust. 

The hand penetrating her held in position against her, knuckle deep. The movement of the tendons alluding to the powerful caress still being delivered within. Shudders. Creamy fluid running over the red-head's fingers. 

Glistening fingers slurping in a delightfully dirty way as they are withdrawn. Still pressing against the blonds glistening slit. Shifting from side to side, centring of her engorged clit. Rubbing from side to side wetly. Encouraged by more guttural noises. Shuddering pleasure returning.

Sally could feel her own heat and need, and was only too aware of how shallow her breathing had become.

The reward this time a warm stream of fluids squirting towards where David and Sally stood, eyes drawn briefly from the delicious pink font to where it splashed warmly against their legs. They look up.

The red-head is looking at them. She is wearing a mischievous smile.

"Hi there, did yi' enjoy that?" Not a German accent. Scottish.

She continues to smile up at Sally and David. The spell not quite broken, David and Sally reply with broad grins.

"A'm Agatha. This here is Foxaloola..." The blonde Foxaloola has disentangled herself from her scarlet haired partner and smiles a Hi up at the couple.

"Are you just going to watch?" A west country accent. "That would be such a waste! There's no need to be shy," the blonde grins.

David takes Sally's wrist. Does he really think she'll walk away from this? 

"You don't need that on." Absorbed in their smiles Sally hardly notices as two pairs of hands disrobe her. Gently but firmly she finds yourself being laid out on the vacated sun lounger. Warmth greets her back and she draws in the heady scent of coconut mixed with something muskier.

Sally stretches out on the warm fabric of the lounger sheltered from the breeze but not from the sun.

And not from the womens' hands. Their slippery touch caressing her upper arms and shoulders. "Just lay back there an' enjoy hun'."

Sally is not feeling like disobeying, her gaze drifts into the azure above. More than one pair of hands stroking her now, the second pair moving softly from her ankles. Much smaller and softer than David's, moving slowly upwards in smooth measured circles.

Hands touching her in a well lubricated foreplay. But Sally has already embracing her own arousal watching them. Her heat is already pulsing gently with that voyeuristic pleasure. If they only knew just how hot and moist she'd already become. Sally thinks about them touching her down there. How easily they would slide inside her, and feels a fluttering tingle.

Is there really any need for so much slippery sun oil? But it does feel so good, in a delightfully naughty way. Their hands glide across her already glowing skin and she closes her eyes again, sinking into the tactile pleasure.

The caress of Sally's shoulders becomes more forceful as it moves to her breasts. Slippery fingers firmly caress her tits. Lingering, squeezing, drawing up towards her swollen nipples. [OMG] they're hard... and sooo sensitive. Little sparks of pleasure connect with her pelvic heat. Sally realises that she is holding her breath as warm fingers tug on her nipples. Gripping them tightly. An attempt to pull on Sally's pink buds too quickly loses traction and they slip from Agatha's grip. Sally gasps with the release and the sensation that washes through her nipples.

Sally's breathing has become shallow, now aware of hands roaming down the outside of her legs and caressing her hips. Running down the tops of her thighs to her knees as Agatha's hands revel in the lovely softness of her stomach. Agatha smiles down at Sally, only mothers truly appreciate how hard it is to earn those tiger stripes, and how beautiful they truly are.

Just as Agatha returns her attention to Sally's tits, she feels her legs being urged to part by Foxaloola's slippery hands moving up the insides of your calves. Slow but insistent. She acquiesces with no reluctance whatsoever. Wants, needs that contact. Eyes closed, sinking into that rising caress as other hands draw towards the sensitive ache in her nipples again. 

A lingering kiss on your lips. Accented English, "Just say hun' if you want us tae stop..."

The hands pause.

Sally hears the pleading in your own voice, "No, don't stop!"

"No fear of that hun'..." There are giggles as the caresses return. More urgent now. Cupping and squeezing Sally's sensitive tits hard, moving more forcefully up her inner thighs. Sally watches glistening fingers tantalisingly close to the distended pink buds. The sensation mingled with a caressing touch exploring the softness of her inner thighs. So close, so cruel, she so needs that touch. Needful, she wants to scream out, demand her new friend touch her there but this feels exquisite. She doesn't want this sensual tease to stop. She wants to be their plaything, for them to explore her and take her somewhere only they can. 

The sensation in her tits, the caress next to her needful sex. [Please fucking touch me!]

Then sensations running up the petals of her sex! Had her plead been out loud? Fingers massaging her nether lips, opening her. The thrill as they entered her so easily. The fingers being joined by those of another hand. Caressing Sally inside, pushing deeper into her moist and needful heat.

Sally only realising that her tits were being neglected when she felt rather than saw Agatha positioned her own heavy breasts over Sally's face. Sally felt them press against her mouth as the fingers continued to explore her. Agatha's nipple need to force its way into her willing mouth. Sally met it with enthusiasm and she explored the texture with her tongue and teeth. Both drawing them across the tender roughness and encouragement from her new friend. The opportunity to gorge herself on the large tanned bud was only too brief. Sally made the most of suckling onto the large teat and was rewarded with both a sleazy moan and a wet smacking sound as Agatha drew her boobs away.

Sally quickly felt those lovely big boobs slide wetly across her own, warmly across her soft belly, and for the first time received an intimate view of Agatha slick cunt. Glistening pink and open above her. Sally couldn't take here eyes off it as it descended on her. The scent of sex enveloped Sally seconds before she kissed those already swollen lips. Lapping at those large labia before running her tongue up the welcoming slit, and tasting this woman. It had been far too long. Sally thrust her tongue as deep as she could, and was rewarded not just with taste but by Agatha grinding herself against her waiting mouth. Agatha grunted her pleasure, rubbing her splayed self urgently against Sally's mouth, before centring her clit on Sally's attention. Rubbing herself against the outstretched tip of Sally's eager tongue. 

Sally trying to focus on this pink prize, only too aware of two pairs of hands caressing her inner thighs and lips of her aching cunt. Sally needed to feel something inside her again.

Instead she feels a pair of hands slide under her ass, caressing and cupping her bum cheeks. A slippery caress of her buttocks. But its so easy for a finger to slip, isn't it, especially when its slick with oil. That finger-tip nudging her anus finding entry so easily. At the same time she felt a firm touch sliding down across her mons, caressing her now slippery cunt lips before easily sliding inside her from above. Feeling fingers delving inside her from above and below. The urgency of the ones from above matching her own enthusiasm for thrusting her tongue into the replenishing slickness of Agatha's cunt.

Sally feels those fingers exploring her sex joined by the pliable probing of a tongue around the digits. The owner of the finger in her ass was also now licking her cunt. Perhaps watching her partner lick Sally's cunt was too much for Agatha. That cunt grinding down harder and harder against Sally's mouth, until she is rewarded with a shuddering climax and creamy mouthful that is a reward in itself. A taste and texture that just encouraged her to eat more. Sally continues to tease the pulsing hole with her tongue as those shudders softened, savouring this woman's cum.

As Agatha's fingers slowly slide from Sally's sex the tonguing of her cunt becomes more insistent, and her own subdued excitement comes back to the fore with a vengeance. She realises that Agatha is splaying her open from above, allowing Foxaloola to probe her more deeply with that enthusiastic tongue. Feeling that muscle thrust inside her. The breadth of its base more substantial than most cocks, a soft stretch, the tip exploring and caressing Sally in one of the most intimate ways possible. Whilst at the same time Foxaloola's blue eyes plead up at her. [Am I doing it right?] Sally can only respond with a "Yes."

Sally emits a surprised gasp as attention is turned to her clit. The flicking left to right that she's watched earlier driving her from building ache towards release. Sally's pelvis shudders as she loses control and feels her own climax wash through her body. Her fluids splash noisily over Foxaloola's face. Encouraged, the blonde laps even more enthusiastically at Sally's cunt, gorging herself on Sally's juices. 

Slowly the licking turns less urgent, more languid.

As Sally becomes more aware of her surroundings she sees David standing over her stroking his now enormous erection. Full strokes along his rigid shaft. His bulbous head and shaft glistening with his own pre-cum, it looks magnificent. He looks asif he's really enjoying himself wanking over three women! 

Then Sally feels fingers entering her again. Fingers that curl-up to caress the nub of nerve-endings that is her g-spot. Fingers that begin to pump rapidly in and out of her. She feels herself being held down. Sally didn't think she'd ever been finger-fucked as aggressively, and never this hard by a woman. She finds herself beginning to float again. Fuck! She is close already! Sally has no idea how long it takes for Agatha to finger-fuck her to climax but when it comes it is enormous and fills her. 

The world literally disappears.

When Sally opens her eyes again Agatha is stroking her hair and kissing her cheek. Then she sees Foxaloola beckoning from between her thighs towards David. [How has he not come already - or has he been savouring seeing his wife well fucked by these women?] Realising also that she had slid - or been manoeuvred - down the lounger at some point, and her bum now rested on the edge with her thighs splayed open. Sally could feel the heat of her cunt, and knew she wanted more. And amongst that she wants to feel David cum. So when he kneels between the open thighs Sally welcomes him by telling him just where she wants his cock. 

Though on this occasion she can see that Agatha and Foxaloola are lending a helping hand. Delighting in the sensuality of it Sally feels Agatha splay her cunt lips wide as Foxaloola takes David firmly by the shaft and begins sliding the swollen head of his cock up and down Sally's gaping slit. 

Closing her eyes to savour the sensation, Sally then feels a tongue join the cock on her cunt. Looking down to see Agatha lapping at both her and David as Foxaloola wanks David's cock up and down her slit. Sally pushes down and feels David's cock slide easily just inside her, the thickness of his head stretching and pleasuring her entrance. But she gasps as she feels Agatha's tongue descend on her clit. Then alternating between her clit and where David's cock joins her. Was she flicking his glans and her clit with the one stroke???

David can't help himself and he plunges easily into Sally, accompanied by a wet squelch and a gasp from Sally. Agatha and Foxaloola both encourage him fuck Sally harder. Asking Sally how much she is enjoying his cock. Would it be the feel of Sally's now well-used cunt, those smutty encouragements, or their hands on his bum and nipples that makes Davis cum? But he does, his hardness swelling and jerking inside Sally. Squirting wave after wave of his warm creamy spunk inside her. 

When David kneels up Sally can feel his spunk running out of her, but she isn't the only one who notices. Agatha is quickly down between Sally's thighs lapping at the cocktail of their juices running from her cunt. It feels delicious. Does it feel better because she's licking her man's spunk from her cunt? And Sally notes that Foxaloola is at the same time licking David's cock clean.

Perhaps the kiss is a surprise but Sally welcomes the lips that taste of all their sex. The cream coating the tongue forcing its way into her mouth. How could she not want more?

The end? Perhaps there is another day in the sun to come! Deserted beach anyone?