 Please check my profile for ways to get in contact with me and stay updated on what's being written/published. Thank you for reading!

*****

Duncan

That next morning, Duncan awoke to two female voices talking quietly. He looked left and didn't see them, then looked around the room. They were sitting at the foot of the bed, talking quietly.

Kelly was naked, sitting there talking to Danielle and apparently having no qualms about the current state of her clothing. Danielle was wearing a thin t-shirt and a sexy pair of panties. The shirt was nothing special; something she'd probably stolen from her Dad or her ex-boyfriend, but the panties were nice, white cotton and seemed to accentuate the curves of her buttocks. They seemed to be normal enough, he supposed, but panties in general were sexy, especially on this particular young woman. The two women turned when they felt him moving.

"See, he's a mixed bag when it comes to how hard he sleeps," Kelly said. "Sometimes I can wake him up with a blowjob and he won't be coherent until I've already got him hard. Others, I can't even move towards his crotch and he's waking up, telling me no, and trying to go down on me instead."

Danielle listened, a curious smile on her face. She turned and looked at Duncan, a playfulness in her expression. He raised an eyebrow in response and she crossed her eyes, causing him to laugh.

He looked at the clock and groaned. It was getting late, and though he'd like to fool around with the young woman, he'd have to wait as there was just no time at present. Kelly giggled at him, sensing and seeing his chagrin at having to postpone play time.

She stood and then headed for the shower, not bothering to close the door.

Duncan stood and reached for Danielle's hand, pulling her to the bathroom door.

The young blonde glanced down at his cock for a moment, smiling, and then peered around the door frame as Kelly showered. She pulled Duncan up behind her and the two looked in on the gorgeous redhead as she showered and washed away the effects and remnants of last night's playtime.

His frame dwarfed the young woman, but she didn't shy from his affectionate touch. One of his hands slithered down to her stomach, pulling her tight against him, his cock nestling nicely between her buttocks. She giggled and reached back, gently touching his shaft for a moment before she turned back around.

His other hand moved around and up, cupping her small breast and squeezing for a moment. She made no move to stop him, and he began to gently roll a nipple between his fingers. He glanced down, tearing his eyes away from Kelly, and saw a smile on Danielle's face.

"What do you love about watching her?" he asked, his voice a whisper.

Danielle arched back, reaching upwards with an arm and wrapping it backwards around his neck, pulling him down.

"I love how sexy she is," she replied. "I love that the water running off her body only seems to make her even more so."

He smiled and nodded, and then stepped around her. She frowned playfully as he sighed and stepped over to the toilet. The blonde turned and giggled, coming up next to him.

"Morning evacuation?" she asked, smiling and looking down.

He raised an eyebrow and snickered. "Yeah, I have to piss."

She grinned and then playfully reached up, gingerly taking his semi-erect penis into her hand and then reaching down to lift the toilet seat up.

"I've always wanted to try this," she said, looking up at him tentatively. 

He chuckled, returning her look with a shrug. "Be my guest," he said with grin.

She looked back down and aimed him towards the bowl. It was a little weird, but he really had to piss, so he let loose his stream of fluid. She scrunched up her nose for a second, drawing a laugh from him and then proceeded to aim it down into the bowl. Giggling, she moved him around in a big circle and then in a figure eight pattern before he finally stopped. Finally finished, he felt her let him go and then took himself into his own hands.

"You have to get the last little bit, or it stains your underwear," he instructed. 

She giggled, looking down as he ran his fingers up from between his testicles, squeezing the tube upwards and forcing the rest of the urine from it.

She smirked and looked up at him. "I'll try and remember the next time I have to pee," she joked.

Kelly stepped out of the shower then, and Duncan slid in past her. Danielle disappeared to go and take her own shower while they got dressed.

As she put on what little makeup she wore, Kelly turned and glanced at Duncan as he hopped out of the shower.

"Did you enjoy yourself last night?" she asked.

Duncan smiled. "Of course!" he said. "Did you? I saw that you weren't able to control yourself with Zeke."

She giggled and nodded. "He was being so affectionate and sweet the entire night. While we were dancing, he told my how beautiful I was, and how much he loved seeing me demean his wife. He mentioned how lucky he and Amy were to have found us, and that their sex life had been so wonderful lately."

Duncan smiled. "I'm glad you guys finally were able to be together," he admitted. "I've nailed the guy's wife like four or five times now, it's only fair that he have a throw with mine."

She rolled her eyes at his crudeness, drawing a playful chuckle from him.

"During the dance, he was fingering me from behind," she admitted. Duncan looked at her curiously.

"He put it in your butt?" he asked.

She giggled and shook her head. "No, you big doofus," she said. "He grabbed my ass, pushed his fingers underneath and into my pussy from behind. It was easier to move around and still dance, though I'm sure anyone behind me would know what he was doing, and probably could see everything."

Duncan nodded in understanding. "I see," he said. "Did he just start going down on you out of the blue when we were driving?"

She nodded. "I mean... he was kissing my neck and playing with my breasts, telling me how gorgeous and perfect his Mistress was, then he just kind of pushed me back, lifted my hips up, and buried his face in me." 

She shivered, closing her eyes as she thought back to the incident.

"I came really, really hard," she admitted, grinning over at him. She pulled out another stick of something and began to apply it.

"It seemed like it," he admitted. "It's fun to watch you have sex. It's like I can see myself in place of the guy you're with, kinda like watching a porno of my wife."

She giggled. "Well, if you consider that photo shoot video with Luc porn, then you can just watch that one."

He grinned, thinking back to the handsome Frenchman that had been so innocently intimate with his wife. He'd been turned on the entire time and had ended up taking her in the parking lot. It was a favorite memory of his to recall when he was driving home alone.

There was movement at the door, and the two turned to see Danielle. She was wearing a towel around her body and smiled as she leaned against the door frame.

"What's up?" Kelly asked, not stopping her makeup routine.

"So, I know that you guys said Amy can't wear panties when she's playing," Danielle started.

"Right," Kelly nodded.

"Well, I wanted to know what the rules were for me since I'm living with you and will basically be playing with you guys all the time," she said, then showed a look of chagrin. "I mean, I'll be able to be played with when you want to..."

Duncan chuckled. "We know what you mean, sweetheart."

Kelly turned and looked at Danielle and then Duncan. "What do you think, baby?" she asked. "Do we institute a rule that she can't wear panties at all?"

Duncan thought quietly for a few seconds, and then smiled. "I think that it'd be more fair to say that the general rule is no panties unless she has to, you know? I'm sure there are times that she'll need to wear them."

Kelly nodded. "Subject to change, of course," she said.

Turning, Duncan offered Danielle a wink as she stood there for a few more seconds and then turned to leave.

"So what did you and Amy and Danielle get up to on the dance floor?" Kelly asked.

Duncan smiled. "Amy was a little handsy, and Danielle asked me if I was going to take her home and fuck her."

Kelly raised an eyebrow and turned to glance him. "She said fuck?"

Duncan smiled and nodded. "She did." He chuckled. "I know... it surprised me too."

Kelly shrugged. "Well, I guess I expected her to say something like, "make love" for her first time."

"I told her that her first time should be special," he said, heading into the bedroom to get dressed.

"Oh," Kelly said, turning and peeking out from the bathroom at him, "about this weekend..."

He turned, pulling on his pair of boxers and waiting for her to finish her statement.

"I booked us a room so we don't have to stay at my parent's house," she said.

He nodded. "I'm fine with either," he said.

She scowled and shook her head. "I really don't want to hear my mother's bitching," she said. "What I'm more concerned with is who we take with us, you know?"

Duncan smiled. "Maybe we just go with just us two," he replied.

She frowned and then shook her head, drawing a chuckle from him. Walking back into the bathroom, she moved to finish putting her makeup on. A few minutes later, she emerged and got dressed.

"Not that I wouldn't relish some time alone with you, my love, but why not take someone fun with us that we can do terrible things to? We can ask Amy and Zeke to go, or we can see if Danielle wants to go, or even Kara," she said.

He nodded. "With Kara being so needy this week, maybe she'll benefit from the extra time with us?"

Kelly nodded. "I'll go to lunch with her and Danielle, and we'll call Amy."

Duncan nodded. "I'll leave it in your capable hands." He stepped over to where she was pulling on her clothes and pulled her up for a kiss.

"Love you," he said, glancing at his watch.

"Love you," she replied. She looked up as Danielle came back in, completely dressed

Duncan turned and smiled, pulling Danielle in close for a hug. "Hope you girls have a good day," he said. "I'll see you this evening."

"Bye," Danielle said sweetly, then yelped when he spanked her playfully on the ass as he walked past.

"Bye baby," Kelly called.

He got to work a little early, and Kara seemed to be running a little behind, so he went to his office and got busy. The day proved to be busy, and when she did finally arrive, they was no time for them to fool around, though she clearly wanted to.

He sighed. It was going to be a long day.

*****

Kelly

Danielle, Kelly, and Kara were all sitting in a small cafe for lunch and talking about the coming weekend.

"I'd love to go," Kara said. "I think it'll do some good to get away from everything," she said.

"I need to call Amy and see if she and Zeke want to go," Kelly said. She picked up her phone and shot off a text to Amy, asking if she had time to talk. Her phone rang a few seconds later.

"Hey there," Amy said.

"It's not a bad time, is it?" Kelly asked.

"Nah," she replied. "We're at lunch. What's up?"

Kelly explained what was going on and then asked if she and Zeke would be up for a fun weekend.

"Danielle and Kara are both going," Kelly said. "We've got a hotel room and I've already upgraded us to one with two beds."

"That sounds like a super-fun trip," Amy replied. "Aren't you forgetting something though?"

Kelly thought for a moment, wondering if there was something Amy had said they would have to do that weekend that Kelly had forgotten.

"You can just order us to go, you know," Amy said.

Kelly snickered. "This is more than just making you get on your knees though," she said. "I didn't know if you guys had to work or what."

Amy laughed on the other end of the phone. "I know, I'm playing," she explained. "I appreciate you checking to see if we're free."

Kelly snickered. "So that's a yes?" she asked.

"Unfortunately, we won't be able to. Zeke's got family coming in town to visit," she said.

"Well, shoot," Kelly said. "I'm sorry to hear that."

Amy laughed. "We actually like them, so it's a good thing."

Kelly laughed and then explained that she had meant that she was sad they wouldn't get to fool around that weekend. Amy said she understood. Firing off a text to Duncan, she told him that only Kara and Danielle would be joining them and was their expected departure time was.

"Isn't it rude to come to a wedding uninvited?" Danielle asked. "Who's getting married, by the way?"

Kelly snickered. "It's my only cousin," she said. "He won't give a damn if we bring extra. I've never met his fiancé, but I hear she's sweet."

Finishing up lunch, they headed back to their respective offices to finish up there, and then headed home, all of them meeting at Duncan and Kelly's.

They loaded all of the luggage in the back of Duncan's truck, and then got everyone in. Kelly and Kara sat in the back, and Danielle sat in the front with Duncan.

In the back seat, the two friends were quickly lost in conversation.

"He said you seemed down," Kelly said. 

Kara nodded. "I promise to talk to you guys, but it's just not the right time right now. It's really not a big deal," she said. "I'm just being needy."

Kelly kissed her, brushing a hair from her face. "I'm always available if it's a need I can take care of," she said with a sly smile.

Kara snickered and kissed her back. "Don't get me started in the car or we'll never get there," she warned playfully.

The trip to San Antonio took only a few hours and it was surprisingly uneventful. Kelly figured everyone was saving up for a fun evening. The girls conversed about everything under the sun, and Duncan drove, only half listening.

They arrived at the hotel and checked in. Kelly had upgraded their room to the largest the hotel offered, with two king-size beds. After finishing up at the front desk, the four went upstairs and got situated.

"There's a rehearsal dinner tonight," Kelly said, after calling and speaking with her cousin, Stephen. "He said that we were all more than welcome to come and join the fun. He told me that my mom and my Aunt Rose were in rare form and it probably was going to be a not-so-fun evening. He said not to worry about coming to the rehearsal dinner and that he would see us tomorrow at the wedding."

Duncan smiled and pulled her in close for a hug and a kiss. "I'm sure we can find something to do."

She grinned.

The four of them took the elevator to their floor and found their room. It was large, had two queen-size beds, and would easily accommodate the four of them. They relaxed a little while, before Duncan announced that he needed a shower.

"Danielle," Kelly said. "Go help my husband."

Danielle grinned and said, "Yes, Ma'am."

Duncan chuckled and shook his head.

Turning, Kelly looked over at Kara as she lay back on her own bed. Standing, she slid over and lay down next to the younger redhead.

"I know what's bothering you," Kelly said.

Kara turned and looked at her, surprised. "You do?" she said, surprised.

Kelly nodded. "I do. You're thinking that you and I might actually be sisters. Either one of us was adopted, or one of our mother's stole us from the hospital."

Kara burst out laughing.

"Besides you fucking your sister's husband, you actually fucked your sister," Kelly said crudely, causing Kara to laugh louder.

Kelly snickered, glad that she could bring a smile to her face. Kara stopped laughing and reached over to pull Kelly closer.

"You aren't my sister," Kara said. "Even if you were, I don't think it would matter."

Kelly snickered. "Gross, Kara," she said in playfully monotone voice.

Kara sighed, mirth still on her face.

"Come on," Kelly said. "Let's get naked and get into bed and talk."

Smiling, Kara looked at her pointedly for a moment before grinning and standing up to undress.

A minute later, the two women were nude, giggling, and under the sheets. As she pulled her close, Kelly briefly kissed the other woman. Laying back, she propped her head up on her hand and began to idly caress Kara's soft, pale skin while she lay on her back.

"Just tell me what's going on," Kelly whispered, briefly leaning forwards and kissing the side of Kara's breast.

Another minute passed before Kara finally turned and looked at Kelly. "I think I should probably stop having sex with you and Duncan after this trip."

Frowning, Kelly took a strand of red hair and began to play with it. She felt Kara pulling gently at her nipple rings.

"Why on Earth would you want to stop?" Kelly asked.

Sighing, Kara looked at her and frowned. "I'm afraid to tell you," she confided.

Kelly smiled genuinely at her and leaned in, kissing her softly. "Sweetheart," she said. "Of our whole group of friends, I would rather be with you, and I know Duncan feels the same. I'm pretty confident that he's been with you more than any other girl, other than me of course. I doubt that's just because you are convenient either."

Kara sighed again. "That's not helping," she admitted.

"Just tell me the problem," Kelly replied.

Seeing that she was going to have to talk to her, Kara finally turned over and pushed Kelly onto her back, one leg sliding between Kelly's.

"I'm...," she started to say, clearly hesitant about admitting something. "I think I'm falling in love with you and Duncan," she said.

Kelly was actually surprised by that, and didn't quite know what to say.

"See?" Kara said, turning over. "I didn't want to say anything and now you're weirded out."

"No," Kelly said. "Turn over and come here," she whispered. "You just surprised me."

Kara, a tear in her eye, turned over and slid down on top of Kelly again.

"I know that you know that Duncan and I are never leaving each other," Kelly said, "So I know you aren't trying to steal my husband from me."

Kara smirked at the obvious statement.

"And, I know that Duncan deeply cares about you," Kelly said. "He's said several times how he's worried about you, and how he's noticed that you've wanted to make love at work more than normal."

Kara nodded again.

"Plus, we've been fooling around with each other," Kelly said. "For women, I'm sure you're very aware that having real sex is linked with being in love. I'm assuming you separate making love and fucking, of course."

Kara nodded. "I fuck men I don't care about," she replied. Kelly covered a laugh. "Well, that sounded coarser than I meant. I don't just go around fucking random men."

Kelly giggled, but assured her that she understood.

"It's just... I found myself thinking about you two. My parents are always asking me if I found a nice guy, and I kept thinking... "Yeah... I have," you know?" She frowned, frustration clear on her face and in her body language. "Of course, I had to choose the two people that are already married."

"So what's wrong with that?" Kelly asked. "No one ever said that it was a rule that you had to live a traditional life, and whatnot."

Kara raised an eyebrow and sat back.

Blushing a little, Kelly looked down at Kara's neck and played with her hair faster. "All I'm saying is that maybe you aren't the only one that's been having feelings like that."

Kara smiled then, genuinely.

"I'm not saying I love you," Kelly said, "But I definitely care about you more than... my mother would like." She grinned then and looked up.

Kara was smiling as she leaned in and kissed Kelly for real, two pairs of warm, soft lips embracing and caressing the other.

"We'll talk more," Kelly said. She looked towards the bathroom and the sounds of water running, Duncan talking, and Danielle giggling, and then looked back at Kara. "Would it be rude of us to go down on each other without inviting them?" she asked.

Kara thought playfully for a second before saying, "Fuck it!" and spinning around in the bed. She quickly pulled Kelly to her, and buried her face between her legs as she lay on her side, while Kelly did the same thing.
