 Chapter 18

Duncan

His phone buzzed a few times while he was on the phone with a client. Picking it up, he smirked when he saw it was a text from Marie. Knowing better than to look at it while he was trying to concentrate on a conversation with a customer, he finished the call and proceeded to unlock the phone and look at the messages that she'd been sending.

Smirking, he shook his head as he saw the first one. Kelly was between a pair of women's legs, her eyes closed and her lips locked against the pussy in front of her. Duncan assumed that it was Marie's, and his assumption was proven correct when he read the accompanying text.

"Your wife was a naughty little slut today," it said. "Here she is apologizing for stealing Danielle away from me. I made her do a few more sluttier things too."

Duncan smiled to himself and shook his head in mock dismay. He thumbed to the next message and smiled. Mr. Deekins, Marie's boss, was sitting in Marie's chair. The perspective was from a few feet away, looking down as his wife was on all fours, her lips around Deekins' cock, her eyes covered by a blindfold.

"She didn't even know who she was sucking off. I told her to and she just did it," Marie texted after the picture. "Your wife has the makings of a very good submissive!"

The next photo got him very erect. She had her skirt pulled up over her ass, and Mr. Sellers, Kelly's boss, was behind her, his cock obviously in her pussy, her face still buried in Deekins' lap.

"I guess you could say that I forced your wife to be a tramp," Marie sent. "We're probably going to just fuck her all day and send her back to you exhausted."

Duncan smirked.

The final picture had the two men switched, Deekins was behind her and Sellers in her mouth. "If you need to come punish me for treating your wife like a slut, you know where to find me," Marie sent in the final text, with a little begging emoticon.

Deciding that he was going to do just that, he stood and grabbed his keys. Stepping out of his office, he glanced over at Kara. She smiled and saw he was about to head out.

"You've got a meeting in 30 minutes," she said.

"Shit," he swore. He'd forgotten.

"Need me to go do something?" she asked, standing and putting a hand affectionately on his arm.

He smirked and shook his head. "Not unless you can go fuck Marie for me." He reached into his pocket and handed her his phone.

Kara spent a minute giggling and looking through Marie's texts. "That naughty little tramp," she said, turning. "Need me to suck you off, Mr. Thomas?" she asked.

He smirked and ran a hand from her cheek to the back of her head, pulling her in close and kissing her. She smiled and melted against him, her hand straying to his crotch and deftly sliding inside. He groaned as her slightly cold hand encircled him.

"Come on," she said, turning and leading him back to his office, her hand sliding up and to the edge of his pants and pulling him along behind her.

She smiled and pulled him around, pushing him down into his couch as she started to get down on her knees. He shook his head and reached for her, his hands pulling her to him. Smiling down at him, she slid her knees down into the couch on either side of his hips, her skirt pulling up over her hips as she did so.

Leaning in to kiss him, she fumbled briefly with his pants, unbuttoning and unzipping them. As she freed his cock, he gently pulled her panties aside and pulled her roughly to him. Her mouth dropped open for a moment as he pushed against her lips.

Lifting slightly, she took three fingers and ran them across her tongue and then down, to the tip of his cock. Then, trying again, she slid down as he pulled, but this time slid down onto him with a low rumble of approval.

She leaned into him then, her hips sliding back and forth on top of his, her movements sliding his cock slowly in and out of her. Sitting back a bit, she looked at him and then leaned in, her lips finding his before gently laying her head on his shoulder and enjoying his thrusts. After a few minutes of slow, gentle fucking, she sat back and stared directly at him.

"I love... fucking you," she whispered.

He smiled and pulled her close again, lifting the back of her skirt with one hand and pulling against her. "I love fucking you too," he replied.

Feeling his orgasm cresting, he pulled her into a kiss again as she started to breathe faster and whimper more. Groaning, she whispered, "Yes," several times and started to thrust harder against his crotch, his cock sliding deeply into her as he started to cum himself.

"Oh... fuck..." she groaned. "Yes! Cum inside me," she begged. Yelps and groans filled the office as they clutched at each other, their orgasms driving the other person higher.

Finally, they settled down into each other, kissing and being affectionate, but his gunk started to ooze out of her pretty quickly and she quickly went to the restroom to address the issue.

Smiling at her as she came back and reached for some tissue, he let her clean him up and put him away before pulling her down for another make-out session, this one much shorter.

Sighing happily, she kissed him softly on the lips again before sitting back. He found himself staring deeply into her piercingly blue eyes.

"You're very important to me," he whispered. "I hope you know that. Please tell me if there's anything you need."

She smiled, closing her eyes and leaning forward until her forehead was pressed gently against his. "Just more of this," she said finally as he kissed her on the tip of her nose.

Sighing, she leaned back, hearing her phone ringing at her desk. Standing quickly bending back down, she kissed him a final time before standing and heading back to her desk.

After his meeting, he couldn't get Marie's actions out of his head. Maybe he should go over there and reclaim his wife and put Marie in her place. He chuckled, knowing that they had just been playing with him and weren't actually trying to cuckold him.

He spent the rest of the day working and headed home a little early, surprised to see Kelly already there. Wondering just what she was getting up to, but not really being concerned about it, he went in and found her in the kitchen, making supper with Danielle.

"Hi baby!" she said, smiling and coming over. She came up to him quickly and jumped into his arms with a giggle.

"Oof," he said, catching her easily and kissing her. She smiled and pressed her lips to his as he pulled her close for a hug.

"I had such fun today," she said, smiling.

He smirked and set her down. "I know, I saw," he said, raising an eyebrow. "Little slut," he added, grinning.

She frowned playfully and looked up at him, lowering her head slightly. "Are you mad at me?" she asked, unable to contain her laughter and smiling.

He shook his head and lifted her up again. She squeaked in surprise as he pulled her up and hugged her again, then kissed her deeply.

"Nope," he said. "But I am gonna handle something real quick," he said. Turning, he looked at Danielle. "We'll be right back. You can finish this?"

Danielle giggled and nodded, waving playfully.

Kelly squealed then, playfully trying to get free as he carried her to the living room and yanked off the clothes she'd worn that day.

She yelped in surprise and giggled, covering herself up for a moment. "Someone is fired up!" she said, smiling.

He didn't say anything, just pushed her to her knees and pulled out his cock, already semi-hard at seeing his tantalizing wife and their live in sex-slave.

She smirked, raising an eyebrow and folding her arms as he stood there for a second, undressing. "I don't know what you think I'm gonna do to that," she said.

He chuckled as he finally shucked off his underwear, standing naked in front of her. Reaching down with one hand, he put it behind her head and pulled her smirking mouth forward. Reaching down with the other hand, he gripped his shaft and pushed it against her lips. She playfully fought back for a few moments before she happily took his cock in her mouth, her lips being forced wide as he pulled hard on her head.

She whimpered in surprise at how forceful he was being and reached up to gently cradle and play with his balls. He pushed hard, sliding all the way into her mouth and then further, forcing down into her throat. She gagged for a moment and then suppressed it, whimpering as he pulled out and repeated the maneuver a few times. Pulling out a final time, he smirked as he saw a long line of saliva hanging from the tip of his cock back to her lips. She slurped it back in as she leaned forward to take the tip of his cock in her mouth again.

Satisfied that he was more than erect enough, he spun her around and pushed her down into doggy-style. With no foreplay, he slid down to his own knees and rubbed the tip of his cock against her slit before sliding it in. His hands gripped her hips roughly, pulling slowly but forcefully on them as she groaned lowly, her head dropping. Her pussy wasn't nearly as wet as it need to be for intercourse though, and he went slowly as she adjusted to him.

Finally, he started to slide easier and easier into her, and he began to pick up speed. His cock slid deeply into his wife's tight little pussy that had been so freshly fucked that morning by two other men.

"Dirty little slut," he said, reaching down and yanking on her hair for a moment with one hand before dropping both back down to her hip with the other one.

She yelped, moaned, and then giggled as he began to hammer into her from behind, her thighs jiggling from the impacts. His hands were contorting the curvaceous hips roughly as he slammed into her, grunting each time.

"Fuck," she said. "Fuck, baby," she whimpered as he slammed into her.

He felt her pussy start to convulse down on his shaft as he pounded again and again, so he decided to maintain his speed and strength for then. She whimpered, her pussy contracting down on him hard as her head fell forward, her hair falling down and shaking in waves with the impacts.

"Fuck...fuck... fuck...," she said, over and over, whimpering as he hammered into her, forcing an orgasm from her.

Finally, she fell forward as he released her, laying on the ground and suffering aftershocks from her orgasm. She giggled every few seconds, a curious smile on her face.

Standing, he walked to the laundry room and grabbed a dirty towel to wipe his crotch off with, then went back to the kitchen.

Kelly was just then walking back in, giggling still as she came up and kissed him, his erection still poking her in the stomach.

"Reclaiming what's yours?" she asked, looking up at him.

He grinned and nodded.

"It was yours all day baby," she said. "They were just playing with it for a little bit," she said, grinning. "And don't worry, I brushed my teeth and washed my mouth out after swallowing all that cum," she said, winking as he smirked and reached down to tickle her. She cackled briefly and spun away, heading for the stove and Danielle.

"And here I was going to make Danielle suck your dick while I finished supper," she said.

"Oh, well," he said, sliding up on the counter, still naked. "By all means," he said, grinning.

Danielle, a wide smile on her face, turned and immediately went over to him, her face lowering immediately to his crotch and her lips sliding over the crown of his cock. He groaned as the eighteen year old began to slide her lips up and down his shaft, a wet, slurping noise filling the kitchen.

"She's getting pretty good at that," he said, smiling and then groaning in pleasure. "Shit," he said, placing a single hand on the back of her blonde head as it bobbed up and down, seemingly undisturbed by his action.

Kelly giggled and checked the food on the stove briefly before coming over and sliding Danielle's shorts off from behind her, followed quickly by her panties. She lifted her legs obediently and let Kelly remove her clothes without a word, and without slowing down her lips sliding down his shaft.

Briefly sliding a finger down between Danielle's legs, Kelly winked and spun away after licking her finger as Duncan watched. Then, she went back to the stove and kept an eye on dinner while her husband and their sex-toy kept playing.

"I was just thinking today about making sure my man knew that I loved him more than anything," she said. "I wanted him to remember that he's still the best lover I've had, and the only one I ever truly need."

He smiled, an expression of complete happiness on his face as Danielle slurped noisily at his cock, her lips tightening as they slid up and down his shaft. "I know you do, love," he said. "You just got me all turned on."

She giggled. "Slut," Kelly said. Danielle turned and lowered her head, falling to her knees. 

"Yes Mistress?" she said, not looking up.

Kelly smiled, winking at Duncan.

"You're going to be my husband's personal sex slave tonight," she said.

"But, I'm his sex slave every night," Danielle pointed out, causing the three of them to laugh a second later.

"Stop making me laugh!" Kelly admonished, one hand on her hip and glaring playfully.

"Sorry Mistress," Danielle said, still giggling.

"You're going to suck his cock all through dinner and then he's going to get to fuck you as much as he wants." Kelly finished

"Thank you Mistress," Danielle said, turning and heading back to the counter.

A few minutes of energetic sucking at the counter and she had Duncan ready to blow. He pushed her off for a second and fought back the orgasm as she pouted playfully at him and pushed her head against his hand, trying to get her lips back around his cock.

Kelly had set the table in the meantime and everything was ready. Duncan looked over, seeing only two place settings.

"Sit," Kelly said, smiling. "Slut, get your mouth back on his cock. If he cums, keep sucking until he's hard again."

Duncan grinned widely at his wife. She seemed to really want him to enjoy himself tonight. He figured she might feel a little guilty about her fun today, and smirked. Sliding off the counter, he grabbed Danielle by the back of her head and dragged her with him as she squealed in surprise and stumbled to keep up.

Walking with his captive over to the kitchen table, he slid down into his seat as he let go of her head. She giggled and slid into his lap for a moment, kissing his neck as he wrapped his arm around her to squeeze in a hug. Sitting back, she smiled and looked at him with her big, blue eyes, sparkling with happiness.

She was slowly stroking his cock for a moment as she smiled at him, then slid to the floor under the table. It was a little cramped for her, but he saw that she had made herself room and was working her head toward his cock. He moved up and did what he could so that she could reach his cock, then smiled as he felt her warm lips encircle it. It took a minute or two, but he felt her work into a rhythm underneath the table.

In the meantime, Kelly had joined them at the table, smiling as she started to eat. Duncan chuckled and shook his head at her as he did the same, the gentle noises of Danielle sucking on his cock wafting from beneath the table.

"So what initiated this morning?" Duncan asked.

Kelly giggled. "Marie was a little... peevish about something," she said. "She wasn't mad, she was just kind of irritated that Danielle wasn't her little sex slave anymore."

Danielle giggled from underneath the table.

Duncan smirked and rolled his eyes as Kelly smiled at him.

"I told her that it just sort of happened and that Danielle had chosen us," she said. "We didn't try to steal her. Then, I started thinking about all the dirty things we'd done with Danielle and it got me all turned on and horny, so I started getting all sexy with Marie. As I was going down on her, someone had come in the office and was watching the two of us."

Duncan grinned widely, Danielle sliding his cock inside her mouth in long strokes, desperately trying to make him cum.

"Marie, that cunt," Kelly added, "blindfolded me at some point; I think before they came in. She had one of them come around and take her place after I made her orgasm. I only knew they were in the room when she made me start sucking one of them off."

Duncan groaned, picturing his wife on her knees, a cock in her mouth and one boss behind her, hammering away.

"She had the other one come up behind me and start fucking me, without even asking permission," she said, smiling and continuing to eat.

Duncan grunted, feeling his orgasm reach its peak. "Ungh," he grunted, feeling it burst into Danielle's mouth as she whimpered in brief surprise and then swallow with an audible gulp. He sprayed again and again into her mouth, the blonde minx whimpering and swallowing underneath the table. Finally, he grunted and steadied himself on the table as she started the process of cleaning him up. He expected her to take a seat next to them after she was done, but then he remembered what Kelly had told her.

He chuckled as he felt her lips on the tip of his cock again. It was sensitive, so he had to force himself not to jerk or push her away until he was able to stand it. She snickered and stroke-sucked his waning shaft back into full strength over the next couple of minutes.

As dinner ended, he stood and pulled Danielle out from underneath the table. She smiled and turned, leading him to the living room, stopping only to grab Kelly's hand and pull her along with them.

Smiling, she sat Kelly down in the seat and pushed her legs apart, smiling as Duncan knelt down behind her.

"Such a good sex slave," Kelly said, smiling first at Duncan and then down at Danielle. "Fuck her baby," she said lewdly.

He smiled, sliding his cock across her slit as she moaned in front of him, his strong hands contorting the flesh her pale hips and sliding her ass cheeks apart, opening her up slightly as she whimpered in front of him.

She hadn't stopped pleasuring Kelly though, and had two fingers of her left hand, palm down, inside Kelly, gently thrusting, while the other was pulling back on her thatch of pubic hair, exposing her clitoris so Danielle could gently stroke it with her tongue.

Duncan started slowly so he didn't make it more difficult for Danielle to pleasure his wife. Pulling her cheeks apart again, he pushed gently forward, the bulbous head of his cock sliding into the succulent young pussy in front of him, causing her to moan lowly while she pleasured Kelly.

He watched as his cock, seeming much larger due to the size of the small, pale woman that he was inside, pulled against her flesh. It took only a single agonizingly slow stroke for his shaft to be lubricated by the tight pussy, turned on as Danielle was, and the two groaned in pleasure as he reached the limit of how far he could enter her.

He slid slowly out, smiling as he watched his cock being coated by her sex. She whimpered as he began to thrust back in, his cock contorting her pussy as it forced her flesh out of the way, fingers of pleasure rocketing through them both.

Gently, he started to thrust into her and then retract, building a torturously slow rhythm up that seemed to quickly get her primed for an orgasm. Her whimpering was low and steady as she reached back with both arms.

Sensing what she was wanting to try, he grabbed them both and pulled, careful not to pull her face away from his wife's pussy. He smiled as Kelly pulled on Danielle's head, pulling her lips and tongue fully on to and in to her pussy.

Moans were coming from his wife, who was watching him for a few seconds and then switching back to looking at Danielle, and then repeating the process. Her red hair was spilling down over her shoulders sexily, covering her breasts as Danielle continued to lick noisily.

Duncan pulled her arms until he had them tight, then pulled against them every time he slid into her. She groaned gutturally as he felt her pussy start to contract down on him, her grunts of pleasure punctuated by whimpers and the sounds of her tongue rubbing upward against his wife's pussy lips and her clit.
