 Hello my friends! I just want to give a quick update about this particular story. In order for it to line up correctly with another of my works, My Sister Made Me, there has to be a small time jump. The entirety of Lucky Man has taken place over the course of several months, from February to about mid-April if my quick math is accurate. Regardless, I didn't really count all the weeks, but I do know that it hasn't been nearly as long as it seems.

Note that Chapter 19 of Lucky Man will line up at the same time frame as My Sister Made Me Ch. 08.

It will be September in the story when we pick it up again. I'm going to come up with some reasons for things to have stagnated with the group so that we can pick it back up and not have missed any action. I've got interesting plans for both stories, so I hope you all stick with me.

A final note for you guys. I know that some folks don't like that Duncan seems to be like... catnip for ladies. I've known only one guy in my life that was actually like him, so I know they exist. I'm as straight as can be, and he was the coolest guy I've ever been around. He was handsome, well-spoken and articulate, easy to talk to, well built, and tall; the bastard. The ladies absolutely adored him, and whenever we went out, I was the side kick and he was the one that they all paid attention to. Still, he never hesitated to include me in the conversation. He was also well equipped in the dick department. In fact, some of the stories about Duncan come directly from my friend. The scene where Mark and Drake are talking about Duncan walking up the table and just thwapping his dick down on it with a crowd of people there, actually happened. My pal was down to his boxers and just... THUD.

Anyway, the point of all this is to just say that, I want my readers to enjoy the story. I want you to be in the shoes of someone that has all those qualities that make them fun to read about. I realize that him being able to basically nail every woman that he comes across and have them be super into him and want to have sex all the time is far-fetched, but this is fantasy. 

Contact me with questions!

Thanks!

-M



Lucky Man

Chapter 19

Duncan

Duncan yawned, stretching his muscles and reaching over to pull his wife close to him. She mumbled something in her sleep, and he smiled, hearing something about squirrels and shook his head. He pulled her up against his torso and nestled his half erection between her legs. She mumbled something about "not the pickles," and then started snoring.

He loved catching her in her sleep especially when she was babbling. He found it adorable, but she always denied it; that and snoring. He was half tempted to record her on his phone but knew that she would probably kill him. It was a rare thing for him to catch her in her sleep, especially since Danielle was still living with them. The nubile nineteen year old was still a constant sexual force in their lives, and she had been known to wake the two of them up with her mouth on numerous occasions. That hadn't changed, but some other things had. He sighed, laying there in the dim light of morning and thought about their other friends.

It had been several months since the last time they had truly partied at The Mess Around. Something had always seemed to come up for the small group of friends and lovers, and they didn't get together as much as they wanted to. In fact, the last fantasy that they had fulfilled was Dana's at the party with all of Danielle's friends in attendance.

The parties were still scheduled, but the last weekend that Duncan and Kelly had attended had been three weeks ago, and only Dana, Drake, Molly, Ed, and Marie were there. Summer was just a poor time to try and get together, what with people going on vacation and visiting relatives. It also seemed like some of them were also ready to just take a break from the constant sex, though that never seemed to be a problem with Duncan and Kelly.

Rachel had gone home to Dallas for the whole summer. She'd elected to skip summer classes and wanted to take it easy, so she spent the summer at home with her folks, relaxing. She'd recently texted everyone that she would be back in time for the upcoming September Bash planned at the The Mess Around. 

Becky and Mark had taken at least one vacation to the Bahamas but had mostly been spending time alone with each other; and even though he kept hinting at doing it, he hadn't given her a ring. She didn't seem to have any clue about him wanting to ask her, despite him talking to the other guys about it. Apparently, he had purchased one, but wasn't showing anyone. Duncan had done his best not to talk about it, and so far, he didn't think any of the girls knew. The two said that they were still happy to fool around and share each other with the group, but more often than not, they were having a night to themselves when the Saturday party was scheduled.

Ed had taken his wife to Europe for several weeks during the summer, and they had just gotten back not too long ago. Marie had been gushing to Kelly about how wonderful it had been, and she and Duncan just had to plan a trip. They had actually had a few evenings alone with the Sandersons and had enjoyed swapping with them in a much more private setting than before. Still, it hadn't been anything like the Saturday parties.

Kara, and Kimber were both still working two jobs; Kara at Double D's and at Duncan's office, and Kimber at a different bar called The Stumble Inn and also at Double D's. They had both taken vacations back home to visit family of course, but mostly they just worked.

Kara was still single and didn't seem to mind that in the least. They still continued to fool around at work, and he began to notice that she didn't ever seem to want to have sex with any other men other than him. He'd asked her about it, and she shrugged and said that she wasn't opposed to it, she just liked the way he made her feel. Something told him that there was more to it than that. She was more than happy to have oral sex with other guys and had on a few occasions, but mostly it was just Duncan. She'd been over to his house a few times and had spent the night snuggled in between he and his wife or in a big pile with Danielle added in for flavor.

Kimber had recently revealed that she was seeing a guy and had recently admitted that he didn't know about the parties and the group that she'd become a part of. She was determined to tell him but knew that doing so would take some careful planning on her part if she wanted to introduce him to everyone. She'd let everyone know that even though it was a relatively new relationship, she could already tell that there was something special about the guy, and that she didn't want to ruin anything. For the immediate future, she was probably going to have to take a hiatus from attending the parties until he'd been properly introduced and warned about what was going on.

Erin was still working at the bar that Duncan had first seen her at, and had also elected to take some summer classes, so her repeated absence from the group was understandable as well. She was still just as enamored with Duncan as she'd ever been, but he and Kelly still hadn't found the time to invite her over to their house for some personal time with just the three of them. He felt a little guilty about it, of course, but he was also a little worried about her crush. Would she go overboard once they let her into their lives? He didn't want a "Fatal Attraction" type situation going on. He chuckled to himself and hoped that wouldn't happen with the gorgeous young woman.

Amy and Zeke were still just as weird and submissive as always. They'd picked up shifts since the parties were so few and far between, but they still sought the attention and affection as much as they had before. There had been several instances where Amy had shown up at the bar when Duncan was out with Mark and Drake, or Derrek and Ed, or a mixture of that, and sucked them all off. The bartender at The Stumble Inn seemed to be pretty cool with any shenanigans that kicked off in his place, and seemed to like the group as a whole, so they tended to go there, and it was specifically there that Amy had been so naughty.

She was still one of the most beautiful and desirable women that he'd ever seen, and he felt really lucky to be with her, not to mention be a Dom for. Zeke was as obedient as ever. He and Kelly hadn't really done anything together since that one time that the four of them had eschewed their dominant and submissive roles for the evening and just enjoyed each other.

When the four of them did play, Zeke was still the same submissive cuckold as before. The effect that humiliation had on him was endlessly fascinating to Duncan as well as Kelly, and they tried different things every time. He seemed to enjoy Kelly tormenting him the most. Duncan had to admit that his wife had a certain knack for it that he lacked. Amy would be sucking Duncan off at a traffic stop, with a trucker watching on one side and a group of college guys on the sidewalk on the right, and Kelly would roll down the window and ask one or the other if they wanted a turn next. Duncan would pull away then and take them back to the Winger's house or their own and fuck her brains out. Zeke always came too, but it was usually as Kelly was berating him and screaming at what a whore his wife was and how pathetic he was. She could really get him going and would punish him relentlessly until she finally granted him his reward.

Something curious had happened with the Wingers as well. Amy was adamant about telling him that she'd stopped having sex with Zeke, and it had basically improved everything. Duncan and Kelly had told her that she should spend time reconnecting with him, but she had assured them both that it had brought her and her husband closer than ever. She described it as being like they were being Dominated constantly. He'd even discussed it with Zeke, asking if they'd needed to take a break from it all and reconnect, but Zeke had been just as insistent, telling them that, "They loved them for being concerned and it made everything feel even more right that they'd been so worried, but that everything was definitely fine."

Duncan had taken a little more convincing than his wife, but then he wasn't the same as Zeke was. That had been a few weeks ago, and though they'd been able to play at least one night the previous week, the Wingers had been forced to pick up extra shifts since the department had been short-handed over the summer. A few new extra recruits were coming in soon though. Their load would lighten, and they would be able to go back to the Saturday Party.

Duncan stared up at the ceiling as he thought about the ever alluring Molly and her husband, Drake. He inadvertently smiled when he thought of the nurse-turned-housewife and her lawyer husband. They had been he and Kelly's closest friends before all of this had started and had remained so throughout. They didn't get to spend nearly the amount of time with them that they wanted, but that was mostly because they had a kid. They always had Dana or one of the neighborhood teenagers available to babysit, but with most people not able to attend, it really wasn't all that worth it, and the rest of the group didn't blame them.

Drake had taken Dana and Derrek on a few vacations that summer with he, Molly, and the kiddo. Drake and Molly had assured he and Kelly that they'd be coming back to the group as soon as September hit and their load lightened up.

Dana, Molly's younger sister, had the summer off and had spent it dating. She'd gone out a few times with Derrek, but the two had ultimately decided to remain friends and fuckbuddies. She felt it was too weird with their siblings being married. She was a teacher by trade, so she had the summer off. She was one of the few that was steadfast about coming to the Saturday party when it actually did meet over the summer, even while she was dating. She was actually seeing someone now, Duncan knew, but had yet to bring him to the parties or really even tell him about her alternate lifestyle choices. He hoped for the best for the young teacher but didn't think it would work out. It took a lot for a guy to be okay with this type of lifestyle, he knew. Dating while doing it was nearly impossible for most people. Mark and Becky were amazing at it, and he knew how rare they were.

Derrek was around as well and had let everyone know that he'd had a couple of dates with someone other than Dana. The girl that he was seeing seemed to be open to the idea, but still wasn't sure. He'd told the group that he really liked the girl and was prepared to have to stop coming if she wasn't a fan of the lifestyle.

Duncan couldn't help but feel a special connection with the young man, and with his brother, Drake, as well. They'd been the first men that he'd trusted to be with his wife, a woman that only he had been with before and that he loved more than anything else in the world. They hadn't abused that trust, and her first time outside of their marriage had been incredible for all involved. He truly hoped that the young man would come back, new girlfriend or not. Kelly really liked him, and being the youngest and the most fit, he had more stamina than Duncan and the rest of the guys, except possibly for Zeke.

Laying there, enjoying his wife's warmth in the early morning light, Duncan sighed quietly, contentedly. Kelly quietly whimpered in her sleep, and then there was an odd sound. Right on his crotch, a low rumble vibrated the front of his boxers. He quietly covered his mouth, stifling a laugh as he realized that she'd just farted on him in her sleep!

To top it off, his adorable wife moaned in pleasure as if it had been uncomfortable or painful to hold it in. She sighed deeply and then started snoring again. Duncan lay still, quietly vibrating with laughter as warmth started to spread across his crotch. Finally, not able to stand it any longer, he turned and slid from the bed, grabbing his pillow and falling to his knees to bury his face in it and laughing. After twenty seconds, he stood quietly and set the pillow down. Turning, he looked over at his wife and saw that she was still in the same position.

Grinning, he turned and quietly left the room, chuckling all the way into the kitchen, where he started a pot of coffee. He turned a half-circle, looking for their live-in sex toy and maid, but didn't see her.

Danielle had been quite the addition to his house. She was like the salt you put on something to make it better. She always seemed to know when her presence was desired, and when it should be just Duncan and Kelly. She was always ready for sex and had a way of convincing the two of them of it, even when they weren't totally into it.

Every morning that she could, she would come into Duncan and Kelly's room and wake the two of them up with oral sex. She would start with Kelly and had gotten to where she knew exactly what the redhead wanted from her tongue and could make her come in just a few minutes. Afterwards, she would slide over and start sucking on Duncan. Sometimes he would be awake, watching Kelly get eaten out, and sometimes he wouldn't know the lithe blonde was there until her lips wrapped around his cock. After she got him hard, she always seemed to know if he just wanted to finish in her mouth, or if he wanted to fuck Kelly and finish with her.

He assumed there were physical cues, him reaching for his wife or for her, the time, etc. Still, she always seemed to be happy with whatever choice was made. Some mornings, he would fuck her into the mattress and sometimes she would be licking, kissing, and sucking on him and his wife as they awoke. Still, other mornings it was a quick blowjob and cumming in her mouth before the three of them slid from the bed and went about their day.

She had a standing rule with the two of them as well. While she was here in their home, they could do whatever they wanted to her, whenever they wanted. If she was studying for a test, Kelly could make her come eat her out, or make her fall to her knees so Duncan could fuck her brains out. If she didn't wake up in the morning, or Duncan got horny during dinner, he could walk over, lift her up, pull down her pants and start fucking her, no questions asked. They made allowances for her monthly, of course, but she kept insisting that they didn't have to. She no longer referred to them directly as Duncan or Kelly either. It was Master and Mistress to the young vixen.

She was the true definition of a live-in sex toy.

He smiled and turned, heading for her bedroom door. Opening it quietly, he looked in and quickly formulated a plan. She was still laying in bed, a single sheet over her as she lay on her stomach. He quietly dropped his underwear and reached down, stroking his cock as he watched her. He briefly thought about just jerking off onto her face while she slept, but that kind of felt like a waste no matter how kinky it was. Stepping quietly over to her, he slid the sheet off her body and admired her form.

She was thin, but not too thin. Her breasts were larger than they seemed when she was dressed and had the cutest little pink nipples. She was wearing a pair of white panties and an old shirt of his, her face turned away, her hair up in a sloppy knot. For a minute, he stood silently, stroking himself and watching her sleep. Bending over, he leaned in close to her head and inhaled deeply, smelling her feminine, sweet-smelling aroma.

Her leg was slightly bent, and he looked down between her legs. The thin outline of her pussy through her innocent looking panties caused him to swell considerably. The succulent curve of her buttocks was enticing and made him want to slide her panties aside and lick her to a satisfying orgasm.

Instead, he knelt silently on the bed with his right knee, the left foot still on the floor next to the bed. Reaching up, he licked several fingers and then rubbed them across the mushroom head of his cock as he quietly and softly slid her panties to the side. He kneeled over on the other side of her hips to straddle her legs.

She stirred a little as the head of his cock nestled just against her slit, still tightly sealed shut. He took a deep breath and moved forward, sliding the head of his cock down and through her pussy lips. Inwards the head of his cock pushed, sliding slowly inside the sleeping young woman until she finally awoke, her back arching and hips pushing back against him as he slid deep inside her. She quickly turned to her stomach, her butt perched in the air as he gripped the fat on her thighs roughly, pulling with force.

"Oh...God... fucking... thank you... Master," she groaned, pushing hard against him. He grunted in pleasure, leaning down as she craned her head back to get a kiss from him.

"Fuck me, Master," she begged. "Please fuck your little whore!" He smiled, pushing her back down with a single hand on her shoulder, and slowly started to re-position her, his cock sliding more easily into her drowsy cunt. A few strokes later, and they were both completely lubed, his cock sliding all the way into her and back out as she groaned into her pillow.

Her phone buzzed on the table next to her and she reached over to grab it, surprising him. Smirking back at him, she answered it, mouthing, "Conner," at him.

He chuckled, but didn't slow, his cock sliding deep as she said, "Hello?"

Conner said something in response, but he couldn't hear it.

"I'm good," she said, sliding up to her knees and gripping the railing of the bed with one hand. "How have you been?"

Smiling widely, he pulled roughly at her pale hips, her underwear still pulled rudely to the side as he slid deeply into her, again and again.

"Fuck," she whimpered. "You are?" she asked. "That's great!"
