 I guess I should have figured it was going to be a pretty good weekend. Tuesday before she went to work, Bets told me she was going to Ham and Linda's for the weekend. That meant I would be home without her. Not necessarily alone.

Things really started to come together when Ruthie stopped by on her way home, knowing this was a Tuesday that Bets worked late. Only thing was she had her kids with her. They more or less settled down to watch TV with Sara, Bet's kid, and Ruthie and I were drinking coffee in the kitchen.

See, Ruthie and I had been an item for about three years when all this happened. We had done just about everything that two people of gloriously opposite sexes could do. We had cooled off and heated up two or three times, and when all this happened, we were sorta in the middle of a swing back up. We both figured Bets had to know what was going on. I figured she just preferred to have Ruthie handle the sex chores for her. Suited me. Ruthie was plenty. We only got together when her old man was outta town (two weekends a month), and when Bets worked weekends (also two weekends a month, fortunately the same two!)

Things had changed a bit in the last year or so. Dave and Ruthie had agreed to end their marriage. He was living in the big city, about 80 miles away, and had the kids every other weekend. And Ruthie was not the sort to sit around and wait for something to happen. We had been on the outs a bit because I couldn't or wouldn't face Bets down and just take Ruthie out during the time she had free. Then Bets started working evenings twice a week, and now Ruthie and I looked to be able to see each other now and then. I still hoped she would find someone and settle down again. But right now, I was enjoying the fact that she could not find enough outlets for her energy. Right now I wanted to tell her about the weekend -- that Bets was going to Linda's.

"Guess what," I said when she made herself comfortable in the other kitchen chair. 

"You're horny," she said with a look over the rim of our cup.

"THAT I would not have to TELL you. No, this is about this weekend. Bets is going to Ham and Linda's." this got her attention right away. Eyebrows up, you could see the wheels start to turn. 

"Dave is coming to get the kids on Friday afternoon." Now it was my turn for the eyebrow thing. Smiles all around.

"In that case, and if all this works out, how about a party Friday night?"

She smiled and I could almost feel her getting wet. "Well. What else do you think?" 

I was glad all this happened early in the week. Sometimes Ruthie was all set up for the weekends that Bets had off, or when Dave was getting the kids. I was getting bolder. There was something else I wanted to ask Ruthie. I wasn't sure if this was the time, but I decided to go ahead. Nothing ventured, etc. "When I said a party, I maybe meant more than just the two of us, you and me." I looked at her. Ruthie and I had done this once before, with her sister. It was a great time, but it had been sorta spur of the moment, and I wasn't sure we could ever do that again. This would be set up in advance and we would have the whole week to worry and wonder.

"Who did you have in mind, Toad?"

"I'd rather not say until ... we... talk to her. She may or may not go for it." 

"I knew it wouldn't be another guy...had to be a her."

Didn't seem to be anything to say to that.

"What if I came up with someone who could join us?" she asked.

"After what you've done for me over the past three years? I would be a fool and an ingrate not to. Got someone in mind?"

She grinned and said, "Maybe." I had called her bluff. "I'm not a nun on the weekends I can't get together with you, you know."

"Do you want to make it a foursome this weekend? It would complicate things because I don't even know if she'll go for just us, even."

That brought Ruthie back to the present. "Do I know her?"

Ruthie knew a lot of people, but I doubted she had run across Marie. Both their kids played soccer, but other than that, the mutual circles were pretty small. "Don't know," I said. "I doubt it."

Ruthie worked in a real estate office, and Marie drove an ambulance. I was in manufacturing, and Bets was a MedTech at the local hospital.

"She home now? We could call her."

I took this as a good sign. If Ruthie wanted to talk to Marie, she at least had not said, "NO!"

"Let's find out." I grabbed the wall phone and quickly dialed the number. One of Marie's kids, the oldest, answered. "Is your mom there?"

"Mmmmmmmmmmmoommmmm!!" I turned to Ruthie. "She's there. I'll talk to her and then get on an extension to let you two get acquainted. If one of the kids comes in the kitchen, just act naturally." This got me an 'ok' look, and Ruthie went to fill the coffee cups.

"Hello?"

"Hello, Marie."

"Oh, hi!" Good sign, no sudden tenseness, no immediate lowering of the voice. She could talk. 

"I don't know how much time we have..."

"Not enough to do what you want to do, and besides I have a houseful of hungry kids."

"Honey..." I tried to sound hurt, but she knew me pretty well. "Actually, I called about something else, something I wondered if you might want to be in on, something I hope you want to be in on."

"All the stuff you and I have done has been fun, just too short...and I don't mean THAT!"

We both laughed, and Ruthie gave me an inquiring look. I shrugged and pushed on. "I was wondering about this weekend. Bets is taking Sara out of town. What does it look like for you?"

After a short hesitation, she said, "Well...El is taking JD hunting. I think they are leaving Friday when he gets home from work." I couldn't help it. I grinned and made a sound low in my throat. She knew that was that was I wanted to hear.

"What about the other kids?" She had two younger sons.

"I think I can farm them out. Just Friday?

"I don't think all the luck in the world could turn this into an all-weekend thing."

She laughed, and I decided to break the rest of the proposition to her.

"There is something else...something... someone else."

"Huh?" she said.

"I was talking to a friend of mine, who also happens to be free this weekend...."

She stopped me -- "You didn't tell anyone else about us, did you?" Panic time.

I put on my most soothing voice. "Of course not, Marie. Please calm down and listen a minute. I haven't violated any trust you have placed in me, and I won't."

"I'm not interested in getting together with you and some other guy just so you can brag about it! You and I knew each other for two years before we did anything... that should tell you I'm not some teenage slut..." She finally wound down.

"I have given you the wrong idea, Sweet. Just let me finish, and then tell me what you think..." I waited and she seemed to calm down on the other end. "You OK now?"

"What's going on?" Suspicion laced her voice.

"Look, sweetheart, you know you are not the only one that likes to fool around...with me. I have gotten lucky a couple of other times."

I guess I said it just right: she laughed. I could hear the first stirrings of interest on her part.

"Well, there is a possibility that I might get someone to get together with us this weekend. Someone who might be interested in having a good time, just like us."

Silence. Then, "I'd bet my next paycheck that it isn't a guy."

I laughed. "Didn't take long for you to figure out I wouldn't go recruit a guy to fuck you when I can do that! Yes, it's another lady." Ruthie didn't know whether to laugh or cry, and just settled for not spilling her coffee. It also got me a 'Hmmph' from the other end of the phone.

"None of us are ladies when we are around you. We are more like cats in heat."

"I wish. Well, listen. I was here at home, and she just stopped by. We got to talking. She is free this weekend, too, and would like to meet you."

"She's there? Listening?"

More panic. "Yes, but I have not told her who you are, or anything about you, and I wont do anything unless you say OK. She just wants to talk right now."

Calm returned as more rational thought set in. Marie realized I had not given anything away. I pushed on. "This isn't like when one of the kids asks to have someone over for dinner, with them standing right there. You can say no without hurting anyone's feelings." I let her hear me smile. "What would it hurt to talk? You know there are other horny girls out there, like you."

"We are not talking about any girl-girl stuff here, are we? Because if you think that, you can forget it right now!"

I rushed to reassure her. "No, no, absolutely not! Ruth doesn't want that either. I ..."

"Her name is Ruth?"

"Yes."

"Do I know her?"

"I don't think so, but here is your chance to know her."

"Well..."

"Let me put her on, and I'll go get on the extension. OK?"

Pause..."Ok."

I could not help it: I made a fist in the air and said, calmly, "I'll be right back. Marie, Ruth. Ruth, Marie."

I set the phone where Ruthie could reach it, and dashed upstairs to my bedroom, grabbed the phone, and dived in.

M: Hello.

R: Hello.

I: Hello, both of you. I don't know how much time we have, so let's get to what we need to do.

M:Which is what?

I: I need to get you two to trust each other enough to agree to have a fling with me this Friday night. No Girl-Girl, just good fun.

R: Right, let's make that clear.

M: Why would either of us, Ruth, want to make this guy happy? You and I both know he is never gonna be single.

R: I don't know. He makes me happy, and he makes me laugh, and he is a good fuck. I do things with him I would never do with anyone else. Or never did until he came along.

M: How long have you two been doing it?

I: That would mean I did it with one of you first and cheated on one of you with the other. Let's never mind that. We've all fucked each other, and that's that. Good enough?

R: Probably smart.

M: I see what you mean. But I don't want to get together with someone who just does it all over. No offense, Ruth, but not knowing someone could mean bad things today. I've got a husband. I can't afford to bring anything home to. You see, don't you?"

R: Of course, no offense taken.

M: That big guy you are with is the only guy besides my husband I've done anything with since I got married.

R: I understand. He was the only one I got it on with until after I was divorced. I didn't want to tell him this, because I wanted him to stay jealous, as if he ever was, but there is only one other guy that I see when I can't see him. And he's clean."

I: Ok, we all trust each other on that score...

M & R: Not so fast!

M: What about you!?

I: I haven't done it with anyone but you guys, and once in a great while, Bets, for over three years now.

M: Well, that answers my other question.

I knew I'd had little chance of keeping it under wraps that Ruthie and I were the longer couple, here. I just hadn't wanted it to affect things right then. We went on.

I: You're right. Ruthie was first, and Marie and I have only done it couple of times, and the last time was six weeks ago. Ruthie and I were sorta on the outs at the time. Remember, Ruthie?

R: Yes. No grudges. We are all in this for the fun, and not for the hassle it would be for everyone to be jealous. Possessiveness doesn't make sense when there is nothing to possess.

M: That's very pretty. And very true.

I: I have to agree and I like the attitude. Marie, can you go along?

M: I think so. I get enough here at home, but it's not quantity or even quality that makes me go to this guy. It's just ... fun.

I: So, are we gonna have some fun Friday night?

R: Ok with me, Toad.

M: ... ... OK.

I couldn't help feeling a bit of triumph again. This was a tough bit of negotiation, and I was beginning to think we were going to get through it, and get something out of it.

I: Ok, first. Where? Ruthie? Your place is the most private.

It was true. Even though she lived in the oldest, most crowded neighborhood of the three of us, trees and alleys offered the most protection from prying neighbors.

R: I guess, but you'll have to come over Thursday and help me clean up.

M: That will give you two a head start on Friday!

We all laughed. "Ok," I said, "no hanky-panky on Thursday...save it for Friday. All of it."

"Bets works Thursday evening, doesn't she?" Ruthie asked.

"Look on that calendar right by the phone down there."

"Hmm...yes, Thursday, 3 to 11."

M: Ok, so much for where, when?

I: What time is Dave coming for the kids, Ruthie?

R: They'll be gone by 5pm.

M: El and JD will leave around noon if he can get off. Otherwise it'll be no later than 4.

I: Great. Bets will leave around 3. Marie, what about the other kids?

M: I'll have to arrange that. Right now, I don't know.

Hmmm...possible snag. Oh well, endure it, and don't whine.

I: Ok. If we can, just to keep the congestion down at Ruthie's house, I'll go to the office downtown, and get Marie to pick me up there. Will you have the van, Marie?

M: No, the truck. El will want the van.

I: Ok, there is a place to park it where no one can see it, and we'll do that when we get there, and come in the back way.

R: Ok, that's where and mostly when. We each have to guess at why, and we already know who. So, I guess that leaves HOW."

I: I have to tell you, Marie, that Ruthie made me promise that if we ever did this, I would fuck her first. I may as well tell you now if that is going to be a problem.

M: No, I'll watch the first time around.

I: Well, Maybe we can find something for you to do.

R: Just no...

I: We know, no girl on girl stuff, no. But that doesn't mean no fun at all. What we could do between now and Friday, everyone think of something they would like to do, given the chance we have given to ourselves. Then we'll talk about it Friday and see what happens.

M: Ok.

R: Sounds good.

I: And Marie, when can you find out about the other kids?

R: Yeah, he likes his anticipation, Marie.

Laughs all around. It was ok, it was at my expense, and I was getting a lot more than I could possibly give.

M: Probably by tomorrow. I'll let you know.

I: Let me call you. Bets will be home.

R: I got kids swarming here, demanding to be fed. Sounds like the same at your house, Marie.

M: Yeah. Make that big lug take you and your kids out to eat.

R: Helluvan idea!

I: Boy, two women under one roof may be more than I can handle.

M: I doubt it.

R: I know better.

I: All I can say right now is thanks for your confidence. I may need it. I will talk to you tomorrow, Marie, and thanks for even considering the whole idea.

M: Oh I have fantasies, too, you know. We'll see what happens.

R: I'm looking forward to it.

I: Me, too.

M: So am I. Bye.

I: Bye

We all hung up, and I went downstairs. Ruthie seemed surprised I was still dressed, knowing how I like phone sex. But there hadn't seemed to be time, at least not time enough to enjoy myself.

"You said dinner, so let's go. I'll treat to Hamberdonalds."

"Great. I'll see if I can keep my hands off you."

"You better! There are children present!"

Wednesday. Bets had gone to the store. I dialed Marie's number, and was glad she answered instead of one of the kids. Wouldn't do to have one of them mention all the phone calls mom was getting from some guy.

"Hi, hon, how are you?"

She sounded a bit more guarded than the day before. "I'm fine."

"You sound down. Second thoughts?" I asked.

"Anyone in their right mind would be having second thoughts about something like this. I don't know her at all, and threesomes haven't EVER been part of my fantasies. I wouldn't even be considering this if it wasn't you!"

"I appreciate that, Marie. I promise everything I do will be to help us all have more fun. No jealousy, no contentiousness, no rough stuff. Ruthie is a pussycat."

"Who is she?" I didn't recognize her voice. We're handing her a helluva piece of ammunition. I would like a little reassurance.

"She works in an office with about 10 other people, mostly female. I met her when she and Bets worked on a project for the Red Cross. She was married then."

"What does she look like?"

"Short, sorta round, brunette, big glasses, big tits, and a real nice ass."

"I didn't need that last. I don't care about her tits, you know."

"Sorry. Listen, don't beat yourself up about it. You might decide you know her and then it turns out you don't. Let's just go with it."

"Where does she live?" I want to see if I might know someone who could see me coming and going in that part of town."

"On Vicky Lane, south of the highway about 4 blocks. There are houses there, lots of trees, and the house next to her is vacant. The house on the other side can't see the driveway, and the house behind her, across the alley, in the only one that might see your truck. We can pull all the way behind the house, out of sight of the street. And by 5.30 or so it'll be dark, and the chances of anyone being able to see us will be slim."

"What street is the house behind her? Park? Or Brook?"

"Park."

"Ok. I don't think I know anyone over there, anyway."

"I understand how nervous this could all make someone. I want all of us to have a good time. Part of that has to be making you as comfortable as possible. Do all these questions mean the kids are taken care of safe and sound?"

"I talked to Cheryl. And I think the two of them will spend the night there. I already owed her a favor, and now I owe her another. This night is gonna cost me, sooner or later."

"I can you are not entirely comfortable about this. Would it be better if it was just you and me? I would be about the same as far as arrangements are concerned."

"Well, it might be a good time to go out. We never get to. We could go to the city, dance, spend the night at the Hilton..." She sorta let the thought hang there.

"Sounds great! Only problem I have with it right now, is money."

"Yeah, I know. No, I guess I'll go along with your idea. But you owe me, and I swear if anyone ever finds out, I will kill you."

"Then I guess I better make sure no one finds out!"

"Damn right."

"Bets will be home anytime. I need to call Ruthie and let her know. I feel like I also need to stay on the phone and reassure you. I don't want you coming apart on me, when we're this close to having a great time!"

"I won't come apart. I've had three kids, you know."

Laugh. "Thanks, Marie."

"Bye, you"

"Bye."

I made sure Bets was not in the driveway, and dialed Ruthie's number. "Hi. It's me."

"I figured. Did you talk to her?"

"Yes, we are on! She sounds a bit nervous about it all, but that's normal."

"Who is she? I couldn't ask last night because of the kids, but I am curious. Who wouldn't be?"

"Funny, that's the first thing she wanted to know about you."

"What did you tell her?"

"Which question do you want answered first? You know I didn't tell her anything that will come back on you."

"Yeah, I guess not...Ok, tell me about her."

"Big girl, tall, black hair, cut short, likes jeans, tight, nice tits and a big ass."

"How many times have you fucked her?"

"Just a couple. But we would fool around in her van a lot before that. Jilling her off, and like that. She likes to come. The only time I got to fuck her was last month when Sara was gone to her dads, remember?"

"Yeah."

"She's had three kids, and I'm afraid El must be hung like a horse."

"Not real tight, huh?"

"Hmmph. Like sticking it in the Grand Canyon. Now all I need is you to tell her I said something like that."

"Of course not and I'm not going to get close enough to it I would be able to tell," she laughed. "Thought about what you wanna do?"

"That and little else. Came four times last night"

"I guess sleeping alone has it's advantages."
