 The sunset was amazing. Lucy wasn't sure how things had ended up the way they had, but right now it was all ok. Her friend had asked her to come down to Houston and go hiking. The girl was visiting relatives there and was bored. She said there was a gorgeous park and lake nearby, and they could both get away for a while.

So Lucy had driven down. She met her girlfriend at her aunt's house, and the two of them started to leave. Then, just as they stepped out of the house, the girl caught a heel on the step down, fell, and broke her ankle. Lucy had taken her to the hospital and her friend would be fine. But the girl also had felt terrible about calling Lucy all the way to Houston for nothing. So she had given Lucy a map of the area and told her about the most beautiful place she had ever seen.

At first, Lucy hadn't wanted to go alone. But then she figured she might as well go look, after all she was already here. So she took a drive over to Sheldon Lake. It was late afternoon by the time she got there. Lucy figured she'd just walk around for a few hours and then head back.

It was fantastic. The park was beautiful, with trees and hiking paths. Then, about a half hour ago, she had reached the lake itself. It was awesome. The water was clear and blue, and the sun was so low in the sky, that it was glistening pink off the water. As the sun went down, the water seemed to change color. It would go red or gold, as the sun dropped. After it was dark, Lucy just sat for a while. Then, as much as she would have just like to stay, she realized she had to get home.

That was when she heard the laughing. It was clearly female, and close by. So Lucy decided to check it out before she left. She walked along the lakeshore, following the sound. It was less than half a mile later, that Lucy found it. There was a large boat anchored in a cove of the lake. The laughing was coming from onboard.

Lucy just stared for a moment, and then started to leave, when someone on the boat yelled at her. At first, Lucy thought she was angry, but then she realized that the girl was asking her if she'd like to come aboard. For some reason, Lucy realized that she really wanted to do just that.

She walked the ramp onto the boat, and two women were waiting for her. They introduced themselves as Carol and Nancy. Lucy never would learn their last names. The girls offered Lucy a drink. All they had was rum and coke, but Lucy said that was fine. As they drank, the girls told Lucy that they and their friends were on vacation, and were about to have a big party. They were minding the boat, while everyone else had gone into town for supplies. When they got back, they were going to build a big fire in the clearing by the boat. Then they would all drink and eat, and have fun all night. 

As Lucy drank, she looked the girls over. They were both in swimsuits. Carol was a very slim blonde. Her hair was straight, with just a little wave to it. It was long and fine, and it blew gently in the breeze. The golden hair reached about half way down the girl's back. The bathing suit was a tiny, two-piece. It was cut very low, but with Carol's small breasts, there was still no real cleavage. But what curves the girl had appeared very firm, and Lucy guessed that she was quite athletic. Also, the blonde smiled constantly, and her blue eyes seemed to just sparkle.

Nancy was a redhead. Her hair was only shoulder length, and was quite curly. Also, she was a much curvier girl than Carol. Her bathing suit was a little more substantial, but it had more to cover. Lucy wasn't sure how large Nancy's breasts were, but they were definitely at least a D cup. And when she turned around, her ass was also very curvy. She wasn't heavy though. In the bikini she was wearing, Lucy couldn't see any extra weight around Nancy's middle. Then the redhead brought Lucy another drink. As she took it, she looked up and saw that Nancy's eyes were a bright green. That was all she had a chance to notice, as Nancy continued to bend down after she handed Lucy her drink. Then the two girls' lips met, and Lucy just relaxed and let the beautiful redhead kiss her.

The kiss was soft and gentle, and when it was over, Nancy didn't say a word. She just walked back to her seat and let Lucy have her drink. But when the glass was empty again, the other girl came over to refill her glass. Just like before, no words were spoken, as beautiful, blonde Carol poured Lucy another drink and kissed her deeply.

Two drinks and two kisses later, whatever inhibitions Lucy had started with all melted away. When Nancy came by for her third kiss, Lucy reached up and wrapped her arms around the redhead's neck. She pulled the beautiful girl to her and began the kiss herself. The two ladies' mouths opened, and their tongues explored each other. It seemed to go on for minutes, but then Nancy pulled her head away and Lucy tried to collect herself.

The girls didn't really give Lucy a chance to calm down, however. They got up, and Carol took Lucy's hand and led her off the boat into the party clearing. It was dark and clear, and the stars were beautiful. Nancy began to remove her bathing suit. Lucy couldn't help staring, as those awesome curves were uncovered. Then Carol began to undress her.

For a second, Lucy tensed up. But then she just relaxed and let Carol go. Her top and jeans were removed, and a minute later, her bra and panties followed them to the ground. When she was naked, Lucy turned around just in time to see the last of Carol's bikini leave her body. 

With everyone nude, Carol pulled Lucy to the ground. Between the excitement and the alcohol, Lucy wasn't about to object. The willowy blonde laid Lucy on her back. Then she kissed her way up her legs all the way to her pussy. Lucy couldn't help letting out a tiny shriek as Carol's tongue hit her clit for the first time. Then, as her pussy was explored by Carol's tongue, Lucy began to gasp for air. The feelings were amazing.

Nancy bent down next to Lucy and kissed her again. Lucy was so excited, she grabbed Nancy's head and practically shoved her tongue down her throat. Carol was driving her crazy, and Lucy just couldn't control herself. Nancy moved her hands to her breasts, and Lucy began to explore. They were far larger than her own, and Lucy loved the feel of them. They were soft and heavy, and Lucy loved the way Nancy seemed to just purr as she stroked them.

Lucy's breathing was getting heavier, and Nancy pulled away. Lucy felt herself pulled onto her side, but she didn't care. Carol's tongue was still at work in her pussy. As long the blonde kept doing what she was doing, Lucy didn't give a damn what else happened. Then, Nancy's legs slid around Lucy. The redhead's legs moved down, and Lucy realized that her pussy was making its way to her face. Lucy had never kissed another woman down there, but she knew she was about to. The excitement of it just added to everything.

It was so dark, that Lucy could barely see the fine red fur that just barely covered Nancy's cunt. Like most redheads, she had barely any body hair and didn't even need to shave. Then, those soft furry lips were pressing into Lucy's face, and she kissed those lips, just as she had kissed the others minutes earlier.

Carol stabbed into Lucy's vagina, and the beautiful brunette squealed again. Then her own tongue plunged between Nancy's pussylips and began to explore in there the same way it had made its way into Nancy's mouth. The taste was sweet and salty at the same time, although it didn't really matter. The way Carol was working on her pussy, Lucy couldn't really concentrate on any flavor anyway.

Lucy tried to focus on what she was doing to Nancy, but she just couldn't. Carol was driving her crazy. God!!! She couldn't take any more. Lucy screamed at the top her lungs and arched her back. Then her whole body began to shake. Her mouth closed, and Nancy let out a matching shriek, as Lucy practically sucked her pussy inside out. The redhead grabbed Lucy's head and pressed her face right into her cunt. Lucy just continued to shake and cum, as her mouth was rubbed back and forth across Nancy's pussy. Her own orgasm was just starting to slow, when Nancy's body began to shake and writhe just as she had done moments earlier. Lucy plunged her tongue back up inside Nancy, as the redhead lost complete control. It was several minutes later before the women settled back down onto the grass and tried to breathe normally again.

Carol didn't give them much time to rest. She hadn't had the fun they had, and she wanted some. The lithe blonde moved her way up Lucy's body. Pushing Nancy out of the way, she wrapped her legs around Lucy's head, and pulled her face right into her pussy. Lucy was tired, and for a moment she thought about pushing away, but Carol had been so nice to her already. She reached out with her arms and wrapped them around Carol's waist. Then, pulling the blonde tight against her, she found her clit with her tongue and went to work. 

As she licked at Carol's pussy, Lucy felt her own body being moved. Nancy was pulling on her feet, and trying to change her position. Lucy didn't mind, she just let Nancy take her wherever she wanted. A minute later, Lucy hissed as Nancy pulled her legs apart and began working on her cunt. The redhead was licking and sucking down there, and Lucy was still really sensitive from her last orgasm.

Lucy lifted her head a moment and looked around. All three women were now connected. Nancy had pulled Carol around so that the blonde's face was right in the redhead's muff, while Nancy was eating away at Lucy. Lucy had heard of daisy chains before, of course, but she never thought she'd be part of one. God, it was WONDERFULL!!!! Lucy sighed happily, and then lowered her face and went back to work on Carol.

For the next half hour or so, the girls just stayed that way. Every few minutes, one of them would shriek and moan as it became her turn to cum. Then she would just go back to eating the pussy right in front of her. Lucy had honestly lost track of how many times she came. The brunette was starting to wonder how long this could last, when she heard tires squeal. Lucy looked up to see a pickup truck racing into the clearing. The truck parked and several people got out. As people streamed out of the cab and off the bed, Lucy counted five men and three girls. And there she was with her mouth on some girl's pussy in front of all these people. She knew she should be really embarrassed, but for some reason Lucy just didn't care. 

As the group approached, Lucy wondered what would happen next. She needn't have worried. Everyone was smiling as they walked over. The guys took turns giving Lucy's pretty tits a little squeeze, while the girls went to get her another drink.

As Lucy sipped her now refilled drink, the guys began stacking wood. When they were ready, the poured some charcoal lighter on it and lit the timber. Within minutes, a beautiful big bonfire was burning in the clearing. Lucy just stayed there, naked, near the file, while the girls made sure that she always had a fresh drink.

Lucy wasn't the only naked out there. The two girls she had been playing with never put clothes on either. No one seemed to care. The whole group just settled in around the fire. Everyone was drinking and smiling. After an hour, Lucy was feeling absolutely no pain. So she didn't even care, or really even notice, when everyone else began removing their clothes. 

A few minutes later, one of the girls came over and helped Lucy sit up. Then, some guy, Lucy never did learn their names, came over and stood in front of her. His dick was right at the level of her mouth, so Lucy just opened up and let him put it in. It was very nice, and Lucy enjoyed just sitting there sucking on it. The cock got harder and harder, as Lucy sucked and licked it. The little brunette loved running her tongue all over it. 

Lucy thought the guy would come in her mouth, but he pulled out. Then he got down on his back in the grass. After that, one of the girls Lucy had eaten helped her over to him. When she was in position, Lucy just squatted down and took that rock hard cock right up her pussy. Lucy just closed her eyes and rocked on the hard shaft now embedded inside her. It had been too long since she'd had a man in there, and it was wonderful. Then she felt something brush her lips. When she opened her eyes, Lucy saw another cock in front of her face. The drunk woman sucked it into her mouth while she continued to ride the other dick that was firmly driving in and out of her vagina. She just continued to purr, as that rod slid in and out of her, while she ran her tongue all over the other cock that was enjoying her mouth.

When the second cock also pulled out, Lucy was really puzzled. After all, the one was already in her pussy. Surely this guy, whoever he was, would want to cum, too. But then the girl was holding Lucy's hands and pulling her forward. Soon, she was lying right on top of the guy who was fucking her. It was sooo dreamy. She could just lay there and let that wonderful thing slide in and out. 

But then, she felt hands on her butt. A moment later, her cheeks were spread apart and a finger went up her other hole. It surprised her for a moment, but between the alcohol, and that cock doing such wonderful work inside her, Lucy just relaxed and enjoyed the new sensation. 

The finger probed her little anus for a minute or two. Then it pulled out and Lucy felt it replaced by the head of the cock she had just been sucking. That was all right. Lucy knew she was about to be fucked up the ass, but she was okay with that. The one cock inside her felt so incredibly good. Surely two up inside her would feel even better.

The drunk brunette's little anus relaxed easily. It was hardly any effort at all for the new guy to slide his cock right up the strange brunette's little butthole. In fact, the hardest thing was simply finding room with his buddy's dick still in her pussy. Quickly, the two guys got into a rhythm where one of them would pull out as the other one drove in. So Lucy always had one hole completely filled. 

The sensations were amazing. With both rods pistoning her holes, Lucy was getting hotter and hotter. GOD!! She couldn't take much more of this. For that matter, neither could the guys who were still pounding away inside her. Lucy was just about to go over the edge, when the men beat her to it. Lucy was just starting to cum, when both men began shooting. As they came, the guys lost their timing, and both of them just drove as far up the hole they were screwing as they could possibly get. Lucy let out the most amazing howl, as both those rods drove deep into her openings. Then her whole body just began to vibrate. Trapped the way she was, with both of those hard shafts all the way up inside her, Lucy could barely move. She just continued to let out completely animalistic sounds, as the most amazing orgasm she had ever experienced crashed over her. 

When Lucy finally finished cumming she realized she was empty. She'd been so out of it, she'd never even noticed when the guys pulled out of her. She was just lying on the grass on her side. It was over. The woman didn't move. She was just going to stay there and enjoy the feelings still going through her. 

But then, two of the guys were picking her up. One of them had each end and they were moving her. As she was turned to face the ground, Lucy barely had time to realize that she was being put onto another guy. Before she could say a word, she was lowered down, and a new dick made its way into her pussy. Lucy could barely move, so she just collapsed onto the guy and let him drive in and out of her. 

Already, just about exhausted, Lucy couldn't believe it as she felt her bottom being pulled open again. Dear GOD! She was going to be double stuffed a second time. Sure enough, a dick head was placed at her anal opening, and then began to push its way in. In just moments, Lucy was completely filled in both her lower openings again. 

God, she had thought she was about to pass out. But now, with those two new cocks plowing her, Lucy was getting a burst of new energy. It felt so incredibly good. Those guys were just stroking slow and deep. Her pussy was getting that warm feeling again. And her ass was just clamping down on the rod that was up inside it. Then, as if that wasn't enough, the last guy was standing in front of her. Well, Lucy knew what to do. She sucked his cock into her mouth. She had all her holes filled now. GOD!! Lucy had three cocks inside her body. THREE!!! It was the most unbelievable thing that had ever happened to her. Oh, if it could just last forever. The ecstatic brunette sucked hard on the one dick, while the other two began to speed up inside her remaining two pockets. 

Lucy couldn't believe what she was doing. She had heard of women doing double penetrations of course, but she'd never come close to doing it herself. And she'd never even heard of anyone doing two doubles, one right after the other. And it felt so wonderful. The delighted lady just closed her eyes and went with the flow. She happily sucked on the dick in her mouth, while the other two stroked in and out of her pussy and ass. The feelings were just incredible.

The next few minutes passed, with Lucy trying not to lose her hold on the cock in her mouth. What was happening down below was trying to make her lose all control, but she held on as best she could. Then, those two prongs inside her thrust deep in her channels. Lucy couldn't take any more. She came again and screamed right around the rod in her mouth. As she came, her holes clamped down on the guys stuck in there, and they came a moment later. Then, as if that wasn't enough, the vibrations of Lucy shrieking around his dick set the last guy off as well. So as Lucy was lost in orgasm, two men spurted into her nether holes, while a third guy left a heavy load right on her tongue. When Lucy finished cumming, all the alcohol finally caught up with her. Before she could even swallow the syrup in her mouth, pretty Lucy passed out cold.

It must have been hours later that she woke up. Lucy knew it had been quite awhile because she was still naked and everyone else was dressed. Also, all that cum had just dried in her mouth. She needed another drink and that was easy to come by. All of the others were happy to give the naked beauty some more rum.

While she drank, the others decided that Lucy should entertain everyone. The brunette was just sitting there holding her drink, when one of the girls pulled her legs wide apart so that everyone could see her pussy. Well, here was an area Lucy was very familiar with. The lady loved showing herself off. Now she was in her element.

The partiers had Lucy pull her pussy wide open. The brunette just grabbed her lips and pulled them as far apart as they would go. She'd made sure that everyone could see her little clit and her channel. Lucy was completely shaved of course, so it was easy to see everything.

After she had opened herself, all the guys started handing Lucy things to put into her holes. This was fine with her. She was still horny from everything that had happened. Masturbating and having another orgasm would be perfect. 

They started with a tire tool. Lucy just stuck the end in her pussy and began shoving it in and out. Then someone handed her a spoon, so Lucy stuffed that handle up her ass, and began moving the implement around in her butt. 

Lucy would work the objects she had in both her holes. Then, every minute or so, someone would take something away from her and give her something new. Lucy would just take whatever she was given and put it back into one of her openings. Within an hour, the brunette had gone through silverware, candles, beer and soda bottles, and some objects that she didn't even recognize. By the time she came, Lucy had lost track so completely, that she didn't even know what she had up her pussy or her ass. And she didn't care. She just pounded them in there as deep and hard as she could, while she came in front of everyone. Lucy had just enough time to realize that everyone was cheering and clapping, before she passed out once again.
