 We met on the Bulletin Boards. I sent Lucy a 'Private Message' and she replied. She was very careful in her responses and gave very little away. She was amusing straight away with subtle one liners which I enjoyed. She wouldn't give away any specifics about where she lived or what she did and it took time to get to know that she travelled around Europe quite frequently. I also travel around Europe a lot on business mainly Holland and Germany so I asked her about various cities but didn't get any responses to indicate where she was actually based in Europe. 

I told her that I came from Brighton, Europe's capital of Homosexuality, but she didn't know Brighton, only London. Giving my location anyway still didn't elicit any mention of where she was based. Her profile was very sexy, with an a 1950's type photo, which later changed to a silhouetted picture of a long cock dangling in front of a woman's face. The only piece of titillating information was that she was yearning to meet a dominant person.

Over the space of a few months we continued with the occasional message. The only time Lucy started to open up was when I mentioned that I had just got back from a trip from Holland. She asked if I had been to any of the clubs in Amsterdam. As I'm normally on business I make a point of not going into Amsterdam City as it's hard to go clear headed into a meeting after spending the night in the 'City of Sin'. After I sent her that message I didn't get a response for weeks. I could see that she was still busy posting messages on the Bulletin Boards but she had gone cold on me. So I decided on one last ditched attempt at trying to get Lucy to open up. So I sent her a message telling her that I would be in Amsterdam at the end of the month for a meeting and that I could arrange to meet her in the late afternoon after my meetings, if she was around in Europe during that time.

I got a response a few days later, saying yes she would be in Europe at the end of the month and that she could meet me that afternoon in Amsterdam. My mind raced as soon as I received that message. Up to that point I'd been only a cybersex or phone sex man but had never actually met someone from a Bulletin Board or a chat room, or anyone, actually face to face. I'm happily married although our sex life is dull and I'd never had full blown sex with another woman apart from my wife. So actually meeting someone from a Bulletin Board was a big step, not that I immediately accepted that sex was going to be on the agenda.

Over the next few weeks we continued to correspond erratically. The messages between us where getting slowly more erotic each time, with Lucy asking more details about our meeting in Amsterdam. Soon I was on the plane to Schipol and jumping straight into a meeting with a bunch of arrogant Dutchman (aren't they all). It was hard to concentrate on the details of the meeting as my mind was constantly thinking about my impending encounter with Lucy. What would she be like? How should I act? I had decided as soon as Lucy had replied that she would meet me that I would attempt to be her ideal dominant man and I had set a plan to help easily accomplish that. But how would she respond?

As soon as the meeting finished I caught a taxi to Schipol airport from the meeting and then got the train to Central Station, in the centre of Amsterdam. We had planned to meet at 6pm. She had told me that she would wear an 1950's type white raincoat. I was wearing my pre-arranged black jacket, light blue shirt with a dark blue V-necked jumper, black trousers and black shinny shoes. I walked up the stairs of Central Station pass the parade of shops and in the large plaza surrounded by bikes, getting progressively more nervous. I quickly caught site of a medium built lady with auburn hair wearing a cream coloured rain coat with a 1950's style dress. I walked over. 'Hello are you Lucy'.

She turned round slowly and with a distinctive Southern Belle American Accent said 'Why yes, you must be Bob'. It was a very peculiar moment. We'd never met, she'd never really told me anything about her but here we were at the front of Amsterdam Central Street Station exchanging a polite kiss on the cheek.

'So' I said 'Where have you come from today?' 

'Oh you know, not that far' and she gave a little laugh that basically told me not to ask any more questions of that sort of nature, thank you very much.

'So where do you intend to take me Bob?'

'Well I intend to take you everywhere my dear' and of we went walking towards the city centre along the main central canal. We started to chat and Lucy obviously had been here before. She mentioned the Heineken Beer factory, the Van Gogh Museum and the Ann Frank Museum so she was defiantly a well-seasoned normal tourist. I knew Amsterdam as a normal tourist too, although I wanted to know how well she knew the other side of Amsterdam, the seedy side, the side where Amsterdam earns it's title of the 'City of Sin'. I knew where I would take her first and just before we entered the building I touched her hand and looked directly into her eyes for the first time. 

She was attractive and well groomed. 'Lucy I am going to show you the other side of Amsterdam and give you a night you will never forget but it at any time you want to stop, tell me and I will be the proper English Gent'. 'OK' she replied giving a giggle that indicated that she had no intention of stopping the impending proceedings.

We turned in the Sex Museum. 'So why are we going in here Bob' asked Lucy in the kind of voice that indicated that she had a damn good idea why we were entering this building. 'Its to help break the ice, Lucy Dearest'. She laughed and I paid the Six Euro's each admission fee and we entered the thin narrow building. It's a strange place the Sex Museum and never changes much but it's always the first place I go to when I come to Amsterdam from Central Station. The dummy in full S&M gear, with the black face mask and the whip was the first thing we saw and Lucy gave another giggle as I playfully pinched her bum for the first time. Again she giggled and up we went to the first floor.

The first floor had erotic pictures from the early 18th Century. Men with very long Freddy Mercury type moustaches and vests, sprouting very erect cocks. Quite a bizarre yet a strangely erotic site. Lady's with ample bosoms sucking on cocks. Not a nip or a tuck or a plastic breast to be seen, quite refreshing. The most favoured position was doggy style with woman positioned leaning on grand piano's or piano stools. Surprisingly they were quite a few orgy and lesbian scenes which obviously impressed Lucy 'God I didn't realise they had these kind of photographs two hundred years ago'. The pictures were obviously having an effect on Lucy and up we climbed to the second floor and I took the chance to gently stroke Lucy's ass as she climbed the stairs ahead of me. She turned round and gave me an encouraging smile.

The second floor was quite a bit raunchier with pictures of full S&M bondage scene. Woman being fucked while being strapped to a swing, woman being double penetrated while blindfolded, a picture of woman blindfolded being gangbanged. Lucy was extremely interested in these pictures and took a long time to walk round this gallery. We spend a good twenty minutes in that room, not saying much but holding hands, we then went up to the third floor. The third floor is basically just full of little cabins showing various porn films, with curtains so that you can't see whose in them. This was the real reason for coming to the Sex Museum, this would be the make or break 'ice breaker'.

We could see that there was the odd man set of legs in some of the cabins and a couple of entangled male and female legs. You could hear the odd muffled grown but if was hard to distinguish if it was the porn film or contend punters. 'You want to go in?' I asked, 'Sure' replied Lucy. We walked into the tiny booth and I quickly tied the black curtain so no prying eyes could see in. I pressed the start button and the porn film went straight into a hard core fuck session with a Dutch lady taking a very thick black cock deep into her pussy, from behind as she frigged her clit with fingers. I leaned over to Lucy, 'You like' I said in my fake Dutch accent as I removed her raincoat and open her blouse revealing an exquisite 1950's white lace bra. 'Oh yes, I like' replied Lucy, showing absolutely no resistance to my moves. I cupped her firm breasts as our lips met for the first time. We could hear the lady on the porn film get more and more excited, swearing in Dutch as our kisses started to reflect the erotic tension building up in the film.

Lucy started to feel my erection in my trousers and started to unzip my flies, but I stopped her. 'Lucy, I make all the moves, I am in control of you tonight. You do only what I say. Do you understand?' 'Oh yes I understand Master' replied Lucy obviously delighted in the change of direction. 'Now Lucy strip to your bra and panties dear, now'. Suprisingly, considering where we were, in a booth in a Sex Museum in Amsterdam, having met less than hour before she did exactly what I commanded. Everything was going to plan.

So there Lucy stood, in her exquisite 1950's bra and knickers with not a fear in the world. She glanced towards the screen where there was now a close up of the woman with the thick black cock pounding in and out of her cunt, screaming more abuse in Dutch. I slowly rubbed Lucy's panties and felt her dampness seeping through the lace material on my fingers. The film and the surrounding were obviously having an effect on Lucy, just as I had intended. I pulled her panties to one side, exposing her pussy and allowing me to touch her for the first time. 

She was well trimmed, not fully shaved but immaculately groomed as Lucy's general appearance suggested she would be. Her breathing was getting deeper but all of sudden she turned round and noticed that a couple were obviously standing right outside our booth, staring at Lucy's clothes crumpled on the floor. I laughed and kicked Lucy's clothes away from the eyes of the couple standing outside, 'I could ask them to join us' I enquired, 'What ever you desire, Master' replied Lucy, with a glint in her eyes suggesting she would do anything. 'Maybe later' I responded.

The woman on the film had now appeared to have acquired, out of nowhere, an additional long deep dark black cock, that she was now frantically sucking. The other black cock slowly dug deep into her cunt and then almost withdrew and then gently rammed back down as far down as it would go.

'Lucy, please release my release my cock and lick it like that lady on the screen is doing to that guy', she said nothing, just unbuttoned, my trousers letting them slide to the floor. I flicked my shoes off, and she pulled down by trousers. I sat back on the bench and Lucy, with her back to the screen lowered her face to my cock. She dribbled saliva on my manhood first, then rubbed it all over the head, pulling back my foreskin with hand as she started to lick my engrossed bell end. I moved my hands to her panties, exposing her pussy again as I rubbed my fingers, feeling her wetness. 

'You like sucking cock, Lucy', I asked, 'Oh yes master', 'Do you swallow, Lucy', 'I'll do whatever you command, Master' replied Lucy. 'Well I want you to make me cum, Lucy as I will come too quickly if I fuck you now and I want our first fuck to be a success. Besides we have all night'. 'Whatever you desire, Master' and with that she lowered her mouth and started to fuck my cock with her mouth. The threesome on the screen was hotting up. I couldn't see the full screen as Lucy was in the way, but by the sound of it, the Dutch lady was being double penetrated by the sounds she and the two blokes were making.

Lucy continued pumping my cock as I placed two fingers into her pussy. They slipped in so I quickly put a third in and Lucy groaned. She started to fuck my cock faster with her mouth. 'Slow down Lucy please, let me pleasure you as well'. She then removed her mouth from my cock and started to flick her tongue gently against my bell end with the occasional long lick against by shaft. I continued to finger fuck her, imitating the way the black guy had fucked the lady on the video previously, pulling my fingers deep inside and then slowly pulling them right out and then deep in again. This was obviously making Lucy very horny by deep slow moans she was making and by the way she was writhing on my fingers and squeezing her cunt muscles against them as they slowly went deeper inside her. 'OK lets cum together Lucy'. She didn't reply but just dived on my cock, going right down to the base of my balls and then coming straight up, almost pulling out and then diving down'. 

Lucy was also fucking my fingers, ramming herself into my fingers as I started to speed up my finger fucking. I removed one moist finger front her pussy and placed it close to the entrance of her ass, to gauge her reaction. There was no response so I slowly pushed it into her tight asshole and she gave a muffled moan, that send a gorgeous vibration down my shaft. It was too much for me and I could the spunk starting to rise up from my balls. 'Be prepared to swallow, Lucy, another muffled moan followed, which was enough for me to pump a thick goo of hot sticky cum down Lucy's throat which she greedily swallowed. I pumped my fingers deeper into her pussy as another shot of cum shot against the back of her mouth, she swallowed most of it and then came up for air, smiling. She came up and kissed me exchanging, some cum as our tongues exchanged fluids. I pulled my fingers out her dripping wet pussy and lick then and then pushed then into Lucy's mouth, 'Welcome to Amsterdam, Lucy'. 'Thanks you Master' replied Lucy. My plan was working out perfectly.

We go ourselves cleaned up. I told Lucy to just put her bra on underneath her raincoat, which she obediently obliged. She was now going to be walking around Amsterdam semi-naked for the rest of the night. I managed to squeeze her clothes into my briefcase. We said a fond farewell to the rampant Dutch woman and her two black cocks that had now been joined by another woman. We opened the black curtains to the booth and too our mutual surprises were a couple French kissing directly opposite our booth. The man had his hands down the woman's trousers and was obviously playing with her pussy. They looked at us as we walked out and just smiled. We smiled back and the couple went into our vacated booth.

We walked out into the open air from the sex museum and it was good to get a wiff of fresh air. It was dusk now and the streetlights were coming on and there were more bicycles on the streets and a bit more hustle and bustle.

We didn't say a great deal as we walked to one of central plazas. I took Lucy to one of my favourite Coffee Shops. We walked in amongst the three or four spotty English lads who had obviously come to sample the delight of legally smoking cannabis in the 'open'. At the back of the bar were a group of mid 30's men and woman sampling the delights of a bong with some of them looking completely wasted. I went up to the counter and ordered two pre-rolled joints with a nice soft fresh cannabis leaf. I hate hashish as it's too strong and as a non-smoker can feel the hairs on the back of my throat everytime I inhale. I'm not a normal drug user but its one the delights of the intoxicating freedom of Amsterdam to sit outside in one of plazas, having a spliff. So that's what Lucy and I did, with a difference of course!

I was sitting next to Lucy with a big spliff sticking out of my mouth, while my left hand was probing her pussy lips, running up and down the contours of her folds. Lucy was taking in the atmosphere, with a spliff in one hand, the other on the table and people watching as I gently increased my stroked on her pussy. I could feel her getting more and more wet but I had other ideas and as we were now nicely relaxed after our nice and gentle spliffs, it was time to move on.

So we moved on into the red light area. We popped into the Condomerie, the shop that sells all these amazing condoms in incredible shapes and had a good laugh. We then walked along the banks of the canals passed some of the 'Window shops' with the prostitutes trying to sell their bodies. It was still early so there were hoards of tourists just staring in the windows and the woman looked pretty bored, some were reading books, some were talking on their mobiles.

I took Lucy into one of my favourite sex shops next. She was amazed at the huge range of objects for sale. I had my reasons for coming in here, so I purchased an eight-inch thick black dildo and a purple 'rabbit' vibrator, the one with the dick shape at the front for virginal penetration and the little finger for the ass. I also picked up some nipple clamps, a leather blindfold and a tube of lubricant. Lucy didn't say a word. I paid, put the contents of my purchase into my briefcase and of we went.

The next stop was two doors along. It was a very seedy looking place, with 'Sex Show' written in large red letters. The entrance was a box shaped door, with the interior covered in what looked like tin foil, with a silk red curtain across the entrance, with a lady in virtually nothing standing by the entrance. We walked up, I paid the horrendous entrance charge and through the silk red curtains we went.

We entered the room, which was basically tiny, with around 10 rows of seats semi-circling a stage, which had a bed on it. A couple was fucking on the stage, with the woman's legs in a V shape as the man pounded into her. The place was virtually empty and it was hard to see anything, as it was almost pitched black, apart from the light drifting from the stage.

We sat down at the back row and I put the leather mask on Lucy and took off her raincoat. So there she was, sitting in a sex show theatre with nothing on apart from a leather mask and a very exquisite bra! 'We are going to have some fun now Lucy', 'I can tell, Master' she replied.

I soon noticed that two seats away from us were the couple from the sex museum. We smiled again but said nothing. I knew that from now on things could become a little interesting!

I started to rub Lucy's pussy lips as I watched the man on the stage turn the woman over onto all fours. He was just about to enter her from behind when I felt a brush against my arm. I turned to face Lucy, and undoing her bra strap was the lady from the couple we met at the sex museum. I hadn't taken much notice before, but she was very attractive, with long black hair, maybe Spanish, I couldn't tell. 

With Lucy now naked, the dark haired lady was licking Lucy's tits and moulding her breasts. I now had the rabbit vibrator out and started to rub it against Lucy's clit lips as the dark high lady flicked her tongue against Lucy's tits. This went on for a few minutes and I was completely oblivious to the action hotting up on the stage. The dark haired lady then stood up and disappeared to be replaced by her partner, who now had his cock out, fully erect. 'Suck this cock, Lucy' I commanded and pulled her head down to meet her new friend. She went down on it quickly and all I could see was her head bobbing up and down. 

I lifted up Lucy's bum, so that I could wet her asshole with my spit. I then slowly pushed in the rabbit both into her ass and her pussy. A few seconds later I felt a hand unzipping my flies and turning round there was the dark haired lady pulling out my stiffening cock. She lowered her head down and greedily sunk her mouth down onto my prick. I asked Lucy to take over with the rabbit so that I could fully admire the handy work-taking place on my cock. The dark haired women was really going for it, sucking very hard as she rammed her face deep to my balls and then back up again. It wasn't long before I could feel my spunk rising again and I held the dark haired woman's head as I exploded in her mouth. She didn't try and pull away and just swallowed everything, giving me a mischievous smile afterwards!
