 Lucinda Barrett is my girlfriend. Of course, no one calls her Lucinda. She is known as Lucy B. The joke is that it is Lucy B hungry. Lucy B. thirsty. Lucy B. bored. In short, it is all about Lucy. As long as your world revolves around Lucy and keeping her happy, she is your girl.

Now this is not the best situation to be in except for one side benefit. When Lucy isn't whining about something, she is Lucy B. horny. The girl can't get enough. Her appetite for sex in all its forms is prodigious. As she is a drop-dead gorgeous woman, she also is able to attract anyone else she wants to help satiate her appetite. 

That is fine with me. If we are out together and I see another woman that interests me, she'll make the introductions and more likely than not, we'll have her together in bed that night. Conversely, if she sees a guy that interests her, I'll set it up for her.  

We're out clubbing again tonight. The night is getting long and Lucy finally sees a woman that turns her on. She is a long, willowy blond with straight, shoulder length hair and a slender, but shapely body. Her long legs drop down out of a short miniskirt. A blue silk blouse contains her ample breasts.  She has that droopy shoulder look that says she had been an early bloomer. I have found that shy young girls whose breasts develop early tend to take a lot of kidding and some hunched their shoulders forward to de-emphasize their shape. Some never get over it. This girl has that look.

Lucy is about to go over and introduce herself when a second girl shows up. She is shorter by half of a head to her friend. She is striking. Her hair is jet black and hangs straight down to just brushing her shoulder. She has chiseled facial features with high cheekbones and perfect skin. She is slender, lithe, and moves with the grace of a dancer, but not so slender as her friend. She wears a black business suit with a white blouse unbuttoned to the clasp of her bra. Her cleavage practically explodes from the shirt. It has to be a wonder bra, but I don't care. I want her. 

Lucy smiles at me when she sees the lust in my eyes and says, "Wait here. Let me scope them out."

She walks across the dance floor and up to the two beauties. Within minutes they are laughing, sharing drinks, and occasionally caressing each other's bodies. After a short time Lucy points over at me. The two ladies check me out. The three talk for a few more seconds and Lucy waves me over.

I join them at the bar. Lucy introduces me to Sarah, the blonde, and Emily, the brunette. We quickly move to a table.  I'm not sure how she does it, but Lucy herds us all back to the table such that I wind up sitting next to Emily and Sarah sits next to Lucy. I order drinks all around. 

The two ladies are friends that work in the same real estate office. They just closed on a multi-million dollar house and split the commission. They worked hard for the last three weeks bringing the buyer and seller together and were ready to howl. This was the second bar they had been to tonight. They were looking for something unique to celebrate their good fortune and I felt that we might fit the bill. The fact that the brunette was stroking my balls under the table might have clued me in.

We spend the rest of the night talking, laughing, drinking, and dancing. When Lucy takes Sarah out on the dance floor Emily pulls my cock out of my pants under the table and strokes me to a partial erection. When Sarah and Lucy return, Sarah looks down and sees my soldier standing at attention. Her hand replaces Emily's while Lucy goes out to dance with her friend.

A waitress came to bring a new round of drinks. She looks down at my lap, and gives me a wide grin. She asks me if she needs to bring a bunch more cocktail napkins. Sarah looks up and tells her she will clean up any mess that comes up. She licks her lips when she says this. The waitress tells us she gets off at two if we need any help. Sarah says she thinks they have all the help they are going to need tonight.

When Lucy comes back with Emily, all three reach under the table and give me a stroke. Lucy suggests we get a cab back to our place, because we are too drunk to drive. Emily laughs and tells us there is no need as they have a limo waiting for them outside.

They didn't just have a limo; they have a stretch Hummer limo. We all climb in. I run my hand down the crack of Sarah's exposed ass as she climbs up. She lets out a short squeal. 

The inside is very plush. I have been in other limos, but this one is way better. It is wider, taller, and longer than any other limo I'd been in. It also has more beautiful women than I have ever been with in a limo. 

Emily activates the control that closes off the view between the driver and the passengers after telling the driver to cruise around. The three women fall on me at once. In seconds my pants are down around my ankles and three sets of hands and mouths are working me over. They have my shirt unbuttoned and Emily goes to work on my nipples with her tongue. In spite of the copious alcohol, I am beginning to feel a stirring down where Sarah and Lucy are taking turns kissing my cock and each other.

The ladies' clothes come off next. I tug the rest of my clothes off while watching them slip out of theirs. Sarah's body is slender almost to the point of making me wonder if she might have an eating disorder. Her skin is an alabaster white and she is shorn clean of hair between her legs. Her nether lips are very pronounced. I reached down and give them a soft caress. She arches her back and lets out a slow sigh. 

Lucy moves down to between Sarah's legs and starts to kiss the inside of her thighs. Emily shucks out of her business suit and resumes stroking my cock. Her mouth follows her hand and she proceeds to lick and suck the head of my cock. 

While Sarah is pale and thin, Emily has a much fuller figure. Her skin is tanned. Her hips are wide. Her breasts are medium-sized and firm. She pushes me down flat on the seat and climbs on top of me. Her lips wrap around my cock and she starts a piston motion on me. Her slit is right above my head.  Fortunately, she is just the right height and I bury my tongue deep in her without straining my neck. Emily instantly feels the effects of my ministrations. I can tell because she stops sucking me and lets out a soft moan.

She arches her back and pushes her pussy down harder onto my tongue. It makes it hard to breath but her increasing moans and sighs spur me on. I turn my head slightly to check out how Sarah and Lucy are getting along. Lucy's face is buried deep between Sarah's legs. Sarah has a firm grip on Lucy's hair and holds her head firmly in place. Lucy's ass is stuck up in the air at an enticing angle.

I move Emily off of me and have her slide down onto the floor on her back with her head under Lucy's ass. She automatically reaches up with her tongue and licks Lucy's slit. Lucy lets out a muffled squeal. I move between Emily's legs and aim my very erect cock at her pussy. She is so wet I slip in easily. I ram myself in her to the hilt. She cums almost immediately, with a loud scream, and arching of her back. I wait for her to lie back down and I start a rhythmic piston motion. While pushing in and out I lean forward and run my tongue across Lucy's anus.  

She appreciates my gentle probing while Emily sucks on her pussy. We build to an increasing rhythm and all three ladies start to moan, gasp, and sigh. I pound into Emily harder. 

Sarah starts to arch her back and is building to an orgasm.  She clutches harder at the back of Lucy's head. Lucy is feeling the effect of Emily's and my tongue on her nether regions. I rim her harder, which I know will send her over the edge. Sarah starts screaming.  Lucy's body starts bucking. Emily begs me to fuck her harder. I oblige her.

I pound into her harder and harder. She arches her back and wraps her arms around my back. Her fingernails grind into me. I feel my own orgasm coming on. It builds rapidly and I am well past the point of control. I feel my nuts tighten and my sperm comes out in a rush. I thrust deep inside and pump all my orgasm out into her. 

We lay in a big sweaty pile for a few seconds while our breathing returns to normal. Lucy helps Emily up on the seat and crawls between her legs to lick my cum out of her pussy. I move up onto the other seat and Sarah takes my spent cock into her mouth to suck me dry. As much as I want to, the copious alcohol and exertions keep me from achieving a second erection. Sarah has an expert mouth, but it is to no avail. My cock is done for a while. 

I pull Sarah into my arms, caress, and kiss her body. My attention to her nipples brings a quick response. Her breathing starts coming faster and faster. Her hands grip my hair and hold me to her breast. Her nipples become harder and longer.

I have never had a woman cum from just sucking her nipples, but that is what is happening. Sarah begins to moan louder. Her hands hold me harder to her breast. I reach down to her pussy and push a finger deep into her. Her moan becomes a gasp. I use my lubricated finger to rub her clit. Her gasp becomes a scream as she explodes. I bring my finger to my mouth and suck her juices clean. Emily and Lucy lay in each other's arms watching us.

Emily and Lucy take turns attempting to suck me hard, but to no avail. I want it. They want it, but Mr. Happy will have none of it.

It is late. We decide to call it a night. We put on our clothes and the ladies ask the driver to drop us off at our house. We invite them in, but they are as worn out as we are. They walk us to our door and kiss both of us goodnight. Before they walk away, Emily hands me her panties. Not to be outdone, Sarah reaches down, pulls her panties off, and hands them to Lucy. Sarah reaches into her purse and pulls out a matchbook from the club and hands it to me.

She says, "The waitress asked me to give this to you. It has her number written on the inside. Maybe we could all have a party with her sometime. We are going to have to do this again, soon."

We agree on a party for next weekend at our house and exchange numbers.  We watch as the ladies vamp us on the walk back to their limo. 

I plan to eat a lot of oysters between now and then.