 This is a surprise to me, while I have had my fair share of sex, and some of it with hot girls, it had been a while. Me and my mate had been joking at the bar about picking this girl up and sharing her. I didn't share my secret with him that it was the biggest fantasy of mine. It was a fantasy, not because I wanted to be with him, or watch him fucking, but because I wanted to watch the girl. Watch her fuck and suck and let herself go to the situation. I wanted to see her covered in cum, see her lap at our cocks hungrily, to take it in turns opening up her pussy for us. That is what turned me on. The thought of a girl being a complete and utter slut.

Even though we had joked about it with this girl, “Lucy” she told me in her cute british accent, I thought that maybe I would get a bit of a laugh and maybe finger her or feel her tits while she wanked me off in the alley at the back of the pub. She was a hot looking girl, long brown straight hair, intense eyes, perky but not massive tits, her legs were long and her outfit bordered on being a little slutty, her black heels finished off a very hot package. I must admit my groin stirred a little when I saw her. So me and my mate had another beer and he joked about taking her back to my flat and fucking her while he listened outside. This was just banter as we are actually professionals and very respectful of women, but all the same I couldn't help but let the thought linger in my mind as I glanced across at her sipping on her wine.

Anyway, I got up the courage after downing another beer to talk to this hot looking girl, and surprisingly it went better than planned. Anyway....me and my mate and this girl from the UK....Lucy....all left together in a taxi and made it back to my place for another "drink". I had kissed her once,  and her tongue had made its way inside my mouth and i had managed to press my hand to her breast and feel the little nub of her nipple, making my cock stir. I'm sure I had a gallon of pre cum by now as it had actually been weeks since i had had sex, and quite a few days since I had masturbated. I was trying to play it cool, but the way she used her tongue and her soft lips left me wanting more.

I decided to be a little more aggressive once we got to my flat and after my mate went off to the bathroom. In fact in my mind I was already imagining this sweet innocent girl spread eagled on my bed as i pounded away at her tight hot body. Subtle little things had me thinking she may be more naughty than I first thought. Her outfit, the cleavage, the heels, how she was willing to come back to my place with two complete strangers, the deep almost dirty kiss and how she pressed into my groin with her hips, directly over the growing bulge in my pants.

So now in the semi darkness of my flat I press my body against hers squashing her ass against the kitchen bench, she returns the kiss deeply and I suck on her bottom lip and now it is me who presses my hips against her belly, making sure she can feel the now hard cock against her flat belly. I feel her hands around my waist pulling the shirt from the back of my jeans. I cup her left breast and it feels perfect through her dress and bra. I kiss her neck, wanting to undress her badly. I start unzipping her dress and can sense her body tense up and she looks around for my friend. "Don't worry about him" I tell her and before she can respond I put my tongue into her mouth and kiss her deep. Holding her face, I realise I am being a bit too aggressive, but she is responding, spreading her legs a little so her groin presses against my thigh. I move my leg a little so it rubs against her, her crotch feels warm on my leg. I suppress a moan.

I slip the strap of her dress off her shoulder, and then the other shoulder. Her skin is soft, she looks a little vulnerable, her shoulders hunched and her hair spilling freely across her face. But now I feel her hand press against my groin, wrapping her fist around my turgid cock. My mind races, she looks all shy and is wary of my friend seeing us, but here she is a few seconds later putting her hand directly on my cock. This Lucy girl is giving off more and more slut signals and I smile inwardly.

I decide to push things a little further, leaving her dress on with the straps hanging off her shoulders and her bra exposed I cup her ass cheeks and find my way up towards the elastic holding her skimpy briefs around her hips. She doesn't stop me although i feel a little clumsy as I push my thumbs into the waist of her panties and start to pull them down her body. I feel the fabric stretch over the curve of her ass, and feel her hand pressing against my wrist, trying to stop me, but I sense she is half hearted and anyway, my cock is so hard there is no way I am not going to have this girl tonight. Her other hand remains on my cock so I keep pushing her panties off and they fall around her ankles, making me think back to her black shiny high heels, so slutty, but kind of classy at the same time.

My hands now go to her bare ass, and I press my thigh into her groin, her hand is now rubbing along my shaft and she seems to have found my sensitive cock head and she milks it with her finger and thumb, driving me crazy. I can feel the precum on my jocks, hoping she doesn't notice. My hands are massaging her tight butt, her skin silky and smooth. I decide to take things further, and move my hand down between our bodies and up under her short dress. I feel her bald mound for the first time. It is hot and as I reach her slit I discover her wetness and feel her breathing change. I know I have her now as I rub my finger over the hood of her clit, the wet soft tissue yielding under my touch, the hard nub pushing against my finger tip. I suppress a moan, trying to stay cool,while my heart flutters and my mind goes crazy. Our kisses have been deep and full of sexual desire, but now she moves her mouth all over my lips and without speaking urges me on. I sense her legs part further allowing easier access for my fingers, and she now grips my shaft even tighter and gropes for my zip, releasing my tool as she undoes my belt and my pants fall down.

In the back of my mind I am aware my mate is somewhere in the flat and while we have joked about sharing a girl we have never watched each other do anything like this, but while Lucy doesn’t raise the issue, I want to push things further, hoping she will allow him to watch or join us at some point. She has my cock in her small soft hand now and is busily stroking it back and forth as I tease my finger along her dripping wet slit, her folds juicy and hot. Finding the entrance of her pussy I move my finger tip all around and just inside her entrance. She feels quite tight and I am desperate to get my cock inside her.

Resisting the urge to fuck her right on the kitchen bench I am overcome with the desire to taste her sweet bald pussy. I love eating pussy and doing it with her, on my bench, with my mate likely to walk out at anytime has me so turned on. I realise we have hardly spoken, and I don't want to break the spell with words. So I simply push her gently away from me, grab her hips and sit her up on the bench. She immediately moans and I can see a smile flash across her lips. Her eyes, blinking, making my heart flutter. Her panties hang off her left foot, red, silky, and oh such a slutty look as she parts her legs giving me a view up under the skirt of her dress. I immediately get down on my knees, finding that her pussy is now directly in my face, and her tight puckered asshole is on display as she leans back. Her dress by now is scrunched around her waist. Her red bra the only thing covering her perky tits, her legs and ass bare.

I have never met such a sexy dirty girl. I move in close and inhale her sweet musky smell, and my cock throbs and stiffens further. I can't wait to fuck her, hammer her pussy all night long, but first I want to feel her cum on my tongue.  I slowly move forward and lap at her outer lips, a mix of salty and sweet tangy juices meet my tongue, it is the wettest pussy I have ever seen and I can't resist licking her all the way along her slit, I do this back and forth several times teasing her and tasting her, before I circle the tip of my tongue around her wet opening. Her thighs are warm against my ears and i can feel her hands running through my short hair, her hips moving slightly against me, it is difficult to hear but I am imagining her moaning, her legs down my back, a heel digging into my shoulder. I lap and lick at her now, forgetting any pretext of being a gentleman, I just want to make her cum and hear her scream. I start pumping two fingers into her tight hole and feel her hips moving back and forth, ‘oh my what a dirty slut’ I am thinking, and i lap at her clit over and over, feeling more pressure on the back of my head from her hands. I curl my fingers inside her tight hole to rub against the rough folds of her g spot and suck her clit into my mouth and now I do hear her moaning and more juices cover my fingers and I increase my pace and finger fuck her hot tight hole and feel her body shudder against me as she moans in orgasm and tenses her thighs tight around my head almost suffocating me, gradually she relaxes and I slowly remove my fingers, looking at the puddle of her cum on the bench, and giving her bald pussy a final kiss I pull away from her, her legs relax their grip on me.

She drags me up towards her urgently and speaks for the first time in over 40 minutes, "fuck me now" is all she says. Feeling a little confident now I ask her what she wants, wanting her to say those words again, to hear her say fuck, or cock, to beg for me like a slut. "What did you say Lucy?" i ask with a wicked grin on my face. She blinks at me, the lust in her eyes, her hand groping for my cock, she looks down, "I want it" she says more quietly...."want what?" I ask wanting to humiliate her, wanting her to show me she is a slut... "say the words" I say.....she bites her lip, and I can see her mind trying to work out what to say, but her pussy takes over and she quietly mumbles "I want your cock.....now".

More confident I step forward...."You are a little slut aren't you" I tease her, hissing the words, I love watching her squirm and now she has her hand on my balls and she is fondling them and gripping my cock with her other hand, pulling it towards her legs which are spread open. "Look at your gaping wet pussy, your legs spread like a whore, you cheap dirty slut, you want my thick cock banging you on my bench, don’t you?" You look at me as if I have slapped you across the face and all you can do is nod, closing your eyes in embarrassment, you continue stroking my shaft, and circling your thumb over my cock head, massaging the pre cum into the eye of my throbbing penis. I take another step forward and you use your hand to guide the red mushroom head of my cock towards your glistening opening.

I stare at you, looking you in the eye. "Here it comes slut" i sneer at you and push my hips forward so my cock penetrates you, not all the way in, but a good four inches, stretching and filling you, you exhale hard and I withdraw my cock, before you catch your breath I shove harder into you, lifting your ass off the hard bench, withdrawing again I now move slowly back and forth in you, enjoying your wet tight pussy. I reach behind your back and unclip your bra, releasing your breasts, I stare at them, not caring if I am being rude, your dress, still bunched around your waist, legs pushed out wide and hanging in the air, perfect puckered pink nipples, head thrown back as you finally feel my cock hitting deep up near your cervix.

"You like that cock?" i ask between thrusts, you nod and moan, "Oh yes". Remembering my friend is somewhere around I call out to him. "ROB, get your ass out here and take some photos of this shit, this bitch loves cock and I want to catch some memories of how slutty she is looking right now" The words appear to sting you, making your mouth drop open, I can't look at you at that moment, hoping I haven't gone to far. However I feel you pussy clench and tighten around my cock as I say the words. I decide not to allow you to think about it too much so I carry on thrusting my rock hard thick cock into you, pulling your hips close to the edge of the bench, which is a perfect height for my tall frame to pound you, using my legs to leverage in and out of your now sopping wet hole.

Rob appears topless and just in a pair of boxer shorts, "Shit man, wow, you are right, she is a slut"...and then he looks across at you, "hi" he says grinning at you. Your mouth is a mix of confusion and furrowed brow as you try to control yourself as my cock bangs in and out of you. I can't tell if you are angry but you dig your nails into my shoulders and grip me tight as I fuck you, leaning back, your tits exposed. Rob forgets any idea of taking pictures and moves in close, not close enough to touch me, he takes one of your perky C cup breasts in his hand and leans down and starts lapping and sucking on your nipple. I watch you respond. "Fuck me harder" you mouth at me.

I oblige with your request, holding your left leg up in the air so i can grind my cock deeper into you. Rob slathers your nipples in saliva and I watch as he nibbles and sucks on your breasts and nipples in turn. I watch and moan as your nipples become even more engorged and erect. Your hand drifts down to your clit and you rub it, your leg up on my shoulder and I watch my cock disappearing into your tight hole. I feel my orgasm growing and I want you to cum with me. "Rob this girl is such a little slutty thing, she is rubbing her clit and loving the way you are working her tits man, her pussy is so tight and wet, she takes it like a real slut, I think we should fuck her all night long man" I feel you grip my cock in your pussy as i spit out the words, you moan and as I pump into you again you release and your second orgasm hits you, throwing your head back I watch as your mouth gapes open and your chest heaves. My cock swells and burns and I pump a massive big load of cum right high up inside you, moaning as I spill my seed, six, seven big spurts of jizz empty out of me. My legs feel a little weak, but I don’t stop thrusting until we both come down from our orgasms.

I withdraw my cock slowly from you, watching as Rob strips off his pants, this is a little awkward as we have never been naked together, but I am so turned on at this point I don’t care. "Hey Rob, you want to take a shot at that pussy?, I wanna see how she sucks cock, lets get her over to the couch". I pull you off the edge of the bench, watching the cum trickle down your leg, not even allowing you to make a choice about taking Rob's cock. We move to the couch and Rob bends you over the arm of the couch as I sit on it, my groin directly in line with your face. Rob takes your hands and holds them behind your back, I watch as you part your legs and I can see the moment he enters you on your face, a half grimace, half sigh of relief to have something hard back in your pussy. At that moment I know you truly are a slut. I hold my prick up in the air and without hesitation your mouth is sucking and licking our mingled juices off my semi hardness. I push your head down, you almost lose balance as he rails into you from behind, your arms restrained behind your back. You look so helpless, yet your slurp on my cock lapping at it and kissing along my veiny shaft. Your breasts swaying under you, shuddering with the rhythm of his hard thrusts.

I lean back and close my eyes. Listening to the hot sounds of his balls slapping against you, your wet juices, the noise of you slurping on my shaft, Rob breathing heavy. I feel your silky hair and your head bobbing up and down on my stiffy. My mind begins to race with all the thoughts of my fantasies, what I would do with a slut girl, how I would fuck her over and over, cum all over her, treat her like a cum whore just for my pleasure. Maybe tonight will be the night. Lucy might be the slut I have been looking for....

I open my eyes, finding your mouth buried deep over my cock, My hands drift to your breasts which hang down in front of you. Your tongue wrapping around my shaft is driving me crazy and I move my hips back and forth to feel the friction of your stretched lips on me. I look down your long spine, your muscles tensing as you move your head, and your body shuddering with every thrust of Rob's cock inside you. I watch him hammering his hips forward, your hot ass globes, high in the air. He has your arms pinned behind your back and it looks so hot, seeing the curve of your hips, your body looks so built for hard fucking.

I pull on your hair and grip a breast in my hand, your flesh so soft and pliant.I am enjoying this but now you have my cock rock hard again I am feeling a little passive, sitting back on the couch while you get pummeled from behind. I pull your mouth from my cock and watch the thread of saliva drip onto your chin, such a turn on, so dirty. Instead of sitting back on the couch, I kneel in front of you, so my cock is directly in front of you, glistening with your mouth juices. I rub my fat prick across your lips and cheek. "You like two cocks Lucy?, want to be our slut Lucy? Want to feel some big fat meat inside your ass and mouth Lucy?" I tease you, hoping the use of your name will make you realise you are not an innocent girl anymore, you are under our control, our little play thing.

Rob is rocking back and forth in you and I can hear the sloppy noises from your wet pussy. I direct your mouth to my cock and watch as you lap along the vein running the length of my shaft. I moan and grip your head and force my cock into your waiting mouth, you slurp and suck me and I watch my knob press against your cheek, pushing it out as you try to fit my manhood in your tiny slutty mouth. I watch your eyes widen as i thrust into you, my balls slapping your chin, a tear running down your cheek. You move your head back away from me, before Rob slams your whole body forward again with his big hard manly thrusts. I am sure he is splitting you in two with his hard fucking, watching him gripping your hips hard, his legs moving powerfully, he is grunting like an animal. I watch your breathing quickening and you now move your lips back and forth on my shaft, he releases your hands and you use them to prop up your upper body as it shudders and moves.

Fluid from your mouth runs down your chin and over my balls and you moan into my cock as Rob screams out "I'm gonna cum in her pussy, FUUUUCCCKK" he screams as I watch your face, seeing you blink and moan and suck me hard, making my own body shake with desire. I am amazed at how you continue to suck and lick me as you feel his cum hitting your cervix. I watch as Rob pulls his hard red angry cock from you and blasts more of his cum along your back and over your ass. This causes you to let my cock fall from your mouth with a plop and you look around, reaching back and trying to push his cock back into your dripping wet pussy hole. "More" you croak, "more cock, please" You thrust your ass high in the air, looking back at me I decide to oblige your request. "Come and sit on me babe, and ride my cock" I say to you as I sit back on the couch and pull your body towards me. You need no further encouragement and quickly straddle my hips. "So fucking desperate for cock isn’t she?" i say to Rob. You look down between us and grope for my cock, holding it up between your legs in your hand, I watch your hair spill over your face, biting your lip, and lining my cock up with your dripping wet pussy. I can see the wetness glimmering off your thighs and Rob's cum running down your leg.

I am too turned on to worry about mixing his juices onto my cock and watch your face as you lower onto me. I feel the heat of your pussy on my cock head, and the slick wetness as your face shows concentration and desire, your nostrils flaring, your eyes closed, the dark long lashes, your sweet breasts moving slightly with your rapid breathing. The first inches of my cock now feel wrapped up in the heat of your groin, feeling you stretch and lower your hips down on me. You release my shaft with your hand and squat further down onto me, taking me to the hilt and putting your hands on my shoulders. I look down your body between your legs. I can see your pussy lips spread around me and my prick disappearing in you, your shapely creamy thighs spread wide so you can fully impale yourself on my steel rod. I bend forward to suck on a nipple. Rob moves in behind you and rubs his softening wet cock against your back and kisses your neck.
