 A Visit from my kids

**********

This is an ongoing series and you should read the prior chapters.

**********

It was late in the morning when we finally opened our eyes. We kissed and I asked Luisa how she was. She said a little sore but nothing else and we laughed.

We got out of bed and headed to the kitchen for breakfast. Just then the phone rang. I answered and it was my daughter, Gabby. She said she and her brother were coming down next month for a visit. I told her I would pick them up at the airport. Then, we hung up.

Luisa asked if everything was ok as I turned white. I told her everything was fine but I had to tell her something.

"Luisa, when my daughter was in her twenties, she was engaged and a week before the wedding the guy dumped her. She was devastated. My wife was out of town and my daughter came to me. Somehow and I don't remember how, but I wound up fucking her. To make matters worse, my son saw me as my cock was sliding in and out of her cunt until I came in her. He not only threatened to tell his mother but the prick took pictures of me fucking my daughter."

"Tony, that must have been terrible for you." Luisa said.

I continued, "There is more. From that day on, my son blackmailed his sister and me and he controlled us sexually. 

From then on, we had no choice. When my wife died, it should have ended but it had become a way of life and he still had those pictures. 

To this day, whenever the opportunity arises, the three of us fuck together. I am so ashamed."

Luisa looked at me, then hugged and kissed me and comforted me telling me it was ok. Then she said to me. 

"Tony, I have my own secrets that I must tell you. As I told you, my husband and I used to swing and our kids never knew. One of our rules was that we never fucked someone without the two of us present."

I told her I understood.

She continued. "One day my kids were out for the day and my husband was away and I invited a guy I knew from swinging to come over. He had a huge cock and I was so horny. Anyway, I was on my bed on all fours and the guy had his cock buried in my ass, pounding away. My tits bouncing around and I was ready to cum and I looked at my bedroom doorway and there were my adult kids watching their mother getting her ass fucked by a stranger. I should have stopped then but I told the guy to fuck me harder and to cum in my ass. I didn't care that they were watching. The guy finally shoots his load in me and I have multiple orgasms. As soon as they stopped and the guy pulled his cock out, I ran to my kids."

She continued. "The kids were crying and calling me all sorts of names. Once things quieted down, I had to tell them everything... and I mean everything. Eventually, the kids said they understood however, they too used my lapse in judgement to blackmail me, as yours did to you. When my husband died, my son slept in my bed and fucked me all the time. So you see, we are in the same boat."

I looked at her, then hugged and kissed her and told her we would work things out.

We finished breakfast and went out for a drive to a place I knew where we could sort things out.

I parked the car and we went for a walk along the trail.

Luisa asked what I was going to do when my kids visited us next month.

I told her that she is sleeping in my bed, period. I got a big smile out of her when I said that.

Then I told her that the kids could each have a bedroom or they could sleep together and that will be their choice. Lastly, I told her that the family fucking is over and if they don't like it, they can leave.

Luisa smiled and told me that she loved me and I told her I loved her. Then we stopped at a spot that had a beautiful view of the countryside.

I looked at her, smiled and said, "Luisa, I love you. I always have and you were never out of my mind. I lost you once and I don't want to lose you again. You now know my secrets and I hope you can forgive me. Will you marry me?"

Luisa was stunned. "Tony, from the first time we made love, I wanted to be with you. And now that we have found each other after all these years and you know my secrets and accept me and you still ask me to marry you, how can I say no. Of course I will marry you."

We hugged and kissed for what seemed like forever.

Then I said, "Let's go and tell Diane. When do you want to get married?"

We got back to the car and drove to Diane. We rang the bell and went in.

Diane looked at us and said, "What's going on you two?"

Luisa hugged and kissed her as Diane stood with a quizzical look on her face. Then Luisa said, "Tony asked me to marry him and I said yes."

Diane looked at me and then came over and hugged and kissed me.

I told Diane that my kids were coming next month and we could do it then. Luisa said she will call her kids with the news and ask them to come down for the wedding.

Luisa and I called our kids and somehow managed to pick a day that was agreeable to everyone.

Diane helped making all the arrangements and in two weeks time, everything was set.

Sleeping arrangement would be decided when the kids arrived. Luisa suggested that my kids could stay in one guest bedroom and Luisa's kids could stay in the other guest bedroom since privacy wasn't an issue for any of them.

I agreed with her and that was settled.

Finally, the week of the wedding arrived. My kids arrived first. Luisa and I picked them up at the airport and I made the introductions. When we got to my place, I told the kids that they would be sharing a bedroom. They said they were ok with that.

They quickly settled in and we all relaxed on the patio. Luisa was a gracious host and before we knew it, it was time to go for dinner.

Dinner was fine and we all had some wine and everything went well. 

After dinner, we continued our conversations on the patio. I asked if anyone wanted use the hot tub. Gabby said she did but didn't bring a bathing suit. Luisa looked at her and said she didn't need one since we were all family anyway. I looked at Luisa and tried to figure out what she was up to 

Gabby got up and stripped naked and got in. Then my son got up and got naked and joined his sister.

I was still perplexed by Luisa's actions but didn't say anything.

After a few minutes, Luisa excused herself and disappeared.

About an hour later, Luisa reappeared. She pulled me to her whispered, "Your problem with your son is history."

I looked at her, not knowing what she meant.

It started getting late and time to turn in. When Luisa and I got into bed I asked her, "What the hell were you thinking in telling them to get naked in the hot tub?"

Luisa laughed and said, "Didn't you tell me your son was a big shot in his local church and well respected at his work and in the community?"

I told her yes.

Then, she gave told me her cell phone and told me to check out the pictures in the gallery. I started looking and there were pictures of my son, nude in the hot tub with his nude sister.

Luisa then said, "What do you think would happen to your son if people saw these pictures?"

I looked at her and smiled and we made exhausting love the whole night.

The next morning, I pulled my son aside and we had a talk. By the time we finished, his face was as white as a ghost. He knew his hold on me was over forever. He promised to destroy the pictures and I told him I am not destroying his, just in case.

When I saw Luisa, I gave her the ok sign...