 Another busy lunch crowd in Nancy's section today. She was working her ass off as usual, waiting tables and making sure her regulars were well taken care of. They always asked for her section, sometimes waiting even when there were open tables in other sections. She smiled in spite of her weariness. I am damn good, she said to herself. 

Most of her usual customers were middle aged men from nearby office buildings. Most of them tried to flirt with her, and she was always cordial, but really wasn't interested. It wasn't that she didn't like men at all. She was just choosy, and there was little about these well-worn good-providers that compelled her to consider choosing them.

She did, however, like to spend a little extra time with the professional women, especially when they came in wearing designer outfits. She harbored a secret longing to wear things like that at her own job, a deep-seated need to feel as sexy at work as she was sure they did. She especially envied those who wore personally-tailored designer dresses, clingy and revealing without being trashy. Nancy imagined she would wear a lacy garter and stockings underneath such a dress for an added boost of sensuality. 

Janice was one of the professional women in the restaurant today. She was always friendly to Nancy, but today she and her co-workers seemed to be in an extra good mood. Much younger than Nancy, Janice was a glamorously pretty blonde whose blue, tear-drop eyes and full lips were a warm invitation for any eye to drift down and take in her large breasts and long legs. She was wearing a navy blue designer dress today, very tight-fitting over her young curves, and shorter than might have been strictly professional. When she sat down, it slid up her shapely thighs. Nancy had already seen the top of her black stockings. She knew there was a garter belt there, and took a vicarious thrill from the demonstration of bold sexiness. 

Nancy herself was about forty-five, but looked ten or even fifteen years younger. Soft, light-brown hair and softer eyes which almost matched her hair in shade, she took good care of herself. Not like the designer women who had personal trainers and exclusive health clubs, she just worked hard and liked it. She liked the results of her hard work, too. Nor was her admiration limited to her well-defined lean musculature and toned waist. Sometimes, just after coming out of the shower, she would look at herself in the big mirror in her bathroom. And sometimes, her hands would drift to her breasts, and she would watch as she played with them. She had to say, they looked good.

As the lunch hour crush started to ebb off, the crowd thinned out and headed back to their offices. Nancy was starting to count out her tips when a young, dark-haired man came into the restaurant and stood at the hostess station. She looked up expectantly as he simply continued talking on his cell phone.

"Yeah, I'll pick up some champagne for when you home, we can celebrate the promotion," he was saying. 

Nancy continued to watch as the manager seated him in a booth by the window. The young man was wearing a brown leather bomber jacket, blue jeans and a button down blue shirt. He opened the jacket and she noticed his slim waist. She couldn't help but move her gaze even lower. She caught herself. "What the hell am I doing," she muttered to herself. "I need to get laid. It's been way to long. Now I'm looking at a kid not even half my age!" Then she smiled. Maybe that's not all bad, she mused.

She brought the menu and coffee over to him, just as he closed his cell. He looked up.

"Hey there," he beat her to the greeting. "What's good?"

Nancy smiled. I am, she thought to herself. "Depends what you're in the mood for." She handed him the menu. "Coffee?"

He nodded and she poured a cupful. "I like to be surprised," he said with another smile. Nice teeth and very nice lips. 

Nancy caught herself licking her own lips. "Oh then, you should definitely try the meatloaf. It's really a surprise meat."

He laughed. "Actually, I think I'll start with dessert. How's the pie?"

"Apple is to die for," Nancy said. 

"Sold."

Nancy laughed. "You're easy."

She was flirting, and having fun doing so. She tossed her head back, her ponytail flipping around. He noticed. She turned to walk back to the kitchen, and she could feel his eyes on her ass. She eased a little more hip motion than usual into her walk. 

Nancy's mind wandered as she cut the young man a slice of apple pie. It had been a long time since her last orgasm. It had been by her own hand, of course, because that was always better for her. Her fantasies provided plenty of stimulation, and they had been very active lately. She thought back to how good Janice's legs had looked today, and how the blonde business-woman had smiled at her. It had seemed to Nancy that Janice had been looking at her cleavage a lot today. She absently ran her fingers over her buttons on her blouse as she remembered those blue eyes and their lingering glances at her womanly form. She was glad Janice had noticed. Her new push-up bra did help bring her already attractive breasts to full-attention. She herself had admired the effect as she was dressing earlier. 

At the same time, she was thinking about the stranger. The young man was definitely what girls more his own age would call, "a hottie." Nancy had not been with a man that much younger since she herself had been a young woman. She could only imagine the stamina of his youth meeting the passion of her experience… She sighed loudly.

Her own sigh grabbed her attention, and Nancy realized that she better get back with the pie. 

"Thanks Nancy," the young man said as she placed it in front of him.

She was startled. How did he know her name? 

He saw the look in her face, and pointed to her left breast. Shocked, Nancy looked down, wondering if she was hanging out too much. She sighed softly when she realized he was pointing at her nametag.

"I really do like dessert," the young customer said, his eyes shifting over to her right breast, where it was certainly no name tag he was examining.

"Do you now?" Nancy asked, cocking her hip to one side. She was pleased to see his eyes respond by appropriately tracing her curves.

"Oh yes," he continued, "My friends tell me I'm a picky eater." His gaze met hers, and, he was smiling – from his perfect mouth to his glittering, hazel eyes, and one dimple in his adorable left cheek.

"Picky, huh?" Nancy broke the eye-contact, just long enough to further inspect his physique before returning, to see that his own eyes were caressing every inch of her exposed skin. She shivered.

"I only like the good, sweet stuff," he further explained, his sultry examination pausing at her lap area, before rising to rest on her enhanced cleavage

"I bet your mother taught you better than that," Nancy returned, blushing a bit as she subconsciously inhaled to lift her breasts to prominence.

"Keep my mom out of our sex talk," he laughed. 

Nancy couldn't help but laugh right along with him. This guy was a charmer. Not subtle, but a charmer.

"So what happens after the lunch crowd?" he asked.

What was he implying? "I go home and eat bonbons," she replied glibly.

"I have a whole pantry full of bonbons at my place," he said, leaning back in the booth, and spreading out his arms along the back to show off his chest muscles. "I'm Woody." She couldn't help but glance down below his waist again. "Nice to meet you Nancy."

"Are you trying to get me into your pantry?" She was solidly in flirting-back mode now.

"I think we can find a more comfortable area," Woody said, taking a bite of his pie. "So, when should I pick you up after work?"

"Three o'clock." Did she really just blurt that out? Before she could reconsider or even think about whether she wanted to reconsider, Nancy turned and walked back to the kitchen. She had other customers to take care of. After she refilled coffee and brought the checks to her other tables, she turned back toward Woody's booth. He was gone. Her face clouded by disappointment, she walked slowly over. When she looked at his dishes, though, her face lit up. There was a hundred dollar bill, with a note.

"3:00," was all it said. She looked at her watch. It was 2:40. Holy crap. She wrapped up her work hastily. At first she was hurrying to get ready for Woody. Then she was hurrying just to have time to think straight. But then she realized that she was well-passed thinking – straight or otherwise. And she was back to hurrying to get ready for Woody. Just like that, she was heading out the door at five to three. As she was unlocking her car door, a red Dodge Viper pulled up next to her. 

"Hey, Nancy," said Woody. 

His smile was too much. Any hesitation she may have had at a rendezvous with this young stranger melted away in the electricity of that smile. 

When she didn't immediately respond, the young man added, "Ready for some bonbons?"

Nancy felt herself dampen at the sound of his voice and its unmistakable expression of desire for her.

In a flash, still with no response from her, Woody was out of his car, and leading her by the hand around to the passenger side, then opening the door. She sat down wordlessly, pulling her skirt down lower on her thighs as he jumped back into the driver's seat, shut the door, and took off. 

"You're not a serial killer, are you?" she asked, wondering if maybe he really was. He was too perfect.

"Too late now, isn't it," he smiled. God, she was outright wet. She crossed her legs, her excitement building. They were at his place in no time. It was a very big house with a three car garage. He pulled up to the front entrance, and got out to open her door, helping her out. She held his hand. She was trembling, not with fear, but with building excitement. He stepped closer to her, pressing her gently against the car as he leaned down to kiss her. She closed her eyes and their lips came together, softly at first, then harder. Their tongues mingled. He pulled away.

"Drink?"

"Hell yes," she said, hoping it would calm her down some. She needed the edge taken off. They went into the house, and it was beautiful, nicely appointed with a lot of artwork. He took her hand, leading her up the winding staircase to the split-level loft that overlooked the great room. As he climbed, Nancy watched his ass through his tight jeans. God, she wanted to see him naked. 

They reached a large, dimly-let bedroom with a king size canopy bed in the center of the room. Woody went to the bar in the corner and came back with a two glasses with a clear liquid over ice. She took a sip. It was perfect, Stoli Orange. She hummed with satisfaction. They both drank without taking the time to savor, and Nancy started to feel warm and comfortable already. Woody took the glass from her hand and put them both on the table. Moving closer, he kissed her again and she returned it with even greater intensity. Nancy's hands caressed his back and moved down to his ass. Woody's hands were rubbing the small of her back, one of her personal erogenous zones. They both moaned as their tongues entwined. 

Nancy's hands then moved to his chest, working their way down to his hard abs, and rested at the waistline of his jeans. With a twinkle in her eyes, she unbuttoned them. He unbuttoned his shirt and pulled it off. His chest was so muscular. She unzipped him. She could feel his bulge now. It was much bigger than it had appeared in the restaurant.

Pushing him back on the bed, she pulled his jeans down. He didn't have underwear on, and his semi hard cock sprang out as she pulled his jeans all the way off. She knelt before him, taking the rod in her hand. It began to harden to its full length. It was thick, with an already-glistening head. She licked her lips. Choosy about men or not, she loved sucking cock, and it had been so long. She took the head into her mouth, her hands moving lower to caress his shaved balls. 

Mmmmm, the feeling of a hard cock in her mouth. She loved it. He was so stiff and thick. She began working her tongue over his shaft, even as she pulled off her own blouse and wriggled out of her skirt. Her moisture was soaking through her panties, and she pulled them down as well, her shaved pussy glistening in the low light. Woody sat up and undid her bra, pulling it off while he caressed her breasts. Her nipples got hard instantly, and she ached for his touch, but she pushed against his chest and shoved him back onto the bed. She wanted to suck this cock. It turned her on so much to have a bulging, throbbing man in the small, wet cavern of her mouth. His hips were pushing up toward her lips, and she worked his cock deeper into her throat, slowly, waiting for the gag reflex to relax. Up and down the shaft she went, with each thrust moving deeper. Even when not built up by all the flirting and ogling of the day, Nancy was a woman who could easily orgasm, and she could feel one building already, just from sucking the young man's cock. The deeper she took it in her throat, the more turned on she became. Woody was moaning, his cock growing even harder. She could tell he was getting close, and that just turned her on more.

"Ohh, I just knew you would be so good, Nancy," cooed a female voice behind her.

What the hell? It sounded so familiar. Nancy quickly pulled him out of her mouth, and spun around towards the voice.

"Oh baby, please don't stop. Can't you see he needs it?" It was Janice from the restaurant; standing in the doorway. She was gorgeous in her blue designer dress and sunglasses. She had reached one hand under her dress, pulling the hem up to her waist in front. She was glamorous even when she was acting like a base, sexual animal. Nancy could see her black garter straps, and noticed that the pretty blonde wasn't wearing any panties. She had been rubbing her pussy. She moved to Nancy and used her free hand to push the waitress's head back down. Woody's cock was at her lips, so she instinctively opened them to take him back in. 

"Suck that big cock, Nancy," Janice encouraged, "I want to see you take it all in."

So many thoughts were going through her head, so many sensations coursing through her veins. Nancy was unbelievably turned on, but everything was so strange. She was intoxicated not only by the attractiveness of the two, but also by the nature of this unusual encounter. Suddenly she felt a hard slap on her ass.

"Suck it deep, I said!" Janice demanded.

Another slap on her ass cheek from Janice's soft hand. This discipline turned Nancy on even more. She took Woody's cock all the way down her throat. She squeezed his balls. She could feel her own orgasm approaching again, even more rapidly. But suddenly, as if he too sensed it, Woody pulled away from her. He crawled up into a kneeling position on the bed, looking at Janice.

"Help me with this, honey," said Janice. The blonde turned around, and pointed at the zipper on her dress. Nancy scooted toward her and helped the other woman out of the tailored garment. She then smoothly unsnapped Janice's bra as the two turned to face each other. Nancy's eyes dropped to the other woman's beautiful globes. They were natural, with small pink nipples that were very hard. The waitress's hands reached out and caressed them. They felt so good, even better than her own. Janice moaned at her touch. Nancy squeezed, and her thumbs brushed over the hard nipples. Janice moved closer and kissed Nancy. Their breasts came together as they pulled each other even closer, Nancy sucking the younger woman's tongue gently at first, then harder.

Janice gently moved Nancy back to the bed, and sat her on the edge. She leaned down, kissing her lips hard, her hands running up and down the older woman's body. Woody knelt behind Nancy, and he reached around to rub the waitress's tits roughly, pulling at her hard nipples between his fingers. She could feel his hard cock at her back as his arms encircled her. The hardness of Woody's cock, the softness of Janice's mouth… The two sensations at the same time were incredibly exciting. Nancy felt as if she was leaving a puddle on the bed, she was so turned on.

Janice's hands ran down Nancy's thighs, as she kissed her neck and shoulders. The blonde moved lower, sucking on the other woman's breasts, her lips and tongue on Nancy's hard nipples a gentle salve after Woody's pinches. God, it felt so good. Janice knew how to take care of a woman. She continued moving down Nancy's body, prying the willing waitress's legs apart and kissing down her belly. 

"Mmmm, Nancy, I love a smooth pussy," moaned Janice. The young business woman began to circle her older lover's pussy lips with kisses, her adroit tongue darting in and out. "And soooo wet! You taste incredible."

Nancy was in heaven. A beautiful blonde was licking her pussy while a handsome young man pressed his own intentions. She lay down and threw her head back as enjoyed Janice's tongue pressing into her hard clit. Woody slapped his cock on her tits, and then he brought it back up to her mouth. She hungrily licked and sucked him, pushing her pussy into Janice's face at the same time. This time there was no stopping her orgasm. She sucked Woody deeper, and could feel him growing even harder. It was too much, and she squeezed her thighs around Janice's head as her body throbbed and convulsed. Woody's cock shot a big load of cum into her mouth at the same time, and she swallowed as much as she could, while still trying to catch her breath from her own orgasm.

Janice was smiling, her wet face between Nancy's legs. She moved up the waitress's body as she pushed Nancy back on the bed. Janice's body was now on top of Nancy. They kissed deeply Janice tasting Woody's cum from Nancy's mouth, and Nancy tasting her own wetness on Janice's lips and tongue. She was already turned on again. This was going to be an eventful evening.