 You called me from work around 10:30am and asked how my day was going. I told you it was going fine and that I missed you.

"I'll be home around 12:00, so 'be ready'" you tell me. I know what that means and I can't wait.

"See you soon baby..." I tell you before we hang up.

"Okay see you in awhile...love you." you tell me hanging up.

I go into our bathroom and turn the shower on adjusting the water just the way I like it, nice and hot. I undress and step into the shower, grabbing the soap I soap a rag and slowly run it all over my body, my tits, my nipples are already getting hard. I wonder what you are up too.

When you tell me 'be ready' I know you're up to something and it will be something great and something I won't soon forget.

I rub and pinch my nipples, "Yes" I moan out loud, feels good baby. How did you know I was horny.

I've been very horny for the past few days, wanting you all the time. I have been a "naughty girl", and playing while your at work. I continue to soap myself up, my belly, my legs, back up my thighs, to my pussy. I can feel myself getting wet already. I rub my pussy, slipping two fingers inside of myself. Oh yes, love playing with my pussy, especially in front of you because I know you love to watch me.

I quickly shave my legs and then take the razor to my tight little pussy. In a few minutes, my pussy is bare just the way we both like it. I finish showering and get out of the shower and dry off. I walk into our bedroom and remake our bed with clean sheets and quilts. I light scented candles, and then get dressed in a sexy outfit, a short black lace gown with matching panties.

I put on the perfume you like me to wear, I put some relaxing music on the CD player and lay back on the bed. 

I know I'm supposed to wait for you to get home, but I just can't help myself. I start to rub my tits, feeling my nipples getting hard, wishing you were with me, licking and sucking on them.

It feels good when you do that baby, god I am so horny. I can't wait for you to get home.

I reach into the bedside table and find the realistic vibrator, I bring it to my mouth and I gently suck on it, wishing it were your hard cock. I lick it all over, slowly, then taking the head into my mouth and sucking on it, flicking my tongue all over it. I slide it deeper into my mouth just like a real cock. I love sucking your cock baby, love the taste and the way it feels in my mouth, so hard. My other hand goes down to my pussy, rubbing on the outside of my panties. Oh yes, my naked pussy feels so good, I rub myself a bit faster, as I continue to suck the vibrator in and out of my hot wet mouth. I feel my pussy getting sopping wet thru my panties, I've been a naughty girl and played alone again. I pull my panties aside and take the vibrator and turn it on low and rub it across my wet pussy, teasing myself, making myself so hot and turned on. Wanting you here with me. 

"Oh yes..." I moan out loud. I slip it between my wet pussy lips, up and down my slit, before slowly slipping in into my pussy. I am already so wet, I slip it in a little at a time, deeper and deeper. I like our toys but I'd rather you were here with me baby, wanting to watch and feel you eating my hot, wet pussy. I want to feel you licking me as you finger my pussy, making me moan and begging you not to stop. 

I'm in my own little world as I fuck myself with the vibrator. I reach for our other toy and take it out and bring it to my mouth, wanting to suck it just like I suck your hard cock. I lick the balls, as I fuck my pussy. I work my way to the head of the cock and take it into my mouth.

Wanting to be sucking your hard cock while you fuck my pussy with the vibrator. I suck the toy, deeper and deeper in my mouth, as I fuck my tight wet pussy. I need you so bad baby, need to suck your cock, licking your balls and stroking your cock making you moan.

I'm moaning around the cock in my mouth as I fuck myself faster and harder, "oh fuck me baby..." I'm so close to cumming. I want to feel you fucking me, deep and hard making me cum, feel you filling my pussy with your cum. Hearing you telling me how good it feels. Just thinking of this makes me climax so hard, making me shake "Yes..fuck yes,.."

My orgasm is so intense I don't realize you have walked into the room, I open my eyes and notice you standing at the end of our bed watching me.

You have a wicked smile on your face, "You've been naughty again..." you tell me walking around to my side of the bed.

"How long have you been there?" I ask innocently.

"Long enough..." you tell me as you get undressed, your cock is getting hard, oh I just want to suck your cock.

"can I suck your cock baby?" I ask reaching for your cock.

"No...not yet..." you tell me, "You've been a bad girl..."

"yes I have..." I confessed, looking up at you. "I know I should have waited for you to come home..." I tell you as you take both of the toys and put them back in the drawer.

"I couldn't help myself baby, just the thought of you coming home to play in the middle of the day made me so hot..."

"You have to be punished..." you tell me, turning towards the bedroom door.

"Come in..." you say as a man walks in. "This is Gary from work, I told him how much you love sucking cock." You tell me as you grab the bottom of my gown and pull it over my head, you drop it to the floor and reach down and rub my pussy, noticing how wet I am. "Wet panties...nice..." you say as you slip them off of me and drop it beside my gown. I'm naked in front of a strange man. I wonder how that makes you feel.

"Don't be shy...get undressed... she and I have already talked about doing this...she just didn't know when we were going to do it." You tell Gary.

"Hi" I say as he starts to get undressed. Gary looks a bit nervous but starts to get undressed.

"Get down in front of him and suck his cock..." you tell me helping me to my feet. 

Gary finishes getting undressed, he slowly strokes his cock. 

"Are you sure baby???" I ask wanting to know it is okay.

"yes, just this once...do as you are told..." you say as you lay down on our bed and get comfortable.

We are at the side of the bed, so you can see everything.

"Do it...suck his cock...just like you do mine...make him moan..." you tell me.

I go to my knees as I look at you, you nod your approval. I reach up and slowly stroke his cock. "Go on baby...take care of him..." you tell me.

I lick his balls, slowly taking my time as I continue to stroke his cock. I lick and sucked on his balls, massaging them with my tongue, swirling my tongue over them. "Yeah..." I hear Gary moan as I stroke his cock. I can see you watching me, watching every move I make as you stroke your cock. "Oh she's good..."Gary tells you as I lick my way back up his cock, flicking my tongue across the head of his cock.

"I told you she was good...she's the best...and will do as I say, no questions asked..." you tell him.

I take the head of his cock into my mouth, sucking on the head ,stroking his cock at the same time. I was getting so turned on knowing you were watching me suck another man's cock. We always said we wanted to try this, I lick up and down the length of his hard cock, rubbing his balls at the same time. "Suck him...now..." you tell me.

I take his cock back into my mouth, sucking his cock, deeper and deeper, fucking it with my mouth. My pussy is getting so wet, just knowing your watching me is getting me so turned on. The more I suck his cock, the more excited I get, knowing this is turning you on too.

"Gary, get on the bed and let her suck your cock..." you tell him, as you get up. Gary gets on the bed and lays down, I get up and stand next to the bed, bending over and take Gary back into my mouth. "That's it baby...suck it like I know you love to do.. suck that cock." you say watching me, you get up, walking behind me, rubbing my ass, suddenly you *Smack* me, "You were such a bad girl...you didn't wait for me to come home..." Oh I like that baby, spank me, for being so naughty. You continue to rub my ass, with a *Smack* every once in awhile, makes me suck his cock harder. "You want my cock baby...huh want me to fuck you???" you say rubbing my pussy. I lean back into your hand wanting to feel you touching me, feel you filling my pussy.

You walk back in front of me, watching me sucking Gary. "Suck my cock baby..." you tell me. I move from his cock to yours. I reach for you, taking your cock stroking you. Gary is watching and stroking himself. 

"Suck him...let me just watch...I was about to cum and I want it to last..." Gary say's looking at us. I go back to my knees and slowly and lovingly suck your cock, looking up at you as I tease the underside of your cock. "Fuck yes baby...suck me...yeah just like that..."

God, I love sucking your cock baby, love the feel of it in my mouth. "Take me..." you say thrusting into my mouth, holding my head, fucking my mouth. "Take turns and suck us both..." you order me. I take turns sucking you and Gary, taking you both deeper each time, stroking both cocks. I am so fucking hot, wanting a cock inside me. You pull away from me, "lay down on the bed babe..." I get on our bed and laying across the bed, you spread my legs and get down in front of me. "Keep sucking Gary..." you tell me as you gently rub my sopping pussy. I moan as I take his cock back into my mouth, feels good with you touching me. I love when you eat my pussy baby. "Oh yes baby eat my pussy..." I say taking his cock out of my mouth, still stroking him.

"Don't stop sucking him..." you tell me, as you slide two fingers deep inside of me, gently fucking me.

"Such a naughty girl..." I hear you say as you finger my pussy.

I'm still sucking his cock, wanting to be sucking your cock instead.

"suck his cock baby girl...suck it good..."

"Fuck...yeah..." Gary moans as I take his cock as deep as I can, in and out of my mouth.

"you like sucking his hard cock baby??? Like the feel of another man's hard cock in your mouth?" you ask me as you continue to finger my hot pussy. "You want my cock??? Want me to fuck you hard???"

All I can do is nod and keep sucking his cock, I feel you rubbing your cock across my wet, hot pussy. "Take my cock..." you say as you start to enter my pussy slowly. We continue like this for several minutes, you slowly fucking my pussy. "such a naughty, naughty girl..." you tell me as Gary pulls his cock out of my mouth, he strokes his cock.

"Gotta calm down for a sec or I'm gonna cum..." he says.

"You want my cock baby girl?" You ask me again, pushing your cock deeper inside of me.

"yes."

"Yes what?"

"yes baby please...fuck me..."

"Next time are you going to wait for me to get home before you start to play???" You ask bending over me, giving me your cock.

Your cock feels so good inside of me baby, fuck me.

"Get on your hands and knees on the bed", you tell me pulling out of me. I do as I am told, getting on the bed. I feel you on the bed behind me.

"are you ready for more buddy??" you ask Gary as he strokes his cock.

"oh yeah..." he said as I take his throbbing cock back into my mouth, starting all over again, licking and sucking his cock as you fuck me slowly from behind. I'm moaning and grunting with every thrust of your hard cock. "take my cock..." you tell me.

Oh fuck it feels so good when you fuck me baby, and sucking his cock at the same time. Turns me on doing this. "yeah baby...suck his cock...take it all..." you tell me as you give me all of your cock. You slowly fuck me. "Play with her tits Gary, pinch her nipples she loves that..." you instruct him, I feel Gary rubbing my tits, making my nipples harder than they already were. He pinches them gently at first. 

"Go on and pinch them harder she really loves that..." you tell him as you start to fuck me a bit faster. "You like that baby, like when he pinches your hard nipples as I fuck your pussy???"

"Yes" is all I can say, I want to make you both cum.

"Gary you want to fuck her?" you ask him, slowing down your thrusts, wanting to make it last.

"Is it okay with you?" Gary asks you.

"Sure...as long as you don't cum inside of her, I'm the only one who cums inside of my baby girl..." you tell him as you pull your cock out of me. I hate when you take your cock away from me baby.

You both switch places, you lay down on the bed and he gets behind me. "Suck my cock." you tell me, I reach down and stroke your balls, gently I take them into my mouth one at a time, swirling my tongue all over them. Gary is behind me and rubbing his hard cock over my pussy. "That's it baby girl, lick my balls, show me how much you love sucking my cock..."

I moan as I stroke your cock, I love making love with you baby. I feel Gary pushing his hard cock into my wet pussy, slowly. 

"fuck she's tight..." Gary say's as he pushes a bit deeper, "she's so wet..."

"She loves to suck cock and fuck, she loves sex and that's just the way I like her, wanting it all of the time, she never turns me down...never..." you tell him as I lick my way up your cock, nibbling on the head of your cock, swirling my tongue across the head. Taste so good baby, I come up for air for a few seconds, stroking your cock. "fuck my mouth baby...give me your cock..." I ask you as I take your cock back into my mouth, going up and down slowly as you hold me down on your cock. 

Gary is fucking me a bit faster, holding onto my hips, I can hear him moaning as he fucks me.

Fuck this feels so good baby, I want to make you cum, I stroke your cock as you hold my head and you fuck my mouth. "That's it baby girl...suck my cock...take it all as deep as you can..." you tell me as Gary is pounding into me from behind. 

Feels so good to suck your cock and get fucked at the same time, I want to cum so bad.

"Fuck her tight pussy...she sucks cock so good..." you tell Gary as you fuck my mouth faster, holding me down.

"I'm gonna cum soon..." Gary say's.

"We need to switch..." you say pulling your cock away from my mouth, Gary pulls out of my pussy. You turn me over on my back and hold my legs up and you fill my pussy with your cock. 

"Oh yes...fuck me baby..." I beg you as you pound my pussy hard and fast.

"Suck his cock, make him cum..." you tell me, Gary moves up next to my face and I take his cock back into my mouth, sucking and licking his cock. I'm Stroking his cock and he holds my head fucking my mouth. 

"Oh yeah...suck my cock make me cum..." Gary says.

"Fuck baby girl...cum for me..." I am so close to cumming, feels good baby.

Your pounding me so hard, oh baby you're going to make me cum. Gary pulls his cock out of my mouth and strokes his cock fast. "Fuck me! Fuck my hot wet pussy baby, fill me up with your cum, I'm gonna cum baby..." I moan loudly, feels good when you fuck me. I tighten my pussy around your hard cock, want to feel you give me your cum. 

"Yeah baby...tighten that pussy...fuck yeah...gonna cum..." you say pounding me harder and faster. "Cum on her tits...give her your cum Gary..."

"Oh yeah...oh yeah... fuck..." Gary says as his cock lets go a stream of cum all over my tits, he is moaning and grunting giving me his cum.

Your fucking me hard, pounding my pussy..."Taste his cum baby..."

I taste his cum, licking it off of my fingers.

"Taste good baby...you like when he cums on your tits???"

"Oh yes baby...fuck me I'm so close baby..." 

"Cum baby...cum for me..." you tell me..."Oh yeah gonna cum...fuck...yeah...take my cum..." I start to cum when I feel you filling my tight wet pussy.

"Yes...yes...yes...cumming baby."...I moan loudly.

"Yeah...oh yeah baby...cum for me..." you tell me holding me tight...as we both cum.

I look over and Gary is sitting on the bed trying to recover,catching his breath.

We both just lay together for a few minutes trying to calm down.

"Oh my god baby girl, what do you do to me???" you ask me kissing me.

"I just do as I am told..." I say kissing you back.

"You're right she is good..."Gary say's standing and grabbing his clothes.

"I told you she's good...oh bathroom is third door down on the left.

"Thanks..." Gary walks down the hall and we're alone.

"Thank you baby girl..."you tell me kissing me on the top of my head.

You take your robe from the chair and slip it on and walk back over to the bed and hand me mine. I put it on and lay back down on the bed.

"Well...we did say we wanted to try this, it was great but I love it when it is just the two of us..." I tell you, you lay next to me and take me into your arms.

"true...we did say that...so did you enjoy yourself?" you ask me.

"yes, it was different,exciting taking care of you both at the same time...did you enjoy it?"

"Yes, turned me on watching you suck his cock and watching him fucking you...but I loved cumming with you as always."

"I love cumming with you too baby..."

Gary sticks his head back into the bedroom door, "Well I'm going to get back to the office

...see you there..."

"Yeah...I'm taking the rest of the day off...see you tomorrow..."

"Uh I had a great time...catch ya later..." Gary says.

"Yep, later..." you say as he walks away, and we hear the front door close.

"What's for lunch? I'm hungry..."

"I've got something you can have right here..." I say opening my robe...