 It almost felt like the last day of camp. That is, if camp included almost non-stop sex for ten days.

As we made our way through customs and collected our luggage, Ashley, her three friends and I kept trading cell phones back and forth as each girl entered her name and phone number into mine, and I entered mine into theirs. Ashley whispered into my ear as she gave me back my phone, "I expect you to call me within an hour of you getting home."

Each of the others said pretty much the same thing: "If you want to talk or hang out, call."

I was puzzled, though, by one thing. On my phone, each of them had written after her name the same initials -- TLB. I had no idea what it was supposed to mean.

My brother-in-law saw me walk out of the terminal surrounded by the four, saw me give them each a peck on the cheek, and then linger much longer while giving Ashley a proper kiss. He helped me load my luggage into his car, and as we started driving away he turned to me and said "Boy, you didn't seem to have trouble making friends on this cruise. And only a little bit of a tan, which tells me you weren't out too much. Tell me, stud, which one of them did you nail?"

I gave him a raised eyebrow, which in a way told him everything he needed to know.

"You beast, you. The one you kissed longer than the others -- I suspect we're going to be seeing some more of her. What's her name?"

"Ashley. And yes, we ARE going to be seeing each other... probably within the next few days, if I'm reading what happened on the cruise right."

My cell phone buzzed, which meant I was getting a text message. It had Jenna's name on it.

The four girls had taken the same car service from the terminal. They had texted me a selfie of the four of them with their shirts lifted and their breasts bared. The text itself read "Something to remember us by -- TLB".

It was followed quickly by a text from Ashley. "They're assholes, sometimes. Jenna insisted on us taking this picture. I miss you already. Can't wait for your call."

For the hour or so it took us to get home, I received a steady stream of selfies -- Carly and Jenna making out, Ashley running her tongue across her lips, Nicole with her doe-eyes and puckered lips, Carly with her hand down her shorts. I stopped looking at the phone after a while, because I didn't want to be walking into my house with an erection.

I got to my apartment, unloaded my 10-days'-worth of laundry into the bin, and called Ashley.

"Mmmmm, I've got two fingers up my pussy right now, but I'm SOOOOO wishing it was your cock. When are we going to see each other next?"

"How about tomorrow? There's a nice Italian place about midway between us. Should I pick you up, or do you want to meet there?"

"AAAAHHHHH!!!!! AHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!" I almost dropped the phone as she screeched into my ear.

I could hear her breathing heavily as she recovered. "I'll meet you there. Five?"

"That's kind of early for dinner, isn't it?"

"I'm not thinking about dinner, so much as I am about dessert. Are you working on Monday?"

"No, I'm not going back in until Wednesday."

"Does this sound too forward, Mike, or should I pack a bag?"

"Ummm, well, I was going to be a gentleman about it, but if you WANT to come over..."

"You may have trouble getting rid of me. And now, I won't have to be worrying about you and my friends. This time I have you all to myself."

I have to admit that I have rarely wanted to get through a dinner more quickly than I did that night. Ashley, as usual, looked stunning, in the tiny white denim mini I'd first seen her in, and a loose black blouse that was practically falling off her shoulders. The conversation was, shall we say, stimulating. She sat next to, rather than opposite, me, whispering all kinds of suggestions and playfully rubbing against my leg with hers. It was very difficult concentrating on the conversation with my pants tenting as they were, and I had to force myself to urinate in order to get my erection down enough when we were leaving.

I drove, simply in order to get us back to my apartment faster. She was rubbing my leg with her hand almost the entire ride.

As we wrestled each other into the apartment, she stopped by one of the bookcases for a second, and looked at a picture I kept there.

"This must be Dawn. Beautiful, as I knew she would be. You have great taste in women, Mike."

I should mention that Dawn had been 5 feet 6, slim, with huge brown eyes, light-brown hair that she mostly wore shoulder length, small, perky tits, a cute little ass and shapely legs. Despite her being gone for more than a year and a half now, I was still very close to her family and in regular touch with them.

Ashley saw my face fall for a second. "Should I not have mentioned her?"

I replied, "Oh, no, no. But you know she's always going to be part of my life no matter where you and I might wind up."

Ashley nodded her understanding, then walked up to me and tenderly wrapped her arms around my shoulders. We kissed -- no tongues this time, just a deep, romantic, loving kiss that lasted seemingly forever. I reached down and massaged her generous ass, and she lifted her left leg up and wound it around my right. I could almost feel the heat of her pussy against my leg, even though this time (I could feel it) she was wearing panties.

"I want us to have our own history, Mike. I know I can't replace Dawn, nor do I intend to. I don't feel like I'm fighting a ghost. I've said this before, but it bears repeating -- the fact that your strong feelings for her are still there show me the depth of love that you're capable of feeling. Do you think you could ever feel the same way about me?"

"Ashley, with everything that's happened, I'm almost certain of it."

After another deep, long kiss (this one with LOTS of tongue) and a tightening of our embrace, Ashley pulled away slightly, licked her lips and said "I want you inside me. I can't stand it anymore. Don't need any foreplay. I have to have your cock inside me now."

I swept her up in my arms and carried her into my bedroom. After carefully laying her down, I quickly pulled off her panties and skirt. She kicked off her sandals, pulled off her blouse and sat up. Feverishly, she undid my belt and pulled down my pants and underwear in one quick motion. My cock, all nine inches of it, sprang to attention, and she lay down again and waited for me to finish undressing. I knelt slightly, bent over her, and slowly slid my length into her smoldering, soaking depths. I heard a satisfied uuuuuhhhhhhhhh from her as I began pushing.

She reached up, wrapped her arms around my shoulders and her legs around my midsection, put her head back, and showed me a serene, satisfied smile.

"Slowly, baby", she purred softly. "Don't rush this. I love your hard cock buried in me. I want to enjoy you."

As she requested, I maintained a slow rhythm as she pushed herself against me. I felt her tighten up and heard another low, long uuuuuhhhhhhhhh from her. She licked her lips, I bent down and plunged my tongue deeply into her warm, wonderful mouth. She nearly sucked the breath from me as our tongues jabbed and intertwined with each other.

She turned her head slightly, and gasped out "Oh, my God, you're going to make me come. Please push harder!!! I want to come!!!! I want you to make me coooooooommmme!!!!" She bellowed out the last word as her pussy firmly grasped my thrusting tool, and I felt a slight gush. "AAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!" she cried out as she twisted and thrashed against me.

"Faster, baby. Fuck me HARDER!!! I want you to make me come again!!!!" Ashley shrieked practically into my ear.

I began thrusting at almost jackhammer speed. She shuddered and twisted with almost every thrust, then in a rising crescendo cried out "Oooooohhhhh FFFFFFFUUUUUUUUCCCCCCKKKKKK MMMMMEEEEEEEE HAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRDDD!!!!" as I felt her come again. I continued pounding away as she flailed and screamed out her lust three more times.

I was losing steam, and she realized it as she told me "Lie down. I want to pleasure you for a while."

As soon as I was comfortable, she bent down, grasped the base of my cock and began lapping softly on the cap.

I groaned "Oh, GOD, Ashley, that's amazing. Suck my cock, baby. Suck it hard."

She looked up at me and smiled, then plunged her mouth down on me about four inches. She began fucking me with her mouth.

As she had, I writhed and moaned with practically every thrust of her mouth. Had she kept up her pace for a few more minutes, I would have exploded into her mouth. Instead she stopped, lay herself down on me with her arms around my neck and her head on my shoulder, lifted her hips up and took me back into her pussy. For a long time we explored each other's mouths again, as she slowly ground her hips against mine.

She stared at me with an almost deadly serious look, and said "I fell in love with you that first night. You do know that, don't you?"

I nodded. "I felt it too. But I just..."

Ashley put her finger to my lips. "I know. You had to work out how you really felt. Yes, I wanted to do this our first night together, but I also wanted to give you your space and let you resolve things in your own mind. I'm willing to go at whatever pace you want to. Call me crazy, but I think you're worth the pursuit. I'm not letting you go that easily. Most people have shipboard romances and then never see each other again. But I think you and I are really meant to be. My friends certainly liked you -- I'm sure you know that, too -- and to me their opinion means a lot. They told me everything you said and felt while you were with each of them. Let me say, here and now, that I don't feel that you were cheating on me with them, because there was no us at the time."

I held her tightly. "I want there to be an 'us'."

With that, she began thrusting harder, seemingly sucking my cock deeper and deeper into her with every push. I felt the tingling begin in my midsection, building up to a full-blown detonation as I trembled and screamed "Oh, GOOOOOOOOOD" and pushed five huge shots and several smaller jolts of cum into her.

Our bodies drenched in sweat, we held each other and kissed deeply. Her lips tasted like honey. I brushed the hair out of her eyes and stared deeply into them. They seemed to shine with a bright, intense light -- a glow of adoration, tenderness and lust that I had only ever really seen with one other woman in my life.

We ultimately fell asleep in each other's arms. She stayed the following two nights as well. We never spent more than two nights apart again, and each time she came over she was carrying more and more clothing and belongings.

After six months had passed, and we had met each other's parents, Ashley said to me one night "There's only going to be one more thing that's going to satisfy my own reservations about our relationship. I want to meet Dawn's parents -- that is, if they want to meet me." I had already told them about Ashley, despite my initial concerns that they were going to be angry that I was seeing somebody else. Quite to the contrary, they were happy that I had chosen to pick up the pieces. When I called and asked them if they wanted to go out to dinner with me and Ashley, they were glad to accept.

Unusually for her, Ashley dressed very conservatively for the occasion, in a tailored pants suit and heels that made her look like a businesswoman. Dawn's parents were very impressed with her, especially when she revealed "I've made it clear to Mike that I don't intend for him to erase your daughter from his life just because he's with me. I honor the fact that they were together for so long -- and that he stayed with her through the worst possible situations. That's why I know that he's genuine about his feelings for other people. He knew it was important to me that you like me, and that I wanted you to know that Dawn will continue to be a presence in his life no matter what. In fact, I will promise you this -- we will go to the cemetery every year on the Jewish holidays, on her birthday, their wedding anniversary and on her angel day."

Dawn's mother whispered into my ear as we left the restaurant "Marry her. Don't ever let her go. Your feelings for each other are so obvious. I almost feel like I've gotten my daughter back."

Ashley's and my lovemaking was particularly intense that night. I don't know which one of us was feeling the excitement of my former in-laws' acceptance of her more.

A few days later, Ashley came home from running errands with a bouquet of roses. She said "Today's when I start keeping my promise. Drive me to the cemetery."

When I led her to Dawn's stone -- a flat bronze and stone marker with her name, life dates and the lyric "Take it to the limit one more time" -- Ashley knelt down, placed the flowers next to the stone and spoke:

"Hi, Dawn. Obviously, we never met, but I feel like I know you very well after what Mike's told me about you. In a way, I wish you were here, because you know already the love that Mike is capable of expressing. He still feels it for you, I know. And please know this: I know that there's room in his heart for both of us, and that he would never do anything to dishonor you or your relationship with him. I won't let him. We made a promise to your parents. You were a lucky woman to have him, sweetie. We are the only two women who will be able to say that. We'll be here a lot, trust me. Love you lots."

I stood there and wept. Ashley exhorted me to speak to Dawn also. I couldn't.

Meanwhile, the texts and emails from Ashley's friends continued, each signed "TLB". I still had no idea what it represented. We'd go out with them and have them come up to the house and hang out. Nobody made a pass at me since we'd left the ship. I'm pretty sure that Ashley got the word out that I was now hers and thus off-limits. I was fine with that -- I was having enough trouble keeping up with Ashley's nightly (and sometimes multiple) sexual demands.

Eleven months almost to the day after I met Ashley, we were married. We knew. Neither of us had any doubts at all. There were three sets of parents there -- mine, my new in-laws, and my former in-laws -- all celebrating, as were Ashley's three friends, dressed identically in metallic-blue bridesmaids dresses. Each of them left with one of the groomsmen -- in fact, Carly and my buddy Lee had been dating for a spell after meeting at one of our gatherings, and just became engaged themselves. Jenna and Nicole paired off with my friends Joey and Andy, respectively. I had to warn Andy about some of Nicole's kinkier tendencies.

After Ashley and I made love for the first time as a married couple, I was lying in our hotel-room bed -- we were heading the next day from there to honeymoon on the ship on which we'd met -- in one of those half-awake, half-asleep states where you're not quite sure whether or not you're dreaming. I suddenly became aware of a presence next to me -- with a silvery glow that burrowed through my closed eyelids. I turned away from my new wife...

... and realized, as my eyes adjusted to the light, that I was staring into Dawn's huge brown eyes.

I felt nothing but warmth and serenity in her presence.

"Yes, Mike, I'm here. I've been watching over you for these past couple of years. I'm so glad that you've found happiness again. She seems like a really nice, caring girl. What I like about her the most is that she's insistent upon keeping me as a presence in your life. I know you would have, on your own, regardless of what she might have felt."

She gathered me in her arms, and even though I wasn't at first sure if she was flesh or spirit, I felt her lips close on mine. It was so real, especially as I felt her soft tongue worming its way into my mouth. I embraced -- her -- and softly stroked her hair as I had often done while she was going through chemo or one of her other treatments, and even long before she became sick. It all felt so familiar, so loving, just as it had always been with her -- and with Ashley.

"On the other side, there's no pain. It's all love and light. Believe me, I feel the love you still have for me. It transcends even the distance between us. It will always be there. And now, before I go, and before you and Ashley begin to write your own story as a married couple, I want to experience that with you one more time."

She climbed on top of me, engulfed my hardened cock in her soft, wet pussy, and began thrusting back and forth.

I turned for a second to look at Ashley. "No, she won't wake up. There's only the two of us here. She'll stay asleep until we're done."

She leaned in, and again kissed me softly on my mouth. Her pace quickened slightly.

"Mmmmm, just as I remember it. I could keep your cock in me for hours, baby. I never wondered about any other guy, because I already knew I had the hottest cock around." I jolted as a spasm rippled through me. So did she, as I felt her wetness increase. I also noticed, for the first time, that the silver glow had turned pink.

I cupped one of her small but firm breasts in my hand, and squeezed slightly. Dawn yelped and began thrusting even harder.

"Ooooh, don't move, baby. Just let me fuck you. Just once more, that I can take with me for all eternity. AAAAHHHH!!!! AAAAAAHHHHHHH!!!!" she yelled as the glow became a heated red.

Ashley didn't move a muscle.

"OH, GOD, OOOOOHHHH GAAAAAHHHHHD!!!" Dawn cried as her pussy tightened again around my cock. The glow changed from red to orange to a brilliant yellow, as I felt myself pushing against her.

"OH, GOD, DAWN, HERE IT COOOOOOOOOMMMMMMES!!!!" I cried as I felt the first of six long spurts into her burning love hole.

She stopped thrusting, leaned in and whispered into my ear, "Love is eternal. Carry it with you always. Your love will always be in your heart."

Then, slowly, her body dissipated into a radiant yellow mist, which I watched float over to and disappear up Ashley's nostrils and into her ears and mouth.

I was left in darkness again, my chest heaving and my body drenched in sweat.

I closed my eyes again and didn't awaken until the next morning.

When Ashley and I arrived on the ship that afternoon, there was already a huge fruit basket in our suite -- a gift from her girlfriends, I presumed automatically. Before I opened the card, Ashley thrust another card into my hand and bid me read it first.

"Dearest, darling Mike -- it almost feels like returning to the 'scene of the crime', doesn't it? Just know that whatever winds up happening with us, I don't want you to ever forget the previous love you shared. While that book may be closed, I want you to open it occasionally and scan it for good memories -- even as we write our own book.

Remember, love is eternal. Carry it with you always. Your love will always be in your heart. - Ashley"

She had no idea why I was suddenly clutching the table for support. I don't know if she'd even have believed my explanation.

We then read the note attached to the fruit basket:

"Mike and Ashley -- while we may have lost one of our members to marriage, we want our sister to know that we always think of her. Mike, you're now our brother-in-love, forever. As we took care of you, please take care of her.

"Signed, The Lust Brigade"