 Ch. 2 –Interlude

Although this story stands on its own, reading the first chapter will definitely help you understand the context a little better...

After that amazing first kiss with Chris, my mind was totally fogged up. I couldn't quite realize that I had finally made out with the man of my (wet) dreams until we'd both cum. I don't remember much about getting ready for dinner, just rush rush rush as first Rocks then Richard tried to propel us all into faster movement. 

For once, that irritating Inner Voice of mine was completely silent. Still in shock, I guess. Good riddance. 

I could feel a vast whirling emptiness inside myself, sweeping me up in giddy energy. I was on top of the world. Amazing what a good strong ejaculation can do to lift your mood! 

But more than that first embrace, it was the vast realm of possibilities that had suddenly opened which had me reeling. Oh Lord. 

My rather abstract longing, comfortingly familiar from all my restless nights of the past few months, had suddenly morphed into something way too real for me to fully comprehend. As if that nameless monster from under your bed suddenly came up to you in the middle of the day for a coffee and a chat. Surreal. For the moment, I couldn't think straight about consequences or even where I wanted all this to head. 

Once more, inside the van. Except that this time, I wasn't frustrated out of my mind. Discreetly, I observed my fellow band members. Chris looked... Actually, he looked like the way I felt. Shell-shocked. He answered my smile with a timid one. At least he wasn't mad or ignoring me. 

Rocks seemed suspicious. I caught his gaze sliding between Chris and I a few times and he got this weird speculative look. 

Speculative, yeah! followed by a rude snort. 

Great. Just when I thought that the Voice was gone, it was back. Besides, I didn't think Inner Voices could snort or be vulgar. I mean, weren't those things supposed to be, like... consciences or something. All Godly and stuff? 

Another snort followed by mad laughter. Oh, right. Crazy people have Inner Voices too. 

Anyway, why wouldn't Rocks have sensed something going on? I asked myself. I'd always pegged him as not-that-quick-to-catch-on-but-a-great-guy. Never thought I'd describe our brawny drummer as speculative. Maybe there was more depth to him than I'd imagined... Time would tell. For now, there was nothing I could do. 

Twisting in my seat, I noted that Jake and Angie looked sort-of flushed and breathless. So they'd been having sex too. 

"Will you stop it?!? You're making me nervous, staring at us like that!" 

Jake snapping curtly at me was pretty out of character for the normally smooth guy.

"Sorry..." I responded sheepishly.

Actually, now that I paid closer attention, Jake seemed rather pissed and his body language was tense. I revised my judgment. Make that interrupted sex. Richard must have needed a shower too. Guess we weren't the only ones who sheltered a waterless-room hobo... 

Staring out the foggy window again, I let my mind drift. Bits of what had just happened floated randomly around my conscience. Chris' eyes, half-lidded. His strong fingers curled around the edge of the counter. My breathing, all fucked up. The hot humid steam from the shower washing over us. My hard-on, pushing against him. His hard-on, pressing back. The salty taste of his skin. Wish I hadn't been so caught up in my own pleasure to notice his orgasm.

Shit! Stop it, idiot!

Too late, I answered the Voice wryly. I'd managed to work myself once more into a quivering mass of need. What was wrong with me?

Stupid Stupid Stupid! Remember?

Shut up, I told it crossly, readjusting myself as inconspicuously as I could. I knew I shouldn't have worn leather. 

It was raining when we finally stopped. Drenching, actually. And freezing cold, with nasty gusts of wind that whipped my hair into my eyes. We hurried into some fancy restaurant, complete with a stuck-up maître d' who pinched his lips in disapproval of our rockin' appearance. He even walked with a brisk, prim stride, back straight as a ruler.

Wonder what he'd look like with a 12 inch dildo up his ass? 

I managed to turn my chortle into a somewhat passable cough but I knew my eyes were twinkling. Chris must have guessed approximately what I was thinking, cause he winked at me, making a rude hand gesture and we both spent the next minute or two trying not to look at each other so as not to crack up.

To distract myself, I studied the people we were seated with as they were introduced to me. 

Limp handshake. Boring. Balding, conservative tie. 

Sweaty handshake. Eeww. And here I thought they'd stopped making moustaches like those back in the 80's. 

Firm handshake, actually quite nice. Long, masculine fingers. Salt and pepper hair, aging with class. Nice frank eyes.

Great enveloping handshake. Huge, meaty hand. And a cowboy hat? Fer Chrissakes, who wears a wide-brimmed Stetson to a chic restaurant??? Bet stuffy Maitre d' pursed his lips at that one!

Small, determined handshake. Delicate wrist, warm fingers, sending tingles down my arm. Tearing my eyes from Mr Texas-Rich-Shot, my jaw literally dropped. 

Yee-hah! Ride 'em cowgirl!

Ha! Ha! Very funny. So now the Voice was into humour. I ignored it, as I also ignored the sudden tightness at my crotch. The only woman at our table, except for Angie, she sure was something else. She was Important Somebody's daughter and boy was she hot.

Gorgeous figure, probably somewhere around 25, a real woman. She had a mischievous rebel look about her, crackling with life. Sparkly oversized jewellery, wearing some hot slinky red slip of a dress. I fought down a sudden impulse to rub my cheeks against the silky fabric. Smallish breasts, gently rounded. I couldn't see a bra strap and so decided that they must be pretty firm. The tension at my groin increased and I guiltily brought my gaze again to her face. 

Caught! 

She'd been watching me staring at her cleavage! My ears burned and I frantically tried to come up with something to say. She winked then pointedly gawked at my crotch. My ears flamed even more and I vainly tried to wish my erection away. Not wanting to look down and see for myself just how obvious it was, I found myself staring at her chest again. Mesmerized, I watched the fabric shift a little, small hard points appearing where her nipples would be. Lord.

Definitely no bra then. 

My cock twitched insistently and I groaned, defeated. Proud of herself, she stared straight into my eyes for a second, a jaunty defiance about her that set my blood boiling. 

"Do you like my dress?" she asked Chris. "Your friend sure does!" 

Evil, she was evil. Chris was laughing at me, apparently he'd seen the whole thing and then mercifully, we were sitting down. I winced. This was definitely painful, but at least I wouldn't be creating a scandal. 

I licked dry lips, trying to find my voice. Of course, I had to be sitting between Chris and Jessica, as I learned my new tormentor was called. Dinner was a haze. 

Almost immediately, Chris, Jessie and I fell into a teasing, flirting conversation that flowed real easy. It kept me on my toes, trying to retort with the perfect comeback. I managed pretty well, I think, considering that I was alternating between a raging hard-on and a leaky plumpness that was almost worst. The sexual undertones of the seemingly innocent discussions really weren't helping my concentration. 

It was magical, all three of us affected by this vibrating energy that was absolutely divine torture. It was all subtle insinuation and apparently innocent touches. Except that every move was planned to break the other, a war of wills, seeing who would quit first or go overboard and be too flagrantly sexual. By dessert, there was absolutely nothing naive in every comment, every subtle contact. I knew and she knew I knew and that was why it was so hot. I was holding out, but just barely. 

Surprisingly, Chris was in on the game too. I could tell the fires were burning in him again and there were twin spots of bright red on his cheekbones. He kept pushing at his hair, a nervous gesture that I'd come to associate with him trying to regain control of himself. It was so hot, seeing him fighting with his desire, I had a hard time pretending no interest in him. Although I tried not to, well not very much, I couldn't help playing him just a little. There was an awareness between us that I fervently hoped Jessica didn't catch. 

Oh! Oh! Oh! 

If you can't be useful, just shut the fuck up, I told my irritating Inner Voice. By this time, I was so horny that it wasn't even being sarcastic anymore. The Voice was mainly blathering dirty ideas, interspersed with panting and swearing.

Feigning nonchalance, I watched Jessica closely. Even if she wore too much make-up, I noticed definite signs of arousal in her countenance after nearly two hours of this dangerous game. It turned her on to know how she was affecting us and her own need was starting to wear on her control. Her eyes, dark and smudged, sparkled with lust. Her lips were lush, painted a harsh crimson that didn't manage to hide their softness. They were half-parted with halted breaths and just begging for a kiss. 

I had to physically restrain myself from nuzzling into her neck every time she leaned over me to talk to Chris. Encouraged, she did it more and more as the meal wore on. Pushing me, remorseless, but I wouldn't give in. Fuming, I clenched my jaw and determined to turn the tables. I needed to do it real soon because my passion was rapidly growing intolerably acute.

Let's see how her control is. 

Damn right, Mr Voice. This was a game two could play. 

The next time she bent nearer, I blew gently on her exposed nape. She shivered. I waited, and then did it again. She blinked and stiffened, glaring at me from the side of her lashes. Her perfume, rich and sensual, was driving me nuts. I could see her nipples again, pushing at her dress. I longed to pinch one between two fingers. Wonder what kind of sound she would make?

No! 

The Voice was right. I had to focus. Just a little more. She was losing ground; there was a sobbing quality to her breathing that bordered on moaning. I slowly and deliberately blew a stream of warm air over her sensitive skin, casually watching the goose bumps rise and spread. Jessica groaned and shuddered, then straightened, flushed. She took a slow careful sip of wine and I watched her throat work, wanting it on my throbbing prick. 

Yes Yes Yes! My inner voice had begun a silent cheer of triumph. I felt certain that she wouldn't be trying the leaning over technique anytime soon.

 I am the strongest! I am the best! I am ... 

The elation in my head spluttered out, drowned in a major flare-up of desire. 

Chris. I'd forgotten him momentarily. Big mistake. Since Jessie was keeping to her side, Chris was taking over her dirty trick of leaning across me. Actually, he twisted his upper body toward Jessica but under the table, he was pressing the entire length of his thigh against mine. I jolted but held my seat, sweating. Maybe that was unintentional. Yeah right. 

He seemed engrossed in a lengthy exchange with Jess, but I could tell that it was a facade. They were both watching me from the corner of their eyes. When I tried to shift my leg away, he just pressed forward. Damn. When I tried to escape by leaning to the other side even more, I felt a softer thigh, just as hot, searing through me on the right. Oh Jesus.

I was trapped. Well and truly trapped. Electricity began to zing through me, arcing from one to the other, my body the conductor. Swallowing hard, I steeled myself to maintain a blank expression. Time stretched and I lost focus of the room, everything blurring but the rising tide of energy pulsing through our trio. 

Chris and Jess were as rapt as me. Together, we had created this situation and now it was snowballing out of our control. They were no longer managing to fake a conversation, both panting as rapidly as myself, wide-eyed. 

Huge quantities of energy mirrored back and forth between us, building like steam in a pressure cooker. The strain surged greater even than the physical soreness in my penis, scalding desire, and the pressure agonizing -ugh- I couldn't take it, too much! Clutching the edge of the table trying to anchor myself, white knuckled, Christ it was so strong! I couldn't seem to move, frozen in place by the sheer exhilarating intensity... 

My cock screamed for release, my entire lower belly roiling with need. And still it built, the tension, strong, so strong, Chhriss ,something had to give; it couldn't go on, it just couldn't, yet still it did. Oh Lord! JJeesss, please, silently pleading. I'd never felt it this powerful, a huge iron band coiling unbearably, deep inside me, tighter, tighter... Sudden copper taste of blood in my mouth from biting through my lower lip, the sharp sting just melding into the devastating rush, higher higher high- 

CRRAAASSSHH! A mighty resounding sound of broken dishes and cutlery landing on tile is what saved us. We jumped, all three of us, separating. I still don't know what would have happened if that waiter hadn't missed a step. As it was, I spent the next few minutes gradually calming my gasping, slowing my erratic heart rate to near-normal speeds, progressively coming down from that dizzying height. God Almighty. 

My Inner Voice was present but it seemed incapable of forming a coherent comment, groaning softly in some dark corner of my mind. Nursing my bruised lip, I savoured the sweet ache left behind after... whatever freak experience that was.

Then it was all bustle about because we had to leave and I hurried into my coat, not even attempting to button up cause my hands were still trembling way too bad. Somehow, I found the presence of mind to help a dazed and visibly shaken Jessica into her own wrap. Then I realized that Chris was still sitting, unmoving. 

"What just happened?" he asked me hoarsely when I tugged his shoulder. 

"I dunno. But it was huge and amazing and it was the first time I ever felt it and we have to go man."

Okay so maybe I was still a little buzzed; I could practically see the nervous energy pouring off me.

Long silence, then he manifestly shook himself. Raking a hand through his hair, he looked at me with a wistful expression before confessing "I'm not even sure I can walk right now..."

Aargh! What was he trying to do, candidly admitting something like that, get raped by me? 

To tell the truth, my own pace wasn't all that steady. I was still monstrously erect and there remained a tremor in my thighs and abdomen from the residual tension that made walking awkward. Movement also caused my stiff leather pants to shift, friction sending teeth grinding jolts of pleasure down the smearing head of my poor engorged dick.

Again, the sleety biting weather. I almost wished I could spend a few more minutes out there, let the wild climate bring me back to my senses. I wasn't really paying attention to where Jessica was leading me, distracted by consciousness of her fingers in mine and Chris' hot breath on my shoulder.

Then we were crawling into the vast cavern of the limo, neon lights illuminating us in a weird glow. Wait, limo? What about the good ol' van?

Mr Important Somebody surely has a limo to lend to his daughter. 

Yup, that sounded plausible. Glad to see you recovered, I told the Voice. 

Stony silence answered me. Shit, now I was really going insane, having conversations with myself. If anyone ever found out...

The door clacked smartly and shortly after the motor hummed smoothly. Chris, Jessica and I just stared at each other for a breathless minute, and then it was a frenzy of trying to tear our clothes off as fast as possible. Both of us men pounced on Jess but we weren't really accomplishing much. I pushed the hem up, he tugged the straps down and I got a sharp elbow to my sternum, winded but not stopping my attempts. We were just getting into each other's way and were both too primed to stop and plan our attack. I was starting to seriously consider seeing if I could actually tear a dress off like you see in the movies when she batted our fluttering hands away.

"Get your pants off, idiots; I can deal with the dress..."

Ah, the voice of wisdom. Kneeling in the low interior, I hastily unzipped, sighing in relief as my cock finally bounced free. T-shirt up over my head but still around my elbows, I stopped and stared at the vision before me. 

Jessica had a really creamy pale complexion, softly flowing. Her breasts were just like I'd imagined, with nipples hard and crinkly. A black G-String, shaved mound and Ooouuh luscious thigh-high stockings. I skimmed a hand quickly up the nearest leg, admiring the smooth transparency and the rougher detail of the elasticized lace at the top. I couldn't help tracing the same route with the tip of my tongue, then biting gently at the dreamy skin of her thigh where it contrasted sharply with the black of the nylon. 

Pussy!!!

Finally! It was right there, inches from my face. Barely covered by the black fabric of her panties and wet. I mean sopping wet. Absolutely beautiful. Closing my eyes, I inhaled deeply, enjoying the moment, the anticipation.

Insistent hands on my head and then her hips were lifting as she hastily discarded the underwear, guiding me to her with a plaintive little sound of want. 

She ignited the second my tongue contacted her clit, trashing about with a muffled scream and flooding my face with moisture. 

"Oh yeah, eat her good, Matt, make her cum again... "

Suddenly Chris was there, voice harsh with need, radiating heat. He somehow climbed onto the leather seat, bracing himself against the swaying ceiling and she sank down lower, getting her mouth around his dick. 

I was going cross-eyed, trying to check him out while still concentrating on Jessie's warm folds. Stroking myself one-handed, I let myself absorb the almost surreally beautiful scene. Jess and Chris, together over me, a study of contrasts in the flickering lights of the street passing by. 

Her soft paleness, velvety smooth. His taut muscles, all golden. Small delicate fingers with red lacquered nails gripping his flexing ass. Long strong musician ones, toying with a nipple before stroking the side of her face near where she was sucking him. Both making primal sounds of arousal, different pitches yet so alike. 

Look, look! She's going to cum again... 

Pushing my index into her boiling velvety depths, aiming up and forward, there - feeling her pussy clamp down hard, squeezing in waves.

She shrieked, yanking Chris' dick from her mouth (probably so she didn't bite it off), eyes glassy, face scrunching up tight before going slack. 

Chris glared at me through narrowed eyes, grunting. He'd been close. Slowly, gently licking all around Jessica's lips to soothe her down, I finally got a good look at his cock. It was gorgeous, thick and straight, with a sharply flared head. Shining with pre-cum and saliva, it was scorched an angry red almost to mid-shaft. He'd been really close. I longed to swallow him down and finish him off but controlled myself. Judging by the distressed look on his face, I don't think he would have resisted much if I had, but I didn't want Jess seeing something he might regret later.

Then our lady revived, ending my hesitation. Moving with renewed energy, she literally inhaled Chris. His head lolled back, mouth open in mute ecstasy. The sounds of Jess' slurping were indecent enough to give me shivers and it took me a moment to recuperate enough to start on her again. 
