 Sunlight poured through my windows and into my bedroom as I woke up on a typical Saturday morning. I pulled the blanket off my naked body and removed Becca's blue spankies from my crotch as I climbed out of my bed. The briefs were still covered in my cum from the previous night.

I tossed the damp panties aside and walked over to my desk. I sat down in the chair, grabbed my laptop, and turned the computer on. I opened my email and looked at the new mail that had arrived. I had only one new email, but it was the email that I had been eager to receive.

The erotic story from Becca had arrived. Becca was still in Orlando. However, she promised that she would send me a story that contained her adventures and the naughty things that she was doing while she was away.

I downloaded the file that Becca had attached to her email and waited for it to open.

As soon as the story was displayed in a document of Microsoft Word, I leaned back in my chair and read the story that Becca had sent me.

Becca climbed out of the taxicab. She pulled two suitcases out of the vehicle and stared at the building in front of her. She had arrived at the hotel where she would be staying that weekend.

It took only five minutes for Becca to check into the hotel and obtain her room key from the front desk. Once she had everything that she needed for her stay, Becca headed towards the elevators. As soon as she reached the elevators, five males approached her. Their ages ranged from twenty to twenty-five years old.

"You're Becca, right?" the man with brown hair and brown eyes asked her.

"Yes," she answered. "That would be me."

"I'm Kyle," he told her, as he extended his right hand. "It's a pleasure to meet you."

"Same here," Becca replied, as she shook Kyle's hand.

Becca shook hands with the group as Jacob, Tyler, Patrick, and Anthony also introduced themselves to her. Becca had contacted them ahead of time and convinced them to help her out with her upcoming projects.

"So where are you staying?" Patrick wondered, as he took Becca's suitcases from her.

"Just follow me, and I'll show you," Becca answered.

A few minutes later, the group walked out of the elevator and over to Room #603. Becca opened the door and entered the hotel room that she had reserved for the weekend's wild events.

Patrick placed both suitcases onto the floor. Then he joined the rest of the group. The five men sat down on the bed that was the closest to the door.

"So now what?" Jacob asked Becca.

"Right now, I'm going to change and prepare for this competition," Becca said, as she opened one of the suitcases and pulled out a pair of white tennis shoes. 

"Do you mind if we watch?" Kyle asked her. "You know... as you're..."

"Not at all," Becca told them, as she pulled a black and violet cheerleader outfit out of her suitcase. "In fact, I would enjoy it even more if you did. Just don't touch what you see. You'll get to do plenty of touching soon enough."

Becca kicked her flip-flops off as she prepared to change. Then she pulled her top up and over her head. She tossed the top aside and shook her rack at the horny men. 

Becca smiled as she turned around and dropped her miniskirt down to the floor. Then she pulled her panties down her legs and stepped out of them. 

"Goddamn, you are beautiful," Jacob remarked, as he stared at her naked body.

At that moment, Becca bent down and shook her ass at the men. They stared longingly at her big ass and shaven pussy. Instinctively, she raised her right hand and spanked her right cheek.

"Sorry, boys," Becca said, after a minute passed. "I'm going to have to put the show that you're enjoying on hold for now. But don't worry. You'll get to see these goodies in their entirety again."

Becca leaned forward and placed a black bow in her hair. Then she grabbed the violet cheerleader miniskirt and put it on, facing away from the men as she pulled it up her legs. 

After she adjusted her miniskirt, Becca slowly pulled the violet spankies up her legs. As she adjusted the briefs, she pulled them aside briefly so that the men could have another look at her pussy. 

Then she spun around so that the men could have another good look at her boobs. She ran her fingers over her nipples until they were perky and erect.

As soon as they were perky, Becca grabbed her black and violet cheerleader shell, put it on, and slid it down until her rack was covered. She giggled as she finished putting on her cheerleader outfit.

"God, you're so sexy," Patrick declared, as Becca put her white socks and tennis shoes on.

"What do you want us to do now?" Kyle asked her.

"You can relax in my hotel room," Becca told them, as she opened the door and stepped out into the hallway. "I'll be back shortly. Then we can have more fun."

An hour passed before Becca arrived at the college cheerleader competition in Orlando. She stood in the front row as she watched the competition begin to unfold.

One by one, the cheerleaders from each university were introduced. Becca made sure to listen carefully and take notes. Then the competition began.

Becca watched all of the cheerleaders perform their routines. She analyzed them as they jumped around and performed various stunts.

She watched the female cheerleaders as they lifted their legs up. She stared longingly at the spankies that were under their miniskirts and the way that those undergarments clung to their bodies.

Becca watched the cheerleaders' expressions whenever they had to interact with the male cheerleaders that were holding them, tossing them into the air, and catching them.

She listened to the audience and made sure to observe their reactions to what they were seeing.

Every time Becca spotted someone of interest, she raised her cell phone up and took a picture of them. She didn't want to forget anyone who could be a great employee and performer.

As soon as the cheerleader competition began to wrap up, Becca headed for the exits. She didn't need to see the outcome or hear what the judges had to say. She already knew who she was going to talk to and test. All she needed to do was obtain the necessary contact information, meet up with them, and ensure that they wanted what she did. Then the real fun could begin.

Becca smiled as the five cheerleaders that she selected climbed out of her rental car and followed her into the hotel. Becca's instincts turned out to be spot on. Most of the cheerleaders that she approached today were horny cheerleaders, and they wanted to see and learn more.

Eventually, Becca and the cheerleaders that she recruited entered the hotel room that Becca had rented. The five men promptly introduced themselves to the cheerleaders.

Once everyone finished introducing themselves, the five cheerleaders sat down on the bed that was closest to the windows. The men sat down in chairs that surrounded a hotel room table. Becca stood in the center of the room as she prepared to speak to the entire group.

"Thank you all for being here today," Becca said. "As you are aware, I am looking for cheerleaders to appear in a couple adults films of mine. Traditionally, producers attempt to recruit young women, throw cheerleader outfits on them, give them older men to perform with, and call that "cheerleader porn." But I want the real deal. I want real cheerleaders that can give me genuine performances, help me create better movies, and make my viewers keep coming... no pun intended... back for more. That's why I selected you five young ladies. That's why I wanted you to come here and show me that you're ready for this opportunity." 

Becca walked over to the bed that was closest to the door. She sat down on the edge of the bed.

"I am looking for two cheerleaders to appear in my next project," she announced. "And I also have a spot available for another woman in the event that I need one more cheerleader for that project. So two of you will have to wait until something else comes up. Any questions?"

The room remained silent.

"Good," Becca said. "So I take it this means you are all ready? Just say yes or no."

"Yes," everyone said unanimously.

"Excellent," Becca replied. "Then we can officially begin."

Becca smiled as she lay down on the bed. She pressed her back against the pillows as she prepared herself for what was to come.

"Alright, Beverley, you're up first," Becca announced. "Climb onto my bed and position yourself by my legs for the time being."

Beverley stepped forward. She had blonde hair and hazel eyes. She was wearing a cheerleader outfit that was orange with black stripes. Becca remained on the bed as she waited for Beverley to approach her. Beverley exhaled before she climbed onto the bed.

"Now the first thing that I want you to do is satisfy me down there," Becca told her. "Hopefully, you'll be willing to kiss me until I cum."

As she said those words, Becca spread her legs. Her miniskirt crawled up her legs as she showed Beverley her violet briefs. The outline of her clitoris and pussy were visible through the material. Beverley stared at Becca's crotch for several seconds before she made her first move.

Beverley raised her hands up as she placed her fingers against the waistband of Becca's panties.

Becca gasped as Beverley gripped the panties and pulled them down her legs.

Beverley removed the briefs from Becca's feet and held them up. After she examined the item, she lowered the panties and rubbed them up against Becca's clit. Becca moaned as Beverley satisfied her with her own cheerleader bloomers. After a few seconds of panty rubbing, Beverley tossed the undergarment aside and lowered her mouth until it was up against Becca's twat. She pressed her lips against Becca's pink lips and began to plant sweet kisses onto them.

Becca moaned softly as Beverley made out with her pussy. She pulled her top up and began to play with her boobs as she watched Beverley eat her out.

Beverley wiggled her tongue around as she moved it up against Becca's clit. The volume of Becca's moans began to rise as Beverley satisfied her with her mouth.

Eager to push her over the edge, Beverley sunk her teeth into Becca's pussy and increased the intensity of her kissing. Becca screamed as she orgasmed, and juice gushed out of her pussy. Beverley cried out as she felt Becca's warm cum squirt out onto her lips and tongue.

Becca pushed Beverley's head aside, moved her right hand over her pussy, and collected the cum off of her twat. She stared at it for a few seconds before she licked it off her fingers. Beverley watched Becca as she waited for her to provide feedback on her performance.

"Very good," Becca told her. "Now I want to see how well you perform on a male. You are welcome to be creative with your sucking. However, you must stop right before he cums. Kyle?"

Kyle got out of his seat and approached Beverley. He removed his belt from the pants loops and tossed it aside. Then he dropped his pants down to his feet.

"I'll let you do the rest," he told Beverley.

Beverley giggled as she pulled Kyle's boxers down and revealed his stiff cock. Then she placed it into her mouth and began to suck on it. Kyle moaned as Beverley moved the cock around her mouth. 

As she sucked on Kyle's cock, Beverley wrapped her right hand around the base of his cock and began to stroke it. She rolled her tongue over Kyle's sensitive pink flesh as she sucked and stroked his big cock. Suddenly, Kyle let out a loud cry. His orgasm had arrived.

"Oh, God!" Kyle cried. "I'm gonna cum! Oh!"

Beverley promptly removed Kyle's cock from her mouth. However, Kyle couldn't control or stop the release. He cried out as he ejaculated onto Beverley's face. She gasped as the warm white liquid hit her and began to pour down her face.

"I'm sorry, Becca!" Beverley cried, as she released Kyle's cock. "I didn't mean to..."

"That's okay," Becca replied. "You can stick around. You'll have opportunities for redemption."

Becca handed Beverley a box of tissues. Beverley grabbed a handful of tissues and wiped Kyle's cum off of her face. She sighed as she tossed the wet tissues into a nearby garbage can. 

Recognizing that Beverley was in a bad mood, Kyle decided to speak up.

"Perhaps I can make you feel better," Kyle told her. "Lay down on the bed. Come on."

Beverley climbed onto the bed where Becca sat and got down on her back. 

Kyle pulled Beverley's miniskirt up and stared at her black spankies. Then he pulled her bloomers down and removed them from her body. Beverley cried out as Kyle spread her legs, lowered his head, and began to make out with her twat. She moaned as Kyle began to eat her out.

"Feels good, doesn't it?" Becca asked her.

Beverly nodded between orgasmic moans.

Suddenly, Kyle bit down on Beverley's clit. He shook her pink lips in his mouth as he became more aggressive. Beverley shut her eyes as the intensity of her orgasm increased.

Kyle grunted as he shoved three fingers right into her snatch and began to thrust them back and forth. He licked her clit as he pounded her pussy with his right hand.

Beverley screamed as Kyle made her cum. Her sweet pussy juice gushed out of her as she climaxed. After a few seconds passed, Kyle removed his right hand from her snatch.

"Mhm, I must say, Beverley is quite the squirter," Kyle revealed, as he drank her warm cum.

At that moment, Becca stuck her right hand into Beverley's pussy and moved it around. Once she was finished playing with it, she withdrew her hand and began to lick the moist cum off of it.

"Very good," Becca remarked. "So tell me, do you feel better?"

"Yes," Beverley replied. "Much better."

"Okay, Lilah, you're up next," Becca said.

Lilah stood up as Beverley climbed off of Becca's bed. Lilah's cheerleader outfit was dark green and white. She adjusted her brown hair, making it into a ponytail, before she approached Becca.

"By the way, does it matter to you what position you're in for this?" Lilah asked her.

"I enjoy being in all kinds of positions," Becca answered. "You are more than welcome to choose which one you want me to be in."

"Good," Lilah said.

Lilah climbed onto the bed and turned Becca around so that her ass was up in the air. Then she pressed her mouth down onto Becca's pussy and began to kiss it. She moved her tongue all over Becca's sweet pink lips as she proceeded to eat her out.

Becca let out a soft moan. As soon as the sound left her mouth, Lilah spanked her right cheek. Becca cried out as she spanked her. Lilah responded by smacking her left cheek.

Lilah pushed her tongue deep into Becca's pussy as she began to lick her soaked snatch. Every time Becca moaned, Lilah spanked her ass. Becca screamed as Lilah repeatedly kissed her pussy and spanked her ass. Eventually, she came again. The warm liquid poured out of her pussy and down her legs as she orgasmed.

"Excellent," Becca remarked, as she spun around to face Lilah. "Now show Patrick how well you can perform on him."

Patrick got out of his chair and stepped forward. He dropped his pants and boxers as he exposed his erect cock. Without hesitation, Lilah snatched Patrick's cock and began to suck on it.

Patrick moaned as Lilah immediately pushed his cock to the back of her throat. Lilah was eager to savor every inch of cock that entered her mouth and made contact with her wet tongue.

As Patrick moaned, Lilah increased the intensity of her sucking.

Within a minute, Patrick's orgasm had arrived. He screamed as he prepared to cum. 

At the last second, Lilah released his cock from her mouth. She gripped it tightly and waited. Patrick let out an audible gasp as she kept the release from occurring.

"Very good," Becca said, as Lilah returned to the bed where the other cheerleaders were. "Okay, Ami, you're up next."

Ami stood up and walked over to Becca's bed. Ami had blonde hair and light green eyes. She was wearing a black and light blue cheerleader outfit. She climbed onto the bed next to Becca.

"I like my women to be sore and stretched before I make out with them," Ami told her. "Hope you don't mind."

"Not at all," Becca answered.

Ami smiled as she took her right hand and shoved four fingers directly into Becca's snatch. Becca cried out as Ami finger fucked her wet pussy. Eager to increase the volume of her screams, Ami grabbed Becca's clit with her left hand and gripped it tightly.

As soon as Becca's screams grew louder, Ami began to increase the pace of her finger fucking until the sound of her smacking fingers was as loud as Becca's orgasmic cries.

"Holy fuck!" Becca shrieked, as Ami stretched her pussy out with her firm fingers.

"Okay, that should do it," Ami said, as she withdrew her right hand from Becca's drenched snatch. "Now it's time to kiss that sore cunt and make it feel better."

Becca watched as Ami lowered her head down to her crotch and began to make out with it. She leaned her head back and screamed as Ami feasted on her sore wet pussy.

After a few minutes of rough kissing, Becca came again. Ami drank the cum right out of Becca's snatch before she lifted her head and began to prepare for the next stage.

"Alright, Anthony, it's your turn," Becca called out.

Anthony stood up and removed his pants and boxers. He smiled as he waited for Ami to approach him. His cock was already fully erect.

"Hey, Anthony, I want to make this even kinkier," Ami said, as she climbed to her feet and turned around. "Would you be willing to pull my spankies down for me?"

"I would love to," he answered.

Ami giggled as she bent down. Anthony flipped her miniskirt up and revealed her light blue panties. Then he pulled Ami's briefs down her legs and exposed her ass and shaven pussy.

"I love eating pussy," she confessed. "And I want to taste my own wet pussy while I'm sucking that big cock of yours."

With those words, Ami pushed Anthony's cock directly into her pussy and began to bounce on it. She moaned as she felt his cock rub up against the walls of her moist pussy.

After a minute of cock riding, she moved away from Anthony until his cock was out of her body. Then she spun around, got down on her knees, gripped Anthony's cock, and began to suck on it.

Anthony moaned as Ami licked his cock and the pussy juice that was on it.

Ami rubbed Anthony's cock against the sides of her mouth, refusing to show any type of restraint as she sucked on him. It didn't take long before she got Anthony to achieve orgasm.

As soon as Anthony let out an orgasmic scream, Ami removed his cock from her mouth and seized the base. She waited several seconds. After it was clear that Anthony would not cum, she released his cock, climbed to her feet, and returned to the bed where the other cheerleaders were.

"Heather, you're up next," Becca announced.

Heather promptly stood up. She had red hair and dark green eyes. She was wearing a silver and gold cheerleader outfit. She dropped her silver cheerleader briefs and hiked up her miniskirt.

"Just something to enhance the experience," Heather explained, as she kicked her panties off.

Heather got down on the bed and began to rub her pussy up against Becca's pussy. She also brushed her clit right up against Becca's sensitive clit. Becca breathed softly as her twat was stimulated by Heather's own sensitive crotch.

After a few minutes of rubbing, Heather's pussy was wet, and the moisture from her snatch had covered Becca's own pussy.

Heather lifted herself up, lowered her head, pressed her mouth up against Becca's snatch, and began to eat her out. Becca let out a high-pitched cry as she reacted to the passionate kissing.

Heather rubbed her upper lip against Becca's clit as she made out with her pussy. She could taste her own cum on Becca's twat, and it was truly fantastic.

Becca cried out as Heather made her cum again.
