 Gia and Van had thrown a fantastic party. They had invited all their friends up to the big cabin up in the Laurel highlands. It was a perfect mid-winter get-together with lots of beer and food and good company. There had been tasty venison that Van had hunted himself and roasted on a spit, and a second bonfire. Everyone had had a great time with great conversation and laughs, but the day was getting long, and dark was coming on, plus it looked like a snow-storm was headed that way. Everyone had gone home except for Brendan and his wife Heidi, who offered to help clean up.

After about ten trash bags were filled and full dark had come on, it was time for Bren and Heidi to go, but when they opened the door, a frigid blast of air and snow blew in. 

"Whew! We stayed too long! That's a hell of a blizzard out there!" remarked Heidi. "I don't think we should drive in that."

Bren was ever the hard-ass and wanted to try, but Gia would have none of it. 

"Look, we have plenty of space. You guys can just stay here til morning. You are not driving out in this! I'll make us some drinks and we can watch a movie or something."

So it turned into a cozy evening on the big couches. Somehow, Gia ended up next to Bren and Heidi next to Van. And somehow, Heidi and Van inched closer and closer to each other. Van was solid and strong and smelled warm and spicy. Heidi's mind started to wander to places no happily married lady had a right to think about. And it was not helping that Van kept accidentally touching her thigh and arms with an innocent touch here, a gentle nudge there. Her eyes kept wandering down to the bulge in his pants.

Van was not doing much better. Every time he moved, Heidi would lean into him with her soft, feminine body. He wanted to touch her and found excuses to do so. He loved Gia with all his heart, but tonight Heidi was soft and inviting, and he knew Gia wouldn't mind so much if he indulged in a little flirtation. So his touches were not as innocent as Heidi thought.

Heidi looked over at Gia and Bren and noticed that they had both dozed off after the long day. The wind was howling outside and they were just coming to the end of some weird movie about porn stars locked in a remote cabin where Ron Jeremy's dis-embodied penis was going on a murderous (yet hilarious) rampage. Heidi was just about to say something scathing about the actions on screen when the wind kicked up ferociously and the electricity – along with Ron Jeremy's penis – went out. The cabin was mostly dark except for some glowing embers in the fireplace.

"Whoops," said Van. "That's not likely to come on again any time soon. I think we have some candles in the bedroom, maybe a lantern." 

Heidi looked over at her and Van's sleeping spouses. "I'll come with you. That wind is creeping me out. I don't want to be the only conscious one in the room." 

As they turned the corner into the hallway, Van took Heidi's hand and laid it on his arm. It was pitch black once the fireplace was out of sight, so the movement made sense, but Heidi's heart skipped a beat. Since she couldn't see, Heidi's other senses starting to go into overdrive. The fuzz on his arm was so soft. It made her wonder what other fuzz on his body was soft. The softness contrasted nicely with the smooth muscle of the arm underneath. His scent was so close in the darkness, her head started to spin with it (and the drinks Gia had served). Heidi's inhibitions were slipping.

They reached the bedroom and Van steered Heidi toward the bed. "Here, sit for a second while I rummage around." He found the oil lantern he was looking for and the matches he kept next to it. He lit it, and as he turned, the natural glow fell on Heidi's face. The light glinted off her long blond hair and her wide eyes. But he didn't notice that; all he could see in the split second before she looked down was the look of raw desire in her eyes – a look pointed directly at him. Or, more accurately, directly at his crotch, which gave an instinctive twitch in response. The night was getting more interesting by the second!

"I think there are candles in the nightstand, too." Van walked toward the bed where Heidi was sitting. Suddenly, she stood up and took half a step toward him, so that they were standing chest-to-chest. The pressure felt good on her breasts. Heidi laid her hands on his forearms and looked up into his eyes.

"Van?" The word was breathless. "So, what's the deal with you and Gia?"

"What do you mean?"

"Do you think it would be alright with her if I kissed you?" Barely more than a whisper.

"Yes, I think that would be alright." Now Van's head was starting to spin.

Heidi's hand moved up to the back of Van's head, her fingers reveling in the short softness there. So much softer than Brendan's! Their lips found each other and pressed together. 

Heidi had been kissed many times, of course. Though she had only ever had sex with Brendan, having met and married young, she and Bren were rather permissive with kisses and flirtations. She didn't know exactly what to expect when she kissed Van, but she thought the familiar tension would (as usual when it was someone other than Bren) dissipate into happy contentment or a nice head rush, or both. She certainly did not anticipate her reaction – the mental fire that burned through her brain sourced from their dance of lips, and soon tongues. The fire washed over her from her mouth and the region between her legs. It spread like wildfire from those two spots to her whole body – from the top of her head to the tips of her toes. Passion. Lust. Her body was singing just one word: MORE!

Heidi broke away, and it felt like coming up for air. "You are a damn fine kisser, Van!" Her voice was heavy with lust and surprise.

"You're pretty good yourself, darlin'," Van chuckled. He smiled at her in the lamplight, and moved his head down to her smooth neck. Her skin smelled feminine and tender. He kissed and licked the skin there, and her resultant moan was very satisfying indeed! Her hands were clutching his head as he was drinking in her neck and lips, and her breathing was starting to get ragged as she pressed her breasts into his chest. Those soft globes seemed to be begging for more, it seemed to him. Van moved his hand from her back to fondle one. Simultaneously, the nipple hardened beneath his fingers and Heidi threw her head back, breaking the seal their lips had created.

"Ah!" The sound that came out of Heidi's mouth was dripping with need. Van moved his other hand to get both handfuls of breast and nipple. Her hard nipples felt like hot little gumdrops as he rolled them between his thumb and fingers, so he thought he'd like a taste. He drew Heidi's sweater and bra over her head and threw them on the floor in one motion. Van lowered his head and had a lick. So nice! Sweet and firm! He flicked at one nipple with his tongue and the other with his fingers, then switched to the other side. He could hear Heidi's groans of pleasure through her chest, her fingers kneading the back of his neck.

Heidi was on fire with sensation. No coherent words were running through her brain, but her body was shouting: More! More! More! She needed to feel his skin on hers, and she started tugging at his shirt. He moved away a little, and she pulled the garment over his head and threw it down. The motion caused her to fall onto her back on the bed, with Van on top of her. She paused to run her fingers through the copious soft curls on his chest.

"Fuzzy..." The word seemed to bypass her brain, and Heidi was only barely aware she had said anything at all. Her lustful body was in total control now, and it wanted Van. Their lips came together again, tongues entwining, stoking the heat that radiated between their bare chests.

Heidi's legs fell open in a subconscious motion. Bren had always liked that Heidi did that unknowingly when she was in a state of heightened arousal. Van liked it, too. He shifted his body so Heidi could feel the hard bulge in his pants press against her nether lips. The friction of their clothes between them was unbearable! Triply so when Van started to rhythmically move against her, the motion of his tongue matching the motion of his hips, and his thumb flicking a counter rhythm on her nipple. Heidi's clitoris started to throb with need, and a whimper escaped her mouth.

Van was having a good hard suckle on Heidi's right nipple and enjoying the hot friction against his cock when he felt Heidi's tugging at his jeans, her breath coming in little gasps. He looked up at her face and realized the little gasps were actually words.

"Please...please...please..." 

Van was not one to deny so polite a request. In a moment, the rest of their clothes had joined their shirts in the pile on the floor, and their naked bodies were pressed against each other on the bed, lips and tongues entwining again. The kisses were so sweet and hot! Van broke away and moved his head down her body, trailing kisses and licks down Heidi's breasts, her stomach, her navel. Now his hands were pushing apart her knees again, his lips working their way up her inner thighs. His beard was so soft on her tender flesh! Heidi's fire was building again, from the deepest part of her belly. 

Van moved his thumbs to Heidi's outer labia, spreading them open. He paused a minute to admire the pretty pink folds in the glowing lamplight, glistening and pulsing with need. Her little clit, smaller than Gia's, peeked out of the top of the soft folds. Van smiled and looked up into Heidi's face. It was flushed with desire, her mouth partly open, her eyes glazed with passion. Now a look a frustration flickered across it, and her fingers grasped insistently at his jaw and the back of his head.

Heidi gasped with relief and pleasure as Van dove in, licking up and down her inner labia, his tongue flicking firmly across her clitoris with each pass. And with each pass, it was bringing her closer and closer to a very fine orgasm. The deep tingle began to grow in her belly, and she started to wiggle. Van seemed to take this as a good sign and began to zero in on the source of sensation. Suddenly, he closed his lips over Heidi's clit at sucked hard and rhythmically. Heidi was brought to the precipice of orgasm, the hot burn beginning to diffuse through her body.

"Oh god! I'm coming! Ah!" Just as the words were leaving her mouth, Van thrust a finger deep into her wetness and bent it just at the right angle so that it stroked Heidi's G-spot. And instead of falling over the edge of the orgasm, Heidi burst through it with rolling waves of electricity, her hips lifting and thrashing, her cries crescendoing with each thrust. Van moved his fingers inside her and his lips and tongue over the outside of her. As Van tirelessly continued, orgasm after orgasm rolled over Heidi in rising and falling fits of passion. 

Instead of slaking her desire, the oral pleasures only made her want him more. During a lull, Heidi looked down at Van's strong body and noticed his cock, standing hard and ready. She needed to feel its steely softness in her hands! She reached down between her legs and pulled Van's head up. He trailed kisses again, this time up to her face, and his body covered hers. Now his warm, spicy scent mingled with her musk. She kissed him deeply and tasted herself on his tongue. So good! 

Her hand moved down between their bodies to grasp at his hardness, but before she could touch it, their bodies shifted, seemingly of their own accord. Heidi could feel the big head of Van's cock pressed against her wet entrance, where his mouth had so lately been. Heidi paused. Van's hands were on her hips. Her hands were on his head and lower back. But she was only aware of the hot hardness pressing against her, insistent yet motionless, waiting for invitation. The tension was unbearable, and Heidi was vibrating with need. Bren - her husband, her life partner, the man who had taken her virginity - seemed so distant. Could she? Should she? Just one little motion of her hips, one little change in angle... Heidi couldn't breathe, and passion was blurring her mind.

Van paused too, looking at Heidi's face. Something had shifted in an instant, and he wanted nothing more than to fuck her. But it was her call. He waited, his dick hard as a rock, reveling in and begging for the moist heat it could feel. 

A few unknowable shadows flickered across Heidi's eyes, then her expression cleared and she smiled a little. Looking deep into Van's eyes, Heidi rocked her hips, penetrating herself with his cockhead.

"Fuck me, Van," she cried quietly. "Please. Fuck me."

Van did not need a second invitation. He thrust into Heidi, hard. Once, twice, three times, and she was already coming again, wiggling her hips and crying out in pleasure. His breathing was deep and passionate, her fingers ferocious on his back as she matched his movements, thrust for thrust, each time feeling deeper and harder. Through the orgasms, Heidi was reveling in the feeling of Van's cockhead, bigger than Bren's, stroking the sensitive spot inside her. Heidi lifted her knees and wrapped her legs around Van's thighs, causing his cock to sink deeper into her, driving rhythmically into her cervix, causing ever-increasing throes of passion.

"Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. It's so good! So hard! Van! Oh god! Don't stop! YES! It's so good! So deep! Yes! Fuck me!" 

The words escaped Heidi's lips without her seeming to notice, but they burned in Van's ears and down to his dick. He felt the familiar pressure building. Van doubled the speed of his thrusts, shifting his hips to drive even deeper into Heidi's wetness. Her muscles were grasping at his cock over and over, in and out, harder, faster. She was coming again. Van growled and with breathless moans, he erupted into Heidi, coating her insides with hot spunk, once, twice, three times. She was coming down from her orgasm, and she milked him with her cunt muscles as her fingers kneaded his back and her legs stroked his thighs.

Van moaned into Heidi's shoulder, and then pushed himself up so he could look at her face. She was grinning at him. Heidi put her hands on his face and pulled him to her for a deep, passionate, grateful kiss.

"Thank you," she whispered.

"Thank you!" Van chuckled back at her. His dick was still in her, softening and feeling very, very satisfied. She looked beautiful, flushed with sex in the lamplight, the blizzard still howling outside.

"You are very good," Heidi said. "Gia is a lucky woman!"

"And Bren is a lucky man. You are pretty damn good yourself, darlin'!"

"We should probably go put the sleepy-heads to bed."

Van and Heidi freshened up in the bedroom's master bathroom and got dressed. Van rummaged around in the bedside drawer and found a candle. He lit it from the oil lamp, having decided to leave the closed lamp in the bedroom for light later. They took the candle down the dark hallway toward their sleeping spouses when they noticed the glow from the living room was brighter than when they left.

"One of them must have woken up and added wood to the fire," Van remarked. He turned the corner and with laughter in his voice, said, "Added 'wood', alright."

Heidi turned the corner just in time to see Gia on all fours on the big couch, her eyes rolled back with passion, her mouth open, her dark curtain of hair vibrating, and Bren behind her, his fingers dug into her voluptuous ass, pistoning her as fast as he could. 

Heidi gasped, and Brendan stopped suddenly, his cock balls-deep in Gia's dripping cunt. Gia turned to see why he stopped and saw Van and Heidi standing in the doorway looking at them. For a second, the only sounds were the howling wind, the crackling fire, and Gia's deep breathing as she came down from what had looked to be an excellent orgasm.

In one swift motion, Heidi drew her sweater and bra over her head and stepped out of her jeans and panties. She stalked over to her husband, cock still buried to the hilt 

in Van's wife. Heidi took Bren's face in her hands and gave him a deep, deep kiss.

"As long as I can watch, my love," Heidi whispered.

Bren smiled at her lovingly as she moved over to the bar stools with the now-naked-again Van. They poured a couple more drinks and sipped them slowly while they watched their spouses fucking on the couch. Bren had his typical look of concentration on his face, and was now stroking Gia deeply and slowly with his big cock. He was bent over her and his hands had moved from her hips. His hands were cradling Gia's breasts, her nipples caught between his squeezing fingers. Then one hand reached around her thigh and was stroking the upper part of her pussy. Heidi knew Bren's fingers would find Gia's clit like a homing beacon. After a little while, they did, and the moment was marked by Gia's gasp, followed by her moans, each one louder and in time with Bren's deep thrusts. Her mouth was partly open, and Heidi could see Gia's pink tongue glistening in the firelight.

"Your wife has a beautiful mouth, Van." 

Van smiled, his eyes not leaving the sexy tableau in front of them. "I know."

Heidi leaned in and bit the flesh of his arm as she reached between Van's legs, squeezing his half-hard cock. "Maybe you should go make use of it," she whispered.

Van thought that was an excellent idea. He walked over to Gia, who was crying out in orgasm, her eyes closed. He positioned his dick at her lips and waited for her to open her eyes. Gia did so and immediately devoured her husband's waiting cock. She looked up at him with a twinkle and lust in her big brown eyes, her lips moving up and down on Van's cock as she was rocking back and forth with Bren's thrusts. Van thought she had never looked more beautiful.

Gia was an expert cock-sucker, and her tongue moved up and down his shaft as her lips contracted around him. Her groans and cries of passion only heightened the blowjob, as the vibrations from her voice were causing very pleasurable sensations. Gia had been coming before Van walked over, and she was on the verge of another now that his dick was down her throat. Bren thrust hard into her cunt and squeezed her ass. Gia was pushed over the edge into a rolling orgasm, and with every scream of ecstasy, she bit down hard on Van's throbbing hardness, sometimes raking her teeth, but the suction never letting up. She knew her husband was driven wild by being bitten. 

Over and over again, Bren and Van pushed Gia to the edge of orgasm and beyond, each time her cunt massaging Bren's cock and her mouth and teeth working Van's. Van could feel the pressure building in him again, his balls drawing up, the tension succulent. 

Heidi watched from a bar stool, the fingers of one hand rolling a hard nipple, the fingers of the other hand stroking her clit while her labia undulated against the leather stool. To be stuffed in each end by two big cocks! Her mouth and her pussy were both watering. 

Gia's orgasms were coming faster and faster now, and stronger and stronger. She looked like she was thoroughly enjoying herself. Her body was rocking and vibrating, her hips moving like they were separate from her spine. Suddenly, Bren stopped, having pulled mostly out of her hot pussy, leaving just the head in. Van smiled and did the same. Gia, just on the verge of coming, hovered there, whimpering and wordlessly begging. Heidi's fingers moved faster on her own clit and pulled her nipple harder, knowing what was coming, and wanting to come with it. Brendan and Van were still holding position, and Gia's moans and cries and wiggles were getting more feverish. Heidi's fingers were working feverishly, too, the heat building from her belly through her nipples and pussy.

Bren and Van looked at each other, then suddenly they both thrust, hard. Gia's writhing lust was ferocious and beautiful. Heidi cried out with her own self-induced orgasm as Bren and Van thrust fast and in time into Gia's body, drawing out the rolling, writhing woman's orgasm to a wild peak. Bren's cock swelled and burst jism into her wildly vibrating cunt, his orgasm riding the tidal wave of hers. Suddenly, just as Brendan was finishing, Gia sighed and went limp. Van's hard cock dropped from her mouth, and Bren caught her around her waist. 
