 Note: For those of you who have read my stories, I write from my own personal experiences, with a little license, to spice it up. Fantasy is great, but what better way to tell about a hidden part of our secret lives, doing what we do, in private. This is another part that happened to me this July of 2001.

* * * * *

This is a true story. I love to sail around Pine Island, on Fishers Island Sound, which is a part of Long Island Sound, off the Connecticut coast. I'd often thought about a swim off the beach of that island...it's a quick row from my sailboat.

It was a gorgeous Thursday afternoon, when I arrived at my boat. The marina was full of sailboats, glistening in the sun, silhouetted by a crystal blue sky. The marina was full of boats, devoid of people and lacking wind. Oh great! NO WIND!. 

After a quick stop at my boat, I grabbed my gear, and headed over to Pine Island. Today would be the day for that cool swim. I rowed over and pulled up on the tiny beach. To my delight, the island was deserted. Also, a short hop over the main beach, was another beach, smaller and secluded. Great, I thought, no crowds...equals no bathing suit.

Dropping my towel and gear, I slid off my bathing suit. Just then, as it often does, a warm sensual breeze started to kick in. Have you noticed this summer's sensual breezes? Good...a quick swim and back to the boat. LET'S GO SAILING!! 

Hmmmmm...the warm breeze building caused my cock to become erect. The hair on my balls tickled the insides of my thighs. My nipples became hard, just like women's do.

After a few cooling minutes in the water I heard some laughing and giggling coming towards MY beach. Oh oh...I'm out here swimming nude. A couple has come onto the same beach. This could be an erotic but embarrassing situation. We exchanged waves and, to my amazement, the couple stripped totally nude. They had the same idea in mind as I did.

Quickly they dashed into the water. Her red hair flowing. Her breasts bounced, while the winds pointed her nipples on her torpedo tits in the right direction. She was a natural redhead. I could tell, as she had a mound of pretty red hair covering her vagina. The hair was nice and full and went to the sides of her thighs.

It was the type of bush any man would want to go down to and play around with his tongue and lips. Nice and full, protecting her delicate tulip lips between her legs. He was tall and slender, with a small waist and a fair amount of body hair.

His distinguishing feather was a seven inch cock. (I could easily judge that) . It was hanging between his legs, with a circumcised tip that was pinker than the shaft.

He started to run with her and his cock slapped against his balls and thighs. It soon became engorged with blood flowing thru the vessels, eliciting an enormous erection. I wondered if that woman could take such a big penis in her vagina. However, I am told a woman's love tunnel is very flexible and accommodating.

NOTE: I KNOW YOU ARE USING YOUR IMAGINATION, BUT GOOD, THAT'S WHAT IT'S FOR...AS THIS TRUE STORY GETS BETTER.

We spent a few minutes laughing and giggling, both of us guys getting an eyeful of her tits bouncing in the water. I stroked my cock, underwater, a few times. Her hard nipples started pointing their way in the cool water.

Introductions were made. His name was Peter, hers was Rusty (from the red hair, I would guess). Oh yes...my name is Gregg.

After a few minutes of naked fun, the moment of truth arrived, as in life, it always does. Rusty was cold and she suggested we go ashore. Without hesitation, we said yes, and scrambled to shore. Both of us had huge erections, tho mine was a paltry six inches. Peter was still a huge seven inches. Rusty was delighted at the sight.

"Okay guys, I'm glad to see you so happy", she said, "and I'm going to show you how happy I am to see those cocks of yours standing stiff".

We were both delirious and trembling, as the breeze caressed us, in anticipation of her delights. "What are you going to do, honey", Peter said to Rusty.

"Just never you mind, Peter", she said "You guys just turn around and stand hip-to-hip, with legs open. Face the same direction also". We both obeyed. I could feel Peter's warm hip press against my hip. It was an odd sensation, one I had never felt before.

Rusty went behind us. That's when it happened. We each saw a hand reach through our legs and grab onto our balls. She played with our hair, and then began to jerk us off at the same time. She had put on some suntan lotion, which made her hands very smooth and slippery. She began to stroke our hardons, first slowly and then fast. The tanned hands and red nail polish were a visual turnon...and a real treat.

"Okay guys, get those cocks up and shoot your loads for Rusty", she commanded. I was trembling to the point of weak knees. Furiously pumping us, we both got ready to shoot our loads, moaning in ecstasy. Rusty shouted, "Okay, go do it you cunt fuckers"! 

Both Peter and I screamed. Golden hands, red nail polish, really got us going. At that instant, we both shot our loads of milky white jizm, and yelled out in orgasm. The milky white popped out and nuzzled in the sand. Wow...easier to be struck by lightning, to have this happen, I thought. But it's true and it did happen.

After shooting our loads in the sand, neither Peter nor I was finished with Rusty. The best was yet to come. Peter barked out, "Rusty, bend over and get it, you cunt". But, bending over wasn't what you think it would be. As I told you, Rusty had a build, and she appeared to be nimble and athletic.

Sure enough, she was. She bent over backwards, not forward. Her hands laid out in the sand, and her head was hip level. Her tits stuck straight up in the air, and her feet were planted on the ground. She revealed the most beautiful cunt lips I'd ever seen.

Peter then said, "Okay Gregg, get it any way you want...and don't be shy, she loves to get a man's natural meat inside...going bareback is fine". Dumbfounded, I put my cock inside her vagina. There was no tight entry. She was moist and ready to receive it. Peter put his cock in her mouth.

We both proceeded to jerk off inside this lustful, erotic woman's holes. She started slowly, to masturbate my penis with her pussy lips, sending me into ecstasy. As I watched Peter jerk off in her mouth and fondle her tits at the same time, my member became even more stiff.

It was the most intense fucking, both physically and visually and verbally. I was so turned on by this couple. But, where did they come from?

After the two of us got milked, pumping and furiously ramming her, cum filled her mouth and trickled down her thighs. I got to lick her inside thighs. Peter got a full mouth kiss and the cum was passed back to him.

A little exhausted, we stepped back and laughed and giggled. Just like kids. But, the fun wasn't over.

"C'mon guys, don't get soft on me", Rusty said, "girls just wanna have fun...like me". Peter and I looked at each other. She wanted more.

Peter exclaimed, "Okay Rusty, what's the plan"?

"Bend over and grab your legs", she laughed. "Okay guys, smile for the doctor. Yes, the doctor is in". (That's a nautical term, used at the summer olympics, in Freemantle. Remember?)

Her "doctor" was another sort. Instantly, we both got a finger in the ass, stroking it to keep our erections alive. Imagine what it looked like. Rusty used some her cum juices to lubricate her fingers, and it served the purpose. Both our erections were full blown, with blood rushing through the veins. 

I glanced at Peter. It was apparent that he and Rusty had done this many times before. He had an intense smile of pleasure and lust on his face. Rusty screamed for us to finish her off.

"You fuckers, finish me off with those cocks of yours", she screamed, "fuck me, now, and hard".

I'll never forget what happened next. "Okay Gregg, go get it", Peter yelled. Rusty was a real gang banging cunt.. Something told me this wasn't her first time. I laid down on the sand, with my erection standing stiffly up in the wind. Rusty lubricated it with some of her own cunt juices.

At this point, I told her to sit on my cock, but to put it up her ass. She did as I asked, "oh my god, it's ripping me up".

"You don't fool me bitch, I know it is what you crave", I said. And I was right. In the meantime, as my dick pushed its way in, Peter was able to get down on his knees, and proceeded to ram his tool in her cunt. It wasn't hard to do, as she was facing away from me, but lying on my chest. My hands were clenching and twisting on her nipples.

He got down just low enough to slip it inside her love tunnel. He was really close to her, so the position wasn't hard. To my amazement, I could feel his penis rubbing up against mine, separated by only a small amount of tissue. Now, this is really what happens when a woman is getting it in both holes at once. You can actually feel the other guy's cock rubbing up on yours...what a feeling!!! "Holy shit, give it to me, you fucking bastards", the bitch screamed out.

And we did, for about ten minutes of rocking and dick fucking. Both Peter and I were really talking dirty to her, and thrusting our members simultaneously. We were actually able to cum all at once, all three of us, and we locked together at the point of orgasm. It's hard for me to describe the feeling. You can only imagine it. Stretching her pussy and asshole at the same time...wow!!! It was quite a sight.

We both continued fucking, his dick rubbing alongside me, and again had an intense orgasm. You can do that easily, with two cocks rubbing against each other inside a woman's pussy...melting it into sweet juices.

After five minutes of hard humping, all three of us came into orgasm. Then, we laid on the beach, being caressed by the wind and sun. Wind???? Yep...time to go sailing.

We got up, put on swim suits and went back to the first beach. We said goodbye and jumped in our dingys. I rowed back to my new Catalina sailboat and I found out where they came from.

On the jetty that covers the East side of the marina, is a string of beach houses. At the end of the jetty, is a tiny white house with a red roof. Yep, your idea, and my idea, of a tiny shack at the beach. One bedroom, one level. 

Yes, the white house with the red roof...but that's my next story.

I hope you enjoyed this true story, and I would love to hear from you. Please send me an email soon and, please vote. Caio