 I gradually awoke to the sounds of birds singing, and the bright morning sunlight shining through the thin membrane of the tent. The first thing I became aware of was that I wasn't in my sleeping bag; I was lying naked on top of it. The second thing I realised was that I wasn't alone; there was someone else in the tent with me. Not that I was expecting to be alone, of course. I knew that Kyle would be lying either in or on his own sleeping bag beside me. I smiled and, without opening my eyes, wrapped my arms around him. Then I quickly pulled them away and my eyes snapped open. Was I mistaken, or had I just touched a pair of breasts? I glanced down at the figure sleeping beside me.

The girl was tall, with long blonde hair and looked about 18. She had a slim figure, and generous breasts roughly the size of half grapefruits. Each one was tipped with penny size areolas and tiny nipples. I stared in shock at the young woman, lying beside me as naked as I was, with her legs a little apart and her pussy lips slightly open. My sudden movement, touching her then pulling away, had disturbed her, and she twitched slightly as she slowly began to wake up. Without opening her eyes, she smiled and spoke.

"For someone who's never done it before, you seemed quite . . . . . . . knowledgeable." What did she mean by that? Suddenly I gasped as my thoughts returned to the previous evening, and I remembered what had happened and what I had done. My shock and embarrassment quickly turned to panic. Where was Kyle? I jumped up and began searching for my clothes, and that's when I realised. I wasn't in my tent. This one was a little bigger than ours, and the walls were of a different colour. The worst thing, though, was that it didn't have any of my clothes in it. I rummaged through the jumble of clothes, but the only item I found that was mine was a pair of knickers. I felt the heat in my cheeks rise as I remembered how I had ended up here.

We had arrived at this campsite at about 5.30 the previous evening, having made a wrong turn somewhere on the way to the music festival. Kyle had suggested we spend the night here and find out what was going on, before moving on this morning should we not like it. We'd set the tent up, then gone to get something to eat. It was in the dining tent that we'd met Ashleigh, the girl I had apparently spent last night with. A friend of hers had visited the festival last year, and told her how much she had enjoyed it. Although she couldn't make it this year, Ashleigh had decided to come on her own.

After dinner, Kyle and I had met up with Ashleigh at the opening ceremony, and it was there that we discovered that this wasn't a musical festival at all. Lustonbury was an annual event that had been started three years previously, and seemed to be an erotic celebration of free love. The young woman in charge had opened the ceremony by allowing her two assistant organisers to strip her naked, and indulge in all manner of sexual activities with her, while the rest of us watched. Although most of the spectators hadn't been watching for very long, they had been too eager to get going with each other. Kyle and I had been the last two to get involved, and this had been with some reluctance. Not that we weren't interested in sex, it was just that the whole situation seemed a little bizarre. Ashleigh noticed that we didn't seem to be joining in with the spirit of things, and had called us over. Her clothes had been scattered all around her and a man of about 30 was impaling her on his cock from behind. A woman of about the same age had her hand clasped around the teenagers left breast, squeezing and massaging it while she sucked and nibbled on the nipple. Ashleigh had been massaging the other breast herself. Now she offered it to me. "Come on Dani, come and have a nibble on this." I made a nervous glance at Kyle, but he just shrugged his shoulders. Not really sure what I was doing, I stepped closer to Ashleigh. When I reached her, I took the soft, firm flesh of her young breast in my shaking hand and lowered my mouth to her nipple.

Ashleigh's small nipple was rough against my wet tongue. It was soft to begin with, but as I began to suck on it, licking with my tongue and tugging gently with my lips, it began to harden. As I continued my oral stimulation of the girl's delicious breasts, she began to moan. I couldn't tell if this was due to my own attentions, that of the other woman nibbling on her left breast, or the man who was making quick, rough thrusts into her pussy. I guessed it may have be a culmination of all three.

"Danielle, what are you doing?" Kyle's voice seemed to be coming from a great distance. All I could think about was the exquisite taste of Ashleigh's gorgeous breasts, and how they felt in my hands and mouth.

"She's enjoying herself, handsome," another voice responded. "Why don't you do the same?" Still chewing, I turned my head slightly to see who had spoken. There was a tall, red headed girl standing right in front of him, her naked breasts pressed hard into Kyle's chest. One hand was inside the fly of Kyle's trousers' while the other had taken hold of one of Kyle's hands and was guiding it through the smooth patch between her legs. Kyle caught my glance, and gave me a nervous look. Its okay, go with it I flashed back, still not taking my attention off Ashleigh's body.

As I continued sucking, nibbling and licking, I felt hands beginning to caress my own body. Someone was stroking at my own chest and stomach through the fabric of my thin blouse. Looking down for a second, I saw that it was the 30 year old male, his cock still firmly embedded inside Ashleigh but now thrusting slower, concentrating on groping at my body. Moving one hand away from Ashleigh and down my own body, I began to slowly undo the buttons of my blouse. The other hand continued to squeeze and massage Ashleigh's glorious right tit. Once I had undone all the buttons, I moved the sides of the shirt away, exposing my cupped 32A breasts to the hungry eyes of the strange man groping them. He didn't bother undoing my bra, but instead just pulled the cups off each breast, causing the nipples to spring free like elastic. Tilting his head so he could get in between my body and Ashleigh's he then began his own assault on my breasts, much in the way I had been doing with Ashleigh. The major difference between what I was doing, however, and what Kyle had done to me in the past was that this man was far rougher. Rather than lightly nibbling and sucking, his teeth were aggressively biting and chewing at my nipples. I could feel his sharp teeth, and the cries that came from my mouth were as much from pain as they were from pleasure. Even so, part of me was enjoying his assault of my chest, and was eager for it to continue. In order to prevent any discouragement that my cries may have caused, I took hold of the back of his head with both hands and pulled him closer, holding his face against my heaving breasts. He continued to nip and bite at my nipples, and as he drew his teeth away between attacks, I could see the scratches and bite marks around my areola.

As the man continued his hungry assault of my breasts, I looked over his head to see what Kyle was up to with the red head. He no longer had his hand between her legs, but was now kneeling in front of her, with his tongue lapping at her pussy. The girl herself had her head thrown back, and was moaning and groaning as she held my boyfriend's head in place, ensuring that he wouldn't cease his oral assaults until she was ready. As I continued to watch, I felt a sharp pain between my legs. Grunting, I looked down to see that my aggressive partner was now roughly thrusting his monster cock inside me. I continued to groan as his throbbing hardness drove deeper inside me, expanding my tight pussy with its vast size. As he was now concentrating on screwing me, the man had taken his attention away from my breasts. Ashleigh now took advantage of this by slipping her own mouth round my areolas, her soft delicate tongue soothing my sore, swollen nipples. I didn't know whether to groan in pleasure at the attention I was getting to my chest, or in pain at the violent assault I was getting deep inside my pussy. The man had been so hungry for my body; he hadn't even bothered to remove my knickers. He had simply pulled the material to one side, so as to make room for his engorged cock, which now moved rapidly inside me.

Gripping onto the man's back, I lifted one leg and wrapped it round him, pulling him in even deeper. My nails clawed and scratched at his naked back, as I moaned and whimpered, his own hands gripping my ass. Now supported only by his grip on me, and my grip on him, I began to shake with each thrust as he withdrew then rammed his cock back inside me. Looking over his shoulder, I got another look at Kyle, who now had the redhead on her back on the grass. He was lining his own cock up at the entrance to her pussy, and when he saw I was watching he shifted round slightly so I could see him penetrating her. As he spread her legs wider, I stared at the folds of her pussy lips and her hard clit, fully exposed from its protective hood. Still looking at me, Kyle forced his hard rod deep inside her and the girl screamed out as his entire length penetrated her. This was all I needed to push me over the edge. I groaned loudly as the walls of my pussy contracted, and pulled tight around the cock inside me, but it continued to move. My lover increased the power behind his thrusts, almost ripping my tight pussy apart and increasing the intensity of my orgasm. The waves were still spreading when the iron rod inside me stiffened, then began to throb. Warm fluid flowed inside me, and leaked out of my pussy. It trickled along the cock still inside me, and dripped down onto the grass below us.

In the confines of Ashleigh's tent, I made another futile attempt to locate the rest of my clothes, while trying to cover my naked body. What had I been thinking? How could I have allowed all these people to violate me like this? It must have been the situation. All these people intoxicated on lust had made me lose my inhibitions and do something I would not normally do. With total strangers, and with a woman! I shuddered as I remembered Ashleigh's lips around my nipples, and her tongue around my pussy. Tears began to sting at my eyes as I rummaged through the girl's possessions, but nothing there was mine. How could I leave this tent and enter that pit of animals in nothing but my panties? I could already hear moans and groans of pleasure emanating from outside. Then, amongst the sounds of lust, I made out a familiar voice calling my name.

"Danielle? Danielle, where are you?" It was Kyle, out there somewhere, looking for me.

"Kyle!" I shouted, opening a gap in the door of the tent. "I'm in here." The gap I made was hopefully large enough for Kyle to hear me through, but not large enough for other people to see me in my nudity.

"Where?" the voice came back. It definitely seemed closer now. He seemed to be heading in this direction.

"Over here!" I decide to take a chance and, undoing the zip further, stuck my head out. The scene that greeted me was nowhere near what it had been the night before, but it was still not what I would call normal. Most of the lustful moans and groans were coming from inside the tents now, though there were still several couples and small groups engaged in adult activity on the damp grass. I could see Kyle, he wasn't very far away but he had his back to me. I called his name again, and he turned and saw me. As he ran towards me, I began to struggle out of the tent, still completely naked but no longer bothered. When he reached me he grabbed hold of me and pressed his mouth roughly against mine, exploring my mouth with his tongue. He slid his hand between my legs, probing my wet, sticky pussy with his fingers, but I pulled away.

"Not here," I groaned. "Lets go home. Now. I've had enough of this place."

"Okay. Let's just get you dressed and get the tent down, then . . ."

"No!" I shook my head violently. "I don't want to spend another minute here."

"But your naked!" Kyle protested.

"I don't care! Lets just get in the car and go." Kyle looked at me for a moment, at my untidy hair, teary eyes and heaving breasts. Then he took me in his arms and kissed me again.

"Ok," he said. "We'll just get in the car and go."

To be continued . . .