 Scene 1 - The Invitation

Louise hadn't been sure about coming to this school reunion, not sure at all. She hadn't been anywhere near her old school for over 20 years, didn't really know anybody there anymore - and to be honest, she didn't have much desire to meet any of her old friends anyway.

Life had changed for Louise in the 20 or so years since she had left school. She had become successful in business, and was now quite the prim and proper conservatively dressed business woman. Just over 5 foot tall, she had one style and it worked for her, simple black dresses which complemented her shoulder length hair, her deep brown eyes, her smiling face and her figure which was always discreetly hidden under her too high necklines and her knee length hems. She had gloriously full breasts and a pair of shapely legs which just gave a hint of what else was under that dress, not that anybody would know.

At school things had been different, Louise had enjoyed the attentions of many men, but that was all history now, she didn't even remember any of it.

Louise had bumped into Andy by chance in a railway train travelling home from London after a business trip. She had no clue about who the good looking man was across the carriage, who kept glancing at her, she was quite carried away working on her laptop, listening to rap on her headphones. As the train pulled out of Basingstoke, he switched seats to be opposite her.

"Excuse me" said Andy, "aren't you Louise, who used to go to school in Leeds? I'm Andy, I was Head Boy there, we were never in the same class, but I'm sure I recognise you."

"Pardon" said Louise, " what are you talking about?"

"Yes, it is you" laughed Andy, "how could anybody forget your smiling face and voice. How are you? It must have been years since any of us have seen you."

"Do I know you?" replied Louise, " I'm dreadfully sorry, but I don't have the best memory in the world"

They got chatting, Louise didn't really remember who Andy was, but he was good company, dressed like her in business attire, handsome and was clearly successful and dare she admit it, he was quite charming. Nevertheless, she played along for around 30 minutes and pretended that she knew him as they chatted until he got off at Southampton.

"Oh" said Andy as the train pulled into his station, "are you coming to the school reunion in 5 weeks time?"

"I wouldn't think so" replied Louise, "I haven't been back for years"

"It'll be fun, give me your mobile number and I'll text you the details, quite a few of our year group will be there. You'll never believe it but 4 of our old teachers are still there too, they're a good bunch, you'll like them" said Andy.

Louise was a bit flustered by the whole conversation and scribbled her mobile on a scrap of paper and gave it to Andy as he got off.

"Bye" he said, "hope to see you in a few weeks then" he said as he opened the door and got off the train.

Louise kicked herself, "Why did I do that" she asked herself as the train pulled out of the station, "I don't know him, I don't think I remember him, why on earth did I give my mobile?" Still she reasoned that she would be unlikely to hear from him again and even if she did, she could ignore any texts. Reassured, she dozed off for the rest of the journey.

Scene 2 - The Pub

"Any of you remember Louise?" asked Andy at the pub.

He was with a group of his mates back in Leeds, Dave, Trevor, Keith and Dan were all teachers still at the school for over 25 years, all married, but not happily ever after. Chris was there too, he had been Andy's friend at Uni. They made an unlikely group of 6, 4 in there 50s, 2 much younger, but they used to go out once or twice a month.

"I don't either really", said Andy when he got no reply, "I think she may have been a bit of a goer at school, but I never got a go - so to speak. Nowadays, she looks great, but there's not much chance even of a flirting look let alone anything else, definitely little Miss Proper now."

"I'm always up for the challenge" said Dave, "there's nothing quite like taking a good sensible looking woman, and transforming her into a crazed slut desperate for cum and a good fucking, you know that! What does she look like?"

"5 foot, smiling face, brown eyes, shoulder length hair........." said Andy

"Cut the poetry" said Keith, " you know what we want to know"

"Ok, ok. I didn't even get a glance at her breasts, but under that dress, I suspect they are a good 36+, certainly large enough for us to share" he laughed. " Legs were shapely, slightly tanned, her knees were slightly apart, but I didn't get a view of her panties"

"She wouldn't be wearing them for long if she ever met us!!" said Dan chuckling.

"Nice red lips, mouth the right size and shape" continued Andy

"Yes, yes and her bum??" said Chris, "you know what I like".

"Didn't get a chance to see" said Andy, "but hey, you lot might, I invited her to the reunion. If we play our cards carefully, we could find out what is hidden beneath that dress. If we are really smart we might even get to party with her".

"Nice dream Andy", said Trevor, "she won't come just on the basis of seeing you, she needed a real man, like one of us to invite her. Shame though, I could do with some girl licking my dick, it's been a while, never mind."

Scene 3 - Getting changed

Why had she done this, Louise kept thinking to herself. This really wasn't her scene at all. But when she got the text from Andy, whom she'd met on the train, she found herself agreeing to go.

She was in the North anyway for a few days, everybody thought she'd be at a business dinner, but tonight she'd be back at school. To be honest, she was a bit intrigued by Andy, he had been rather a distant Head Boy, the sporty sort really who hung around with the boys. She'd never had a long conversation with him until the train the other week.

She chose her clothes carefully. It was roasting hot, the hottest night of the year so far. The reunion was at a local hotel and she thought that all of her ex-friends would dress up. She decided to go for simple. As she put on her underwear she looked at herself in the hotel room mirror. She wouldn't normally wear plain white underwear, but tonight she had bought some, a simple lowish cut bra and small panties, both made from a silky and smooth material. She looked great, she thought. Louise always got turned on by the sight and thought of being naked anyway, but the white set off her skin just right. Her breasts showed a touch more than she was used to and her small white pants looked full. She pulled the pants aside and looked in the mirror, "wow" she thought, the white of the pants contrasted against the pink of her skin, the dark hair of her pussy and the hint of red lips within, glistening with her juices. She looked hot, and felt hot.

"This won't do", she thought, "late again". She slipped on a red blouse, a new black skirt which was loose and flowing, just above the knee and a pair of black heels. "Not bad", she thought and noticed that as she walked across the room, the skirt was a little more flowing and higher then she would normally wear, you could glimpse her thighs as she walked - she saw this in the mirror and smiled inwardly.

"Must go" she thought and left for the party.

Scene 4 - Arrival

They were chatting at the bar, as usual, but hadn't started drinking yet, there was time for that later.

Dan saw her first. "Who or earth is that?" he asked the group, "this place is full of middle aged women, and look at her, what a stunner, she must be in the wrong place".

"That's Louise, I told you about her the other week" said Andy, "I wasn't really expecting her to show, but there she is".

Keith looked over at her and greedily looked at her tits. "Ok gang, we need a plan, Andy you go and talk to her, keep her company, nice and friendly. She doesn't seem to know anybody else yet. Don't try anything though, we'll play this nice and slow. I think we'll have a little entertainment with Louise by the end of this evening, what do you lot think?"

"I'm in" said Trevor.

"Me too" and Chris and Dave at the same time.

Dan just looked at her across the room, imagining his cock was already being encased by those lips and pumping in and out of Louise's mouth.

"He's in too", smiled Keith. "Right Andy off you go, we'll soon be seeing what this little girl is made of"

Scene 5 - Introductions

"Hi Louise, you made it! What a great surprise" said Andy as he walked to her.

She turned, looked up at him and smiled "Andy I think you might be the only person I know, how can that be?".

He bent down, and kissed her on the cheek, and as he did so, took a swift glance down her blouse. She only had two buttons undone, so the view was restricted, but he could see the start of what promised to be a nice pair of tits. Full, pink and ready to be sucked.

"You look great" Andy said, "I wouldn't have recognised you from 20 years ago".

"You look great yourself", said Louise, and she meant it. She felt a little flustered again, she felt surprised and a little ashamed that this man whom he hardly knew was having an affect on her. She felt a little guilty about her husband, who thought that she was at a business dinner, but here she was, back in her past, on her own - and feeling a more than a little horny.

She had no time to reflect though, Andy took her by the shoulder and pulled her to where the rest of the gang were.

"Do you remember any of these?" he asked, as he introduced Dave, Trevor, Keith and Dan. "They were teachers at the school, and sadly still are!!!"

"Hi guys", said Louise, "sorry but I've a dreadful memory, I don't remember any of you!!!!! Did you teach me?"

Dan laughed, "We're all too old to remember anything nowadays, so don't worry we won't be offended"

Trevor whispered to Dave, "we may not have taught her then, but we'll teach her a few things tonight....."

Keith said "would you like a drink?"

"No thanks" said Louise, "I don't drink"

Again Trevor muttered to Dan "you might be drinking my cum by the end of the evening, young lady".

Dan smiled, "yep, I think so".

Keith decided to speed things along a bit. Chris came over and Andy introduced him to Louise. As her turned to say hello, she bumped into Keith who quickly and expertly undid another button on her blouse. Now you could see the top of her bra and her gorgeous breasts peeping out of the top. Dave stared down at her and inwardly licked his lips, he imagined sucking on one tit, whilst someone sucked on the other.

Louise was surrounded by the six men, Andy was young and fit, as was Chris. The others were clearly older, but they were still good looking. She was enjoying herself as she chatted in the middle of the circle.

The room was getting busy and there wasn't much space. People were having to jostle in the noise as the disco stared, way too loud. The men, took the advantage of a quick touch here and there, a hand on her arm, a brush past her bum, nothing obvious, nothing she noticed. Neither did she notice another button get undone, so the her bra and the top of her soft creamy tits were now on display.

Keith said "have you ever been back to the school?, it's changed a bit, but somethings are the same. Its loud here, why don't we go to the school and show you around. Have you ever been inside the staffroom?"

"OK, that sounds fun, I don't know anybody here anyway" said Louise who was flustered again. It had been ages since a group of men had paid any attention to her.

"Come with us then", said Dan, "we'll go in my people carrier". He led the way out of the room.

A number of people turned to look as they left. They saw what Louise had missed. They saw a woman, blouse half undone, bra on display, leaving with 2 men and 4 teachers, all proudly displaying enormous erections in their trousers. "I hope she likes sex" said one girl to another, "because like it or not, she is going to get quite a bit tonight"

Scene 6 - The staffroom

"Is this it?" asked Louise "it's a bit small".

"Well us teachers have a hard life", said Trevor. "Sit down here, you'll be more comfortable".

There was a sofa, room enough for three, in front of a coffee table where Louise guessed that during the day there would be lots of books stacked ready for marking. She sat in the middle of the sofa, Chris and Andy sat either side of her, Keith sat on the other side of the table. Trevor, Dan and Dave sat on seats at the back of the room out of the way, but with a good view of what what about to happen.

Andy and Chris had chatted to her in the car, about her life, what she liked, she felt comfortable with them and enjoyed chatting with them. It was no surprise when Andy put his arm around her shoulder and drew her towards him. The others pretended not to notice and talked amongst themselves, all the while stealing glances.

Andy kissed her on the lips, he tasted good, she thought and let him.

After a few minutes, Chris began stroking her leg, Andy the same. Louise didn't seem to notice, or if she did, she didn't object. They stroked her legs and then pulled them apart slightly, to give Keith a view of her legs and pants, white, small and maybe a little bit damp he thought. The others watched silently, beginning to stroke their cocks through their trousers.

Andy took Louise's hand and guided it to his cock. He was hard, he was desperate, she was losing control of her actions and began a slight rubbing up and down, stroking his cock, pulsing in her hand, as they kissed. Chris began kissing her neck and ear, she moaned slightly. He undid the rest of the buttons of her blouse. Her tits looked great in her silky white bra. Trevor motioned to Chris and Andy to pull her legs wider apart, they both gently guided her knees apart as far as they would go, Louise's response was moan again and to begin rubbing Andy's cock harder.

"Would you like to lick my cock" whispered Andy into Louise's ear. It was more a statement than a question.

She looked into the eyes of the former Head Boy and nodded. "Will you do what I tell you?", asked Andy. Again she nodded, oblivious to the others in the room.

"Get on your hands and knees on this coffee table and face me", he said. She complied, her skirt riding up her things, not quite exposing her panties.

Andy stood in front and dropped his trousers and pants, his cock stood out and pointed right at he face. She looked, it looked gorgeous, a shiny head with a bead of pre-cum forming at the end. "Lick it" Andy commanded. She stuck out her tongue and licked the head all over before taking his helmet into her mouth and sucking.

The others all looked on with desire and then Keith acted. He stood up, unfastened her skirt at the waist and pulled it up her body to bunch around her midriff. He pulled her legs apart and then pulled her pants aside. Her pussy was on full show to all the men, but she hadn't noticed, or didn't care. He had a pair of scissors and cut her pants off, then pulled her hairy cunt lips apart to show the boys what was on offer. She looked gorgeous, pre-occupied in sucking Andy's cock, but with her cunt pulled apart to show her inner flaps, pink and inviting, her arse also looking a tasty treat.

Andy said to her "do you want my cock inside you?". "Yes" she longingly replied. "Well, here's the deal" he said, "I will, but not til my friends have had some fun first....."

She realised in shock that her pants had gone and she was on full display to all of them. She froze to the spot, too scared to speak, and only just made out Keith say "let's fuck her boys, fuck her hard and make her drink our cum", she heard the cheer though as her cunt lips got pulled wide apart and someone started licking her clit.

Scene 7 -- Demarcation

"Stop, stop", said Andy, "let's sort ourselves out here and see what we've got. Hold her in place whilst I have a look".

Dan, Dave and Trevor held Louise's arms and legs spread on the coffee table, she was still on all fours, with her blouse undone, skirt up at her waist, and black heels on. Her pants were on the floor, cut into two pieces.

Andy came and looked closely at her cunt and her puckered asshole. He licked gently, tasting both holes -- and smiling.

"Right you lot", he said, " get your clothes off and stand in a line over there".

They obeyed him, took all of their clothes off and stood in a line together, leaving a space for him in the middle. He did the same and joined them.

"Louise", he instructed, "look at what you are about to get".

She looked at them. Chris and Andy were in the middle, both were slim, 5ft 11 ish, fair hair, not very hairy bodies, pink skin, but most importantly, both had cocks, average length, but standing up proudly. They had both rolled their foreskins back and both had red helmets, glistening in the light. Their cocks looked gorgeous, and despite her predicament, Louise was desperate to touch, hold and taste them.

The others were a slightly different prospect....4 older teachers, shorter in height, a bit paunchy around the middle and very hairy, even with their cocks standing to attention they were a rather less appealing prospect.

"Stand up and take all your clothes off in front of us", commanded Andy. What could she do? She could run, she could fight, she could scream, but..... those two gorgeous cocks, she really wanted them.

Louise stood up, removed her blouse and just stood there in bra and shoes. "Hurry up and take your fucking bra off, we want to see your tits" said Dan. She reached back and undid the strap and let her bra fall to the floor.

Her tits were large, full and made to be sucked. Her nipples were a dark pink and stood out slightly. All the men drooled at the prospect of grabbing a handful of her breast. Her legs were apart, pert bum sticking out at the back, her pussy was hairy at the front, but from where they were, they couldn't see her the entrance to her holes.

"Find me something to write with", Andy said to Dan. He found a stick of red chalk. Andy walked over to Louise and drew on her. A band around her left leg, just above the knee. Then he repeated by drawing a band in red chalk around her right leg at the same height. "What are you doing?" asked Trevor.

Andy didn't reply, but then drew a band around Louise's waist, just below her belly button.

She stood there, marked up with chalk, just wearing her heels.

"Here are the rules", Andy said to the others, "if you don't like it, fuck off now and leave.

"Trevor, Dan, Dave and Keith. Louise is ours, Chris's and mine. You can have the parts of her body above the waist and the legs below the knee. The bits in-between the chalk lines, her groin, her bum, her pussy, her thighs, these bits are for Chris and I only" 

"You must be joking" said Trevor.

"Nope" said Andy, " that's all that's on offer tonight. Take it or leave it."

"Why are the knees and calves ours?" asked Dan

"Easy" said Chris, " can't you guess? So that two of you can hold her legs spread apart whilst I fuck her up the arse".

Louise heard this and shuddered, she had never been taken anally before, she had no idea what this would feel like.

Keith shrugged his shoulders "beggars can't be choosers, come on Dave, you grab her left tit and I'll have her right tit. Let's get on with it........"

Scene 8 -- And so it starts

They pulled me over to the sofa, two of them held me down and started sucking on my tits. They sucked my nipples into their mouths and teased them with their tongues. Then they tried to suck more and more of my breasts into their hungry mouths until they each had a mouth full of titmeat.

I was on the sofa, two either side of me devouring my breasts and then I felt my legs being spread again. A tongue began lapping my cunt with a wild fury. Up and down on my clit, the rasp of its surface stimulating me. Faster and faster it went, and I began to lose it. I shut my eyes.
