 "Fuck this slut like the cock whore she is!"

Oh, fuck yes, please do, thought the cock whore in question. All of you... I need all your cocks... ram them up my cunt... my ass... down my throat... as much as you can fit in at once, and then that much more...

The sex-starved cock whore would have said all these things out loud, in furious, desperate screams, but she had her mouth full of cock. And throat full, too. And this was surely just her imagination, but it was beginning to feel like this glorious slut-splitter was reaching all the way down into her stomach.

With a slurping gasp, the dick-desperate cock whore pulled her head back, inch... after inch... after inch...

After foot.

"Fuck yeah," she gasped through ribbons of drool. "Fuck yeah!"

"You want one more, then, you jizz bitch?" jeered the Goddess, one hand mashing her own head-sized tits, the other blurring between her legs.

"One more?" the abuse-addicted cock whore moaned. "One more?" She lunged forward blindly, unable to see through the gobs of cum plastering her skank face. So many loads had been blasted over her in the last five hours, and she hadn't been fucked anywhere but the mouth. And they had been fucking her mouth; none of them had been content with idly letting her suck. 

Crawling sightlessly forward, her sperm-smeared face met the Goddess's leg, slick with the juices gushing from her overwhelmed twat. The cum-craving cock whore dragged her tongue up the river of pussy juice as she climbed the Goddess's body, smearing warm jizz on her legs, her cunt, her tits, and then her face.

She clamped her lips onto the other woman's mouth, and proceeded to try and suck her tongue out, bringing to bear such force that the two slut queens fell right over. 

The fuck-freak cock whore released the Goddess's tongue and snarled, "Listen to me, Bitch Babe, I'm getting fucked, and I'm getting fucked right fucking now!" 

The other blonde bombshell pinned beneath her, the cock whore slapped both hands on those impossibly perfect tits and squeezed her fingers away. "So much fucking cock, and I haven't felt any of it up my fuck holes!" She spat a great gob of jizz and drool into the tit valley beneath her. "I need them, all of them, right fucking now!"

The Goddess beneath her arched her back, causing those reality-defying jugs to swell up into the cock whore's hands. She squirmed spastically, moaning, purring. "Tell me what you need, fuck skank. Tell me exactly what a worthless piece of cock-absorbing bitch ass needs."

The wreckage-wanting cock whore seethed in a furious breath. "I need a hundred dinosaur-hung studs to climb onto and into me. I need a mile of cock ruining every inch of my slut body. I want to set the record for the amount of dick in a whore at one time, then break that record and set a new one. I need my nipples smacked red, my ass opened up like a doggy door, and my cunt bruised and wrecked. Then I need you to suck all the cum off this sex-powered depravity machine, and feed it to me. And then I need to do it all again." 

The fuck-fueled cock whore oozed pussy juice into the just-as-messy cunt beneath her, and ground their slick mounds together with maniacal intensity.

The Goddess slurped her cum-matted lips. "Ask, and you will receive, cock whore."

Strong, rough hands grabbed her tits from behind, crushing her nipples in and unleashing a waterfall of sex juice from the cock whore's throbbing gash. She was lifted up off the Goddess by her gigantic jugs, feet dangling in the air. 

The cock whore screamed out in blistering ecstasy. "Fuck yes! Fuck! Squeeze my fucking titties! Crush them with your big strong hands! Ahhhhh!" 

Supported only by the hands clamping into her tits, the ruin-relishing cock whore felt cock between her juice-slathered pussy lips. But she was not being penetrated, she was being hung on it like she was an object. The massive shaft supported some of her weight, and the excruciating, delicious pressure on her tits lessened. 

Sitting on the dick, she wiggled frantically, trying to fuck herself with the side of the meat branch. It felt like it was big enough to go up her pussy and come out her mouth. It almost felt big enough to satisfy her cock-gobbling fuck holes. One of them, at least.

"Fuck me with that slut-wrecker," she breathed. "Try and satisfy this piece of ass."

She was lifted up by her tits again, but her sex-flooded whore body had already gotten used to the current of electric pleasure surging from her tits to her pussy. She kept hissing desperate pleas for cock: "Ram it in me, ram all of it in; it almost feels big enough to fill one of my slobbering whore holes. Come on, I'm all yours, cock, fill me up, please, I need to be filled; I feel so empty if there's no dick in me; if no one's violating my gushing gash."

Being held high off the ground by massively muscled arms, the begging bitch felt the tip of cock spreading her soft, wet folds. "Yes," she panted, "yes, yes, yes. Cock!" 

The limb-sized piece of fuck meat eased back and forth, preparing to slowly force its way in to the soaking pussy. The head was halfway in when the sex-savoring cock whore couldn't take it anymore.

"Ram it in me, I said!" she raged. "Just rape that fucking cunt! You're not fucking your girlfriend; you're violating your fuckslut!"

The cock blasted up into her twat like a massive missile of meat. Over a foot of cock speared her insides, slid out, and crashed back in.

The cock whore kept raging, "Fill me up, I said! Make my insides nothing but hot, hard cock! Fuck my whole body! Fill me! Fuck me! Satisfy me!" 

She continued screaming, seemingly indifferent to the arm-length of cock inside her. Eventually, her screams became sobs. "Why won't you fill me? I'm such a fucking slut for you; why won't you fuck me like a cock-swallowing bitch deserves? Can't you satisfy me? Can't you give me more cock? I need so much more cock! I need it everywhere: around me, in me... Don't you get it? I'm a fucking dick-riding, sperm-guzzling, sex-desperate fuckbitch! I'm the fucking cock whore, and I need more fucking cock!"

And as the Goddess had promised, what the cock whore asked for, she received.

The irresistible grip on her monstrous tits tightened, and she was lifted up off the cock again. Feeling its absence as a physical pain, she shoved one fist up herself, pumping desperately.

The fist-fucking cock whore was just reaching down to add her other fist, when the colossal fuck shaft tore open her asshole and ravaged its way up into her stomach.

"More cock," she whimpered miserably, eight fingers up her pussy and a wrist-thick fuckstick roaring in and out of her most sensitive cock slot.

Bending her arms awkwardly, she slid both wrists into her cavernous cunt, relishing the squelching sounds of her nasty juices being pushed around. Then she heard another sound, and it was the one she'd been waiting for.

Footsteps sounded all around her: the heavy footsteps of extremely tall, extremely muscular men.

Two more hard hands dug into her ponderous tits, and then two more after that. Six large hands were not quite enough to cover her monumental flesh globes, and the parts of her tits that weren't being groped and mauled got slapped and punched.

Lightning started to crackle in her fist-filled cunt, snaps and jolts of pleasure that made her start to hope again. 

"Oh, yeah," she moaned obscenely, feeling ten hands trying vainly to cover her beach balls of flesh, feeling that club of a cock still trying to stimulate her asshole, feeling her own hands opening inside her pussy, fingers spreading wide. "Abuse this bitch's titties. But for fuck's sake, more cock!"

What must have been a gigantic brute of a man slapped her in her slut face, and then backhanded her. She cackled happily, and felt his next slap with her open mouth. That was when she realized that he was abusing her face with his dick, which felt like a fucking baseball bat.

She caught the next meat beating with her mouth, and all but dislocated her jaw sucking it down her cock-trap of a throat. She sucked and sucked and sucked, and finally, eyes bugging out, tears streaming, her nose pressed into his pelvic bone. She forced her tongue out of her mouth like a snake, and tongue-washed his mammoth-sized balls. Then she gobbled them up, too, shunting them into her cheeks like a squirrel.

The semen-swallowing cock whore gurgled gleefully for a moment, imagining she could feel cock heads meeting in her stomach. She gave them a wave from inside her gooey pussy, and then spat up that magnificent cock.

"Fuck me with that cunt-smasher," she snapped. "Ram it up me right now, right fucking now! Wreck my insides; I'm such a sick fucking pig for cock!" 

The pressure on her asshole increased, and she sighed as another impossibly-proportioned cock violated her anally. Though her math wasn't good, she felt she now had multiple cubic feet of cock up her ass, and she was starting to feel like they might be able to fill her.

"Fill me up, cocks," the anal artist cock whore crooned, still flexing her fingers inside her hot, moist cunt. "Give me all the cock you've got, I'm a cum rag for your dicks, I want them all over this fuckwhore body."

They removed their hands from her enormous tits, letting them wobble majestically in tune with the frantic pace of the club-cocks up her ass, which was now her sole means of support. Cock after cock began whacking at her jugs with great meaty smacks.

"Oh, yeah, get those titties bouncing! Bruise my giant jugs! Try to whack this bitch's tits right off her chest! And the rest of you, I thought I said I needed to be filled up? I thought I made it clear that I was a filthy fucking sperm slut, who needs cock in every hole? Why is there no cock up my whore cunt?"

The filthy-fucking cock whore felt a tennis-ball-sized cockhead shoving up into her gaping pussy, between her slime-slick wrists. She grabbed it desperately from inside herself and started jerking it.

"Yeah!" she shrieked. "I'm jerking this cock off from inside my own cunt! With over two feet of cock in my fucking bitch asshole and another two dicks smacking my tits black and blue! Now, cocks, now, we're getting started!"

The prick-popping cock whore screeched with excitement. "More cock!" the whore screamed to the heavens. "More cock!" 

She withdrew her jizz-drenched hands from her cock-collecting cunt, and dragged them up her body, smearing her bulging tits with sex juice before slavering obscenely over her fingers, sucking at the exquisite fuck nectar. Then she reached out to take matters into her own hands, because obviously these cocks didn't understand the level of abuse a hungry-holed cock whore like her required. 

"I said more," she breathed, and she reached out, still blind under her mask of congealed cum. Her right hand found another length of fuck-meat, and she dug her fingers into its rigid, veiny contours. Her middle finger and thumb were inches apart. She had to fully extend her arm to find the base, and then, she squeezed, and guided the meat sword down to her cock-crammed cunt. Her poor pussy, with only one cock in it. Not enough; the dick-devouring cock whore didn't know what enough meant.

"Fuck that cunt," she said raggedly. "Come on, this whore needs her holes wrecked with double-dick action. All of them. All at once."

She felt its enormous girth double the amount of stretching her pussy was experiencing, opening it up as wide as her asshole, enjoying identical treatment inches away.

"Ohhhhh yeah... Oh, yeah! Here we go! Hammer those fuck holes!

Rip this bitch apart with those four cocks! What is that, four feet of dick wrecking me? More? Fuck, fuck, fuck, FUCK!"

Insides rupturing with cock, the sex-stretched cock whore smacked her right hand into her titanic titties, seeking more stimulation. Her left hand searched for more cock, because the fuck-famished cock whore wasn't quite full yet, and it was getting intolerable, not being filled to bursting with huge, hard dick.

Her outstretched left hand found another two cocks, each thicker around than her arm. Moaning like she was panicking, she lunged for them with her mouth, stuffing her cum-blasted face with two enormous cockheads. 

Powered by her inhuman desperation for cock, she slurped the parallel whore-beaters into her mouth and down her throat. Her slut muscles flexed, doing what they were made for: draining bowl-loads of hot, salty cum out of cock.

This is what I'm for, thought the cock whore, joy exploding in her brain. Six cock monsters hammering my whore holes. I'll clamp every last particle of fuck juice out of these sperm hoses, and then I'll get started on the next batch. I'll drown myself in the jizz of these sex-soldiers, and then that other dick-bitch can eat it off me.

At the thought of herself glistening white with fuck juice, smearing her jizz-dripping tits into the Goddess's own super jugs, the cock whore lost it, and volcanic orgasms racked her super-sexed body. As she clamped down on the six cocks rampaging through her insides, each erupted with thick ropes of sex-slime. 

"AHHHHHH!" the bitch shrieked, head lolling, eyes rolling. 

One after two after three, feet of cock pulled out of her ravaged body. 

She put her hands up her pussy, grabbing gooey fistfulls of jizz and bringing them to her fuck-fed mouth, adding her own juices to the cum-cocktail she was feasting on. Her slut mouth ran over with sperm, gushing over her bulging, bouncing tits.

And then the Goddess was there, her head lost between the jizz-juiced cock whore's tits. Her cum-collecting tongue started below her right tit, slickly sliding its way the considerable distance up to her nipple, where the Goddess paused to suck as much of the cock whore's tit into her mouth as possible. She reeled from the suction on her oh-so-sensitive fuckbag, and then the divine tongue squirmed across the upper surface of the slutty bitch's boob, lapping up spilled sperm as it travelled. 

At last she felt a pair of sopping wet lips mashing into her own. They spat captured cum back and forth, until the Goddess brought to bear the incredible suction that her mouth was capable of and swallowed it all, nearly taking the cock whore's tongue along for the ride.

She barely had time to feel vaguely outraged at the theft of her fuck juice when she felt the Goddess's mouth slurping at her asshole, gathering up the mess of sex juices. From there she felt the Goddess locking lips with her oozing pussy, and then that pleasure-spreading tongue was slithering back up the cock whore's dick-drowned body, by way of her left tit this time. It got the same heavenly treatment as the right had, and then she felt one huge mess of jizz being poured down her throat.

She swallowed the thick dick goo eagerly, desperately, repeatedly, for it took multiple swallows to down the concoction of cum.

As she was feeling the last of it drain down her throat, the Goddess grabbed her ass, pulling her chest-first into the otherworldly rack before her. The four oversized tits mashed wetly into each other, and the Goddess breathed sex into the cock whore's face.

"How are you feeling, cock slut?"

"Empty."

"Ohhhhh. Poor fuck pig." Four fingertips slid into her asshole, and then another four from the other side. The Goddess wrenched open her cock-gobbling ass and shook her violently. "You can't get enough, can you? If you could, you would just climb onto half a dozen dicks and ride them all day, every day, wouldn't you, you slobbering cunt?"

"More," she panted, whole body vibrating as the Goddess worked her gaping ass.

"More, huh? Can you fit more than six cocks in a whore at once?"

Moaning deliriously, she said, "This whore."

"Such a skank," the Goddess crooned lovingly. She lapped tenderly at the mess of jizz on the whore's face, then spat on her. Her fingers dug into the fucked-up ass until the backs of her hands touched. While the cock whore moaned, the Goddess raised her knee to the raw pussy before her, slowly spreading the sopping lips. Suddenly the cock whore was getting fucked up the ass by the Goddess's wrists, and up the cunt by her knee. Her response was to bear down, desperately trying to fit more of the Goddess's limbs inside her. She buried her bitch face in the Goddess's swollen, sperm-soaked cleavage. The Goddess rocked her chest from side to side, and those super tits bounced her face around like boxing gloves. The Goddess laughed at her. "Nasty bitch. All right, you piece of fuck meat, let's see if we can top triple-double-penetration."

With shocking suddenness, the Goddess withdrew, and the cock whore was completely, painfully empty. She cried out in misery: "No! I need to be filled, God fuck it!"

"Remember, dick whore," came the Goddess's voice, "ask, and receive."

Kneading her bulging titties, the blonde bombshell bitch snapped out, "I need a dozen dicks the size of my arm, because I'm the sluttiest fuckbitch to ever drink jizz, and I'm starving for cock!"

She felt cock closing in, and clamped down harder on her swelling tits. She took a deep breath, inhaling the sex-laden, cock-filled air, and she reached out for more fucking.

She found a bed of cock she felt she could have laid on. She jumped into a hard, chiseled chest that was about the size of her whole body, wrapping her arms and legs around his back, and smearing her cock-wrecked holes into his wooden abs. "Wreck my ass." 

Long, thick, and hard, the cock barreled up where she needed it. Grinding down, the ass-abusing cock whore took it all, feeling her stomach contract as she was violated.

"Mmm-hmm..." the busty bitch simpered. She bounced up and down, getting faster and faster, trying to satisfy herself, but she couldn't. There just wasn't enough cock shoved up her. "More cocks," she wailed. "I need more cocks up my ass!"

Without subjecting herself to the agony of being empty, the fuck-furious cock whore wrestled her Adonis to the ground, making her ass easier to abuse from more angles.

Nor was she disappointed. Immediately, another monolith of a cock raged into her gaping fuck hole from behind.

"There we go!" she cried, desperately working her double-fucked ass. Back... and forth...and up...and down. She slammed herself into the pair of fuck spears stretching her insides, needing not just to be filled with multiple feet of cock—any salacious slut worth her fake tits could cram a couple of ass-splitting cocks up herself—but to be pounded by those feet of cock: shaken apart from the inside out.

And seconds into the super-sexed session, she knew she was going to need more.

"Were you fuckers not listening?" she growled, hammering her ass onto her two fuck sticks. "I said I need more cocks up my ass!" She slapped herself savagely on the tight ass in question. 

So, with two cocks pounding her like jackhammers, she felt another cock head burrowing into her ass.

"Fuck yes," the cock-crammed cock whore breathed. "Force it in... open me right the fuck up. This is a whore who needs three huge cocks fucking up her ass... for starters..."

She couldn't see how the cocks were arranged, but one was under her and the other two were ravaging her from behind, which left some room in the front that could be put to the use of whore-hole-wreckage. 

She took a moment to savor the feeling of having her tight asshole being stretched open by roughly a meter of cock, but the moment didn't last long. It was in the nature of this particular cock-gobbling super slut to always need more cock than she currently had. No matter how much she got, it only satisfied her for as long as it took to wonder how much more she could have. No matter how filthy a fuck bitch she became, it only served to make her want to get fucked more brutally.

"Cock for my cunt?" She asked at large, as her triple-ass fucking pressed her insides outward, flaying her every anal nerve with shockwaves of what she interpreted as pleasure.
