 We returned from the garden.

'Let's go up to our room. I want you to take me and enjoy me. Telling the story for so long has made me very excited; I want you to take my clothes off and tell me what you want of me.'

'Aren't you at least going to tell me what else happened that evening?' 

'All right. We'll go to bed and I'll tell you. It's room seventeen.'

Lyn blushed prettily. I was much older, at forty-nine, than any of her other partners. I wanted her very much. We reached the door of our room. I asked if she'd ever been donated. 

'Yes, four or five times, it depends how you define it. 

Once Ben blindfolded me and took me by car to a house. I guessed it was in the country and I knew it was a test of my love and my willingness to be Ben's property to do with sexually as he willed. I knew he wouldn't do anything outside of our shared understanding of our love but I was incredibly aroused already when we reached the house. I was introduced to Jill and Andrew, if those were their real names and, still blindfolded I was offered a drink. Ben explained that I should do whatever Jill or Andrew asked. Ben would be Jill's partner for some of the evening but the four of us would meet up again together later. I was to remain blindfolded throughout. 

Ben and Jill left the room. Andrew suggested I finish my wine. I raised my glass. I felt a hand on my shoulder. It felt reassuring.

'No hurry, love,' he said.

I was shocked when Andrew asked me how many male partners I had had. I said four and five female.'

'Short-term encounters?'

'No,' I said firmly. 'All long-standing and enduring.'

'Tonight will be different then.'

I nodded. Andrew took my hand and led me out of the room to another room. I presumed a bedroom. Andrew undressed me taking great care not to touch my skin at all. 

'Reach your hand out,' he said. I felt his chest and knew he had been naked since we arrived. He hadn't had time to undress.

Lyn started to undress me as she told this new tale. I reciprocated and undid her pretty black lacy cocktail dress. It fell to the floor. She was wearing matching black bra and panties. Lyn looked beautiful with her evenly tanned firm young body.

She continued:

'Andrew kissed me and I responded. Most of all I wanted Ben to be told how good I was. I wanted him to be pleased with me and I knew Ben expected me to 'total', as he loves to call it, with anyone I was given to.

Lyn looked at me. She unfastened my trousers and they dropped to the carpet. My excited cock made a tent in my boxer shorts. Lyn turned her back on me and I realized she was inviting me to unclasp her bra. I did and before she could turn again I moved my hands to the waist of her black lace panties and began to push them down.

'Yes,' she sighed as she wriggled her legs to help them helter skelter to the floor. She turned back to me. 

'I think we'd better let him come out to play,' she grinned and pulled my boxers down. She kissed me. We were now both naked and she briefly held my stiffened cock in her hands. We kissed and slipped slowly back down on the mattress. The night was cool and I pulled the duvet over us both. Lyn pushed it away. 'I'm fine and I like to be seen.'

'Go on', I said.

'Well, Andrew led me until I felt the bed at my side. He embraced me pulling me against his chest. I felt his cock on my tummy and moved a hand to place it in my crutch.

'You are here to be used,' he said and sucked hard on one of my breasts. 'I will tell you what to do.'

'I'm sorry,' I said. He pushed me face down onto the bed and immediately mounted me pushing his dick hard into my anus. I screamed but told him to push hard. He maintained a steady rhythm until I was pleading for him to fill me.

'Harder, harder' I said. I want to feel your cum shooting into me.'

He came and slowly slipped from me and rolled over.

'Thank you,' I said. Andrew turned me onto my back and we kissed and he explored my body for a while. I played with his cock and soon it was hard again. 

'Now, what would you like?' he asked.

'Fuck me, please, fuck me hard and then spank me until I cry.' He didn't rush to do me; in fact he was an attentive lover and made sure I was on the verge before he inserted himself into my cunt and fucked me with long full strokes virtually coming completely out of me before ramming himself home again. I told him it was fantastic. We both came. He spanked me enthusiastically and I felt he liked to hurt people. His cruel streak certainly aroused him as whilst he held me over his knee I felt him pressing up into me.

Shortly after Jill took me to a shower and we showered together. I quite enjoyed this but the wet blindfold became unpleasant and although Jill was happy to feel me and to be felt she wasn't really into it. I wondered if it was something she did because Andrew wanted her to.

Ben took me home and we showered again and made love slowly together before we fell asleep. Ben told me Andrew thought I was an angel.'

Lyn rolled into me and said: 'Please come inside me. We were on our sides facing each other. I moved to position myself near her cunt. She asked if she could come on top of me. She looked magnificent astride my body, my cock rubbing on her tummy as she pretended she was thrusting into me. 'That's unbelievable,' I stammered.

She raised herself and moving her hips imperceptibly further forward she forced herself down on to me. 'God,' was all I said. She rode me hard and physically it was a wonderful but exhausting experience. I had held off as long as I could but I was desperate to come inside her if she would let me. 

'I'm going to come,' she said.

''Can you just touch my balls,' I asked. She managed to reach round and I started to climax into her with a judder. She trembled violently too and grabbed me. We fell back on the mattress and embraced. Lyn pulled the duvet over us.

'I'm going to enjoy you,' she murmured.

It was probably an hour before Lyn continued her story.

'Have you seen Andrew again?' I asked.

'Yes. For my birthday Ben took me to their house again. I was blindfolded. Andrew undressed me and took me on the lounge carpet quite roughly. I remember I felt tearful and degraded after but he didn't break any of our basic rules. He just didn't seem to respect me. Another couple arrived and I was given to this new man. He never told me his name and of course, I never saw him. He took me to a different bedroom and he used me but in a way that I could enjoy. After a while I told him I wanted him again and he managed to come four times that evening. I particularly enjoyed the way he took my anus and used me whilst pleasuring me greatly at the same time. I thanked him before I was taken home by Ben. My final treat was to spend that night with both Ben and his sister Clare. That has always been my own nirvana.'

Lyn continued: 'One night Ben asked if there was anything he made me do that I disliked. I said I would always follow his wishes and seek to pleasure anyone I was to be with because it was for me the most erotic form of sexual fulfillment to serve him in that way. I went on to say that I preferred longer term partners I could grow to know. Whose desires I could learn to respond to and who could learn to respond to me too. I did say I liked instant donation rather less although sometimes it could be very arousing. I told Ben that I still wanted instant donation to continue because I knew it was such an erotic experience for Ben to see me acquiesce. I mentioned my negative feelings about Andrew. I was never taken to him again.'

'Tell me of an occasion that you did enjoy,' I prompted her, putting an arm round her shoulder. This time I did pull the duvet over us and Lyn placed a hand across my tummy and her head on my shoulder. 

'I'm not totally dissolute you know. Even now at 23 I've only ever had six male partners, including you. I suppose most of my partners apart from Ben were people I was 'donated' to the first time. I'm very loyal to them, except for Andrew and his friends. I'm going to tell you about the second occasion which happened the very first time we went away on a winter holiday just the two us without the rest of Ben's family.

oooooo0000oooooo

We deliberately chose an area with naturist colonies. We went to the island of Fuerteventura, in the Canary Islands archipelago. The hotel was a large concrete family hotel - we couldn't find naturist accommodation but we spent the days naked and easily went naked when we were in our rooms - a small bedroom and a lounge with a balcony. Topless sunbathing was allowed near the hotel pool. Even in winter the weather was warm enough for swimming and sunbathing, protected as the islands were by the African coast not far away. One evening in the hotel restaurant we found ourselves with a young couple from Canterbury. Sarah was a Math teacher and Neil worked for a house furniture removal company. Sarah was very attractive in a waifish way, quite tall but slight. Neil was tall, with dark brown hair and was quite good looking but no more. 

We chatted and I liked them both. It turned out that they had been spending most of their time on the naturist beaches and we said that we had too. It was their first naturist experience. Sarah said, flushing attractively pink as she spoke, that she had been very nervous about stripping off like that. Neil had persuaded her but she had soon got used to it as she watched everyone else on the beach. 'I'm quite a voyeur now,' she said, 'so I expect to be looked at too!' Sarah and I prattled on about our jobs and Ben and Neil talked boys' talk. 

After finishing two bottles of wine between us Neil said. 'I've got another bottle up in our room if you fancy joining us for a while.' Ben looked at me and I nodded. 'Good,' said Sarah - 'I need to get these awful shoes off.'

We took the lift to their floor, four floors above us with a super view out over the sea. Theirs was just one large room with twin single beds. I stood on the balcony. Three of us were in shorts and tops or shirts and Sarah was wearing a top very similar to mine with a very sexy little flared pale blue skirt. I sensed a cool breeze so high up from the ground. Ben stood behind me and placed a hand on my waist. Sarah wandered over and I realized that with our shoes off she was much the same height as me. Her boyish figure and short hair made her very attractive to me and I desperately wanted to touch her. Ben found it very erotic to see me with another female. I put an arm round her waist. She looked at me and lightly kissed my shoulder, then shyly turned her head back to the view, blushing. Neil passed me a glass of white wine and gave Ben one too. He then disappeared briefly and came back with a glass for Sarah and one for himself. She took two big gulps and smiled at me again. Neil was just behind her but Ben had moved away and had picked up a naturist magazine he'd seen on the bed. We had never bought that kind of thing or felt we needed to but Ben was obviously interested as he sat down to skim the pages. It was quite dark outside now but the moonlight and lamps from the town enabled you to discern the beach and the breakers coming in.

I was still standing to Sarah's left on the balcony. Neil cupped Sarah's left breast from behind her and she pushed back into him. She smiled at me. Neil said 'OK?' quietly questioning Sarah in a code she must have understood. She nodded and went 'Mmmmm. Yes, Neil' I glanced at her and she stared into my eyes, moving her free left hand to my abdomen. She just placed it there. I tensed, but in anticipation not because I was uncomfortable or unwilling. I had removed my hand from her waist when Neil brought Sarah her wine but now I put it back, but lower, a couple of inches below the waistband of her skirt. I stroked her.

Neil slipped the narrow strap of Sarah's cream coloured sleeveless top from her shoulder and it fell away revealing her tiny breast and erect pink nipple. Almost surreptitiously I moved my hand lower and more central on Sarah's behind and pushed two fingers fractionally into her crack. I felt her go rigid, maybe in shock or distaste, I was unsure. Then slowly she pushed back towards my hand and at the same time she pressed her own hand quite firmly into my abdomen, lowering her fingers to my mound. I was alight.

Sarah stared into my eyes as I touched her through her skirt and Neil cupped her breast again and fingered and squeezed her nipple. I could tell she was in bliss and that I was contributing to her feelings. Sarah raised her right hand to her right shoulder and slid the remaining strap down so her top dropped away fully. She looked radiant wearing nothing but her micro skirt; I turned to see if Ben was watching or reading his magazine. Our eyes met and he said, simply: 'Now you.'

I took the right hand strap of my own top in my hand and moved it off my shoulder, revealing my own excited, firm right breast. Sarah moved her hand immediately from my mound to my breast only to be joined there by Neil's fingers. I sighed in pleasure and removed the other strap with my left hand.

Neil and Sarah had taken the first suggestive step. I wanted Ben to tell me what to do. He had now come up behind me and his hands came round my front and then pushed down into my shorts. I prayed he would give me to Neil and, hopefully, later to Sarah.

'I want you to let Neil fuck you, Lyn. Now, while Sarah and I watch, you will give him your cunt.' He pulled my shorts down over my hips and they dropped to the floor. Neil moved away slightly from Sarah and turned to me. He put his hands on my shoulders and then moved them to my breasts which he handled firmly. I pushed my lower body out towards him as a token of my willingness to be given to him. Neil reached a hand to my cunt and felt my wetness.

Neil led me over to one of the beds and lifted me on to it. He stripped quickly and got on the bed astride me and began to kiss me and play with my breasts. I pushed myself up towards him in response. He sucked my nipples and nibbled on my shoulder. I reached for his hardened cock and moved a hand up and down his firm shaft. He began to move his hips gyrating back and forth before me. I thrust my crutch and thighs high up to meet him, inviting him inside. Neil spread my legs wide and stroked my smooth mound and labia, kneeling now between my legs. He pushed fingers gently inside me and I responded by telling him how wonderful I felt. He moved his cock to my opening and said: 'Are you sure, Lyn?'

I said:' Ben has given me to you and it's what I hoped he would do, Neil. I want you to do whatever you wish to me, Neil, please.' I arched my back and raised myself so my cunt bumped against his purple hooded cock. He thrust firmly into me and withdrew again.

'Oh, please, again.'

He pushed in and went further up into me. I cried out 'Fuck me as hard as you can, Neil. Oh, yes, fuck me.' He rammed harder and harder into me and I banged back. He paused and lowered himself nearer to me and kissed me. You're the first since we married and you're fabulous,' he whispered. I used my cunt to grab him, hold him and gently squeeze his penis. He started to copulate hard with me again.

I heard a moan and realized Sarah was on the other bed. Ben and Sarah were lying there watching us. Ben had fingers in Sarah's cunt and she was was clearly near her first climax as she groaned and squirmed and pulled on Ben's cock. He rolled and turned his body so he could move onto her. She complied by shifting her hips and raising her knees. Ben moved in close and inserted himself smoothly into Sarah's dilated cunt. She wanted it and was totally ready to broaden her sexual experience with a new partner. After coming once Ben turned her over and was soon using her, banging himself into Sarah's anus. She howled as he achieved maximum penetration and Ben came again. I couldn't stand watching this and lost control. I freaked into an enormous orgasm begging Neil to do all sorts of disgusting things. He managed to get two fingers into me as well as his cock as he too erupted into me.

We all lay still for a while. Later we finished our wine and discussed how we might spend the next few days together. Ben asked Sarah if he could have her cunt again. She said you are only the second man to have me, so I may have a lot to learn,' she smiled, parting her legs slightly and touching herself. Ben mounted her and this time Neil and I sat and watched for a while.

I was very turned on watching Sarah and reached for Neil and slowly played with his stiff rod. I asked if he would like to use me.

'Do you mean fuck you in the ass when you say 'use me'?' he asked.

'Yes,' I said. 'I'd like you to use me.'

'Would you mind if I fuck you again first; last time was so mind-blowing I want to do you again and I think I'd like to be rougher with you. Would you like that?'

'You know I would.' I pulled him down onto me and whispered: 'Spank me first.'

We spent the rest of the holiday together. I found that Neil liked to use me in the shower so I encouraged him to take me in this way whenever we showered together. Although he occasionally showered alone down by the beach or tenderly washed his wife, Sarah, as they showered, normally he showered with me and I think he enjoyed pushing his penis up into my arsehole. I certainly wanted him to do me every time we went.

In bed one night with Neil [Ben and Sarah were in Sarah's room and I was in our room with Neil] he told me that one afternoon when he and Ben showered briefly just to wash sand off themselves after a mess about on the beach he washed Ben all over, back and front, including making sure his cock was clean. Ben then had done the same to him. They had both been very turned on and they played with each other's cock and masturbated together until they came spurting into each other. 

'We kissed', said Neil and then we showered each other off again and came back to you. 'It was a wonderful feeling.'

'Fuck me, Neil fuck me now. Fuck me stupid. Nail me to the bed! I wailed in arousal. Neil mounted me and pushed himself inside me. We enjoyed each other immensely as we came together.

One afternoon there was some big match, rugby or football, I've no idea which and the boys said they were going to some bar to watch it on a big screen.'

'And have a few drinks, I suppose?' I pulled my tongue out at him.

'Well, why not? I'm on holiday,' was Ben's riposte.

'Then don't get Neil paralytic for this evening,' I told him.

'Don't worry, Lyn. I'll bring him back fully functional for you.'

Sarah laughed.

They went off together. Sarah and I were in the foyer of the hotel. There was an air of tension between us as if we both wanted something but neither of us had the confidence to make it clear what that was. I felt I could easily tell Sarah I fancied her desperately but I was afraid of frightening her away and spoiling things for Ben and Neil too. 

For those reasons I was surprised when Sarah took the first very tentative step. She was pretty intelligent and had decided well in advance what she would say. She surprised herself how easily it came out, she told me later.

'Let's go up to your room, Lyn,' she suggested. 'I would like us to be in the shower together.' She stared at me and in the foyer of the hotel she moved a hand to her breast. I felt it was either an offer or a request for a new level of intimacy between us.

I took her hand as we walked to the lift.

I turned and closed the door of our little suite. As I turned back round Sarah was just standing, looking at me. I smiled warmly.

'I've never done this before,' she said. 'I don't know what to do to please you. Show me, Lyn.'
