 No-one is here to listening to my story, so I thought I would write it down for you to read later. It is strange how truth and reminiscence diffract through time and recreate themselves in a story that itself helps us to reconstruct our memories. I hope it does so in a way that will give you that inner warmth you have so often given me over the years.

We all went on holiday to France that first summer. By all I mean Ben and me, Ben's sister Case, his mum and dad and, finally, my sister Sam and her friend James. It was one of my ambitions to experience this more public form of naturism, staying in a large log cabin type chalet within a naturist complex not far from a beach on the French Atlantic coast, south of Bordeaux. As Ben had helped me understand my desires, my desires themselves had broadened and I was now interested in and ready to explore other types of sexual behaviour. Ben's family had already given me a heightened awareness of my own sexuality and I wanted to be instructed further. One of the most erotic activities for me was always when Ben told me what to do or signalled his acquiescence in my participation, as he had with Matt and Kirsty.

Sam and I came down by train with James to Norwich the day before we were due to depart. It was all pretty hectic once we arrived, packing for departure early next morning. Sam and James would use my room for the night and I hoped to have Ben to myself again, although I wouldn't mind if Case joined us a little later. There seemed to have been a decision to remain fully clothed whilst James and Sam got used to how the family lived. It struck me that they wouldn't have long once we reached Les Sables d'Antan. After an early meal we were going to turn in. I said I was going for a shower.

'Me too,' said Gail. We left the room together and went upstairs to her bedroom. Gail took me in her arms and we kissed. I started to undress her, touching her in places that I knew aroused her as I slowly restored her to her customary nudity. 

'That's better,' she said as she began to undress me. I smiled at her and fondled both her nipples. Soon Gail had stripped me and she began to push fingers up into me.

'Let's do this in the shower,' I said. Once we were enjoying the contact of warm water on our willing bodies, I sucked and nibbled on Gail's breasts as we satisfied our desires together. We both had fingers in each other's cunts and Gail had started to finger my clitoris.

The shower curtain was not closed. It never was and neither of us would have minded if any of the others had passed or lingered to watch. Suddenly I felt Gail's hand go still and something made me turn my head.

My sister, Sam, was standing at the bathroom door, naked, with a towel in her hand. She was watching us and her other hand was very gently rubbing her cunt lips.

'Would you like to join us, Sam?' said Gail. 'There's room for three.'

Sam put the towel over the heated towel rail and came forwards. I reached out a hand and she stepped in. I kissed her and told Gail to carry on. As Gail continued to thrust her fingers inside me I turned my head and kissed Sam, pushing my tongue inside her mouth. I moved a hand to her breast and rolled her nipple between my fingertips. She moaned and tensed. Her nipple was erect and beautiful.

'Whatever you think you might like to do now, Sam, just do it, that's the secret. We will help you enjoy.'

Sam's hand moved to my cunt and met Gail's. Gail moved her hand away and Sam's fingers inquiringly touched my entry.

'Go on, as you wish,' I said.

She pushed a finger into me and moved it in and out.

'More,' I said. 'More, Sam.'

Sam pushed three or four fingers into me and began to grope me more urgently. I felt she had done this to herself before but this was her first time with another woman.

'Are you ready to share, too?' I asked.

'Yes, oh yes,' she whimpered. I looked at Gail and said: 'Go on.'

Gail's expert fingers pushed into my sister who responded instinctively. She was building to a strong climax and I wanted her to enjoy its full release. I pulled on her breasts as Gail used her strength to push up into Sam and almost lift her at the same time. This hurt just enough to drive Sam to fever pitch in her excitement.

'Nooooo,' she cried as she began to enjoy a long quivering orgasm, collapsing eventually into Gail's arms.

We dried each other off and before Sam went off to her room I said: 'Go now and practise with your James!'

'We've been practising!' Sam flushed.

'It's all right Sam: it's meant to be fun, you know. Will you let me find out how much he's learnt from you sometime?'

She nodded. 'Will you let Ben...?'

'Of course, but let's take things slowly. James may need time.'

'He's worth the wait, Lyn,' Sam said as she went off to bed. I found Ben and we made love before we fell asleep in each other's arms.

 oooooooo00000000oooooooo oooooooo00000000oooooooo oooooooo00000000oooooooo oooooooo00000000oooooooo