 Author's Notes:

This is a stroke story, so if that isn't your sort of thing, this is your warning.  This is more or less a true story, although I've naturally had to put a little artistic license in there.  I can't really know exactly what's going on in someone else's head, or see everything at once.

The Lynn and Lee stroke tales will eventually build into a greater story, putting into words the experiences and fantasies I've shared with my Baileykins over the years.  The names have been changed, naturally, and I decided to put these stories in third person, as first comes out sounding like Penthouse Letters when I write it.

For Anonymous, who said my notes came off pretentious in First Anal, please note the slight change to "when I write it" *laugh*  I'm knocking neither first person, nor stroke stories.

Hope you like it

(o|o)~~(||)~~(o|o)
~|.|~.~~()~~.~|.|~


Lynn's arms, curled around Angela's legs, with the palms against the blonde's inner thighs, tightened their grip.  Nearly to her peak, Angela's body writhed under the redhead's flashing tongue.  Lynn moaned into Angela's folds, wiggling her head back and forth to add to the stimulation.

Angela's gasps grew louder, their pitch increasing steadily with the volume.  Her hips bucked up toward Lynn's mouth, and her eyes closed tightly.  Perched on the edge, she cried out, "Oh god -- yes!  Oh god -- YES!"  The final word transformed into a loud scream of release, as Angela's orgasm took hold of her.

"Mmm hmm," Lynn moaned loudly into Angela's quivering sex.  The redhead kept up the pressure, keeping Angela coming, lapping up the flow of her juices.  Finally, Angela could take no more, and pushed Lynn away with a pained scream.

Lynn pulled back, revealing a stream of creamy white juices dribbling to the bed below, from Angela's smooth-shaven sex, which the blonde quickly covered with her hands.  Angela curled up into a fetal position, holding her hands tight over her sex, panting for breath, and twitching from aftershocks.

Lynn licked her lips, stroking Angela's firm bottom with one hand.  Lynn's other hand pulled the cream on her chin to her lips.  A particularly powerful jolt ran through Angela's body, snapping her out flat again.  She looked up at her redheaded lover, moaned, and then chuckled sensually.  Still panting for breath, Angela crooked her finger, motioning for Lynn to come to her.

The two women kissed passionately, Angela's tongue lapping up her own juices from Lynn's face.  When they at last broke from the kiss, Lynn said, "Wave bye-bye."

Angela looked into the camera, her already flushed face turning an even brighter shade of red, and waved -- teasing her small, pink nipple with the other hand.  Lynn leaned down into the frame, blowing a kiss, and then the image went dark.

Adjusting his throbbing erection beneath his underwear, Lee said, "You're evil.  You know that, don't you?"

Lynn laughed, and picked up the remote, to turn off the television.  "Sorry, you were at work, and we just sort of got excited.  We haven't seen each other in years -- let alone anything else."

Lee joined in the laughter, "I could tell.  I knew I should have stayed home last night."

"I did tape it for you," Lynn pouted, twirling a strand of her auburn hair around one finger.  "You always say that you can't wait to see me licking pussy."

"Mmm hmm -- thank you.  What am I going to do with this, though?"  Lee slipped down the waistband of his underwear, revealing his throbbing erection.

"I have some ideas," Lynn said with a smile, and leaned down to engulf him in her mouth.

(o|o)~~(||)~~(o|o)
~|.|~.~~()~~.~|.|~

Lee walked in from work the next morning, finding Lynn watching television in the bedroom.  He asked, "Anything fun for me to watch this morning?"

Lynn shook her head, but turned and smiled at him.  "I do have presents for you, though.  You got me this beautiful necklace -- just because -- so I wanted to do something for you."

"You don't have to, you know?"

"Yes I do," Lynn protested.  "Go get in the shower, and make sure you shave."  Glancing at his crotch, she added, "Down there too."

Lee twitched his eyebrows at her, and the couple shared a laugh.  He kissed her, gathered up his clothes, and went into the bathroom.  The moment he stepped into the shower, Lynn set the next step of her plan in motion.

Lee stepped out of the shower, a short while later.  Once he'd toweled off, he pulled on a clean pair of briefs -- not really anticipating they would be on long -- and walked into the bedroom again.

He smiled when he saw Lynn, dressed in his favorite babydoll.  She had put her hair up in tails, and she was sucking seductively on a lollipop.  "Mmm, I think I have something better for you to suck on," he teased.

Letting the sucker pop from her lips, Lynn said, "Oh, I don't know about that, this is pretty good."

"You look so sexy.  You know I love you in that," Lee said, slipping into the bed with her.

"That's the first part of your present.  The second is on the table," Lynn said, while rubbing her fingers over the bulge in his briefs.

Looking, Lee saw an envelope on the table.  He picked it up and opened it, his eyes going wide with surprise.  "Carlin tickets?  I thought the show was sold out.  How did you get them?"

"I wore a top that really showed of my boobies, and a short skirt.  I charmed them out of that guy at the pawnshop, who has a crush on me.  He was going to sell them, and try to make some money off them, since he couldn't go, but I got them cheap."

"I love you," Lee responded.  He put down the envelope, and kissed Lynn.  When she kissed him back, it was obvious she wanted far more than a peck, and he responded accordingly.

When they broke from the kiss, Lee asked, "So, you said that was the second part of my present... You sort of sounded like there was more..."

Licking her lips, Lynn said, "Mmm hmm."  She beckoned with her finger, and Lee leaned in to kiss her again, ready to unwrap the babydoll from his third present.

He got a surprise when he felt arms wrap around him from behind, breasts pressing against his back, and a soft set of lips kissing his neck.  Pulling away from Lynn's lips, he turned to see Angela leaning over his shoulder.

Angela pulled him toward her, kissing him hard, and reaching down to wrap her fingers around his erection.  She moaned into the kiss, feeling him pulse beneath her fingertips.

"There's your third present, but you have to share," Lynn laughed mischievously.

"Okay," Lee mumbled, as he pulled away from the kiss, to wrap his lips around the pink point of Angela's right breast.

Lynn leaned over him, kissing Angela hungrily.  When their lips parted, Lynn huskily whispered, "You want me to lick that pretty pussy, Angela?  Suck your peeper until you come?"  She suckled Angela's earlobe a moment, and then continued, "Do you want to get my face all sticky again?"

"You're a naughty little girl," Angela purred.  "I may have to spank you."

"That's not very discouraging," Lynn replied, with a crooked smile, and then flicked her tongue at the blonde.

Letting out an aroused little growl, Angela said, "That's it."  She pulled Lee from her breast, kissing him again.  "I'm going to have to spank your little girl here."

"Want to borrow my belt?"

Lynn gasped out, "Lee!"

"And now she's back-talking.  Go get that belt, and I'll whip a little behavior into her," Angela said with mock-authority, putting her hands on her hips.

"You are a very naughty little girl," Lee chuckled, swinging his legs off the bed, and adjusting his raging hard-on.  A moment later, he returned with his belt from the bathroom, and handed it to Angela.

Angela stroked the belt, and then doubled it over, snapping it.  "Time for you to learn how to behave, little girl."

"I don't need a spanking, I'll be good," Lynn pouted.

"You'd better bend over right now, or you'll get five more," Angela warned.

Letting her lip quiver, Lynn moved to her hands and knees, presenting her rounded bottom to her blonde friend.

Angela flipped up the transparent material of the babydoll, baring Lynn's thong clad ass.  The strap fell, with more than enough force to sting, but a far cry from any sort of real punishment.  This was a game the two women had played for years, which aroused them both to no ends.

Today, though, they had someone else joining them in the bed for the first time, and that consumed their thoughts, as well as Lee's.  "We can do this any time," Angela said sultrily.  "I'm too hot to play around today.  I've been thinking about this ever since you planned it."

Flipping her hair, and looking back over her shoulder, Lynn said, "We'll play spankie-spankie some other time.  Lee's been waiting a long time to watch me lick pussy."

"Either is good for me," Lee chuckled.

Angela cupped her sex, and shivered.  "Her licking my pussy is better for me, though."

Lynn moaned, and spun around quickly on the bed.  She grabbed Angela's hips, pulling down to indicate she wanted the blonde to lie down.  "Come down here, so you get a good look, Baby," Lynn suggested, as Angela lay down in front of her.

Lee moved to the opposite end of the bed, as Angela lay down, parting her legs.  Lynn waited until Lee was in a good position to watch, and then slipped between the blonde's smooth thighs.

"God, that is so sexy," Lee groaned, as he watched Lynn kissing Angela's labia, just tickling them with her tongue.  He leaned in closer, drinking in the sight of Lynn going down on another woman, and the scent of Angela's arousal.

"Please, don't tease..."  Angela began, but a loud gasp cut her off, as Lynn's tongue stiffened, and slipped between her pink folds.

Lynn let out a deep moan, while running her tongue the length of Angela's sex, drinking up the fragrant wetness.  "I love to taste you," she gasped out, before sucking Angela's nether lips.

Angela grasped her breasts, teasing the stiff tips with her fingertips.  "That feels so good."

A half-moan, half-chuckle escaped Lynn, as she shook her head back and forth, still suckling Angela's labia.  Her upper lip just rubbed over Angela's hood, teasing the erect bud beneath.  Angela's back arched high, pulling her labia from Lynn's mouth, with a wet slurp.

"Hold her down, Baby," Lynn requested, wasting no time in getting her mouth back on Angela's sex.

Lee moved across the bed, kneeling over Angela's tummy, with a knee on either side.  When Lynn stabbed her tongue beneath Angela's hood a moment later, the blonde's body tried to rise from the bed again, but she was held in place.  Lynn moaned approvingly, and increased the pressure of her probing tongue.

Lee watched intently, as Lynn's tongue gathered up Angela's milky juices.  "Lick that pussy, Baby," he groaned.

Lynn let out a chuckling moan, and sucked Angela's folds between her lips, making sure to include the blonde's clit.  Shaking her head back and forth, Lynn used her tongue to tantalize Angela further.

"Oh God, so good!"  Angela cried out.

Lifting her head for a moment, Lynn asked, "Are you going to come for me?"

"Uh huh," Angela gasped.

Lynn leaned back down, suckling Angela's clitoris hard, and slipped two fingers into the blonde's clinging depths.  She stroked them in and out quickly, causing a warbling scream, which increased steadily in volume, to erupt from Angela.

Lee watched intently, his cock throbbing, and leaking pre-cum, as his love lapped the beautiful woman beneath him.  Angela writhed, as she screamed and gasped, drawing ever nearer to a climax.  He rode her bucking body, keeping her pinned down to the bed, as best he was able.

Lynn's moans became more excited, as she sensed Angela perched on the edge of orgasm.  When Angela loosed an ear-piercing scream, her juices flowed freely over Lynn's tongue, prompting the redhead to suck and lick even harder.

Angela's broken gasps, and screams continued unabated, until they took on a sound of desperation.  Only then did Lynn release her, gesturing at her man to move off the blonde, letting Angela writhe unrestricted.

As Angela continued to thrash in ecstasy, Lynn pulled Lee toward her, kissing him hard.  He sucked her tongue, tasting Angela's sex, and lapped the blonde's creamy juices from Lynn's face, when they broke from the kiss.

They both turned to watch Angela settle down from her peak -- Lynn caressing Angela's hip, while Lee stroked her tummy.  When Angela finally caught her breath, her eyes popped open, and she let out a short, sexy chuckle.

After a couple more deep breaths, Angela locked eyes with Lee, and asked breathlessly, "Did you like watching her lick my pussy?"

"Yes," he said -- his voice low, and very sensual.

Seeing the drop of pre-cum seeping from his glans, Angela reached out, and gathered it up on her finger.  She brought the digit to her lips, and sucked it clean with a low moan.

"He tastes good, doesn't he?"  Lynn asked, licking her lips.  When Angela nodded her agreement, Lynn added, "Do you want a better taste?"

"Mmm hmm," Angela moaned.

"Lay down, Baby," Lynn instructed, patting Lee on the buttocks.

The two women moved, even as he reclined.  By the time his back hit the bedclothes, they were both kneeling on either side of his legs.  Lynn pulled Angela into a kiss, and their hands roamed over each other, as their tongues wrangled.

When their lips parted, Lynn whispered, "Suck my man's cock.  I've been waiting to see this, just as much as he's been waiting to see me lick pussy."

Angela leaned down, sliding over Lee's legs seductively, until her mouth was over his twitching manhood.  She slipped out her tongue, tracing the thick vein down the center of his shaft with the tip.  She then swirled her tongue around his glans, coating it in her saliva.

Leaning in close, to watch, Lynn asked, "He has a gorgeous cock, doesn't he?"

"It's beautiful," Angela answered.  "So big.  So hard."  She moved down to run her tongue over his balls, "And so smooth.  I love a shaved cock.  It makes me want to suck it all day long."

As Angela moved, to tongue his shaft once more, giving it a glistening coat of wetness, Lynn asked, "Does that feel good, Baby?"

"Fuck yeah," he groaned, looking down into Angela's eyes, and earning a smile from her for the response.

Keeping her eyes locked with his, Angela slipped two fingers beneath his cock, standing it upright.  She tickled it with her tongue, for a moment, and then wrapped her lips around him.

Lee let out a long growl, as Angela's hot mouth engulfed him.  She took him deep, pausing with her lips near the root, and then sucked back upward, wiggling her head back and forth.  She looked up at him, grinning around his purple helmet, held tight between her lips, and then sucked him in again.

Angela bobbed her head over Lee's lap, sucking in her cheeks concave, to add to the hot friction.  Another drop of pre-cum, welling up from him, awakened Angela's taste buds, and she squealed in delight around him.

Lynn caressed her folds, having pulled of her skimpy clothing, as she watched her friend suck her man.  "I love watching you do that," she moaned.

Angela glanced over at Lynn, at the top of a stroke, and gave the redhead a wicked grin.  When she slid her mouth back down over Lee's cock, she swallowed him completely -- the tip slipping into her throat, and her nose nestled in the short hairs at the base.

Lynn growled, "That makes me so jealous."

Angela's lips slid back over his hardness, and let him slip from her lips, with a gasp.  Swallowing, and then sucking in a deep breath, she turned to Lynn for a second.  "Oh?"  With that, she grinned, and swallowed Lee again.

"Damn," Lee groaned, feeling her throat contract around him, as she swallowed.  

Angela choked off a cough, quickly pulled back, and coughed again.  Thick strands of saliva trailed from her lips, to the swollen tip of Lee's cock.  She swirled her tongue over her lips, breaking the strands, and took a few quick breaths.

"That's what you get -- show off," Lynn said in mock haughty tones.  Her feigned pout turned up into a smile almost immediately, however, and she kissed Angela passionately.  When their lips parted, Lynn said, "My turn."

"Fuck yeah," Lee gasped, as Lynn suckled the head of his cock, stroking her lips over it rapidly.

Angela reached between Lee's legs, worming her hand beneath his balls.  She rolled them gently in her hand, while stroking her finger over the cord leading from the orbs, back to the puckered iris of his ass.

Lynn took him deeper, moaning around him.  Flipping her auburn curls out of her eyes, she increased the speed of her strokes.  Lee gasped, and scrunched up the bedclothes in his hands, his head thumping to the bed heavily.

Lynn released his cock for a second, to lick her lips, and take a couple of deep breaths.  She then parted her lips once more, and swallowed him.  Her nose didn't quite nestle in the kinky hairs, as Angela's had, but she came very close.  Her gag reflex kicked in, and she let him free of her mouth, with a little croaking sound.

Angela moved over him almost immediately, taking him back in her mouth, as Lynn coughed once, and swallowed.  Blinking, and wiping the tears out of her eyes, Lynn could see the signs of Lee's approaching climax.

"You going to come, Baby?"  Lynn asked, in musical tones.

"Yeah," Lee replied, in a clipped growl, nearly to the point of no-return.

Angela pulled her hand from beneath him, and wrapped it around his shaft.  She rasped her hand over him, pulling back to lap over his cock head.  She and Lynn had done this before, and so Lynn dropped down to swirl her tongue over his glans as well.

"Almost...  There," Lee gasped.

Angela stroked her hand faster, squeezing a little tighter, and the two women locked their lips in a kiss around the helmet of his cock.  They suckled it, teasing with the tips of their tongues, as Lee edged ever closer toward climax.

With a loud, growling scream, Lee came.  His cream filled both women's mouths, spurted out to coat their lips, and even left a sticky trail up Angela's cheek, just reaching the lower lashes of her left eye.

Moaning, and squealing in delight, Angela and Lynn continued to suck and stroke him.  When he ceased to spurt, Lynn engulfed him in her mouth for a few strokes.  When she released him, Angela followed her lead, doing the same.

It was too much for Lee, who pushed them both away, to pant for breath.

Lynn and Angela kissed, tasting him on each other's lips, and lapping his cum from each other's faces.  Their kisses steadily grew more passionate, and Angela reached down to slip two fingers into Lynn's depths.

Pulling away from the kiss, Angela brought her fingers to her lips, sucking Lynn's juices from them.  "Mmm, you're so wet," she moaned, and pushed on Lynn's shoulders, silently directing the redhead to lie down.

As Lynn reclined, and Lee grudgingly rolled out of the way, Angela reached down below the bed.  When she sat back up, she held a pair of handcuffs in her hand, and wore a devilish grin on her face.

"Oh please -- no," Lynn pouted, her voice lacking the edge of conviction that would have alerted Angela that she meant it.

"Oh yes," Angela purred, sliding her legs off the bed, and moving toward the headboard.  Lynn scooted up closer to the headboard, extending her arms, in sharp contrast to her earlier feigned protest.

Angela locked Lynn's right wrist in the cuffs, and then pulled the chain around the metal headboard.  She then locked the second cuff, and slid back onto the bed.  Reaching up, Angela ran her fingertips down Lynn's outstretched arms, all the way down her sides, to the redhead's hips.  All the while, she grinned wickedly.

Cocking her index finger against her thumb, Angela brought it to Lynn's right nipple.  She released her finger, letting it flick the large, stiff bud.  "Your nipples are all hard.  You want me to suck them, don't you?"
