 This is my first go at this. I should point out that my stories will be true stories, and all about the activities of my wife of 6 years, Felicity (Fliss).Her name is a bit of an irony now. For the first 4 years of our marriage it fitted the bill. I know that my cock was the only one she had ever known up to that time, but since then she has sampled, in various ways, a further 304 cocks! And I have watched most of them have their way with her!

I can start the tale in July 2013, when we were on holiday on the south coast. We were on a near deserted beach, enjoying an occasional bathe, read, and sunbathing. Fliss decide she wanted a stroll, so got up, donned a large yellow sun hat, matching her yellow bikini, and set off slowly ambling along the beach. Fliss is a petite woman, only 4-11, who looks more like 19 than her true age of 29. We often get enquiries about her age when we go into new pubs. Back then she could easily have passed for 16. She does amateur dramatics, and always gets the 'young girl' roles, Dorothy in 'The Wizard of Oz' for example. Like Judy Garland apparently, she has to have her chest tightly bound for these roles. Her breasts are not in scale with the rest of her figure. She would not be rated too highly by your classical artist types, but a lot of men, myself included obviously, will disagree with them.

I am a bit of a birdwatcher, and after Fliss had been gone 10 minutes I saw a small flock of birds land near the water line. I got my binoculars to take a better look. (For any birdwatchers among those reading this they were ringed plovers, dunlins, and one curlew sandpiper, a reasonable rarity) I watched them until they took off again, then surveyed the rest of the beach. My wife's hat soon caught my attention. She was about 500 metres away, and seemed to talking to a group of surfboarders we had passed on the way down. They were very fit looking lads, probably late teens or early twenties.

I kept the binoculars trained on my wife. One of the lads brought a fold-up chair for her, and when she was sat down put a can in her hand. A Carlsberg I guessed from the colour. Fliss is quite a shy, reserved person, so this seemed a bit out of character. I continued to watch with growing interest. Shortly after she had downed her second can Fliss stood up and walked slowly into the sand dunes at the back of the beach. One of the lads rose and followed her!

I could hardly breathe! My mind just whirled through the possibilities! I remained pretty rigid, glasses fixed on the scene. After about 15 minutes the lad returned, spoke to one of the others, who then got up and walked into the dunes!

My heart was going like a drum, and I was sweating. But I kept to my watch, and 10 minutes later the second lad returned, and a third walked into the dunes! I now almost ran into the dunes myself! It felt like I had just run a marathon! I was panting and gasping as I made my way through the dunes. What was different from just finishing a marathon was that I had a very serious hardon!

As I neared where I thought I needed to be I made my way carefully towards the beach. I climbed to the top of a dune to get my bearings, and had to dive to the ground immediately. I crawled through the marram grass and looked into the hollow between the dunes. My heart skipped a few beats!

My beautiful fife was on all-fours. Her hat lay on the ground just in front of her. Her bikini top dangled from her neck, and the bikini bottom trailed from her right ankle! Kneeling behind her was a tall, rangy lad, with short-cropped fair hair. His left hand gripped Fliss's ponytail, and his right gripped her right hip! He was jerking his buttocks back and forth vigorously, grunting with each thrust. These were echoed by soft gasps from my wife! I had to tell myself ... "I am watching my wife being doggy-fucked by a complete stranger!" My cock became even harder!

It seemed longer, but probably within two minutes of my arrival the lad's grunting became slightly louder, and more rapid, as did his thrusting into my wife! Then he was gripping both hips and pressing his groin to her rear, with deep ... "Uhh! Uhh! Uhh!" I could really imagine his hot seed pulsing into my wife's depths!

When he stood up his softening cock made a gentle curve out from his groin. He then simply hauled up his trunks and left. Fliss straightened up, and did some twisting and loosening exercises and looked around. I ducked my head lower. By the time I dared venture another peek the fourth lad had joined my wife. He had dark, curly hair, and was much younger-looking than the other. He also took his trunks off completely, rather than haul his cock out over the top like the other. His cock was decidedly ready for what it had to do!

Fliss dropped onto hands-and-knees again, and the lad dropped to his knees behind her. He reached his right hand up between my wife's thighs and let his fingers slip around in her wetness. Next he moved forward, cradling his cock, and he let out a deep sigh as he sank inside her! He then gripped her hips and began fucking her, slow and steady at first, but with increasing pace! Even from where I was I could hear how wet she was! Hardly surprising, given that she was host to three full ejaculations, mingling with her own juices!

Her new 'lover' fucked her with a sort of gentle determination, and her cries and gasps told me how much she was enjoying it. The lad was also enjoying it! His face expressed concentrated pleasure, and when he added his own spunk to that of his three mates he almost sobbed! He and I came together. I had rolled onto my side, and just a few pulls on my painfully hard cock I fired my load further than I had ever managed before! It left me feeling drained, and I only just managed to turn and raise my head in time to see the lad bend down to kiss my wife, and stroke her hair before he left. I then slowly made my way back to our beach station.

Now before this experience, I did have a yen to watch my wife with other men, but it was not a long held desire. It was all rather recent, and the trigger which started it took place less than three months prior to this day. I can tell you that story now.

I work for a company that does management consultancy work, and my own speciality is the management of construction sites. I travel around the country doing 'trouble-shooting' on construction sites having management problems. In April 2013 I was working at a site in the West Country. During the week I stayed at a pleasant country inn, and one evening in the bar I bumped into three of the site staff from the job. I got on well with them, so we spent an enjoyable evening. Around 11-30 Andy said ... "How about a run up to Bonker's Hill?" Terry and Mick agreed, and Mick asked me if I fancied it. I had no idea what the place was, so Mick said ... "Well tag along. Could be an education for yer."

We drove for about a half hour, and ended up on this wooded hillside where there were various clearings with picnic tables and such. Suddenly Terry called ... "That's Stan 'n Molly's car!" and we pulled over to a stop. Mick had a torch, and I followed them over to this parked car, a dark green Volvo. Mick went to the driver's window, which was wound down. ..."Ev'nin' Stan old mate. ... Brought yer shag bag for its monthly service then?" Mick said with a laugh. which brought me up with a start. I looked through the car and saw the passenger window lowering, revealing Andy and Terry's faces... "'Lo there Molly ... Want to start wi' a lollypop then?" I walked round the car. When I got there

Andy was leaning on the car roof, and a woman, leaning out of the window, was sucking his cock!

... "This must be one of those 'Dogging' sites I've heard so much about" I thought to myself.

That was exactly what it was, and the couple in the car, Stan and Molly, were regulars. They came every month so that strangers could fuck Molly, in all the holes she had, while her husband watched, and relished every minute! The other men were not all strangers. My three companions had all sampled Molly's three holes on several occasions. I was the only stranger that night.

Molly sucked Andy and Terry and then me, before we moved her to the back seat. Mick had climbed in to lie on the seat and she bent over to take his cock in her mouth, leaving her bare rear for our entertainment! The three of us took turns, about 5 minutes each, moving our cocks from one hole to the other. Then Mick came round and was replaced by Andy on the back seat. And that was the way it went for almost an hour!

It was all new to me. I had wondered at times just what it would be like to be involved in a gang bang. Would I be embarrassed etc.? Well it seemed almost too easy and casual. There was zero self-consciousness and embarrassment. I'm sure the beer, and the fact that Molly obviously enjoyed our attentions, were important factors. She was around 50 and a rather attractive woman. Matronly, like everybody's mum, plumpish, with melon-sized soft tits, and a pretty face. Mick and Andy came in her cunt, but Terry and I elected to come in her mouth. According to Mick that pleased both of them. Stan liked to fuck his wife with her hole already running with other men's spunk, and Molly loved swallowing it. But the most memorable thing was how incredibly excited and aroused Stan became as he watched his wife almost assailed by other men's cocks! I cannot say I understood it at the time, but it gave me something to think about!

And think about it I did over the next few weeks. And the idea slowly took me over. I tried to work out a way I could suggest the idea to Fliss, but could not come up with anything. I felt that she would be horrified and probably leave me. So when that beach adventure came from out of the blue it cleared the air wonderfully! I now know for certain that watching my wife being fucked by other men was an incredible turn-on! And I had some pictures on my phone of her doing it! I now had a completely new base from which to approach her on the matter!

How that all went I will tell you if this story is posted on the site.