 I'm supposed to be here working and yet I find myself staring at this clock every Friday. 4:55pm. Only five more minutes until my favorite part of the day. Everyone will leave the office for the day and Erica, my secretary, will come in to give me the last of the paperwork then fuck me into next Tuesday. She's all I think about now ever since that day a few months ago when she came into my office and handed me a folder with her panties in it. Yeah, she's very blunt when she wants something. Now every Friday after everyone leaves we have sex all over my office. When we aren't having sex I think about how smooth her skin is, how perfectly round her nipples are, how soft her hair feels when she's going down on me. I can feel myself getting hard just thinking about her. Then the door opens. 

"Hello, Mr. Laclaire, it's five o'clock and everyone has left for the day, don't you think it's time for you to start enjoying your weekend too?" Erica asks as she enters my office and sits on my desk in front of me. She nonchalantly spreads her legs revealing to me she isn't wearing any panties. Man, I thought, her pussy always looks amazing, so pink and wet. 

"Oh why yes Erica, thank you for always looking out for me. Let the weekend begin!" I reply as I shove two fingers in her cunt. I must have taken her by surprise because she let out a nice loud moan. "Oh Matt!" I'm still sitting in my office chair so I get the perfect view of my fingers going in and out of her little pussy. She was already wet before, but now she's dripping all over my papers. Feeling her warm, wet snatch against my fingers is making my boner press against my pants even harder. This makes me finger her even faster and soon I feel her pussy pulsing against my fingers as an orgasm takes over her body "Ohhh yessss!" she lets out. I pull my fingers out and they are completely drenched in her nectar. I suck them clean. "Babe I love the way you taste." I say to her.

"And I love the way you taste so I think it's time you let me get some of you in my mouth" she replies as she gets off my desk and onto her knees in front of me. 

"Well I certainly have no objections to that." I say as she finally releases my cock from my pants. 

"Oh my, look how big you've gotten. You must have been fantasizing about me in here all day while everyone else was hard at work." She grabs the base of my cock and quickly sucks my whole member in her mouth. I let out a groan. I swear I can feel the back of her throat with my tip. I grab her hair and begin pushing her head down until I hear her gag a little. My dick is so wet with her saliva, her mouth is sliding up and down it so easily like a slip and slide. A few minutes of this and I came immediately. She slurped every drop of my cum down like she always does. She looks up at me with hunger in her eyes. This is what I love about her, we can both cum over and over and she will still want more. "I know what you want now." I said as I grabbed her arms and helped her to her feet. I ripped open her button up top, revealing her breasts. It was well known around the office that she never wears a bra. 

Her nipples are break room talk as they always poke out of whatever shirt she is wearing that day. I take them in both hands and begin tweaking them, making them hard. I push her onto my desk so she's laying on her back and take one of her nipples in my mouth while I use my thumb to play with her clit a little. Circular motions around her clit and flicking my tongue off her nipples one by one until I hear a moan escape her plump lips. I grab her legs and put them on my shoulders and begin rubbing my cock against the opening of her snatch. "I can't take anymore teasing Matt, please stick it in me!" She didn't have to ask twice. I rammed my cock inside her pussy. We both moaned together. With her legs on my shoulders I could get as deep as I wanted inside her. I pumped fast into her dripping cunt. The more she moaned, the faster and deeper I went. We were so into the heat of the moment neither of us heard the door open. "Oh my god!" a female voice yelled from the doorway. Erica pushed me off and jumped off the desk and my head jerked toward the door. It was my wife. 

"So this is what you do when you stay late at the office?!" She exclaimed. She was pissed. 

"Steph it isn't what it looks like" I begin to try to explain, not sure how I'm going to lie my way out of this one. 

"Really? Because it looks like you were fucking the brains out of your secretary." 

"I am so sorry Mrs. Laclaire. I didn't want you to find out this way." Erica apologized, still topless. 

"Oh honey, don't give me your fake apologies. I know how great he is in bed, I know you're not sorry for taking that big cock in you." Steph said , shocking Erica and even myself. 

"Steph, let's go, we can talk about this at home." 

"No, Matthew, I would love to talk about it now. Every Friday night I wait at home for you and every time you always work late. So what happens? I end up watching porn and using one of my dildos. Only to find out that while I have been in a sex drought you've been drowning in sex at the office?!" Steph began to rant. 

"Wait...what? Are you - are you not mad about the cheating?" I asked confused. 

"No! I've always been open to things in our marriage, you know that! I'm mad because I need sex and I haven't been getting any for months and you've been over here, neck deep in it!" 

"So...if I had included you... you wouldn't be mad?" I asked slowly, trying to figure out the response least likely to make her even more mad. 

"Exactly. I don't care if you fuck other people. just make sure you still fuck me! Because let me tell you Matthew, a gel dildo doesn't compare to your nine inches of cock!" 

"Excuse me guys?" Erica said from the corner. We had almost forgotten she was even there. 

"Oh, Erica I think you can leave now." I said. 

"No actually, I have a proposition for you and your beautiful wife." 

"Oh, erm, okay..." I replied, worried what she says next might get me in even more trouble. 

"Well, it sounds like your wife needs to be screwed. And I need to be screwed. And we both know you love being screwed...so why don't we all just screw each other?" Erica offered. I looked over at my wife and the look on her face told me she actually seemed interested in this idea. 

"You want to... have a threesome with my wife?" I asked to clarify. 

"Yes. I've seen pictures of your wife all over the office and I've always thought she was beautiful. Seeing her in person just reiterates that. I mean, look at those long, tan legs. I' love to have those wrapped around my face." Erica was saying, which instantly got me hard again. I looked at my wife and slowly asked what she thought. 

"Well, I've always wondered what being with another woman would be like." Steph replied. Oh my God, I thought, is this really happening? Am I about to have a threesome with my wife and my secretary in my office? 

Erica walked over to my wife, grabbed her face in her hands and kissed her. It was a long, passionate kiss and to my surprise my wife didn't push her away, but rather pushed herself into it even more. They began making out in front of me, causing my dick to rise right back up. I could see their tongues dancing with one another in their mouths as their lips mashed together. Soon Erica's hand began wandering down my wife's body. They made their way to my wife's back where Erica had no trouble unzipping my wife's dress which then fell to the ground revealing Steph in just a bra and thong. At this point I couldn't help but start stroking myself a little. Erica quickly pushed down my wife's thong and took her bra off, throwing them to the side. She began kissing Steph's neck, which I knew drove her wild. I could hear my wife moaning quietly now as Erica made her way to her nipples. I walked over and took the right nipple in my mouth while Erica took the left. Both of us sucking on her tits now. Erica noticed me jerking my cock and grabbed it from me. She started stroking me off slowly while Steph's nipple was still in her mouth. Erica started kissing down my wife's body. Her lips moved from her tits, to her stomach and finally made their way to her snatch opening. 

Erica began moving her tongue up and down the length of my wife's pussy, occasionally stopping at her clit to suck on it, making my wife moan every time. After a few moments of her pleasuring my wife's cunt with her tongue Erica ordered me to take over for her. I immediately obeyed. Steph was still standing at this point so I sat in between her legs on the floor. I pulled her pussy lips apart so I could get a better view since I was right under her and started going to town. Moving my tongue up and down and side to side, all around her pussy. I make my way to her asshole and begin licking all around it, which makes Steph moan more and more. While I'm doing this I realize Erica has gotten on her knees in front of me and has started sucking my dick. This makes me want to make my wife cum even more so I begin licking her faster. Soon Steph is moaning uncontrollably and she begins to shake as her orgasm takes hold of her. When she comes down from it and sees Erica sucking my cock, it seems she wants to join too. She gets on her knees next to Erica and pulls her off of my member and starts making out with her again. Soon they take their make out session onto my cock. Erica's lips are on one side and Steph's are on the other and they are going up and down my cock using their tongues. This is so great, I thought. I'm so close to orgasm now, watching two sets of lips go all over my dick is driving me crazy and I can feel myself going over the edge, but then both women stop. 

"You can't finish just yet Matthew, you need to fuck us first." Steph says. 

"Oh yeah, Matt you never finished me off earlier!" Erica exclaimed. 

"My pleasure ladies, which will it be first?" I asked excitedly. 

"Your wife needs it, from the sound of it you haven't given her any love in quite some time, Matt, so you need to drill her good!" 

"Oh honey, I'd much rather get myself all hot by watching you two go at it first if you don't mind" my wife replied as she sat down in my office chair. 

I grab Erica from behind and bend her over my desk so we are both facing Steph. I spread her ass cheeks so I can get a good look at her pussy opening before diving in with my cock. Erica grabbed hold of the corners of my desk as I start bucking into her. I can see her knuckles begin to turn white as she is holding on so tight. "Mmmm. Yeah Matt, right there!" she exclaims. I'm holding her by her nice round waist while pumping my cock into her warm pussy as things are falling from my desk. I look up to see my wife with her legs spread on my office chair rubbing her clit for us to see. "Baby that is so hot." I tell her through my own moans. 

"You two are getting my so wet right now, I need to see you fuck her harder Matthew! I want her to cum all over your cock!" Steph yells. This really got me going as I start going faster. I can feel my balls hitting Erica because I'm going so rough. Erica is screaming now and her body is starting to shake. I knew she was going to cum soon so I reached around and started massaging her clit with my thumb while plowing my cock into her pussy. This set her off into a moment of ecstasy. Her pussy walls grabbed a hold of my dick and her whole body shook like I had never seen. She pushed herself against me to get up off the desk and told me it was my wife's turn. I walked over to my wife who was still rubbing herself on the chair and ordered her to get on her hands and knees on the floor. She excitedly obeyed. I took my dick in my hand and began tracing her pussy lips with the head of it. I could feel every line of her moist skin and it felt wonderful. 

"Fuck her now! I want to hear her scream Matt!" Erica yelled from behind us. 

I pushed my cock into my wife and she let out a long moan. "Mmmmm." I grabbed hold of her tits and began fucking her from behind. Being inside of her never got old and her pussy was still tight as ever. I watched as Erica got underneath Steph and wondered what she was doing. Then I heard my wife let out a scream of pleasure I had never heard from her before and I looked down to see Erica was underneath her using her tongue on my wife again. Who knew that my work day was going to end with me fucking my wife on the office floor while my secretary licked her cunt? Steph's moans became muffled and I looked up to see not only was Erica licking her but she was licking Erica as well. Oh my God, this couldn't get any better! I just kept bucking into Steph's cunt going faster and faster until her muffled moans turned into stifled screams as she began to cum all over my cock. 

I knew I was getting close too so once her orgasm was done I took my cock out of her pussy and slowly inserted it into Steph's asshole. She let out a squeal as she wasn't expecting it, but then that turned into little moans. Erica was still underneath her getting eaten out and now she had just slurped one of my balls into her mouth. That was it for me. The tightness of my wife's asshole and the wet mouth of my secretary wrapped around my balls while my wife was making her orgasm by tonguing her wet cunt, I couldn't take it anymore and I let my load out. My cum began dripping out of my wife and Erica was there to catch it with her tongue, making sure to get every last drop through her heavy breathing. This is how every Friday is going to end now. My secretary made sure to mark it on the calendar.