 When Maddie got back to the hotel room Will was nowhere to be seen. Back on the beach after Sam had left (once he had cum on her face again), Will had slowly seem to come back to his senses as though he had been in a trance whist he watched his sexy girlfriend riding another man right before him. He had then turned and left her on the beach not saying another word to her. Maddie had cleaned herself up in the sea and then put her bikini back on before leaving herself.

Maddie went into the bathroom and took a long shower washing the sand, sea and sex off her body. As the warm water streamed over her, Maddie ran her hands over her wet, slippery body, and as she closed her eyes the image of Will entered her mind. She cupped her breasts in her hand and lightly pinched her nipple, savouring the small chill it sent to her clit. She remembered the last time that Will had been in a shower with her, and as she caressed her naked self she imagined that she could again feel his hot, slippery skin pressing against her own. As she imagined the feel of his cock pumping in and out of her as he bent her over under the stream of hot water, her fingers brushed against her clit. 

The hand cupping her breast squeezed just a little tighter as she began to slowly circle her clit with her fingertips. She let her hair fall to the side and the coursing water ran over the special spot at the back of her neck as she pictured the touch of Will's lips and his heavy breath. The two fingers working her now swollen clit slip down and ran along the smooth lips of her shaven pussy. 

Then her thoughts turned to Sam and now she imagined it was Sam in the shower with her. Her mind transported her and her imaginary lover to the bedroom, where he drove himself into her, pulling her back to him with his fingers wrapped in her hair, and her own fingers slid inside her hot, dripping pussy, searching out her g-spot. The fantasy playing out behind her closed eyelids became more and more vivid, and her fingers moved again to her clit. 

The heel of her hand pulled back her outer lips to give her fingers better access. As her fingertips rapidly flickered over her clit her hips involuntarily began to rock, and she stroked herself more firmly. The first waves of her orgasm began to roll through her body. Her fingers remained pressed against her throbbing clit as she savoured the overwhelming feeling. When the last shivers left her body she stood under the shower for a few minutes longer, no longer thinking, but only enjoying the physical touch of hot water on bare skin. Then, flushed and spent, she turned and switched off the water.

Back in the bedroom she dried off and got dressed. She picked out a pair of sheer panties with a sexy low waist and a luxurious French embroidered trim around the edge. She loved the sexy feel of the lingerie against her pussy as she pulled them into place. She put on the matching demi bra. The shallow cupped bra gave her breasts a great lift to create extraordinary cleavage with teasing lace panels covering the nipples. For the rest of the outfit Maddie selected a low cut top and her shortest skirt, which barely covered her panties. As she applied her makeup in the mirror she admired her reflection deciding she looked hot, she was getting horny again and knew she needed to get fucked tonight but will it be will or Sam she wandered or someone else she thought wickedly.

Just then her cell beeped interrupting her thoughts. She checked it, it was a message from Sam.

'Come over to my hotel,' it read 'I have a surprise for you!'

Intrigued Maddie quickly finished her makeup pulled on her heels to complete her outfit and left to go and meet Sam.

Maddie was in Sam's hotel room, he was kissing her. The tip of his tongue slipped between her full lips and touched hers gently. Maddie's mouth was open slightly to allow him access. Their tongues began to play, slowly at first, and then more urgently. The kiss deepened and their mingled breath became heavy. Maddie's fingers tightened their grip, holding handfuls of Sam's shirt as he sucked her bottom lip into his mouth, teeth gently grazing it.

His hand slid up her smooth bare leg, across the swell of her hip, and then crept up to cup her breast, gently squeezing it, feeling the fullness. His hand slid around to the front, catching her nipple, erect through the thin material of her top, he trapped it between his thumb and forefinger; rolling it between them. She cried out, her mouth momentarily slack while he played with her nipples and kissed her mouth firmly.

His other hand came up, capturing her other breast as his mouth descended, pushing her back to kiss her collar bone. Sam pulled her top up and off, throwing it across the room. He kneaded her breasts, barely contained in the black lace bra, and then pulled the straps of her bra down exposing her hard nipples to his hungry mouth. His lips covering one of them, pulling it into his mouth and running his tongue over it. 

One of her hands came up, running into his hair and holding him there, eyes closed and neck arched as he sucked on her breasts. 

"God, Sam," she murmured. 

Maddie gasped as she felt Sam's tongue glide over the surface of her firm, full globes. 

"Fuck, that feels good. Your tongue's so gentle," Maddie purred, leaning back to give Sam more room. Sam leaned forward, lifting his hands to cup Maddie's breasts, pressing them together as she flicked her tongue over their surface. As he bit down softly on her nipple, Maddie came, suddenly, the excitement and the sensations too much for her. "Oh fuck... Ohhhhhh fuck," she gasped as her body convulsed. 

As Sam teased her nipples with his teeth and tongue, Maddie felt her climax peak over and over again. 

"Oh yesssss!" she moaned, "Suck my tits! Suck my fucking tits, Sam!" 

Sam chuckled at the girl's language before fastening his lips around one nipple. As he sucked it deep into his mouth, flicking it with his tongue, Maddie reached under her skirt began fingering her clit through the damp material of her panties. Her body began to shake again. 

"Squeeze my tits, Sam!" Maddie cried, "Squeeze 'em and suck 'em hard!"

Sam pressed Maddie's breasts together, teasing the nipples with his thumbs as his tongue flicked over their surface. "Fuck... Oh fuck!" Maddie moaned as her climax soared, her body shaking wildly. She worked a finger into her pussy. "Ooooooh, mmmmmm!" she sighed as she felt the walls of her cunt tighten around the invading digit. 

Having coated Maddie's breasts with a warm film of saliva, Sam's hands glided easily over their surface as their lips pressed together in a hungry kiss. 

Her hand, shaking, Maddie started unbuttoning Sam's shirt, wanting to feel his skin, opening it to his waist, and then pulling it free of his pants and running her hands up to feel the hairs on his torso against her hands. She ran a hand across his nipples, feeling them harden as she explored the hard ridges of his body. 

His breath caught in his throat as he felt Maddie move her hand to his belt buckle. He pulled back allowing her the space to work. He began to moan as she undid his belt, then unbuttoned his pants. She was kissing him fiercely as she pulled his zipper down and reached her hand inside his open pants. He groaned loudly as she pulled his underwear back and wrapped her hand around his hard cock, pulling it out into the dim light of the car. She began to stroke him up and down, jerking him off as they continued to kiss.

Maddie freed her other hand from inside her panties. Sam took Maddie's hand in his and lifted the girl's fingers to her lips. "Mmmmmm," Maddie murmured as Sam guided her fingers into her mouth, licking her own juices from them with her tongue, Maddie sighed. 

"I taste good!" she giggled

"I want to taste you, Maddie," Sam purred softly. 

Abruptly, he pulled away from her, removing his shirt completely and stepping out of his pants and underwear to stand completely naked. Then, grabbing her by the waist, and setting her on edge of the bed. He looked up at her, her lips swollen and eyes dark, locking her gaze as his hands slid up her thighs, under her skirt,

Sam slid one hand inside the girl's panties, his fingers joining Maddie's as they teased her pussy. 

"Oh yes, that's just what I need," Maddie moaned as Sam's fingers rubbed against her swollen clit. Maddie felt the warm, stickiness of another girl's juices coat their fingers. Maddie's hips began to buck, increasing the pressure of fingers on her clit. 

"Don't stop!" she urged, "That feels soooooo good!" 

Sam's tongue danced back and forth over Maddie's nipples as the girl's clit throbbed beneath his fingers. 

"Yesssssss" Maddie cried, her body shaking with increasing violence as her climax intensified. "Yessss! Ooooohhhhh, yessss! Th... that's sooooo gooooooood!" 

Clinging to Sam for support, Maddie let her orgasm wash over her. She whimpered softly as spasms wracked her body. Sam's finger still pressed lightly on her clit, not letting her climax subside. 

"Shit, that was good!" Maddie purred as she struggled to bring her body under control. Maddie smiled as Sam leaned forward to kiss her lightly on the lips. Their lips parted, Sam smiled. "Now, if you're ready, I'm going to eat your pussy," he said. Maddie nodded, a tremble of anticipation ran through her. "Lie back," Sam urged her. Smiling, Maddie did as she was told. 

On her back, Maddie raised her hips off the bed Sam worked the short black skirt down over her hips, tossing it aside. Maddie's lacy black panties were damp with her juices. Sam reached forward and began pulling at them, easing them down over Maddie's thighs, she helped, tugging them down her legs, down past her knees, her lower legs and then past her feet before tossing them negligently to the floor. Smiling up at Sam, Maddie opened her legs, revealing her shaven slit to his gaze. 

Her lower lips were swollen and red, her juices glistening on their surface. Slowly, nibbling on the end of one fingernail, Maddie reached down between her legs to spread her labia with the fingers of her other hand. 

Sam leaned forward and began slowly kissing his way up the inside of Maddie's thighs. The rich scent of pussy filled his senses as Sam slowly approached. Maddie trembled in anticipation as Sam's mouth made its way inexorably closer to its goal. 

"Mmmmmm," Sam purred as his tongue gently probed Maddie's pussy, lapping her juices into his mouth. 

Sam continued to kiss and lick and suck. He felt Maddie running her hands feverishly through his hair as his tongue and fingers probed and his lips caressed her sex. 

Sam paused and looked up stealthily at the door to the ensuite bathroom. His friend Greg was standing there in the nude, grinning sheepishly, and holding onto one big erection. They had agreed that Sam would wait in there watching secretly then join in once Sam had got Maddie going. Sam was sure that once he got Maddie hot enough she would agree to the threesome. Now it was time to find out if he was right!

Sam motioned Greg in. then turned back to Maddie, kissing her belly and moving down her thighs. Greg stood for a while at her side, then he reached out and began playing with her nipple. When he used his other hand to play with her other nipple, Sam could feel Maddie tense. Sam looked up from kissing the inside of her thigh to see her touch Greg's hand, run her fingers along, feeling its length and texture, and obviously trying to work something out. 

At that point Maddie knew that those were not Sam's hands on her breasts, making her nipples so hard. 

She opened her eyes in Shock.

"Greg! She gasped" she pushed his hands away. "Sam, what's he doing here?" she demanded.

"Play nicely," Sam smirked, "Greg wanted you ever since he saw you in the club" and I thought it would be fun to double-team you

"No Sam" moaned Maddie I don't want to do that"

Sam's tongue darted out grazing Maddie's clit working her up further

"Look, Maddie I promised Greg," he told her. "Now either he stays or we both go and find some other slut to bang!"

Maddie groaned "No," she begged don't leave. "Okay ... I'll do it"

Sam smiled, his plan had worked. Returning to his task, he sucked her clitoris into his mouth and ran his tongue over it in tiny circles, then he repeated the process, over and over, driving Maddie over the edge.

Greg continued to squeeze Maddie's big tits and finger her hard little nipples. At some point, he bent over, and teased her left nipple with his lips and tongue. 

Maddie right hand grasped Sam's thick cock stroking it as he continued to lick her pussy. She began to move her hips up and down, in the opposite motion of Sam's tongue. She could feel her orgasm approaching, and knew it was going to be a good one. Maddie's left hand snaked out and ran up the inside of Greg's thigh. She played with the hairs on his leg, then ran up first to his balls, which she fondled, then to his cock.

It excited her run her hand along the length of each boy's prick, feeling the different textures, Sam's bigger uncircumcised prick and the slightly bendy shape of Greg's smaller circumcised one . She ran her fingers around both cocks in every direction, testing them in every way. Greg was loving it too, groaning quietly in his throat. 

She was squirming underneath Sam as he began to shake his head from side to side running his tongue up and down her lips. Each time he made contact with her clit, Maddie would let out a tiny scream. He knew she was close.

As Greg moved his mouth from her tit to her lips. She kissed him, licked his lips, used her tongue lovingly, all the while running her hands along and around the two stiff pricks.

Then Maddie pulled Greg's cock towards her, and Sam almost stopped tonguing her clitoris to get a better view. She raised her head off the pillow, and turned to him, kissing the knob of his prick, licking it, fingering its length and sending him into ecstasy with her fingers on his balls. Her box was getting sloppy with juices as she moved into Sam, at the same time taking his length slowly into her mouth. She licked his balls, kissed his thighs, used her fingers in different ways and places 

Sam stopped licking her and let her operate on Greg. This allowed her to sit on the side of the bed facing him, and operate on his erection. breathing heavily and burying her face in his thighs. 

Sam moved behind her, kneeling on the bed and massaging her back , then reaching around to her tits. Sam was rubbing his hard prick against Maddie's back, a hand full of tit. Suddenly he slapped her ass twice, once on either cheek, leaving pink handprints and making her gasp even round Greg's thick cock. Then in one easy motion he rammed his cock into her fantastic, shaved pussy and started banging her hard. The two guys were spit-roasting her between them. One cock in her pussy, one in her mouth. Her body was glistening with sweat and she was making muffled gasping noises, her knees sliding backwards and forwards over the bed as they fucked her. 




Sam was thrusting in and out of her hard and fast and Maddie tried to focus on sucking Greg's cock and not on the cock ramming in and out of her hot pussy. Greg didn't last long, moaning in just a few minutes that he was cumming. And cum he did, shooting what felt like a whole cup full of cum into her mouth and making some great noises too. Maddie tried to hold it all in her mouth as Greg withdrew. Sam's thrusting was still steady, Maddie swallowed all of Greg's cum, gasping as it went down. 

"Did she swallow it?" asked Sam.

"Yes," replied Greg.

"Good girl" Sam told Maddie

Seeing her swallow Greg's cum must have really turned Sam on, because he quickened his pace and soon roared and shot what felt like a load and a half into her. They collapsed into a pile, and Sam rolled off of her. Maddie looked over to Greg to see his cock already at half-mast. 

Nodding to his stiffening member, Greg said "Are you ready for us to switch places?"

"Sure, since you look like you're ready!" Maddie beamed. 

Greg rolled her back to her knees, grabbed her hips and entered her from behind. Maddie looked over to Sam and saw that he was hardening too.

'Would you like me to swallow your cum, too?" Maddie purred.

Sam scrambled over, presenting his semi-rigid member to her. Maddie began sucking his cock, licking off her juices and his cum, as Greg fucked her from behind. Sam fondled her breasts underneath her as he stiffened quickly from her oral efforts and was soon moaning steadily. The combination of Greg's cock pounding her and Sam's hands on her tits really worked her up and Maddie started rocking her hips back into him. It was getting hard to concentrate on Sam's cock as Maddie could feel herself getting close to a climax. Greg continued to pump into her rhythmically and soon she started to quiver as another orgasm ripped through her. Maddie moaned around Sam's dick as she struggled to keep up the action on him. Sam responded to her screams by moaning that he was cumming and told her to swallow it all. Maddie focused as best she could in the throes of her continuing orgasm and pushed him over the edge. Fortunately for her, he must have shot most of his load into her pussy and, although he seemed to cum hard, the amount was manageable. Maddie arched her back and showed his cum in her mouth. His jaw dropped. Maddie swallowed it all and put her head back down to enjoy the fuck she was getting. After a few more minutes of screwing her, Greg groaned and came for the second time. They collapsed on the bed again.