 Even with the air conditioner on, the sweltering heat outside had John sweating. And it was close to bedtime, but Texas heat wouldn't let up until several months later, if the state was lucky. 

"How did I know you were here?" 

John turned to see Madison standing in the doorway. He looked at her, smiled weakly and picked up his drink to hide his delight at seeing her curvy figure standing in t-shirt and hip hugging jeans that accentuated just how shapely her figure was. "You're just lucky, I guess." 

She frowned. "When are you going to stop working so hard?"

John licked his lips and looked at Madison, his eyes traveling up and down the line of her body. Strands of blond hair strayed from her ponytail, accentuating her round face. Ocean blue eyes and plump lips beckoned to him, silently asking for permission to...

Hands on her curved hips, she strode forward and took the drink from his hand. "What are you drinking?" 

She took a swig before he could answer, and immediately started coughing. 

John took the drink from her hand and patted her on the back. "Scotch on the rocks, Madison. My favorite." John handed her a bottle of water from beside the half empty bottle of scotch. 

Madison took a long, deep swig, her throat pulsing with each swallow. 

Something tight formed low in John's groin as he watched beads of water slide down her long neck into the valley of her luscious breasts. John noticed how snug the fit of her red and pink stripped shirt fit across her breasts.

Or how it showed a little bit of skin when she arched her head back to drink the rest of the water.

Setting the empty bottle down on the table, Madison looked at John, narrowing her eyes. "What are you doing here, anyway?"

"I'm on break right now, but in a few minutes I'm off to bed. I have to get up early and go to the property, let my new contractor in, run errands all afternoon on the north side of town and get things ready for our refi."

Madison reached out to him, the soft touch of her hands against his tense shoulders set hi at ease. "You weren't even going to tell me you were here, were you?"

John looked around the apartment, at the window and back at Madison again. "I planned to. Just after things were in order so we could—"

Madison's fingers touched his chin. "Don't play games with me John. We both know how you are. You need to work less, spend more time with me."

John let out a long, slow breath. "I know. I promise I will. Just have to get this deal going first. I flip this house and I'm free financially. We're so close, Madison. Two of our partners are only two deals behind me and...I know. You're not buying it, are you?" He stopped talking, studying her expression instead. The smell of humidity hung in the air along with something else more primal. Her personal aroma drifted his way. 

"I'm not buying your bullshit. I'm proud of you. But you can't just waltz in here and stay with me without giving me warning so I can rearrange my schedule for you."

John took his glass and poured more scotch into the settled ice. "I'd rather you not."

"I"m your best friend and you don't love me?"

He arched an eyebrow at her. "With all my heart, I love you."

Her frown deepened. "Then cut the crap. And slow down. I'll rush your ass to the hospital for your heart but I promise you'll not be happy with me afterwards."

John threw his head back in laughter. "I'm fine dear. Okay?"

Madison slapped his shoulder.

John reached for her hand, taking it in his. She was warm. "I'd slow down for you," his voice was a low whisper now."

"You haven't yet." She set a hand on her luscious hip. 

"Make me?" John spun around in the chair and looked at the documents spread out before him. Loan papers, contractor bids, materials lists and schedules for the next few weeks lay out on the desk in a mess. 

"Maybe I will." She glared at him, her tongue flicking over her plump bottom lip. 

His cock hardened. "You haven't yet."

Madison sighed. "Haven't found the right time yet. And why won't you relax and wear casual clothes? It's Friday for Christ's sake."

He leaned back and set his hands behind his head. "I thought you liked me in a suit."

She licked her lower lip. "I do. But it's ninety-five degrees outside and your hair is still hanging down. Aren't you hot?"

Raising his glass, he swished the ice around. "Got my scotch on the rocks. You're here now. I'm good."

Madison threw her hands up and sighed. "What am I going to do with you?"

John looked at Madison, wishing he could just fall asleep in beautiful pools of her eyes. Or swim naked with her. That was a thought.

Something built low in his body. He wondered if Madison could feel it when they touched.

He sure as hell could. 

But damn, he was tired. It had been a long flight, the heat was overbearing. He'd had no trouble getting his rental car or visiting the property but had to spend too much time without eating. And then he had to remember where Madison left the spare key to her apartment. 

The fact that his property was in Kingwood, he had to fly into Houston Hobby and then drive all the way back to Sugarland where Madison lived was exhausting too. But she was well worth it. Hell, he'd do anything to see her standing before him, looking at him with a hidden mischievous grin and her hands on her hips. Breasts jutted out proudly while her oh so kissable lips moved.

"I've got all sorts of ideas, babe."

"I'm sure you do," she nodded. "Just come to bed when you're done."

John watched her walk off, her hips swaying from side to side with each step she took. Hands reached for the hem of her shirt and pulled it over her head before she disappeared, leaving him with a view of her white bra, tanned skin and the desire to slake his own primal needs tonight. 

"Damnit!" John knocked back the drink and slammed the glass on the table. Not only was he tired, somewhat drunk, and not looking forward to the first of a few long Saturdays, he was horny. 

His cock strained against his pants and he knew he had to do something. Maybe a cold shower. Or maybe a long, hot shower that featured Madison stepping into the large tub with him, setting her delectably round ass against his cock and letting him smell her arousal, feel her heat. 

Of course there was just a quick shower where he blew his hair dry, dressed for bed in pajama bottoms, a tank top that showed off his muscular arms and pale skin. And there was another glass of scotch, a large one designed to knock him out so he'd sleep tonight without dreaming of Madison's pussy gripping him and milking him. John slumped back in his chair, head hanging forward. He took a sip of scotch, let the liquid burn his throat before he took another longer swig. Sitting up, he looked at the stack of papers that had been neatly organized. 

"Madison?"

He smiled to himself. 

The bedroom door opened. "John," Madison's sleepy voice called out.

John looked up, set his glass down on the desk and waited. "Yes dear?"

"It's bedtime. Come to bed."

She sounded needy. Another man would have missed the subtlety of want in her voice but he knew her well. "I have things to do before bed first." 

"Then I'll come to you." Her voice was a husky whisper. 

John arched a brow. 

A moment later, Madison appeared before John wearing a black see through teddy that flowed out at the bottom with lace trimming. A scrap of lace hid both nipples and obscured his view of her pussy. Her hair had fallen around her shoulders in curls, so that it bounced with each step she took towards him. Hands started at her shoulders, smoothed down her arms, over her full breasts and over her round stomach until stopping at her hips. Madison stuck one leg forward, took a tentative step closer to John and stopped mere inches from him. "Well?"

His jaw dropped. He blinked several times to make sure he was seeing right before focusing on her expression. 

"You think I'm fat. I knew it."

"No!" He stood and took her hands in his. His stomach tightened from the contact hwile his cock hardened. Blood pumped faster down south and his mouth was bone dry. "No, that's not it. It's just...just...wow Madison. I've dreamed of this for years."

"What do you intend to do now?" Her frown became a smile.

His cock throbbed beneath his boxers. Damn clothes!

Something inside John switched on as though the alcoholic haze that had begun to settle around his mind had been lifted.

Lifting a hand to the back of her head, he pulled her mouth to his, crushing their lips together fiercely. 

Inhaling deeply, he swept his tongue over her bottom lip, he pulled her body to his, making sure to press the length of his cock against her belly. She smelled of seduction, peaches and cream. "I intend to have you, lover." He nibbled her lower lip, enjoying her moans into him as her hands roamed up his back and settled on his shoulders.

A hand wrapped around loose strands of his hair and pulled his mouth away from hers. His neck exposed, she bent her head and pressed her lips to his neck, sucking on the flesh just above his collarbone.

John groaned pleasurably, his cock nudged against her belly still, pressure building deep inside him.

Forcing her thighs apart with his leg, he pushed her down against his thigh, feeling the wet heat against his skin through the flimsy material of their clothes. "Too many barriers," he commanded and immediately lifted her teddy off and threw it aside.

"That was my favorite!" 

"And it looks great on you. But you look better as you are." He pressed his thigh between her legs, rubbing her pussy harder.

She straddled him, gripping his leg tightly. The valley between Madison's thighs burned his leg with intense heat. "You're hot for me?"

"For years," she whispered into his ear before her tongue slipped around his earlobe.

"Sit," spinning her around, he pulled her onto his lap and made her straddle him.

Madison giggled, a light airy sound. 

Her ass was firmly pressed against his taut stomach. Wrapping his arms around her waist, he slid his hands up her belly slowly, inch by slow inch.

"You really like the way I look?" Her voice was laced with doubt.

"I love the way you look Madison. You're beautiful, a full figured woman with—" A knock at the door cut him off.

He turned his head towards the door. Nothing was going to ruin this perfect moment damnit! "What the hell?" 

A wicked grin crossed Madison's puckered lips. "That should be Alicia."

A brow arched. "Alicia?" 

Madison slid slowly off his thighs and strode towards the door. "I told you to stop working so hard earlier, didn't I?"

"Yes." he nodded.

"And you said 'make me,' didn't you?"

John nodded again, confused still. His dick throbbed painfully.

"So, I used the one weapon I had guaranteed to make you stop for just long enough to relax."

"Your body?"

"And," she opened the door, "Alicia's."

Alicia stepped through the threshold, slipped off a green trench coat to reveal a similar outfit to Madison's, only in red. "Hi John," she twirled around, giving John a view of her tight bottom and the thin strap of material that disappeared between toned cheeks. Red lace scraps of cloth covered round breasts that appeared firm. Ruby red lipstick emphasized full lips and green eyes, eyes that held the strongest tinge of seduction in them.

"Do you like?" Alicia caressed Madison's arm with a red fingernail. Her hair had been pulled back into a tight bun atop her head.

Madison reached for the band that held Alicia's hair up and tugged it free. "She's a natural redhead, John."

"I like what I'm seeing." John reached behind him and grabbed the glass of scotch. Taking a long sip, he kept his eyes focused on Madison and Alicia.

Alicia was clearly the aggressive one, caressing and stroking Madison softly until she began to purr. 

"I've waited years to hear that sound. Never thought another woman would be the reason, but who cares, right?" John's cock grew harder. He couldn't take his gaze from either woman.

Both women strode closer to John, never breaking contact. "I've told you I had fantasies involving women before, John!" Madison puckered her lips and before John could get up to kiss her, Alicia cut him off and locked her lips to Madison's. A hand snaked behind Madison's head, pulling her into the kiss deeper, while another hand snaked around her waist and caressed the underside of a breast. 

Madison pulled away long enough to murmur, "stroke yourself for me, John."

John set his glass down again and touched his throbbing organ through his pants.

"Not like that," Alicia hissed and broke from the kiss. She reached for John's pajama bottoms and tugged them down.

He arched upwards and let her slide them down his legs.

"You didn't tell me he was built, Madison." Alicia's green eyes sparkled with passion, desire. Hell, the room began to fill with the pungent scent of arousal.

His cock sprung free, bobbing forward in the cool air.

"You didn't tell me he was hung, either. Shame on you Madison!" Alicia licked her lips.

"I had no idea," Madison smirked. 

To his knowledge, she hadn't either. John once thought he saw Madison spying on him while he showered, but when he turned his head, there wasn't anyone around.

Madison stepped forward, reaching out tentatively. Her eyes met Johns.

"Go on, Madison. You started this." His tone mirrored Alicia's bold movements.

He felt Alicia's lips suck on his toes, sending signals racing straight up his legs and to his cock.

Madison touched John's cock, wrapping her fingers around its girth before her lips curled into a smile. "You're so smooth, like velvety steel, John. I had no idea."

Her eyes widened as his cock throbbed in her hand.

"Madison, I...oh god," his hips jerked upwards when Alicia nibbled his inner thigh.

Madison pumped his cock up and down a few times. "It's so..."

"Meant for you," he choked out as Alicia's soft lips nudged his thighs apart. Full breasts brushed against the bottoms of his legs. Madison stepped forward, sinking to her knees. "What do you taste like?"

Before he could answer, he found his legs spread apart even farther apart due to Alicia's making room for Madison.

Alicia turned towards Madison, giving John a great view of her profile and her round, high breasts. Alicia bent her head forward, stroking Madison's mouth with her tongue. Slowly, Madison opened her mouth for the other women. Quickly, Alicia's tongue slipped past Madison's lips. Madison's eyes shot up in surprise. John saw a tongue slip past Madison's lips, wondered what it tasted, how the inside of Madison's mouth felt. Was she sweet like he'd always thought, or spicy? 

Hands caressed Madison's breasts, forcing tiny sounds from her. She kept her hand pumping John's engorged cock. A soft moan escaped his lips when the hand tightened around him. 

Alicia pulled away from the kiss and looked at John, her eyes sparkling. 

He stared down at her, noticing her round, brown nipples and how large they were. How they looked eager for his mouth. Hell, he was salivating just looking at Madison's nude body and his cock was slick with precum.

"You're looking at me as though I'm dinner," Alicia giggled.

"Appetizer until my main course." John's head was pushed back gently, fingers ruffling through strands of thick, blonde hair. 

"What am I?" Madison said with almost a pouty note in her voice.

"Main course and dessert." John licked his lips and felt Madison's smile in the dim light. 

"Good." Madison dipped her head between his thighs and opened her mouth. 

John started to caress her silky dirty blonde locks but was instantly stunned, the heat of her mouth surrounding his cock made him stop everything he was doing.

I've never felt such heat from any woman who has ever sucked my dick," John gasped out as Madison's mouth drew him in all the way and slid him slowly, slowly out inch by painful inch.

"And you never will from anyone but me." Madison spoke with her lips wrapped around John's cock. 

Combined with fingers teasing his scrotum, nails probed between his ass.

He squirmed and looked down to see the top of Madison's head slowly sucking him in once again, while hands caressed her hips.

Alicia's fingers slipped beneath the tiny strips of cloth that was the waistband of Madison's panties and pulled down, slowly.

While keeping his cock in her mouth, Madison shifted her weight to allow her panties to come off.

"Your pussy is so beautiful, I can't wait to sink my tongue inside." Alicia's husky voice echoed John's thoughts. 

"She's shaved, isn't she?" His words came out more as a groan.

The head of his cock popped out of Madison's mouth with a loud noise.

He stiffened.

She licked her lips and nibbled his shaft delicately.

Each bit of contact made him tense up as pressure built in his balls. The need for release hovered just below the surface of his skin as beads of sweat dripped down his brow. 

"It's hot in here, Madison."

Madison pulled his cock from her wet mouth and looked at him. "I agree, John." She arched her hips upwards, giving John a great view of her plump ass.

Alicia had shed her clothes completely. Standing naked before them both, she looked at Madison. "Come here," she spoke in a low tone meant for only the three of them to hear.

Eyes half opened, Madison rose to her full height, breasts bobbing beneath her bra. 

"Take that off," John commanded. "I want to see your mounds."

Madison started to turn away but was held fast by Alicia's strong grip. "You wanted this Madison, so don't shy away. Both of us love your body," she unhooked the black bra and let the straps slide down Madison's shoulders. "Don't we, John?"

John nodded. Standing, he broke the distance between them and sealed his mouth over Madison's. Her lips felt full, ripe for kissing as his tongue swirled over her bottom lip once more.

She opened her mouth to his advances, let him slide his tongue into her. 

Fingers tangled in his hair, nails fluttered over his skin. 

The inside of her mouth felt hot, on fire and velvety soft as their tongues wrestled for control. Madison's advances became bolder. Her arms wrapped around his waist, pulling him to her.

His cock brushed against her belly, her breasts crushed against his chest. "I've always wanted to see just how built you were," her own voice had become a sultry sound he could listen to forever. 

Fingers brushed over hard pecs and slid down his sides over a rippled six pack. John couldn't help but flex for her, even as his mind became lost in the fog of ecstasy. 

A hand reached for his balls, tugging them and sending pleasure racing throughout his body while another tongue probed his ass.

Squirming, John spread his legs apart farther, nudging his cock against Madison's heat. "I want inside your pussy Madison." His mouth conquered hers again, tongue plundering between moist lips. 

She pulled back from their kiss "I'd like to let you in, but I need a favor." She giggled and gasped as a pair of strong fingers found her wet entrance.

"Anything," he spoke followed by an unidentifiable noise forced from him when Alicia's mouth wrapped around his shaft.

"Anything?" The mischievous look in Madison's eyes made him wonder what other pleasures they'd share tonight.

"Keep touching me Madison. Alicia's already helped convince me to bend to your will."

"Good," Alicia blew cool air over his thighs. Shivers raced up and down his legs and his knees grew weak. 

Madison let her arms settle on John's hips. "Are you still interested, Alicia?"

"What's good for the goose," Alicia giggled. "I'll be right back."

With a quick motion, Alicia slipped away from the two of them. She threw her coat around her and dashed out the door. 

