 It gave us a real kick to see our story out there for anyone to read, and I am happy to carry on with the tale.

*****

It actually took me over 3 weeks to gear myself up to confronting Fliss with what I had seen in the dunes. And I needed a bottle and a half of wine to give me the last push. So I set up a 'slide show' on the TV of the photos I took at the time. They weren't great but it was clear what was happening, and Fliss recognised the scene immediately. She was totally silent. To break the ice I said ...

"It was the most exciting thing I've seen!"

She then stood, and left the room! I almost panicked at first, wondering what I'd done! It was a real relief when she returned, and slotted a DVD into the player ...

"Ronnie showed me this."

You will need some background here ... Fliss's father died , of a heart attack, when she was 12, and within a year her mother had married her late husband's business partner, Martin. Now her mother doted on Martin, but Fliss never really liked him. I agreed with her, finding him a bit creepy. Anyway, in 2011 Martin also died, a heart attack again. Her mother was really distraught, and we moved back in with her, and to run the business. No problem with space. Their house was a mansion, and housed the office as well.

Ronnie had been Martin's chauffeur, and general 'Man Friday'. He was an ex SAS type, always working-out and keeping his body toned. I knew he had a thing about Fliss, but was also aware that she loathed him! So I had no worries in that department. 

We stayed at 'Mum's' about a year, and just after Ronnie got himself killed on his motorbike we arranged for selling up the business, the house etc, and got Mum into a luxury bungalow in the same seaside town as her two sisters. She is now well-settled, and happy (certainly rich) so far as we can tell.

Anyway, back to the DVD. I watched, with growing amazement as three older blokes fucked a young girl. My jaw dropped a little when I realised that one of the men was Martin! And it dropped even further when I recognised the girl as the daughter of one of the gardeners, and definitely underage!

"Ronnie said he would show it to Mother ... Unless ..."

"Unless??"

"Unless he could fuck me!"

Silence for a while.

"And???"

"I couldn't let Mother see it! It would probably have killed her!"

I had to agree with this. It could have destroyed her mentally at least! After another pause I ventured ...

"So????"

"He fucked me 18 times, usually in his flat, but twice in the woods when I went jogging!"

There was a longer silence after this. Then Fliss got into an unstoppable stride, and the story just spilled out ...

"I planned not to show any response ... Lie back and think of England type of thing ... But he was so big! ... His cock reached further inside than you can ... And it reached this area that was so sensitive! ... Electric shocks ran through me! ... I couldn't help myself! ... I came at least twice every time! ... He was just triumphant of course! ... And on one occasion he took me to London ... To his old haunts ... There were some of his old SAS friends in this pub down the East End ... Eight of them fucked me! ... Nine including Ronnie! ... One of them also had a cock like Ronnie's ... I lost count of how many times I came! ... Some made me fellate them too! ... Mostly I was bent over the pool table with them taking me from the rear! ... It was incredibly exciting!! ... They were firm and dominant! ... Not violent! ... Just determined to get what they wanted! ... No 'love' involved! ... Just animal fucking! ... And I loved it! ... If you really meant you enjoyed seeing other men fuck me you would have loved it too! ... Their semen was running down my legs when I left!"

She was breathless when she finished. And so was I! We were soon on the carpet fucking like rabbits! She told me more details of what they did to her as I banged into her! We both had great climaxes!

We wasted no time in trying to get the next gang bang arranged. We decided to try 'dogging' and got information from the net. Fliss insisted it should be away from home, so 10 days later we were driving slowly along a track in a wooded area about a hundred miles from home. We came to an open area where there were picnic tables and other cars parked. Several men were leaning against cars as we drove up to the trees at the back of the car park. I got out and two men walked over to our car. They looked in and saw Fliss.

"Ev'nin' mate! ... Nice night for it!"

"Mmmm." I nodded

He walked round the car and opened the passenger door. ...

"'Lo there darlin'"

Then he waved his torch, and three other men came over. He turned to Fliss again ...

"'Ow 'bout showin' us yer tits darlin'?"

"Show me your cocks first."

They were quick to respond and my wife was soon looking at 5 pretty stiff ones, which were getting stiffer! That process was speeded up when she undid her blouse and spilled those gorgeous tits out!

"Aww fuck me darlin'! ... Those are just fuckin' ace!"

They virtually lifted her from the car and put her on her knees on the grass. Then there was a bit of a melee as they all tried to ger a feel of her tits, or get their cocks in her mouth! They soon got organised and my wife was then turning round giving them a sucking in turn! Then one called ...

"Get 'er pants off! ... I wanna see 'er twat!"

Her jeans and panties were just pulled off, and she was on all fours with a cock in her mouth and a few fingers in her slit!

"She's fuckin' runnin' 'ere Sid!"

"Well get yer fuckin' cock in there!"

He followed orders, and my wife was put on a spit-roast. As they got their rota system set up, which went ... mouth ... right tit ... cunt ... left tit ... mouth again ... the one called Sid put his hand on my shoulder ...

"She's wearin' a ring mate ... Your missis is it?"

I nodded.

"It's amazin' 'ow many blokes are into it now ... watchin' their wives gettin' cock from other blokes! ... Ev'ry one to 'is own I say| ... We get this bloke 'ere ... Likes us t' spunk on 'er face so 'e can lick it off! ... You inta that? ... Or maybe yer go fer a spunk-filled twat t' get stuck into? ... "

The first option did not appeal at the time, but the second thought made my already rigid cock even harder! I might feel like Stan would have done!

I could have done either this time, because three of them pumped their cream into my wife's quim, and the other two ejaculated onto her face! Fliss loved that! Just like Molly she gaped wide to try and catch their spunk, and sucked their cocks after they had finished! The other three gave her their spent cocks to suck clean as well!

"Thanks a bunch mate! ... Bring this little slag along any fuckin' time yer like! ... Ace fuckin' twat on it! ... An' it's a real spunk bucket!"

We drove out with Fliss using her 'wet wipes' to clean the spunk off her face. Then I turned onto the side, turned off the engine, and dashed round to the passenger side. I opened the door and hauled my wife out, put her face down over the bonnet, and pushed my cock into her spunk-filled hole! About a minute and I was jetting my own load in there! Another fantastic climax! I had to sit in the driving seat, with Fliss sucking my softening cock, for quite a while before I felt able to drive off!

Well my wife's cock count was up to 15 after that little affair. I will tell you how it doubled next time.

Incidentally, Fliss insisted that I shoud not have called her session in the dunes a 'gang bang'. In her words a gang bang requires that all interested cocks should be present. The number of them, four, was OK, but it was really sequential shagging, as only one cock was there at a time! The reason that it is a minimum of four is because there should always be the possibility of one cock having no hole to fill. She calls a two-cock session a threesome, and a three-cock session an 'all-holes job'

I'm not sure what the dictionary definition might be, but they will do for now!