 My husband Bruce and I are very happily married and have what some might consider a rather unusual relationship. It works very well for us and we feel blessed to have one another. We're best friends. We've been married for 20 years, and have no issues with health or finances. The part some find controversial is that Bru is not only allowed to have sexual relationships with other women, but he is encouraged to do so with my support and blessing. I do not have sexual relationships with other men, but sometimes join Bru and his girlfriends for threesomes. 

Bru recently broke up with his last fling, Kelly. She was not expected to last very long. She was young (as they tend to be), but she was also a bit immature and Bru was not feeling stimulated intellectually. He is a man who needs some intellectual stimulation along with the obvious sexual/physical aspects of the relationship in order for him to remain interested in a girl for any length of time. Kelly became a bit clingy and was making noises of becoming exclusive with him (jealousy is a big turn off for Bru), so he gently offered her a parting gift (a very nice diamond tennis bracelet!) and said "thanks for the memories". She handled it poorly, in my opinion...with a lot of crying and begging (only proving our point!) That is one of the risks of having a relationship with one so young, but he likes 'em young...what can I say? So, on to the next hottie!

Bruce is in corporate law and although there are many adorable young girls in his office, we don't play at work as a general rule. It just so happened that the interns were graduating and moving on to the next phase of their careers over the summer when my brilliant husband had a light bulb go off in his head. He was now free to pursue the girl he's coveted for some time!

He's been very attracted to this young law intern named Madison. I've met her and she is very much his type! She's about 5' 8" tall, with long wavy rich dark hair and she has really pretty blue eyes. She is not super thin, but has a nice curvy body...the kind he enjoys. She probably weighs about 130 lbs and has at least 36 C's. As I said, she's hot! We've socialized with the interns over the summer. In fact, we hosted a party for them at our home to celebrate their graduation and to thank them for their contribution to the firm. I was well acquainted with Madison and her considerable charms. The night we invited the group from work to our house, she showed up in a very classy but sexy short black skirt with very high black heels and a fitted purple button down blouse. She looked professional, but hot at the same time. 

On the night of the party, Bru could not take his eyes off of her and we had very hot sex imagining the sultry Madison in bed with us. (Hey, I said we didn't screw the interns...I didn't say we didn't fantasize about it!) That night in bed with me Bru kept imagining what type of lingerie she wore under her somewhat conservative clothing. He got really hard as I described those beautiful breasts encased in a pretty French lace demi-cup. I was very turned on when he wondered aloud what he would find when he gently pulled her silky panties down....would she be waxed and bare or would there be a tiny landing stip there for him to explore with his tongue? OMG! My head was spinning with the thought of my husband taking this stunning young beauty in various hot, sweaty sexual positions. I came so hard as he descibed his desire to lick her pussy and make her cum all over his face. Her body is something out of this word...truly!

Now that she had been hired by another law firm, Bru felt it was safe to ask her for a date. I was very excited about the prospect of Bru asking her out. We thought about it for a while and we discussed it in detail, both in bed and out of bed with clear heads. In fact, I was considering asking him not to do it because she was a bit more dangerous than Kelly, the less accomplished waitress from a totally different lifestyle. But, I admit, the danger turned me on a lot. I approved the date and Bru was very happy. As some of you know, the first date is with both of us to discuss the rules of our open marriage and the new relationships that are forming. It clears up issues that might cause confusion later. 

When Bruce called Madison two weeks after she left his firm, she sounded thrilled to hear from him. He invited her to our home for dinner and told her a bit about why we wanted to meet with her. She was more than open the idea and readily agreed. There had been a mutual attraction between them for two years and they had both been fighting it. Bru did not want to involve himself in any potential law suit or difficult situation at work, despite his desire for this beautiful young thing. Now she was totally safe and had given him a green light. He told her about our unusual marital arrangement and she, honestly, said that she had hoped he would ask her out before she even knew about our open marriage.

The night she arrived at our house for the "date", she was not dressed conservatively at all. This more mature (compared to his last girlfriend) 24 year old woman looked like every man's dream! She was wearing a mini skirt again, but this time she had on a bustier, patterned thigh high stockings held up with garter belts and very sexy shoes that definitely said f*&^ me! This girl was not being shy about letting my husband know that she wanted him. I immediately wondered if she'd worn panties, but I didn't have to wait long to find out. 

Having given the cook the night off, I had prepared the entire meal myself. "Carina, darling, you truly outdid yourself this evening," said my attentive and loving husband as the three of us entered the living room to enjoy some after-dinner drinks. He held my hand as we entered the room, but Bru sat on the couch with Madison and stroked her leg. During this discussion, he told her that we were very definitely married and would stay that way no matter what. He told her that he would never consider a relationship with a girl who didn't respect his marriage and that his relationship with me always came first. He also told her that, if things worked out between the two of them, she could expect to be treated very well and that she would never be disrespected. 

I encouraged Madison to ask questions and to offer thoughts and opinions. I was also able to tell Madison my concerns about the two of them having a relationship and we all clearly expressed what we hoped to get out of the relationship. I honestly told Madison that, not only did I get very turned on by sharing my husband, but I also advised her that I was bisexual and loved being with women, in case that interested her at all. She said that she'd been with a few girls, but never had a threesome. Happily, she was very open to exploring this with us! We agreed that it was best to begin right away, since we were all very much ready to go. 

In all honesty, Bru would have been very disappointed if he had not been able to have sex with Madison that night. He had been dreaming of this night for a very long time and now that it was possible, he really wanted it to happen. I wanted to respect her wishes and asked if they wanted me to leave for the night. She asked if I could stay because she felt it would be fun for us all to try a threesome right away. Apparently she was very attracted to me as well! 

Bruce very much approved of the mutual attraction between Madison and myself and, as it turns out, the three of us went to our bedroom and had the most mind blowing sex you can imagine! We didn't sleep much that night. This girl was perfect and I couldn't get enough of her. I really wanted to give Bru the chance to be alone with her, but she wouldn't hear of it! In fact, after he undressed her and kissed her, she turned to me and we made love for several hours while he just watched. He loved it and it turned him on more than anything ever has.

With the three of us in a relationship, it is even better than it has been in the past. There is no awkwardness and no jealousy at all. Bru is in heaven and just loves that "his girls" get along so well. There are times when Madison and I go off and leave Bru to go shopping or do girl stuff, but mostly it's the three of us. I am head over heels in lust with this girl and have never been happier! Bru and I have our time alone and so do the two of them. I wouldn't mind if she moved in with us in the near future. 

Bru and I are truly enjoying spoiling Madison with all the finer things life has to offer. In fact, we're planning a trip to the Greek Islands in a few months. This is exciting. For now, all of our friends just think that Maddie is my new BFF and that she and Bru have gotten close because she's always around.

We're trying to take things one day at a time, but this is very exciting to all of us. I find that we're all falling in love. Could it be NRE (new relationship energy)? Of course. But I think it's for real. Time will tell. She's a keeper, that's for sure. We each used to have one best friend and now we have two!

*I may add more, if there is any interest in this story. There is a bit more, but I wasn't sure if I should add it. : )