 We both loved the photo of Daria in a white dress and boots, walking along a river bank with flowers in her hand. It was a black and white photo, or maybe sepia-toned, and she was looking down, not directly at the camera like a posed photo. It was as sexy as hell. She said she was sex positive and unlike the majority of write-ups on this particular dating site, wasn't looking for a long-term romance. I was new to online dating, especially as a couple, so I hovered over Maestro's shoulder as he texted her, unsure how to flirt with a woman but excited at the prospect of playing .

Before we met, Maestro had some experience with threesomes and playing with couples, but my only experience was an uncomfortable drunken make-out session with two guys that turned me off of threesomes. My ex and I once played with a beautiful black woman with pierced nipples at a bar. We kissed her, sucked her nipples and stroked her large soft breasts together, which was the most erotic experience I'd had with a woman.

When Maestro broached the idea of playing with other couples and other women, I was hesitant but definitely curious. "We can start out slowly, whatever makes you comfortable. I know you love being watched, Marie. Remember the sex club? You were so turned on by having Emma watch us, having her whisper in your ear and stroke your hair while I fucked you. And this was after I fucked you for hours on the communal bed! Remember that night, baby? Mmmmm, remember fingering your pussy in the car ride home? You couldn't wait for me. But you were so horny and your pussy was so beautiful, just dripping wet with cum when we got home I thought my cock was going to destroy it. You were insatiable, Marie, you kept begging for more and more I had to fuck your ass just to give you a break."

"Oh Maestro, darling, I will never forget that night. That was the night I knew for sure that I'm an exhibitionist! I loved looking around and seeing other people watch while you licked my pussy. And having other couples fuck right next to us. There's something so erotic about having an orgasm at the same time as someone else ... holding their hands and looking into their eyes at the moment you cum. It was such a beautiful, exquisite experience to share with a stranger. I'm actually getting a bit horny just thinking about it!"

"Well let's have that experience again, but this time at home. With someone who isn't a total stranger ... how does that sound, Marie?" Maestro probed, his fingers teasingly running up and down my inner thigh. "We can find a woman to watch us. And I have always fantasized about fucking you and licking another woman's pussy at the same time. And then I can make you both cum together. That's my fantasy, Marie."

"You are way too convincing when you want to be, Maestro! And absolutely devilish too," I laughed, pushing his hand further up my leg. "But I'm just not into pussy. I've never gone, you know, south of the equator. It's just not my thing. I've only ever had drunken make-out sessions with women, I don't think I'm that attracted to them, you know, sexually."

"Well, you don't have to ... you don't have to do anything that makes you uncomfortable. All we're going to do now is text the women we match with, and see where things go from there. That's it. Just give yourself the opportunity and see what happens from there. Sound OK?'

"Makes sense. I'll give it a try. And I trust you Maestro." We arranged to meet Daria at our place on a weeknight. I was a bit anxious that day - cleaning the condo, making sure we had enough snacks, arranging towels.

"She's not coming here to inspect the place, Marie," Maestro laughed. "Just relax. She has to work tomorrow too. We'll have a drink and chat for a bit, and go from there. She'll probably want to leave by 10:00 or 11:00."

Daria arrived wearing a distressed turquoise leather jacket, looking perfectly casual yet chic. As we settled around the kitchen bar, I immediately felt a connection. We're around the same age, so we talked about finding ourselves after ending long relationships. Finding freedom to express ourselves sexually, and letting go of all those heavy expectations on women of a certain age. And sexual adventure with a younger lover!

"I started seeing Rick last year," Daria smiled, pushing her curly hair out of her face. "Oh my God, Marie, the sex is amazing. There's such intimacy between us. But I don't want a relationship with him. And he gets it - he understands my need for freedom and he knows that I want to play with other people. Especially couples."

"I was totally surprised by the instant chemistry with Maestro, too," I confided. "I mean, we'd worked together for years so we know each other well. But not in bed! I just love that we have each other to explore our sexual fantasies together ... and trust each other enough to be honest about our fantasies." I took her by the hand. "I want to show you some of these photos, Daria. Let us know what you think. Maestro is such a gifted shibari artist and I love getting tied up." She paused in front of one photo, the one with knots down my spine with a heart at the top.

"That's so inventive. And beautiful. Rick is a shibari artist too, Maestro, just like you! It's so crazy meeting another rope bunny, Marie. It's a very sensual art isn't it? People think it's about bondage, but it's not at all."

"Totally! It's about liberation for me. Freedom to push on those boundaries with Maestro and create something beautiful together," I agreed. "Plus it just makes sex even more intimate and passionate ... if that's possible. After yesterday's rope tying session, we fucked for 5 hours!"

"Seriously? You guys are machines!" Daria laughed. "I don't know if I have that kind of stamina."

"Mmmm, well Daria, why don't we continue this conversation in the bedroom. There's more photos in there. The ones just for us and the people in our bed," Maestro offered. I turned back to him as he wrapped his arms around my waist. His hard cock bulging from his jeans pressed against my back. "I want you to seduce her, Marie. I'm desperate to fuck you now and have her watch," he growled in my ear, then grabbed my ass and pushed me forward.

I flipped my dress over my head as I walked through the door and sat on the edge of the bed in my blue lace bra and panties. "Why don't you sit over here, Daria?" I smiled, patting the corner of the bed next to me. "All this talk about ropes and sex is making me horny."

"Wow. OK. I'll just watch you guys." She curled up next to me, still fully clothed. Maestro had his shirt and jeans off in an instant, then stood in front of me so I could slowly massage his massive cock and peel his shorts off. "Oh my, Marie ... you are a lucky girl!" Daria reached over to caress my shoulder as she admired Maestro's fully hard cock. "Are you OK if I touch you like this ... just stroke you?"

I shivered, not sure if I was more aroused at the sight of Maestro's cock or the feel of Daria's fingertips roaming down my arm. "Yes, please ... oh please ... you can keep touching me." I saw Maestro's wicked grin cross his face as he snapped my bra off and gently pushed me back on to the bed. His hands slipped between my legs and began kneading my clit on top of my panties, while he pushed his legs between mine, forcing them apart with his knees so my left leg rested across Daria's legs. Her hands crept up my leg, her eyes meeting mine as she smiled.

"Oh Marie, your skin is so soft, so beautiful ... isn't it Maestro?" Her fingers now flirted along my inner thigh, rubbing along the seam of my panties. I squirmed and jerked my leg instinctively toward her, as Maestro continued to squeeze my clit. The sensation of her delicate caresses and Maestro's firm insistent squeezing was an unimaginable tease.

"It's one of the things I love about her, Daria, but can't you see how aroused she is? Why don't you help me take her panties off ... I want to show you one of the prettiest pussies I've ever seen." He slid beside me and pressed me against Daria so we were facing each other. In an instant, her lips met mine and I experienced one of the most passionate kisses from a woman ... from anyone I'd ever experienced. Oh, Daria knew how to kiss! I pulled her head toward me, wrapping my fingers in her curly hair. Maestro's hands reached around me, teasing my nipples before slipping down to my hips. He grabbed Daria's hands, as I felt four hands pulling my panties off. "Right here, Daria, right along her clit - feel how soft her skin is here - and here." She obeyed his request immediately, her hands now joining his in teasing my swollen clit and pussy.

"Oooohhhhh fuck, oooohhhh Daria, Maestro. Please don't stop, oh god oh god, my clit!" I couldn't stop moaning, pressing my hips against her hands as Maestro rubbed his cock lasciviously against my ass, his hands pulling my pussy lips apart like he was presenting my pussy to her. Like his prized toy he wanted to share with a new friend.

"Like this, Marie? And this? I'm not too experienced playing with a woman, so show me how to touch you. Show me how to make you cum." Daria gently ran her fingers up and down the length of my clit, squeezing and pulling, before pressing down hard and massaging it, her fingers inching closer to my dripping wet pussy. I kissed her deeper, trembling as she kneaded my clit harder and harder.

"Mmmm baby, yes yes yes, Daria just like that please! Please more! Right there, oh right there, oh you know how to tease me." My voice caught in my throat as she brought me closer and closer to cumming, just from playing with my clit. Maestro continued to press his cock against my asshole, with two fingers on either hand diving into my pussy, finger fucking me and stretching my swollen pussy. His tender kisses on the back of my neck and earlobes turned harder, biting me just as his fingers held my pussy open for Daria. I threw my head back against his chest, as Daria leaned forward to kiss Maestro. I was sandwiched between two amazingly beautiful lovers, each dedicated to exploring my pussy and making me cum.

"Daria, look at Marie's beautiful pussy. See how open and wet she is for us? I want you to fuck her now with your fingers. Just like this ... and this. Haha - oh you know when you have the right spot when you see her squirm and moan like that! And I'm going to fuck her ass. Just the way she likes it when she's so wet. Right, Marie?"

"Oh god, oh god, yes yes YES! Please fill my ass, Maestro!" Their timing was amazing. Daria's fingers dipped in and out of my overflowing pussy as Maestro pushed just the head of his enormous cock in my ass. He waited momentarily, just long enough for me to catch my breath and my sphincter to relax. "You're so huge Maestro, oh fuck fuck fuck you're stretching my ass wide open." I exhaled slowly, deeply, trying to relax enough for him to impale my ass. Just then I felt two delicate fingers circling my asshole.

"How's this Marie? Let me lube up your asshole with some of your pussy juice. I want to see Maestro fuck your ass ... I want to see your ass filled with his cock and your pussy filled with my fingers. Oh Marie, Marie I want you to cum so hard. I want to feel your orgasms with my fingers deep in your pussy. Oh fuck this is so amazing and you're both so beautiful ... I want to make you cum Marie!" Daria's insistent fingers helped Maestro slide inch by inch into my relaxed ass. Her fingers danced along my asshole, then pressed hard from my pussy up to my clit and back again - like a route she was tracing to preserve into her memory. 

Maestro's cock was relentless, tearing through my ass with force; then slowing down and easing out of me so slowly I jerked back and forth against him, begging for his cock again. My asshole popped audibly as he pulled out completely, before filling me again in one thrust. I grabbed Daria's hips and buried my head against her, burying my screams against her soft cotton shirt. Her nipples poked out against my cheek; her legs wrapped around my hips; her fingers now kneading and massaging Maestro's cock from within the depths of my pussy. I was completely at their mercy as a massive orgasm stirred deep inside, like the early stages of an erupting volcano ... the final release was imminent. 

"Oh my god Maestro, I can feel Marie's pussy squeezing my fingers ... oh fuck she's squeezing so hard, she's almost forcing my fingers out of her!" 

"See Daria? You've got the right spot - oh yes I know Marie. Don't I, baby? I know when you're going to cum. I know how to make you cum hard, don't I?" Maestro cooed in my ear, his gentle voice in contrast to his cock battering my ass. As Daria slid her thumb up to rub my clit, I jerked back against Maestro, feeling his balls pressing against me. "Oh Marie, Marie you ass is so loose now, it's just pulling my cock back inside me. There's no resistance at all now, your ass will never be the same again, not when I'm finished with you."

"Aaaaaahhhhhh, oooohhh fuck fuck fuuuuucckkk ...ooohhhhh more more don't stop Daria, don't stop Maestro I'm going to cuuuummmm! I gripped Daria's thigh, Maestro's arm - anything anyone to steady me as a massive orgasm ripped through my gaping pussy and ass. I rocked back and forth against both of them unaware whose fingers and lips forced me to cum again and again and again. I felt Maestro explode and fill my ass with his cum as his final thrust pushed me into Daria's arms. 

"Oh fuck that was so hot you guys. I've never seen a woman cum like that before ... I've never felt a woman cum with my fingers in her pussy," Daria panted as she licked her pussy-drenched fingers. "Maestro, here ... have a taste." She offered her fingers up to Maestro's mouth, wanting to share with him.

"Mmmm Daria I love Marie's cum ... oh so tasty. So fruity, right? I know how sweet she tastes. Right, Marie? You know how much I love licking your cum drenched pussy. But we need to help our guest now! Look at Daria, she worked so hard to make you cum, what are you going to do to thank her, Marie?" Maestro held me, whispering in my ear so sweetly, while pulling my hair harder and harder so my head rested just under his chin. "What do you do to say thank-you to our friends, Marie? Do I need to teach you a lesson in how to be polite to our guests? Do I, Marie?"

"No, Maestro. I'll be good ... I know how to make Daria happy. Please just let me show her. Please Maestro!" Daria continued to press her hips against mine, rocking back and forth gently.

"Wow all this talk is making me even hotter! Do you like it when he orders you around, Marie?"

"Mmm yes, oh yes I do ... I told him he owns my pussy. And he owns my ass now too. I just like being his little fuck toy sometimes. So he tells me how he's going to play with me ... and with whom I get to play ... and right now I'd like to play with you. Is that OK with you, Daria?"

"Oh fuck yes. Please! I'm so horny now my jeans are sticking to me," Daria laughed.

"Let me help you with those, then ... and let's get rid of this shirt too!" Maestro emerged out of the bathroom and pushed Daria back on to the bed. "Marie and I are going to thank you now ..." With his dexterous fingers, he snapped her bra off in a second, followed by her pants and underwear. She instinctively covered her smooth and shaved pussy with her hand, before Maestro pushed it away and spread her legs. "Come over here, Marie and take a look at her beautiful pussy. Looks like yours baby, so sweet and pink. See here ... oh baby her asshole looks like yours too. Or at least what yours used to look like, before tonight! Now anyone who looks at your asshole will know you love anal - you'll never be really tight again! Now let's play!"

I curled up next to Daria again, squeezing her soft breasts, then pinching her hard nipples between my thumb and forefinger. Pulling and twisting, she urged me on, begging me to suck on her nipples. "Oh shit Marie that's so good ... oooooohhhh god please suck on them. Fuck yes, I love having my nipples licked and sucked and squeezed hard! Aaaagghhhh ... Maestrooooo oh fuck fuck my clit oh god oh fuck ... don't stop ..." 

Daria screamed, her petite fit body jerking up off the bed as Maestro worked his magic on her. I looked down to see him sucking on her clit, his tongue licking her in slow circles, around and around, before pressing hard to dip his tongue in her pussy. Then back again, teasing and pulling her clit until it popped out - a pink hardened jewel emerging from her lips. 

"Oh fuck Marie, he's good. Ooohhh god he knows how to lick a pussy!"

"Mmmm Daria, Maestro loves pussy. Loves it - he'd rather lick a pussy than have his cock sucked. Seriously, he's an absolute pussy connoisseur! And he's giving me lessons in pussy licking too ..." And with that, I slowly slid down her sleek muscled body, leaving a trail of kisses from her breasts to her stomach, before joining Maestro between her legs. "Let me show you what he's taught me, Daria."

"Marie ... are you going to tease Daria now? Let me watch, baby. Let me make sure you practice well on her." Maestro shifted slightly to his right so we both kneeled between her. Maestro dipped two fingers into her pussy, spreading and twisting them around and around, while I pressed my tongue against her clit, back and forth over the head, then circling and pulling on her. Just as Maestro taught me.

Daria screamed, throwing her head back against the pillows while grabbing and pinching her nipples. "Fuuuuucccckkkkk don't stop you guys! Oh my fucking god oh this is sooooooo good so fucking ... aaaaeeeehhhhhhh!" 

"Marie, darling, your fingers - push your fingers inside her pussy just like this, alongside mine," Maestro took my hand, and while still sucking on her clit, pushed two of my fingers inside her swollen pussy. Our fingers intertwined inside her wet pussy, we felt her orgasms hit hard and fast. "Oh fuck Daria, just like that? And that?" Maestro curled our fingers against her g-spot and pressed hard, pulsing in time with her hips as I felt a flood of her pussy juice dripping down our fingers to our wrists. "Oh yes yes yes Daria ... is that a good cum for you?"

"Oooohhh aaaagggghhh ... yesss Maestro! Oh fuck Marie please I'm cumming so hard," Daria gripped my arm as I cradled her, feeling her entire body shake and quiver as waves of orgasms washed over her. Maestro and I eased our fingers from her pussy as she curled up against my breast, both of us completely spent from multiple, rolling orgasms. Courtesy of each other, and Maestro's magic. "Oh fuck that was amazing. I don't know if I can move my legs are like jelly!" 

Maestro kissed her on the cheek, and the three of us curled up against each other, like three interlocking spoons. "Well Daria, we've got a king-sized bed. Big enough for all of us. You don't have to go anywhere."

"Yeah? I didn't think I'd end up spending the night here," Daria laughed. 

"Well I hope you do, and not just tonight! Maestro has an insatiable appetite in the morning. So I could use your help tomorrow," I insisted. "Tonight was just the start ..."