 I have been asked by one of my friends on Lite to share a few more experiences from my wilder young days, in particular relating to a holiday abroad (Magaluf.)

I was 21 at the time, just about to turn 22, and was having a fortnight summers hols in Magaulf with several of my then girlfriends. We were a close bunch, always going out together and yes often having fun with guys as a a result.

My two best friends were Tracey and Sandra, both the same age, and if anything even more promiscuous and 'game for a laugh' than me.

During this holiday fortnight I was to have over 17 different cocks, and in one day I had sex with 8 different guys. 

It is this I want to confess/share with you all.

The fortnight started steady with all of us pulling guys on the first proper night there. I paired off with a welsh lad, think his name was Ross if memory serves me right.

He was cock number 1 for me and I stayed over at his apartment for the night. We had what I would describe as usual sex. He fucked me in a variety of positions and I sucked him off both prior to him fucking me and also on him cumming. 

He spunked quite a decent load into my mouth the first shag we had, me wanking and licking on his cock as he came off.

Then on the second go he came up my fanny after we had a long hard fuck with me standing against the bedside table in his apartment. his cock was I would guess average in length about six and a half inches long, decently thick but not much else.

The second guy I had fun with was the next day during the daytime. I was lounging by the pool in the mid afternoon when one of the waiters at the poolside bar got chatting to me and it was obvious he was flirting with me and I was responding to this. The other girls were either all recovering from the night before or those who had made it were lounging with me.

It didn't take long for the young lad to make it clear he fancied me and the compliments on my figure (which in those days was decent: even if I do say so myself,) were flowing.

I was game for it as I fancied him, he was tall, dark and very good looking with those lovely tight trousers that showed off his bulges and bum to perfection.

After some flirting I made my way back to my room, giving him a wink and a wiggle of my arse as I passed him and nodding for him to follow. Sure enough he took the bait and within minutes we were in my room, tongues lashing at each other and his hands groping my tits and feeling my legs up.

I was getting very wet form all this and he could sense my anticipation. I dropped to my knees, still wearing my two piece bikini and my mule style sandals.

I released his cock to give it a good sucking and I wasn't disappointed!

He was a big boy, easily 8 inches in length and very thick.

I suckled and slobbered over his massive prick like a good girl and within minutes he was rock solid. He then fucked me, standing up to start with, easing my bikini bottoms to one side to slip his huge tool up my aching, wet cunt hole.

We fucked for a while in this position and then I undressed fully. He did like wise from his waist down, leaving his tight white t-shirt on, and soon we were fucking like rabbits on my bed. 

He finished off by taking me on all fours, slapping my arse as he rode me hard. His massive cock nudging ever further up me and thrusting his massive tool inside me deeply. He came like this emptying his balls up my fanny as I climaxed on his thrusts.

He was cock number 2 of my holidays and I would later have him again in the fortnight.

Cocks 3 and 4 came, so to speak, together.

They were my first 3 some of the holiday and I met them later the same night after having fucked with the young waiter.

I got off with a young lad from Brighton in one of the bars and for the rest of he evening we all spent the evening together, his mates and us group of girls.

By the end of the evening we had all paired off with them and I went back to one of the lads hotel rooms. When I got inside I found one of his mates, who hadn't gotten off with anyone was also there too.

I was game for it and so I made it clear to them that I was game for a threesome. We had a good hard fucking session that night. I had worn a black mini dress out and matching black panties and bra with wedge heels.

By the end of the session my dress was lying in a heap on the floor, my knickers around one of my heels, with my wedge shoes still on. My face and hair ended up heavily spunk stained and I had climaxed at least three times. They both took turns fucking me doggy style as I sucked the other off. After swapping around three or four times it culminated in me getting a face full of spunk from the lad with the smaller of the two cocks as his mate fucked me furiously from behind. He shot his muck everywhere, splashing my hair and face with his creamy, white goo.

His mate shot off up my cunt as I bucked back urging him to, "Fuck me hard," and, "shag my cunt."

I would have guessed the sizes of their dicks to be six inches for the smaller of the two and maybe seven for the larger.

That was my first three way of the holiday but not my last. 

My mate Sandra beat me in numbers of threesomes that fortnight though, she had four threesomes to my two.

I didn't stay the night with the guys, I left in the wee hours and headed back to my apartment to rest. My hair and face matted with spunk as I slipped back to my apartment, I must have looked some state.

Number 5 was the next day, again during the daytime as me and my friends spent the day at a local beach. he was a young German lad who chatted me up, bought me a drink or two and we ended up fucking alfresco, behind some sheds beside the beach. It was a quickie with not much to right home about, except getting sand in every crevice! He was again average sized, about six inches.

That night we again headed out to some of the clubs and bars and I paired off with a very young lad, he was younger than me at 18. He was to be number 6.

I had taken pity on him to be honest. He and his friends had tried chatting us up with little or no success. He was what I guess you could describe as 'nerdy'type, thin, tall and blonde with glasses, not my usual type at all, and in those days I was heavily into the more mature man.

My friends had been teasing the group of them, getting them to buy them drinks when they had no intentions of getting of with them. I thought this a bit cruel and so on leaving the club I decided to do the decent thing and copped off with this young lad, Graham.

The rest of my group headed off to go to another club but I went off with Graham and his friends. We had one more drink in another bar together and then Graham plucked up the courage to ask me back to his apartment. He was chuffed to bits when I agreed.

We left the rest of his group and headed off together. Once in his room we got a little drink and he was very nervous. I made it clear that i was offering myself to him and began teasing him and slowly started to kiss him. He was quite inexperienced but assured me he wasn't a virgin.

I had dressed as usual in a shortish min dress, my wedge heels and a matching set of undies to go with my red dress.

Graham began to fumble his way about, feeling my titties up and kissing my neck etc. I suggested we get comfy on his bed and stood and slipped my dress off,leaving me in just my panties, bra and heels.

I thought his eyes were going to pop out!

We lay on his bed and as we cuddled and snogged I slowly undressed him. He was a very tall, at least 6 foot 4 in height, but thin with little muscle evident.

Once I got him down to his underpants I was in for a shock!

His cock was straining against his Y-front briefs and the size of the bulge was absolutely massive!

I gulped at the sight and my cunt was now getting very wet indeed. He had his hand in my panties fumbling about with my cunt lips and my clit.

I wanted to see this fucking monster cock!

I slid down the bed and lowered his briefs off. this left him naked. His cock sprang out off his briefs showing a monster of a cock.

It was at least eight and a half inches long, not thick but jesus it was long. as I slipped my panties and bra off, I watched his cock twitching as he lay on the bed. His erection seemed to go way past his belly button!

I slowly began to lick up his inner thigh, his prick twitching as I did so. I then began to lick the length of it with my tongue. It took me fucking ages to reach the top.

I was literally gagging for it.

"Fucking hell," I said."Your cock is fucking massive."

"is it?" He replied.

"Jesus yes," I told him. "Have your girlfriends not told you that before?"

He then told me had only had sex once before with a girlfriend of his from school.

Lucky her I thought to myself, if she was broken in by this beast then she was going to be somewhat spoilt and disappointed in the future!

I continued licking and sucking on his huge, throbbing dick until I wanted him in me. I could scarcely get half of it in my mouth, so I contented myself to lap and lick at it in between trying to get this beast of a tool in my mouth. 

My cunt was literally dripping with anticipation. I decided I would play it safe and get on top!

I lowered myself down onto his cock, slowly guiding it up me as I wriggled down onto him ... fucking hell!! 

It filled me up and I was only about two thirds of the way down it. It felt as though he would nudge against my womb he was that long and thin. I slowly began to hump up and down on him as he suckled on my tits.

My first cum was intense and I literally flooded his cock with my juices. He began to thrust back at me in time with my movements and within minutes he was shooting off up me.

I was a little disappointed, but needn't have worried. He had finished spunking up me, his thick, creamy cum oozing out of me and spilling onto his balls, as he slipped out of me.

We cuddled on the bed and as we did so I noticed his cock twitching and growing again.

After a few minutes he was ready again!

On asking him he said he could normally spunk twice, pretty quickly, when having a wank. I was made up!

This time I was more adventurous.

I wanted my cunt full of it this time so I positioned myself on all fours, my body naked except my high heeled wedge shoes and told him in no uncertain terms to, "Fuck the hell out of me."

He obliged!

He pumped and banged away for ages and I came of on his massive prick twice as he rode me. His bed slamming against the wall of his room, he was fucking the hell out of me alright. I had to urge him on too, as I was so turned on.

"Slap my arse," I screamed at him.

"Pull my fucking hair," I demanded, as he pounded me doggy-style.

I was like a bitch on heat and was flooding my cunny juice everywhere. He spunked up all over my arse and back this time, coating me in his cream as he spunked all over me.

I was like the cat with the cream again when I saw Tracey and the others telling them what he was like.

Sandra was so jealous she searched for him the next night and ended up getting fucked doggy-style by him and his friend in her room that night.

She described it in detail for me on the beach the next day, saying she thought he was going to, "Shove his cock right up through her throat," he felt that long. He was a lovely lad and Christ what a cock!

I will add part two later.

My tally so far was 6 guys...

and by my calculation:forty one and a half inches of cock

and eight loads of spunk...

The next part will include my day with eight different guys, my second time with the young waiter and my last cocks of the holiday x x x