 They tried to get their friends to come, but no one could get the time off in September. Everyone else had reluctantly resigned themselves to the responsibilities of their lives while the summer weather persisted. They packed the car feeling like they knew something important that no one else did, like they had backstage passes to a big show.

It took all morning to pack the windsurfing gear and the bicycles. The roof racks looked unsafe with the boards and bike frames stacked side-by-side. Luke tied the racks themselves to the roof of the small hatchback and had to slouch slightly in the driver's seat to keep the webbing from rubbing his neck. Mia put the last of the totes of food and clothes into the back and climbed in beside him. She lowered her sunglasses so he could see her eyes, and smiled. He reached across and pinched her knee, making her jump and slap his hand away. It was four hours to the ferry and a five-hour passage to the Magdalen Islands, so they got comfortable with some upbeat music and rolled the windows down. 

They rented a tiny cottage in the La Grave area, south of the main town on the island. It was very late when they arrived and the sun was just setting, so they decided to leave the unpacking until morning. The sun disappeared into the haze of the St. Lawrence seaway as they cracked a beer and sat out on the deck. In the darkness, it became too cold for a t-shirt and shorts, the warmth of the day drawn out by the sea. She crawled into a lounger and got him to bring a blanket from inside and join her. 

"We're not both going to fit," he said.

"If we get close enough we will," she said, rustling the blanket to cover her bare legs.

She opened the blanket to him, welcoming his warm body. He sidled in next to her as the chair creaked and settled. Mia was a tall woman with an athletic body, so it was tight as he crammed his own fit body in beside her. She threw the blanket over both of them and nuzzled into his chest. He could see her breasts pressed together under the collar of her t-shirt, a full cleavage making her c-cups look much bigger than they were. 

"What are you looking at?" she said with a smile.

"Nothing," he said, pressing his shorts into her thigh.

Mia could feel him growing against her bare skin and laughed.

"What's going on here?" she said.

"Nothing," he said.

"Then why do I suddenly feel something against my leg?"

He smiled and she could see that he was staring past her eyes, focused on the roundness and freckles of her tanned skin. She leaned up and kissed him, her tongue finding its way through his lips, betraying her willingness. Her hand slid down into his shorts and caressed his balls, tracing his inner thighs.

"I've never met a man as visually stimulated as you," she said between kisses. "It really doesn't take much."

"It just takes the right thing," he said.

"Oh yeah?" she said. "Like what?"

"You know what I like," he said.

"My new bikini top?" 

"Yes."

She could feel his cock pressing against the fabric and ran her hands casually up its length. 

"On the beach?"

"Yes."

"Where they can see me? Where they can stare? Do you like what they see?"

Luke didn't respond and instead closed his eyes. 

"What do you want me to do? I think I might take off my top and see what they do."

Luke's breathing became heavy and she felt a spot of wetness on his shorts where the head was throbbing. She rubbed the wet spot with her thumb and unfastened him until he was out and touching her leg. He thrusted slowly towards her and felt the soft skin of her thigh, her hot breath on his neck.

"They're definitely looking at me now, one in particular" she said. "Are you watching me?"

"Yes."

"Good. What should I do now? It looks like he's hard too. Should I maybe give him a hand?"

She pushed the blanket back so he could see her gently stroking his cock. 

"Like this?"

His eyes darted from her round tits to her hand moving rhythmically, dancing up and down. 

"Are you watching? Watching me stroke him? Watching my tits? Watching them bounce as I stroke his dick?"

He imagined it all, her beautiful body kneeling in the sand, her hands pumping a hard cock as he watched. He felt himself building as she circled his precum around the tip and stroked softly.

"Where do you want him to cum? In my mouth? On my tits?"

At this thought, he felt himself thrust harder into her hands and she began stroking faster, gripping him tighter. 

"Watch him cum, watch me stroke it out."

He looked at her tits jumping under her shirt, the round tops pushed up against him, and felt the release. She giggled at the amount of cum as she continued to stroke him more slowly to finish. 

"Well then," she said. "I'll have to use that little story again sometime."

He responded with a sigh before they heaved themselves out of the chair and into the bathroom. She peeled off her wet shirt and unclipped her bra. In another moment, she was standing naked in front of him, turning on the shower. 

"God, I'm so wet," she said, running her hands between her legs. "That really turned me on."

Luke grabbed her by the hips and pushed her up onto the bathroom counter. She spread her legs and pushed down on the counter-top, raising her shoulders and her perky tits. Mia looked up at him, her curly red hair pressed against the wall behind her. 

He kneeled in front of her and she slid her bottom forward, hooking one of her heels on the sink. The bathroom steamed up around them as he kissed and nibbled her thighs in turn. She felt his tongue lightly tracing the outline of her underwear, licking up the sides of her swollen labia. Even though she knew it was coming, the feeling of his tongue parting her vulva from top to bottom made her convulse. He stopped at her clit and flicked it lightly, swirling her wetness around her tip.

Mia cupped her breast and lightly squeezed her nipple. She could smell the semen still wet on her hand and thoughts began racing through her mind. The thought of being watched, by Luke, by strangers, of being wanted, of being lusted after. The thought of someone finding her so tempting that they would touch themselves. He was gentle and light until she pulled at the back of his head.

"Suck on me," she said.

With her clit between his lips, he pressed his mouth into her and toyed her in every direction. He knew the spot she needed, but only touched it in passing until he was sure her orgasm was building. Mia imagined herself being taken by a man who could no longer control himself. When he felt she was ready, he tongued her in the spot until she bucked and moaned and called his name. 

She laid crumpled against the wall, still quivering from her orgasm as he stood and wiped her juices from his face.

*

After a couple of windless days riding their bicycles around, they decided to spend a day at the beach, relaxing and lying in the sun. It was maybe the best day of the vacation, with books and music and a big umbrella from the cottage. It was still hot and the water perfectly swimmable. 

Mia was warm from the sun and decided to go in for a dip. Luke stayed on the deserted beach and watched her take off her shirt and hat, drop her sunglasses beside him. As she waded out, Luke noticed a small sailboat approach the beach. It dropped anchor in the shallows just as she ducked under the water. As she bobbed around, he noticed the man on the boat. He was a bit older, grey running through his curly hair, topless in tight swimming trunks. He stood on the prow of the ship and looked over the beach before grabbing a drybag and jumping in. Mia treaded water as he swam by, giving her a smile, the corners of his eyes tightening his dark skin. He was handsome in that mediterranean way where men never seem to age, but simply get better looking. He swam on his back and continued to look at her as he kicked his way ashore. Mia stared too.

Luke saw him come out of the water and pass with a wave and nod. He walked by and up to the road, obviously on his way to La Grave's shops. Eventually Mia came in and shook cold water all over him. She jumped down on him and covered him with salty kisses. Luke felt her body cold and tight in her bathing suit and wanted to take it off right then and there. He grabbed her bum and held it, squeezing water out of her bikini bottoms as she pressed herself against him. 

"We should go back," she said, with a look in her eyes. 

While washing the beach from their bodies they made love in the shower, soaping themselves and sliding their bodies around each other. Lying on the bed, the sun oozed out of their skin. After days of making their own dinners, they decided to splurge and eat at Cafe de la Grave, a cheerful restaurant known for its character and live music. 

While they dressed, Mia commented on the man on the sailboat. "Did you see him?" 

"I did."

She laughed, making a sound like he exhausted her just by looking at him.

"I don't know what it is about sexy older men," she said.

Luke laughed too as he watched her slip into her bra and pull on her jeans tight on her long legs. She looked beautiful, her hair up, messy and curly from the ocean. They walked to the cafe holding hands and laughing about the day.

When they arrived, it was busy and there was only one table along a bench against the back wall. The young lady who owned the place was playing accordion and Mia caught Luke staring at her. She wasn't beautiful, but there was something about her and Mia stared a bit, too. 

An old man was playing piano and the music was wonderful, folky but fun. As they worked through the crowd, Mia noticed right away that the man from the sailboat was at the table right beside theirs. He was still wearing his black trunks, but had flip flops and a fashionable black shirt as well. Mia nodded and smiled as she slipped into the bench seat beside him. He smiled and gave a small wave as Luke sat on the chair facing him. Luke turned and they all watched the music, drinking in the French island atmosphere. 

They ordered food and noticed that the man was still by himself, drinking a local beer with a finished plate of food in front of him. He rocked to the music and clapped enthusiastically with each song. When they had finished their own food, the players took a break and grabbed drinks for themselves. The conversations in the room took over. 

They sipped their drinks for a few minutes before Mia leaned over to the man and asked him where he was from. He said he was from Corsica and had been sailing around the east coast of North America all summer. He was on his way down the St. Lawrence to Quebec for the winter. His name was Petru and he had a thick accent but spoke excellent English. He was not tall, but thick and strong with big legs. 

Luke spoke French to him and it made him very happy, his face brightening to them both. He was now turned to them and sitting at the table, as if they had dined together. Mia understood their words and made efforts to speak French herself, endearing herself to Petru greatly. Without flinching, he grabbed her shoulder, her knee, in encouragement. She felt how hard and strong his hands were from sailing. It almost hurt when he touched her. 

They talked all night, about Sable Island, about wild horses, about being on the sea. 

"The horses have hair like this," he said, holding his hands to his waist. "Like a woman, and big eyes, like a woman, very beautiful."

They told him that they were there to do some windsurfing, but that there hadn't been much wind. He became very interested in windsurfing and said he'd love to try it. 

"We'll take you tomorrow," said Mia. 

Luke agreed and prodded Petru until he acceded. They celebrated with another round of beer, toasting their friendship and the next day's prospects.

They closed the restaurant with singing and drinking and laughter, and when they found themselves in the parking lot under the stars, Petru hugged Mia hard, giving her three kisses on her cheeks. Mia fekt his whiskers on her face, the warmth of his dark, salty skin. He then wandered off into the night, drybag in hand, down to the beach, singing the whole way. 

They walked back to the cottage and talked about what a character Petry was. In bed, Mia immediately straddled Luke and rocked back and forth until she could feel his cock hardening beneath her. She held him in her hand and slid him between her lips until she became ready. As she slid him inside her, he asked, "So, do you like Petru?"

"Yes," she said, a bit breathless, taking his dick an inch at a time. 

"Would you like to suck his cock?"

Luke felt her get wetter as she took him whole. She looked at him and sighed, "Yes." 

He felt himself grow harder and grabbed her ass. 

"Would you like to watch me?" she said, "His cock in my mouth. In my pussy." 

He sucked her nipples and spanked her ass, holding her hips while he pushed himself deep inside of her. 

"Or would you rather watch him fuck me while I suck your cock?"

With this thought, he pulled her down hard. She continued to grind him and felt him hitting those deeper spots that made her feel light-headed and drunk with pleasure. 

"Or sucking him while you fuck me."

It was only a few more deep thrusts until Luke came. She felt him shooting his cum inside of her and the spasms were so intense she wasn't sure if she orgasmed or not. She collapsed onto his chest. She looked up at him through the mess of dark red hair and they both laughed at the idea without saying any more. They both went to sleep that night thinking of Petru.

*

When they met Petru on the beach the following morning, he was wearing the same outfit. It was warm already and he was wet from his swim ashore. There was not enough wind for windsurfing and the forecast didn't look any better, so he invited them aboard his boat. 

"I know a beautiful hidden cove with the nicest beach I have ever seen."

They looked at each other and accepted in a heartbeat.

Petru and Luke simply stripped off their shirts for the swim while Mia pulled her sun shirt over her head and slinked off her shorts. Her breasts heaved and bounced in her bikini as she worked and Petru was trying hard not to notice. They put their things into Petru's dry bag for the swim out. 

Petru had rigged the bow with a simple rope ladder hanging and a railing removed. 

"Better for diving than the stern," he said. 

They climbed aboard and set sail for the other side of the island. The sun was full now and Petru passed out some warm beer. 

"Sorry," he said. "Refrigeration is a luxury only for my food."

The ship sailed smoothly over the calm waters and we helped him pull ropes and trim the sails. Mia had grown up sailing with her father and her skills quickly earned Petru's respect. Soon, he stopped giving orders and let Mia dictate what needed to be done. Luke answered all of her commands with an comical aye aye cap'n. Eventually, Petru let her take the till and sat back to admire her steering the ship in her bikini. He looked over her full hips and the very round curve of her ass. She could feel his eyes on her and she had to look out to sea to smile without him noticing. When they were finally on a long tack, Petru took the till and waved his hand. 

"Go, be comfortable, this is why you are here," he said. 

He threw them some pillows and towels from below deck and they made a bed in front of the mainsail. It was perfect day and they lied there in their swimsuits enjoying the beautiful view while he piloted around the cliff-strewn coast. 

By midday, they arrived at a completely secluded cove, sheltered from the wind and sporting a pristine beach. Petru anchored and dug out some cold cheeses, crackers, and meats. They ate and laughed, drinking beer and sunning themselves. 

Petru then held up his finger and went down below again. He returned with a small tinfoil ball and pried it open to reveal some small chunks of hash and a wooden pipe the size of his large thumb. 

Luke was immediately excited and although Mia wasn't a regular smoker, she decided the conditions were perfect for a little toke. After a few small puffs, Mia felt the whole day shining around her. She rested back on her elbows and felt the sun entering every pore as the wind gently stroked her. 

When Luke and Petru had finished, Petru stood. 

"I don't know about you, but swimming naked is the only way where I come from. I hope it is ok," he said.

He stepped by them, jumping over the pillows and food, and removed his trunks in one quick motion. Mia laughed at his bare ass, but caught herself when she saw his big cock dangling between his legs. She sat up and put her beer down and watched as he ran and leapt off the bow into the water. She looked at Luke and smiled. 

"Can I go too?" she said.

Luke grinned and she proceeded to take off her top and bottoms. She walked to the edge and stood there. Petru saw her from the water, standing above him, her perfects breasts standing in the air, her shaved pussy not quite hidden between her thighs. She felt him watching her again and it made her flutter first in her stomach, then in her pubis. 

She dove in and swam around, the water passing over her body wonderfully. Luke stood on the edge of the boat and watched Petru and Mia swim and laugh together. 

Petru then climbed his way up the ladder. He cracked another beer and checked the anchor. Luke removed his trunks and dove in with Mia. He held her in the water, touching every part of her body, kissing her lips and salty neck. When they looked up, Petru was watching them happily and staring out to sea. 

Towels were waiting for them on the railing as they climbed aboard. Petru was lying on the towel-bed against a pillow, his arm over his head with his eyes closed. Mia looked again at his big cock resting between his legs. She moved and stood to towel off where he could easily see her. 

Luke sat down beside him and dried his hair, watching Mia all the time. Petru opened his eyes and watched her wiping her body down. Mia exaggerated her motions, pointing her toes and spreading her legs so he could see her pussy. He adjusted himself and she could see that it was working, that it was making him uncomfortable. He tried to look away and remain composed, but she could see his cock growing and moving slightly. 

"You are a beautiful woman, Mia," he said. 

"Isn't she," agreed Luke. 

Mia laughed and proceeded to pose like a model in a painting. 

"I think it's time for naked yoga. C'mon, up, up, let's get a little bit of exercise you lazy boots," she said. 

"How about we watch you first," said Luke. 

Mia laughed. "You guys are lame."

Mia held the towel over most of her body as they eyed her, hoping she would follow-through on her promise. Feeling suddenly shy, she wrapped the towel around her chest, but it was a small towel and only came to her mid-thigh. Knowing full-well that they were watching, she began to strike some poses. She could feel herself becoming aroused at the idea of them watching her. With some poses, the towel was enough to cover her body, but with others, the towel simply parted like a curtain and revealed her pussy or her round ass. She was toned and fit, her muscles tight under her curves. Finally, she struck a standing lunge pose and her towel slipped from her body to the deck of the boat. 

"I'm sorry," said Petru, and in an embarrassed way covered his hand over his hardening penis. 

He got up and turned to move below deck. 

"Wait," said Mia, putting a hand to his chest and lowering him back down onto the pillows.

She knelt down in front of him and delicately removed his hands. Petru's cock stood for her. She caressed him softly in her hands and fondled his big balls. 

Luke let himself harden now, too, and watched, as nervous as he was excited. She began stroking Petru's dick slowly, its thickness getting harder and harder in her hand until she could barely wrap her slender fingers around it. She saw him close his eyes and moan with pleasure. She looked over to see Luke's waiting cock, and, meeting his eyes, grabbed it with her other hand. Mia kneeled between them both and stroked them, one on each side. She felt the power she had over them as they watched her, providing everything they wanted. 
