 Justin woke up Sunday morning to a hungry little mouth sucking his huge cock. He watched Maggie's head bobbing up and down on his dick for a few minutes before grabbing hold of her hair and ramming his cock into her throat.

"That's my good little cocksucker," Justin whispered. "Take it all down that tight little throat of yours." Justin felt the tingling in his balls and knew he was about to cum. "Come on baby, keep at it. I'm going to erupt in your mouth. I'MMM CUMMMMING!!!" Justin shot load after load into his little vixen's mouth. He had never cum so much with his wife. 

After Maggie licked Mr. Safran's cock clean, she worked her way up his body to his mouth and gave him a passionate kiss. Her tongue worked its way into his mouth and the two tongues battled. 

"That was a good way to wake up." Justin looked over to the clock. 

His dad would be bringing Sarah home soon, but Justin wanted to fuck this little whore one more time before he sent her home. He rolled her over to her back and kissed her neck and shoulder, then worked down to her pert little breasts. He massaged one while sucking and licking the other, then he switched. After gnawing on her tits for a few minutes, he worked his way down to her moist slit. He licked his tongue up and down her slit, and sucked on her clit, which elicited a moan out of Maggie.

"Does my sweet little whore like that?" Justin asked in between lickings. "Tell me what you want baby, tell me what you want."

"Eat me, suck my clit, make me cum!" Maggie screamed. "I'm your little slut," Maggie withered under him and he could tell she was getting close to cumming.

"That's it my girl, cum for me." Justin continued working on licking her slit. He stuck a finger in her pussy to lubricate it before he pushed it into her tight little rosebud. As soon as his finger entered her ass, Maggie lost it.

"I'MMMMMM CUMMMMMINGGGGGGGGGGG!!! UGH . . . YEAH . . . OH YEAH"

Justin was running out of time. He told her to go down and suck his cock back into hardness. While she was sucking, Justin saw movement in the hallway outside his bedroom. He looked up to see his father standing there stroking his cock. This turned Justin on, and his cock grew even harder. He pulled Maggie off of his cock, and turned her around to face the door. She gasped when she saw an older man standing in the doorway stroking his monster cock. 

"Dad, come on in, and let Maggie suck that cock of yours while I pound her pussy." Justin slipped his cock into her cunt while Justin's dad came in and took hold of Maggie's hair and guided his cock into her sweet lips. 

"Unh . . . you've got a wonderful cocksucker here," Justin's father commented. "She's a sweet little thing. I bet she's incredible to fuck. Where did you find her?" 

"She's the babysitter. I thought while my wife was away, it would be a good time to turn this sweet little thing into my personal slut. I'm trying to knock her up. You're welcome to fuck her, too." Justin responded as he pumped his cock in and out of his sweet little whore. 

Justin leaned over to grab some KY jelly out of his night stand, and worked some into Maggie's ass while he continued pumping into her cunt. He worked a finger into her ass, and then two fingers and continued pumping her ass with his fingers while working his cock in and out of her cunt.

All the sensations Maggie was feeling right now were pushing her over the edge. Between sucking cock, being pummeled by another shaft, and fingers penetrating her ass, she went into a mind-blowing orgasm.

Justin felt Maggie's orgasm, and thought it would be the perfect time to work his cock into her ass. He took his cock out of her cunt, and slammed it into her ass. He could feel her body tighten as he entered her ass. 

He leaned over and whispered in her ear, "My sweet Maggie, relax your body, my dear. Your ass is so tight, sweetheart, I'm going to pump it like there's no tomorrow. You're going to enjoy every minute of it my dear." Justin started pumping his cock in and out of her ass. He reached his one hand down to her clit and started playing with it to make her relax.

Justin's father started coming. Watching this sweet little thing getting pounded in the ass by his son, while she sucked his cock was too much for him. He held her head and pushed his cock in as far as he could and unleashed his load down her throat. 

"That was amazing," Justin's father said. "I gotta find myself a little whore all for myself." His cock slipped out of Maggie's mouth and he collapsed on the bed. 

"I'm about to cum my sweet," Justin screamed as he pulled out of her ass and plummeted back into her pussy. He pounded away until he was about to let go, then he slammed into her to the hilt.

"I'M CUMMING!!!!!" He screamed as he unleashed another load of cum into her unprotected womb. "That's it my dear, take my seed, I want you pregnant!" Justin didn't pull out until his cock was soft. 

After the three of them were laying on the bed for a few minutes, Justin took Maggie into the bathroom and cleaned her up. Then he had his father take the slut home.

*

TWO MONTHS LATER

It was a Wednesday afternoon, and Justin was sitting at his desk when his receptionist buzzed him and said there was a young woman here to see him. Justin told his receptionist to send her in, and to hold all of his calls for the rest of the day.

Maggie walked into Justin's office carrying a little duffel bag. Justin closed and locked the door behind Maggie, and invited her to sit down in one of the chairs in front of his desk.

"Maggie do you have something to tell me?" Justin asked has he sat down on the edge of his desk, with an obvious erection tenting in his pants. 

"Yes, Mr. Safran. I'm pregnant. My mother threw me out of the house." Maggie walked over to Mr. Safran and rubbed her hand over his bulge. "What are we going to do, Mr. Safran?" Maggie asked as she unzipped his pants and worked her hand inside to massage his cock. 

"First thing I'm going to do, is fuck that hot cunt of yours, then I'm going to take you over to that apartment I have set up for you so I can fuck you some more," Justin whispered as he pushed the blonde down to take his cock into her mouth. After he was nice and hard, Justin went over to the sofa in his office and laid down, telling Maggie to straddle him. 

Maggie climbed on top of him and guided his prick into her smoking hot cunt. As she rode him, she leaned over so he could take her tits into his mouth. He pounded her pussy for what seemed like hours before he finally unloaded his cum into her again. 

Justin stroked Maggie's hair as she laid on top of him. He was going to enjoy his little slut, and keep her barefoot and pregnant. They were going to have a lot of sex filled days ahead of them. It was going to start, tonight.

To Be Continued . . .