 I smiled.

My body was spent; I thought at the very least I was going to be given some time to recover, but that wasn't going to happen. I was helped up; moved back into position, bending over the stool and hooked back into place, unable to move. My earphones were removed and earplugs were put into my ears instead and with that, I couldn't hear a thing, I was now blind and deaf, all I could do was feel, taste and smell, which at the moment, all I could smell was cum, sweat and piss...yum.

It was kind of disturbing at first, losing my sight and sound, you lose track of everything. I had no idea how long I was there, or anything around me and for a second, I almost forgot where I was. My mind wandered, dreamed, back to last night with hands, mouths, tongues, among other parts, having their way with my body. 

It was like I could almost begin to feel it; I could feel a cock slipping in and out of my mouth, another penetrating my pussy.

"God, that feels so good.", I said to myself.

They were so hard, and exactly what I was craving right now. My mind was filled with cock and that is exactly what I was getting. Was it because I was so sexually repressed that my dreams were this erotic? That my dreams felt so real. Focusing on the cock in my mouth I began to taste it, mostly just skin, different though. It felt different inside of my mouth, like the head was tucked away inside of it's own skin, moving it's way in and out as it fucked my mouth. I used my tongue around it, trying my best to make a picture in my mind.

It was long, not thick, smooth, and not veiny at all, but it was long and I could feel it slowly move down my throat. At the same time, the cock in my pussy was taking no prisoners and was fucking me with a fury. It was definitely average from the feel of it, or at least that's what I could tell in my mind. Still felt good to be filled.

"Oh yes, I love a cock in my pussy, I've been waiting my whole life to be used over and over again, fucked like the little whore I am."

I felt the cock in my pussy start to twitch, and I knew what was coming, pun intended. I was getting so close to cumming again, being spit roasted in my mind by two more random cocks of the day turned me on so much, when the cock fucking me, rather disappointedly, started filling me, and yet leaving me unfulfilled. The second it came, it pulled out of me and vanished as quickly as it had arrived. I could feel the cum he left in me start to drip out and in no time at all a new cock started rubbing up against my pussy, entering me and starting the fucking all over again.

"Mmmm, another cock just for... cough, cough."

Before I could even finish, the cock in my mouth began cumming. Wait, you can't choke in a dream can you? This was real, this was actually happening, they were fucking me this whole time and I didn't even realize it, probably because it felt too good to be true. I was slowly brought back to my senses, well, whatever senses I had available to me. The taste of jizz in my mouth, thick, milky, and warm, it tasted terrible, but that turned me on even more.

"Next to get sucked by the slut, please feed me," I said with excitement.

It didn't take long for the next cock to enter my mouth; it was fat, stubby and hairy. I could feel the hair on my lips and a little on my tongue and it was just enough to be a mouthful. That's fine with me, I wanted all of the cock, and the shape and size didn't matter to me. Although this one was a little hard to use, every time it would pull back, it would come out of my mouth while I sucked, and he would come out with a pop. I almost laughed after it happened a few times, but thought it would make the guy feel bad, so I didn't out of respect. All the while cock number 4 to fuck me for today was definitely getting me closer to the orgasm I needed so badly. I wish I could have moved my hips to meet his fucking, but couldn't really move at all in my situation.

"I'm almost there, I'm so close, please keep going!"

With yet another disappointment, the cock fucking me came, adding to the loads left inside of me and pulled out. I felt his seed start to leak out of me and start to flow down the inside of my leg with the other loads that had been there already, along with my own wetness. Shortly after the cock in my mouth shot his load, and for such a...fun sized penis. What it lacked in stature, it made up for in the size of it's load, a load of spunk that filled my mouth, bloated my cheeks, forcing it's way down my throat, unable to swallow all of it, I coughed, choking on the sheer volume, I almost thought some came out of my nose. He pulled the cork of a cock out of my mouth and I could feel cum spew out of my mouth with it and down my chin.

One after another, cocks of all shapes and sizes, textures and tastes penetrated my holes and after a while, I had lost count. They came and went, some so fast that it felt like they came almost as soon as they entered me and some that only got me to the edge of orgasm, prematurely shooting their load and pulling out, before I could find the same sweet release. My mouth was used so many times, that my stomach started to feel full from all I could swallow and what I couldn't, dribbled down my chin. Those that fucked my pussy and ass created a river of cum leaking from them, all the way down my legs to my feet, creating a puddle of sperm on the floor. It became a steady flow of faceless penises until these two came.

The first penetrated my mouth, squeezing its way into my mouth. It was huge, hard, and salty and heavy on my tongue and when it finally got to the back of my mouth, it didn't stop there. It began pushing down my throat and I did my best to let it in, but couldn't help gagging on it. It just kept going and going, I started to panic that I couldn't breathe, I couldn't even tell if the cock was still making it's way in, if there was more to go, how far inside me it was.

"MMMM! MMPH! MMMM!" I tried to speak around the cock that almost felt like it was reaching into my stomach.

It started pulling out slowly until all that was left in me was the tip, and I gasped for air, then it made it's way in again, I didn't even have room to run my tongue around it because of how thick it was. Just let it fuck me, in and out, taking in air whenever I got the chance. I felt the tip of another cock press against me from behind and as it entered me, I realized just how huge it was as well, did this guy have a twin?

"Oh my god! He's fucking me with a baseball bat!" I screamed in pain.

It stopped, pulled out and went in, deeper this time, every time pulling back, going in deeper, pulling back, deeper, until it hit what I can only guess was my cervix. I could feel the tip itself hitting my cervix, banging it like an angry man wanting someone to open the door. Spreading the walls of my vagina, hitting every inch inside me, almost feeling like it was banging against my stomach, at the same time the baseball bat in my mouth was doing exactly the same thing. I hoped I still had teeth after this whole thing was over. I pictured myself between the two, and even restrained, my body was moving back and forth, they were that strong. Suffering, but at the same time feeling pleasure from the extreme penetration.

"OH! MY! GOD!" My orgasm that was being edged for god knows how long ripped through me. 

That didn't stop them though, the fucking continued, or at this rate the brutal assault on my mouth and cunt. The orgasm never-ending, but just continuing like it didn't know what else to do. My body was convulsing, if you could see my eyes they were probably rolling into the back of my head and animalistic sounds of moaning and grunting were the only things coming out of my mouth. My brain was gone, I was a fuck toy for these two mammoth cocks and they were using me as such.

When it finally felt like one orgasm ended, another one was starting up and exploding, it was a fireworks show in my loins and not only did the size of these penises seem unnatural, their stamina was equal to match. One after another, orgasm after orgasm, my body convulsing, trying to breathe until the cock in my mouth went as far in as it could go and the same with the one in my pussy and I felt them both nearly jump inside me as I could feel a flow start to come through them. Imagine putting your hands around a pipe and turning on the water feeling the flow of it. That's exactly how it felt, a never-ending flood of cum entering my stomach and into my pussy nearly exploding out of me. My stomach was full, my cunt no longer leaking cum when he pulled out, instead a flood of it came out with it.

They were gone and I was so thankful, until the next cocks came and I realized they were the same ones, they had only switched sides. Even worse the new one behind me decided to take my ass instead. I would have screamed bloody murder if it wasn't for the one back in my mouth gagging me so that nothing could come out. My asshole burning like it had done earlier today, feeling the first cock ever inside me, this time twice as big and twice as long. I didn't think my ass was going to be the same again after this and hoped I was bleeding.

I must have zoned out between the pain, pleasure and lack of oxygen and when I finally came back to my senses, the two were deep inside of me, though they weren't moving until I felt them cum again, into my stomach and now deep into my bowels, filling me with their warm, thick, plentiful seeds. Almost imagining being so much cum, that at some point, they met, mixing together inside me. The thought both turned me on and scared me, thinking that much cum from the two could be running through me and that they ejaculated that hard to send it that deep into me. They pulled out, more cum flowing out of my gaping asshole, my stomach almost feeling distended from the load directly shot into it, I'm not sure if I passed out or fell asleep because the next thing that happened didn't make much sense at all.

"Maggie Hill! Maggie Hill", I could hear graduation music playing, but my vision was still dark.

"Hey, Mags they're calling your name wake up!" I could hear my friend Crystal and feel her shaking me awake.

My eyes shot open, I didn't understand what was going on for a moment, but looking around, it was my senior class, my graduation ceremony? It was being held in the auditorium as I remembered, side rows containing the graduating class, middle containing all of the parents of the graduates. The school I graduated from was a very small school, K-12 and my class was only a couple hundred. I got up on shaky legs, graduation gown that felt silky on my skin, cap on my head almost falling off and started walking to the stage. 

"Oh there she is! Maggie Hill, our student of the hour, she has a speech here to read to you all, as she comes up here to show you what hard work, dedication and drive has done for her," the principal introducing me.

I made my way to the podium; it was much shorter than I remembered it being, about waist height. The principal gave me a hug and something felt...off. I walked up to the podium seeing a paper lying there. I guess I was meant to give a speech. I could see my parents in the audience, smiling, cheering, tears of joy in my mother's eyes, my sister and brother-in-law with them rooting like they were at a football game, and my whole senior class and their parents applauding. 

I started reading the paper in front of me.

"My name is Maggie Hill and you may know me as the innocent girl who walked around these halls, that's if you even noticed me at all because of how tomboyish I dressed. 

Giggles and laughs came from the crowd.

"There are a few things you may have never known..."

The principal's hands reached around me, unzipping the graduation gown as I spoke; confused I let him as I read on.

"Never known the true shape of the girl that... walked... amongst you..."

The gown once open, exposing soft pale naked skin as it was unzipped, then pulled back over my shoulders, down my arms, falling to the ground and thrown to the side of the stage, left me naked except for my graduation cap and shoes.

"Its desires."

It was like I was on autopilot, naked in front of everyone I knew, friends, family, and teachers. I felt myself bent over the podium as I kept reading; the principal behind me had taken out his hard cock and began shoving it into my pussy.

"Mmmmm, desires, to be exposed, ah, oh, used, mmmm, humiliated, fuck, fucked."

Everyone was watching me intently as I was being fucked on stage, naked, for all to see by the very man we all practically grew up with.

"I have craved the hard cocks of each one of your sons and the wet, juicy pussies of each of your daughters. Masturbating to them every night, wishing they would use this slutty body of mine."

The principal's hands reached around, one hand playing with my tits, the other making me suck on his finger as I tried to continue read.

"I have imagined myself tied up, naked, blindfolded at the mercy of our awesome football team, to be the naked fuck prize at the end of every game."

Go pride! The audience cheered for our football team.

"And now, we will all get the chance to live out this dream, because the future begins now! It begins with...yes! Fuck me! Yes your cock feels so good Mr. Mortimer!"

I felt him began to shake against me as he drove his cock one last time deeper into me shooting his load and making me orgasm in front of everyone.

"Cumming! Cumming on stage, and giving me what I so rightly deserve."

I felt a kiss on the side of my face and the principal walked off.

"Because, my name is Maggie Hill and I have always been a dirty little slut."

The podium was moved off stage, names were called and as the first two came up, it was my best friend Crystal and my crush Brian. Brian stood in front of me and Crystal stood behind me and I was confused why they choose those positions. Brian moved forward, looking me up and down and I blushed feeling his eyes scan my exposed and vulnerable body. It was something I always dreamed of, maybe not naked, that was another dream. He got closer to me looking me in the eyes.

"Hi Maggie"

"Hi...Brian," I said shyly.

God, he was so hot, 6 feet tall, muscles in all the right places, quarterback of the football team, I had a crush on him since the first day we met, back when I started high school.

"If I had known what a slut you were, I would have asked you out sooner."

He took my face in his hand and like I had always dreamed, he kissed me deeply. I felt his hand trail down from my face, down my neck, groping my left tit making me moan into his mouth, across my stomach and straight to my used pussy, shoving a finger inside me as he continued making out with me. I could feel his cock start to harden under his graduation gown, pressing against my stomach and behind me Crystal got closer wrapping her hands around me, cupping my tits and playing with my nipples.

"That's ok big boy, I was her best friend and I didn't even know what a huge slut she was, till today or even how big these jugs were, mmmm."

Crystal started nibbling on my ear, then my neck all the while kneading my sensitive tits, feeling her hardening nipples through her gown on my back and a hard on pressed up against my butt. Wait what? They both stepped back.

"Our turn," they said together almost at the same time.

They both pulled the zipper down their gowns but didn't remove them, and I saw Brian's giant cock for the first time and my jaw, just, dropped in awe. I looked back and saw Crystal naked for the first time as well, her tits larger than mine, perfectly circular with cute pink little nipples, her stomach a little rounder but still sexy, and a landing strip of hair above her...strap on! A big pink cock was strapped around her waist and my eyes were wide with shock. A stool was brought to the center of the stage.

"Come on Mags, you're holding up the line." Crystal said seductively stroking her fake cock.

Brian led me over to the stool and bent me over it, taking his place in front of me while Crystal stood behind me. 

"God I've wanted your cock for so long Brian, I've wanted you since the first day of school."

He didn't even answer, just pushed his cock into my mouth as Crystal shoved herself into my pussy. The audience applauded as the two started fucking me and for a moment, I completely forget anyone else was even there. I reached around feeling Brian's perfect, hard ass trying to get him to push his cock deeper down my throat as my pussy clenched around the plastic invader fucking me. 

Brian's left hand gripped my head while his right grabbed hard onto my left breasts as he just started fucking my mouth, while Crystal had one hand pressing on my back and the other reaching under as she fucked me, rubbing my clit.

"Fuck me Crystal, oh yes fuck me, give me your cum Brian, I've wanted your cum for so long!"

I felt leather around my wrists and ankles and my hands and legs were pulled downwards being clipped to the floor, holding them into place, the stool keeping me in position. Crystal leaned over me putting her weight on my body, feeling her gown open around us, her tits rubbing up against my back.

"Oh Maggie, you have no idea how long I waited for his, to fuck you like this, mmmm, I got this strap-on just for you, so we'd be closer togeth..er..."

Her thrusts getting deeper and harder into me as she talked, she must have been on the verge of orgasm and so was I again. The view must have been amazing for Brian as he watched my best friend, another girl, fucking me from behind and looking up his face was a dream. His forehead was scrunched a little, biting his lip. He pulled his cock out of my mouth jacking it off. He grunted and shot his cum all over my face, hitting Crystal as well.

"I... loveee... youuu... Maggieee," Crystal whimpered in my ear moaning as she came being hit with Brian's cum.

The audience applauded as Brian and Crystal walked each other off stage, Crystal scooping up little bits of his cum from her cheek and bringing it to her mouth as they both vanished from my view. I looked back up and there stood my sister and brother-in-law.

"Kaylee? Derek? What are you doing on stage?"

Kaylee unzipped Derek's pants like it was perfectly natural, reached in and pulled out his already hard cock and started jacking it off, right in front of me.

"What do you think silly? We're here to congratulate you, for all of your hard work and reaching this momentous point in your life."

All the while my sister talking, jacking off her husband's cock pointing it right at my face.

"It's not everyday a girl, let alone my sister, comes out with her true nature for the world to see, isn't that right honey?"

Derek's eyes were starring right at me and the look on his face was sheer pleasure.

"Of courseee, deaarr, it's so harrddd, for a girl, to commeee, out as the sluttt, she iss."

"Tee hee, I've been playing with Derek since the ceremony started, he's not going to last much longer, but we just wanted to, come, up here and congratulate my little sister."

I looked from my sister's face, to my brother-in-laws face, to the cock in front of me just as it sprayed it's load all over me. My sister kneeled down next to me.

"Don't worry slut runs in the family, I remember the first time Derek did that to me, it was amazing," she whispered into my ear.

Before getting up she licked some of the cum off the side of my face and gave me a kiss on the lips. She grabbed Derek's softening cock and led him off of the stage.

"You're fucking me when we get home, ok mister." I heard her say before they too vanished out of eyesight. 

I was looking down, a set of familiar shoes in front of me, shoes I've known almost my whole life. I looked up kind of startled.
