 Marzia Price wasn't a vain woman by any means, but every time she walked by a mirror, she couldn't help look at her reflection. She loved the reflection that stared back at her, a curvy, large-breasted, tanned ash-blonde who could turn heads whenever she walked into a room. Her lips were soft, pouty and kissable. Her ass had a provocative sway when she walked, her legs were long and shapely. Marzia was very proud of her 38C-24-36 figure and whenever anyone noticed, she felt fulfilled.

The reason for her narcissistic pleasure was that Marzia hadn't owned this body very long. Just 2 scant years ago, she had been dumpy and overweight, the kind of woman who wore runners and sneakers everywhere, except work. Then Marzia met him and everything began to change.

Phineas Blackstone was a promising young attorney who worked for the law firm at which Marzia toiled as a clerk. He had wavy, dark hair and piercing green eyes, the build of an athlete and a rich, husky voice. His laugh made her smile and every time he walked by, Marzia's heart went pit-a-pat. He always looked so impeccably dressed in his Brooks Brothers suits and he seemed to have a kind word for everyone, Marzia included.

Sadly, this didn't mean that he noticed Marzia in the way she wanted to be noticed. She wanted him to think of her as sexy, but that simply wasn't going to happen. She teetered near the 200 pound mark and did nothing to draw any attention to herself. Marzia wanted to go to bed with someone like "Finn" just once in her life and knew that to accomplish that goal; everything about her would have to undergo a drastic change.

All employees enjoyed full privileges at the company gym, so Marzia knew starting a workout regimen would not be a financial burden, although she would have to force herself, Marzia knew that. She hated exercising and had since she was a kid. It was the reason she was heavy although the rest of her female relatives looked like magazine centerfolds. They exercised frequently and she didn't. The other reason was her passion for food. Unlike many "foodies", Marzia didn't eat to cover up pain or inadequacies. She loved food, the aroma, the creation; the texture ... food was her passion. Now whenever Finn passed her desk and waved, she knew that she had a new passion.

Marzia's greatest fear was that her former passion would overcome her current passion. Her lovely cousin Selina put that issue to rest.

"You know that I'm a trained Chef and a Dietician," Selina said as they ate a fresh, large tossed salad that she had prepared for both of them. "If you're really serious about this, I'd be more than willing to help you out."

"Help me out? How?" Marzia asked.

"I owe you big-time for the 3 months you let me stay with you when Gary and I broke up," Selina told her cousin. "I'd be willing to prepare tasty, low-calorie meals for you until you get into proper eating habits. I think you're sincere about wanting to lose the weight, this is my way of supporting you."

"That'd be great Sel and I'm going to take you up on your very kind offer," Marzia grinned, giving her cousin a big hug.

"I'll go running with you too, if you like," Selina offered. Selina often teased her cousin that the main reason she liked to run was the admiring gazes her butt got when she did so. Selina was hot and loved to be looked at, she didn't care by which sex. Selina, like much of Marzia's family, played by her own rules. She was unconventional and didn't care who knew about it.

Over the next several months, Marzia's flab began to melt off. She still enjoyed food and she and Selina would occasionally treat themselves to pizza or some other decadence if they'd been particularly good that week. Marzia had a lot of money saved and she began to buy clothes that she previously would never have dared try. Some of her co-workers noticed the difference and made flattering comments, but the person that Marzia most wanted to notice hadn't said a word so far.

It took a while, but one afternoon, Selina and Marzia were out for a run. A passerby whistled and when the girls turned around, it was quite apparent that he was whistling at Marzia. She felt great about it, having achieved her goal of being sexy. She hugged her cousin and when she went home, she unwrapped some of the new clothes she'd had in storage for the past several months and laid them out on her bed, marveling at how beautiful her new wardrobe was and the fact she'd now be able to wear clothes that flattered her new physique.

It was a very new, very sexy Marzia who went into work the following Monday. On Saturday, she'd had her hair styled and streaked a bit more, had herself waxed and got some sun so her skin shone like burnished copper. Her 5'8" frame now stood atop 3" heels and she was wearing a snug blue dress that showed off the body she had worked so hard to achieve. Marzia felt very good about herself and as she worked, she knew she had more spring in her step. There was only one thing on her mind that day ... would Finn notice the changes and would it be enough to lure him to her bed?

Finn stopped by her desk just before the end of the day. "People have been telling me about the new Marzia and good Lord, they were right!" Finn told her. "You look fabulous Marzia, if I weren't engaged; I'd ask you out in a second!"

Marzia's heart sank. "Y-you're engaged?" Marzia felt her heart sink to her feet.

"Yeah, to Dahlia. She's the daughter of one of our largest clients, that's how we met. I envy the lucky guy who gets to be with you, the change is really impressive Marzia! Good for you!" Finn complimented her as he walked away.

At home, Marzia paced the floor. The OLD Marzia would have eaten a tub of ice cream, but she had moved beyond that. It still stung that she wouldn't get to have Finn, but she wasn't falling back towards her old habits. She kept looking in the mirror and admired herself too much to quit now. Plus, she knew Selina would kick her butt.

Friday night, she and Selina were sitting around her apartment, commiserating. Selina hugged her cousin close and smiled. "I'm proud of you for not going backwards cuz, but it is a damned shame you won't get to fuck your dream guy!" Marzia blanched a bit, Selina was far less inhibited than she. "Still, it's his loss. If I wasn't your cousin, I'd take you to bed in a heartbeat." Selina knew her cousin wouldn't take her seriously, but she actually meant it. She'd been harboring a secret girl-crush on her cousin ever since Marzia's newfound sexuality began to emerge.

Marzia flirted back. "If you weren't my cousin, I just might let you." She winked. Both girls laughed.

"Speaking of sex and getting laid sweetie, I DO have a friend who has been dying to ask you out. My friend has seen us running together a number of times and thinks you're really hot," Selina told her.

"Sure, why not? If I'm not going to be with Finn, I wouldn't mind going out with a hot guy ... this friend of yours is hot, right?" Marzia asked.

"VERY hot, only it's not exactly a guy," Selina said, biting her bottom lip.

"Another GIRL? You want me to go out with another GIRL?!" Marzia said, astonished.

"Why not? You know I'm bi and I sure wouldn't set you up with a dog. Her name's Holly and she's a CPA and really, really cute. She's bi too and she asked about my `hot girl cousin' and if you might be interested. I told her I'd ask and see. Babe, you couldn't go wrong having Holly as your first girl-girl experience, let me tell you that!" Selina sighed. From her tone, Marzia knew that her cousin had likely bedded the girl. What Marzia didn't know was that Selina really wanted to be her cousin's first lesbian experience, but Selina was sensible enough to know it wasn't about to happen. Better to ease Marzia into things at a slow pace to avoid panic.

Marzia thought about it. She had always found other women beautiful and it wouldn't be a bad thing to increase her options. She hadn't been a highly sexual person so far, the opportunities hadn't been there and now they were. Selina enjoyed the company of women and she was a happy, cheerful person. Why shouldn't Marzia follow her cousin's example?

Selina dangled a bit more bait. "Tell you what, I'll make you a deal. I have a date with my friend Alison this weekend; we're going to a local Country nightclub. Why don't you join us and I'll invite Holly as well. If you two hit it off, you can do your own thing, if not, it'll just be 4 girls sharing some drinks and some good music, okay?" Selina proposed.

Marzia smiled and told her cousin to set it up. Saturday night found the four women at a very lively Country bar that had a 5:1 ratio of women to men. "A lot of gay and bi women come here, the girls are hot," Selina confessed to her cousin. Even the band was all women and they were good.

Selina looked lovely in a white jacket and blouse, cowboy hat, loose flowing skirt and cowboy boots. Alison was dressed in a loose floral skirt and white blouse and hat, boots with a high heel. She was very flirty and affectionate towards Selina. At first, Marzia found it a bit unnerving, but after a few drinks, she relaxed and let herself enjoy the fun.

Holly was a lovely companion, blonde and sweet and perky, with a lovely smile, long blonde hair, great legs and pale blue eyes. Dressed in a short skirt and high heels, she was a yummy piece of eye candy. She was very attentive to Marzia, who had to admit she found the younger girl attractive.

"I'm glad you agreed to this date, I think you're the most gorgeous thing EVER!" Holly gushed. "I'd love to get to know you better, if you know what I mean," She winked at Marzia.

"I-I think I'd like that, but wouldn't it be rude to leave Selina and Alison by themselves," Marzia said as Holly moved closer.

"I can solve that problem," Alison smiled. "My apartment is within walking distance, why don't we all go there and have a little bit of fun?"

That's what they did. Marzia thought her cousin and Alison would leave her and Holly alone, but that was not to be the case. They all went to the large master bedroom and Alison stripped Selina naked and began kissing her all over. Selina had one of the sexiest bodies and watching the two women in the throes of lesbian sex ignited Marzia. She wanted to try it for herself, but she simply didn't know where to start. Holly moved behind Marzia and brushed her hair to one side and whispered into her ear "Are you nervous, beautiful?" Marzia nodded so Holly smiled and said "Let me show you just how sexy you are and I'm sure everything will come naturally after that."

Once Holly's lips were on her skin, Marzia melted like butter. Holly was soft and gentle, she smelled so nice and she was so loving and passionate. She tasted and teased and Marzia was barely aware of her pretty blue dress being removed from her body. She had worn lingerie that matched nicely and Holly complimented her on how sexy it looked, plus her sexy high heels. Marzia knew that women noticed such things, she herself had also noticed Holly's frilly underwear and heels. Now Holly was on top of her, their breasts pressed together and their lips were merged as they kissed and took their pleasure together.

Marzia's nervousness about having sex with another woman had dissipated with Holly's first kiss. She liked the softness and the gentle, unhurried way that Holly made love. Marzia's body was afire with passion and as Holly's lips kissed and sucked, Marzia wanted to do the same things to Holly that were being done to her. Once her body had crested with orgasm, she begged Holly for the opportunity to make love to her, to taste her as Holly had done her. She knew her cousin and Alison were watching them, but she didn't care. She had nothing to be inhibited about, she was gorgeous and had a terrific body, she and Holly together made a beautiful tableau.

Holly's body was petite and tanned and sexy, Marzia took in every inch of the golden-hued, nubile blonde. Marzia had her yelping and gasping as she ate pussy for the first time, loving the feeling of it and the honeyed sweetness. Nothing in her life had prepared her for the feelings that surged through her body. She was feeling so sexy and desirable and she also had a tremendous sense of pride that she could make sexy Holly cum so hard.

They closed out the night with a few more drinks and Holly showed Marzia how to `69'. Marzia enjoyed that, it was a very sensual way to have sex and she had another 2 orgasms in that position.

"I really hope I can see you again," Holly hugged her as they said their goodbyes. "You're one of the sexiest partners I've ever had and I really feel we clicked."

"We sure did and you can count on seeing me again ... soon, I hope," Marzia hugged the blonde. She and Selina made their way home and Selina gave her cousin a hug.

"I can assume you no longer have hang-ups about having sex with other women?" Selina teased. She hadn't expected her cousin to take to it so freely, but Holly truly was a little temptress. Selina felt as if she was one step closer to bringing her cousin into her world.

"None whatsoever. That was wonderful; have any other pretty ladies you'd like to set me up with?" Marzia grinned.

"Kinda," Selina smiled as she got into bed beside her cousin. "I'm exhausted; Alison can really tire you out. I'll tell you all about it in the morning. Night."

Morning was nearly over by the time Marzia and Selina got out of bed. Over coffee, Selina asked her cousin "Are you ready to try something daring?"

"I thought I did that last night," Marzia laughed.

"This is a step beyond. I have this friend, Erin, who is looking for an attractive woman to join her and her husband Steve in bed. I'd join them myself but Steve and I used to date and I had it bad for him. I've slept with both of them and believe me; you'll have a wonderful time." Selina told Marzia.

"Okay, that sounds like naughty fun," Marzia told her cousin. "You haven't steered me wrong yet, go for it! When can we go for it?"

"Why wait? I can call Erin and you all can have your little tryst tonight. I'm going out with Alison and a friend of hers, you might as well have some fun of your own," Selina smiled.

Selina set up a meet with Erin and her husband Steve. Like she had with Holly, Erin and Marzia clicked immediately. She found the girl flirty and sensual and lots of fun to be with, very intelligent. Erin worked at a Dental Office and her husband Steve worked as a Gym teacher and Wrestling coach. It wasn't hard to imagine why, Steve was dark and tall and built like a brick wall, a mass of solid muscle. They went out for drinks and got to know each other, but Marzia was dying to go back to their home and get things going.

Erin was soft and sensual and when she finally kissed Marzia, the waiting had proved almost unbearable. Erin had been wearing a simple white blouse, but her skirt was a leopard print with matching boots. Steve was wearing a nice shirt and dress pants that showed off his musculature. 

"Let's go to our place and get in a naked pile," Erin teased. She and Marzia stumbled in the couple's doorway and were practically ripping each other's clothing off. Marzia had only worn a leather mini, tight cream-colored blouse and skimpy bra and thong. By the time Erin had pulled her up the stairs and into her bedroom, she was naked. Steve was right behind them and he buried his face in Marzia's cunt and began lapping her frantically. This would have freaked out the old Marzia, but the new, vivacious Marzia was so eager to get at Erin's yummy pussy, she just went with the flow. Her adorable playmate was so slender, tanned skin, 36B tits, legs that Marzia wanted wrapped around her head, Erin was irresistible. Marzia didn't resist, she showed Erin her adoration and had the girl cumming in mere minutes.

"Fuck me lover," Marzia said to Steve. "I haven't had enough of your wife's cunt, screw me while I finger-fuck and eat the hot little bitch!" Marzia winked at Steve and went back to lapping pussy while Steve inserted his throbbing cock inside her cunt. Neither she nor Erin had even tasted his cock, but she knew both of them would remedy that later. It felt so good, so fucking good, to have a real, hard, throbbing piece of cock inside her at last and the fact he was a hung, hunky muscular stud was icing on the cake. Pretty, naughty little Erin was the delectable cherry on top!

"Fuck her darling, what a gorgeous piece of ass she is, are you enjoying it, you nasty little slut?" Erin asked her husband as he vigorously fucked their gorgeous visitor.

"Christ baby, we couldn't have picked a better partner, we'll have to send Selina flowers or something," Steve groaned as he thrust his hips back and forth. Marzia knew that flowers weren't what her cousin would have preferred, but she kept that piece of data to herself.

She let herself cum and then Erin switched places, eating Marzia's pussy while her husband fucked her. Marzia thought that Holly had been just a teeny bit better, but perhaps she would need to have them at once to compare. She filed away that thought for a later time. Once Steve had cum inside his wife, Marzia ate his cum from her pussy and then she and Erin lay side-by-side and ate each other until they were screaming in orgasm.

Over the next number of weeks, Marzia continued her sexual exploration. She started seeing Holly regularly, met up with Erin and Steve again and even accepted an invitation from Alison to get together for a "pool party". Marzia smiled as she thought of all the diving she might do at the party ... and she might even go into the water.

Finn came up to her one Thursday afternoon and entered into idle conversation with her. It turned out that he and his fiancé had ended their engagement after Finn had found her in bed with her female roommate. He wondered if Marzia might be available for dinner sometime. Marzia told him she'd love to and she also thought of his ex-fiancé. She had met the girl a few weeks earlier and knew that Dahlia was a delicious, long-legged, slinky brunette. Now that Dahlia was also newly available, perhaps Marzia could add the sultry beauty to her list of new playmates? She also thought it might be nice sometime to share Dahlia with Selina ... after all, she did owe her cousin a huge "Thank You".