 Mai was ready for another new experience. Something she'd fantasized about with me, and even before we met. We hadn't planned this, but we were ready for it, and the timing was perfect. 

Mai is a tall Nordic natural blonde, slender but statuesque, and she's very good looking. Long thick lustrous hair, with natural highlights of silver and pale auburn, a beautiful face with glacial blue sparkling eyes. Full lips that seem aching to be kissed. Pink tipped opulent breasts, gorgeous long curvy legs, and a full but perfectly shaped ass. She'd been a model before we met, and from the pictures I saw she looked to me to be a bit too thin then, but she's gained a little weight in the right places, filling out her curves, and now she's voluptuous, luscious.

That's my nickname for her, "Luscious Lady", but usually simply Luscious. 

We met at a party. A friend of mine and I had stopped in and we ran into Mai. We went to a club for a few drinks, played pool, shot darts, and then went to my place, and the three of us ended up in bed. A few days later I called her, and we quickly became a couple, and a month later she and I moved in together. 

We were living in a very nice upscale apartment complex, out past the suburbs, surrounded by trees and meadows. One evening around midnight Mai and I were in the communal Jacuzzi, which was large enough for a small group. The tub was outside the shower and sauna area of the main meeting building, but surrounded by Plexiglas panels to shelter it from the wind, the top open to allow the steam to escape. The late winter snow, which we hoped was the last of the season now that the calendar said Spring should be in the air, was falling in, the tiny flakes melting in the steam rising from the bubbling water and from our naked bodies. We're not inhibited, and nudity late at night was common in the Jacuzzi, and sometimes there was sex happening, but not tonight. 

As we soaked in the hot water, relaxing from the drive back from what was to be our last day of skiing in Vermont, we talked about something that had happened a month or so earlier. We'd arrived to find a woman and two guys having sex, and not wanting to intrude we turned to leave. The woman, a tall good looking redhead, with an incredible body, called to us: "C'mon in if you want to join us." We shed our towels and got in, watching for a few minutes as she fucked one and sucked the other. One of the guys came over to us, introduced himself and looked at Mai. I could see by her big smile that she was attracted to him. She likes dark Mediterranean types. She gave him a sultry look right back, her sapphire eyes so innocent but so carnally promising. 

"I'm really glad you stayed to join us," and in a few minutes she was fucking him and I was with the redhead, Diane, and her partner, one of us at each end. After taking turns at both places I was still undecided if she was better at fucking or sucking, and I didn't care.

It was all fast and hard, but it had been fun, a one night experience. They weren't residents but Diane had come in to find her girlfriend Sharon for a little fun, and when the girlfriend turned out not to be home they'd come to the tub to have sex. 

"So it's working out fine," Di laughed. She had really fabulous tits and no inhibitions, sucking me as I leaned against the Plexiglas panel, her friend doggy fucking her naturally red bushy pussy as he held her hips. 

"That was a fun night", Mai reminisced. "It's great when those unexpected things happen, and that we both enjoy them when they do." Mai kissed me, her hand gently playing with my hardening cock beneath the swirling water. 

A few minutes later a couple came in, a tall black man, very dark, not skinny but slender and wiry. Handsome in an elegant way. The woman was much lighter than he and looked to be of mixed race. A little taller than Mai, with beautiful full breasts, a slender body, a very nicely shaped ass. Long shapely legs, and I noticed a gold toe ring. Her shining black hair was piled on top of her head, held in place with a scrunchy, her attractive face accented by wide set green Asian eyes and one of the most sensuous mouths I've ever seen. Full and wide, the perfect example of bee stung lips. She was strikingly beautiful. Her leopard print thong bikini was perfect for her. He was wearing plain black baggy swim trunks that came close to his knees. 

They saw we were nude and asked if we minded if they got in. We smiled and waved them in. They casually undressed. Both smiled dazzling smiles and introduced themselves as they slid into the steamy water, and I couldn't help but notice that the woman's pussy was completely shaved (unlike Mai, whose lips are shaved, her mound covered with a natural golden pelt). Billie and Ginger. They'd just moved into the apartment behind ours, so they were our nearest neighbors. 

Billie was a musician, Ginger an art consultant for a large gallery, "so one of us has a real job," Billie joked. Out of college only a few years and she was in management, so she was bright as well as beautiful. Mai mentioned that we both worked in high tech. We talked about living in the complex, other chit chat, and when we left we walked the short distance to our apartments together, each wrapped in a thick robe, our bodies still hot from the tub. They invited us in for a drink, so we made more small talk, listening to some of Billie's CDs as we curled by their glowing fireplace. It was very sensuous sitting there in robes, with flashes of breasts and sleek thighs, but it was also a bit anticlimactic after being nude in the tub with them. We left after an hour or so, having made a date for dinner at our place for later in the week. 

"She's very good looking", Mai said as we lay in bed, out of our robes, her body stretched out, a tired languid look in her eyes, smiling as I rubbed her lovely feet. "She looks like that model, Christy something, ya know?" She sighed as she luxuriated in the foot rub. I knew it was one of her favorite things for me to do for her. "I love her eyes, Japanesy sort of. Or maybe she's Hawaiian, ya think?" 

"Sure, Luscious, Ginger's really stunning, but I'm more interested in what you think of Billie. I saw you measuring him with your eyes a few times", and I had intended the pun. Mai knew what I meant. She blushed, her eyes looking downward, so sweet and innocent, demure. She was often sweet and innocent, but that was only one part of her. 

"Well, it's nice to meet people that we might like. Maybe we could hang out with them sometimes, have dinner again if it works out this time, go out with them once in awhile." I waited, seeing how much she'd reveal of her thoughts and feelings of our meeting these new attractive people. I knew she had more to say as I watched her pearlesent teeth nibble on the outer edge of her lower lip. A sure sign of her choosing her words carefully. She looked like a young girl, not the sensuous woman I knew she could be. My Lolita. 

Mai had a bit of a dilemma with sex, until it happened. Then she was completely comfortable with it. I knew that this was the case now: she was having a slight problem talking about her desires, in this case about wanting to have sex with Billie. But once she was there, doing it, she would be a lioness; she'd devour him, lick her luscious lips and smile. 

Mai looked up, her dazzling eyes catching mine, a slight smile curling those luscious lips. 

"So it's true, ..." 

"What's true?" 

"You know, that, that, ..." 

"Luscious, why don't you just say it". 

"That black guys have, ..., you know!" 

"Say it." 

"Big dicks!" And she blushed again, her eyes wide. She smiled. "Imagine when it gets hard! My god, I can't imagine that big thing ..." 

"Inside you?" She nodded her head in agreement, smiling, then looked away shyly, her eyes again downcast, as though trying to hide a naughty thought. "I can imagine him inside you", making the reference more personal. She looked up at me, eyes wide again, waiting. "I can imagine you licking him, and sucking him, taking that long fat cock in your mouth, like you take me." She loved for me to make these images for her. She closed her eyes and I knew she was imagining the pleasure of licking and sucking his black cock. I noticed a slight shiver pass through her naked body. 

I heard her intake of breath as I reached between her outstretched legs, felt the wetness along her smooth slit. "I can imagine him in here as well." A gasp this time. My finger probed, pushed into the warm pouch of her pussy, up into her creamy cunt. "Ah, you can imagine it, too." Her body tightened as I felt for her hot spot. "Like this, but thicker, longer." She groaned, and I knew she was thinking about the weight of his body on hers, the pressure against the inside of her tight cunt as I caressed her syrupy walls, slippery now with her juices. 

Mai nodded her head again, "Uh huh", and bit her lip, opening her legs as my finger slid further into her nearly dripping lips. "I was thinking about the last time, and wondering if we would have sex with them tonight. Do you think it gets even bigger when it's hard?" She groaned as I slid two fingers into her tight but very wet cunt. "Oh, I'd really like to find out." 

We had dinner with them the following weekend, and it was very enjoyable. We learned that Ginger was indeed of mixed race: her mother was Asian Indian and her father was Japanese. Her large luminous eyes, just barely slanted, but lacking any hint of an epicanthic fold, were a sparkling green but with hints of other colors, which seemed to change from time to time. "Depends on what I'm wearing, usually." Her voice was just low enough to be very sensual. Her straight hair was silky blue black, and very fine, in a very nice cut that reached slightly past her shoulders. 

In addition to having dinner with them we'd gone to the Jacuzzi again a few times, usually at night. It was relaxing for all of us, and none of us were bothered by being nude together. In the hot tub Mai was always outgoing and having a good time. She had a way with men, her outward innocence and sweetness drawing them to her, her demure glances, small gestures, graceful moves a subtle way of flirting, if indeed it was conscious on her part. When she spoke to you she was all big beautiful blue eyes over a killer smile, and when she listened it was usually with a slight tilt of her head, her eyes intently focused on yours, and she gave you the idea that for now you were the only person in her world. Some women resented the attention she was given, but Ginger seemed fine with it, enjoying Mai as much as Billie did. 

Billie was always the gentleman. When he wanted to cool down he'd sit on the edge of the tub, his long dark cock hanging between his thighs as the steam lifted from his muscular frame. Mai wouldn't stare, but when she'd glance back to answer him or speak to him, he'd smile. Or Mai would be sitting, and sometimes her leg would be up, her shaved lips showing. Billie's eyes never left Mai's, at least as far as I could determine.

Sometimes Billie or Mai would say or do something that would prompt Ginger and me to share a glance, usually with our eyes rolling or trying to cover a smile or suppress a laugh. Their interest in each other was obvious, to us if not to themselves. But I knew that Mai was certainly interested in Billie. 

Ginger and I had a much quieter relationship, not flirting exactly but knowing that we both would like to explore further. Our eyes often held a glance for that second longer than seemed necessary for the conversation we might be engaged in at the moment. She had a beautiful exotic face and a really gorgeous body, and I was fascinated with her opulent breasts, the large dark aureoles and fat nipples, always prominent. I was so hoping I'd get to lick and suck them. And I wanted to kiss and nibble on her lips, her mouth, have her ravish me. 

As for Billie and me, we had some mutual interests, so we enjoyed each other's company. We worked in different fields, so it was relaxing when we spent time together, watching sports on TV, with no shop talk, or listening to new music that he found. We'd had no reason to discuss our women, the relationships speaking for themselves. 

Mai and Ginger quickly became very good friends, with those things in common that count for a lot with some women. They'd go shopping together for shoes and clothes and cosmetics, meet for a quick lunch if they both had time. Being close enough in height and proportions, they'd try on each other's things, and traded clothes sometimes. They made a striking pair, the blonde bombshell sex kitten and the dark exotic tigress. Heads turned wherever they were. Each gorgeous in her own right, together they were every man's walking wet dream.

It's interesting that we waited so long to have sex, but the timing never seemed to work for all of us. And, we all were looking for friendship, more than just casual fucking. Being neighbors also made us think about the consequences.

One Sunday afternoon, about a month after our initial meeting with them, Billie and I returned from doing some "honey do" errands, stopped at their place, and he listened to the message on their answering machine. We walked across the small lawn between our apartments to our place. 

We came in to find them on the deck, topless, in bikini bottoms, enjoying drinks in the early spring sunshine. I noticed, though, that the dynamic between them was somehow different. Perhaps, I thought, it was due to being partially nude, but they both seemed comfortable, and we were usually nude in the Jacuzzi, so it had to be something else. Ginger greeted us with a big smile. "Just in time!" 

"Hey, Sugar, your office left a message for you to call, right away. Said it's urgent, about your trip." 

A startled look erased the bright smile, and Ginger looked to Mai, eyebrows raised. "Well, I hope it's not cancelled. This one is too important." She gathered her things. "Mai, I'll talk to you in a bit." They shared a smile and I thought I saw a conspiratorial look pass between them before Ginger left. 

Billie and I were watching football when the phone rang. Mai, the bare bottoms of her ass cheeks showing beneath a too short tee shirt, answered it, and I knew it was Ginger. Mai listened for a minute, her face going from a smile to a frown. "Ginger, that sooo totally sucks! Well, we'll have to wait then." She listened again, her face changing, her eyes widening. "Ginger, no, I couldn't do that! No!, let's wait. It'll be all right." Another pause. After a few seconds she said good bye and hung up. "Billie, Ginger needs you to come home. She has to talk to you about her trip." 

"You and Ginger have a good time while we were gone?", I asked later. 

"Oh, sure." And she began gently gnawing on her lower lip. Ah ha! 

"Anything interesting?" 

We lay on the bed, Mai facing me, up on one elbow, her cheek resting on her fist, those lovely breasts free now, her nipples plump and full, and she gave me that look, innocent but naughty. "Well, we had a drink and sat in the sun, and it was so warm we decided to be topless. We were getting undressed to lay on the deck and we brushed against each other, and the next thing, ..." I let her pause, to gather her thoughts, let her tell it in her own way. "...we were kissing! And then we stopped and looked at each other, and I felt, you know, guilty sort of, like we were doing something bad. You know I don't have sex with girls. But then we were kissing again, and I liked it! We both liked it, and then touching each other. It got me so wet! Honey, she's really hot!" I touched the wet spot at the juncture of her thighs and she smiled. "Uh huh, see what I mean?" She shivered slightly, her thighs tightening on my fingers as if to hold them there. 

I looked into her eyes. Mai knew I'd like this, but still she was looking for my approval. "Wow, Luscious, I'm really surprised. Impressed but surprised." She looked down, waiting. I lifted her beautiful face, kissed her full lips, brushed her long blonde hair from her forehead, kissed her eyelids. "And then?" She looked at me, her eyes wide. "Well, we were kissing and touching each other, but we didn't do anything more. But I wanted to! I really did want to!" 

"Well, I think what you did was pretty hot. You know I'd really love to see you with another woman, when you want to." Mai and I had had a few men in our bed, which was not unusual considering that we were in a threesome the first night we met, and it had been her first. When I'd seen that she liked someone we'd acted upon it a few times. I love to watch her having sex, either with someone or on those occasions when she masturbates. We'd had a few women with us as well, but Mai never did anything sexual with them, content to share me with them, so this was the first time she'd indicated an erotic interest in a woman. I was glad it was Ginger who'd triggered her interest, and I was hoping that it would lead to good times for us all. 

Mai told me that after kissing for several minutes they'd stopped, breathless, laughing in embarrassment as well as excitement, then started talking. Ginger told Mai that she was attracted to her, and they both admitted an attraction for each other's man. They quickly came to the conclusion that it would be very exciting if we could all have sex together. Ginger knew Billie was dying to get into Mai's panties. "Oh, he told me the first night we met you, and I told him it was okay with me, but I want to be in on it too." Mai admitted that the thought of having sex with Billie got her wet, and she told Ginger that we'd also discussed having sex with them the first night we'd met them. 

Ginger told Mai that she was bi, and that they'd had many play times with other women, and once with another single man. Ginger said they enjoyed the women but she and Billie both felt that another woman brought so much more to the scene for each of them than another male. A couple, however, would be perfect. 

They kissed more, nuzzled each other's breasts, and got as far as fingers massaging pussies outside the bikinis, but no more than that, knowing that if they didn't stop now they likely wouldn't be able to stop at all. So they were both very excited by the time Billie and I arrived. They giggled at how wet they'd gotten, but they decided that they'd wait for us to continue with them. So they stopped and lay basking in the weak spring sunshine, anxiously anticipating what would happen when we arrived, trying to plan what to say to us. Which is why Ginger greeted us with: "Ah, just in time." Their best laid plan was thwarted, though, by Ginger's office. Before they had a chance to talk with us Billie told Ginger about the call from her office, and off she went. 

As Mai was explaining this to me the phone rang, and I heard her talking to Ginger again. Mai was blushing, and when she hung up she said, "Ginger has to go on her trip today, right now, not tomorrow. She's so bummed, and so am I now." She pouted like a little girl again, not getting her way. I almost laughed, and I wanted to bite her outturned lower lip but I knew that would piss her off. 

"Oh, too bad." I tried to look sympathetic. 

"More than just too bad. We were really looking forward to something fun and special, but, ..." 

She looked me in the eyes, told me again that she and Ginger had waited so that we could join them. "You know, all of us, all together, tonight. If you and Billie wanted to." We agreed again that we both wanted to have sex with them. In fact, nearly every time we'd spent time with them we'd end up having sex later, talking about it as we fucked. "Ginger says it's really okay to go to bed with Billie tonight if I want to. She told him about this afternoon. She said we shouldn't wait, and we can all get together when she gets back. If we want to." I laughed, then seeing her eyes I got more serious. 
