 Ahh, the first time is always so sweet, so special, so exciting. You may have certain expectations but you don't know for sure what will actually happen. It may be a new person or a new experience. In this case it was both, and more. 

Mai was ready for this new experience. Something she'd fantasized about for quite a while, even before we met. She hadn't planned this but she was ready for it, and the timing was perfect. She'd experienced a bad breakup about six weeks before and had remained celibate until this evening (not counting masturbation, which she'd tried to keep to a minimum, with varying degrees of success depending upon the circumstances of the moment when the urge struck, and it struck often. Usually the urge won out and Mai succumbed to it.). 

Mai is a tall Nordic natural blonde, slender but statuesque, and she's very good looking. Long thick lustrous hair, with natural highlights of silver and pale auburn, a beautiful face with glacial blue sparkling eyes. Full lips that seem aching to be kissed. Pink tipped opulent breasts, gorgeous long curvy legs, and a full but perfectly shaped ass. She'd been a model before we met, and from the pictures I saw from her modeling days she looked to me to be a bit too thin, but she's gained a little weight in the right places, filling out her curves, and now she's voluptuous, luscious.

That's my nickname for her, "Luscious Lady", but usually simply Luscious. 

We met at a party. A friend and I had stopped in on his last night in town and we ran into Mai. In a mid-thigh red leather skirt, black strappy slingback high heels, black thigh highs with the lace tops just showing beneath the skirt's hem, a thin black ribbed silk tee that hugged her full breasts, her nipples soft but evident while showing her delectable cleavage. Fresh water pearls with matching earrings completed the picture, making her easily the best looking woman in the room. She was dancing with a guy I knew, Alan. He was a real pussy hound, always on the prowl, looking for a one night stand, a weekend fling at best, anything but a genuine relationship. The story was told that when he was still a preteen he'd walked in on his mother giving head to his uncle while his father was sleeping in the next room, so he wasn't one to trust women. 

As they walked toward the bar the blonde caught my eye, and I thought I saw the hint of a smile on her lovely lips. I pulled my friend, Keith, over to the bar and sat beside her. In casual tones so that Keith could hear me and perhaps the blonde as well if she was eavesdropping, I told him to get Alan's attention so that I could try to begin a conversation with her. I also mentioned that Alan wasn't someone I thought deserving of such a beautiful woman and that it wouldn't bother me if he got upset about her leaving him and joining us. 

Keith knew Alan so he moved around to sit beside him. "Hey, it's been quite awhile. How've you been?" Alan smiled, clearly happy to be seen with such a beauty by his side, another notch soon to be on his headboard, or so he thought. Keith then asked Alan how Mildred was performing. Mildred was Alan's car, an old Mercedes convertible, his one true love. 

As Alan began talking about Mildred the blonde looked to me, a smile definitely on those luscious lips now. "Oh, you are so bad! Is he really as horrible as you told your friend?" Her bright sapphire eyes crinkled as she laughed. 

Oh, she was too much! Her eyes held my attention, her smile was mesmerizing. For a moment I couldn't think of a thing to say, I was completely captivated by her beauty, her demure gaze. Then she licked her lips with the tip of her pink tongue. "And I suppose you're out to save all of us hapless ladies from the likes of your friend here?" I laughed, trying to get my mind back in gear. "Or", she continued, "you could be my Mr.Goodbar." 

I had to say something. "Why don't we dance, and we can talk more easily?" 

She glanced over to Alan, who was completely engrossed in talking about his car, totally ignorant of us as we walked away. "What about your friend you came in with? He seems nice." 

"Keith will keep an eye on us, which is more than you can say for your date. I can't believe it! He's not even aware you're gone." 

She laughed, slipped into my arms, both hands on my shoulders, her body just touching mine. It was difficult to think for a few seconds, but then I introduced myself. "I'm Lucky, and that's my friend Keith. He's leaving in the morning, so we thought we'd have a few drinks tonight." 

"I'm Mai, and I think I may be lucky as well. And by the way, he's not my date, he just asked me to dance, have a drink with him." She looked at me. "I like a guy who can think on his feet. And you're not a bad dancer, either." 

We talked until the music stopped, then stood there. "What now, Mr. Lucky?" It seemed that this was a good time to assert myself, so I took the chance. 

"Why don't we go somewhere else, and leave Alan to find a more suitable victim?" 

"Oh, did you think I was going to be his victim? Not likely. But he's sort of cute, and he's a better dancer than you are." Again, she looked into my eyes, waiting for my reaction. 

"You're not willing to be ignored, and Keith is the best dancer I know." 

"Ah, you are good on your feet. I think I can trust anyone with your sense of humor. Let's go." We walked to the door, and by the time I got to the car Keith was just a few steps behind us. He told me later that he stayed behind us to admire Mai's gorgeous legs and gently gyrating ass. 

"Alan thinks you went to the ladies room." 

Mai laughed again, and I was liking her laugh more and more. I introduced her to Keith and we piled into my car, me driving and Mai on Keith's lap beside me, her arms around his shoulders. "Thanks for the lift. I took a cab tonight. I don't get out much but when I do I like to be able to have a few drinks and not worry about driving." 

We decided on a place that had a nice game room, with pool tables and dart boards, good fast food and fairly priced drinks. "But no dancing on the pool tables!" That got another laugh from Mai, and a quizzical look from Keith. "It's a rule there", and she laughed again. 

We got something to eat, and all agreed that it might be fun to play pool for awhile. It seemed a good way to get to know each other. Mai played a passable game of pool, letting the cue glide through her thumb and finger, rather than slide over her thumb in a finger bridge, which was impressive, and she sank more shots than she missed. But when she leaned over the table she was a clear winner. Her legs were long and shapely, and her ass cheeks were showing above the tops of her thigh highs, with a hint of lace deeper in. The front view was just as rewarding, her opulent breasts nestled on the felt table top. 

Mai suggested we switch to darts. "It's more of a lady's game", although I've never heard of a woman champion dart shooter. Then I realized that it might be that she didn't want to be showing any more of her body to us, at least for awhile. I could see why she wanted to switch games for another reason. She was a very good dart shooter, with a steady hand and a deadly eye. "Oh, I bet you're letting me win", but she beat us every game. Not by much, but every game. Hmmm. 

"Put it this way", Keith said, "I wouldn't play against you for money, but I'd love to have you on my team in a tournament." Mai told us that she'd played first base on a softball team for a few years, and the teams shot darts after every game, and had dart tournaments in the off season. 

Around midnight I suggested that we could go to my place, have a few drinks, relax. Mai looked at me, and I thought for a moment that she was going to decline, but she smiled,. "Sure, that sounds like it would be nice. It's been a long week, so it'd be good to relax." 

She wandered around the living room, looking at the books, the music, selected one of my favorite CDs, a soft Brazilian guitar compilation, and when I returned with the drinks she and Keith were dancing slowly, Mai's high heels beside the sofa. "He is a good dancer, you're right." 

"Oh, so that's what the table dancing reference was about", and they laughed. The song ended and she beckoned to me. Keith went to the bookcase, picked out his favorite book, one by Tom Robbins, and as he always did when he visited me he opened it randomly and read a few paragraphs to himself. 

Mai fit easily against my body. Soft curves molded into me, firm thighs against mine. Her arms were again on my shoulders, her face nestled against my chest. "Umm, this is so nice. I feel like I've know you guys forever. How is that?" Since I didn't know I didn't answer. The one thing I did know was that the less I said the less chance I had of screwing this wonderful evening up. I did tell her how lovely she smelled, scents that I couldn't quite place, but very sensual. 

The song ended, and wordlessly we changed again. We did this a few times until Mai and I stayed there, swaying until the music resumed. "Keith, why don't you dance with me too." It wasn't a question, and she maintained her hold on me. Keith came to us, fit in behind Mai, his hands on her hips, and we swayed there, lost in the soft sounds of the softly pulsating music, the soft sound of Mai breathing, the soft lush feeling of her body between ours. 

"How do you want this to go, Mai?" 

"This is new for me, so I'm not sure yet, but I don't see why we should stop. But maybe it's uncomfortable for either of you?" Keith and I looked at each other, he shrugged, I smiled. 

"Let's go upstairs, see where it takes us, okay?" She took us each by a hand, walked to the stairway. We went up without a word, entered the bedroom. "Let me use the bathroom for a sec." Keith and I grinning at each other as we stood beside the bed. 

She was back in less than a minute, in the black silk tee, black silk lace girl shorts, no thigh highs. Again I was speechless, words trying to form in my mouth to tell her how beautiful she looked. As she looked to us she crossed her arms in front of her chest and pulled the tee up, and off, dropping it beside the bed. Her breasts were full, the pink tipped nipples pointing out and up, her belly smooth and flat. She looked even better than I'd imagined.

"Just to let you know, I've never done this before, and I don't usually go out with people I don't know. But you two are really nice, so I thought I'd take a chance. Not much of a chance, really, since the bartender knows me and he knows we left together. But I trust you." She walked to the bed, stood between us, looking from one of us to the other. "How do we do this? As I said, ..." 

In an attempt to make us all more comfortable I sat on the bed, looking at them. "I think I'll get undressed while you two decide what you want to do." And I undressed, quickly, throwing my clothes to the floor at the foot of the bed. When I looked back at them they were kissing as Mai's fingers worked at the buttons of Keith's shirt, his hands holding her ass. I moved further onto the bed to give them room, and in another minute Keith was naked and Mai pulled him onto the bed. 

Sitting beside me, Keith on the other side of her, Mai looked at me, smiling shyly. She looked so demure, which only added to her sexiness. "Thanks, that was what I needed. It's okay now", and she leaned to me, kissed me, her ripe breasts brushing across my chest, her hard nipple grazing mine for a second. I heard a moan, hers or mine, or both, I don't know, but in another second her hand was moving down my stomach, her fingers getting closer to my pubic hair. The taste of her tongue in my mouth was so sweet, so electrifying, so intense. 

And then she was gone. I opened my eyes to see her kissing Keith, her fingernails in his pubic hair at the base of his rigid cock. I pulled myself up, held her shoulders as I kissed the back of her neck, her thick blonde hair fragrant against my lips. She brushed her hair aside, bent her head, whispering, to one of us, or to both Keith and me. "Oh, that's nice. I love that. It feels so good." As she moved to kiss one of us the other would continue to caress her, kissing her breasts, her neck, her tanned shoulders. Her eyes went from being wide with wonder to half closed in ecstasy, her breathing from quick gasps to slow sensual moans. Her tongue was soft and sweet. 

Mai's hand finally encompassed my cock. My hand covered hers and I moved it up slowly, then down again, and she continued, stroking slowly as Keith cupped her breasts from behind her, his lips and tongue along her neck, behind her ear. "Oh", she groaned, "I'm really loving this. I haven't had sex for almost two months, so I'm telling you now, I am sooo ready!" 

This admission really took me back, and although I didn't want to break the spell of eroticism that cloaked us I had to ask. "My ex brought home a skanky slut for a threesome, and when I refused he basically gave me an ultimatum. I left that instant, and haven't seen him since. And I haven't had sex, not for lack of interesting partners but because I didn't want to have angry sex. I need warm caring sex, or no sex. This is warm and caring, you guys are so nice." 

Keith and I hugged her, murmuring to her that we understood, cared about her, wanted to make her feel better. Mai sighed. "I haven't felt this comfortable with a man since I can't remember. This is how sex should feel, at least for me." She kissed us both, warm sensual kisses. "And it's turning out to be twice as good as I could ever hope."

Keith and I looked at each other. "Mai, we didn't know, and we had no idea this might happen when we met you, we just wanted to get next to the most beautiful woman we've seen in a long time. So if you want to stop now ..."

"I don't think I could stop now if I wanted to. For the first time since I walked out I feel like a beautiful desirable woman." She lay back, her blonde mane of hair framing her lovely face. "Please, make me feel good. I want this to be the most wondrous night of my life, something to remember with a smile for the rest of my life." 

Keith and I began kissing Mai, covering her face from her eyes to her mouth, going to her neck and shoulders, and soon I was lost in the smell of her fragrance, the softness of her smooth skin on my lips, the taste of her perspiration on my tongue. Keith was forgotten, Mai was everything. 

It was as though time slowed. Her hips floated up to meet my tongue on her smooth belly. My fingers slipped beneath her panties and her hands were there to assist me in moving them down her smooth silky thighs. She sat up, pulled them off, threw them off the bed, and lay between us again. Keith knelt beside her, his cock throbbing for her attention, and Mai beckoned to him, her pink tongue reached to him, both of them moaning as the electric connection was made. 

Fascinated by the erotic scene, I watched as she slipped her lips over the swollen head of my friend's trembling cock, her body trembling as well. My tongue began its search for her hidden treasures, the sweet scent of her secretions guiding the way. Licking along her lightly tanned thigh, I moved down rather than up, my hand moving her knee up so I could kiss behind it, then moving her leg over my shoulder, my tongue now on the sensitive flesh of her inner thigh. My hands caressed her long legs, down to her soft toes, up to the juncture where my tongue ached to touch and taste. As lightly as possible I licked and kissed upward, her soft moans sweet music now, accompanied by Keith's louder groans as Mai's humming sent waves of pleasurable sensation through his cock, now tightly enclosed by those luscious lips. 

Her other lips now sought my attention, her hips moving in a slow rocking motion as my tongue gradually inched closer to the ultimate target. Her lips were soft, salty sweet, and when my tongue first tasted them she moaned more loudly, her fingers digging into my shoulder. Feather touches, soft warm breaths, fingertips on those soft pink butterfly wings, damp and silky, and Mai responded with moans of pleasure, moving her naked slit to my lips. She was insistent now, her mound pressed against my mouth. 

One finger nestled at the entrance to her cunt, now covered with her pussy juices mingled with my saliva. Mai moved her hips in an effort to take the teasing digit into her pussy, groaned as I pulled it away. She released Keith's engorged cock, making him groan as well. She pulled my face from her dripping pinkness, looked pleadingly into my eyes, her face showing only lust. 

"Please, I'm close, my puss is so wet. Let me cum now, please. You can take your time on the next one, and the ones after that, but please, make me cum now!" 

My finger returned to her slit, slid in slowly, searching for her g-spot on the roof of her tight chamber, and when she gasped I knew I'd found it. I pushed in a second finger. I fucked her with my two middle fingers as she stroked Keith's cock, watching me through nearly closed eyelids, a slight smile now curving her lips. "Oh, yeah, like that, yeah." She was so wet that my fingers sliding in and out of her pussy were causing that beautiful squishy sound. "Oh, that's how wet I am, it sounds like, I don't know, oh, I've never been this wet before." 

"Sounds like a soaking pussy to me. You're really dripping here. I love it. You're so erotic!" 

My lips smothered her flowery petals, engulfing her pussy completely, and when my tongue touched her clit her body rose from the bed, her legs strained, heels and shoulders balancing her body. I sucked her clit and the waves overtook her, sending her spiraling into her personal abyss. Both her hands held my head, pulling me tightly against her pussy for several minutes, holding my tongue to her clit, my fingers still inside her, wriggling deeper into her cunt, her hips pushing forward, upward, until slowly she began to release me, let my head free, let my fingers loose. She fell back to the bed, her arms flopping to her sides, a long hissing groan escaping from her throat. It was the first sound she'd made since her orgasm began. Her breathing was deep and rasping. 

Keith was the first to speak. "Man, Mai, that was so incredible! I'll never see anything like that again." He gently kissed her, his fingertips trailing across her hard nipple. Mai shivered, took a deep breath, sighed, her eyelids fluttering, her body trembling in aftershocks. 

"Mai, were you serious about having more orgasms? I mean, if you'd like to relax now, take a breather, we could wait." Although a breather was the last thing Keith or I had in mind. "Just so we know what's okay right now." 

In response Mai opened her eyes, smiled, and gripped Keith's cock again. "Why don't you see if you can send me there again," and she licked the length of his shaft, from beneath the crown to his balls. As she licked the tender sack, one hand stroking him, I knelt between her thighs, placed the head of my cock against her slippery slit, rubbing against the slick lips. "Umm, that's a wonderful start. Tease me, but not too much." I held my cock to her, tapping against her clit, making her gasp each time the head hit her tiny button. "Umm, that's ... umm!", and she grabbed her breast, pinching her nipple. I pinched both her nipples, pulling them, rolling them in my fingers. 

Pushing forward slowly, I watched Mai kiss the head of Keith's swollen cock. She moaned as I penetrated her wet walls. Once completely in I hesitated, letting her feel the fullness, feeling her cunt contracting around my cock. Moaning, she slid her lips over Keith's cock, past the ridge, down the shaft, until her lips were at his pubic hair. He and I remained still, letting her revel in being filled with our cocks. My hands were on her breasts as Keith caressed her beautiful face. 
