 Leanne lays in bed wondering what she has gotten herself into. She thinks back to the time her husband left her so many years ago. She still hears from him now and then, but he remains gone. She has hung on to the hope he will return until recently. Leanne finally decided she needed to move on with her life, she has been alone for 7 years. She has raised the kids and sacrificed all her time to making sure they never wanted for anything in her power to give. 

Now she has started to talk with others on her computer. She has met several nice people online and has made several new friends. Leanne never realized there were so many different lifestyles out there in the world. She had been tucked away from so much while she was waiting on the return of her husband.

Leanne had started talking to a man online she knew as Dreamaker in chat. They had become fast friends. He had swept her off her feet with sweetness that is only known in fantasies. He had charmed her beyond anything she had known in years. Her heart was willing to reach out for him, but only one thing stood in the way. Dreamaker was married and was trying to tell her it was alright because his wife and him had an open marriage. She had never thought of such a thing as being possible. Then she finally got to talk to his wife," Katfancy" and she had told her it was true. They had been in an open marriage for awhile and it had added a lot to their passion throughout the years.

Leanne tells Kat that she didn't think she could ever let another woman touch her in a sexual manner. To which Kat replies she enjoys watching her husband satisfy a lover then having him to herself afterwards. With that in mind Leanne starts to flirt more with Dreamaker. As time goes on they decide they need to meet. They set it to happen on a weekend when she can get away from home and join them at their home. Leanne is nervous as the weekend approaches. It has been so long since she has been with a man she isn't sure how she will react. 

When she arrives at their home she is greeted at the door by Kat who ushers her in and makes her feel right at home. There is an open bottle of wine chilling on the coffee table and three glasses. Just then Dreamaker walks out from another room and is greeted by the sight of two beautiful women in his house. Dreamakers mind instantly goes to the evenings enjoyment. 

He walks over to me and gives me the hug he has been describing online since we started talking. Wrapping his strong arms around me and pulling me into his body. As he looks into my eyes he tells me" I am as beautiful as he had imagined from the pictures and how I described myself." With that said he softly kisses me causing little shocks to go thru my body as our lips touch. He only kisses me lightly this time as he pulls away and hugs and kisses Kat also. We all sit and talk and get comfortable with being together. We have decided that this is not just going to be a one time fling and we are going to be friends as well as lovers.

The wine helps ease my mind as to the fact that there is three of us in the room. When the wine is about three quarters gone and we had been talking for about two hours, Tim (that is dreamakers name) ask me "would you like to dance." 

To which I respond "yes but it has been some time since I have done so."

He puts on some slow soft rock so that we can dance in each others arms. As I feel myself softly gliding around the room in his embrace. Our bodies swaying with the music and his hand travels gently down my back till it stops on my ass. He softly kneads the flesh under his fingers as he whispers in my ear " he wants to take me to the bedroom and make love to me." 

With that he leads me as we dance toward the door he had come out of earlier. As we get there I turn and see Kat wink and motion for us to go on. He leads me into their bedroom and it is fantastic. There is a king sized canopy bed in the middle of one wall and on one other wall is a loveseat. The room is lit with candles and two very dim lamps just enough to see what is there. With his arms still around me from dancing he starts to slowly lean in towards me and kiss me. His lips again touching mine only this time I can feel the fire that flows from him. He gently nips at my lower lip as we kiss and my tongue comes out slightly and he swirls his tongue around mine. They dance in a passion all their own as they touch and try to intertwine. My body melting into his as the kiss starts to burn inside me. 

My hands move over his back up over his shoulders as I try to take his shirt off. I want to feel his bare chest it has been to long. His hands are softly working on removing my blouse as I peel his shirt off and see that he wasn't kidding when he said he had a hairy chest. My goodness I do love a hairy chest. While I am looking at his chest, he slips my blouse the rest of the way off. He draws in a sharp breath as he gazes at my breast. They are not huge but are still enough to catch the attention of a man. They slightly drop a little lower then when I was young but they are still firm enough to point at my lover. With that in mind he finally unsnaps my bra and sets my breast free for his eyes to feast on. A small moan slips out of him as he touches them for the first time. His fingers start to touch in small circles around my breast starting at the outside working in toward the nipples . His mouth closes over mine again as we kiss more and he feels his way along the bottom of my breast cupping them, his thumb lightly touching my nipples causing me to suck in my breath this time. My hands working on his belt buckle as I try to undo it. My fingers are trembling it has been so long since I felt this way. 

His hands leave my breast and slowly work down my body till they are at my jeans. His fingers deftly undoing them and starting to slip them over my hips. I feel them slide down my body and step out of them. Then I concentrate on removing his jeans. His belt buckle out of the way. I easily unbutton and unzip them and slide them off his body. As I do his manhood springs free he isn't wearing any underwear. I hear myself growl i am not sure where that came from but I did growl deep in my throat.. I reach out and grab his manhood gently in my hands. Softly touching it as I feel it twitch at my touch. 

He says " I have told you I wanted you for sometime now" With that I feel him pushing me back toward the bed. As I lay down on the bed he removes my panties leaving me naked for him to view at his leisure. But he is not going to look long I can tell by the look in his eyes he is more interested in touching. I feel a slight breeze as the door shuts and kat enters. She moves over to the love seat and lays out across it and turns to us to watch. With that Tim moves along side of me and our bodies touch all the way down each others. His lips going to my neck as he starts to lick and kiss along it and slowly go to my ear. Sucking my ear lobe into his mouth and biting gently on it. I feel the slow fire inside of me burning even hotter. He licks along the outside of my ear causing me to shudder almost like a cold chill running thru me. His hand playfully tickling around my tummy. Teasing me with his touch. 

As he slips along the front of my throat licking and biting, he starts down over top of my breast all the way across my body teasing me as he nips at my skin along the top of my breast. His hand now on my thigh as I start to shudder more. He cups my one breast in his other hand as he licks inward toward my nipple. I feel his breathe as he closes in on the nipple and I feel it harden more as he wraps his lips around it. His tongue gliding across the tip of my nipple causing a shock to run from there to the pit of my stomach. I try to reach for his cock and he breaks away from my nipple long enough to say "no this is your evening and enjoy."

With that said he reaches for the other nipple and takes it in his mouth as his hand moves up my thigh to my mound. His fingers touching across the top of my mound starting down over the toward the lips. I hear him chuckle and ask him why? He pulls back and says" I am used to no hair on a mound and even though it is neat and trimmed it feels different but nice."

His fingers now touching along the outside of my lips teasing as they work down. I thrust my pelvis up toward his hand. I need to feel the touch deeper inside me then he is giving me. Doesn't he understand the need in me after all this time without? As if he hears my thoughts he dips his finger inside my lips and touches me. He slowly pushes one finger into me a little at a time drawing the moisture out with each stroke causing me to become slick. Finally his finger is deep within me and he starts to stroke fully in and out as he also licks and chews on my breast. My breath is starting to come faster and I can feel the burning starting to take over my body. I have only known my own touch for so long it is great to feel someone else bringing me to orgasm. It is happening so fast it seems my mind and my body responding to his touch as if it has known it forever. I look over as I start to orgasm and see Kat has removed her clothes and is pinching her nipples as she watches. Knowing it is turning her on too pushes me over the top harder then I have felt in a long time.. My body quivers and thrust up toward his hand as I feel him slip two fingers in and bite down on my nipple harder. He slows down on his finger stroking as my orgasm subsides. 

He comes up and kisses me again and says "you have only begun to enjoy this evening darlin."

With that I hear Kat laugh and she says "you better hang on when he is like this you are in for it."

He slides down my body till his breath can be felt across my pubic hair. He looks up over my tummy and says" you have had your first to ease the strain of being without now I will tease you the way I like." 

He slowly licks down along the outside of my lips touching them and my thigh at the same time. His tongue spread wide as he licks lower. When he gets to the bottom of my lips he slowly wiggles his tongue across to the other side and starts up toward my mound again. My mind racing with thoughts of pleasure and anticipation of where he is going with that wonderful tongue. He softly licks down the center of my lips slightly penetrating inside them till his tongue is at the cheeks of my ass. He pushes my legs up even higher so that I open up more to him feeling him lick right along the skin between my pussy and ass. "God he is such a tease", I hear myself think. As I look over Kat has her legs spread and she is running a small viberater along her clit. She has her eyes glued to us as she plays. Feeling her eyes on me makes my nipples harden even more. Tim's tongue slips up again and I feel it slide around my clit encircling it. His fingers pulling my lips apart as he reaches around my legs. My clit is hard and starting to throb from the licking it is getting. He has it exposed and open to his every wish. His tongue flicking over it rapidly making it bounce every time he does. Then he dips down and buries it in my pussy lapping at my juices and moaning about how good they taste to him. His tongue reaching up inside me as far as it can. Trying to touch my very center it feels like. Then as fast as he was there he is back to my clit sucking it up in his mouth and squeezing it between his lips. Causing it to throb even more as I start to feel another orgasm creeping out inside me. I feel the heat from my very being slowly coming to the surface of my body. Radiating from my head to my toes. I can hear my self start to moan as I get closer. Then just as I am ready to go over he pulls back and says "not yet baby." And I feel him blow lightly over my clit sending shivers down my spine.

He slowly starts to lick again after my body calms a little. This time slipping two fingers inside me at the same time. He strokes those fingers into me as he licks my clit. His one hand still holding me open for easier access for his tongue. He slips one finger tip across the top of my clit as he licks the bottom of it . Pushing it harder into my tongue. I feel his fingers curl up and he finds my g-spot with his finger tips. My mind bursting into pleasure. I look over and Kat now has her toy stroking in and out slowly as she rubs her clit with the other hand. Her eyes glazed over in passion as she stares at us. God, I am going to go again ,I feel it deep inside as it comes over me and bursts like a dam. I am cumming again as he licks and finger fucks me. The juices I feel them actually shoot out around his fingers. The orgasm is so intense I hear Kat over there as she screams out she is cumming too . It is so sensual to know that my having an orgasm helped push her into hers. 

As our body slow down from the pleasure Tim looks up and says "would y'all like something to drink and take a break to catch your breathe?"

With that he gets up and when he returns he has the rest of the wine and our glasses. We all sit on the bed and drink and talk as our bodies slowly stop shivering from the pleasure they have just felt. As we sit and talk Tim runs his fingers along my back and plays with the small of my back and tickles me. He starts to get a little more playful and Kat returns to the loveseat. 

Tim softly lowers me back onto the bed as he kisses me urgently. I can feel his need as his hand runs down my body till it is over my mound again. I feel his cock as it hardens up against my leg. His mouth devouring mine as his fingers work inside me again. The juices from the other orgasms still remaining there to help in his stroking me. Kat has her fingers sliding over her clit already as I look over at her. She has that same hungry look in her eyes that I see in Tim. My body is starting to respond already as he rubs my clit with two fingers. One on each side of it and squeezing it between them as he does. I can feel him start to slowly grind against my leg as his need increases.

I say to Tim "please make love to me now."

With that He raises my legs and slips between them. He slowly slides the head along the inside of my lips as he works my juices onto him. When he thinks it is enough he gently slips the head in. My body tenses as he enters me it has been along time since a real cock has been in there. Tim is not built huge he is only about 6 inches long but he is thick about three inches across. As he starts to stroke slowly into me I feel myself stretching to allow him to fit. My God, I can feel every bit of him as he slips in. It feels like I am being stretched to the limit. It feels so good as he hovers over me staring down into my eyes as he gently buries all of himself into me and his balls bump my ass. 

I look over at Kat and ask her "how do you share this and not be selfish?"

She is too far gone to answer at this point she has three fingers buried up inside her and her toy running on her clit. Her eyes are closed and she is starting to thrash around on the loveseat. I can tell that she is going into another good orgasm as she starts to let out a moan that almost sounds like a purr of a big cat. With that Tim pulls back and almost out and then sinks quickly back in. Causing me to come back to him and not concentrate so much on Kat's orgasm. I have never really watched another woman have an orgasm and it is amazing to watch. I can see now why men love to watch us. The feelings are starting to take over my body now I can't watch her anymore, I have to give into what is happening with me. Tim is going faster now as he drives into me. The juices are flowing and allowing him to speed up. I can hear the slap of his balls against my ass every time he thrust in. The feeling slowly building in me as we continue to make love in front of his wife. 

I want to ride him now, I want to be in control. So I flip him over and he is now on his back at my mercy. I never let him slip out when we changed sides and now it is my turn to tease him a little. As I raise up till he almost slips out then fall back down with all my body impaling myself on his cock. This time it is his body that shudders and he moans as our pelvic bones rub together. His cock rubbing right against my clit every time I go back down. I can feel his cock starting to expand as he gets closer to cumming. I pump up and down on him faster, feeling like he is splitting me in two with his thickness. I hear him start to moan and can feel him thrusting up toward me as i raise off him every time. Not wanting to have his cock out of the soft wet vise that is surrounding it. The walls of my pussy feel every inch of him as he is swelling up getting closer to cumming. 

Then just as his body starts to shake and spasm I pull up till just the head is in and tell him "not yet I am not done with you yet darlin."

He lets out a moan and his poor body shakes and shivers as he slowly calms down. And I hear Kat chuckle as he gets a taste of his own medicine. She walks over and pats him on the head and says " Well baby, how does it feel to be teased?"

With that she catches me off guard as she pinches me on my nipple and walks away. By now I have settled down on Tim's cock and started to roll my hips and grind myself against him. Feeling that burning inside me increase as I know I am close again from grinding my clit into him. I start to pull almost off and then slam down on him as I go faster and faster on him hearing him moan as he enjoys the sensations going thru his mind and body too. All of a sudden he reaches out and pulls my legs forward causing me to sink down on him as my legs come out over his body and he grabs me by the back of the knees. He starts to rock me as I am squarely on top of him and he is in as far as he can go. He rocks me back and forth faster as I feel him expand. His head swelling even bigger it is touching me deep inside. My orgasm cascading over me as I feel him shoot off and spray the deepest recesses of my pussy. He just keeps rocking me on top of him as my body and his meet in a pivot point. We slow down as our orgasms cease and I pull my legs back behind me and lay my sweaty body out over his. Feeling his cock soften slowly as it slips from my grip. 

We both look over and Kat is softly stroking herself with a contented look and it sounds like she is purring. With us being spent and done for now Kat comes over to the bed and lays beside us as I am still on top of Tim. He rolls me over and snuggles into me as Kat covers us all up and we fall asleep in each others arms. Contented and happy. 

As I started to stir the next morning I realize that Tim and Kat were already awake. They are in an embrace his head buried in her breasts as he was kissing right between them. They didn't see me wake so I just watch to see what they will do. Her fingers running thru his hair as he starts to lick and kiss on one of her nipples. That tongue I remember so well from last night slowly covering her nipple and then flicking back into his mouth. She pulls him in tighter to her and he opens his mouth and takes as much of her breast into it as he can. A small moan escapes her mouth as I see him bite down on her nipple. She arches her back and pushes up at him shoving her breast in the air. His hand has trailed down till it is resting on her mound. I see her part her legs slightly to allow him better access to the treasures there. I can feel my nipples hardening as I watch their lovemaking progress. 

My fingers slowly tracing circles around my nipples before I even realize I am doing it. Now I realize why Kat likes to watch at times. It is erotic in its own way. Trying to stay quiet so they don't notice I'm awake I watch as I play, biting my lip to keep from making any noise. Tim slowly starts to work his fingers thru her lips stroking lightly on her clit. And he moves across to her other breast, licking leaving a wet trail I can see as he does. He does this so slow as he goes thru her cleavage and up over the swell of her breast till he tops out on her nipple. Kats legs parted more now as he is working two fingers into her as his palm rubs on her clit. My one hand going down to my pussy starting to touch softly above my clit not going inside to it yet, rubbing it thru the lips. The other still playing with my nipple starting to twist it a little harder. She is moaning louder now. He is pushing his fingers into her harder now, and I can see him biting and pulling on her nipple as he does.Her breast is stretching upward as he pulls with his teeth. 
