 A huge thanks to my editor Cheer_Smartie526 for helping with this. It's kind of a long story that starts off slow, but picks up towards the end. Hopefully my limited knowledge of sailing ( and the resulting technical errors ) won't be too much of a distraction. As always, please rate and comment on the story, even if it is just to teach me about sailboats. 

*

The kayak bobbed up and down on the lake as Rhonda adjusted her life jacket, "I don't know why I have to wear this, I'm pretty buoyant."

"Yea, I'd say you have a set of PF double D's" Lynn replied with a laugh. 

Watching her friend struggle to get her large breasts tucked into the life vest was almost comical. It was a problem she did not have. In contrast her thin muscular frame made the foam filled vest essential, if she went overboard she would sink straight to the bottom unless she worked vigorously to keep her head above water.

"There... finally," Rhonda said, breathing a sigh of relief. The lake patrol strictly enforced the rule on wearing PFDs after a series of drownings earlier in the year. She looked back towards the shore and laughed.

"What a noob," she said, pointing to a man clearly struggling to raise the sail on his small sailboat.

"At least he's not compensating from something with a hundred horsepower jetski."

"That's true, it takes a special kind of confidence to get on the lake with a sailboat, especially one with a pink sail. He's either gay or very confident in his masculinity."

"I saw him trying to back down the boat ramp when we put in, I think he's a himbo, at least as far as sailing goes. Still he looks kinda yummy, one of those guys you want to sleep with just so you can brag about it." Lynn said.

"He is kind of cute, probably pretty full of himself... oh, oh, oh crap, he's going over," Rhonda replied. A sudden gust of wind had caught the sail and before inexperienced sailor could react the entire boat rolled over.

Rhonda picked up her paddle, "Let's go help him out and hope he's not an asshole about getting help from women."

"Okay, but why are you doing it the hard way?"

"Shit, forgot," Rhonda said, setting her paddle back in its holder and putting her feet on to the pedal drive. The device was an expensive addition to the kayak, but was much more efficient than paddling by hand. She pressed down with her legs and the boat cut through the waves at an impressive speed for something without a motor. In less than two minutes they had pulled alongside the capsized vessel.

"Ahoy, you want some help?" Rhonda called out.

"Hi," Troy responded. He turned to see two women in a red Kayak. They were a mutt and Jeff duo, the one in the front of the boat was thin and lanky with blonde hair, fair skin and friendly smile. The woman in the back seat was much curvier with tan skin and black hair. She flashed an impish grin.

"Is this a new boat?" The larger woman asked.

"New to me, I got it off Craig's list. Hobie 14 footer, and as you can probably tell I've never done this before. I read some stuff on the internet, seemed pretty easy. Turns out it's not."

"Well, if getting help from a couple girls doesn't crush your fragile male ego we can get you righted and show you the ropes," Rhonda said.

"If I didn't run my ego over trying to get down the boat ramp then it went down when the boat tipped over. I'm Troy, please excuse me for not standing up to greet you."

"I'm going to get the sail down," Lynn said as she slipped out of her life jacket and jumped into the water, quickly disappearing below the waves. The water was clear enough that both Troy and Rhonda could see her swim under the sailboat and lower the sail.

"It's a good thing she came today, I can't go that deep... the twins don't like going under," Rhonda said, "But Lynn has no trouble going down and staying down. She's pretty good with her hands, should be done in a few minutes."

"Thanks again for the help," Troy said. 

He had hoped the boat would be a way to meet women, but this is not what he expected. And these women were not exactly the ones he planned on meeting. While he didn't plan on attracting the women from the Sports Illustrated swimsuit edition, he didn't expect the likes of his rescuers. They were both reasonably attractive and seemed genuinely friendly, but not quite the caliber of companion he had hoped for.

"You want some lessons?" Rhonda asked, encouraged by his attitude. He wasn't the asshole she thought he would be.

"You know how to sail?" Troy asked.

"Yea, you could say that. I used to teach it at summer camp; we used boats just like yours."

"Then I'd be a fool to turn that offer down."

Lynn gasped for breath when she surfaced. She had been down for just over three minutes, well short of her five minute personal best, but taking the sail down had been a lot more work than just floating motionless. She did have the presence of mind to surface right in front of their new friend.

"Hi, I'm Lynn." She said with a smile. The guy was cute, and probably out of her league. She turned to Rhonda, "The sail is taken care of, but I don't think I can flip it."

"You two grab the kayak, I've got this," Rhonda said as she rolled off the side and entered the water with a splash. She swam over to the sailboat and climbed on to one of the pontoons, grabbing the rope that Lynn had left for her. She wrapped the line around her arm and started to lean back.

"I'm Troy," he said, as he floated next to Lynn and watched Rhonda right his sailboat, "and thanks for helping me. I feel like such an idiot."

"We all started out like this, the first time I had to flip a boat it wasn't pretty. I don't have much junk in my trunk, so getting it up was quite a struggle."

"Do you come here often?" Troy asked, realizing too late that what he said sounded like a pathetic pickup line.

"Yea, today we are headed over to the east bay today," she replied. What she didn't say was they were headed there to celebrate national nude day. Technically it wasn't against the law to be naked on the lake, but the rumor was the lake patrol frowned on it. The patrol rarely made it to the east bay, so going there meant not getting hassled. She glanced over at Rhonda to see how everything was progressing.

At first the sailboat refused to move, but Rhonda started rocking back and forth and soon the opposite pontoon started to lift out of the water. Once it cleared the surface the process accelerated. Troy was impressed by how quickly and gracefully the large woman moved. She balanced on the moving surface until the boat's center of gravity was past the point of no return, then dove into the water and let the boat right itself. She pulled her body out of the water and sat in the center of the boat on the mesh that stretched between the two pontoons, then waved them over.

Lynn stayed in the water long enough to watch Troy haul his body onto the sailboat, admiring his firm ass. She tied the kayak up and followed him onto the boat.

"If you want some pointers we can show you the basics," Rhonda offered, noticing Lynn's approving nod.

"I would really appreciate that," he replied.

"Great, I really enjoy seaman....I mean seamanship," Rhonda said.

Lynn tied the kayak up to be towed as Rhonda re rigged the sail and looked around to see what she had to work with. "Do you have the trapeze?"

"A what?" Troy asked.

"Okay, let's cover the basics," Rhonda said. She began to point at different parts of the boat, "The mast is the big pole in the center, the floaty things are called hulls or pontoons, we are sitting on the deck, but on a this boat it is called a trampoline..."

"For obvious reasons," Lynn interjected, bouncing up and down on the tightly stretched mesh surface.

Rhonda continued her lesson, pleased that Troy seemed to be listening, " You steer with the rudders and and that big wet thing is the sail. The trapeze looks like swing, sound familiar?"

"I think so, I have this," Troy answered, holding up a patch of fabric with some ropes attached.

"That's it, let's set sail," Rhonda said, taking it from him and attaching it to the rigging.

"Let's cover the most important thing first," Lynn said, "Stopping."

Troy watched intently as the two women raised the sail. Once the boat picked up some speed they showed how to release the sail and turn the boat to slow it down. After watching a few times he took control of the sail. The first time the boat almost capsized again. Lynn practically jumped into his lap to adjust the sails and keep the boat level.

"Okay, now come back here and I will show you how I handle the stick," Rhonda said as she ran her hand along the tiller. She had unfastened her PFD to allow her to move comfortably around the boat, although she also used it as an opportunity to show off her ample cleavage. She instructed Troy to sit close to the rudder and hold the tiller with one hand, keeping the other free to control the sails.

"I think he's got it," Rhonda observed.

"Why don't you show him what this thing can do," Lynn suggested.

"Okay, you two handle the tiller, I'm going to set up the trapeze," Rhonda replied.

Lynn sat down on the opposite side of the tiller from Troy, "If the pontoon on your side gets more than eight inches out of the water you need to move to the edge of the boat."

"Aye captain," Troy replied. He liked Lynn's no nonsense attitude.

The boat turned downwind and Rhonda adjusted the sail. Their speed increased and the upwind hull began to rise out of the water. Troy started to move, but Lynn put her hand on his leg and stopped him. 

"That's not eight inches... believe me, I know what eight inches looks like." Lynn looked at the bulge in Troy's swimsuit and said under her breath," And I sure hope I find out what eight inches feels like."

The boat's speed increased and Rhonda started to lean out over the side, suspended by the trapeze. The hull sliced through the water, continuing to increase and the hull continued to rise.

"Okay, that's about right," Lynn said, lifting her hand, "get over to the side."

Gripping the edge tightly, Troy perched on the side of the boat. Rhonda adjusted the sail again and they started to go even faster. The spray from the pontoons splashed against Troy's face as they rocketed across the lake's surface.

"I had no idea a sailboat could go this fast," he shouted.

"I like it fast," Rhonda replied glibly.

"Hang on, we're headed for some chop," Lynn advised, noticing they were about to hit the wake of a large motorboat.

The shock of hitting the swells almost tossed Troy overboard. He tightened his grip and grinned as he watched Rhonda's big tits bounce each time they crashed through another wave. When the boat cleared the swells it picked up speed again.

"That's it," Rhonda shouted, "We're in the pipe, five by five." 

As the opposite shore loomed into view she adjusted the sail and the boat slowed.

"Come back over here," Lynn called, waving to Troy. He moved back to his original position next to her.

"Can you show me where you were headed?" Troy asked as he steered the boat back toward the middle of the lake...

"Sure, but when we get close you better let me drive," Rhonda said, putting away the trapeze.

"I'm still that bad?" he asked.

"No, it's a tricky part of the lake. The story is there was an error on the survey when they built the dam that created this lake. That part was supposed to be about ten feet lower than it is, to the water is really shallow.. The nice thing is no power boats get in, they are afraid of nicking the prop on a rock."

"That's bad?" Troy asked, revealing his ignorance.

"Yea, it's big bucks to fix that."

"Why don't they just make it deeper?" he asked.

"By the time they realized the mistake, some endangered fish had moved in, so they can't blast the rocks out. It actually turned out pretty well, there's plenty of lake for the speed boats, and that part of the lake is popular with the fly fisherman and non-motorized boat."

"The best part is there are lots of hidden coves," Lynn added, smiling coyly.

There was no mistaking the feeling of Rhonda's breast pressed against his back. She was an excellent instructor even if she was pushing past the limits of his personal space. Lynn was lying on the trampoline, dragging her hands in the water. Troy found himself looking at her bony ass over and over. The more time he spent with them the more attractive the two women became. Troy felt a bit guilty; if he had been sitting around with his buddies drinking beer and seen Rhonda and Lynn walk by there would have been no shortage of snide remarks directed their way. He rationalized he would be one of the lesser offenders, but he was pretty certain a couple of his drinking buddies would have been quite rude. Right now he was thinking it would have been their loss, but he had no idea how right he was.

"Ready to take the helm?" Rhonda asked.

"I have the conn," he replied.

"Very well number two," Rhonda countered in her best Jean Luc Picard voice.

Holding the tiller steady Troy watched her crawl across the trampoline and lie down next to Lynn. Rhonda was whispering something to her friend, but between the wind in his face and the steady beat of the waves on the twin hulls he could not make out what it was.

"He's cute," Rhonda said.

"Yea, he is a bit of eye candy," she replied.

"Should we invite him to join in the celebration?"

Lynn grimaced, "You really think he would be interested?"

"Maybe."

"I suppose we could give him some incentive," Lynn said, stroking Rhonda' hair.

"I don't know, I mean, that would be kind of weird."

"Chicken." Lynn said.

They had been friends long enough that they knew how to push each other's buttons. Rhonda almost never backed down from a dare, and Lynn knew it. Rhonda nodded slightly, and Lynn leaned forward until their lips met. It was a brief kiss. Lynn casually looked towards the stern and was rewarded with Troy's wide eyed stare.

In a matter of seconds the two women went from marginally attractive to pretty hot. Troy knew he had seen lesbians before, mostly without even realizing it. There were the fake ones in porn video, the obnoxious ones at protests and the occasional hot ones, made even more attractive by the fact they were probably unobtainable. He felt his face turn red when Lynn joined him at the back of the boat.

"I didn't realize you two were a couple," he stuttered. "I can probably get back on my own if you two want to be alone."

"Oh, it's not like that. We're not a couple, just friends that get bored sometimes."

"And horny," Rhonda added, "and that's a dangerous combination."

"You don't make out with your friends when you get bored," Lynn teased.

Troy's head whipped around. He had been so entranced by what Lyn was saying that he didn't notice Rhonda had moved from the front of the boat.

"So here's the thing," Lynn said in a sweet southern drawl, "We here headed to the east branch to celebrate national nude day. There are almost no other boats, even the Lake Patrol can't get in unless they trailer a boat all the way around the lake, so there's no one to hassle us about stripping down. You're free to join us if you want."

"And it's clothing optional, we will not think you are scared if you choose to keep your swimsuit on." Rhonda said.

"She won't think you're scared, but I will," Lynn added with a good natured smile.

"But if you don't go I will think it's because I'm fat," Rhonda added, and then made a pouty face.

"What the hell, let's go."

"Wheee," Lynn said.

"And we promise to behave, we won't make you blush anymore," Rhonda said, trying hard to keep a straight face.

"I don't mind, I mean, ya'll do whatever makes you happy," he said.

"So it won't bother you if I do this? " Lynn asked as she reached around and put her hands on Rhonda's ample bosom.

Troy felt his face flush again, but this time he felt his cock begin to swell as well.

"Stop it; you can see he doesn't like that," Rhonda said, shrugging Lynn's arms off.

"More like he's jealous," Lynn whispered in her friend's ear.

Troy's reaction was only part of the reason for making Lynn stop, the other reason was her own arousal. Rhonda could feel her nipples getting harder and almost regretted leaving her life jacket open. There was no doubt that Troy could see the bumps under the thin fabric and figure out what was going on. She wondered if he knew that it was his presence that aroused her.

"So you two aren't lesbian?" Troy asked. "Are you, like, bi-curious?"

"Maybe once, but there's not much left to be curious about. It's really was mostly about being bored and horny. Probably the same reason you guys watch so much porn," Rhonda explained.

"We make our own," Lynn said, trying to get a rise out of either Troy or Rhonda.

"Do you remember the first time?" Rhonda asked, joining the fun.

"I think we were over at your place on a dateless Friday night and started making out," Lynn said.

Rhonda smiled, "Yea, you didn't get past first base if I remember right."

Lynn sat up and beamed, "That happened in the car. We'd just finished swimming laps at the gym and that men's water polo team showed up. They were quite yummy. You know that they try to tear each other's suits off during the game."

"Yes, that's why you kept plotting to hide a webcam at the bottom of the pool."

"That one blonde guy with the washboard abs and hairy chest, I'd rip his suit off any day,"

"You can have him, I want the one with the Australian accent. Maybe you should set up that webcam."

"If I could just find a way to get a wireless signal past the air / water barrier," Lynn huffed.

Troy laughed a bit; surprised that they could be such horn dogs.

"She's serious, she did all kinds of research on how the navy subs communicate," Rhonda said.

"Turns out I'd need a antennae like ten feet long and a way to step the transmitter down to an ultra low frequency... not much chance of hiding that."

"Anyway, we were kind of hot and bothered after watching them for a while, so on the drive home Lynn pulls into parking garage and we made out like high school kids," Rhonda said.

Lynn held her hands up and caressed an imaginary pair of breasts, "That's when I found out what big titties felt like..."

"Shit!" Rhonda exclaimed, letting out the sail and pushing the tiller to the side, "we are almost to the rocks."

"I guess we will have to finish this story later," Lynn said scrambling to the front of the boat and straddling one of the pontoons. "Make your speed two knots."

"Aye, ahead one quarter impulse," Rhonda said, winking at Troy. She wondered what he would think if he knew his name added to his charisma. She had harbored a girl crush on that character in the Star Trek series, and the idea of making out with Troy got her juices flowing, even if it was with a male Troy.

"What about your boat," he asked, looking over the stern.

"She's fine, bumping against something hard is what she was made for," Rhonda replied.

With one hand on the tiller, one on the sail and both eyes on Lynn, Rhonda piloted them through the shallows with as much as a scratch on either of the fiberglass hulls. Once they were back in deeper water she pulled the sail up and steered them into a large cove. The sail went slack in the windless cove and the boat slowed to a stop.

"Shall we drop anchor?" Troy asked as the boat began to drift on the waves.

"Make it so," Rhonda replied.

"Okay, if this trekkie geek fest doesn't stop I'm going to..." Lynn threatened.

"What, force choke us both?" Rhonda teased, and then turned to Troy. "She's a fan of the 'other 'franchise. She is even a member of the 501st, but her costume makes her looks like a comfort trooper".

"Fuck yea, Vader's fist. Hell, it's the only way I can have big boobs," Lynn shot back. "Sometimes the guys's I hook up with at the 'cons are disappointed when they find out I've stuffed my armor, but I make it up to them," she said, licking her lips
