 ...after thanking my lucky stars once more, I see Dolly approach Jasmine and whisper in her ear, then Jasmine approaches Chelsea, who stands by my side.

"Dolly and I want to know, if our fantasy is combined, will it mean we get 10 minutes instead of the 5 minutes allocated?"

Chelsea looks at Dianne and Dianne shrugs, she nods and Dolly squeals as she takes my hand and leads me to a blanket, that someone has laid out on the field.

I know there are cameras out here for the games and for some reason I am hoping the cameras are capturing all of this. I know that means I could lose my job but damn, if I'm going to go down for this, I want evidence, so when I tell my friends how I got sacked I'll have proof. 

The girls position me standing in front of the blanket and they walk into the middle of it. They turn to each other and start by touching each other, their hands expertly running over each others bodies, then slowly they undress and stand completely naked in front of me. Jasmine cups Dolly's boobs, then bends and licks one, Dolly throws back her head and my cock goes instantly hard.

I am aware that all the other girls are watching this show as well.

The girls begin kissing each other sensually and passionately, I know they have done this before, they know each other so well and seem to fit perfectly. 

They stop kissing and look at me, my cue to participate, I walk over and stand behind Dolly, I wrap my arms around her waist and kiss her shoulder, she shivers at my touch but her eyes never leave Jasmine's, I trail my hand down her torso and reach her completely waxed bare pussy, I slip two fingers inside her easily, her wetness almost leaks out of her. I start scissoring my fingers and feel her pulse around them. Jasmine lays down and spreads her legs wide, touching herself and circling her clit. Dolly gets down on her knees and puts her mouth on Jasmines pussy, I swear, I could now hammer nails with my cock, its so hard. 

I realize I'm still standing and Ive began to stroke myself on the outside of my boxers. I hear someone giggle to my right and see Piper watching me and a huge smile is plastered over her face, as is the case with most of the girls. Except for Lindsey, she seems to be annoyed, maybe even a little angry, I smile when I realize its jealousy, its alright little firecracker, these girls are just for fun, once I get a taste of you, you will be mine and there will be no turning back. 

Getting my mind focused on the two girls in front of me, I watch in awe as Jasmine squirms beneath Dolly, their moans getting louder.

Chelsea walks over and hands me a foil packet, and winks and walks back to Dianne I snicker, remove my boxers and roll the condom over my very eager, very hard dick. I get on my knees and line up Dolly's pussy, I open her legs and get between her delectable thighs. On a moan, I thrust into her and she lifts her head and cries out, "Fuck me, god just fuck me," she cries. I move obeying her command, with quick hard thrusts, I begin pounding into her, holding her hips for support. She continues to eat Jasmine's pussy and all three of us are drowning in the sensation of the pleasure we are bringing each other. Jasmines legs begin to shake and she holds Dolly by the hair and pushes her face hard against her sex, she cries out Dolly's name over and over as she comes, which sets off Dolly her tight little cunt grabs hold of my dick and she starts contracting around me. I push deep one more time and I come so damn hard, I know, I'm going to need recovery time, I have stamina but I'm only human.

The three of us crash to the ground panting just as Dianne yells "TIME" and everyone erupts in laughter.

I get to have a break and overhear some of the girls talking, I manage to find out that Georgia is next and that means Lindsey will be up last, unless Chelsea and Dianne are going to indulge but I have had no indication that they will.

"I bet she doesn't go through with it," I hear the girl who just wanted to kiss me say, I think her name is Layla, she is one of the darker girls and so is Georgia.

"You can talk says Piper, kissing someone isn't exactly a fantasy," says Piper.

"It was my fantasy and its the first time Ive ever kissed a white guy, besides I have a man and if I did anymore than kiss, I would feel like I was cheating." Layla quips back.

"Whatever, Lindsey might be shy but she ain't no chicken, she will see this through," Piper assures the other girls and winks my way as she knows I'm eavesdropping.

I shake my head and smile, then stand, as break time is over.

Georgia likes lollipops and for her fantasy, she wants my cock to be her all day sucker. Fuck, with lips like hers, I know she knows how to lick and suck, I head to where she wants me. She smiles and shows me what she has in her hand, I read the bottle and it says candy flavored edible lubricant. I smile at her and she drops to her knees in front of me. She pulls down my boxers and seems confused when she sees my flaccid dick. 

I snicker, "You got to work him baby, he's been busy."

She grabs him in her warm soft hand and he begins to stir, she then pours her gel over him and gets straight to work, her tongue swells around the head, I bite my lip and try to remain still and not thrust inside her mouth. Licking me from the base to the tip over and over, moaning the whole time as she licks up all of the gel, then her mouth gets to work, she wraps her lips around the head and drags her tongue back and forward over the tip, I feel the pre-cum drip out and she moans, as she takes me further back in her throat, I know she has me as far as she can as I swear I feel the back of her throat, then sh sucks and blows out air at the same time and I almost shoot my load down her throat. Instead I grab the back of her head and feel her smile as she starts sliding me in and out of her mouth, it feels so fucking good, I wish I could last all day. I get control of myself and just as I start to enjoy this I hear that god damn word again!

"TIME," Chelsea yells and I almost growl, when Georgia lets me go with a pop and kisses my dick, then stands and makes her way over to the girls.

I am now on edge and I want Lindsey so bad, I hope she doesn't chicken out.

"Okay ladies, last request of the evening and Lindsey, has asked Dianne and I to participate, it seems our shy little member, has never had her cherry popped and although she would like Logan to be her first, she would prefer that he would take that in privacy, so instead she wants us to help in the lead up to the Grand Finale."

My eyes go wide when I hear what I've just been asked to do and I look at Lindsey in shock. She turns her head when she sees me and her cheeks go red. I'm not sure why but suddenly I feel overprotective and I want to take her back to my place and just forget about all of this.

I walk over to her and lift her chin up so she looks directly at me.

"Are you sure you want to do this this way? All you have to do is tell me you don't and we can walk away and do this slowly, go on dates get know each other first, I don't want you to feel like you have to go through with this."

She smiles and stands on her toes, the front of her body against mine, she kisses me softly, then looking into my eyes she says,

"I've never wanted anything more in my life, you have been starring in my dreams every night and these ladies are my girls, I trust them and I know they left me to last, because they all know how much I want you to be my first but I'm not the only one who has been dreaming of you, so I will share you this one time but after tonight, I will never share again." 

I laugh and pick her up then crush my lips to hers, my tongue enters her mouth and oh god I want her, I want my cock buried in her just like my tongue is, I place her back on the ground and hear laughing from all the girls behind me.

"Okay Romeo, we knew you'd be on board, we've been watching you, watch our girl and she has a little fantasy we can help her with, so you just stand and watch, while we work our magic." Dianne tells me grinning as Chelsea comes over and they both walk Lindsey to the middle of the rug That is still laid out on the field.

I swallow as Chelsea and Dianne begin rubbing themselves up and down Lindsey's body, dancing sensually around her, trailing their fingers against her skin and over her lips, they take turns in kissing her, licking her mouth and feeling her body. They begin undressing her one piece of clothing at a time and I swear this is the most erotic thing I have ever seen. Lindsey stands naked before me and my cock is now harder than steel, her body is perfection and I lick my lips in anticipation.

The girls come over and drag me to Lindsey, Chelsea kisses one cheek and Dianne the other then they remove my boxers and I hear Dianne let out a squeal of delight when she sees how hard I am. Chelsea tells me to lay down on my back, so I do. Then as I look up, I get a view of the most perfect pussy I have ever seen, Lindsey standing above me, her pink lips glistening and I cant wait to taste her, she sits straight over my face and I am in heaven, the smell of her is divine, my arms hook around her thighs and she leans forward, Oh sweet Jesus, her fantasy is to start with a 69, I am the luckiest bastard alive. Her mouth meets my cock and I feel the softness of her lips on the tip, it takes everything in me not to come all over her face. I cant wait any longer I run my tongue through her folds and feel her shiver, I plunge into her tightness and she taste like honey, I groan as she begins to lick the head of my cock.

Her hips start to move with the rhythm of my tongue and her lips cover me, we are both moaning and I know this wont take long at all for either of us. Sucking me deeper into that sweet mouth, I begin flicking her clit with my tongue, she starts panting, as I slide a finger into her, it feels like velvet wrapped around my finger and I cant wait to get my cock in her. Her head starts bobbing in time with my finger movements, then she grabs my balls and gently rolls them between her fingers as she sucks and licks the head of my cock, I cant hold back, I thrust up into her mouth and move my tongue faster, we both tense up and at the same time we explode, she pulses around my finger as I fill her mouth with my cum. She licks up every last drop and then rolls off me as my finger leaves her pussy.

Now that Ive tasted her, I need more and I need in her, as soon as possible.

I stand pull up my boxers and gather the rest of my clothes under my arm, before anyone knows what I am doing, I wrap Lindsey in the blanket and throw her over my shoulder, she begins to laugh as I race towards the locker rooms, I'm on a mission and nothing will stop me.

I hear the girls in the background start a cheer and I laugh as I listen to it, disappearing with my girl as they sing my praises, best day ever!

Ready... okay... Logan Randell, he's our man, if he cant do it no one can, give me an L, give me an O, give me a G, give me an A, give me an N...Gooo Loogan!!