 Like a lot of restless young men, when I was 19, I ran off and joined the Navy. I had some pretty wild times in the service, usually involving some combination of drinking and sex. As they say in the Navy, I was "young, dumb, and full of cum." Of course it was also the Navy routine that contributed to it. We would be out at sea for months at a time, and then pull into port for just a day or two. A good example of that is when we visited the island of Palma de Majorca, in Spain.

We had been out at sea for over a month, doing exercises with some European navies. By the time they announced Liberty Call, I was in such bad shape, my dick would get hard at the sight of a female sheep. I decided to get a room at a local hotel and see if I could first, get rip roaring drunk, and second, get laid, before I had to head back to the ship for duty in a couple of days.

My plan was to check in to the hotel and then do some sightseeing. Yeah, right. I made it as far as the bar in the hotel. They had a TV on with a soccer match, and though I hate soccer, it had been so long since I watched sports of any kind that I thought I would check out the game for a few minutes. One beer led to another and, well, you know how it goes. Before long I was drinking and singing stupid songs with a bunch of guys from my ship, and I eventually lost interest in seeing the sights.

While we were engaged in emptying out the beer supply at the hotel, I looked over and noticed a girl across the room giving me the eye. She was Spanish looking, with long dark hair, looked to be in her mid-20s, and had a hot body. She was with another girl, and they both seemed to be pretty close friends, as they kept touching each other on the arm while they talked. About the time I had convinced myself that the girl with the dark hair really wanted me, they both got up and left. Oh well, back to the drawing board.

The soccer game ended, and the guys from my ship moved on, but I was comfortable where I was, so I stayed put. I was sitting there trying to make sense of Spanish language TV, when a guy sat down next to me and said "now here's a guy that looks like he could use a beer." He had light hair, average build, and looked to be my age or perhaps a few years older. He had a British accent, and I've always liked the sound of that, so I accepted his hospitality, and soon we were chatting away like old friends.

He said his name was Paul, and that he was from Sherwood Forest. I thought "yeah, sure you are, Robin Hood," but apparently there really is a place called that. He talked about his life in England, and I told him what it was like to be stuck on a ship for months at a time without women. Mostly, we talked about beer and drinking. He asked me if I had ever tried a Lager and Lime, and of course, being American, I had never heard of it. He said he could make a really good one, better than you could get in the bar, and asked me if I wanted to go up to his room and check it out.

He was right about the Lager and Lime. He had some top quality beer and some fresh limes in his room, and he mixed them up just right. To this day, that is one of my favorite drinks. We relaxed on the bed and drank our beers, and then he looked at me kind of funny and asked me if I had ever had my dick sucked by a guy. While he was asking me, his hand sort of wandered over and started rubbing up and down on my crotch. Now remember, I've been on a ship for over a month. I'd never been with a guy, and I told him so, but after my cock pretty much jumped out of my pants at the first touch, my attempt to hold him off sort of got caught in my throat, and all that came out was a long moan. In the next moment, I was looking down and watching my dick disappear into Paul's mouth, and that's another thing he was right about. He was really good at sucking cock. 

From the instant his mouth hit my rod, I was loving it. When it's been that long, you don't care who is giving you head, as long as you are getting it. He starting by licking my shaft up and down, and then running his tongue around the head in circles. Then, with his hand stroking up on down on the shaft, he started sucking with gradually more and more suction until I finally blew a huge load in his mouth. It didn't take long, believe me. It was such a relief to finally get off, I just lay there on the bed in his motel room, gasping for breath.

After a while he asked me if I wanted to go back down to the bar and see what was going on down there. The first thing I thought about was that Spanish girl in the red dress, and so of course I said yes. We dressed and made our way downstairs, and headed back to our favorite watering hole. My eyes scanned the room, but unfortunately, the girl in the red dress was not there.

Paul and I had pretty much run out of things to say, as happens to guys after a while, so we sat there watching a game show on TV. The show was pathetic, but the chicks were pretty hot. I was starting to get into it, when I heard a lady's voice next to me ask if I liked the Spanish girls. I turned around and there was the girl in the red dress! And she was talking to me! I said, why yes, of course, Spanish girls are lovely. She sat down next to me, and I ordered her a drink. About that time, Paul suddenly found something else to do and wandered off, leaving me alone with this adorable lady.

I can't remember what we talked about, but I remember staring at her cleavage a lot and being impressed by her great tits. She was quite lovely, so naturally I was doing a lot of staring. When she invited me up to her room, I almost couldn't believe my good luck.

As we headed upstairs, I put my arm around her, and I could feel my cock getting hard in my pants. Although Paul had just finished giving me a nice blowjob, I was 19 and was pretty much hard all the time. I have to say this about Alexandra, she was gorgeous, and she made it clear to me from the time we got to her room that she wanted to fuck. We were soon kissing, and my hand slipped insider her dress and started stroking those great tits of hers. She pulled my hand back and asks me if I would like to watch a video. I thought she meant a porn tape, of course, and when she slipped the tape in the VCR, I looked up and there was me, on the TV, getting my cock sucked by Paul! I was shocked, and jumped up and asked her how in the world she had a tape of that! 

Well, as things turned out, Paul was her husband, and they were swingers. They had an "arrangement." They liked to have sex with different partners, and while one of them did it, the other one taped it. I sat back down and stared at the video, and she came over and started stroking my crotch through my jeans. I told her that watching the video made me feel kind of weird. I explained that it was the first time that I had been with a guy. She told me she understood, and got up and changed the video. She said I might like this one better. When the new one started playing, I could see that it was her and the blonde girl from the bar. They were sitting on the same bed, in the same room that we were in now. I watched as she pulled the blonde girl's hand onto her breast, and started kissing her. That was all it took for me, as my cock got one look at that and started busting out of my pants!

Alexandra noticed my reaction and slipped her hand inside my jeans and started rubbing my stiffening joint. Meanwhile, on the screen, I watched as she peeled off her clothes and spread her legs. The blonde girl knew just what to do, and immediately started licking her pussy. While the Alexandra on the screen is getting her cunt licked, the Alexandra in the room is pulling my dick out of my pants and starting to go down on my raging cock. I was starting to enjoy my second blowjob of the night, when I got the urge to taste some pussy, and I reached over and pulled her panties off, pushed her down on the bed and started licking her cunt for all I was worth. Suddenly, behind me I heard someone say, "I see you like my wife's pussy" and I looked up, and there was Paul standing in the bathroom with a video cam, naked and stroking his hard cock.

At first I was alarmed, and jumped up, thinking he would be angry at me for having sex with his wife. He told me to calm down. He explained that they were both bisexual, and into swinging. They liked to get into threesomes, had seen me in the bar, and agreed that it would be fun to go to bed with me. Paul said that he had met Alexandra on a previous trip to Palma, gotten married, and almost immediately afterwards, the couple had got involved in the swinger scene in Britain. As they were telling me this, Alexandra had laid back down on the bed. Paul told me to straddle her and put my cock in her mouth, while he started rubbing his hard dick on her pussy lips, and then slipped it inside her. I did as I was told, and soon found myself groaning with pleasure as the two of us fucked his hot, Spanish wife.

Alexandra was really good at giving head, and I was getting into having my dick sucked again. The next thing I knew, Paul stopped fucking her and walked over to me with his cock dripping with pussy juice. He said "now you're going to find out what a cock tastes like," and he grabbed me by the back of my head and pushed me face towards his cock. It happened so fast, I just did what was natural, and I opened my mouth and started to suck on his cock. Wow, I couldn't believe how sexy it was. His cock smelled like a man, but tasted like a woman. It was incredibly sexy. I licked and slurped away and couldn't get enough of it. I grabbed his nut sack and stroked him, and then tried to stuff his whole cock down my throat. When I had cleaned him all off, he pulled it out,and moved back down to the end of the bed and stuck it back in Alexandra's pussy. They went at it hard for a minute, and then I heard both of them moaning real loud and I could tell that they were both coming at the same time.

I thought the fun was over then, but boy was I wrong! Paul pulled his cock out of her, and came back over to me and guided me to the end of the bed, between Alexandra's legs. He said "you cleaned me up, now do her," and he pushed my face into her wet snatch. I couldn't believe how hot and wet she was! I started licking her cunt with the hot jizz running out of her pussy. "Lick it up," he told me. "Eat it!", and like a good sailor, I followed my orders. When I wasn't licking fast enough, he slapped me on my bare ass and told me to lick faster. He told me to stick my tongue way up in her and pull his jizz out of her cunt. Bit by bit I swallowed his whole load that way, and boy, was that a turn on. I had never tasted a man's cum before, and it was really hot. All mixed in with pussy juice, I just couldn't lick it up fast enough.

While I was licking her pussy, I noticed that Paul had wrapped his fist around my cock and was jerking me off. As I licked out the last drop of his jizz, I exploded in his hand, and he sat there licking my cum off his fingers, while I wiped both of their juices off my lips.

For a while, the three of us just laid there and engaged in small talk. I got dressed and we exchanged addresses and promised to write. I never really expected to hear from them of course. You meet a lot of different people in the Navy, and everyone says they will write to you, but nobody ever does. It didn't matter anyway. After the ship pulled out, I probably jerked off in my rack every day thinking about the crazy sex I had had with this British couple in Palma. Then one day at mail call, I got a surprise. It was a package the size of a small book. The return address just said "Paul and Alexandra." When I tore it open, there was no note or writing of any kind. Just a video tape.