 Hi, I’m Rita, and I recently had a new experience that I want to tell you about.
To learn the background, you should read Steve’s buildup in “Make believe” (in the Exhibitionist section of Literotica). 

I’m about five foot six and weigh around 145.  I wear a 36D bra and I have large aureoles with nipples that protrude about a half inch when I’m horny, which is most of the time. I have blonde shoulder-length hair and blonde pubic hair, which I keep neatly trimmed.  

I think my legs are a bit heavy but Bernie, my husband, thinks they’re just right and he says my thighs feel thighs feel just wonderful against his ears.”  

Bernie really is my husband but when we look to meet people on the Internet we say that we’re brother and sister.  This helps us make connection with the people we want to meet.

When we went to watch Julie and Steve, we definitely were fooled into believing they were a couple of teenagers playing while their parents were away.  I got really turned on looking at Steve’s five-inch pecker and little bare ball sack, and my cunt began to get wet.  After Steve slipped off her white cotton panties, I could see that Julie’s slit was closed up, hiding the soft inner lips.  

When I saw Steve start to lick her bare pussy, I couldn’t help slipping my hand under my skirt and stroking my cunt lips through my panties.

And then . . . they started fucking, and I could watch those little hairless sex organs dipping and thrusting.  I got even hotter still and I pushed my damp panties aside so I could get a finger in my hole.  Bernie was turned on too.  I could tell because I gripped at his crotch with my left hand and felt the hard on in his pants.  So I started squeezing him in time with Steve’s down strokes.

By the time they broke apart and came on to us I was so hot I was ready to risk having sex with a minor but Bernie had kept his head and he dragged me up and toward the door.  After Steve stopped us and showed ID to Bernie that proved they were adults Bernie said it was OK and I felt like Christmas had come early for me.  We went back into the den and I was ready to do everything I could imagine with Steve and perhaps with Julie also. I think the slang phrase is “hot to trot”.  We knew in our heads that they were adults but it seemed like fun to continue to act as if they were minors.

Bernie was back on the couch that faced the TV and feeling up Julie who was sitting next to him with her arm draped over his shoulders and one leg across his lap. His left hand reached around her to her teat and was squeezing its nipple between two fingers and his right hand was exploring the pussy, still damp from Steve’s ministrations. 

Then I sat in an overstuffed chair off to the side and pulled Steve into my lap.  He was still half hard and that pecker came right back up as I fondled his little ball sack.  All afternoon long Steve had been eyeing my boobs so I said  “Do you like mommy’s big tits little boy?” and he pushed his face into my cleavage as far as it would go.

Holding onto his prick with one hand I used the other hand to undo the buttons down the front of my blouse.  He pulled the blouse open and began massaging my teats through my black lace bra.  About then I heard Bernie say, “That’s it, Baby.  Take it out and make Daddy feel good.”  I looked across and watched Julie pulling Bernie’s cock out of his pants.  She was on her knees in front of him grasping his cock with one small hand and staring at that cock as if she had never before seen one that large.  Bernie’s has a seven inch long cock, 6 ½” around. A drop of pre-cum glistened on the head.

My nipples were hard as small walnuts but I began to be worried that Steve was getting so into rubbing my teats he might tear the bra and I eased him off my lap and stood up. With my back turned to him I asked, “Help Mommy get this bra off so you can really enjoy Mommy’s titties.”  Steve fumbled with my bra strap while I watched Julie lick and suck the head of Bernie’s cock.  She showed more vigor than technique but Bernie was obviously enjoying it immensely. I could see the small drops of pre-cum oozing out as Julie licked them up.

Steve was still fumbling with my bra so I reached back and unhooked the clasp then lay down on the mat in the center of the room.  He was down on his knees in an instant pulling the bra away and attacking my teats.  It seemed like he was trying to squeeze them, lick them, pull on them, bite them, suck them, push then together, or pull them apart - all at the same time.  Every time his fingers closed over my nipples it sent a tingling jolt straight to my cunt which by now was sopping wet..

This was not a suave Don Juan, seeking to seduce the fair maiden by taking an inventory of her erogenous zones and stimulating them one by one.  No, this was a randy young male animal seeking to satisfy his sexual lusts. And perhaps also some Oedipal yearnings which he could satisfy without incurring society’s opprobrium.  But his very enthusiasm turned me on tremendously.  It was a welcome change from what I am all too frequently faced with: the men whose performance is in accordance with some book; the men who can’t perform unless you keep telling them how good it is; or the men who delight in positions worthy of an Olympic gymnast.

I talked this over with Bernie afterwards, and he agreed that exuberance over experience is a very pleasant tonic if indulged in sparingly.

My nipples have never been harder, but my teats were becoming overwhelmed by Steve’s attack, so I suggested, “Why don’t you fuck Mommy’s titties?”   He was quickly up, facing me, and straddling me so he could lay that little prick between my teats, which were already slippery from his licking.  I pushed the teats together to form a tighter tunnel as he started fucking them. After he had built up a rhythm I told him to turn around so he was pointing in the other direction. In this position I could reach with my tongue to that spot right behind the balls which most men find so erotic.  As he turned I tugged my skirt up to my waist so he would get a good view of my black panties.

I held his hips still for a few seconds so I could run my tongue up and down from his balls to his ass and back.  Steve obviously found it erotic also.  He buried his face in the crotch of my panties, and began hunching as fast as he could. His hot breath against the gusset added fire to my arousal.  I loved the feel of his prick reciprocating between my teats and feeling my nipples rubbing against his belly.  Then too it was nice feeling the ball sack tighten as it pulled his balls up even closer to his body.  All too soon, I realized he was close to cumming.  I asked,  “Do you want to cum on Mommy’s titties or in Mommy’s mouth?”  I heard him mumble “Mouth!” against my crotch.  So I pulled his hips back over my head to get that throbbing prick into my mouth.  

By leaning my head back I could get the whole thing in my mouth and throat.  I commenced swallowing which felt to him like being jerked off.  He let out a fierce growl and began to cum.  Just as he did I cupped my hand around the back of his balls.  One of the first things Bernie taught me is that this enhances the sensation of cumming for most men.  It sure worked for Steve.  He yelled and jerked and shot what seemed like several gallons of cum down my throat. It was hot and sticky, and sweet.  Just the way I like it. When he stopped cumming, I licked his prick clean and swallowed every drop I could find.

Sometime while I was getting my teats fucked, I remembered hearing Bernie shout, “Take it! Take it!  Swallow Daddy’s juice!” and now as Steve rolled off me I looked over to see Bernie lift Julie over to the mat next to us, drop his pants and kneel between her legs to lick that delicious-looking bare pussy.  Also I could see a little trail of cum drooling out of one corner of Julie’s mouth.

Now I was the only one who hadn’t cum.  And was I ready!  All afternoon I had several times been heated up, then cooled off, and then heated up again.   It felt as though I was about to explode.  I couldn’t stand waiting a minute longer. I quit rubbing my thighs together, and unfastened my wrap-around skirt at the waist and opened it all the way.  Nudging Steve, I pointed to Bernie and Julie, and told him, “Mommy could use a little of that kind of loving.”  The dear boy was quick to respond.  He grasped my panties to pull them down.  They were so wet they made a slight suction noise as they stuck to, then pulled away from, my cunt.  I reached to the side for a throw pillow.  Raising my hips, I pulled away the skirt and pushed the pillow under me to give my young lover the best access.  He threw the panties aside and got between my legs.  I lifted my knees onto his shoulders, and he dove in.

Just like with my teats his excitement far surpassed his experience.  But my cunt lips swelled as he licked from my throbbing asshole to my needy clit and back - over and over again until I grasped the back of his head with both hands and tried to pull him inside me.

It’s weird what we think of in moments like this.  What crossed my mind was the old joke. “Who is the perfect lover for a woman? A man who can breathe through his ears!”

I gave him two seconds to breathe and then pushed his mouth onto my clit and demanded, ”Suck it for Mommy! Lick it! Suck Mommy’s cunt! Suck it! Suck it! Lick it! Please don/t stop! Suck, suck, suck!  Oh don’t stop! Eat me! Eat my cunt! Eat me! Eat me!” until I exploded into a series of intense orgasms. I kept pounding my pelvic bone into Steve’s face and clawing his shoulders, and for a while it seemed as though I would never stop cumming.  When it finally ceased, I just fell back limp on the mat, hugging Steve to me, and I think I may have blacked out for a few seconds.

Julie must have been cumming at the same time I was because I had heard her going, “Oh, ooh, ooh!” while Steve was running his tongue through my pussy.  As we calmed down Steve offered to pour us some wine, something he hadn’t done while we thought he was a minor.  It was a fairly decent California cabernet, a label I had not heard of.  

We relaxed for just a few minutes while Bernie and Steve talked about cars but I wasn’t nearly finished yet.  Holding my glass. I got up to sit on the couch and patted the spot next to me for Julie to sit down.  I set my glass down and put my left arm over her shoulders.  Running the tips of my fingers lightly across her chest I told her,  “You shouldn’t worry about the size of your titties, Honey.  I bet these sweet things are very sensitive.  Aren’t they?”

“They sure are,” she said, “but I like your big ones better.”

“Then enjoy them.” I invited her, and she began feeling and kissing my teats. 

Julie’s attack was the complete opposite of Steve’s.  She slowly and tenderly stroked and licked all over my teats.  She didn’t ignore the sensitive undersides either, which a lot of men neglect.  After a few minutes I lay back down on the couch bringing her with me so she was lying between my legs while still making love to my teats.  This was a long slowly building excitement.  Not to be rushed, but savored deliciously.  She spent plenty of time on my nipples - tugging them - sucking them - pinching them.

Her belly was pressing into my crotch but even when I raised my knees up I couldn’t get a satisfactory friction going.  So after a while I put my legs down and pulled Julie around, still licking my teats until her chest was over my face.  That way I could suck at her sweet nipples, which had become as hard as mine.  I could, also reach over my head to her little slit which was the smoothest one I’ve ever felt.

Her pussy was still wet from Bernie’s licking but as I ran a finger up and down I could feel more moisture seeping out. I kept spreading the wetness around and dipping my finger in to pick up more juice.  When she began humping on my hand I grabbed her hips and pushed her gently down.  She left my teats and began licking down my stomach as I pulled her pussy down to my face.  Staying away from the tempting bald pussy I began slowly licking around and around the target.  As I gradually moved closer to her center Julie began mirroring my movements.  By the time my tongue reached her pussy her tongue was stroking mine.

I licked her lips slowly teasing her as I varied the pressure and twist of my tongue against her. I began to gently let my tongue slip into her pussy tasting the sweet nectar of her sex. Julie moaned a little and shifted as I teased, and I could feel her rhythmically squeezing my ass cheeks. I began exploring every fold, every inch of her vagina with my tongue until my reach could go no deeper. My chin was dripping with her fluids as her wetness slowly dribbled down my neck.
The more vigorously I licked her the harder she licked my cunt until we zeroed in on each others’ clits and began climbing the stairs to heaven.  

Julie had expressed curiosity about anal sex, so I thought it safe to moisten a finger and play it around her asshole.  This obviously pleased her since she began returning the favor and rubbing a moist finger across my anal entry.  I couldn’t last any longer and as I started to cum I pushed my finger inside her.  This combination set her off too and we had almost simultaneous orgasms.

Normally I’m not especially attracted to having one on one sex with a woman.  But it is quite different if I know that men are watching.  Then I get really turned on.  Perhaps it’s because the men’s excitement communicates it to me.  I believe most men are more aroused by watching two women have sex than by watching anything else.  That apparently was the case here because, when  I lifted Julie’s hips off my face I saw that Steve and Bernie each had a hand on his hard on.  Bernie was rubbing his thumb back and forth across the head spreading the pre-cum around.  Steve was slowly stroking up and down on his.

I pointed this out to Julie, saying, “Look what we’ve caused.  We had better take care of them don’t you think.”  And to the men I said, “Lay back boys. We’re coming for a ride.”

It looked like Bernie was very close to cumming as I helped Julie sit on his cock, and slowly ease down on it. His cock was wet from the pre-cum, and her pussy was soaking wet from her cum and my licking.  She winced a little, but she didn’t fight it I had her turned facing Bernie’s feet because I knew he would like playing with her little ass.  Steve had been slightly closer to the couch than Bernie, so that, when I straddled his crotch, I was almost face to face with Julie.

Julie sat very still for a bit.  Probably because that was the fullest she had ever been.  She was staring at my crotch, which I was rubbing up and down on Steve’s little pecker.  Her eyes widened and she squealed, “Put it in!  Put it in! I never before actually saw anybody doing it!”

Raising my hips up, I took his prick between my thumb and finger and let Julie watch as my cunt gradually swallowed it.  Then I began a measured up and down movement, tightening my vaginal muscles on the up stroke and loosening them on the downward movement.  Steve meantime had begun playing with my teats again.

Julie reached over to touch Steve’s prick every time it appeared. and her hand bumped my clit each time I came down.  “Oh, I can feel you doing it!” she exclaimed.  “Does it feel good, Rita?  Bernie’s thing feels so big in me.”  By now she was hunching her hips back and forth, and Bernie was giving her an up and down ride as he hunched his ass off the floor. The whole erotic scene combined with Steve’s prick and Julie’s finger had me right on the verge.  I held back as long as I could so we could cum together.

She squealed, “Make him cum in you.  I want to feel him cum!” She pressed closer as I fondled one of her teats.  I could see Bernie was fucking her cute little ass with one finger as he gave one big upward lunge and held it.  “Oh, I’m going to cum too.” Julie exclaimed.  “It’s cumming! It’s cumming! Now!”  I grabbed her by the shoulders and kissed her hard on the lips.  As I rammed my tongue into her mouth, her tongue came right back to greet me, and I joined in cumming.  Steve granted her wish as his cum squirted out and oozed down into her hand.

When Julie finished cumming, she collapsed across Steve’s chest, her left hand still clutching his softening prick.  She slowly scraped our combined juices off it, and brought her hand to her mouth.  She licked the hand clean and smiled.  Bernie’s cock slipped out of her pussy followed by a dollop of cum and flopped down against his belly..



POSSIBLE ACTIONS

Rita/Steve
XUndress Rita
XSuck Steve
XSuck Rita
XSuck Teats
Anal
Watch Julie/Bernie
XTit Fuck
XFuck

Rita/Julie
XKiss
XLick Julie nipples
XSuck Julie
XSuck Rita Teats


Rita/Bernie
Demo anal
69
Dog Fashion

Julie/Bernie
Undress Bernie
XWatch Rita/Steve
XSuck Bernie
Lick & play with nipples
XSuck Julie
XFuck - Julie on top

Julie/Steve
Try anal




All four
Rita eat Julie & receive double penetration.