 Author's Note: For a better understanding of the characters read Make Believe 1 and 2.

On our way home down the 405 Freeway Rita and I began talking about how well Steve and Julie compared with other couples we've met for sex in the past. Rita said, "Bernie, that was one of the best pairs yet. That they looked so young even though we knew they were of legal age was a big turn-on." She said that undisciplined enthusiasm was sometimes more exciting than studied technique.

I agreed that excited innocence could be stimulating, even if the innocence was feigned. Rita asked what I meant, and I told her, "Julie didn't act surprised when I came in her mouth, and her vaginal muscles were very strongly squeezing Oscar when she was riding me. These things suggested to me that she was a bit more experienced than she pretended she was. 

We continued the discussion when we stopped for dinner at George Petrelli's in Culver City. Petrelli's was where I took Rita on our first real date. We had first met in person by arrangement at a Starbucks shop in a mall where Rita recognized me because I was reading a copy of US News and World Report. This exploratory meeting occurred after a lot of conversation in a chat room where we discovered our mutual interests. After a few more dates which got better and better, we got married

At that time, Rita had been recently widowed, and her deceased husband had been addicted to having sex while watching X-rated movies - preferably movies involving multiple groups of people engaging vigorously in various sexual activities. After his death in a fall, Rita found that she had a strong desire to watch others engaging in sexual activity especially if they appeared to be related to each other. She told me that she was masturbating almost every day while watching one or another of the videos he left her. She has a massive vibrator she named "Big Dick" which she usually uses when we masturbate for each other. She tries for us to reach simultaneous orgasms, and she likes it (also licks it) when she can watch me cum on her teats.

My situation was different than hers. I had been married to a woman who thought oral sex meant saying dirty words, and she accused me of being a pervert when I suggested she might try getting on top. (I think she thought Fucking was a city in China). We eventually divorced on grounds of mutual incompatibility, and I began cruising the chat rooms for a kindred soul.

In the chat room Rita and I discovered a good deal of compatibility. We both liked watching as well as participating, and I was intrigued by Rita's fascination with insestual relations. After we got together we began advertising as a brother-sister team in order to attract the couples who would excite us the most. We met for sex fun and games with a number of couples who said they were mother and son, although I guessed that some of them were in reality older matrons trying to keep a young lover interested. But they certainly did keep them interested. 

One of the strangest pairs we met with was a young woman who looked to be in her early twenties accompanied by a very old man whom she introduced as her great grandfather. She and Rita knelt in front of the great grandfather to play with his prick, and I lifted both of their skirts from behind and tugged their panties down so I could kiss and finger the two lovely rear ends. Together they coaxed a weak cum from the old gentleman and he sat back to watch her get both of us off. She alternated from sucking Oscar deep into her throat to licking Rita's cunt with a talented tongue, but the old man fell asleep before she had finished either one of us.

By the time we left Petrelli's, we were both getting horny from talking and thinking about our orgy with Steve and Julie. In the car on the way home Rita opened her wrap-around skirt to show me that she had no panties on, and she started stroking her quim with one finger. Then she began singing softly, "Roll me over in the clover. Roll me over, lay me down, and do it again."

There were some reasons that we seldom had second meetings with any of the couples we met for sex. For one thing, it prevented either of us from becoming too fond of a member of another couple. And, most of all, we found there was more excitement in seeing new cunts, new cocks, and new teats.

In this case though, we agreed we should meet with Steve and Julie again. That they were so much younger appearing than we were was part of the safety from infatuation and, most certainly, a major source of the excitement. Julie was only five feet tall and Steve wasn't much taller. And, because they had both shaved their crotches, they really did look like the randy teenagers they were pretending to be.

After we agreed on this, Rita pumped her finger a few times into her honey pot and then offered it to me to suck on. While I licked it clean she unzipped my trousers and pulled Oscar out. I begged her to be careful or she might cause an accident. She just squeezed him gently and ran her thumb around his head to spread the pre cum, but as soon as I hit the garage door opener, she had my balls in her hand and she was swallowing Oscar before the car was in the garage and the door was down. Rita came on her fingers about the same time I rewarded her with a tasty swallow of cum.

So I e-mailed Steve the next day to tell him how much we enjoyed the experience, and I suggested a repeat engagement the following month. He enthusiastically agreed, and told me that it had been Julie's first time with a woman and that she would like to try it again when she wasn't so nervous. I had a hunch Julie was not being quite honest about that, but I saw no point in disillusioning Steve. When we set the date I asked if they would dress in the same teen-age styles as before.

There was a Monday in the next month which was a holiday, so Steve and Julie had no school and Rita and I could take the day off work. Early that afternoon we met them at the same coffee shop as before where, because of their short stature, they looked right at home among the teen-aged denizens. Julie set the tone by yelling. "Daddy" when she saw us and rushing up to us to hug first me and then Rita.

Julie was wearing the same outfit as on our first meeting - a plaid skirt that might have been a school uniform, which stopped just above her knees, and saddle shoes with white bobby socks. On top she had a white middy blouse which was hardly dented at all by her tiny teats. She had her blonde hair in two pigtails. Steve had on cutoffs, running shoes, and a tee shirt that said "Harvard".

Rita told me afterwards that Julie copped a feel of her right teat during the hug. Rita was wearing a bra I had bought for her at Frederick's of Hollywood. It had holes cut in it for her nipples and she wore a rose colored v-necked wool sweater over it. She says that, when she wears that bra under the sweater, each time she moves the wool stimulates her nipples. This keeps them in a permanent state of arousal. Just thinking about her nipples staying hard keeps me alert. The squeeze by Julie brought Rita right up to a boil, and she reported that she had to restrain the urge to grab Julie and kiss her passionately.

Steve and I shook hands and we all went out to my BMW for the short drive to their house. Julie sat in the back with Rita and stroked her leg while I drove. We drove into Steve's garage which he had left open for us, and he shut the garage so that his nosy neighbors could not comment on our visit.

Steve brought out a bottle of wine when we got into the den, and I tried to stay in character by directing, "Daddy and Mummy will have a glass, but you and Sister should stick to Pepsi." After he poured the drinks, Steve sat us close together on the couch facing the TV with Rita and me in the middle. Then he started a video which blew our minds.

It started out as a small white square in the center of a black screen. The picture was just the blur you get with over-magnification. Then it focused slowly until you could see there was a mouth holding a cock. When it reached normal magnification it proved to be Julie's face sucking a cock. Next the margins shrank away until it was a full screen picture of Julie giving me a blow job. After that, the still picture became animated, and a voice-over (Julie's voice) described in detail how she was loving the prick in her mouth and throat. She described the feel of her tongue as it slathered around the head, and how it felt when it hit the back of her throat. She told about how her pussy was getting wet from the excitement and from her fingering herself. 

On the screen, Julie leaned back from me, her mouth opening and her tongue extending to touch the head of Oscar. Her tongue danced over his head, and my hips thrust forward involuntarily. Her lips wrapped around the firming flesh. She sucked Oscar into her mouth as she tugged on him. She stuffed more into her mouth, her lips sliding down his shaft, coating it with her saliva. Her hand pumped up and down, and her mouth hungrily sucked . I reached to her head, pulling her down toward my crotch. Oscar pushed into her mouth and throat, growing rapidly

It seemed that, unbeknown to us, Steve had hidden three miniature cameras in various parts of the room. And he had used the film-making skills he was studying in college to create a record of our first encounter. Because the cameras were fixed in position and focus, some of the action didn't show up very well. But with three cameras Steve was able to piece together a short twenty-minute film that served as an exciting h'ors d'ouvre for our day's activities.

In addition to my blow job from Julie, we were treated to a good sequence of Rita getting her teats fucked by Steve where we could see the head of his prick glistening each time it peeked from between Rita's boobs and a nice clear full face look at me as I ran my tongue up and down between Julie's cunt lips. There was also a lovely side-view of the two women in an intense 69 on the same couch we were now occupying but their faces didn't show. The voice-over for the film alternated between Steve and Julie who were describing in specific detail what they felt at the time of the action we were watching. The film ended up showing Steve and me on our backs with Julie and Rita riding us until we all came, and it showed Julie holding Steve's prick as it slipped out of Rita's cunt leaking juice behind it. In the voice-over Julie exclaimed over the slipperiness of Rita's cunt and Steve's prick from their combined fuck juices and she told us how good it tasted when she licked her hand clean.

This was the first time I had ever seen a film of myself having sex when I was not conscious of the camera. It got me so hot that Oscar was trying to burst out of my trousers, and he left a wet spot where he was pushing. I could tell that Rita was feeling it also. She was breathing heavily and twisting in her seat.

While we were watching the film, Steve began feeling up Rita. After a bit, he slipped a hand down her cleavage, and I heard him exclaim when he felt the bare nipple poking through its window in the bra. Meanwhile Julie had dropped her hand to my lap and was gently squeezing Oscar through my trousers.

During the last scene in the video, Julie's squeezing got more urgent, and as the show ended, she asked, "Daddy, you and Mummy watched Steve and me play with each other. Can we watch you and Mummy now? I want to see. Please!"

Rita and I looked at each other and nodded. This fit our mood very well. So we stood up and moved to the middle of the mat on the floor. Rita raised her arms as I lifted the sweater off her and we all could see her nipples sticking out of her 36D brassiere I pointed out, "See how hard Mummy's nipples get! They are aching for a good loving." First I pinched and pulled on each nipple and then I bent down and sucked loudly first the right and then the left one Rita grabbed my head and tried to hold me there, but I was aiming for better things.

I turned Rita around with her back to them as I loosened her skirt. As I pushed the skirt to the floor, Steve and Julie could see Rita's black opera-length stockings with seams down the back The eight straps of the garter belt came out from under her panties and held the stockings smoothly around her thighs - nice full thighs which I'm fond of feeling against my ears. As I stood up, I stroked up along her calves and then her silken thighs before I stroked her ass lovingly and felt her heat through the thin material. I noticed that Julie had her hand in Steve's crotch while they were watching. Rita spread her legs slightly apart so I could push the panties up into the crack of her ass and rub her asshole..

After they had a chance to admire Rita's back view, I turner her around again slowly till they could see that her panties were open at the crotch. A section of her neatly trimmed blonde cunt hair showed through and it appeared to be slightly damp in the center. I poked a finger through the hole into her pussy and remarked, "You can tell Mummy is a natural blonde." Rita's vaginal muscles clenched and Rita tried to squat down on my hand, but I took my finger out and said, "Your turn."

Rita unbuttoned my shirt, slid it off my arms, and tossed it into the corner. Then she stood behind me and stroked her nipples back and forth across my back. This is a favorite thing for her as it sends shivers down my spine while it stimulates her teats. Next she reached around to unzip my fly and pull Oscar out into the open. He was leaking at his head and she rubbed the liquid around before undoing my belt and letting my trousers drop to my ankles. Before I could step out of them Rita was on her knees in front of me holding Oscar out of the way so she could lick my balls. I had shaved all the hair from the base of Oscar and trimmed the rest of the hair short so the couple watching could clearly see her tongue slurping up and down my ball sack. About this time I saw Julie take Steve's pecker out of his pants and start caressing it.

Once her warm tongue got my balls all wet, Rita pulled her head back to give a closed lip kiss to Oscar. Then she pushed and Oscar slid slowly into her hot mouth and down her tight throat until her nose pressed hard into my groin. She swallowed once and then pulled back slowly until only his head was in her mouth. Several repetitions of this sequence had me trying to fuck her mouth, but I was hindered by the trousers around my ankles which threatened to trip me, and Rita held my hips still and stuck to her slow pace until I was on the verge of cumming

While Rita was sucking me, Julie was crooning, "Ooh, she is swallowing it all the way It's going way down her throat I want to learn to do that. Do you like that, Daddy?" I nodded yes.

Rita suddenly stopped and lay down on the mat in front of me. I stepped out of my trousers and knelt down over her. It took only a moment to pull the flimsy panties down her nylon encased legs. I tucked my hands under her knees and pushed them up in the air so I could start to feast on her sweetness. Licking up and down the outer lips of her cunt which were already slightly opened, I teased her a little before going deeper. One of her garter straps caught on my ear and I pressed her legs further apart before driving my tongue as deep as I could.

As usual when receiving oral sex, Rita became very vocal at this point, shouting out, "Eat me!, Suck me!, Eat my cunt!, Harder! Eat me harder!" I pushed her knees up to her chest where they framed that Fredrick's bra with the nipples sticking way out, and I ran my tongue down to her asshole, and she continued, "RIM ME! EAT ME! SUCK! PUSH YOUR TONGUE IN! MORE! EAT ME!" So I sucked and licked as deep as I could..

Julie began repeating in a sort of stage whisper, "He's licking her brownie! Putting his tongue in Mummy's brownie!" I looked up and she had Steve's pecker in a death grip and she was bouncing up and down on the hand Steve had up under her skirt.

I told Rita, "Turn over", and she got onto her hands and knees with her ass turned slightly toward our audience.. When I checked with my finger, she was ready to receive me in either hole. My first target was her warm, wet, welcoming cunt. It sucked Oscar in and her muscles began rippling around him. I couldn't stay still but began pounding as hard and as fast as I could Rita was rocking back and forth to meet me.

Rita was chanting, "Fuck, fuck, fuck!" in time to my pounding and very soon she announced, "I'm cumming!" and almost simultaneously I gave her one of the biggest loads ever. Then we both dropped exhausted to the mat to the sound of Julie clapping.

I rolled off Rita and we watched Julie jacking Steve's prick for a while until Rita crawled on her hands and knees over to the couch to help. She pulled Steve's pants all the way off so she could get at his balls. As before, Steve and Julie had shaved clean, and Rita went wild over it. She took his entire ball sack in her mouth and massaged it with her tongue. Steve took his hand out of Julie's panties and commenced pinching and pulling Rita's nipples which by now were sticking a good half inch out of her brassiere - maybe a little more.

For the moment I was too exhausted to do much, so I just continued lying on the mat and watching the others. Julie took hold of Rita's hand and pulled it into her own crotch. Pretty soon I saw one of Rita's fingers sneak through the leg hole of Julie's white cotton panties where it began doing some effective work judging by the way Julie began bouncing up and down again.

After a bit of finger fucking, Rita turned all of her attention to Julie and grabbed the sides of her panties. Julie lifted her hips so Rita could slide the cotton panties down her legs and off. Julie spread her legs and we could both see her cunt with the lips slightly open like a bud beginning to flower. Rita nuzzled the inside of Julie's thighs and reached up to undo the buttons of Julie's blouse so Julie could shake it off. I settled back to watch a little girl-girl action which always gets me aroused.

Rita says that she only has sex with other women because it excites me. However, I've seen a level of enthusiasm on her part when she is with another woman that makes me believe that her bisexual side is much stronger than she is willing to admit to herself. I don't care a whit about that because I really get off when watching that action, and she always has enough loving left for me afterwards.

Still on hands and knees, back and forth along the petite thighs Rita licked - each stroke getting nearer to the little flower. Finally Julie clasped Rita's head with both hands and began pulling her close until Rita's tongue was delving deep into the pussy. Julie crooned, "Taste me, Mummy. Lick it good. Do you like my taste, Mummy? Your mouth feels so nice." I could hear the soft slurping sounds, and we watched Rita reach up to Julie's teats and pinch the little nipples which were like hard pencil erasers

Steve was watching this while holding his own stiff pecker. I pointed out to him that, "Nobody is using the other end. Why don't you take a turn?"

He stood up, shucked his T-shirt, and moved around to get on his knees behind Rita. First he just stroked the round globes of her ass but soon started wobbling the fleshy mounds first apart and then together back and forth. When he brought his prick in close to her asshole, her ass cheeks squeezed the prickhead each time he brought them together. Julie egged him on, urging, "Fuck Mummy while she eats my pussy. Put your pecker in Mummy."

Steve couldn't hold back very long. He held her ass cheeks apart so I got a brief sight of two hungry holes awaiting invasion, and then he slid his prick down her crack to plunge into her cunt. Because he had been building up for some time, he came quite quickly. I could see his ball sack tighten as he held it as deep as he could. But because he was young and horny he did not pull out. He never lost his erection and soon he commenced a slow stroking. Julie was even more excited, calling out, "Steve's fucking Mummy! Mummy, Steve is fucking you. Does it feel good, Mummy?" Steve was using two of Rita's garter straps as reins to bring her ass back to him. She continued, "Lick me, Mummy while Steve fucks you."
