 "Why else would she be coming back around?" Lauren asked with an attitude and her hands on her hips.

"We dated forever ago, it's not like that," Travis protested. Lisa was never a problem before this weekend, and Travis couldn't figure out why his usually "cool" girlfriend was freaking out about him seeing an ex-girlfriend he had been friends with since they broke up years ago.

"Well, she wasn't normally sending you sexy pictures of herself and calling you like she does now, I'm just wondering if she had other plans this weekend than just 'hanging out'." Lauren replied, getting angrier the more she thought about it.

"Fine, why don't you just come with me!" Travis said, hoping it would be the end of the conversation.

"Ok, give me ten minutes." Lauren said cheerfully as she ran into her bedroom.

***************************************

Lauren rummaged through her closet quickly trying to find the sexiest thing she owned. She had seen the pictures Lisa was sending Travis; they lived in different states and rarely saw each other, so Lisa made it seem normal that she would send pictures of herself. But Lauren knew better; they weren't inappropriate, per say, but they were provocative enough to be sexually intriguing, and Lauren didn't want to admit it but they turned her on and so knew it must have been getting to Travis as well. Just a little too much cleavage or too much leg and too much desire in her eyes

She wasn't the type to get jealous but she knew sexual tension would rise and she wanted to be there to supervise it. Lauren grabbed a button down shirt she knew was too tight and wrapped it around her voluptuous breasts, which were stuffed into an equally tight bra. Her mini-jean shirt put just enough accent to her ass and pulled up some boots to her knees. Maybe not the sexiest she had ever looked, but it was going to do the job for tonight.

***************************************

"Lisa?" Travis asked over the phone.

"Yea Travis, what's up." Lisa said. 

"Change of plans, Lauren is coming with me, if that is alright." 

"That's fine, can you pick up some more beer then? I don't have that much."

"You know I don't drink, how much do you need?" Travis asked a little surprised.

"Umm, hanging out with an ex-boyfriend and his current girlfriend – I might need a lot." Lisa replied sounding somewhat worried.

"Okay . . . are you sure this is alright with you?" Travis asked, slightly hoping Lisa would back out and he wouldn't have to deal with the night ahead.

"Oh, no, everything's fine. I'm only in town for tonight and I really want to see you." Lisa replied flirtatiously.

"Okay, but if this breaks out into a cat fight, I don't know how motivated I'll be to stop it." Travis said with a smirk.

"Whatever pervert, see you in a bit." Lisa said, getting off the phone.

Travis hung up the phone. He made a quick flashback to when he and Lisa dated in college. She was more immature back then, even for her age. She had incredible sex appeal, but her attitude turned him off and they eventually broke up after only a few months, but remained friends since. Over the years it made him slightly curious what Lisa would have been like in bed. He would never get the chance now, but the pictures she sent him weren't urging his curiosity. 

***************************************

At first the situation seemed a little awkward: Lauren and Travis were hanging out in Lisa's hotel room. Soon after a few beers they were all carefee. Travis didn't drink –necessity for mostly. Lauren had a way of getting out of hand when she drank too much and tonight didn't seem to be an exception. He knew he had to play interference if Lauren needed to be taken home, but so far she and Lisa seemed to be getting along beautifully.

And she was . . . . Lisa was hotter 'an hell! Her dark tan held year-round and gave no secret to the fact that she tanned in the nude. Her bright blue eyes were in distinct contrast to her skin tone and shone especially bright when she smiled. Lauren was no worse looking: what she lacked in tanned skin and sexy features she made up in body. Lauren was a slender figure topped off with two DD breasts and an ass worth showing off. She breathed sexuality when she walked into a room, which was no misconception.

Additionally, Lauren's fumigating sexuality intensified when she drank. Travis could see the way the girls intentionally touched and slightly flirted with one another. And of course, like all of their conversations, the night turned to sex. 

"How could you not have fucked her darlin'?" Lauren asked Travis gesturing to Lisa.

"I probably couldn't have handled it." Travis replied under lust-filled eyes at Lisa.

"Did you at least fool around at all?" Lauren continued. "Oh! You missed out, this man could have driven you over the edge just with his hands!"

"We made out a few times with a little heavy petting, nothing worth getting wet about," Lisa replied.

"Well, at least you got to enjoy that mouth," Lauren said, leaning forward to give Travis a wet-tongued kiss, making sure to be open-mouthed enough to entice Lisa a bit. By instinct, Travis reached for a full breast and began to grope it. Lauren's moaning encouraged him to find a nipple and roll it between his fingers. Lisa gawked at the couple and her mouth watered thinking about that nipple in her mouth.

"Of course I think I've made him into a much better kisser," Lauren bragged as she pulled away and wiped her mouth.

"Is that so . . . ," Travis and Lisa said in unison. "I don't know how true that could be," Lisa continued, lingering a little in her words.

"Well, you would be the one to test that theory," Lauren suggested, gesturing Travis to approach Lisa. Travis responded with a look of surprise. He had never cheated on Lauren and now he was getting an invitation to right in front of her!

"Oh, come on, we're all adults, and it's not like you're doing it behind my back. I just want to know if my theory is true; at least then I can take deserved credit for my accomplishments."

Lauren's cool was back and Travis was relieved to know Lauren didn't feel anymore jealously over Lisa. So he shrugged off his inhibitions and approached Lisa for a kiss. No romantic gestures, just an attack on her mouth. Lauren had never seen Travis kiss anyone before; his already luscious lips looking even sexier on Lisa. She studied the way their heads rolled together as he massaged Lisa's tongue in a way Lauren recognized. Her suspicions were soon proven correct as Lisa began to moan and gyrate to Travis's intrusion. As if subconscious to his advances, Travis again reached for a breast.

Although significantly smaller, Lisa's tits were firmer than Lauren's and just as fun. Travis loved how sensitive Lauren's tits were and how easily he got her wet and almost cum a few times playing with them. Lisa seemed no less sensitive and welcomed the assault. Lauren could feel herself getting wet just watching her boyfriend professionally grope his ex in a familiar way.

"You win," Lisa breathed heavily as she pulled away from the kiss. "He is a much better kisser than when we dated."

"Told ya," Lauren grinned as she pulled Travis in for a kiss to reclaim her territory.

"Hey, you said it wasn't cheating if you were watching so I don't get into any trouble," Travis made for a quick reply.

"Shit, if that was the case, I could blow you right here and you still wouldn't get into any trouble," Lisa said laughing.

"Hell, I could probably learn something," Lauren replied, trapping Travis into a response.

"Doubtful baby, you can't improve on perfection," Travis said and winked back at her.

"That sounds like another challenge . . ." Lisa said as she perked up, looking at Lauren for agreement.

"Yea baby, let me know what Lisa does better going down on you so you can help me improve my cock sucking skills," Lauren started as she and Lisa crawled toward Travis with drunken lust painted in their eyes.

Travis froze wondering if her intention was to wait for him to stop them. However, his frozen fear turned to anticipation as Lauren began to help him off with his pants and boxers. "Come on honey, think of it as you educating me, it'll be fun, I promise," Lauren said with a playful sexiness in her tone.

Travis was already cleanly shaven from spending the weekend with Lauren. Lisa was in wide-eyed surprise as she glanced at his close shaving job. Lauren decided it was her job to "warm him up" as she began to stroke his already semi-hard cock. Lauren stopped briefly to lick her hands and continued to jack his dick; Travis loved getting sloppy, wet, drunken blow jobs from Lauren – she was his dirty porn star when she was drinking. He hardened out to about 6.5 inches with a lickable-sized mushroom head and thick girth.

"He's ready," Lauren told Lisa huskily as she licked his pre-cum off her fingers.

Lisa immediately went to work, at first just bobbing her head half way down his cock but soon jacking the base of his dick with her hand. 

"How is she?" Lauren asked sooner than expected.

"She's alright, not like your pornographic blowjobs," Travis replied.

"I was just warming up . . ," Lisa said as she temporarily pulled away from his cock and glared at him with burning eyes.

"Shit, don't let me stop you then . . ." he said as he relaxed his hips and pulled his hands behind his head.

Lisa began to bob her head faster and deeper onto his cock. Spit was starting to stream down his cock the longer she went, picking it up with her lips when she rammed back down on his shaft. Her jacking hand moved down to his balls as her lesson continued. Travis's breath quickened the harder he assaulted his dick. Lauren drew closer with curiosity as she inquisitively made observations on Lisa's technique.

Soon Lauren felt a hand push her head even closer. As if they had read each others' minds, both Travis and Lisa turned to Lauren: Lisa slowly pulled Travis's cock out of her mouth as he adjusted his seating to face Lauren. Travis continued to push down on Lauren's head until he bounced his cock in her face and she took it into her mouth. As if she was now on autopilot, she began to pick up where Lisa left off, going through her usual cock-sucking routine: first licking his head in rough circular strokes, then licking up and down his shaft to get the lubrication she wanted.

Before she realized what was happening Lisa had unbuttoned half her shirt buttons, exposing her enormous breasts which were flooding out of her bra. Lauren looked up at Travis as if for some clarification as to what was happening. Lauren's glistening eyes looking up at him while she continued to gulp his cock in and out of her mouth drove him to a new level. He began to gyrate his hips at her face, but with as much control as he could handle. 

Lisa continued to undress Lauren, slipping her shirt off and unclipping her bra, eventually stripping her down to nothing. Lauren began to brush off anything Lisa was doing to her and concentrate on Travis's cock and imitate her instructor's lesson. Lisa was already topless and flicking her nipple as she teased Lauren's. Lisa was unaware of how sensitive Lauren's nipples were and was shocked by her response.

Lauren immediately began to moan and squeal, sending vibrations up Travis's cock and causing him to increase his face-fucking speed. Lisa realized her hot button and stripped off her skirt and panties, moved behind Lauren, straddled her ass and began groping both Lauren's breasts as she pressed her tits onto Lauren's back. 

Lauren encouraged Lisa's advances, hugging her body into Lisa and urging her to continue her exploration of Lauren's naked body. Travis looked on with astonishment at the scene being played out before him: hours earlier he was convincing his girlfriend to trust that there was no sexual tention between him and his ex-girlfriend, who was now fondeling her. It was even more difficult to concentrate on what was going on now that Lisa became more and more intense in her cock-sucking. 

Lisa groped and scratched Lauren from her neck to her thighs, teasing Lauren all the more. Eventually Lauren grabbed Lisa's hand, pressed it to her clit and began to manually stimulate herself with Lisa's fingers. Lauren continued to fondle Travis as Lisa picked up on her que. While still flicking and pinching Laurens nipple, Lisa teasingly stroked the lips of Lauren's soaking wet pussy. Moving slowly toward her slit, Lisa peaked a finger into her pussy, intruding her deeply to find her hot spot. Lauren squealed when her succeeded and began to gyrate her hand while sucking even harder on Travis's cock.

Lisa felt Lauren's nipples harden while Travis could feel Lauren's lips tighten around his cock as waves of vibrating moans shot up his body. Lauren had a new passion in her eyes, the kind Travis recognized when she wanted to dominate him.

Lisa felt Lauren's pussy tighten and then drown her hand with orgasmic juices. After Lauren's gyrations had subsided she began to crawl out from behind Lauren to make her way back to Travis. Lauren pulled away from Travis to let Lisa take over, although Lauren was no longer interested in a blow job demonstration. Lauren motioned for Travis to get out get on his knees as she slipped around to Lisa's ass. Lisa used her cum-soaked hand to add lubrication to Travis's dick. She passionately sucked away at Travis, enjoying the new taste of Lauren's pussy juice covering his throbbing cock. 

Lauren jerked Lisa's ass up till she was on all fours. Lauren immediately reached down to stick a finger in Lisa's pussy and went away finding her G-spot. Lisa let out a muffled squealed, her face buried into Travis pelvis, expertly deep-throating him entirely. Lauren easily slid in another finger into her already dripping pussy. Lauren began to finger fuck her, so hard she was pushing Lisa into Travis, even further burying his cock into her throat. Lauren stroked her wet fingers up and down Lisa, rubbing her clit and lubing her ass. Soon afterward Lauren snuck her thumb into Lisa's little ass, sending Lisa into a new furry. Travis could no longer contain his gentleness; he grabbed the back of Lisa's head and began to violently fuck her face as Lauren continuously thrusted Lisa's pussy back and forth with her fingers.

With dominating fervor Lauren pulled her other hand back and began slapping Lisa's ass synonymously with her finger fucking. Travis and Lauren were going so hard at Lisa she looked like she was getting finger-cuffed by two guys. Soon tears came to her eyes from the assault, but she enjoyed the attack nonetheless. Lisa was continuously screaming into Travis's dick as Lauren felt her pussy tighten into an orgasm. Lisa weakened and her cock-sucking slowed as she recovered from her overwhelming orgasm.

Everyone had cum except Travis; after seeing Lisa sprawled out on the floor from erotic exhaustion, Lauren decided she would have to finish him off. He stood up to allow her to get on their knees. Lauren went back to sucking Travis's cock as Lisa pulled herself off the floor and followed up licking and fondling his balls. He was covered in Lauren's cum and Lisa's tears, which neither girl could get enough of. Soon both their mouths were molesting his cock, moving up and down in unison, begging for his cum. Both girls were using their strong tongues to stroke his cock up and down, from base to tip. At one point their lips met for a rough-tongued, passionate kiss, but soon went back to the task at hand.

Eventually Lisa left Travis's cock and kept kissing Lauren; moving down from her neck to take a ripe nipple into her mouth. This was all Lauren needed to motivate her to finish Travis off. Lauren was always more aggressive at sucking cock when she was being pleasured, Travis remembered, gracious for Lisa's deed. Lisa tickled Lauren's nipples with subtle bites and tongue flicking, moving from one nipple to the other, wetting them with each kiss. Lauren felt Travis's cock double and prepare to cum. She pulled away just in time and aimed his spurting cock at her tits and Lisa as he drenched them with his cum.

It was something he had always fantasizes about but never thought would play out with Lauren and Lisa, and the way the girls looked, it hadn't stopped yet.