 Linda was pondering her life, here she was a twice divorced mother of two. Has a great job, drives a new car, and kept her figure her whole life. But, her outlook towards men was becoming more and more untrustworthy. She loved men, but her heart has been broken two times too many. She was telling herself to be more cautious the next time. Take her time to really get to know the guy.

Her brother set her up with a blind date from work. His name was Mike, Linda liked him a lot from the get go. But, she wanted this to go slow. Linda loved Mike and he loved her back. A year later, Mike asked Linda to move in with him. She did. Trusting her instincts once again...

Linda's first husband was an angry, mean alcoholic. Fifteen years later she had enough. Soon after, she met her second husband. This seemed like paradise to her. They bought a small farm, had animals, and had a good sex life. But, he was hardly around, told her he was working. In fact, he was cheating on her. Lasted only a couple of years.

Here she was at 47 years old trying again a third time. Not in any hurry to get married again. Decided to just live together, to make sure it was right. Mike seemed right for her. They got along fabulously, did everything together. They hunted, fished, went boating, and had a good sex life. Linda was so far very pleased with Mike.

One night after having sex, Mike started up a inquiring conversation. "Hey babe, can I ask you something about your past?" Linda nodded and said sure. "How was your sex life with your two husbands?"

Linda looked at him, "Does it really matter how it was. Trust me, I'm happy with you in the now, Mike. But, if you want to know, first husband started out good when we were younger. But, he became mean and drank all the damn time. Second, well it was just okay sex, but he thought he was really something, and cheated on me."

Mike then asked, "When you were married, did you, you know, ever do something out of the ordinary. You know, like giving them road head, or doing it outside. That type of thing?"

She chuckled, "Yeah, I've done both actually. What's with the curiosity about my past sex life?"

"I dunno, was just curious, some people have done some pretty far out things. Just wondered if you was one of them. That's all."

"Nah, nothing overly exciting, for me. What about you, done anything far out or wild?"

Mike thought for a moment, "Ah, not really, but the older I get, I have more fantasies about things though."

Linda perked, "Oh yeah, like what mister?"

Mike smiled, "Oh no, you tell me first, what kind do you have? I want to hear what you think about. No matter how far out you think it is, tell me, I'd love to hear what gets you excited."

Linda rolled over on her side, hand holding her head. Looking at Mike she says, "My biggest one, and don't get mad or anything, but, my biggest fantasy is having two guys working me over."

"Really now, wow, that's pretty kinky woman, but I like it. Same for most of guys wanting to have sex with two women at the dame time. Not a damn thing wrong with that fantasy, in my opinion."

"Yeah, sure Mike," Linda rolls back around facing away from him.

Mike playfully slaps at Linda's ass, telling her it's all good. And that there was nothing wrong with having fantasies. 

Days later, Mike couldn't get the image of Linda being with another guy, out of his head. The more he thought about it, the more it seemed to turn him on. Linda was still very attractive and had a great body for 47. She seemed to love sex. Not afraid of foreplay, sucking cock, getting her pussy eaten, even had anal sex once with Mike. The thought was etched in his mind.

One morning on their day off, Linda was making coffee. Mike walked in the kitchen and sat down. Linda said good morning, and poured Mike a coffee. Mike spoke, "Hey babe, remember that fantasy talk we had a couple weeks ago?"

Linda turned and said, "Sure, what of it?"

He replied, "I've been giving it a lot of thought lately. Matter of fact, it's all I've thought about since. I think we try a threesome with another guy."

Linda looked at him eyes wide, "What? It was only a fantasy, I didn't mean I really wanted to do it. Geezus, you want me cheat in front of you, it's what you're telling me."

With a lower voice, Mike said, "I think watching you with another guy would be super fucking hot Linda, sorry. And besides, it's not cheating if I'm there anyway."

Linda takes a seat at the table by Mike, "So, you're telling me you want me to fuck another guy in front of you. Wouldn't this make you jealous, what if he had a huge cock, wouldn't that bother you?"

"No, I'm sure I could handle it okay Linda, I just want to see you happy, and enjoying your life more, that's all honey."

Linda said nothing more. Got up and poured herself another coffee. Mike, feeling like he made her mad, didn't push the issue any further.

Mike still kept thinking of her with another man. Plotting in his head, how am I going to change her mind without making her think I was weird or something. He really wanted he to please another in front of him. An idea had suddenly hit him. He would buy a dildo, yeah he would buy her as rubber cock.

Mike googled for the closest sex shop. Went after work one day and bought an average size dildo with balls attached. He was amazed at the size of some of those dildos. He bought it and hid it until their next sex romp. Which he hoped would be soon.

Friday night came, and it was bed time. Mike was hoping tonight was the night. when the lights went out, Mike started to snuggle up to Linda. She seemed receptive. French kissing, hands roaming, both playing with each other. Linda made her way between his legs, sucking on his cock. After a couple of minutes, Mike looked down, "How about a little sixty-nine babe?"

Linda complied, moving herself, so her smooth pussy was right over Mike's face. Both them sucked and licked each other. Mike had hidden the dildo under his pillow. When her pussy was juicy enough, he dropped his head. Rubbing the dildo up and down her swollen slit, getting the dildo tip wet. Linda felt this, and stopped sucking his cock, looked back at Mike.

"What the hell was that, that sure wasn't no tongue or finger."

"Just relax honey, it's just a treat I bought to try with you. It's just a dildo." He held it out so she could see it. "See babe, it's not real big, Just go back to sucking me, and let me please you."

She went back to sucking his cock. Mike smiling huge now, rubbed that dildo on her wet slit. Then slowly, slid it in her. She liked the feeling. As she pushed her ass back farther taking it all in. Mike then fucked her sopping hole while she sucked, she was moaning more than normal, and taking his cock deeper than ever before.

Mike knew that he did good by this. Linda came all over that rubber dick. She actually was fucking it herself. Moving her ass back and forth, as Mike held it. Linda wanted the real cock. She lifted her legs off Mike and quickly sat on his cock. Riding him up and down hard. Holding her small tits, looking almost at the ceiling fucking him.

After cumming on his cock, Linda slowed her pace down. Now wiggling her hips back and forth on Mike. Mike looked up and said, "Wanna try putting this dildo in your ass, get some lube and do both holes at the same time?"

Linda panting hard, got face to face with Mike, "I don't think it will fit babe. I already have enough cock in me. My ass couldn't handle all that."

Mike didn't push it, put the dildo back under his pillow. Linda was licking and sucking on Mike's nipples, cock buried in her. She knew he would cum quick like this. And he did, his cock blasting deep inside her, her tongue lashing his nipples.

He waited some time before bringing up the dildo to her. They were in the car coming back from grocery shopping when he did. "So umm babe, did you enjoy my little surprise the other night?"

Linda peeked over while he was driving, "Have to admit, it felt pretty damn good. But I think you already knew that."

Mike coughed, "Ahem, so how do you think it would feel if that was a man fucking you like that, while you sucked my cock? You know, the real deal sugar."

After a slight pause, Linda replied, "Who or how do we go about doing this? I don't want some strange guy from the internet. I would prefer someone we knew. How do ask someone, Is it like, hi, please come fuck me with my husband. You just can't come right out and ask you know."

Mike thought, "Well, how about one of my co-workers, or maybe one of yours. We could just invite him over for a night of cards or barbeque or something. Have you wear something hot, and flirt a bit. Maybe I could egg him on some, hell I don't know. We can figure something out."

They discussed possibilities when they got home. Linda told Mike about a long time co-worker who was single. She's known him over ten years. And her friend Rhonda had a short fling with him. Rhonda always bragged openly about his nice cock and he knew how to use it. Maybe she could ask John over for a barbeque. It was the final answer, she would invite John.

Next time at work, Linda was walking in the hallway, when she seen John. He was talking to another co-worker. She waited until the conversation ended and then moved in on him. 

"Good morning John, how's your day going?"

John smiled at her, "Linda, good morning, everything's cool, how you doing?"

"Oh fine, fine, say John, have any plans this Saturday afternoon?" Boyfriend and I wanted to ask if you'd be interested in some barbeque, after we could play cards, or if you like pool, we have a pool table in our basement. How about it, you could meet my boyfriend finally anyways."

John looked at Linda, "Umm, yeah sure, sounds like a good time, give me your address and what time and I'm there."

Saturday afternoon rolled around, it was about four. John pulled into Linda and her man's driveway. Linda and Mike both came out to meet him. Linda spoke, "John, this is Mike, Mike, John." The both shook hands, both saying it was nice to meet. Mike told John to follow him out back as the barbeque was already fired up.

Now on this day, Linda was looking exceptionally hot. A denim mini skirt, that tightly wrapped around her tiny hips and ass. Nice blouse on, her hair all hanging loose. Long blonde locks that went past her shoulders. She is about five foot six, small boobs, but they fit her tiny frame. 

Mike grilled the rib eye steaks, Linda had made some salad. There was corn on the cob, pasta salad, macaroni salad, and deviled eggs. Quite a feast just for three. The eating part went very smoothly. Just a lot of work talk, sports, and how good everything was. 

Mike and Linda actually plotted what was to happen after dinner and so it began.

Mike says excitedly, " John, you like shooting pool, got a table downstairs. It's cooler there. I have plenty to drink. Wide screen TV, can watch any sport you like. Whatcha say huh?"

"Well, not that good at pool, but like playing, the drink sounds nice. Lead the way folks."

The three of them went downstairs in the basement. Mike turned the lights on, fired up the TV, handed John a beer. John strolled over near the pool table. Checked out the cues. Linda switched on the light over the pool table. She grabbed a cue, as John was looking at them.

Mike spoke, "Say, why don't you two play, I really should clean my grill. It's better to clean when it hot. Hate trying to scrub all that crap off the next day. I'll be back in a flash."

John shrugged, "Okay, she'll probably kick my ass anyway. Bet she can play this."

Linda started racking the balls. Looked at John, "Wanna break, you're my guest, go ahead and break."

John hopped off the bar stool, Grabbed his cue and slammed the cue ball. Nothing feel in the pockets. Linda scanned the table, looking for her shot. John sat back on the stool. She got in front of John, leaned over holding her cue stick. John got a huge eyeful, Linda was wearing no panties, and her pussy was in complete view. Nice and bald, with pink flesh hanging from her slit. John tried hard not to look, but couldn't.

Linda missed, she straightened up, offering the table to John. He takes his shot, being an amateur, he missed again. Linda was back, again, she stood on the same side bent way over this time. Even lifting her leg a little. John saw more pink pussy and her asshole this time. He gulped on his beer. Feeling warmer than usual, from Linda's flashing. John began thinking, she's doing this on purpose. To torture poor John.

This happened like five times, Linda shot from the same side every time. Flashed her ass and pussy every time. John had finished his beer. Went to the fridge to grab another. Sweat was building on his forehead. John had a hard time keeping his jeans from bulging out. His dick was rock hard.

Linda another shot, this time she turned around. And sat in John's lap, before he could get up for his shot. Sat right down on his hard on. He gulped, waiting for Linda to say something. She twisted and moved her ass over his covered prick. Finally, she spoke up, "John, how long have we known each other? A lot of years huh. If I didn't have Mike as a boyfriend, would you go out with me and have sex too?"

John stuttered, "Umm yyeah Linda, if you weren't involved I would. But honey, you have a boyfriend, and he'll be back any moment. I don't want him to see me like this."

Linda smiled, then whispering in John's ear, "John, don't think poorly of me, but I want you to fuck me with Mike here. By the way your cock is responding, I think you want me. Trust me, Mike knows all about this. He doesn't care is fully okay with this. What do you say huh?"

John felt more relaxed, Replying back, "I knew something was up. Linda all you had to do was ask. I'm not new to three-some or even four-some. I've done my share of the group thing. Only thing is I'm not bi or gay, don't dig guy on guy anything. But, I understand there can be closeness, and I'm okay with that. That's the only rules I have kiddo."

Linda smiled, kissed John on the cheek. Then she yelled up the stairs, "Mike, come on down here."

Mike returned to the basement. Linda off my lap. Looking at her boyfriend, "It's all set, last chance to back out now buddy." He shook his head.

"Mike, just wanted to say, are you sure you're okay with this?" Mike said yes, everything was good. He walked over by the big screen TV, he tossed in a porn movie. Near the pool table was a sofa, a pull out sofa. Mike pulled it open, Linda taking pillows from a closet. She threw them on the pull out bed. John took a seat on the edge of the pull out. Linda sat next to him. Hand on his thigh. Mike standing with TV remote in hand.

Linda took a hold of John's shirt, lifting it over his head. He helped. Linda's hand roams over his hairy chest. Fingers making circles on his nipples. She kisses his upper chest, her mouth dropping lower, Sucking in and using her tongue over his hard nipples. Her fingers tracing the outline of his bulging prick. She softly pushes him down, begins undoing his fly. Lowering his zipper. Her hand trying to slide his jeans off, but he helps taking them off.

This whole time Mike just watching. John fully naked, Linda sits up, removing her blouse, she wore no bra either. Her perky little tits jut out, both nipples harder than a rock. She lifts her ass off the pull out, slipping her denim mini off. John peers down, seeing her shaved pussy with a strip. She lies back down next to John. Continuing where she left off.

Her hot mouth teasing his nipples, her hand softly strokes his hard almost eight inch shaft, Then cupping his balls, pulling them gently, then back around his shaft. She leaves his nipples, moving herself down on his cock. Opening her little mouth, her lips stretch taking his nice cock in. She moans as she sucks on him. Mike still watching intently.

She takes most of John's prick deep, making her choke a little, Then rising back up, swirling her tongue over his sensitive cock head. Loving the taste of his pre-cum, moves down, sucking each ball into her mouth. Making sucking noises as she sucks hard. John motions for her to straddle his face. She does, lifting her leg over him. Her sweet puffy lipped cunt right over his face. John attacks it, Sliding his tongue all over her swollen cunt lips, tracing them up and down. Tasting her juicy cum, running out from her tight pussy.

Using his hands he opens her ass wider. barely touching her asshole with his tongue. Making his tongue pointed, he forces it inside her very taut asshole. Loving the taste of her ass. He moans, eating her like a wild man. Minutes later, Linda flails her leg over John, Positioning herself over his cock. Both her knees on John's hips. She guides his big cock inside. Closing her eyes, a soft moan escapes her, She starts riding him nice and slow.

Both of them, getting lost into each other. Forgetting about Mike. But, Mike was naked too now, standing next to the pull out. Mike's cock is nice, about six inches long but a bit thicker than John's. Mike standing there, his cock hard. Linda bends down and over, taking his cock deep in her mouth. The sight was unbelievable. Both men watched each other pleasing Linda.

This only continued for a few minutes as Mike pulls away from Linda. He grabs something off the bar. Some bottle of something. Walks behind Linda, and Linda knows exactly what's about to happen. She lays on John's chest, whispering, "You okay with Mike putting his cock in my ass?" John mumbled out, "Yes, that's fine." Linda keeping herself on John's chest. Mike squeezes some lubricant on his fingers.

He spreads the cold lube on Linda's ass, then lubes his prick. He climbs behind her, doggy style, Linda stops moving and John lays still. Linda makes some faces. Mike attempts opening her ass. Linda squeals, "Oh my god, oh my god, be gentle honey, oh my god." Her body stiffens as her ass starts opening for Mike. John watched her face intently. Almost pain like face, Linda pushes back against Mike.

She yelps an, "Oh shit," as Mike finally puts it in. Slowly he gives her more inches. Both men feeling each others cock inside her. Linda starts bucking slowly. John tries moving his hips up and down. Mike has a hold of her hips. Banging his cock in her sweet tight ass. Linda really loving this. As the pain part subsides, she pants, "Oh god yes, fuck yes, fill me, oh shit, yes, so nice, yes, oh god."

One minute later John knew Linda had cum. The wet heat from her pussy flowed over his cock. He also was ready to let loose. He panted and groaned, forcing his cock deep as he could. His thick load shot off inside her. She actually let out a dull scream. She milked his rod, until both their cum ran onto his balls.

Moment later Mike did the same. pushing his cock all the way in her ass. He grunted like a cave man, "Arrgghh," as he also emptied his cock in Linda's ass. Linda was almost out of breath. Smiling, she licked her lips, as Mike pulled his spent prick from her ass. Linda flinched as it popped from her ass. She rolled off John, taking breaths, lying next to him. all three worn out from what happened.

Afterwards, the three of them discussed the evening. And the consensus was all, had a very good time. Especially Linda, whose deep fantasy had happened. She was glad that it did. She has never felt this satisfied before. Glad that Mike allowed her to try and happy with the outcome.