 Heather was a slut when we met. I didn't know it when we met, but it didn't take long to figure it out and once I did it didn't take long until we were fucking. There were two obstacles for our relationship; my wife and her boyfriend.

I was 44 and she was 20. I was an average looking guy, but at 44 looked more in my early thirties. She was 20 and looked 20, if that. She wasn't beautiful, but was definitely not unattractive. At 5'6" with a slender waist and ample 36 D tits with long curly strawberry hair, she could be stunning at times.

Heather had a serious lack of confidence and I was a shy older man, so it took a while for innocent flirting to develop into both of us using any excuse possible to be away for a day or two at a time. We were always holed up in a motel somewhere.

Soon, we were talking about our fantasies and telling stories while we fucked. It seemed we were both probing to see how far the other was willing to go. I soon found that she had her limits. And I liked to push her past them.

She liked to be called a slut when we fucked, but hated to be called a whore. So, I started to whisper whore in her ear. In order to reinforce it, I told her how it would turn me on if she fucked someone for money. She was from a racist family, and although she wasn't, she was not into black guys. So, I pushed her into them. She had a steady diet of one black guy after another.

She didn't like the idea of cuckolding me, so I pushed her to find a guy that she liked, but made it hard for her to be in control. It was always drama. I would push her to spend the weekend in Philadelphia at his house, and then call her and tell her she was a slut and didn't care about me.

I don't think I realized I was doing any of this at the time, but looking back that is exactly what I was doing.

On the way to Baltimore, there is an adult bookstore with the sleaziest porn theater you have ever seen in the rear. The theater is dark, with 4 rooms connected by a common hallway. 2 rooms have standard "straight" porn while two of them have gay porn. There are sofas and chairs arranged in these rooms facing the big screen TV's displaying the porn.

I can't tell you how bad this furniture looked, because I never saw it in the light. I know, I felt skeezy just touching it. And the guys that went in there weren't a whole lot better.

Heather and I had talked about wanting to go up there together. She wanted to fuck while we were watched. She also wanted to go into a gloryhole booth together and watch me suck cock. I told her I loved to watch her suck cock. Every time I got her to give in to something else, I pushed a little further. She was eventually nervous because our plans had morphed into me presenting her to a room full of strangers.

While she was getting dressed, I was making suggestions as to what she should wear. I knew that I needed to guide her rather than try to control her. She would pick a pair of jeans and I would tell her that was fine, but at the same time would be holding a very short black skirt. She asked if I liked that better and when I said yes, she chose it.

She liked the top I chose. It was a white ¾ sleeve button up shirt that always looked great with that skirt. She normally wore it with a black Victoria's Secret push up bra and only had one button fastened on the shirt. Her tits were glorious and so wonderfully exposed I loved when she wore it because I loved watching everybody stare at her whether they wanted to or not. Leering looks from men caused me to smile. Disapproving looks from women caused us to giggle.

I loved her being a slut and I loved her looking like a slut.

But this day, there was no bra because I wanted to be able to get her tits out more easily. We ended up buttoning a few buttons below her tits to act as support, but the upper buttons were undone.

With her short black skirt white shirt she wore black stripper heels. She was taller than me, with her long curly red hair, long legs and perfect tits and looked like a perfect slut as we walked in to Bush River Adult Bookstore and Theater.

We paid our 10 dollar admittance to the theater (women got in free naturally) and started in. She was hesitant and holding my hand. I didn't pull her, but walked just far enough ahead that my hand was leading her. I told her it would be all right and we would stop if it got to be too much for her, but I knew that it was not going to be me that stopped it unless it got out of control.

Bush River's theater is the seediest place ever. It has four rooms, each with a big screen projection TV playing a looped DVD. 2 rooms playing "straight" movies and 2 rooms play "gay" movies. We chose the furthest of the "straight" rooms.

The room had two rows of couches and the door by the wall was lined with recliners. The upholstery was in terrible condition and I am sure that an inspection under light would reveal, well... you wouldn't want to see it in the light.

There were probably ten people in there. They were all male. It was mostly older men watching the movie or watching the guy on his knees sucking another's dick in the back corner. But, they all took notice of Heather when we walked in.

All eyes were on her as we sat in the two recliners closest to the door. I was nervous because I didn't know how I was going to get this started. I could tell how nervous because she didn't want to be there. She was only there because I wanted it.

So, we watched the movie holding hands for a few minutes. I saw everyone waiting to see what was going to happen next, so I started it.

I took her hand and guided her to my lap. She was a perfect fit. If ever a girl had been molded to fit someone, it was her for me. When we walked and I put my arm around her, the curve of her hips perfectly supported my arm. When we slept and curled up around each other, her waist made the perfect place for my arms to pass around her. When she sat in my lap, her ass would grind against my cock and my face would be right at her neck.

And again, it was so. She couldn't help it. She could feel my hard cock pressing into her ass and she started to move as I began to kiss her neck and felt her glorious mane in my face. I bit and nibbled and kissed her neck and whispered to her that I loved her being a slut and it was so hot.

My hands began to caress her stomach and up to the bottom of her tits. She slid forward slightly, and reached around behind her to pull my cock out. I helped her with that, because it kept her distracted from the fact that the other men were moving closer for a better view.

I could see some of them had their cocks out in their hands jerking off, while others just watched.

I reached for the uppermost closed button on her shirt to open it, and her hand brushed mine away slightly. I acted as if I didn't notice and unbuttoned it anyway. Then I played with her tits while she slowly stroked my cock. 

I opened the next button, and she didn't resist, but I noticed her eyes were now closed. She was resigned to almost anything I wanted. So I took the opportunity to push some more.

I unbuttoned the last button on her shirt and let those beautiful tits tumble out. I knew she wasn't looking, so as I began to tease them, I whispered in her ear "You should look. They are all watching you. They know you are a slut and they want to know what's going to happen next"

I moved my hands under her breasts and cupped them, lifting them high to present them to everyone in the room. Only one guy took the hint, but he didn't hesitate. He immediately was on his knees sucking on nipple while playing with the other. He was obviously turned on to be sucking on twenty year old pierced nipples, since he was probably in his fifties.

Once he attacked her tits, it didn't take long for others to join him. There were four or five guys around her, all reaching for her tits, pinching her nipples, pulling on the nipple rings, and touching her hair.

I held her tits out for one guy to suck while I whispered constantly in her ear. "Don't you feel like a slut? How does it feel to have strangers playing with your tits?" I kissed her neck until she seemed to withdraw and then I withdrew.

The more she tried to get into it, the more I called her a slut and told her I loved her. I told her I loved seeing her tits in someone else's mouth while I slid my fingers under her skirt and groped for her pussy.

It wasn't wet. She was scared more than turned on, so I started to gently massage her clit while telling her how much I loved her and how sexy she was and how I loved her being the center of attention. I could feel her starting to loosen up. She relaxed a bit and then she started to get wet.

Then I switched from calling her a slut to calling her a whore while lifting her skirt to expose her pussy. She balked, but I kept it exposed. She just lay there in resignation. She was letting them touch her however they wanted. I then motioned for a guy who was intently watching me finger her pussy to go ahead.

He got on his knees and dove straight in. He furiously lapped her cunt, and when his tongue touched her the first time, I felt her shiver, but she didn't move. After a moment where her legs contracted against the man between them, they opened wider.

She was no longer stroking my cock, but rather sitting on my lap leaning back against me with her arms just hanging there. I touched one of her hands and moved to a cock that was out beside her. She didn't stop me.

She let me curl her hand around it, and she began to unenthusiastically stroke it.

"That's a good whore." No reaction. "Stroke his cock. You want to make him cum, don't you? You're a slut and a whore. You want them all. You know I want you to. I want you to suck them. I want to see them cum on you. I want you to be my whore."

She was just there. I am sure at this point she was just somewhere else in her mind. So, I pushed harder. I motioned for a guy to bring his cock next to her mouth.

It was an old guy, overweight, with greasy gray hair and a shriveled little cock. She never even looked at him, she just opened her mouth when I said I wanted to see her suck his cock. 

He put it in her mouth and she closed her lips on it. Her head began to move on his stiffening member. As it got harder, she sucked a little more enthusiastically, all the while never looking at him.

Others started to crowd around her face to get their cocks closer to her mouth, and she took turns sucking them all. I am sure that she didn't know if she was sucking Johnny Depp or Danny Devito. She wasn't doing it because she wanted to. Only because I wanted her to.

It was chaos. They were all touching her, fighting for her attention, alternating their cocks in her face and her hands.

Then it happened. The guy between her legs had pulled his cock out of his pants. He took the hard cock, which was actually the most impressive of the group, and touched it to the rim of her pussy.

"He's gonna fuck you", I whispered in her ear.

That woke her up. She released the cocks from her hands, and turned away from the cock in her mouth, pushing the guy between her legs away. She looked me angrily in the eyes and started to stand up.

I held her down and began to apologize. I told her she looked like she was enjoying it, and I would never let anything happen that she didn't want. All she had to do was tell me no and I would have stopped it.

I was whispering this in her ear, telling her I loved her while buttoning up her shirt. We stood up and holding hands we walked out past the man behind the counter into the bright sunshine.

Without a word, we walked to the car, where I opened her door, as I always did, and went around to get in myself

We didn't speak for a while on the ride home. 

"Couldn't you tell I didn't want to do that?" she finally asked me.

"I just thought you were nervous. If you had wanted to stop, you know all you have to do is say so. I never want to push you into something you don't want to do. But, you were very hot." I made sure to slip that in. "But, I am sorry."

Things were a little strained around the house when we got home. There was no arguing, just a little tension. That is, until we went to bed.

She lay her head on my shoulder, and I pulled her close. My hands started to caress her shoulder and then I kissed her neck. I told her I loved her and she kissed me back. She reached down to caress my cock, and before long we were fucking hard and fast.

While I was pounding her pussy as hard as I could, I started to whisper to her how hot she looked being a slut. How hot it was to see her letting them use her. How much I loved it when she was sucking them. How hot it would have been to watch that one guy fuck her.

She was cumming loudly over and over again.

TBC