 Heather was a slut when we met. I didn't know it when we met, but it didn't take long to figure it out and once I did it didn't take long until we were fucking. There were two obstacles for our relationship; my wife and her boyfriend.

I was 44 and she was 20. I was an average looking guy, but at 44 looked more in my early thirties. She was 20 and looked 20, if that. She wasn't beautiful, but was definitely not unattractive. At 5'6" with a slender waist and ample 36 D tits with long curly strawberry hair, she could be stunning at times.

She didn't like black guys. Well, it wasn't that she didn't like them. She had never been exposed to them and was also from a very racist southern family. She told me she would be disowned if her family ever found out that she fucked a black guy.

I loved pushing her past her limits, so when I found out she wasn't into black guys, I became obsessed with her fucking black guys. 

We had become members of a swinger's website. We had met a few guys and a girl or two from the site but never a black person. I eventually came upon a guy named Brian.

He was black, reasonably attractive, pretty close by and had two things that Heather really did like going for him. He had these wonderful abs. In the pictures his athletic body was shiny and wet and the dark, rippled abdomen reflected the flash of the camera. And he had a huge, erect, shaved cock. At the time it was difficult for me to admit that I admired a cock, but I admired his. It was perfect. It was dark, and veiny and looked like it was chiseled from ebony granite. It was perfectly shaved and erect, with just a slight upward turn at the end.

She was as taken by his cock and abs as I was taken by the idea that he was black. So, she let me contact him. 

It wasn't more than a day when we got a response. He lived in Harrisburg, PA, which is about an hour and a half away. We decided to go to his house.

He lived in a pretty nice town house neighborhood. When he let us in the door, he had an Oakland Raiders rug on the floor. That was my common ground to begin conversation.

"So you are a Raiders fan", It was more of a question than a statement, but really lived somewhere between the two.

"Born and raised", he replied as he shook my hand.

"I don't know if this is going to work out," I said with an ornery smile. "I am a Patriots fan."

He held up his fingers in the sign of a cross as his eyes moved up and down Heathers body. She was wearing her favorite black skirt, so short that her ass cheeks were peeking out the bottom. But only about two inches of the skirt showed because she had an almost transparent white lace shirt that covered a black Victoria's Secret push up bra and came down very low on the skirt. She had on tall black heels and she had on no underwear.

Brian had two large pieces of furniture in his smallish living room. He had a sofa and an armchair. He sat on the armchair as we started to talk.

He was a nice guy. I liked him and he joked how we were the same person with different skin. We liked a lot of the same music, the same TV, plays, books, sports. He played tennis competitively and that was the reason and the means for him to stay in such good shape.

This was the first time Heather and I had met a black guy, and she was nervous but he was so cool that the meeting had turned from a nervous sexual encounter to a group of friends hanging out and I didn't want that. If it had gone on much longer Heather would have been too nervous to continue.

So, as we talked I began to slide my hands up and down her thighs. Each time I would go a little further under her skirt until eventually I was touching her inner thigh right next to her pussy. I touched her clit and was shocked that she didn't try to stop me.

Just by touching the outside of her beautifully shaven pussy, I could already tell that she was wet. She got wet fast and often and a lot. I mean, running down the crack of her ass wet. She wasn't there yet, because she was nervous. 

So, I lifted her skirt and exposed her pussy to Brian as I moved both hand to her labia and began to run them and pull them apart. She pressed her pussy into my fingers as I started to grope it more energetically.

Her eyes were closed, but Brian's weren't. He was watching intently. She had also dropped out of the conversation and into complete silence while Brian and I continued to talk about everything under the sun and I played with her pussy for him, making her wetter and wetter while he was having a harder and harder time keeping his distance.

My fingers began to trace the outline of her damp pussy lips, lingering on her enlarged clit and then sliding down to open her up for him. That was all he could take. He was up from the sofa and on his knees in front of her. He began slowly licking her pussy as I held it open for him.

It wasn't long before he picked her up from my lap and deposited her on his Raiders rug. He climbed between her legs and began to work on her pussy in earnest. I was on my knees at her head, and she reached for my zipper and pulled my cock out. 

She took it in her mouth and directed me to slowly fuck her mouth while Brian liked her pussy. 

She was in heaven. She loved to have someone...anyone...lick, suck, bite, or otherwise stimulate her orally, and she was moaning loudly as she took my cock to her throat over and over.

Then, Brian took his cock out and in seconds he was in her pussy. She gasped as his large cock entered her. She arched her back to take it deeper. By the time Brian had thrust into her twice she was no longer thinking about sucking my cock. She just braced to take his cock deeper and deeper.

"Harder", she said over and over until he was pounding her like a madman. She reached down to pull her pussy lips further apart for him as he told her he was about to cum.

He thrust into her a few more times, and then his body tensed. She wrapped her legs around him trying to pull him in deeper as tried to back out.

He managed to get his cock out just before he shot a huge load on her stomach. Multiple streams of wet, stick cum plastered her abdomen. He reached down and kissed her as she began to play in the cum.

"Why did you pull out?" she asked.

"I want to be careful."

We sat around talking for a few minutes. He told her how amazing she was, and she told him how much she loved his cock and his abs. He was sitting on the sofa and again she was in my lap in the chair.

But, while we talked, she continued playing with the cum on her stomach. Suddenly, she put her fingers to my lips and told me to lick it.

I didn't hesitate. 

She caressed my lips and put her fingers in my mouth. When I took the cum off her fingers, she began getting more. She began to fuck my mouth with her fingers while she continued to talk to Brian about meeting again and what kind of dinner and drinks we liked.

Then, she told me to just get on the floor and clean her up so we could go out to dinner.

Again, I didn't hesitate.

I started licking at her pussy, which smelled of another man's cum. I liked up her crack and stopped at her clit. She moaned slightly, but told me to just clean her up. So, I licked all of Brian's cum from her.

My cock was as hard as it had ever been when she stopped me.

Brian suggested we go out to dinner. It was his treat.

We went in my car. Heather had me drive, but she got in the back seat with Brian. They directed me to the restaurant as they made out in the back seat. I could hear them. I usually listed to the stereo, but I kept the car quiet because I was so turned on.

I couldn't see back there very well, but I could tell that Heather was sucking his cock as he was giving me directions. In the silence I could hear his subdues moans. And then, he must have cum, because we were there, and they were done.

We went in the restaurant, a fairly nice, semi-casual steak house, and they walked in together with me trailing. The hostess led the three of us to a booth and, of course, they sat on one side and me on the other.

I was so turned on I couldn't give you a lot of details from the rest of the night. I know that I could tell she was stroking Brian's cock under the table the whole time we waited for the server. She didn't stop when the server arrived. The whole time she was taking our order, Heather was stroking Brian and looking directly at me.

I was embarrassed. And I liked it too. I mouthed for her to kiss him. She did.

Deep, sexual kisses for all to see.. I knew she had his cock in her hand too..

Then she pulled her hand out from under the table, and it had a small amount of cum on it. 

She put it to her lips and sucked it off as she smiled at me.

We ate and said our goodbyes. Brian paid for everything and we dropped him off at his house and began the drive home.

She asked me how I liked it. I told her it was the hottest thing I could imagine and she just said "Good".

We got home, and climbed into bed. WE curled up with her head on my shoulder and we just talked.

Heather loved to be called a slut. She hated to be called a whore.

But, that night, when I said "I was so turned on. You were such a whore tonight", she just smiled as she began to drift off.

I believe that was the first time she didn't object to being called a whore.

TBC