 Heather was a slut when we met. I didn't know it when we met, but it didn't take long to figure it out and once I did it didn't take long until we were fucking. There were two obstacles for our relationship; my wife and her boyfriend.

I was 44 and she was 20. I was an average looking guy, but at 44 looked more in my early thirties. She was 20 and looked 20, if that. She wasn't beautiful, but was definitely not unattractive. At 5'6" with a slender waist and ample 36 D tits with long curly strawberry hair, she could be stunning at times.

She liked big cocks. Before we started dating, sometimes even in the presence of her boyfriend, we would talk about our sexual adventures and fantasies. She had much more experience than I did, even with the age difference. I had fucked a grand total of approximately six girls in my entire life. At 22 years old, she told me I was number 18. Four of those were the same night. They were best friends of a guy in the Air Force whom she was staying with overnight. They kind of took turns, and there was oe time when she was sucking one guys cock while getting fucked, but that was the closest to a gangbang she had ever been.

She wanted a gangbang. I wanted her to have a gangbang. We had already met some guys from SLS for sexual encounters, but it had always been one at a time. I had, however, pushed her to fuck a black guy. She was from a racist family that would have disowned her if they ever found out she had been with a black guy, and she had no interest.

So, I pushed her into black guys. Fortunately, the first one we met, a great guy named Brian, was nice, had great abs, and a perfect 10 inch cock. Although she still wasn't comfortable with the whole concept of black guys, she liked Brian. The fact that she had fucked him multiple times and liked it gave me leverage to push her into more.

When we started looking for a gangbang, we found a guy on a swinger's website named Jim who organized gangbang parties. He was all about meeting the girl's needs and never pushing her and respecting her limits. But, she was shy and didn't have much confidence, so she let me do all the talking to Jim.

I am sure if Jim had been talking to her directly, he would have sensed the hesitance in her voice, and things would have been a lot different. But, he was talking to me. And when he said what about black guys she told me to tell him no.

I told her it might be hard to set it up without ANY black guys. And besides, I thought she looked hot fucking black guys. It turned me on. So, she relented. 

I told Jim we wanted four to six guys, a mixture of black and white, large cocks, and no one that was uncircumcised. She thought uncut cocks were disgusting.

One hurdle at a time. I was working on gangbangs and black guys right now. But, I tucked her aversion to foreskin away for future reference.

For the time being, we scheduled a gangbang with 6 guys, two of them black, to be held at a hotel near the airport in Philadelphia. Everyone was circumcised, and all had larger than average cocks.

She got dressed in her favorite slut outfit; a short black skirt, although this one was slightly longer by about two inches than usual. When she walked, you couldn't see the lower portion of her ass cheeks as she walked. She did wear underwear this time, as well. It was a black thong from Victoria's Secret. She wore a black pinstriped corset, which I had to lace up in the back. Her tits were up and exposed almost down to the areola.

Her strawberry hair hung in ringlets to her waist and her pale skin starkly contrasted her dark clothing.

She was an enticing slut and she knew it. That didn't stop me from telling her so.

She had told me that sometimes, she felt as if she was good for nothing but sex. I never did find out for sure what caused that lack of self-worth, but I used it to my advantage. 

I talked continually about how hot she was, and how much I loved fuckinng her, and how much I loved her fucking everybody, and how I wanted her to be a complete slut. It was too early in the night to use the word whore. She hated being called that. She loved being a slut and being called a slut, but didn't want to be called a whore.

So, I never called her a whore until she was involved in sex and enjoying it or afterwards. I used the word slut to turn her on and the word whore to break down her resistance.

The ride up there was uneventful. We rode in nervous excitement, with me just keeping enough conversation going to keep her turned on. We had purchased some beer and even though we were violating the open container law and she was only 20, she was drinking to loosen her inhibitions.

When we arrived, everyone else was already there.

Once we shut the door behind us, and everyone introduced themselves, we settled into basic "How was the trip, how was traffic" type conversation. It was boring. I was hoping that all the encouragement I had been doing and the drinking would have her ready to be the aggressor, but that wasn't the case.

So, I started to caress her and expose her tits. She just leaned back into me and let it happen. Shortly, we were all standing in the middle of the room in a group with me presenting her to a group of men, much as I had presented her to Brian.

Jim was amazed at her tits.

"You have the best natural tit's we have ever seen", he told her as I pushed the up and out closer to him so he could take her nipples in his mouth. 

Another guy lifted her skirt and pulled aside her thong to touch her pussy. She moaned as his fingers touched her clit, so he inserted his finger into her wet pussy and put it to her mouth.

She began to suck his fingers without hesitation and that seemed to be the signal fpr everyone to begin. Hands were caressing her ass and her pussy while both her tits were being sucked. I just stood there holding her and took it all in.

Then, Jim took her hand and led her to the bed.

I watched with a feeling of anticipations as she climbed on the bed and crawled to the middle with her skirt hiked up and her milky ass shining in the stark light of the hotel room. Her shaved pussy glistened.

She rolled on her back in the middle of the bed and the guys immediately began taking their clothes off where they stood. Jim was the first with his cock in her mouth and one of the black guys took his position at her pussy while the other guys made their way to her hands.

I had taken my clothes off at the same time as the others and she was jerking me off as well. My cock was so hard as I watched her let Jim slowly fuck her pretty face. She let out a barely audible moan with each thrust in and was grinding her pussy.

Leo, the black guy at her pussy, got to his knees and put his cock at the entrance to her pussy and I watched as my girlfriend had a cock in her pussy and her mouth at the same time while she was jerking me and a couple of other guys off.

Jim, whose cock was the smallest of the group, said "I have to try that pussy" as she left her mouth and began to walk around the bed. Leo pulled out of her pussy and before he could get to the head of the bed, there was already another cock in her mouth.

She didn't question whose cock was in her mouth and didn't hesitate to begin sucking it. If a cock appeared at her mouth she began to suck it. She didn't question who was in her pussy and she jerked off whoever had their cock in her hands.

She lay there like a disinterested slut who believed this is what she was for and I began to lose interest.

Until I had an idea. I went to my pants and pulled out my camera.

I went back to the head of the bed and started snapping pictures of Heather with a cock in her mouth and a cock in her pussy and something changed. 

She came to life. She watched me and the camera as she sucked a cock energetically thrusting her head forward and taking it as deeply as she could. She began telling whoever was fucking her to fuck harder and deeper. She jerked cocks off with more vigor, directing them to her mouth and pussy when she wanted them.

Every command or new dick in her mouth brought a smile for me and for the camera. I moved around the bed snapping pictures from every imaginable angle while her gaze followed me no matter what else she was doing.

She was performing for me. She was putting on a show and whatever I told her to do or however I told her to do it, she performed with a smile for the camera.

I told he to take that cock deeper and she went down on it till she gagged. I told her to tell him to fuck you harder and she yelled "Fuck me Harder!". 

Now, as she was pounded from the rear, she bounced her ass off Jim's stomach. As she took turns sucking cocks, she was getting sloppier and sloppier all the while moaning more and more.

When Jim was ready to cum, and asked her where he should cum, without hesitation she asked me where I wanted it.

"A good whore always swallows", I said without hesitation.

She just smiled and pointed to her mouth. Jim put his stiff cock in her mouth and it glistened with her pussy juices as he thrust it deep over and over until his body stiffened and she began to smile as his cum shot into her mouth and escaped onto her cheek.

When he pulled out, she pushed the escaped jizz back into her mouth and without hesitation swallowed it. She looked around the room and asked who was next.

Each of them took turns shooting cum into her awaiting throat while she watched me and the camera and smiled like a pornstar.

They were all done, and she signaled me to come over. She took my hard cock in her mouth and started to suck it as I continued to take her picture and everyone else watched as they were getting dressed and talking about how great she was and how far they had to drive to get here and how it was worth it even after a heard day at work.

Then, they all began to give Jim money. He collected 40 dollars from each guy. I smiled as I began to shoot my own load into her mouth.

Soon, we were dressed and there was no one left in the room but Heather and me. She sat on my lap and kissed me and I could taste semen on her breath as she put her tongue in my mouth and began to swirl it.

"Did you see Jim collecting money?" she asked me.

"Uh-huh" I replied.

She smiled as she look me in the eyes and grinned. "I guess that makes me a whore" she said leeringly.

TBC