 Heather was a slut when we met. She wasn't the in-your-face, I wanna fuck everything I see and I don't care who knows it kind of slut. I would have called that a whore. She was a sweet innocent looking, shy, fun girl who responded to attention and would fuck your brains out.

I don't think we would have become friends if she had been an in-your-face slut. If we hadn't become friends, we wouldn't have ended up fucking for 4 years.

But, what I found out shortly after we became friends was that when we were alone she like to tease and flirt. When we were alone in the car, she loved to play padiddle.

Driving down the road, if you see a car with a headlight out, you yell padiddle. Everyone touched the roof of the car. The last one to do so removes one article of clothing.

It was just us, so we always ended up naked, which of course, led to fucking.

She found The 100 Point Purity test online. It asks questions about your sexual history and your desires and tells you, in a percentage, how pure you are.

When we met, I was 87 percent pure. She was 37 percent pure.

And so it went. I would tell my wife that I was going out with my friends, who were mostly younger females anyway, to drink and she would tell her boyfriend the same thing.

We did usually hang out with my friends drinking, but my friends liked her and did not like my wife. So, they all encouraged us.

For a 45 year old man it was a wonderful time. I was hanging out with a group of pretty attractive twenty somethings, who didn't like my wife and were constantly trying to fix me up with their friends. WE were drinking and playing games and going to bars and staying out all night.

Then I started to find that Heather wanted to please me. WE went to porn theaters, and had gangbangs, and she fucked black guys for me (she had an aversion to black guys so getting her to do it turned me on). WE talked about what we wanted to do and what we would not do.

The list of things we would not do became shorter and shorter as we realized that we pushed each other. Eventually, we had a list that said "No blood, no poop, no permanent marks, no kids, no dead people and no animals". That was it. She even said, "I don't like pee, but if you want to, I'll let you."

So, we started working on doing everything on the test that we hadn't done. Sex while actually driving down the road was more difficult than one can imagine. There is a certain thrill to having sex in a school, in a church while a service is going on, and in a bathroom. It is really erotic when you cover all three of those with one act. The church service was in the gymnasium of a local middle school while they were building their building, and the bathroom was right outside the gymnasium door.

And then, something happened that changed our relationship. One of my friends, Katie, bought a house. She offered to let Heather and me rent half the house for a very reasonable price.

We were in. She left her boyfriend and I moved out of my wife's house. Katie's house was only a couple of miles from my wife's, so I would sleep with Heather, and fuck Heather and then get up at 5 am and drive over to let my wife go to her job and get my kids up and ready for school.

I would fix them breakfast, and wake them up, talk with them about the day and then when the last was on the school bus, I would go back and wake Heather up so we could go to work.

It was a bit awkward. My wife became a bitch, expectedly. I was tired, but having fun.

Then we had an idea. There was a guy named Brian that we had met through an online swinger's website. We had gone to his house a couple of times, and met at motels a couple of times, but now we had our own place.

Heather said she loved his long, thick, black cock and would love to have him stay all night with us. With Katie home.

Katie sort of knew of our adventures, but only in a "they have an open relationship" kind of way. She knew nothing of the kind of perversity we would try. But, she didn't really mind.

So, we invited Brian down. Heather's cock, Heather's game. 

She tied me up in a glider rocker in our bedroom. She blindfolded me. She then started getting ready for Brian, who was coming down for dinner. Katie was cooking Lasagna that night, and Brian was eating with Heather and Katie while I remained tied up in our room.

I have no idea what happened downstairs, because to this day Heather has never told me. But, I do know that Katie came upstairs in the middle of their dinner and came into our bedroom and asked me if I was OK.

I told her I was, and there was an audible shrug of the shoulders as she said "OK."

After what seemed like an eternity, I heard them coming up the stairs. They were laughing and giggling as they entered the bedroom and shut the door.

"Do you know how hot this girl looks?" Brian asked me.

"No". I had been blindfolded when she showered and did her hair and got dressed. I had no idea. But, I knew what she looked like, long strawberry hair down in ringlets and pale skin with perfect tits kissing a very dark black man. I had seen it before and it turned me on. It turned me on even more knowing that two months earlier, she had never touched a black man and said she never would. I had kept telling her how much I wanted to see her with a black man and in a couple of months, that barrier was gone.

Now, she loved Brian's ten inch black cock.

Heather knew how much I loved to see her fucked and how much I wanted her to be a whore. I wanted that in-your-face, all the time whore and I kept guiding this young girl who would do almost anything I asked to be just that.

When she fucked other people, she performed for me. I never asked her to do anything. I certainly never told her to. She would be defiant. But, if I mentioned liking something, and voiced disappointment when it didn't happen, she eventually would do it. For me.

That night, she performed for me as well. She was a very vocal sexual partner. She moaned and encouraged her partner to fuck her harder, but she didn't say much besides that. She performed visually, always looking at me and leering as she took a cock in her mouth, or looked at me and moaned as a cock entered her pussy. But that night, I couldn't see. So, she performed with her voice.

They came into the bedroom and shut the door behind them, and immediately started kissing. In my darkness, I saw nothing, but I heard her whispered moans and the smack of their lips. I could picture their lips parting and their tongues exploring each other's mouths. I imagined his dark hands touching her perfect tits and her arching her back as she usually did when they were touched.

I heard her say to him "I can tell you have been missing me" as I imagined her hands rubbing his cock through his pants Then I heard the buckle on his belt loosen and I heard the jingle of keys and belt and the rustle of cloth as his pants were lowered.

Then, I am not sure if I heard so much as felt her drop to her knees and take his cock in her mouth. But, I knew she was on her knees sucking his cock. No one had gotten on the bed and I could hear her. I imagined Brian's perfect, dark cock sliding into her parted lips. I imagined it going deep and then stopping as she worked her throat on the head. I could hear his cock probing the entrance to her throat. I didn't think she could take it all, but in my mind i wanted her to. I was thinking 'take it all' as I heard Brian's voice encourage her to do the same.

I wish I could have seen her taking his long, thick cock in her mouth. I loved the contrast of her pale skin against the darkness of a black cock. I loved the enthusiasm with which she performed for me when I was watching. But, this was different. She was performing, but I couldn't see.

I started asking her to take off my blindfold, knowing we had agreed that it wasn't to come off no matter what. In her refusals, she became emboldened. She started to tease me.

"Don't you wish you could see this perfect black cock in my mouth? You wanna see it in my pussy, don't you?"

"Yes" I replied, so excited I could barely contain myself.

I had to keep pushing her, and I knew Brian would help because he had the perfect set up here. I kept telling her how much I wanted to see, but never pushed so much that she felt threatened.

As I pushed her, and Brian pushed her, her teasing became more intense.

"This cock is so perfect. I wish your cock was this big. It's going to feel so good in my pussy. I might even give him my ass."

I knew better than that. So far, she told me she had only been fucked in the ass a couple of times and it hurt a lot. Originally, she told me I was the only one she trusted with that, but she had become more open to Jim fucking her ass. His cock was significantly smaller than mine.

"I want to see." I replied. I want to see you fuck him.

"I want you to sit there and listen. Be quiet while I fuck him" she told me in a voice with a bit of authority.

I was loving it. I sat there in silence and listened to Brian moan as she continued to suck his cock. I heard her moan, even more than usual and wasn't sure at this point if she was doing it for my benefit or because she was getting into it.

Suddenly, she stopped. I heard her moving on the bed and let out a loud moan as I knew Brian's large cock was entering her pussy. She moaned and told him to fuck her hard. She performed well. She might as well have been a porn star.

Then I heard Brian say "I getting ready to cum".

"Keep fucking me."

I heard him pound harder and faster and groan as I could picture him tensing as his load shot into her beautiful, shaved pussy. Then, they collapsed.

I heard her kissing him. She had never kissed any of the guys she had fucked before. She had let them kiss her nech, and her body, and she had sucked their cocks and fucked them, but kissing was just for me.

She was performing, and I was pushing her and so was he and she was moving her limits. They must have kissed for ten or fifteen minutes before they got up.

They left the room and went downstairs. They didn't say a word to me, and they left me in the chair until she came back upstairs a while later.

When she came up stairs, she untied me and removed the blindfold and led me to the bed. She was naked, except for the short black skirt hiked up around her waist and I was still fully clothed.

Once in the bed, she snuggled up to me and asked if I wanted her to tell me what happened.

"God, yes" I replied.

"Only if you lick my pussy and make me cum"

"Anything" I whispered.

She climbed on top of me, and lowered her still wet pussy on my face and started to grind her pussy into it. I could taste Brian's semen as I felt it cover my mouth and my face.

"Lick my clit" she said. "You want to know what happened?" she asked.

All I could get out was a muffled "uh-huh" as she continued to ride my face.

"I got fucked by a big black cock. Now suck his cum out of me."

I did as I was told. She came violently, grinding her pussy harder and harder into my face. Then, she turned over, and curled up with her ass against me hard cock still begging to get out of my pants and told me to go to sleep.

She never did tell me what happened that night. But, I learned from that experience that she would do almost anything enthusiastically with enough encouragement.

I lay there that night thinking of all the things I wanted to do with her. She had been a slut, but was well on her way to becoming the whore she didn't really want to be.

The next day, at work, I found out something else. She told her best friend at work, our shift manager, what had happened that night. She was proud of herself.

I got hard just thinking about that, because I knew that everyone there would know soon. Rose couldn't keep a secret to save her life.