 Heather had been a slut when we met. You would have thought that an average looking man in his mid forties would be happy, having split from his wife and taken up with an attractive 20 year old with an unusually high sex drive. But, as is the case with most things in my life, it wasn't enough. I wanted more. I always want more.

I had found out that Heather liked to fuck. She liked to fuck a lot. She liked to fuck a lot of guys.

While I was still with my wife and she was still with her boyfriend, she had told me that all she wanted was to be able to fuck who she wanted, when she wanted, without a lot of shit from her boyfriend. I had been hooked then.

Married or not, we started fucking. Friends with her boyfriend...it didn't matter. I was in my mid forties and she was the same age as my oldest son. That didn't matter. All of that might have even made it better, because it always turned out the more forbidden something was, the more I liked it. 

She had been so damaged by previous relationships, I had found out, that she doubted her worth for anything other than sex. She had been raped by the next door neighbors son while they were doing homework in high school. Her father had really liked that family and that boy so she was afraid to tell her father. So, she let him continue fucking her until his family had moved away a year later.

Then, her father had met a woman and they had moved in together. Eventually, Heather and her son, Chris, had started dating. Chris was her boyfriend when I met her.

We had been together for about a year when I found all this out. We had both left our significant others and moved in together. I had taken her sexual appetites and pushed her beyond her own boundaries. I pushed her into gangbangs. When I had learned of her aversion to black me, I had pushed her into fucking them. I had pushed her into fucking men at random in bars.

I had begun to feel guilty for pushing her when I suspected the reasons she was such a pliable personality, but I couldn't stop. I just pushed harder.

Shortly after the night with Tom and his three friends in the bar, I got a new job. It had significantly better pay and was still very close to where we had worked together, so I had the ability to see Heather at lunch when we were both working the same shift, but that didn't happen very often.

She was alone a lot of nights.

When she was home alone, she was on the internet flirting with guys on a swingers website while she would text me. She would describe the guys, their cocks, their faces, what they wanted, and if she would or not.

The more she told me of them, the more I pushed her to meet them. She told me she couldn't if I wasn't there. I told her I wanted her to. I wanted her to fuck anyone, anytime she wanted to. I told her how hot it would be to get a text from her saying someone was coming over so they could fuck.

And I meant it.

I would be on the sales floor at work and suddenly get a text that said 'MMMM, guy says he wants to pound my pussy while I suck his friends cock'

'MMM, that hot' I would reply. 'Do it'

'I might"

'You should'

'Only if you are here'

'As much as I work nights, you should do it without me'

'I can't'

'Yes you can'

'Would you really like it?'

I knew I had her. Not only did I push her to fuck guys while I worked. I pushed her to fuck them without telling me. I told her how hot it would be to walk in the house and find her in bed with someone. I told her should have gangbangs without me.

The greatest thing about all this was, the more outlandish our texting got, the better the sex was when I got home.

I would get off work, go home, eat dinner, watch porn while looking for guys on the internet, and then fuck.

It started to pay off soon. I don't know whether she was really starting to enjoy it all, or if she was doing it because I wanted it, but she stopped voicing objections to anything. She didn't initiate much, but did anything I asked of her. Over the course of the next few weeks we had gone to several more gangbangs. We had met several guys in motels. We had told each other quite a few more fantasies. Most of those were not really fantasies, but rather, things that were so far out of bounds that we didn't really think we would ever do them

But, that was kind of our thing. We pushed each other into doing things we never thought we would do. Like the day we were in the shower together. I was on my knees under the hot spray licking the sweetness of her pussy. She loved shower sex. Anytime, anywhere. I loved her pussy. 

She was moaning and I could taste the taste of her despite the hot water flowing into my mouth every time I opened it. I licked her pussy and her ass. I concentrated on her asshole, rimming it over and over. I tried to fuck her ass with my tongue and greedily sucked her asshole like I was French kissing a bride on our wedding night.

Suddenly, she grabbed my head and pulled it to her pussy and started to grind it into my face and I eagerly licked it, loving her sudden aggressiveness. Then I tasted a new salty taste. Piss! She was pissing in my mouth.

I pulled away for a moment, and was immediately pulled back in.

"Swallow it" she said forcefully.

Oh God, did I. I had told her that I would love to be pissed on and forced to drink it. But, I had only told her this after she told me she didn't like being pissed on, but would do it if I wanted. I told her I liked her being aggressive, and being spontaneous. 

Here she was doing it all, and I loved it.

I lapped her piss and swallowed it all hungrily. I licked and swallowed until I could taste no more of the saltiness of her piss and then I concentrated on her clit and making her cum.

It didn't take long, and then she was guiding my cock into her pussy. I fucked her hard as she leaned against the walls of the shower. I was so turned on, it wasn't long before I came, so she made me get on my knees and make her cum again.

We got a really good nights sleep that night.

But, the next day, things were a little weird. She was a little quiet in the morning before she left for work. I kept trying to find out what was wrong, and she kept telling me nothing was wrong.

She left for work with me still feeling something was amiss. But, the feeling was soon set aside. Once at work, she was texting me incessantly. The texts started out with standard I "I miss you" texts that developed into "I love you" texts that developed into "I want you to fuck me texts".

'Do you want me to fuck you or do you want someone else to fuck you?'

'I don't care'

'MMMM' I replied.

'Is your cock getting hard?'

'Yes.'

'Do you really want me to fuck someone?'

'Anyone.'

'Are you sure?'

'Anytime.'

'Maybe when you get home tonight, we can look on the web for someone to come over and fuck me'.

'MMM'

'Maybe more than one guy.'

'Maybe'

'you can lay me on the bed and make me watch as his cock goes in your pussy right over my face'.

'MMMM, and when he cums, I can make you lick it off', she replied.

'I liked last night' I told her changing the subject.

'Really?'

'Yes. I have thought about it all day.'

'Good, bitch'

I almost came in my pants. I had been trying to get her to call me bitch when we fucked for a long time. I jumped on it.

'I'll be a good bitch'

'I know. You will clean me up every time I fuck someone, won't you?'

'If that's what you want' I said, assuming the role immediately.

The rest of the day continued like that, with sporadic breaks when she actually had to work, but it wasn't a busy day, so we texted frequently.

Then, I had to start getting ready for work. I didn't text her for a while as I took a shower, got dressed, and left for work. 

I parked in front of the store, and walked the twenty feet next door to where we had worked together, and she was still employed. She wasn't in the front of the store at the moment, but our friend Jess was. Jess told me she was back in the kitchen making salads and Vito was there so she couldn't come out.

Disappointed, I went to work.

At my job, when it was busy, I didn't have time to text. There were slow days when I could spend a good deal of time texting her, but that night was not one of them. I kept trying to fabricate a break to text her, but it never happened. Finally, at lunch time, I texted, kind of surprised that she had not texted me already. When I got no reply while I was at lunch, I returned to work.

The end of my shift came, and I still had not received a text from her. Surprised, I texted her and asked if she would like me to bring her anything home. It was only a 15 minute drive home, so I wasn't shocked that I didn't get a reply. It was 10:00 and she could easily be asleep or on the internet involved or in the tub.

Our bedroom light was on when I arrived home and I noticed a strange car. We lived in a townhouse, and this car was actually parked in front of our neighbors house, so nothing clicked.

At least, not right away. Usually, when got home at night she would come bouncing down the stair naked or almost so with her beautiful tits bouncing with each step. She would greet me and hug me. It was something I had grown to love, but it didn't happen.

Actually, nothing happened. Until I hung my coat and went upstairs. I opened our bedroom door, and there she was. She was on top of a guy, riding his cock cowgirl style, moving her pretty ass to the front and back with her long strawberry locks swaying with each thrust.

When I opened the door, she just turned to me and said "Wait downstairs."

I had gotten what I had asked for. She was fucking someone while I was at work. She was fucking someone I didn't know, and I didn't know if she knew him. She had taken control and told me what to do with no hesitation. I wasn't sure how I felt.

I sat on the sofa in the living room, which was on the first floor, directly below our bedroom. I could hear the sounds from the bed, and I could hear her moan and speak occasionally, but not well. She definitely was not performing for me like she had in the past. Whether she was fucking him because I wanted her to or because she wanted to, I wasn't a part of it. I had been sent away like a nuisance.

I started to get angry, but realized that this is exactly what I had asked for. I had pushed her constantly into this. When we were alone fucking, I told her how much I wished she was fucking everyone. I didn't care who. I had encouraged her to fuck my friends, my coworkers, and anyone else.

I forced myself to think about her fucking this guy. Just the fucking. And I started to get turned on. I imagined his cock in her mouth, in her pussy, maybe even in her ass. I knew that wouldn't happen, but the thought of it made me hard.

Finally, I got bored being alone. I went to the family room in the basement where we had the TV and I began to watch some Star Trek. But, my mind wasn't on it. I was vacillating between being turned on and being angry. The longer she stayed up there, the angrier I got.

About 2 am, when I heard the front door shut, I realized he had left. I sat there. I didn't move. I would make her come to me. I sat there, feigning interest in the television for quite a few minutes when I heard her go back upstairs.

The bitch! She had fucked him after not telling me at all, and not texting me at all while I was at work, and had sent me downstairs to be alone when I had gotten home. Then she just went to bed without a word.

I could be stubborn. I didn't go upstairs at all. It took quite a while, but I finally fell asleep. Alone. On the sofa.

The next morning, she woke me up as usual. She was getting ready for work and acting as if nothing had happened the night before. No explanations. No stories to turn me on. No apologies. Nothing.

She left for work having still never addressed the night before. She wasn't acting angry or spiteful at all. She acted completely normal.

I went about my day thinking about it all day. I was angry. I was hurt. I wondered how she had gotten the courage to meet someone new without me encouraging her or being the ice breaker. I wondered if it was the first time. I started to picture his cock in her. I wondered if she had let him cum in her or if she had swallowed his cum. I wondered how early he had come over and how long they had been together. 

And a funny thing happened. Soon, I was masturbating thinking about it. 

I started to text her at work and tell her I was sorry I had acted like a jerk. I told her I knew I had asked for it, and that I had just had to get used to the idea.

'Good' was her reply.

I started to press her with questions.

'What time did her come over'

She didn't answer.

'What was his name and where did you meet him?'

'I have known him a long time.'

'Really?'

'Yes. It was Mike from the Air Force.'

Mike, the guy from the Air Force who had shared her with his buddies one night. And she told me she had liked him too. And she told me how dominant he had been and how she had let him do whatever he wanted with her. Suddenly, I had to know what had happened the night before.

'So, what did you guys do last night?' I asked.

'I have to get back to work.'

I only had about an hour left to get ready for work myself, so when she didn't text me anymore, I didn't pay much attention.

'I am leaving for work.' I texted her.

No reply, and another busy night at work. We had little contact, but when I did text her, she texted me in return. We sort of had a running conversation covering my entire shift. 

When I was ready to leave work, I texted her asking if she needed anything.

'No, thanks' was her immediate reply.

I drove home thing about the night before, and I was no so horny, I couldn't wait to fuck her. 

When I got home, again, there was a car there. 

Immediately, I felt angry and turned on wondering who was there. It wasn't the same car, so I didn't think it was Mike again.

I walked in the house, and could hear porn playing loudly downstairs in the family room. With trepidation, I went downstairs to find her in black thigh highs with a black corset on. She was sitting on the couch kissing a man. It was a black man. Her tongue was touching his and his pants were open with his long cock in her hand. It wasn't just long, it was very long. It was the longest cock I had ever seen.

It wasn't fat, and it almost looked odd because the length was way out of proportion to it's girth. She was slowly stroking it as she kept kissing him

"Grab the camera" she told me as she took a break from his lips.

I turned and went upstairs, still in my work clothes, to get the camera.

Looking at the view screen on the back of the camera, I saw her on her knees in front of him when I returned. She was kissing the tip of his cock erotically. She kissed it, then licked it lightly with the tip of her tongue before slowly taking as much as she could in her mouth and slowly backing off.

She kissed it more. She licked it more. She took it deeper little by little. She couldn't deep throat that cock, but it looked like she was trying. She was definitely taking it deeper than I had thought she could.

Her hand started to stroke his cock as she sucked it more furiously.

I snapped picture after picture. She took his cock in her mouth and looked at me. 

Click.

She went deep down on his cock and hesitated as she looked at me.

Click.

She kissed him while stroking his cock and looking at me.

Click.

She climbed on his and pulled her panties to the side, and slid his ling dick slowly into her pussy. There was no doubt she was wet. It went in effortlessly, and she slowly lowered herself the entire length of his cock until she grimaced slightly. She stopped there and smiled as she looked at me and began to gyrate her pussy on his cock.

Click.

She rose until just the tip was in her.

Click.

She started to ride his cock. Slowly at first, kissing him at the same time, then increasing speed. She was taking it deeper too. His black cock shimmered from the wetness from her pussy as she finally took the length of it to his balls and stopped there.

Click. Click. Click.

I moved around behind him, so I could take better pictures of her face as she fucked him. Her eyes never left me as she continued her deep assault on his manhood. She repeatedly took it's length and would stop at it's deepest point to grind a bit before rising.

Then she stood up and turned around, lowering herself on his cock facing away from him.

Click.

I took pictures of her ass as she bounced slowly up and down on his cock. 

I went around to the other side, and she bent down, resting her elbows on the coffee table. her beautiful hair cascaded beautifully down on the table, from my vantage point framing her tits as they bounced in time to her thrusting pussy.

It was glorious.

She climbed on the couch, laying herself across the arm, lifting her ass in the air for him to enter her from the rear.

He pounded her pussy hard and deep from behind as she moaned and I assumed a position directly in front of her so I could get pictures of him behind her and her face as her pussy was slammed.

She was cumming hard. And suddenly, so was he.

She hopped off his cock, and sat on the couch and began to stroke his throbbing cock, causing jets of semen to squirt out on her face. She immediately took the length of his cock in her mouth and continued to suck it as he arched his back and groaned. obviously shooting more cum into her mouth.

And then he was done. And so was she. There was very little conversation after that. Nothing interesting enough to take pictures of. She was simply done fucking and ready for him to be gone. She did, however, remain in his arms until he spoke.

"Well, I have to go, I think. I have to work tomorrow and it's an hour home."

"OK." She said as she reached down and gave his cock one final stroke as she kissed him goodnight.

He stood, straightened himself, and started towards the door. Heather didn't move. She let me see him to the door while she stayed on the couch.

"Did you like that?" she asked when I returned down the stairs.

"I love it anytime you are a slut." I lied, remembering my emotions the night before.

"Good" she replied with a grin as she took my hand and led me upstairs to the shower. She started the water as we both got undressed.

We climbed in the shower, but rather than begin to shower, she pushed me down to my knees. I didn't need to be told what to do. I started to clean up her pussy, which tasted of her sweetness and his cock and his semen. I licked her clit and sucked the cum from inside her. I licked her ass and again tried to fuck her as with my tongue.

I squeezed her pussy lips, making that beautiful pussy fat and protruding as I licked the length of her slit. Then concentrating on her clit as my fingers worked in her, I made her cum. 

She turned around and stuck her ass out toward me and said "Fuck me."

I did.

We had the best shower sex we had ever had.

A few minutes later, laying in bed, she asked me "Are you still off tomorrow and Friday?". 

"Uh-huh" I replied blissfully.

"Good. We have plans."

TBC