 Yes, Heather had been a slut when we met. A pretty, 20 year old who was so damaged by previous relationships that she thought she had no value other than sex. Everything in her life so far had validated that feeling. 

I validated that, too. I told her I loved her. I was a gentleman, most of the time. I kissed her and brought her things. I went out of my way to make her happy. I also pushed her to fuck other men, even after I knew how badly she was damaged. I pushed her to fuck black men when I knew that she had an aversion to them. I pushed her to fuck strangers in the seediest places possible to break down her inhibitions further. I called her a whore because she didn't like it, but only after I got her so turned on she wouldn't object because I thought that was how I would get her to think of herself as a whore. I pushed her to fuck men for money. I pushed her to fuck them if I was there, if I wasn't there, or if she had to go meet them. I pushed her to fuck them one or ten at a time.

And it was working. We had been together for about a year and a half and living together for a few months when I came home from work and she had been fucking a black guy while I was at work. She had even told me to wait downstairs while she finished, and had then told me we had plans the next two nights.

I was off both Thursday and Friday that week, although she had to work days both days. So, after having told me on Wednesday night that we were going to be be busy, on Thursday morning, she didn't mention it at all. 

She got up and took a shower. I got in the shower with her and washed her beautiful, long curly red hair. It was so think and curly that, wet, it felt like it weighed twenty pounds. I didn't care. I loved her hair.

After soaping and rinsing, we kissed and broke into our usual shower sex. If we were near a shower, we fucked in it. She absolutely loved to fuck under hot running water. I didn't mind it a whole lot either.

"Is there anything I need to do for tonight?" I asked her as she was leaving for work. I was puzzled that she had not been more excited that we were going to be playing that night.

"Just get some beer," she said as she kissed me on the cheek. "And make sure the camera has good batteries in it."

'So, we were still playing, and I would be acting as photographer again'. That excited me.

I couldn't get anything done all day. I was on the computer using Yahoo Messenger to chat with her all day. She had it set up on her phone so that her Yahoo IM's went there when she wasn't at the computer. I was chatting with guys on swinger's websites, trying to find guys to fuck her. I would tell her about each one; his age, height, weight, race, size of his cock, what he was into. She got more and more lurid in her descriptions of the things she would like to do and who she would like to do them with.

And then, with me having done nothing worthwhile all day, she was home. She got a shower and had me help her pick out clothes. She let me pick out everything. I had her dressed in tall black heels, black thigh highs, her short black skirt, and a top we had affectionately called her "wind" shirt. It wa a halter top, black, that was cut so loose and low in the front, that any amount of wind would blow it open, completely baring her breasts.

I had picked it up for her when my daughter had been competing in National finals in twirling in Daytona Beach. I had gone along with my wife and kids (Heather was not happy about that at all).

At night, after everyone was asleep, I went out by the pool and texted Heather and had some of the filthiest conversations you can imagine. And, I had bought her that top, along with several other pieces that were good for nothing but strippers or sluts. Or whores.

It was the most surreal scene. We were acting like a normal couple, watching television and eating dinner while when she walked across the room her ass hung out below the bottom of her skirt and her tits intermittently popped out of her top. She would just pop it back in and continue with what she was doing.

I was sitting there with my cock straining to get out of my pants, but I didn't do anything about it. I never touched her. I waited for what was coming.

About 7 o'clock, it came. Or rather he did.

John.

John was black. He was black as night. He stood about 5 feet ten and weighed about 250 pounds. He had a small afro and very large lips. My first thought upon seeing him was what his lips would look like pressed against Heathers.

I didn't have to wait long to find out. She opened the door and invited him in, and shutting the door behind him, she kissed him. He kissed back. Her pale sking and pouty lips pressing against his fleshy lips was amazing. When their lips parted and their tongues began to meet, it was orgasmic. When his hands ran down her back to the curve of her ass and cupped it while I watched without a word in my direction, I wondered how long she had known this guy.

She took his hand and led him into the kitchen.

"Do you want a beer?" she asked as she got herself one.

"Sure."

She handed me the beers as she took his hand to lead him downstairs. She sat on the couch with John, sort of leaning against him with her tits halfway out of the top. I sat the beers on the coffee table in front of them, and picked up the camera.

"I been waiting all day to see this" he said as he pulled open her top to let her tits fall out.

I got busy snapping pictures as he started to suck on her nipples. 

"These look bigger in person" he said as he began to maul them. Then cup them. Then squeeze them as he pushed them upwards so she could lick her nipples.

"Let me see you suck it" he told her.

Without a word, she took her own nipple in her mouth, sucking it and playing with her nipple rings in her lips, tugging at them. He joined her, working on the same nipple she was as his hand slid down to her pussy.

He slid his finger in and immediately started to fuck her with his fingers. She immediately started to moan.

"I wanna see you suck my cock," he said.

She dutifully got off the couch and got on her knees in front of him.

"Pull it out" he said.

She undid his belt, and his pants, and his zipper and pulled out his cock. It wasn't an impressive cock. It was no longer than mine, maybe a little above average, although it did have more girth. But, he was not circumcised.

I started to go crazy with the camera because this was another one of her barriers. She had always said she hated foreskin. She had not wanted to fuck black men and I got her past that one. Now, she had invited a black man with foreskin home.

On her knees, she started to suck his cock, slowly at first, teasing the head with her tongue, then her lips, encircling the head. Her eyes were locked on mine as she started to take the length of his cock in her mouth. I snapped the camera over and over again as his black member disappeared.

"Such a good slut" I said to her. "Fuck her mouth like a whore" I said to John.

He took her head in his hands and slowly but forcefully pushed his cock deep into her mouth. Slowly, he pushed it as deep as she could take it. Then, he held it there. Her lips were swapped tightly around his cock and I could see her starting to gag.

He slowly pulled out and let her get a small breath before he started the slow descent onto her throat again. Once more, he pushed to her limit and stopped there. He stayed there again until she was starting to gag.

He continued for several minutes, slowly exploring the back of her throat with his cock and keeping her head buried on it until she began to gag and then pulling out just long enough to let her recover slightly before pushing into her again.

She was not moaning, as she usually did when she was having sex. She liked to fuck, and I knew it. This was 100 percent for me. I knew she wasn't enjoying it at all.

I could have had them stop, but I was enjoying this too much. This was what I wanted. I wanted her to be used like a whore for whatever the guy wanted even if she didn't like it. And she didn't like this. It was easy to see.

Her eyes locked on mine, almost pleading for me to end it, but I didn't.

"Oh baby, you look so good with that cock down your throat. Suck that cock. Take it all." I said, knowing that she could never deep throat that but I wanted to encourage her to keep it going. Maybe if she did it long enough, she would learn to like it, or be resigned to what she was doing.

Either way, I was not going to stop it.

John had taken control. I encouraged him to use her and I encouraged her to let herself be used. By the time he had her down on the carpet she waa nothing more than a semi-willing participant.

When he put his cock to her pussy, she opened her legs wider, but just lay there as he started to pump her. She made no sounds. There was a lok of utter resignation on her face.

"Look at the camera" I told her encouraging her to become involved. I was still snapping furiously. I turned it into an arsy porn shoot. I was looking for angles to take pictures from, how to get the best composition, how to best dramatize the action.

He continued to fuck her hard and she continued to lay there. Suddenly, he was ready to cum.

"Cum on her face" I told him. "I want to get pictures of cum on her face.

She lay there, slightly lifting her head from the ground, silently, making her face an easier target. His modest load was deposited on her nose and cheek, and she immediately began to push it into her mouth to swallow it. That was what I had told her I liked.

She didn't enjoy one minute of that night, but she had done it. She had arranged it. She had not told me about it. And, once involved, she let him do whatever he wanted even though she didn't like it.

I loved it because it was breaking down barriers and making her more compliant. It never dawned on me that what it was really doing was taking a young girl with very low self-esteem and ripping what little she had away from her. I had gotten so lost in my desire for a whore that Heather as my girlfriend had been lost to Heather the whore. And she was losing herself to the whore too.

That night, there was no shower sex. There was no passionate fucking celebrating our conquest. There was her curling up on my shoulder to sleep.

The next morning, she didn't even wake me up before she left for work.

'Maybe I have finally pushed too far' I thought while making my coffee and sitting alone at the table. I wanted her to do everything. I wanted her to be sexually available for anyone, anytime. But, I didn't want to lose her. I guess it was then that I realized I wanted to keep her happy enough to stay with me until all her barriers were broken down.

I went out to pay some bills and wash the car and run a few other errands. While I was out, I stopped at a local coffee shop and got her a large cup of hot chocolate. She loved their hot chocolate and it was widely regarded as the best around.

When I got to her workplace, she was not busy. It was that time between the lunch rush and early dinner patrons, so she could talk. She seemed fine. We didn't speak of the night before, but she was hapy to have the chocolate.

She kissed me and said "I love you."

"I love you" I said as I kissed her lips.

She smiled and we talked about nothing in particular until Vito, her manager, came out front and told her he needed her to make some salads for the dinner rush.

"Oh, I'll be home a little late" she said as I left and that was all. No explanation was offered.

I was on my way, with several hours to wonder what was being planned for that night. Was it another black man? Would she be more into it? Would she cancel at the last minute? Would I even be involved? Did she mean she would be home AFTER she played or that she would be home later than normal and then we would play?

I felt bad that the night before had gone so badly.

I got my answer as soon as she arrived home. She pulled in and got out of her car, still dressed for work, and was immediately joined by guys emerging from a couple of cars that pulled in right behind her.

I recognized Jim, the guy who arranged the gangbangs from the swinger's website, and a couple of other guys from previous gangbangs. There were also several new faces

She greeted each one, right in front of our house for all the neighbors to see, with a hug, kiss, and a certain amount of semi-discreet fondling. There was no doubt that another gangbang was happening, at our own house, that night.

I let them in and she greeted me with a kiss and a smile. "Are you surprised?"

"Uh-huh." I kissed her and whispered "Slut!"

"Uh-huh" she said with a smile sliding her hand over my already hardening cock as she walked by.

We all stayed in the living room for awkward introductions while Heather went upstairs to shower and change. There was Jim and a black guy we had met before named Leo and an Italian guy named Tony, who Heather had really liked and a new guy named Rob.

"Heather has great tits" Jim told the group.

"What is she into?" asked Rob.

"Anything but anal" replied Jim. "And she isn't into rough."

"She liked to be called names" I interjected. "Call her slut, whore, and bitch. Make her do what you want. Don't be rough, but use her."

"Really?" asked Jim, a bit confused.

"Yeah" I said. "We have been getting into a lot of new stuff lately."

Heather came downstairs wearing a black bra, panties and thigh highs. Nothing else, as she worked her way through the crowd of men, about 7 in total, saying hi to each and stroking the front of each pair of pant commenting on the apparent size and state of their arousal. She stopped when she got to Rob.

Rob was in his late twenties, white, with a shaved head. He was trim and athletic and I could tell she thought he was very attractive. He also seemed enamored with her.

We went to the basement, and she asked me to put on some porn as she sat on the couch between Rob and Tony. They immediately started to fondle her. I got a Michael Ninn film called DP 2 and put it on. Heather always loved to perform and the more places she got ideas from, the more adventurous she was. Ninn movies always had freaky scenes in them and they were filmed in such an abstract manner that they drew your attention.

When I turned around, her tits were already out of her bra and she was kissing Jim as Tony played with her pussy. I picked up the camera and started to shoot the action. She kissed Jim as she stroked his cock through his pants and Tony gently rubbed her pussy. The other guys just kind of sat there and watched until I nodded to them to go ahead.

Rob took the lead and moved the coffee table out of front of the sofa, clearing a large area right in front of the TV in the floor. He crawled over to her and started to lick her pussy. She moaned and pushed her pussy into his face a little as Tony stood and pulled out his cock.

She didn't stay on the sofa long, because it restricted who could get to her, so she moved to the floor, and lay on her back with her legs spread, knees raised, allowing access for Jim while most everyone else gathered around her face.

"You are being really slutty tonight, aren't you?" I asked, hoping to jump start similar comments.

She looked directly into my eyes and very deliberately said "I am going to be a whore tonight."

"Well, suck that dick," said Tony as he stuck his long Italian cock in her face. She eagerly took it in her mouth, and reached out for other cocks for her hands. She found Robs. 

"Oh.." she said lecherously as she pulled him close to her mouth. "I don't think I can get this one in."

I was proud of her that night. She let them call her slut and whore. She referred to herself exclusively as a whore, begged for cock, asked to be pounded harder, directed them to get a cock in her when someone came. She didn't care whether they came in her mouth, in her pussy, on her tits or elsewhere, she just went with it.

And then the first round was over. The guys were all taking a break, having a beer, and getting ready for round 2. Except for Rob.

Heather was lying on her back as Rob was over top of her slowly thrusting his enormous cock in and out of her pussy as he leaned close to her face and they stared into each other's eyes. I had never seen her connect with someone like that, and I began to take pictures of it quickly.

She didn't notice I was there. I shot from the side and she kept her focus on him. I shot from behind her and got wonderful pictures of her pussy lips stretching as his cock came out. I shot from the front and she continued to focus on him, never once noticing the camera.

I got behind her, focusing the camera on her pretty tight pussy, which was being stretched by Rob's massive cock. She moaned and even whimpered as he fucked her slowly, letting her get used to his massive member. But, as she acclimated, he started to pound her faster.

Everyone who had been standing or sitting and recuperating as they got ready for round two was watching intently.

As his cock pulled out, her pussy lips stretched, seemingly trying to hold his cock inside her. Then she moaned as he thrust inside her again. 

She began to rub her clitoris as she whimpered "OH MY GOD" as he continued to work her pussy. She grabbed his cock with her hand and let the sick cock slide through her hands as well as her pussy, and suddenly he was pounding her fast and hard as she screamed "OH FUCK...OH FUCK" over and over.

Then he pulled out and immediately started to cum. He directed his cum on her shaved pussy.

Their lips locked as they embraced and fell into each other's arms, short of breath and holding each other while they recovered.

But, that didn't last long. Jim said it was his turn as he climbed between her legs. She didn't even seem to notice he was there as his cock, so much smaller than Rob's, entered her pussy and began its assault.

Rob lay beside her and they continued to kiss and look into each other's eyes.

Jim fucked her for a few minutes adding his cum to the white cream already left on her smooth skin. 

Heather and Rob continued to kiss, never flinching.

Then it was done. Heather didn't ask me if she had been a good whore or even a slut. She didn't mug for the camera. She lay there, locked in position with Rob.

A few minutes later, everyone started to get dressed preparing to leave. Rob finally got up, and put on his clothes. All the other guys and me were talking. Heathers tits, Baltimore Orioles, Philadelphia Phillies, Ravens, Eagles, Patriots, Music. All while Rob and Heather were off in their own little world.

She kissed him as he came over to join the group. They all said their goodbyes and we were alone.

"I gave Rob my phone number," she said with a smile.

TBC