 Yes, Heather had been a slut when we met. She was a whore now. She was gangbanged semi-regularly, she fucked almost any guy that she saw that she was interested in, she fucked just about any guy that I wanted her to fuck, and she even fucked some guys on her own just because she thought I wanted her to. She not only fucked guys, but hooked up with girls too. And couples. She let me ty to fist her (unsuccessfully) because I told her I wanted her pussy to be big and sloppy. She dressed like a shore most of the time. She knew that our friend, Jim, collected money from the guys he arranged to gangbang her. She had even flown to Arizona to spend the weekend with a guy in the Army who wired her a large sum of money to spend the entire weekend with him.

 She was getting more and more comfortable being on the verge of exposed, personifying indecent, when we went out. She was learning to transform herself from one role to another with ease. There were times she was still a sweet young girl in love when we were alone, but could easily become a dominant Mistress, or a submissive slut, or a cock hungry whore at a moment's notice.

 She was exactly what I wanted.

 At her last gangbang, she had met a guy named Rob. Rob was from Philadelphia. It's about an hour away, but most of the guys that were involved in her gangbangs were from Philly. Jim, the guy who arranged them, was from Philly. Rob had three things going for him in Heather's eyes; He was white, he was cute, and he had a huge cock.

 They had really hit it off at the gangbang, spending anytime she wasn't being fucked by the group alone, mostly fucking as they started into each others eyes or talked alone in the corner. She had told me she had gotten his phone number after everyone had left the gangbang.

 It didn't take long for them to hook up after that. Tuesday night, I was working evenings and Heather was going to be home alone. Or, so I thought. 

 We had a normal, plain, boring Monday and Tuesday was looking the be more of the same. I had looked for guys to fuck her on the internet and contacted a couple of guys who had fucked her previously and everyone was busy. She seemed only marginally interested.

 She went to work, day shift being her normal shift, and I was working evenings that day so I wouldn't see her after she left in the morning until I got home about ten thirty that night.

 About 11:30, which was just about enough time for her to get to work and get her opening work done and be settled in before the lunch rush started, I got a text from her which just said 'Rob is coming down tonight'

 I don't know why she waited until she was away from me for the day to tell me. I had been encouraging her to find anyone to fuck when I wasn't there. I didn't care if I knew, if I didn't, if he was there when I got home or not, if she even told me or not. I wanted her to fuck all the time. So, when she told me that, I was happy she was hooking up with one of the guys from the gangbangs. After the way they had connected, I was really turned on that she was hooking up with Rob. I knew that the only reason she was hooking up with him was that she wanted to. It wasn't for me, it was what she wanted.

 'MMM, is he coming alone?' I texted in return.

 'Yes'

 'Too bad. Would love to know your pussy is being pounded by a bunch of guys while I work.'

 'It will be pounded.'

 'MMM. I love seeing that thick cock go in and out of your pussy.'

 'His cock is perfect.'

 'I thought my cock was perfect!'

 'His is more perfect. It's much bigger'

 Oh my God, she had never said something comparing me to someone else. I had encouraged it, but she never had.

 'You like big cocks, don't you?' I asked.

 'I want his big cock in my pussy.'

 'MMMMM'

 'I might send you pictures of us while we are fucking.' She was taking to this more assertive role. Finally.

 "Oh, please do."

 'Jess thinks he is cute' Jess was one of her co-workers that had been there when I worked there as well. Many time we had all gone out as a group. Jess and I were friends, as were most of her co-workers. Jess had also gone to my oldest son's High school. They had been in the same graduating class. Heather and Jess both knew my oldest son because they had sung together in an All County Choral Event as part of a quarter sing "Seasons Of Love" from the play "Rent".

 She was telling her co-workers about her sexual escapades? That turned me on as well.

 'She does? Who else did you tell?'

 'Rose and Joshy'

 'MMMM. When did you get his picture?'

 'We have been texting since Friday night. I showed her pictures of his cock too. She likes it.'

 'Did you tell her you are going to fuck him?'

 'Oh, yes.'

 'Does she know I know?'

 'She didn't ask and I didn't tell her.'

 This was getting better and better.

 I got to work, and Heather's car was still in front of the restaurant, but I didn't have time to stop in, so I just parked and went to work. It was a busy night, and I didn't have a chance to text her. I couldn't even pull out my phone to see if she was texting me. I just had to keep working, talking to kids, adults, old ladies, hot teenagers, even hotter girls in their twenties and thirties with my cock straining against my pants the whole night.

 When I was talking to no one, I thought of her and Rob and felt my cock throbbing. When I was busy, I would be talking to a girl and feel my cock throbbing thinking about Heather being fucked by Rob. When I was talking to a guy I could feel my cock throbbing as I thought of rob fucking Heather.

 It was torture and exquisite at the same time

 When work was done, I wasted no time getting out of there. I didn't take time to text her, I just got in the car and sped home.

 There were no strange cars there. There were no lights on. I checked my phone and there were no texts from her.

 Confused, I went into the dark house and up the stairs to the bedroom. It was quiet and dark. I flipped on the light and she was in bed. Alone.

 "Hi" I said with a question in my voice.

 "Hi" she said as she rolled over and sat up, the blanket dropping and exposing her beautiful tits. "Come to bed."

 The bed had obviously been used. The linens were rumpled and disheveled on both sides of the bed.

 "Did Rob come down?" I asked.

 "Uh-huh" she replied. "He had to go. He works tomorrow, but he will be back down tomorrow night."

 I worked again the next night, Thursday, and suddenly expected another day and night of the same tomorrow.

 I climbed in bed, and she curled up close to me, laying her head on my shoulder and letting my arm drape over her shoulder. As I pulled the cover up to my chest, she nibbled my ear lobe and whispered "Do you want to hear how hard he fucked me with that gorgeous cock?"

 "Yes."

 "I can tell", she said as she reached under the cover and took my already stiffening member in her hand and started to stroke it. "This little thing likes it."

 I just lay there.

 "Well, we knew we were going to fuck when he got here, so I wasn't even dressed. I answered the door naked."

 "What if it hadn't been him?" I asked.

 "I guess someone would have gotten a show" she said as she squeezed my cock tightly in her hand. "But, it was him and I had his clothes off before we left the living room. I started to suck his cock in the living room on my knees."

 "MMM" I moaned as I closed my eyes and pictured her lips wrapped around his cock.

 "I sucked it slowly. Sensually. Like I was making love to his cock. I licked it and sucked on his balls. Then, I led him upstairs."

 She went on to tell me how she had fucked him, making him cum multiple times and how he did the same. She continually pointed out how much he liked her and how he couldn't get enough. She told me how they had curled up in each other's arms and taken a nap before he had to leave. And, he was coming back Friday night.

 I wasn't sure how I felt about that. Neither one of us worked on Saturday morning, so it was typically a night when we had plans of some sort. This particular Friday night, we had planned on going to see "Rainy Day Music"

 RDM was a local band made up, primarily, of guys I had been in a band with many years earlier. Rick, the lead singer and bass player, and Rob, keyboard and guitar player, had been members of a band I was in from when we were all 18 years old. We had maintained contact over the years, even to the point where when their current drummer couldn't make it, I would be his stand in.

 We had been out to see them several times since we had been together. She liked them and they liked her. They didn't know of our unusual relationship. They just knew she was cute, had big boobs and didn't mind showing them off.

 Every time we saw them, they would ask if she had any new pictures on her phone. She would show them off without hesitation. If none were available, and she could find a time when she didn't risk getting thrown out of whatever bar we were in, she would flash them.

 This particular Friday night, we had planned to go see RDM at a local redneck bar that they played at frequently. I didn't know if it meant we weren't going, if Rob was going with us, or if Rob was going instead of me.

 It didn't take long to find out. We both started to get ready about 7 o'clock. I wasn't going to assume I wasn't going. And, shortly after Rob arrived, the three of us headed to my car. Heather and Rob climbed in the back seat.

 "Let's go eat" Heather said from the back. "Rob hasn't eaten since lunch."

 "Anywhere in particular?" I asked.

 "The Elkton Diner" she said. It was one of the places we frequented late nights when we were out drinking and had the munchies. We had gotten to know, and become friendly with, a lot of the staff there.

 She was pushing this, I thought. I wasn't sure how happy I was.

 When we sat down in the diner, Heather and Rob sat on one side, leaving me to be the third wheel on the other. They were obviously playing it up for everyone's viewing pleasure, kissing and holding hands, and barely including me in the conversation.

 I was beginning to become sure how much I was liking this. Not much.

 Tina, tiny girl of about 30 who did know of our relationship ended up being our server. She obviously thought it was hot. She took every chance to come and check on us. To ask who Rob was. To ask if I was OK. To ask what our plans were.

 "I'm gonna fuck Rob in the back seat of Jim's car while he drives us to see his friends band."

 I was immediately hard. Heather knew it too. She smiled luridly at me, reaching her hand under the table so I would know she was stroking his cock. Tina knew it too.

 We ordered, and ate, and at every opportunity, the two of them were kissing and whispering until it was time to leave.

 Rob paid.

 As we pulled out onto Route 40, Heather and Rob were already seriously making out in the back seat. I could see in the rear view mirror, but could also hear since I had turned the stereo down.

 Then were turned onto Nottingham road, a little country two lane blacktop road that took us from Elkton toward Rising Sun. It had gotten dark out, and things in the back were heating up and getting louder.

 I could hear their lips. I heard Rob tell her to suck his cock. I heard her moan. Then I heard a loud rustling. I looked in the mirror, and Heather was mounting his cock as he sat in the seat. She started to bounce up and down on his cock moaning "Yes" and "Harder" as she rode him hard.

 Then, suddenly, she let out an obviously exaggerated groan, as she wrapped her hands around my neck and dug her nails in my neck as she came.

 Then, she collapsed in his lap and I could hear her sucking his cock until we arrived at the bar. They got themselves together as I parked the car.





We sat at a tall table right at the edge of the tiny dance floor, ten feet from the stage. Heather sat on one side of the table, facing the stage, Rob sat directly across from her and I stood between them.

 I went to get beers, and when I returned, Rob and Rick were there talking to Heather. They were ignoring Rob. As I approached, I sat the beers down and gave Rick a big hug. 

 Rick was outgoing, gregarious, fun loving and always the life of the party. No human being ever looked more like a cartoon character than Rick looked like the father on the Incredibles. He had a huge, warm smile that pulled you in.

 Rob was a little more reserved. Make that a lot more reserved. We had been friends for 35 years, and it merited a limp fish hand shake. But that was the only kind of hand shake Rob gave. He was a great, caring, smart guy with tons of talent, but little self confidence.

 He felt comfortable around me and we talked between sets all the time. Rick felt comfortable around Heather and every other woman. And they loved him. He was a teddy bear.

 "Heather told me she has new pics" Rick said with a wink.

 "She always has new pics. She sent me some of her pussy at work the other night. I bet she still has them on her phone. Oh, by the way, this is our friend Rob", I said pointing to Rob, "Rick...Rob...I used to play drums in this band" I said by way of introduction.

 We all talked, and soon they were taking the stage. It wasn't long before Heather was sitting in Robs lap, and I got beside him to compete for my girlfriends attention. I wasn't enjoying this, so I went outside.

 She didn't come after me. It's funny, in that moment, I completely disregarded that this is exactly what I had been asking her to do. Hell, I had even pushed her into it, knowing she didn't want to. Now, apparently, she did. And my only option was to get onboard the train that I had put in motion.

 I went back in, and she was still in his lap, grinding on his lap as the band played a Jayhawks song. She was reaching behind herself and stroking his cock through her pants and leaning back with her head on his neck.

 I noticed Rick watching and smiling.

 I went over to our table, and Heather asked me where I had been. I told her I had gone to get a beer, but the line was too long. She reached out and pulled me close by my shirt as she planted a warm kiss on my lips as she continued her grind on Rob.

 We were fully making out and she was grinding her bare ass, as she had not wore any underwear and her skirt had ridden up, into Robs crotch and he was rubbing her ass.

 She sent me to get drinks, and the band was just finishing the set so I got shots for all of us. Stoplights, which consist of a Cherry Jolly Rancher sot, a Kamikaze, and a melon ball. Red, yellow, green. When you drink the you have to drink green, yellow, red straight down. For 5 people, 3 shots each and beers for Heather, Rob, and me. I had to have a tray to carry it all and I looked like a waiter.

 "Oh, no. He got stoplights" Rick said.

 "Woo Hoo" yelled Heather.

 We all tipped our glasses and drank them down.

 "Girl, can I see those tits?" Rick asked.

 No hesitation. She lifted the bottom of her shirt over her tits and quickly covered them back up as she looked around to see if anyone else had noticed. If they had, we WOULD get thrown out of THIS bar.

 But no one had.

 "Those are beautiful" he said, admiring their perfection.

 They went back to the stage, and I didn't drink anymore because I had to drive home. I was getting more and more turned on by Heather. She had included me, and in some ways was still performing for me. Just what I wanted.

 Soon, they wanted to leave. The ride home was similar to the drive there. They fucked in the back seat as I drove us home on the back roads through the woods.

 We walked in the dark house, and I shut the door behind me. Heather and Rob had already dropped to the floor and she was pulling his cock out.

 "Come here" she said to me.

 I got down on the floor with her, and she held it erect.

 "Isn't it a beautiful cock?" she asked as she took the head in her mouth. "You want to taste it, don't you?"

 "Yes" I said. In that moment, I wanted anything she suggested.

 "I want to watch you. Suck it for me"

 It was a huge cock. I had sucked and been fucked before, but not by anything that big. I took it in my hand and pulled it to my lips. I kissed the tip and opened my mouth to take it in.

 It was big. It almost hurt my jaw to open that wide, but I tried. I couldn't take it deep, but I tried. I sucked on it, and as I did, Heathers hand was on the back of my head, forcing me further down on it.

 She bounced my head and I felt it probing the back of my throat as I generated more and more saliva.

 "You're a little slut aren't you? She asked me.

 "Yes" I said through the mouthful of cock. I sucked it more and more furiously as she moved up to kiss him. I moved to her pussy, and began to lick her cunt.

 "MMM", she moaned as my tongue traced the outline of her labia. I began to lick her asshole. It was beautiful, tight, clean. It accepted my probing tongue eagerly. I kissed her asshole. I sucked it. I licked it. She was gyrating her hips and rubbing her ass over my face. I went from her pussy to her ass and back.

 "Get Rob's cock wet so he can fuck me" she said.

 I did. I took it as deep, as hard, and as sloppy as I could. Spit hung in spiderwebs from his cock to my mouth and his abdomen.

 Then he turned Heather over on her knees and began to pound her pussy with long, hard thrusts that paused deep within her for a moment before withdrawal and another thrust. 

 With each thrust, she took my cock deeper in her mouth. She wasn't attempting to talk or let us know how much she liked being fucked. She was too busy moaning and grunting in ecstasy or grimacing in pleasurable pain as his huge cock pounded her.

 Soon, I was so excited, I came in her mouth. She made no attempt to spit it out. She swallowed it without a word. Then she turned and took his cock in her mouth and started to stroke it with her hands as she awaited his seed..

 It came in waves. It filled her mouth and spilled onto her chin. Heather's example for interaction had been, for her entire life, the rapes she endured and the constant porn we watched.

 We watched every kind of porn. Solo, beautiful girls, DP's, Gangbangs, Interracial, Lesbian, Bi, She male, pissing, fisting, and even a little bestiality. And, she learned well. 

 Watching her take his cum and push it into her mouth, I felt as if I were the camera she was performing for.

 My unhappiness from earlier had been replaced with pride in how far I had pushed her. I had pushed her to do things we had talked about, but that were well beyond her limits.

 I leaned forward and kissed her lips with Rob's cum hanging from them and told her she was a whore and I loved her. She smiled and kissed me harder, thrusting her tongue into my mouth and searching for my tongue.

 She lay down on the bed in the middle, and guided me to one side and Rob to the other. She spooned with me while her head lay on Rob's shoulder.

 I slept very soundly.