 Yes, Heather had been a slut when we met. She was a whore now. She was gangbanged semi-regularly, she fucked almost any guy that she saw that she was interested in, she fucked just about any guy that I wanted her to fuck, and she even fucked some guys on her own just because she thought I wanted her to. She not only fucked guys, but hooked up with girls too. And couples. She let me ty to fist her (unsuccessfully) because I told her I wanted her pussy to be big and sloppy. She dressed like a whore most of the time. She knew that our friend, Jim, collected money from the guys he arranged to gangbang her. She had even flown to Arizona to spend the weekend with a guy in the Army who wired her a large sum of money to spend the entire weekend with him.

But, the past couple of weeks had been extraordinary. She had started fucking guys she met on the internet without telling me about it until I walked in on them. She had, seemingly, completely overcome her aversion to black guys. She had started to take a more aggressive posture toward me, making me a part time cuckold. She had let her new boyfriend spend the night and sleep in our bed with us.

But, if I wanted a whore, I found out on Monday night when I returned home from work just how close I was to getting what I wanted.

It had been a typical night at work, and a typical night for us. I had not ben very busy so Heather and I had spent a lot of time texting. It started out as simple 'I miss you' 'I can't wait to get out of here' 'I can't wait for you to get home' 'and had developed into 'I can't wait to suck your cock' ''I can't wait to taste your pussy' followed by 'I want you over top of me pounding my pussy hard while you choke me'.

What!?

I had never heard that before. When we had been telling stories while fucking, she had mentioned getting choked a couple of times, but always in passing. I was, however, immediately intrigued.

'You want my hands around your throat while my cock pounds your pussy?'

'Yes, I want you to choke me while you pound me deep and hard and call me a slut and then tell me what you want from me.'

'MMMM', I texted. 'You are such a slut.' I was quickly into it. 'I want you on your knees while I hold your head and slide my cock down your throat.'

'Do it'

'And slowly fuck your face deeply'

'Do it'

'And when you try to pull away hold you down on my cock longer.'

'Oh yes, do it'

'You will feel my cock spasm as I get ready to cum in your throat'

'I want your cum' she texted.

That was the tone of our texting all night. It escalated continuously, her encouraging me to adopt a more and more aggressive posture with each text.

When I got off work, I was so horny I couldn't wait to get home. Before I left work, I sent her my basic 'Do you want anything' text. 

'A couple fo slices of pizza' was her response.

So, I went next door and got a pizza and headed home. 

She came bouncing downstairs wearing a pair of pajama shorts and a T shirt cut off right at the bottom of her tits, so I could see them bounce with every step. She swooped to take the pizza from my hands and led me down the stairs to the basement.

She turned on the television, and turned on that night's episode of Nip/Tuck, which she had DVR'ed for me. We watched it all the time. We watched the TV, ate Pizza and had a beer and made out during the commercials. I kept thinking about our texting and how turned on I had been, but the mood was broken.

I was not completely comfortable being aggressive and had to work at it. She was submissive by nature as well, but she had become more adept at assuming an aggressive personality whereas I had not. Right then, I couldn't come up with that guy inside me. 

So, we watched TV, made out, and went to bed and had very basic lick lick suck suck fuck fuck sex. Don't get me wrong, I never complained about that basic sex. She was good at it and she had a 21 year olds energy and stamina. And, she was hot.

The next day, I worked days, and even thought she had been scheduled to be off, she went to work to fill in for another hostess who had been fired.

When I got home, bored, I went on the internet and started looking at porn. I was looking at a very specific kind of porn. I watched video's with men choking women.

'I want to hold you down and choke you as I slide my cock deep in your pussy' I texted her as I watched it happen on the computer.

'Do it' she replied.

'Bury my cock and hold it there while you start to gag'

'Do it'

'You gonna drink all my cum, aren't you?'

'Every drop'

'Don't pull off my cock. If you do, I'll have to slap you and shove my cock right back in your throat' I texted as, once again, I texted her what was happening in the video.

'I won't pull off'

'I want to spit in your mouth right before I shove my cock back down your throat.

'Fuck my face' she texted.

'My cock is buried. I'm going to cum.'

'I want to swallow it'

I couldn't believe she was getting turned on by this. It was nothing I would have even thought to try. I just wasn't that dominant, but she had always said that a relationship with two submissives wouldn't work. She was learning to be more dominant, and so was I. Seemingly, we took turns. I liked it. I liked both roles.

The truth is, I liked any sexual role. We still took turns pushing each other and our texting and fantasies had gotten more and more outrageous. Some turned out to be simply off limits. She wanted to fuck me and my oldest son at the same time. She thought he was hot. I wanted to tie her up. No way! She wanted us both to fuck her best friend Samantha. Sami Sam, as she was called, was very cute, petite, and knew everything we did. But, she totally like to hear about us vicariously. She wanted no part of doing it, and I was unwilling to risk our friendship by pushing it.

When we were talking about the most bizarre thing we had ever done. The thing that no one knew about, she had revealed to me that she fantasized about a dog licking her pussy. She had watched a girl let her do just that on a webcam chat and the girl was nearby, a student at the University of Delaware. That was about twenty minutes up the road.

As our stories had gotten more and more bizarre, we had begun to take more and more chances. The thought of choking, face fucking, and slapping her had never turned me on. But, this night, it did. I was hard all night thinking about how I would lead into it if the chance were ever offered.

I mentioned in an earlier episode that Heather had said she didn't like to be pissed on, but she would let me if I wanted. That had never been tested because I had never wanted to do that. What I was about to learn, however, was that how she felt about all but a select few things.

When I walked in our house, Heather bounced down the stairs, as usual, with her beautiful tits bouncing as she came to greet me with a hug. She was, however, dressed differently than normal. She had on a pair of leather panties and a leather bra that held her tits up but didn't cover the nipples. I had never seen these before, and the fact that she had bought them just for tonight reinforced that she was into our earlier texts.

I kissed her as I rubbed her body with my hands, pausing at the feel of the leather on her ass. Her tits were pressed against my chest and she smelled wonderful.

"You smell good" I said as I pulled her ass closer to me grinding her pussy against my hardening cock. "You look like such a good slut."

"I got ready for you" she said.

"You want my cock, don't you?" I asked as I took her hand and led her upstairs.

"Please".

As soon as we were in our bedroom, I pulled her close and began to kiss her.

My thoughts were running wild. How was I going to get this started. I better find a way before I lose my nerve and it turns into another night of vanilla sex after we have both lost our inspiration. That was the problem with two submissives, if you both lose your nerve at the same time, sex gets very safe. Neither one of us was into safe.

I pushed her gently away.

"Unbutton my shirt" I told her.

I stood there admiring her pale skin, appearing even more pale in the black leather panties and bra. The panties were a basic bikini cut, but the bra was basically just a shelf that ran under her breasts to hold them up, but didn't cover her nipples or upper parts of her tits at all.

She had very large, very pale nipples. They were almost the same color as her skin, and were hard to see if the lighting wasn't just right. She had perfect little nubs pierced with silver barbells. In this outfit, her tits were very erect, and formed almost a torpedo shape with the tip of the cone highlighted by the jewelry..

She started at the top and slowly undid the buttons one by one as my gaze worked down her body. The perfect curve of her hips. The black leather covering the silky smooth shaved pussy. Long legs..

She unbuttoned the sleeves as she slid my shirt off. She slid her hands under my T shirt and flattened her palms against my stomach as her hands worked their way up to my chest and then pulled the shirt over my head.

She kissed me.

"On your knees" I said as forcefully as I could, which was....not very.

"No" she said with a smile.

I couldn't believe it. I was playing the game she wanted, and she had been pushing me into, and she wasn't playing along. She pushed before I had a minute for the doubt to settle in my brain.

"Make me" she said.

That was all I needed.

My hand went to her throat and I squeezed, slightly, and pushed her gently against the wall.

"Get on your knees" I said again.

She said nothing, but reached up and grasped my wrist in her hand and moved my hand to a different position on her throat and pressed my hand into her flesh. Then she took her hand away, and instinctively I loosened my grip a little, basically just keeping my hand in the position she had left it with no real pressure applied. She held my wrist again, increasing the pressure on her throat.

I kept my hand as it was when she let go, making sure to apply no more pressure than she had applied. Her lips parted as she breathed heavily through her mouth. I leaned forward to kiss her.

With my face virtually touching hers, I assumed a more dominant tone. "Get on your knees and suck my cock" I said. Then, I had a thought. "Slut" I added.

I continued to apply pressure, but no more than she had directed.

"You want to suck my cock, don't you?"

She nods her head almost imperceptibly.

"You want my cock buried in your throat, don't you?"

Nod.

I kiss her and run my tongue over her lips.

"You want me to fuck your face and treat you like a slut, don't you?"

She nods again as her face starts to show the slightest flush. I loosen my grip, and she immediately reaches for my wrist. She continued to hold my wrist in place. I kissed her again, and began remembering the things I had seen in the videos I had been watching when texting her.

I was so horny, I felt as if my cock was screaming to cum. I began to become a little more relaxed.

I put my other hand to her throat, being careful not to apply any more pressure than I had been, just using two hands to do it. I held her against the wall that way and began to kiss. Deeply. Passionately. I held her there kissing her as she began to struggle for breath. I immediately released my hold and immediately gulped in a large breath of air, and began to pant with her entire weight falling back against the wall.

"I'm sorry" I began to apologize profusely. I had gone too far. I knew that would happen. That had been my biggest fear. Not knowing the limits and pushing too far. I would never hurt her, but I also didn't want to push so hard that I lost her or made her lose interest.

She kissed me, and touched my lips with her fingertip. 

"Shhh" she said as she put my hands back on her throat.

There was only so far this could go, however. It was a huge turn-on, making out with her with my hands around her throat, but with her standing up and me still in my pants, there wasn't much future in that position.

"Now, get on your knees and untie my shoes"

She did. I stepped out of my shoes, which she tossed under the bed.

"Undo my belt"

She slowly unbuckled my belt and pulled it out of the belt loops, tossing it on the floor.

"Take my pants off."

She undid the clasp, unzipped them slowly, and pulled them to the floor. I stepped out of them and she tossed them aside.

I was standing there in a pair of blue briefs with Heather on her knees before me, waiting for her next instruction. It was a heady experience.

I instructed her to remove my underwear, and she did.

Looking directly in her eyes, I said "Kiss it".

She reached for my cock as I smacked her hands away.

"I didn't say touch it. I said kiss it."

She leaned forward and gently kissed the tip of my throbbing dick.

"Don't stop" I said as she leaned back to her original position.

She immediately leaned forward and began to kiss it again. Gently kissing the head, then moving down the shaft, to my balls, and back up the shaft until she reached the head again. She opened her mouth and started to engulf the head of my penis.

I smacked her, very gently, on the side of the face.

"I didn't tell you to suck it. Keep kissing it."

She began to take the head in again. Getting the signal, I slapped a little harder. Not much, as it was still barely more than a hard caress. She, again, began to take my cock in her mouth. I slapped a little harder, watching her closely for a signal that it was too hard, but she continued to try to take my cock in her mouth until finally she stopped. 

I knew what her limit was, but was surprised to see that her cheek was turning slightly pink.

She started kissing my cock again, up and down, around, kissing my balls and never taking it in her mouth.

Then, I told her to suck my cock. She immediately took it deep in her mouth, fucking my cock with her mouth like she was possessed. I watched as her beautiful hair swung to and fro as her head worked my cock. I watched her tits bounce. Her hand took my cock and began to stroke it.

I slapped her, as hard as I had before, careful never to hit harder.

"No hands, whore"

She dropped her hands immediately.

It didn't take long before I was ready to cum. I was surprised I had held out as long as I had. I was so turned on I felt like I would explode almost from the moment we started. I exploded into her mouth, never warning her it was coming, and she didn't hesitate when it did, taking every drop of my semen down her throat.

As she did, I grabbed her head and held her deep on my cock while I finished unloading down her throat. But, she continued to suck me. She worked at keeping my cock hard, and when it had regained enough of an erection to be useful, she stood and lay on the edge of the bed with her ass facing me.

I buried my cock in her wet pussy and fucked her for what seemed like an hour, in my exhausted state. 

When I came, and began to stand up, she summoned me with a crooked finger. She turned over on the bed, and guided me to her pussy, pulling my head into her wet vagina.

I licked her pussy eagerly, tasting both my cum and her sweetness, until she was cumming violently.

Then, it was done.

We curled up in bed without a word. She cuddled up against me, spooning, wiggling her ass against my soft cock as I wrapped my arm around her perfect waist. I pulled her in tighter, and she continued to move almost imperceptibly. 

I kissed the nape of her neck and we were asleep.