 Lauren gawked at Lisa's perfect tits, covered in her boyfriend's cum, wondering why this was the first time she had taken notice of them. 

Their slight tear-dropped shape peaked at a perfect-shaped, flesh-pink nipple. Lauren quickly bent down to clean the cum off her chest. She continued between her cleavage and encircling each nipple, waiting for them to perk up. Eagerly she took a breast into her mouth, rolling her tongue around the hard nipple. Switching from one to another, Lauren lapped up Travis's cum, noisily flicking each nipple before leaving to the next.

Travis watched with intrigue as his girlfriend licked his cum off another girl's tits. His awe grew into lust as he slipped a finger into Lauren's pussy. Travis was surprised how wet she was and noticed the longer she assaulted Lisa's tits, the more she came. Lisa was equally in awe at Lauren's apparent lust for her body, but welcomed the pleasurable exploration.

Lauren continued down Lisa's body, licking up the cum that had run down her stomach, closing in on her pussy. The further she went down the more Lisa began to lean down to the floor. As soon as she was within smell of Lisa's pussy Lauren dove into her mound, massaging her clit and drinking up her cum. 

Travis was still hard from watching his lust-filled girlfriend assaulting his ex.  Without hesitating he stuck his dick into her and began drilling her cunt. Lauren screamed into Lisa's pussy, which gave Lisa an extra thrill and began riding her face. Travis gazed over the spectacle before him: he was fucking the tightest, wettest pussy he had ever had – watching his dick pull in and out, her pussy lips grabbing hold while coating his dick in her white cum.  He followed her apple-bottom slamming into his pelvis across her arched back to where Lauren's face was buried into another girl's pussy. Lauren had reached her hands up under Lisa's legs and was groping her breasts, one at a time. Lisa was moaning, eyes half closed and moving with the flow of Travis's rhythm. It was the sexist thing he had ever seen in his life.

Lauren began breathing and moaning so much she had to pull up to get some air. As if waiting for it, Lisa spun around till she was underneath Lauren and reached for her clit with her tongue. Travis began pumping harder when he felt Lisa grazing both Lauren's clit and the base of his dick with her tongue. When Lauren felt Lisa's soft, warm tongue on her clit she immediately dove her face back into Lisa's pussy as she wrapped her legs around her head.

Lauren was overwhelmed with sexual sensations. She had never been so turned on in her life. She sensed the feeling was mutual for Travis as she felt his pace quicken even more and his cock grow bigger inside her. With a loud moan, almost a scream, Travis pulled out of Lauren's pussy and jacked his cumming dick all over Lisa's face. Lisa leaned up, mouth opened, welcoming the facial. Lauren turned around to clean up her boyfriend's dick with her mouth when she noticed Lisa was heaving on the floor, looking flushed and eager for more.

Lauren leaned over and started kissing Lisa; kissing Lisa's lips and face, gathering up Travis's cum. Lauren was between Lisa's legs, gyrating and rubbing each others' clits together just enough to get both the girls going. Hovering over Lisa, Lauren also felt the unusual sensation of Lisa's breasts rubbing against hers, creating slight friction on each others' nipples. Lauren was becoming so aroused from Lisa's moaning, she had to straddle Lisa and ride her, rubbing her cum all over her. Both girls were moaning and going crazy on each other, eventually Lisa rolled Lauren over to take control. Lauren instantly reached for Lisa's tit in her mouth. Oh, those delicious tits! Lauren loved the way Lisa tasted and how incredibly sexy she was.

Lisa straddled Lauren's thigh and began riding her like it was a dick, keeping herself close enough to Lauren to enjoy her mouth. Travis took a break to observe the sex-craze girls. Although he wasn't participating it was turning him the hell on.

"Let's give you a real dick to ride," Lauren said, lifting Lisa off her and calling Travis to lie on the floor.

Lisa was shaking his anxiety as she sat down on Travis's warm, throbbing cock. Lisa picked up where she left off with Lauren's leg and began riding the hell out of him. Her pace quickened the longer she went and soon she seemed subconscious to her surroundings.

"Can I enjoy you too baby?" Lauren asked, leaning down to kiss Travis. "Yes ma'am," Travis said eagerly, preparing himself for what Lauren had in mind.

Lauren turned facing Lisa, straddled Travis and sat down on his face. Travis reached around to grope and hold down Lauren's ass as he began lapping at her clit and impaling her pussy with his tongue. Lauren immediately began cumming all over Travis's face, leaning over to give him better access to her clit. Lisa's tits were bouncing in Lauren's face and she couldn't help to tag another nipple with her mouth. 

Lisa seemed overwhelmed with the gesture and started riding harder, moaning constantly, almost a whine to get what she was working so hard to accomplish. Lauren started riding Travis's face, feeling the same anxiety Lisa felt.  Suddenly Lisa's whine turned into a scream as her pussy tightened around Travis's dick and flooded his balls and stomach. An equally lustful scream echoed from Lauren as she flooded Travis's face with yet another orgasm.

As Lauren crawled off of Travis's face she was startled by his sudden movement. Travis flipped Lisa over and went to pounding away at her pussy. Lauren stared in surprise at the fury and determination in his eyes.

"Oh, this bitch feels good," Travis said between grunts, glaring at Lauren with burning eyes. He didn't say it with spite or intent to hurt Lauren. He hardly acknowledged Lisa, in fact, he was staring at Lauren the whole time. 

"Want me to fuck you like this?" he said. "Is your pussy going to cum all over this dick like she is?"

Continuously Travis came at Lauren with lude questions, dominating her mentally. 

"Sit there and watch me cum all over this slut," Travis demanded.

Lauren did more than that, she got off on it. The more Travis dominated her with his words and Lisa with his body, the hotter Lauren got. She was moaning and cumming, furiously rubbing her clit, pinching her tits and glaring back at Travis. They came in unison; Lauren screaming and convulsing and Travis spraying Lisa down with loads and loads of cum.

All three were exhausted on the floor, their naked, sweaty bodies lying on top of one another. "I bet you can't make me cum again . . . ," Lisa breathed heavily, looking at Lauren.