 I looked out from our patio above the trees at the end of the garden and saw that the clouds were gathering fairly quickly. Thick purple towers were rapidly developing in the north and I predicted that a real good rain would be hitting the house soon. It would come as a relief since the morning had been uncomfortably hot and a good storm would always bring a welcome cool to our house.

My wife smiled at me as I poured wine for our two guests, Annie and Melanie who had come to stay on our small farm for a few days. I sat down, raised my glass and welcomed them since it was their first visit to the house. Both ladies smiled and raised their glasses in response.

Annie and Melanie were old friends of ours who had stayed behind when we decided to leave the rat race. They had kept in touch with Sam, my wife, and one or the other of them had often hosted us when we had spent a night in town after a late movie or dinner. Both their husbands had left them though, given their looks, I would never understand why.

To thank them for the occasional sleepovers that they had hosted, Sam had suggested that they spend a long weekend with us and they had both accepted quite happily. I was only too happy to play host to these two goddesses and had been quite glad that their visit coincided with very hot weather since they were sure to expose lots of flesh.

The two had not disappointed me -- after I packed their bags in the bedrooms that they would use, they had quickly excused themselves to 'freshen up'. Annie had emerged from her room wearing a lovely white sundress that showed off her olive skin and dark hair beautifully and Melanie had come out in a pair of khaki shorts and a white sleeveless blouse tied in a knot around her midriff. I casually examined them as they walked through the house to the patio and imagined that neither was wearing a bra.

Our lunch went smoothly -- Sam had lots of news to catch up on and the girls had lots to share. I was kept busy serving food and pouring rather a lot of the Shiraz that we had purchased for the occasion. By the end of the meal, I had already thrown away five empty bottles and the girls were steadily consuming the sixth. Behind me, the clouds had covered the sun and, as I cleared the last of the plates from the table, I heard the distinctive sounds of the beginning of a summer rain. I went into the house to wash the dishes quickly while the girls made themselves comfortable on a huge swinging chair that looked out over our large manicured lawn.

***

I thought that I was in the kitchen alone when my wife's voice interrupted a rather personal daydream that I was having as I finished the last few plates in the water. 'Hey naughty boy -- it's getting a little lonely out there you know.' My conservative wife always loosened up after some wine and on this occasion her arousal was emphasised by a hug from behind and a tantalizing kiss on the back of my neck. Her hands snaked around my stomach and then worked their way underneath the waistband of my shorts and into my underwear. She didn't seem to notice the semi-hardness that my fantasizing had created but rather seemed pleased to find me in an aroused state. Her hand slowly stroked me and I leaned back a little to enjoy the press of her breasts against me. Her voice was husky with desire as she whispered into my ear --'You've been such a good husband, how am I ever going to reward you?' This is an old game we have played many times during our marriage. Sometimes she took herself seriously and followed through on the drunken promises and I imagined, if she managed to stay awake with all that Shiraz in her, that later that day, we would be able to have some naughty fun. 

She surprised me by tugging my shorts down and dropping to her knees as she turned my willing body around. My hiss of astonishment was strangled by the moan that came into my throat as she took the tip of my cock into her mouth. Blowjobs were very rare affairs in our marriage which made them even more special. Sam's tongue massaged the head of my cock gently, licking at it like an ice-cream cone. I worried about the other two girls in our house but the sensations that were coming from my dick overrode any rational thought. I placed my hands on Sam's shoulders and gently started rocking my hips forward as she took more of me into her mouth. She winked at me and then pushed my cock up against my belly and licked from its base right to the tip. 

Sam then stood, turned around, lifted her skirt and dropped her panties to the floor. Then she climbed on all fours onto the kitchen table and hiked her legs so that I could get the perfect view of her pussy. She knows that this position has always been an irresistible temptation to me and that afternoon it was no different. I took a step backward to enjoy the view. Sam has beautiful pussy lips when she is aroused. They become swollen and pink and her clit is nestled right at the end of a long elongated slit that is often visibly moist when I look at it before sex. Before I could approach her she stopped me from doing anything by slowly starting to play with herself, dipping first one finger then a second into her cunt and then thrusting them in and out of herself. Before I could say anything more, she slid of the table and smoothed her skirt back into place. "There's some more of that tonight, honey!'

The little minx! I could have drilled holes into plate steel with my hardon but I know from experience that stretching out the teasing would only increase the pleasure. I stepped forward to kiss her but a girlish screech of delight from the other side of the house interrupted my move and Sam pecked me on the cheek and disappeared through the kitchen door after whispering into my ear that we would definitely play some more later. I quickly stuffed myself back into my shorts, grabbed another bottle of wine and went out to join my wife and her two friends. 

As I walked onto the patio I saw that the drizzle was beginning to thicken into rain but was surprised to see only Sam and Melanie on the swing chair. Before I could ask, Sam pointed off to her right into the garden and I turned to see Annie walking around in the rain, her hands and arms out obviously enjoying the sensation of the raindrops on her skin.

The white sundress had plastered itself to her body and I sat down quickly to avoid having to explain any bulge in my shorts. Annie, like Melanie, was a beautiful girl -- dark to Melanie's blond, small breasted to Melanie's larger bust and smaller waisted to the generous curve of Melanie's hips. Both had beautiful faces, open and friendly though Annie's sultriness hinted at her Latino heritage.

There was none of that now. She was gorgeous and captivating in an innocently sensual way -- I glanced at my wife and Melanie and they too, sat entranced by her movements. I however was also enchanted by the sensuous curve of her breast and the darkened point of the nipple that peeked though the top of her wet clothing . I realized that I had been correct earlier on -- she was braless and, as she got more thoroughly soaked, her dress became almost transparent on her body. This also revealed her taught butt and the tiny thong that nestled between its cheeks. I was even more pleased when she turned to face us -- the thong barely made it past her lips. I was mesmerized. She smiled up at us and called to Melanie -- 'Come out here, its lovely -- the rain is almost warm,' she gestured, 'You'll love it.'

I couldn't get up for obvious reasons but Sam and Melanie were enchanted by this water fairy and they too walked down the steps out of the shelter of the house into the summer rain. The water began to soak through the fabric of their clothing almost immediately. 

My wife is a small busted, dark haired beauty and her orange top quickly clung to her breasts and revealed the large nipples that have always fascinated me. Even through the fabric of her very plain bra I could see what the water and perhaps our earlier sex play had done to the tips of her breasts. As much as I enjoyed the view I paid little attention to her as I watched the ample bosom of Melanie slowly get soaked in the light rain. All three girls were prancing around revelling in the caress of the drops of water -- I can't imagine that they intended it to be sexual but I had never seen anything quite so spellbinding -- as they moved their breasts bounced, Annie's in small tight circles and Melanie's in large waves. I was fascinated by Melanie's roundness and loved the way her small nipples gradually took shape under her blouse as it became plastered to her body. Unfortunately the darkness of her shorts afforded little view of her pussy but I enjoyed the shape of her legs and thighs as she ran around.

As it occurred to me to capture this scene on my mobile phone, my wife called to me and requested that I bring the three terry cloth bathrobes from our bathroom for them. I stood quickly and moved into the house but the smile I caught from Sam certainly indicated that she had seen my arousal. I came back out with the robes and handed them to the three women who had by then come out of the rain. They were soaking wet and I realized that towels would also be in order.

I brought those out as well and quietly retreated without bringing attention to myself to sit on the swing couch occupied earlier by the ladies. My circumspection was rewarded -- all three began to undress. My wife was open about it and allowed me to leer at her as she slipped out of her skirt and revealed a flash of bald pussy. The other two were more demure - both faced away from me as they removed their clothing and dried themselves. I was pleased to see them remove their panties as well and then tie their robes closed -- I hoped that before they would change into fresh clothing, I might be able to see a little more of their secrets.

They came to the couch and I had to scoot out of the way and sit in a single recliner across the way from them. The three sat and then folded their legs under them as they continued exclaiming in lovely terms about their fabulous experience. Melanie and Annie seemed oblivious to the show they had put on for me and strangely, I found that even more arousing.

After glancing at me, Annie mentioned that it was a pity that they had not been able to enjoy the rain naked and this comment received murmurs of agreement from the other two. Sam caught my eye and asked if there was not some sport that I could go and watch on television. I got the hint and made myself scarce -- at least as far as the three women were concerned. I moved to my study above the patio and waited expectantly. 

I saw their heads first -- the three sirens walked out into the garden hand in hand and completely naked. I could not avoid touching myself as they came into focus -- I could see the blond fuzz between Melanie's thighs and the dark vertical strip of hair below Annie's navel. It was pure perfection and I greedily drank in all the details that I could see. Melanie's lighter skin was slightly freckled and she had a wide floral tattoo above her arse. Her thighs were strong and muscular without being heavy and her breasts were images of feminine perfection. I could not help imagine cupping them in my hands and caressing them. Annie's body was equally attractive -- clearly both had kept in shape. I caught my wife glancing up at the study window so perhaps she saw me but she didn't seem to drag the other two into the house so I wasn't sure. They walked around for some time getting wetter and wetter and I could not help but drop my shorts and seriously start masturbate even though I could see very little detail from my vantage point. 

Unfortunately they returned to the house relatively quickly and, after a short while, I heard my wife calling up for some sherry. I came out to see them on the patio and distributed the glasses happy to see that the girls seemed comfortable enough to lounge about in their robes. 

We kept chatting but I had trouble maintaining focus on the small niknaks of conversation that passed the time. All the girls were sparkling and, as the sherry flowed, their awareness of their lack of clothing faded. At one point, talking about a local politician I glanced up to see up the robe of Melanie. She was sitting crosslegged happily chatting but her robe had slipped aside revealing her cunt. The lips were smaller than my wife's but I could see that there were lots of folds and I imagined my tongue exploring those folds as she wrapped her thighs around my head. Some moments later I got to see Annie's breasts from close up as she stretched to get her glass. I was in a state of perpetual arousal.

My wife eventually got up and came to sit with me, her head swimming with alcohol. She turned me around and said that she was going to take a little snooze -- I settled behind her as she lay on her back. I think the snooze was a ruse because her hand quickly found its way to my cock.

She found it hard since I had been ogling Annie and Melanie as they arranged themselves on the swing couch. By this time their robes were so loose that they exposed delicious bits of themselves with every movement. I caught a glimpse of the blond pussy hair of Melanie and almost jerked when she reached into her robe to scratch her groin. Once they lay down foot to foot things settled but I still got to enjoy an expanse of thigh from Annie. I was not sure which way things were going to turn out and given my previous experience I anticipated have a quick snuggle with Sam and then maybe a short nap.

Sam had other ideas. After a short while, she whispered to me, 'How was the show, hubby? Did you like it?' Her hand was busy stroking my erection so she had a good idea of the answer. I love it when the wine loosens her inhibitions but this was splendid. I glanced over at the other two who seemed to have decided that a good nap was in order. Their breathing had become regular and it seemed that they had fallen asleep. Sam got up slowly, trying not to make any noise and let the robe fall from her shoulders into a pile on the floor. She looked at me and with a whisper that could rouse the libido of a ninety year old geriatric, said "Dessert will be served in the bedroom". I'll admit that a small part of me wanted to see if I could get any peeks into the clothing of the other two women but as I stared at the butt of the sexy woman that was my wife and the way it swayed as she walked away from me was irresistible and I got up to follow her.

I got up quietly and followed her and caught up to her as we entered the living room. By this time I was crazy with desire and I grabbed her and swung her around to start a deep kiss. I think the combination of the wine and the situation made us forget the two ladies napping outside as Sam pushed me backwards onto one of the couches and pulled my shorts down to my knees. She swayed in front of me dancing to a silent tune. She raised her left arm above her head and then trailed down it with her other hand when she reached her breasts she moved her finger to her nipple gently tweaking it with her fingers. Her eyes were closed and I watched her move her hand slowly between her thighs to start to stroke her clit. She knelt down next to the sofa and gently kissed my mouth, her tongue darting in to just touch mine and then retreating again. I reached out to touch her nipple as she started a row of featherlight kisses leading to my groin.

Her eyes caught mine as she reached my cock which was straining for attention. She let the tip lightly touch her cheeks, teasing me. Then came a gentle kiss right at the top followed by a slight suction as she opened her mouth. I had to control myself from bucking into her mouth right there as she swirled her tongue around. Finally she took me deep into her mouth while her tongue worked vigourously. She stopped and looked at me, "Do you like?"

"I love it when you suck my cock," I replied needlessly, "but I want some of your pussy to taste."

She stood a moment while I got rid of all my clothing and then climbed over me lowering her sweet lips to my mouth. Her arousal was evident as a musky smell filled my nose. I spread her gently apart and licked slowly up her slit. I plunged my tongue deep into her, exploring her cunt and enjoyed the way that she squirmed her groin down onto me. She had been keeping some of the weight on her knees but as my tongue continued to lap at her pussy, she slid down pressing it downwards. She groaned and said with a slight quiver in her voice, "Yes, lick my pussy. Stick your tongue into me." Then she became quieter as she took my manhood back into her mouth and quiet sounds of wet tongues filled the room. She took me deep into her mouth -- she had never managed to take all of me but the movement of her tongue on the ridge under my cock was driving me crazy and I began thrusting upwards as I approached orgasm.

She stopped suddenly and I thought she was teasing me until she whispered to me to me quietly to listen. I stopped, my tongue still in her and then heard the light feminine giggle of our two guests from outside the house. We became aware of the fact we were very much exposed and decided to move to our bedroom before the two could come inside. Our route took us past the window looking out onto the patio and I quickly glanced outside to see what the girls were giggling about.

It was an image I won't ever forget and left me standing in wonder. Annie was sitting behind Melanie with Melanie resting between her legs and her head lying on Annie's shoulder. The pose was beautiful and as I watched I saw Annie's hand slowly run down her neck and chin. When her finger reached Melanie's lips, her mouth opened to gently kiss the finger. Annie then reached her hand to Melanie's cheek and turned her face towards her own. She leaned down and lightly planted her lips on Melanie's. The kiss seemed hesitant but I saw their mouths open and then the touch of their tongues.

The sound of the floorboards creaking on the other side of the room reminded me of my wife -- I turned to look at her enjoying the brazen pose that she had assumed -- hands on hips legs apart -- I could see her pussy lips glisten amongst the slight fuzz of her pubic hair. I gestured for her to come over and pointed down at the two women kissing each other on the other side of the window. Sam's eyes widened but her whispered response took me by surprise -- "They're so lucky -- I wondered if they were ever going to allow themselves to let go like that. There has always been an attraction there, you know.""

Below us, the kiss had gotten more intimate. Annie had pushed her hand into Melanie's robe and was playing with the nipple. Sam in the meanwhile was trying to pull me away from the scene and I reluctantly began to back away but I was too turned on to wait. I pulled her closer to me. My hand slipped between her legs and she moaned as I slipped a finger inside of her. I kept it still looking straight into her eyes and then very gently began to manoeuvre my finger inside of her. It was a subtle movement that had her breathing heavily. Every now and again I would slide my finger outwards right to the edge of her cunt and then I would slide it back in. Her pelvis rocked forward each time desperate for the continued contact.

Eventually, she leaned forward and whispered, "How many fingers do you have inside of me?" I held up my other hand showing one finger. "Put another one inside me, please?" The quiver in her voice almost had me throwing her down and taking her right then. She widened her legs and I withdrew the finger and then replaced it with two fingers that slipped into her extremely easily. She sighed and I started flexing my fingers inside of her. Her eyes closed and she leaned into me slowly humping my hand. "Another one," she breathed, completely lost to anything but my touch. She was so wet that I slid the third finger into her pussy with no resistance. I had visions of her asking for a fourth finger but she began to make slight whimpering noises that indicated an approaching orgasm. Her eyes caught mine and she whispered fiercely "Don't stop. Just don't stop. Please don't stop." Then it came and she leaned into my shoulder and came - her pelvic muscles gripping my fingers as her body shuddered. Her whisper was throaty with sex as she hissed a long "Yesssssssssss" into my ear.
