 Heather was becoming a whore. She had an insatiable sexual appetite. She had lost so many inhibitions that she would do almost anything, or allow it to be done to her. She would fuck young men, old men, attractive men, fat men, men with big dicks, men with little dicks, one man, ten men, or women. She would fuck softly and lovingly, passively, submissively, dominantly, or aggressively.

But, on Tuesday night, she told me she was doing the one thing she had never considered before.

It had been a fairly normal night at work, and Heather had been home alone. At least, I assume she had been alone. I never really knew for sure anymore, and I liked it that way. She had been texting me fairly regularly, and I had texted her when I had a chance.

They were fairly routine texts. I was working and she was playing on the internet. She was chatting with a couple of different guys, so I was fairly sure she was alone. I was disappointed.

When I got home, she didn't rush to meet me, so I was suddenly unsure if she was actually alone. I went up to the bedroom, and she wasn't there. I went to the basement, and she was there, in the computer room.

"Be out in a minute" she called as she heard me enter the family room.

I poked my head in the computer room, and she was shutting her computer off and stood to kiss me.

"I have a surprise for you" she said with a gleam in her eye.

"What?" I asked, curiously.

"Sit down" she said, climbing on my lap as I did.

Straddling me in a pair of hot black underwear and her fishnet top, she kissed me and immediately started slowly grinding her pussy against my cock. I lay back against the couch and looked at her.

"You like me fucking other guys, don't you?" she said, kissing me softly and sensually.

"Yes" I said in a matter of fact tone.

"You like me fucking lots of guys, don't you?" followed by another kiss.

"Yes". My voice barely above a whisper.

"You like me to fuck them even when you aren't there, don't you?"

"Yes."

"Even strangers, right"

"Yes"

I was already so hard I couldn't stand it, with her ass grinding my cock, and her hitting every chord when it came to how I wanted her to be a shore.

"You know that I know Jim collects money from the guys who gangbang me, don't you?"

"Yes"

"Does that make me a whore?" she asked barely audibly.

"Yes."

She kissed me, deeply and sensually and pulled back from my lips and looked me in the eyes.

"Would it turn you on if someone paid ME?"

"Yes". Thoughts suddenly swirled in my head. Who? Had she fucked someone for money while I was at work? How much? How had it happened?

"A guy from the internet is paying me two hundred dollars to spend the weekend with him" she smiled triumphantly as she saw the shocked look on my face.

I wasn't really sure if I did like it. I wasn't sure if she was serious. But, I had pushed her to be a whore for so long, and when she had asked me if I would like her fucking for money, I had said yes. In fantasies, it had turned me on, but now I wasn't so sure. But, I played along.

"Really?" I whispered.

"Uh-huh".

"Who?" I asked.

"You don't know him. He is in Kansas in the military."

"When is he coming?" I asked.

"He isn't. He booked a plane ticket for me, and he booked a hotel room by the airport. I am flying out Friday night and I'll be back Sunday night. I told him I'll be a good whore and he can do whatever he wants."

I didn't believe her, but it WAS a hot fantasy.

"He's married and his wife is away for the weekend."

Oh my God, this was getting so hot.

"I have been working on this for a couple of weeks. The ticket and the room are confirmed. I need you to take me to the airport Friday after work."

"OK", I whispered, suddenly believing her and being very turned on.

She reached down to stroke my cock.

"You do like it, don't you?"

"Yes" I whispered as she unzipped my pants and pulled my cock out. She got on her knees between my legs and took my cock slowly into her mouth.

"You like me being a whore, don't you?" she asked with my cock touching her lips.

"Yes" I whispered as she slowly took my cock deep into her mouth.

"A dirty, nasty whore?" as my cock came out of her mouth again.

"Yes" as she went down on me again.

"What if I have already done it?" she asked.

"Have you?" I asked as she engulfed me again.

She didn't answer. She just started to take me cock deep into her mouth over and over, slowly taking it as far as she could, and sucking hard as she let it slide out of her mouth.

She took the base of my shaft in her hands and started to stroke it as her other hand massaged my balls. She spun her hand as her mouth worked up and down, her fingers tickling my balls in unison.

I wanted to fuck her.

As I started to push her off so I could stand, she applied pressure, not letting me up and resumed her assault on my cock. I was about to cum, and I didn't warn her.

I shot my load, a huge one, into her mouth and she just swallowed it without a word. She continued sucking, slowly, trying to drain every last drop of cum, and she swallowed it all.

Then she got up, and as if someone had flipped a switch, she asked if I wanted a beer from the kitchen.

"Sure". I sat there in confusion as she left, wondering if what she had told me was true, wondering what was coming next.

She came back with two beers dressed in her regular old pajamas. She set the beers on the end table, and curled up against me on the couch, grabbing the remote to turn on the television.

I wondered what porn she had been watching, and if that was what she was turning on. But, it was nothing like that. She just turned on an episode of Nip/Tuck and settled in to watch it.

There was something a little odd all week. We fucked. We looked for partners on the internet. We talked about things we still wanted to do. Except when she was going to work, she was dressing as slutty as possible all the time. We went out to dinner at Ruby Tuesday in Newark, and as we walked in people stared. It looked as if I had picked up a hooker and came there directly from a strip club. I wondered if they would let us in.

But there was not a lot of boundary pushing the rest of that week, and we definitely didn't fuck anyone else. At least, I didn't think so.

Friday, leaving from work, I still wasn't sure that this weekend was still going to happen. It had been a fantasy that had led to a great blowjob, but the rest of the week had been a little dull and I was sure it had run it's course.

But, she was packed and waiting for me when I got home. She said she didn't make dinner because we had to get to the airport, so we could grab McDonalds on the way.

We talked as we drove, and I tried to make sure she was OK with what she was doing. She was, and she was proud of herself for doing it. She asked if I was proud of her.

"Yes" I said hesitantly.

"Isn't it what you want?"

"Yes". The truth was, I wanted her to be a whore all the time. This was just new territory.

"Good, because I have done it twice this week".

"What!?"

"I made more money fucking two guys while you worked than I made all week at work."

"Really" Disbelief. Not disbelief in the I don't believe her way, but rather, the I can't believe this is happening way.

Suddenly, she reached for my cock, and as she started to stroke it through my pants she whispered just slightly over the music "Do you like your little whore making money while you work?"

"I don't have to ask" she said as she stroked my cock.

She unzipped my pants and pulled my cock out. She started to suck my cock without another word as I drove up I95 toward Phlly International Airport. 

Cars drove by, and I wondered if they could see. I made eye contact with almost every passerby, trying to figure out if they knew. I tried to maintain our position outside large groups of cars to lessen our chances of being seen.

It was a glorious blowjob. She seemed to be on a mission to make me cum. And when I did, she simply swallowed it, and set up in her seat, smiling.

I dropped her at the airport, and headed home. Already bored.