 Heather was becoming a whore. She had an insatiable sexual appetite. She had lost so many inhibitions that she would do almost anything, or allow it to be done to her. She would fuck young men, old men, attractive men, fat men, men with big dicks, men with little dicks, one man, ten men, or women. She would fuck softly and lovingly, passively, submissively, dominantly, or aggressively.

She had been paid to fuck two different guys while I worked the previous week and she had just returned from a weekend in Kansas with a guy who had paid her 200 dollars to spend the weekend with him while his wife had been gone. Not only had she fucked him, but several other guys while she was there. I was proud of her.

Things were moving fast. She had seemingly given herself over to being a whore. She hadn't objected to anything I had suggested in a while, and had even taken to pushing her own limits. 

I had ideas on how to push her limits further still. I was addicted. The more she did, the more I wanted to push her. And it seemed the more sex she got, the more she wanted.

'Jay wants to fuck me'. I got that text while I was working on Monday.

Jay was a guy who worked at the restaurant where she still worked. He had worked there when I had worked there and we knew each other. We weren't friends, but we had all gone out together as part of the group to watch Monday Night Football at BWW. He knew we were dating, and I assumed he knew about our lifestyle. Most of the people there did.

'You should do it' I returned.

I knew that fucking Jay would be something she did just because I told her to. We had discussed Jay before. She listed him as the next to last guy she would fuck there, only topping the manager, Vito. Jay was about 22. Slightly overweight with red hair and a slight speech impediment, he wasn't her type. He wasn't most girls type.

'Do you want me to?' she asked.

'I am going out with him tonight'. A couple of hours later, when I had a chance to check my phone, I saw that she had already set it up.

'MMMM. You should be dirty and nasty with him.'

'I will.'

'Good, and I have plans tomorrow night'.

'Really?' She didn't even question who or what it was. 

'Yes. And you will like it. I know I will.'

'OK.'

And that was it. I was fairly busy, and apparently she was too. We didn't have time to text anymore until she told me she was off and waiting for Jay to get off as I was heading home.

When I got there, I noticed another text.

'Charlie is buying me lunch.'

Charlie was another of the guys she worked with, who had been there when I worked there. Charlie was her type. He was in his mid thirties, and all the girls considered him very attractive. He flirted with all of them and they all liked it.

The only thing was he was married.

'Whore' I texted her.

I simply got a smiley face in return.

That was the last text I got until she got home. She got home pretty last, considering she had left with Jay at about 4:30.

"So tell me about it" I said when she had gotten home and we were lying in bed. I was playing with her tit as she lay her head on my shoulder.

"We went to BWW to eat, and then he took me back to Nino's. I sucked his cock behind the restaurant and we are going out next Monday night."

"Are you going to fuck him?" I asked, leering.

"Uh-huh. Charlie fucked me when I got back."

"Really?" I was turned on. Two guys from work in the same day and they obviously knew about each other. "Tell me about it."

"Charlie was still working when I got back to work and we started talking. I hung around until he was off, and we went to the service road behind Best Western and fucked on the hood of his car."

"MMMM." I said as I started to kiss her. She took my hand and moved it to her pussy. It was warm and wet and she started grinding it on my finger.

"Do you feel that pussy? He fucked me hard. I came so hard. He laid me across the hood and he fucked me from behind. He pounded me. Is that what you want? You want my pussy out there for everyone? Sucked Jay and fucked Charlie. Do you like that?"

"Oh yes" I said as we kissed.

"Jay's cock was in that mouth" she said as her tongue traced mine. So was Charlie's. I swallowed his cum. Can you taste it?"

I couldn't, but to keep her going I lied.

"Yes" I said in a whisper. "Did you like it?"

"Yes. I want you to fuck me now. Slide your cock in that wet pussy."

I climbed on top of her and slid my cock in her. It slid in easily, her pussy still wet from earlier fucking and getting wetter at the prospect of another fucking. I slid my cock in slowly and as deeply as I could and started a slow, deep rhythm as I kissed her.

"You like to be fucked, don't you?" I asked her.

"Yes". She replied.

"You always want to be fucked, don't you?"

"Yes".

"You don't care who, do you"?

"No"

It was everything I could do not to just start pounding her, I wanted to cum so badly, but I kept up slowly fucking her.

"You're a whore, aren't you?"

"Yes" she said without hesitation.

"A real whore, right? You fuck for money."

"Yes."

"You'll fuck anyone who pays you, won't you?"

"Yes"

"You'll fuck anyone I tell you to, right?"

"What if I want to watch you get gangbanged by a bunch of black guys?"

"MMMM, please."

"What if I charge them 20 dollars each/'

"MMMM"

I was so turned on, I continued to fuck her slowly as my hands went to her throat. She tilted her head back, giving me better acces and I applied just enough pressure to cause her breath to become raspy as I continued the deep, sensual strokes in her drenched pussy.

"I want you to swallow all their cum"

"OK" she croaked out an answer.

"Be their submissive little whore."

"As long as they fuck me." She whispered.

"You want them to fuck you hard, don't you?"

"Yes."

"One after another?"

"Yes"

"Over and over until your pussy is sore?"

"Yes"

"That's my good whore" I said as I exploded in her pussy. I relaxed my grip on her throat, and she rolled over and took my deflating cock in her mouth and started to suck the cum off of it. She sucked hard, like a vacuum trying to get every last speck. She swallowed everything she got and then put my hand on her pussy directing me to make her cum.

I gladly did..

She kept on surprising me. She willing did anything I expressed an interest in, and she had taken to fucking outside our relationship with a passion. 

She told one day that since we had started dating, counting the gangbangs and all, she had fucked 83 different guys. I had been number 18, so that brought her total, at 22 years old, to 101 guys.

I kissed her gently and called her a whore. And, of course, we fucked.

Sunday, we were out shopping for a new car. We went on Sunday because the dealers were closed and we could look at the cars without being harassed by salesmen until we were ready.

We were at Kirkwood Dodge on Kirkwood Highway in Wilmington, Delaware. We were looking at some cars when suddenly, a car drove by and someone shouted out the window.

"SLUT" they shouted loudly.

She was dressed in a pair of jeans with a corset top that pushed her beautiful tits up, showing a lot of cleavage and plenty of flesh, but it was not as revealing as a lot of things she wore. It also didn't scream slut the way a lot of her outfits did.

I suspect that these were people that knew her, but we never did find out.

What I did find out was that, up until then, being a slut or a whore was something that was reserved for us. She liked ME to call her a slut and was beginning to like WHORE to become a part of us. She liked to be called a slut when she was fucking, but being called a slut by a random car going down the road had a completely different effect.

She was hurt and angry. I think this may have been the first time that I realized that I was willfully breaking her down. I realized that the sexual component of our relationship was really all that mattered, and that she was a toy to be used.

I could have reacted with compassion, simply holding her and realizing that she possibly didn't really want this lifestyle. I could have realized that she was only doing it to keep me happy since I had been the only guy to ever treat her well when we had first started dating.

But, I didn't. It actually bothered me that all the work I had put in to breaking her down and making her believe that she was a whore had been in vain. It was a game to her. It was a persona she had assumed, but was hurt when others thought it was who she was.

So, instead of comforting her, I used the opportunity to break her down more.

I held her close, standing there in the seas of new cars as other cars drove by down Kirkwood Highway and in the most comforting voice I could muster, I told her "But, you ARE a whore. You fuck guys for money. That's the definition of a whore. You fuck strangers. You fuck guys I tell you to. You are such a cheap whore, that you do it for free if there is no money involved. As long as you get fucked."

"I thought you LIKED being a whore. You love having your pussy pounded. By anyone. Why hide who you are."

I was relentless. She was sobbing, and the more I spoke the more she cried. We had gotten in the car, and her tears continued. I drove off, heading home with her crying uncontrollably in the passenger seat, barely uttering a word.

I kept talking. She had stopped crying, but was still sitting in silence. Only responding to me when I insisted on an answer. We got home, and immediately went to the sofa. I turned on some porn and held her. In a most comforting tone, I continued to call her a whore. I told her she was as good as any of the sluts on TV. I told her I loved her being fucked and used all the time. I told her that she would be the perfect whore when she was fucking and someone walked in, instead of embarrassment at being caught, that the new person would just be invited to fuck her with the rest of them. If we were watching football with some of the guys over, and someone wanted a blowjob, she would drop to her knees right there and accommodate them, and anyone else who wanted it.

I stroked her pussy while I was doing this. I kissed her, continuing to speak in a low, soothing voice. After a while, her pussy started getting wet.

As soon as her juices started to flow, I climbed on top of her, laying her head on the arm of the sofa, arching her head back slightly and presenting her delicate neck to me. I put my hand to her throat, and kept kissing her as I slowly and gently fucked her increasingly wet pussy.

"You are a whore, aren't you? You don't care who knows it. The more people that know, the more you can get fucked. You know I want to let all my friends fuck you. I love it when strangers in a bar know that they can fuck you. Girls call you a slut because they know you will fuck their boyfriends or their husbands. Guys call you a whore because you are suck a slut they don't want their friends to know that they really want to fuck you. But, you know they would at a moment's notice. And you WOULD fuck them, even if they told you no one could know, wouldn't you."

"Uh-huh". It was the first thing she had said. She had given in. She was broken.

I continued to fuck her, but stopped choking her and just pounded her mercilessly. She liked that, and became wetter and louder the longer it went.

When I came, I pulled out of her pussy, and told her to suck the cum off of my cock. She did. I sat there and watched as she began to finger her pussy until she came.

We both worked days the next day. I spent the day being productive. Work was slow, so I was texting. A lot.

I was texting every person we had ever fucked who was close by, hoping to find someone free to surprise her with. I had formulated a plan to bring someone home with me, and without warning, present her to him.

But, it turned out better. Ryan and Leo, two black guys who had been parts of a couple of gangbangs in the past, were both available. They were friends, and they both liked the idea of a free weeknight fuck.

Heather had fucked them both. Several times. But, she wasn't a fan. Unlike Brian, who dressed very "middle American" in khaki pants and button up shirts or tennis shorts and polo shirts, these guys dressed more in line with stereotypical hip-hop culture.

They wore baggy jeans, hanging down showing large swatches of their underwear. They wore oversized T shirts and Leo had dreads and they didn't speak with the same educated syntax that Brian did.

She had said they were "ghetto". She was actually a little afraid of them. They were perfect.

They met me at Pats Pizza, right around the corner from our house, and followed me home. They had been to our house before, but I didn't want them to arrive before me.

When I walked in the house, Heather was, of course, already home and had put on her pajamas to relax for the evening. She had no idea I had been planning anything.

She stiffened noticeably when Ryan and Leo hugged and kissed her after I had greeted her.

Ryan held her hand out and spun her a little, telling her that she made those pajamas look fine. Leo rubbed her ass as he told her she made anything look fine, especially nothing.

"I'll get beers" I said as I started to the kitchen, leaving them alone to do as they wanted.

When I returned, they were sitting on the sofa, with her between them and their hands were caressing her tits as they kissed her and continued to tell her how hot she was. But, she would be hotter with nothing on and her mouth full of cock.

I sat the beers down, and grabbed the camera.

"Look at me" I said as Leo's hand ran under her shirt, squeezing her tit.

She looked at me and smiled. She was immediately performing. That was what she liked, and it appeared that she was comfortable in any situation as long as it involved performing for me.

She took her top off, maintaining eye contact with the camera as I snapped furiously.

They had her naked before long, and she was sitting between them stroking both cocks while they explored her body. The camera had transformed her.

Leo stood her up, and began to admire her ass as Ryan kissed her. She dropped to her knees and held their cocks out in front of her face. Leo's cock was large, but Ryan was the antithesis of the stereotype. He had a very small cock.

But, it didn't matter. She was working on both of them with gusto. She would suck them, and stroke them, looking at the camera.

"You like being a whore like this, don't you?" I asked her as she had Leo's large cock buried in her throat.

She just looked at me and smiled, continuing to stroke Ryan's.

She had them both hard though. 

They stood her up and leaned her over the arm of the sofa, her ass in the air. Leo began to lick her ass while Ryan presented his cock to her mouth. She sucked it, her hand playing with his balls, moaning and watching me with the camera.

Leo put his cock to her pussy and thrust. There was no resistance.

"This whore is already wet!" he exclaimed. They knew our deal from previous gangbangs.

"Fuck her hard" I said and she arched her ass up toward him while continuing to work on Ryan's cock.

Leo pounder her. He called her a whore. When she started to say something and removed Ryan's cock from her mouth, he pushed her head back down on his cock and started to pound her again.

"Oh Fuck" she said in between Ryan thrusting his cock in her mouth. "MMMM" "Yeah" she moaned as she was getting fucked.

I got up, and walked around to the other side of the couch to get a different angle for pictures. I was above her as she was now sitting on the couch with Leo on his knees between hers and Ryan was on the sofa with his cock pounding her mouth as she looked over top of her where I was taking pictures.

Occasionally, she would let Ryan's cock slip from her mouth to moan or scream or pose for the camera and she always kissed it and licked the tip, cleaning it before beginning to suck it again.

"Come on, baby" I said to her "Suck that cock."

"Keep that dick in your mouth" Ryan added. Leo continued to pound her pussy.

That large black cock, thrusting in and out of her pale shaved pussy was a beautiful thing. It turned me on so much watching it.

Leo was suddenly ready to cum. He groaned and stiffened slightly, and Heather immediately got to her knees and began to stroke him, posing for the cameras as she had seen so many women in porn videos do. She was stroking him with her mouth sucking on the head of his cock.

When his back arched, she took his cum and swallowed it, looking at me and smiling.

Then, she sat back on the sofa and told Ryan to fuck her.

He slammed his cock in her pussy, and she started to grind her pussy on his cock, doing all the work as if she were trying to extract the cum. Leo presented his cock to her mouth, and she began to suck it eagerly.

She dropped to his balls and began to worship them, knowing that I was taking pictures and how hot these would be. She slowly licked the underside of his balls as she continued to get fucked.

Then she took Leo's cock in her hand and started to stroke the already growing dick. Without a word, Ryan withdrew from her pussy, obviously ready to cum.

"Fuck me" she screamed and he did. Three or four more strokes and Ryan was cumming in her pussy.

She sat Leo down on the couch and climbed on top f him, grinding her pussy on his cock while taking Ryan's deflated cock in her mouth. Ryan's cock was so small when not erect that it seemed almost useless, but she soon had it hard again.

She looked at me and began to squeeze her pussy on Leo's cock and sliding up it before slamming back down on it.

"Damn" Leo yelled.

"Fuck him" I directed her.

When he was ready to cum, there was no thought to pulling out. He pounded her deeply as she slammed her pussy down on his cock and when he was ready to cum, she started to grind her pussy faster and faster on his cock.

"Give it to me. Give it to me" she repeated over and over.

He came in her pussy, as she worked at making Ryan cum again.

Leo had collapsed on the couch, but Heather kept working Ryan's cock until he was ready to cum. She stroked his cock while waiting for him to cum.

When he did, she took it in her mouth and swallowed it all.

"Are you proud of me?" she said as she looked into the camera.

"MMMM, Yes. Now, suck my cock."

She turned, and over the back of the couch, took out my cock and began to give me an intense blowjob that was not part of making love, not a part of a couples sex life, but just a blowjob that a whore would give someone paying her twenty bucks in an alley.

She looked up at the camera while working my cock to make me cum.

When I did, she let some of it escape so the pictures would have some cum on her lips as she licked it up. Then swallowed it with a smile.

Ryan and Leo were already mostly dressed.

We talked for a minute while I put my cock back in my pants and Heather put her Pajamas back on. They both gave her a hug and left.

I sat down beside her, and began to show her the pictures.

"You were such a good whore" I said.

The more we looked at the pictures, the more she got into it. She got excited selecting her favorites and talking about how hot she looked with Leo's cock in her mouth or how good a whore she was.

We ordered pizza and went to bed.