 Heather wanted to talk. We were both off and had no plans, so we decided to go to Nottingham Park in Nottingham, Pennsylvania. It's just a wooded area with a huge nature walk and some beautiful scenery. I could take some outdoor shots of Heather because there was always plenty of privacy in the woods. We hadn't spent a lot of time alone lately, and some bonding time would be nice.

She was dressed as conservatively as she ever was; a pair of very short shorts, sneakers, and a tube top that allowed her beautiful tits to bounce when she walked. It was the perfect outfit for a hike in the woods.

We drove up in relative silence. I wasn't sure what she wanted to say and she wasn't sure how to say it. We walked and talked about insignificant things. We held hands and I took her picture in some of the more scenic locations.

We came to a walking bridge crossing a creek, and she wanted to sit down. I sat, hanging my feet off of the bridge dangling close to the water. She lay down and lay her head in my lap.

There was silence, but only for a moment.

"I like to fuck" she said.

"I know." I said matter of factly. "I love that, too."

"No, I like to fuck. You, someone else, two guys, lots of guys. I like to fuck. I don't really like ALL the games."

"I know."

"I play them because I like to fuck."

"I would fuck lots of guys without the games."

Our sex life HAD kind of become one long running game of chicken, with both of us pushing each other, trying to find our limits all the time. We had both fucked a lot of other people, together and separately. She had been gangbanged. She had been gangbanged while I was tied to a pole in our basement and forced to watch and not take pictures. She had invited a bi guy to fuck both of us. I had tried to fist her multiple times. She had fisted my ass as well as fucking my ass with her foot. We had pissed on each other. I had learned to perform oral while she menstruated. She had gotten adept at smothering me with her ass, and slapping me and humiliating me, just as I had gotten adept at doing the same to her. We had played "dare" games and had both fucked co-workers. We had visited Bush River, a local adult store with a theater and glory holes, multiple times. She had done a blow bang and gotten gangbanged there. She had placed me in the middle of the floor, available to anyone who chose to fuck my mouth. Several did. We had not found anything that was off limits.

"I know." I repeated again. I wondered where this was going. I knew she liked fucking. I knew she thought fucking was what she was good at and good for. I also knew that she would have just preferred to fuck all the time.

"I don't like having to be dominant." She explained. "I want cock. That's all."

"But, I want more than that" I said. It was true, I had become addicted and nothing was ever enough. I wanted to push the edges further and further. The more taboo something seemed the more I wanted it. The more it shocked people the more it excited me.

When she hadn't wanted to fuck black guys, I pushed her to black guys. When she didn't want to fuck guys in Bush River, I took her there constantly. When she didn't like to be called a whore, I not only called her that all the time, but encouraged her to fuck for money so she was, literally, a whore. When she wanted a guy to fuck my ass, I was not interested. But, when she told me how it excited her, I became more and more turned on. And when he did fuck me, I didn't want tentative, gentle fucking. He had a large cock and I wanted him to fuck me hard enough to hurt me. She didn't like anal, so I had been pushing that lately.

"I know." She said, repeated my answer back to me.

"I have been seeing Jay a lot lately."

I knew she had fucked Jay a few times. I had encouraged it because she had thought he was gross.

"I know."

"No you don't. I have seen him A LOT. Not just to fuck."

"Really?" For how long?"

"A couple of months. He lets me be me."

"I do too", I reasoned.

"No, you want me to be what you want. He lets me be what I want. He lets me stay with you if I want. He will see me whenever we can. I can fuck whoever I want. I don't have to hide it from him, but he doesn't ask me to do anything."

"Jay?" I asked, bewildered.

"He has never watched me fuck. He doesn't want to. But, no matter how many people I fuck he never gets upset. Even when I was arranging a gangbang with Jim, he was right beside me in the car and never said a word. He didn't go, but didn't try to stop me."

"So, what are you saying?"

"I really don't know. I don't have to leave you to keep him. He's fine with things the way they are, but.."

"You are going to."

"I think so. He said I don't have to stop seeing you. I want to. You have a perfect cock. When I told you that, I wasn't lying. It touches all the right places, but it's not so big it's uncomfortable. And, sometimes I like to try new things. Just not all the time."

"You know I hate Jay" I said.

"I know" she said.

"Well, I think you are going to have to choose" I said to her.

It was kind of an ultimatum, and I knew how that would go. I had gotten good at pushing her gently, over time and letting her decide to do things because she wanted to please me. Never, not one time, had an ultimatum worked. Whenever she had been told by ANYONE that she had to do something, she had dug in her heels and nothing could change her mind.

"I don't want to."

"You can fuck Jay, but I won't share you with him."

"Are you sure?"

"Yes" I replied firmly.

"Well, I choose him, then. I can't lose what I have."

"What about us?"

She sat up, and turned to look at me.

"What about us? I want to keep what we have."

"But, with Jay, too"

"Yes. You were willing to share me with Rob. Why not Jay?"

"Because I hate Jay."

"But, I love him."

"I thought you loved me."

"I do. I love both of you."

It went on for a while. We were interrupted a couple of times by other hikers who passed by. She remained firm that if she was forced to choose, she was choosing Jay.

I felt the need to control her. We both began to lose our tempers. We both yelled a bit. We called each other names. I turned into a regular degenerate argument. Then, I realized how ridiculous that was.

"OK, so what are you going to do?" I asked her.

"I guess I will move back in with Granny for a while" she said.

And that was it. Over the next few days, she moved out and I told Katie, the girl we rented from, that I was moving out, too. My wife, when she found out, wanted to give us one more chance, so I moved back in with her.

I was close to my kids again, so that was great.

I got a new job, reading EKG's in a local hospital. I made friends, and most of my friends were the younger people in my department. A few of them even knew about heather and that I missed her terribly.

After a couple of months went by, I was sitting at a telemetry monitoring station at work, and I got a text from her. I had not heard from Heather since we had broken up.'

'Guess where I am'

I though maybe she was outside waiting for me and her and Jay had broken up. Nothing about my current life made that a good thing. My wife wanted me to never have any contact with Heather at all. Understandably. But, I couldn't help myself.

'Where?"

'In a hotel room with 7 guys."

"MMMM" I replied.

'Wanna cum' she texted with a winking emoji.

'Yes' I thought it was all talk. 'I would love to watch you fuck a bunch of guys.

'You can fuck me when they are done'

'MMMMM'

'Where's Jay?'

'At home. Don't ask about him.'

'OK. Do you really want me to come?'

'Yes. Do you still have Yahoo Messenger on your phone?'

'Yes' I said

'Contact me that way. Jay can't know we are talking'

'Bad girl' I texted.

'Wink'

I got to the hotel, and there were already quite a few guys there. She was in the bed, naked, and being groped by a couple of them. I didn't know any of them. They weren't guys that we had met through Jim's group. 

She introduced me, and it was as if she was waiting for me to start. She started stroking the cocks of the guys on the bed with her, turning over to suck one, she lifted her ass in the air for the others to admire. She was performing. She was taking their cocks balls deep, when she could. If she could not, she took them as deep as she could and held them there in her throat, bouncing slightly.

When one of the guys fondled her ass, she raised it up for him, giving him easier access, and moaned as he started to play with her asshole. He bent to kiss it, and lubed it up with spit, taking out his cock.

His cock was small, approximately the same size as Jim's, and when he pressed it to her puckered asshole, she didn't object.

That was new.

She pounded her ass against him while continuing to suck every cock placed in front of her. Her hands stayed busy stroking them. She was a dynamo.

They just took turns fucking her ass or her pussy, while she serviced the rest as well as she could. Every time someone was ready to cum, she wanted to take it in her mouth and swallow it. That was, apparently, still something she had learned to like.

She was fucked for a couple of hours at least. As far as I can remember, each one of them ccame at least once, and many twice or more. She swallowed most of the loads, and what she didn't was in her pussy or her ass.

In the end, she was exhausted. She just lay there and let eh final couple of guys fuck her, but she was a willing if not energetic participant.

When the last of them had cum, and they all seemed to be leaving, she thanked them without ever getting out of bed.

We were alone.

"Come here" she said.

I climbed in bed. She began to kiss me, and I could taste the volume of cum that had passed her lips that night. We kissed for a long time. Much longer than we had ever made out while we were together.

"Lick my pussy" she said, looking in my eyes.

I obediently did as she said.

Again, I could taste cum.

I licked her clit until she came. Then, she told me to fuck her.

I did as I was told. Happily. Eagerly. I missed her pussy so much. I missed her mouth and her tits. I missed watching her suck cock and get fucked. I loved watching cocks pound her beautiful pussy and her getting fucked in the ass was a new thing that excited me immeasurably.

I fucked her until I was ready to cum. I came in her pussy, and she took it eagerly.

Then we curled up together. Her head was on my shoulder for the last time.

She married Jay a week later and I have never seen her again.