  This is part of a series although each story is complete on its own. The first part in the series is Making a whore: The Interview http://www.literotica.com/s/making-a-whore-the-interview so that would be the best place to start... All other stories in the series can be read in any order. My goal in this series is to cover every category/genre

*****

Jeff, the big guy, pulled her close to him and kissed her hotly. He crushed her tits against his taut, broad chest. Viv opened her mouth and let his tongue slip into her mouth and duel with her own tongue.

Hands started to attack her from everywhere. Her legs, thighs, tits and pussy were ravaged by the hands of all the men gathered there. Someone grabbed her ass and started kneading it hard.

"How many of you are there here?" She rasped.

"Six!" they seemed to chorus together as they all started to fondle and ravage her sexy body through her underclothes.

"Wait!" Viv cried out, knowing that she had to get them organised or else this could get ugly. "I can't take all of you at once!"

One of the guys let out a low whistle as she grabbed one of the men's hands and led him to the centre of the room. 

"Here, sit down." She said, taking full control of the situation. "Jeff, you stand next to him. All you guys make a circle around me."

They followed obediently, forming a ring around her. "Now take off your clothes." Viv said softly as she adjusted her panties and garters. Her heart was pounding with excitement and she could feel her pussy wet as an otter. She licked her lips slowly as she watched the men undress.

*** ***** ***

Viv got out of the taxi in front of the imposing hotel just a little past eight in the evening. She had been told that she was going to be the 'entertainment' for a party. She was wearing a tight, short, black dress that just covered her ass. Patterned smoke coloured stockings encased her lovely legs while strappy black heels finished off the outfit. Underneath, she wore a half cup bra that barely concealed her nipples while her pussy was encased in black lace panties, seated on top of a matching black garter belt that held up her stockings. Viv always wore her panties over her stocking so that she could remove the panties while keeping the stockings on. She had always wondered if that was the proper way to wear garters. Whenever she had looked at lingerie models, they always seemed to wear their panties under their garters. She had to admit that wearing panties underneath the garters was definitely more comfortable. However, it was quite impractical. Firstly it was difficult to pee as you had to undo the garters to pull your panties down. More importantly, though, was that you couldn't fuck without removing your panties. Men seemed to love to fuck a woman wearing stockings and removing the garters to take off a pair of panties somehow spoilt the fun. So even though it was less comfortable, she wore her panties over the garters.

Viv tucked her small purse under her arm as she swung her shapely legs out of the taxi and sashayed her way to the front of the hotel. The Excelsior was one of the poshest hotels in town not to mention expensive. Dark, tinted, glass sliding doors slid quietly open to reveal a large marble floored lobby. She walked to reception counter, as had been instructed.

"I have an appointment with Frank," she said, again as had been instructed.

The pretty girl behind the counter smiled at her, "Just a moment, let me check." She keyed in something on the keyboard then looked up. "Yes," She smiled. "Here's the key, room 1532. You'll need to insert the key into the security slot before pressing floor 15."

"Thankyou." Vivienna replied, taking the key from the girl.

She turned to walk to the elevators, located at the far end of the hotel. Her heels clicked noisily on the marble floor. Three of the six elevator doors were already open and she stepped into one of them. The elevators were as opulent as the rest of the building with mirrors on all walls as well as the ceiling. The floor was covered in golden marble and the walls had dark wood trim on them. Viv pressed the button for the 15th floor.

The elevator sped upwards with a giant hum and Viv wondered what was in store for her this night. She absentmindedly adjusted the hem of her dress and smoothed it down over her tight stomach. In no time at all the elevator reached its destination and the doors slid open. Viv stepped out and looked for room 32 that was located at the far end of the corridor. She smoothened her dress again and teased her hair before pressing the doorbell. She heard footsteps before the door opened and a gentleman, around 40 opened the door.

"Hello there!" he said. "Come in, come in. I'm Frank."

Viv walked in and noticed she was in a suite. There was a lounge area with a sofa, two chairs and a coffee table. At the side was a door, presumably going into the bedroom. On the chairs and sofa were five other men, all drinking wine and beer.

"Boys, this is... um, I didn't get your name." Frank said.

"Sandra. Sandra Chaudhary." Viv replied, using her oft used 'stage name.' "But you can call me anything you want."

Loud laughter greeted her statement. "You hear that boys? We can call her anything we want!"

All six men were staring at her hungrily. Viv had been told that in a multiple situation such as this, it was always best that she played a strong role but also not too strong.

She placed her purse on the bar top and thrusting her hips out to one side she purred. "You can do anything you want to me too." As she licked her lips.

Frank smiled at her and walked up close. "Actually Sandra, we do things a little differently here. We're more interested in you having a good time. As clichéd as that may sound, its true. So have a seat."

"Can I get you a drink? I'm Jeff by the way." Said a tall big guy.

"Umm, a red wine maybe?" Viv replied," if you have any?"

"Sure thing." Jeff said and offered her a glass.

The other men introduced themselves. Tony, Steve, Peter and Stephen - "With a P and its Stephen not Steve."

Viv sat on the sofa and slowly sipped her wine, unsure of where this was going or how it was going to progress. The men made small talk with her but stayed clear of asking how old she was or what she did outside of this line of work. The wine was good and she sipped it slowly already feeling the slight effects of the alcohol.

"I love your stockings." Tony said as he looked down at her. "Why don't you spread your legs a little and let me see what else you're wearing."

Viv smiled and slowly spread her legs, allowing them a view of her panties and making the skirt ride up as well exposing the garters. Some of the men whistled appreciatively.

"Something darn sexy bout a woman in garters." Called out Steve in a Southern accent as he walked behind her. His hands slipped down the front of her dress and under her bra to cup her breasts.

"Looks like Steve has started." Frank laughed. "So tell me honey, is there anything you don't do or don't like?"

Viv sighed as Steve's fingers brushed teasingly against her nipples. "I do most things, I guess."

"Just trying to set the rules, Honey." Frank went on. "Coz as I said, we want this to be about you more than about us."

Viv sighed again as another man knelt between her legs and started kissing her thighs. She closed her eyes and said "Just do what you want with me, I'm sure I'll enjoy it."

The men laughed and Frank went on. "Do you do anal? Do you like it?"

"I've done it." Viv said softly. "It can be nice if it's done right, I suppose."

"How about DP? You know, a cock in you pussy and ass at the same time?"

Viv's body was starting to tingle and she hated this question and answer session. She pushed the guy between her legs away and then Steve's hand. Getting up she pulled her dress over her head and hung it over the chair. Turning to the men she tilted her hips and cocked her head to the bedroom.

"I'm going in. Just stop the questions and see where this goes. I'm game for almost anything and if there's something I don't want, I'll let you know!"

"Hot damn" said Frank and let out a low whistle as he held the door open to the bedroom for Viv. The other men followed in. That was when Jeff had pulled her close to him while the other men started to paw at her furiously.

*** **** *****

The six men formed a circle around her and she knelt down. She reached out and grabbed one hard cock. Moving her mouth to it and kissing the bulging head softly, she grabbed hold of the cock next to her 

While she sucked and jerked on two cocks, a pair of hands cupped her breasts from behind and teased her nipples. Another hand reached under her and rubbed her pussy through her panties. Viv moaned hotly and was took her mouth of a cock briefly. 

"Take my bra off." She moaned before putting the cock back in her mouth.

She moved around the circle, taking each cock in her mouth and giving each one a few sucks. Most of the cocks were nice and long and thick but she made a mental note that Steve, the one with the Southern drawl, had an extra large one. Extra thick and extra long.

As she finished sucking on the last cock, she got up and lay back on the bed. Viv lifted her knees up and removed her panties. She spread her legs. "alright, who's first?" she panted. "Who's gonna fuck me?"

Two guys climbed on the bed, one of either side of her and started sucking on her breasts. Another knelt between her thighs and licked from her ass right up to her clitoris. Viv moaned in pleasure.

"Told ya honey, it's not just about fucking." Frank laughed. " Most men just wanna fuck. We want to give you something to remember!"

Viv moaned again, a little louder as the tongue on her pussy licked along her vulva and then starting to suck on the bud of her clitoris. The mouths sucking and teasing her nipples were sending jolts of pleasure shooting to her pussy and she pulled her legs wider allowing more access to her pussy.

Another man bent over her and kissed her neck softly, moving up to her face and then her lips. She felt her feet being softly massaged at the same time, presumably by another two men.

The sensation of her entire body being caressed and pleasured was amazing and almost intense. She began to thrust her hips up against the tongue on her pussy feeling the need to cum.

"Oh God! Suck me harder. There. There!" She cried out. "I"m gonna cum... oh suck meee."

Her body twitched and spasmed as the tongue kept lapping at her engorged clitoris. She raised her head and gasped loudly as her body orgasmed. Coming down from the peaks of pleasure, she looked around at all the men with stiff cocks sticking out of them.

"Someone fuck me." She almost pleaded. "Someone please fuck me now."

The men suckling on her breasts didn't stop, they kept on licking and sucking her nipples while squeezing her tits. The one that was licking her pussy looked up at her and smiled, his face covered with her juices. He got up and moved away. She saw Jeff standing at the edge of the bed his cock stiff and erect.

"I always go first." He smiled. "Okay with you, sugar?"

"Oh just give me your cock." Viv moaned. 

Jeff pulled her legs closer to him and positioned her so that her ass was at the edge of the bed. Jeff placed the head of his cock at her pussy opening and slowly pressed forward. Viv's eyes opened wide and she hissed sofly as the cock slowly speared into her. The first entrance was always the best and every surface of her internal pussy walls could feel the hot meat pushing into her.

"Hot damn," Jeff said "You're a tight one, and fucking hot too."

Viv could feel the hair at the base of his cock tickling her pussy mound. She signed again as he started to move in her, slowly pulling his cock out and then slipping it back in. He fucked her slowly for a few minutes and then started to speed it up. Viv's eyes were closed. Her breasts were still being suckled and kneaded and that only added to her pleasure. Jeff started fucking her harder and faster and she could feel another orgasm building into her.

"Fuck, look at that pussy!" She heard someone say. "There's pussy cream on Jeff's cock!"

Her breath started to get ragged and her hands clasped the heads suckling her breasts. 

"Oh God, fuck me... fuck me... Oh fucckkkk!" Viv moaned loudly.

"I'm gonna cum." Jeff cried out. "Oh yeah, I'm gonna cum!"

He hammered into her and his body tensed. Viv could feel his cock tensing inside of her and then she felt it spasm, triggering her own body to spasm in response. Her stomach tensed and her thighs throbbed with pleasure as her pussy clamped on the cock trying to milk the cum from it. Finally she felt the cock softening inside her and she felt Jeff pull out. She raised her head to look at Jeff's cock and she realised that he was wearing a condom - the reason she hadn't felt his cum shooting into her.

Her pussy felt empty but not for long as she saw Frank roll on a condom and then position himself between her legs. The two men at her breasts were still playing with them, teasing her nipples and softly caressing her pillows of flesh. Viv sighed loudly again as she felt Frank's cock enter her steaming pussy.

Frank pulled her a bit lower down so that her ass was almost hanging off the edge of the bed. He sawed in and out of her pussy and the angle of his thrusts caused his cock to rub against her clitoris. She moaned loudly and her body felt like it was completely consumed by lust.

"Unnh... Unhh... Unhhh... " she moaned in time with Frank's thrusts. "Unnnh... Ohhhh... give me a cock... unhhhh... I want to... Unnnhhh... Suck... Unnnhhh... let me suck... Unnh... "

Almost instantaneously a cock was offered at her mouth. She didn't even look to see whose cock it was but opened her mouth and sucked it in. Viv slurped on the cock, with her hands, she pulled the cock to guide the owner to straddle her face. This way, she could use her mouth to suck while he fucked her face.

Two men at her breasts, one in her pussy and one in her mouth, she thought to herself. The other two must be watching. It was such an amazing feeling to have her whole body being pleasured and she sucked voraciously on the cock as she felt her pussy starting to spasm in orgasm again. She mewled around the cock in her mouth as her body trembled in pleasure. She bucked her hips upward to meet the rampaging cock fucking her pussy and just as she came down from the throes of orgasmic pleasure, she felt both cocks start to tremble and spasm inside her. She was rewarded with thick salty cum in her mouth and she greedily swallowed it. 

Frank pulled his cock out of her with a popping noise and within two seconds she was filled with another one. She kept nursing on the cock in her mouth, relishing how as the cock shrank, little bits of cum still oozed out as she softly sucked. She opened her eyes to see who she had been sucking and she thought his name was Tony, not that she could really remember. She almost laughed to herself at the funny thoughts that entered her mind even as another of the men straddled the bed and offered his cock to her.

The men seemed to play musical chairs, each taking a turn at her pussy and her mouth, while another two would either suckle on her breasts or caress her arms and stomach - always ensuring that she was at the heights of pleasure.

After 5 of the men had fucked her pussy, she was starting to feel a little sore but the pleasure was unimaginable. Her entire body was tingling and although she felt tired, she didn't want the fucking to stop.

"You doin alright girlie?" she heard the Southern Drawl. "These boys got you worked up enough to take me on?"

Viv vaguely remembered that the Southern Drawl belonged to Steve. And if she remembered clearly, Steve had the biggest cock amongst them. Looking up, she realised that the other men had moved away from her except for one who was sitting behind her on the bed. She looked behind to see that it was Frank. 

"Steve is what we call the 'Pleasure King." Frank explained. "He promises to take you to places you've never been."

There was laughter all around and Steve climbed on to the bed and lay beside Viv. He kissed her deeply, inserting his tongue into her mouth. Viv kissed him back hotly, acutely aware that her mouth had sucked and swallowed the cum of 4 other men. Steve's hand moved down to Viv's pussy and caressed the slit, sliding up to stroke the clitoris and then down again to stroke along the slit. It was a slow caress but one that started the fires burning again inside Viv.

Steve stopped kissing Viv and moved himself lower on the bed. He nodded to Frank who lifted Viv a little higher so that she was kind of lying against his chest, with her body raised about 30 degrees. Frank cupped her breasts with both hands and with a slow rotating movement, started to play with her nipples. 

Viv sighed at the double caressing and she realised that even after being fucked so many times, her body was still in pleasure mode and she was responding. She raised her thighs and pushed her ass upward to give Steve greater access for his fingers. 

She moaned loudly as Steve inserted one knobbly finger into her and explored inside her pussy. He pulled out and then inserted another finger into her. Viv could feel him crook his fingers inside of her and then apply pressure to the upper wall of her cunt. She gasped as his fingers pressed up and then pulled out, teasing the ridges of flesh on the upper wall. He then inserted his two fingers into her again and repeated the motion.

Each time his fingers teased the upper ridges of her cunt her body trembled. Soon, Steve stopped inserting his fingers deep into her but just concentrated on teasing the upper walls of her cunt. Frank meanwhile was pinching and rotating her nipples, almost in time with the administration in her cunt.

"Oh my Godd... What are you doing?" Viv moaned as her pussy started leaking juices like never before. "Ohhhhhh... shittt... Ohhhhhh... Fucckkkkkk!"

Viv felt pressure building up within her, almost like a dam filling with water and about to burst. Her entire body was beginning to tremble and she could feel her toes starting to tingle.

"Ohhh Goddd... stop,... please stop... I cant take it... It's too intense" She cried out, trying to move her hands to her pussy and stop what Steve was doing. To her surprise, she realised that both her hands were being held. She tried to clamp her thighs shut but a man on either side was keeping them splayed open. 

Frank was pinching her nipples now, almost till they hurt, but the effect was amazing. Each time he squeezed her nipples she felt a jolt shoot into her pussy. 

"Unnnnh... Ohhh... God no... stop... I'm gonna pee... Shit I feel like I need to peee!!"

"Then piss then honey." Steve drawled as his hands worked magic inside her. "Pee all you want. Dont hold back. Just relax and enjoy this."

"Unnnh... Ooohhhh... n-No... too intense... gonna pee... oh Goddddd... "

"Dont cheat yourself honey... just relax."

Viv felt Steve's fingers work harder and faster in her pussy and her body started to tremble and quiver.

"Ohh Goddd... Oh goddd... Fuckkkk... Aaaarrrghhhhh!!" She raised her head as her body shook with pleasure. She could feel her pussy clamping and squeezing on the fingers inside her cunt. Her stomach tensed and spasmed and she screamed out her pleasure.

She could feel the fingers still inside her, gently caressing her insides as her pleasure slowly abated. She had never cum so hard before in her life. Slowly Steve started working his fingers in her again, repeating what he had done earlier

As his fingers extended into her seething cunt, they probed deeply and pressed against her cervix, slowly prodding it.

"Oh Goddd... fuck me please. Give me your dick... please... I need your cock!" Viv babbled.
