 Lana dropped her keys on the counter and began leafing through the stack of mail waiting for her after work. Amongst the usual bills and junk mail, she did see one envelope that looked interesting. It had a return address of her old high school.

"What's this?" she thought dropping everything except for the letter, beginning to open it. She read: "Tenth Anniversary Reunion". 

"God. Has it been ten years already?" she asked herself. Along with the usual information, she saw the date was less than a month away. She considered it briefly, deciding. She wanted to go. Now it was just a matter of convincing Keith that it was something she really wanted to do.

Lana had dinner well under way when Keith arrived home himself. Pausing at the same spot Lana had stood in earlier, he quickly pawed through the mail. 

"Anything interesting?" 

"No, not really. But there was a letter from my old high school," she said nonchalantly.

"Oh? What did they want?"

Lana told him about the reunion coming up, as well as the date. She'd already checked her day planner and knew they had nothing planned for that weekend.

"Come on Keith. I really want to go," she told him. "I had a lot of friends, many of which I haven't seen in years now."

"Can't you go by yourself?" he asked, still trying to beg himself off.

"No! What's the point in going alone? Everyone would wonder where the hell my husband was."

"Oh...I'm sure there'll be a few other's there without their spouses." Keith stated, still trying to distance himself away from going.

"Please?"

"I'll think about it." 

They barely spoke through dinner, then sat watching TV for a few hours before it was once again time for bed. Lana had gone up a few minutes earlier to get ready while Keith finished watching the news. Eventually he followed. Lana was already in bed waiting for him when he got there. Once Keith had undressed, he pulled back the covers to slip in to bed. As he did, he noticed Lana was naked.

"Want to fool around?" she asked.

Keith grinned. "Yeah, but I still haven't decided to go. We still gonna fool around?"

#

During dinner, and then later while watching TV, Lana began to think about all the friends she had once known, wondering what many of them had been up to over the past ten years. As she did, she recalled a woman who had once been a very good friend. Lucy Akagi. As good of friends as they once had been, she and Lana had had a falling out shortly before graduation. Something she had regretted ever since. As she thought about her, she wondered if she'd maybe be there. It would be nice to see her again, perhaps giving her a chance to talk with her and make amends.

One thing Lana remembered about their relationship were the many evenings they had spent sleeping over at one another's places. They had often stayed up until the wee hours, discussing their dreams, their futures. And of course...guys. Though Lana later learned about a year after graduation that someone had told her they'd heard Lucy was bi-sexual.

Though somewhat surprised at hearing that, it did shed a little light on one or two conversations they'd had. As well as an evening that she and Lana had spent together that had left her wondering about for years.

She remembered that particular night very clearly. They'd been discussing one of their very favorite topics. Sex. Neither of them were virgins then, both having shared that experience as well as many others as they shared secrets, laughing at some of the antic's that many of the boys tried pulling on them, just to get them into bed. 

"Do you know Marcie Shaw?" Lucy had asked her.

Lana thought for a minute. The name sounded familiar, but she couldn't quite place the face. "Not personally no. I think I've heard the name, but I can't quite picture her. Why?"

"She's that fiery redheaded girl that transferred to our school about a year ago. I think I told you about her shortly after she did."

"Oh yeah, now I remember! Isn't she the one who got caught going down on another girl in the locker room after school or something?"

"Yeah. That's her!" Lucy smiled when saying. "So...what about her?"

"Well...would you believe me if I told you she came on to me?"

"You're kidding! When?" 

Lana couldn't quite imagine it. If it was the same girl she remembered, she could believe that. But she couldn't see Lucy and her together. Lucy didn't seem the 'type' for one thing. And for another...she and Lucy had been friends for a long time. Lucy had certainly never said or done anything to even remotely suggest she was interested in other women. She did recall as she thought that, that Lucy had mentioned on occasion something about this or that girls boobs, or the way they looked naked. But hell...they all had done that at one time or another.

"Yesterday," Lucy continued. "She came up to me while I was in gym class cleaning some things out of my locker."

"What did she say?" Lana said, sitting up in the doublewide bed they were sharing together, obviously interested.

"Well, it wasn't so much what she said. But the way she said it."

"Damn it Lucy...quit teasing me. Tell me what she said or I'm going to hit you over the head with my pillow!" Lana made a threatening gesture to do just that. When she did, Lucy reached out and pinched her on the breast. Though each was dressed for bed, they were both wearing fairly sheer, transparent nightgowns that left very little to the imagination. As such, it was easy for Lucy to have pinpointed exactly where one of Lana's nipples was when she pinched it.

"Ouch!" Lana screamed playfully pulling away. "I'm going to get you for that!"

Lucy tried to get out of bed, squealing in mocked fear. Grabbing her by the ankle, Lana managed to keep her from doing so, though Lucy continued to pull, dragging Lana off with her. In a heap, they both landed on the floor together, though Lucy quickly spun herself around, sitting on top of Lana.

"Who's got who?" Lucy challenged. 

Pressing both of Lana's hands to the floor above her head, Lucy bent forward. "So Lana. Have you ever kissed a girl before? Come on...tell me. I know you have," she said teasingly.

She leaned closer like she was thinking about doing just that.

"You wouldn't dare!" Lana said struggling. Though truth was, she could have easily shaken Lucy off if she'd really wanted to. 

Lucy continued leaning over, then stopped when it became evident that Lana had no intention of giving in, nor...in being threatened in this fashion either. Switching tactics, Lucy released one of Lana's hands, reaching down, cupping Lana's breast in her hand. As she did, she quickly located and recaptured her nipple.

"Give up or I twist it off!" she threatened.

"Ok, Ok. I give." Lana said expecting her to let up. To her surprise, and shock, Lucy gave it an affectionate little twist anyway, immediately causing her nipple to become erect.

"Padiddle" Lucy teased her.

"Am not!" Lana shot back. 

"Yes you are. Look. One's hard, and one isn't," she said continuing to tease her. "You're Padiddle." 

The boys used the slang term for whenever a car had one of its headlights out. One off...one on. Padiddle. It didn't take long for them to start using the term whenever they saw a girl with one hard nipple showing beneath her sweater or bra.

Eventually, Lucy had let Lana up off the floor where they soon after returned to bed. Much later that night while sleeping, Lana dreamed. Or thought she was dreaming anyway. Awakening to a very moist very wet pussy. "Had she imagined, dreamed, Lucy playing with her?" she wondered. Lana had opened her eyes, half sitting up. As she did, she thought she had felt Lucy turn, rolling over. But she simply wasn't sure. Reaching down, she felt herself. Her panties were damp, very damp. Had it been a dream? Or hadn't it? She never found out one way or the other. Less than a week later, she and Lucy had gotten into a major altercation. Surprisingly enough, it had been over Marcie and she going to the movies together. Why that had bothered her as much as it had, she didn't know. But...it was enough that they ended up not speaking to one another. Something that continued on through graduation. Lucy went off someplace to attend college, and sadly, Lana never saw or spoke to her again.

#

It was when Lana was laying there in bed waiting for Keith to come up, that she remembered. Lucy was Asian. Keith...had a thing for Asian women.

"Yeah...we're still going to fool around," she answered him. "By the way, did I ever tell you about my best friend Lucy in high school? She's Asian." 

Lana almost laughed when she saw the sudden, interested look etched in his face.

"No. Don't think you ever have," he told her, feigning interest, but obviously so.

Keith climbed into bed next to her, his erection suddenly harder than it was a moment ago. Lana reached over and began gently playing with it. Now that she had his undivided attention, she decided to use the fact that her friend had been an Asian, telling him all about her while playing with him. That...and telling Keith all about that weird last final night they had spent together. Not too surprisingly, Keith lay there listening to her without interrupting, except to ask an occasional question or two. Beyond that, he was content to have his prick stroked and played with, all the while listening to Lana telling him about this cute little Asian friend of hers.

"So anyway...as it later turns out, I guess she really was bi. Someone told me a year later they had spoken with her. And, that she had mentioned to them that one of the reasons she'd quit being my friend was because she was starting to have feelings for me."

"What sort of feelings?" Keith huskily questioned. 

Lana smiled inwardly. Jacking him off as she had been had certainly had its effect. But so had her telling him about Lucy.

"You know...sexy, sensual feelings. I think that she was just then discovering that maybe she did have a thing towards women. And not necessarily just because of Marcie. Though I think it was Marcie that made her realize that. The truth is, I think she was starting to wonder about it a lot sooner than that. I also know that I was pretty sure she sometimes masturbated there in bed next to me. Though she never did try anything. The closest she ever came was that last night we spent together."

"Did you ever masturbate in bed with her too?" Keith asked becoming more and more aroused.

"Once yes. But I think Lucy was already asleep when I did. I remember wondering at the time if she had been. And the thought of that made me horny. So later...I did."

"Why didn't you do it when she was?" Keith pressed.

Lana did laugh this time. "Because Keith, I wasn't sure she had. Not really, and...I hadn't considered the possibility of ever doing anything with another girl before then either."

"You mean you actually have thought about it?" he asked.

Lana watched her husband as his face screwed up with intense pleasure at her manipulations along with all this sexy erotic talk.

"Sure...a few times. Admittedly, I have wondered, been curious about it. But I've never actually considered doing anything because I can't think of anyone I really would be comfortable doing something like that with."

"Not even Lucy?" Keith asked now closer to orgasm.

Sensing that, Lana backed off slightly; she wanted to time this just right if she was going to convince Keith to go along with her to the reunion.

"Lucy would be the one person I actually might consider it with. But...like I said, it's been years since I've seen her. And...we hadn't parted as the best of friends. Still, it would be nice seeing her again. And perhaps if I did, we could make up."

"Yeah...maybe we could invite her over to dinner one evening or something." Keith suggested excitedly.

"So, does that mean you'll go to the reunion with me?" she asked him, simultaneously increasing the up and down action on his prick. Just as Keith felt his orgasm's arrival, he answered her.

"Yes! Oh fuck yes!" he said excitedly as Lana bent over taking the rest of his climax happily inside her mouth.

#

Lana was a little nervous. The day of the high school reunion had finally arrived. She'd spent days worrying over an outfit to wear. She didn't want to wear anything "too" sexy, she'd thought. But she didn't want to wear anything that wouldn't at least attract attention. Especially Lucy's if by chance she was even there.

"Ready?" Keith called out to her.

Lana had to laugh to herself. He seemed even more anxious that she was. "I'll be out in a minute!"

Lana checked herself one last time in the mirror. She'd chosen a rather slinky looking black dress that though floor-length, was cut high up on the thigh. Lana always had had fairly large breasts. The dress she'd chosen was cut just low enough to show them off without being too revealing.

"Perfect," she thought, remembering as she did how often Lucy had chosen to wear black herself. She'd constantly been trying to convince Lana to wear black, like she did. She was surprised that she found herself as aroused as she thought about it. The prospect of merely seeing Lucy again was a hopeful one. But to find herself actually becoming aroused over that was something else entirely. 

"God...wouldn't it be funny if she really did come over for dinner one evening. What would I do?" she had to wonder.

Lana soon emerged from the bedroom looking spectacular.

"Wow. You're gorgeous!" Keith said when he saw her.

"Why thank you." Lana said purposely batting her eyes at him. "And I must say, you're looking rather handsome yourself!"

Keith really did clean up nice. So used to seeing him in work clothes every day, it wasn't often that she saw him wearing a white dinner jacket, black tie. 

"Maybe I should have gone by myself after all," she teased. "As good looking as you are, some of those single spouses you mentioned might try and steal you away!"

Keith beamed proudly. "Well, not when they see who I've got on my arm!" he responded.

They arrived forty minutes later at the hotel where the reunion was being held. Though not early, they weren't fashionably, or unfashionably late either. By the number of cars in the parking lot, Lana knew that a great many of her classmates had shown up. She couldn't help but wonder if Lucy would be among them.

As they approached the desk where they were to check in and pick up their nametags, Lana quickly searched around, not only for theirs, but for Lucy's too. She felt a pang of sudden disappointment when she realized Lucy's name wasn't amongst those on the table. Keith, sensing what she was looking for smiled, speaking to her.

"Maybe she's already here."

Lana grinned. "Maybe she is," she said smiling, helping Keith with his nametag as she placed it on his breast above the pocket.

"Here. I'll help you with yours," he offered.

Lana brushed his hand away however. "No thanks. I know where it is you'd like to put it!" she said suddenly feeling a lot better.

"You're at table number twenty-one," their hostess indicated. Lana knew her of course; she just wasn't one of the friends she had usually hung around with.

"Thank you."

Taking Keith by the arm, Lana led him inside the banquet area where they'd be having dinner. As their table was on the other side of the room, they began to cross the dance floor in order to get there.

"Lana? Is that you?"

Lana looked up expectantly. It hadn't been Lucy's voice she'd heard. But it was someone familiar.

"Christy!" Lana said walking towards her. "God! It's nice to see you again." 

Christy had been a friend amongst friends. Though never as close to her as she'd been with a few others, especially Lucy, it was nice at least to see a familiar face.

"And who's this?" Christy asked looking at Keith.

"My husband," Lana said smiling. As she turned towards him to introduce him to Christy, she looked past her and nearly forgot what she was about to say. Across the room near the area they'd been heading towards stood Lucy. And...she was looking at her. She was dressed in a bright red, very revealing dress.

"Hmm, maybe she really has changed," Lana mused. "Maybe more, than will allow us to ever be friends again," she considered. Interestingly though, Lucy had locked eyes with her, and had not turned away. Lana smiled. The semi-cold look Lucy had been giving her seemed to melt away. Then Lucy smiled.

"Excuse me. I'll be right back."

Leaving Keith in the company of her friend, with whom she had no idea if she was here with someone or not, she headed towards Lucy feeling a bit giddy, as well as extremely nervous. As she approached, she wasn't even sure what she was going to say to her.

Lucy spoke first. "Well Lana, how the hell've you been anyway? It's been a while."

"Yes it has, hasn't it? Too long I think." 

Lucy gave her a curious look. "Married?"

"Yes. That's my husband, Keith, standing over there talking to Christy. And you?"

For a moment, Lana wondered if that had been the best choice of words.

"For a while. Not any longer though. I'm out on my own again," she completed without any further explanation. 

Finding themselves standing there all alone, Lana decided if she was going to say anything to her, that now was probably the best time.

"Lucy? I've really missed you," she said. It wasn't exactly an apology. But she didn't really feel like she owed her one either. It had been Lucy that had ended their friendship, not she.

Lucy surprised her when she pulled Lana towards her, giving her a very warm kiss, hugging her closely as she did. Though Lucy had much smaller breasts than she did, she could feel the hard points of her nipples actually pressing against her own.

"Oh Lana! I have missed you so much too. I can't believe that we, that I..." she corrected, "...could have let you go as a friend. There's so much I want to tell you about, about myself, who I really am now..."

Lucy left off, realizing that she was running off at the mouth to some extent. 

"But...lets save that for later, another time. Where are you sitting anyway?"

Lana told her what table they'd been assigned, then stifled a laugh as Lucy immediately walked over to her table, lifted the card with her name which had been her seating arrangement, exchanging it with one on Lana and Keith's table.

"There! Now we can sit together during dinner!"

As the night wore on, Lana and Lucy caught up on as much as they were able to. Keith continued to ogle Lucy every chance he got without being too obvious about it. When the dancing began, Keith was pleasantly surprised at Lana's suggestion that he and Lucy go out onto the floor for a dance together. She sat there watching her husband 'slow-dancing' with Lucy, wondering if he was sporting an erection, fairly sure that he probably was. Even after their return, she glanced down at his crotch and noticed a considerably larger bulge as he held out Lucy's seat in order for her to sit down.

"Enjoy yourself?" she whispered to him.

Keith didn't answer her directly, just grinning.

"You know, I'd really enjoy getting to know your husband a lot better," Lucy stated. "Not to mention having the opportunity to catch up and tell you a few things about myself that might surprise you."

"How about dinner one evening?" Keith interjected glancing over towards Lana looking for approval.

"Yes Lucy, how about dinner? Next weekend perhaps?" Lana asked, throwing Keith a knowing look.

#

Lana was even more aroused, excitedly so as she and Keith awaited Lucy's arrival. Opening the door to invite her in, she was stunned at the very enticing outfit she had worn. She'd told her to dress comfortably, casual, as they'd have a simple dinner with drinks and spend the evening getting better acquainted. Lucy had worn a tight fitting tank top that molded her breasts perfectly beneath it. It was obvious that she wasn't wearing a bra, but then she didn't really need to.
