 (Note: this story follows on from “Making Fantasies Reality, parts 1 and 2”, in which my girlfriend Tricia and I discussed our sexual fantasies and started to act them out. Hers involved sex with another woman, and mine were about watching other people have sex, and group sex. Making two fantasies happen at the same time, I watched as Tricia and her friend Claire got a little closer, before joining them in our first threesome. Tricia and I then acted out an exhibitionist fantasy of having sex in a public place, watching another couple and being watched.)

Chapter 8

It had been bugging me for a couple of weeks now. Watching Tricia and Claire in bed had been amazing, seeing my girlfriends face as she reached her orgasm and feeling how wet it made her was an extraordinary experience. When we made love I almost wanted to step back to be able to watch her whole body move, tremble, react. My fantasies were turning towards a desire to see her fuck another man.

I wasn’t sure how I should talk to Tricia about this. I mean, she was pretty open with her sexuality and desires, and when I’d plucked up the courage to talk to her about Claire she’d been delighted, grasping the opportunity with both hands, but she’d never expressed any thoughts of doing it with another man, and I was still the only man she’d ever slept with. What would she think of me if I suggested it? And even then, how would we organise it? As ever, though, I managed to find a way of bringing it into the open, and as ever, I had to thank alcohol for loosening my tongue.

A couple of weeks after the Valentines Ball, I was back up in Birmingham again. This time I’d managed to leave work early on Friday night, and arrived at Tricia’s at about seven o’clock, to find her getting ready to go out. I quickly changed into my jeans and a t-shirt, and we were in a smart city centre bar well before eight. We met a few of her friends, and the wine flowed with the conversation, which we could all just about make out above the laid back house music favoured by the crowd. I was already fairly drunk by the time we moved off to a late opening club.

So was Tricia. She staggered slightly as we walked towards the bar, and in a sudden moment of clarity I thought that perhaps we should dance some of the wine off rather than drink more. I pulled her towards the dancefloor, busy but not yet packed. “Aren’t you going to buy me a drink then?” she pouted, but I shook my head, and we soon got into the beat. It was a kind of old fashioned disco sound, funky, a bit jazzy, and even though I’m not really into dancing I found I was capable of not making too much of a fool of myself. Although maybe the drink had just made me overconfident! Soon we were hot, sweating slightly, and having been joined by a couple of Tricia’s mates, I felt happy to leave her whilst I went to get a couple of bottles of water.

The queue at the bar was pretty long, and it was probably about ten minutes later that I made my way back towards the dancers. Approaching the floor, I saw Tricia dancing closely with her flatmate, Andy, and another couple whose names I couldn’t remember. I stopped, observing her, again enjoying the feeling of stepping back to see something I had been involved in a few minutes ago. Tricia was wearing a long skirt and a white vest top, which had a bright pink star on each breast. Never one to miss a chance to stare at her tits, I became aware that the stars were specifically designed to make people do just that, something that just hadn’t crossed my mind before. I grinned to myself – she enjoyed being looked at as much as I enjoyed looking!

I was finding it curiously erotic to watch her like this. Tricia raised her arms as the euphoria of the music took over, and I glanced at Andy’s face, watching where his eyes went. If I were in position I’d have done exactly the same – he couldn’t help but stare at her gorgeous tits, and then raise his eyes to her neck, stretched out as she threw her head back, rocking back and forwards with the beat. I almost willed him to reach out for her, to touch her, but somehow he didn’t, and as the elation of the chorus ended so too did his look of lust, and they were back to being just mates again. I wandered onto the dancefloor, and smilingly handed out water bottles.

We stayed until the club shut, at two, and managed to find a taxi quickly. Andy sat in the front giving the driver directions, and Tricia leant against me, tired more than drunk now. It wasn’t a long trip back. Andy smiled gratefully to me as I paid the driver, and we headed indoors, Andy straight upstairs to bed, Tricia and me to the kitchen to make tea. “You alright?” I asked, and she nodded in reply.

“Yeah, tired though. Good fun tonight I reckon. Did you enjoy it too?”

“Yeah, it was cool,” I said. “Haven’t been clubbing for ages. I love your new top, too!”

She smiled. “Thought you would! Found it in a market last week, and I just had to have it.”

“Yeah, and there were plenty of other people who liked it too,” I smiled, willing her to ask more. She didn’t disappoint me.

“Oh? Like who?” she said, opening her eyes wide, innocently.

“Well your flatmate for one,” I said. “He could hardly keep his eyes off you once you started dancing.”

“No,” she said, acting shocked. “Andy? As if!” Ha! – she knew damn well she was teasing him, and she was enjoying it too. “I hope you don’t mind too much?”

Of course I didn’t mind. I told her that it turned me on to see how much she turned other people on, and that I’d love to see it more. I’d really got into the thought of other people seeing us fucking, seeing her body, and she seemed to enjoy showing off too. And then it came out. “I was watching you on the dancefloor, and I wanted Andy to touch you, I wanted to see him stroke your tits, and then maybe you to kiss him, rub him back, it was just such a cool scene.”

I stopped, aware that I might have gone too far. Tricia, too, seemed unsure. “Well I like teasing, and I like showing off my body, but I don’t know if I’d like to do that. I don’t want another man, I’m more than happy with the one I’ve got!”

I smiled. “I know, I know, its my mind going into overdrive again. You just turn me on so much, I sometimes lose myself when we’re in bed, and I love the thought of being able to watch you with someone, so I can see what you’re feeling without being so closely tied up in it. It was amazing to see you with Claire, I noticed things that I hadn’t seen before about you, and I got to fantasising about watching you with another bloke, putting him in my place, like an out of this body experience.”

She was quiet for a moment, thinking. “But would you really like that,” she said, “really, not just in a fantasy?”

I thought for a moment too. “Yeah, I think I would. I don’t think me fucking Claire screwed us up at all, and I don’t think you fucking another man would either. I think it’d be another amazing experience, and I’m all for trying these things.”

She looked at me. “Okay, I’m in. But tonight I want you, just you. Come on, take me to bed.” I reached out my hand for her, tea forgotten now, and led her upstairs. She kicked off her shoes, and lit a single candle on the bedside table, and I turned the main light off. In the flickering yellow light she looked fantastic, totally desirable. I reached for her, held her tight to me and kissed her hard. Reaching to her hips, I pulled her top up and over her head, and held her at arms length to admire her body. God I wanted her so much! Quickly now I undid her bra, and threw it on the floor to join her top. Kneeling in front of her I ran my hands up her belly and soft, smooth tits, nipples rising to meet my touch, before tracing down her sides to the zip on her skirt. She stepped out of it smoothly, and I was given another pleasant surprise when I saw she didn’t have any knickers on. I looked up, smiling, and she smiled back, stroking my hair. “Ever since that night at the ball I’ve loved the thought of going out with no underwear,” she said. “Makes me feel so naughty and turned on.”

I breathed in the scent of her, and parted her legs slightly with one hand. “I want you to be turned on,” I whispered, “I love the thought of you being out like that. God, if I’d have known I’d have been trying to fuck you in the bar, in the club, in the taxi!”

“Just fuck me now,” she said, and pulled me upright. “You’ve got too many clothes on though.” She sat back on the bed, and I wasted no time in becoming as naked as she was, lying down next to her and kissing deeply again. I reached between her legs and felt just how turned on she was, her slit juicy and wet, the fine hairs surrounding it coated in her arousal. I slid my body on top of hers, and felt her legs wrapping their way around mine, drawing my hard cock towards her cunt. I grasped it firmly, rubbing the tip around her clitoris, and slid into her warmth. We both sighed at the same time, both finally getting what we wanted, and moved easily into a slow rhythmic thrust and counter thrust. It was the fuck of two people who’d got used to each others bodies, a gradual build up to a crashing crescendo, sensual movements giving way to frantic bucking, the moment before the orgasm as important as the orgasm itself. We parted, shaking and panting, in love.

Chapter 9

We were both a little the worse for wear the following morning. I got up to go to the toilet, but needed to lie down again quite quickly afterwards, and half an hour or so later Tricia did much the same. It wasn’t until about half past ten that we felt okay enough to venture downstairs to make tea and toast. Trish threw on an old t-shirt, and I’d bought a pair of shorts and a t-shirt just for such an event, and we gingerly made our way to the kitchen.

“Hey,” I started as the kettle began to steam, “are you okay with what we were talking about last night? I mean, we’d both had a lot to drink, if you’re not comfortable…” I tailed off, and turned to pour the water into some mugs.

“No,” she replied, “Its cool. I guess it would be a bit weird, but in a good way. I hope Andy gets up soon, I want him to see me dressed like this!”

I hadn’t given a thought to what she was wearing, but now I looked in more detail. Her t-shirt clung to her bra-less tits, her nipples clearly visible through it. And it was short. Short when she was standing, even shorter when she sat down, as she was doing now, at the kitchen table. My hangover lifted a little more as my brain kicked into gear again. “So do you always walk around the house dressed like this?” I asked, handing her a tea and running my hand over her bare leg.

“No,” she said, “but I quite often don’t wear a bra, and sometimes I’m a bit careless with my towel when I come out of the shower!”

I laughed. “Poor Andy, you are mean! I hope you’re going to be nice to him from now on!”

The toast was done, and I was feeling so much better. We had another cup of tea, and were starting to discuss plans for the rest of the day when we heard a noise on the stairs, and Andy stumbled into the kitchen. “Morning,” he said quietly. “I think I must have had too much to drink last night, feel a bit tender this morning.”

“There’s tea in the pot,” Tricia said, “that’ll wake you up a bit, it did me.”

I followed Andy eyes as he looked over to her. He was a picture, not sure whether to be shocked or amused, scared or delighted. Trish swung her legs round in her chair to face him, and I saw his eyes travel downwards towards her legs, not sure whether he’d be able to see her fine triangle of pubic hair but aware that he could see everything else. Tricia kept up her innocent face. “And I can recommend toast and butter too!”

“Er, yeah, tea, great,” Andy stumbled, turning away and grabbing a cup. Tricia got up and walked over to the fridge, bending slightly as she opened the door. Andy’s eyes were again on her as she picked up a pint of milk and handed it to him. “Cheers, Trish,” he managed to say.

“Joe and I were just talking,” she continued, sitting down again. “And we thought we might stay in tonight, play cards and have a pizza or chinese or something. We wondered if you’d fancy that too, if you’re not up to anything else?”

I had to admit she was good. What else was he going to say? “Er, yeah, great, great. I hadn’t got anything else planned, gonna go up to the library to get some work done in a bit, but I’ll be back about five this afternoon. What sort of time were you thinking?”

I was feeling left out of the conversation. “Yeah, that sounds pretty good,” I butted in. “We were going to have a look round town this afternoon, and then get back here with a couple of bottles of wine. Sounds like a plan is coming together!”

“Excellent!” said Tricia, standing up again. “I’d better go and get dressed and leave you to your breakfast. See ya later.”

I followed her upstairs, and she fell onto the bed, laughing wildly. “I think we may have got him!” she smiled. “Did you see his face when I spread my legs out in front of him?”

“Ooh, you hussy!” I smiled. “I couldn’t see your legs, but I thought you’d given him quite a view. What were you thinking when you did it?”

“I was thinking that it was cool to turn on two boys at the same time,” she said. “And it got me all worked up, and I think you’re going to have to do something about it, right now!” She lifted her t-shirt up slightly, exposing her nakedness, beckoning me forward. I bent my head between her spread thighs, and licked her mound, hearing her groan of pleasure as my teasing tongue probed around her clitoris, finally sucking on it, one finger finding its way to her wet hole and slipping in up to the first knuckle. “Oh, keep sucking me, keep sucking,” she moaned, and I knew she was already so close to coming. I wriggled my finger into her a little more, and tried to hold on with my lips and tongue as she started bucking and thrusting, finally unable to as she cried out in pleasure. “Oh, fuck, that was so good, I came so quick, so quick!” she gasped, as I moved up to hold her to my chest, stroking her head as she calmed down.

God I loved her being turned on! I couldn’t wait for the evening!

Chapter 10

We got dressed, and caught the bus into the city centre. Tricia wanted to buy some clothes, she said, and I wanted to have a look around a couple of record shops. It was going to be a cool, chilled out afternoon.

We returned home at around half four. I’d bought a couple of new CD’s, and put one on the stereo as Tricia shrugged off her clothes and nipped into the bathroom for a shower. She wasn’t gone long, and I swapped places with her as she towelled herself dry, washing away the last remnants of the previous nights drinking with the hot water. I came back into her bedroom to see her standing naked, looking into her wardrobe and deciding what to wear for the night.

“What do you think, Joe,” she asked, “short skirt or long skirt?” I looked at the two options she’d picked out, a long, loose, flowery summer skirt, or a tighter, dark short skirt. She’d look great in either, I thought, and hedging my bets asked what she was going to wear with it. She’d bought a white shirt earlier, which lay on the bed, and she held it up in front of her, giving a little pout as she modelled it.

“Okay, I think the short one goes better with the shirt,” I finally decided.

She grinned. “That’s because you want to see me flashing my lack of underwear at you and Andy tonight!”

I had to admit that the thought had crossed my mind, but I teased her a little, acting shocked by the idea. “What? You’re not going to wear any underwear? God, you are such a tart!”

“Ooh, I hope you don’t mind too much,” she played along. “I’ll make it up to you, promise.” She walked over to me, and draped her arms around my neck. My cock was already hard under my towel, which I pulled off as I bent to kiss her. Our naked bodies moved together as we held the kiss, and slowly eased down onto the bed, still embracing. Tricia broke the kiss, and wriggled free from my arms, sliding her body down the bed and positioning her head close to my penis. She grasped it in her hand, and stroked it gently up and down. “You’re gonna fuck me so good later,” she said, talking to my cock as much as me, “but you’re gonna have to save it for later because I’m going to have fun teasing you tonight!”

I pushed her head down, willing her to suck me, but she stood up, grinned at me, grabbed her shirt and pulled it on. No bra – nice! “Come on, get dressed, Andy’ll be back in a bit and you’ve got to go and buy enough wine to get us all slightly drunk.” I shrugged, knowing when I was beaten, and pulled on my boxer shorts, jeans and a t-shirt. She pulled the short skirt on, and I grabbed her arse as I walked out the door, giving her a squeeze that said she owed me now. She blew me a kiss as I walked downstairs, and pulled the hem of the skirt up just enough to show me what my reward was going to be.

I arrived back at the house with four bottles of wine at the same time as Andy was walking up the road from the opposite direction. He grinned as he saw me. “Ah, hey, man, I was gonna buy some beers, you didn’t have to.”

“Nah, that’s cool,” I replied. “But you can help with the pizza later!” He unlocked the door to let us in, and followed me into the kitchen, where Tricia was sitting at the table, shuffling a pack of cards. She flashed a brilliant smile at us.

“Hey, my two favourite boys, back at the same time! Can’t be bad!”

I glanced over at Andy, who was admiring Tricia’s hard nipples, pressed against the thin material of her shirt. He smiled back at her, and I decided to run upstairs for a couple of minutes with the excuse of going to the toilet to let her extend her teasing whilst hopefully putting him at his ease. My ploy must have worked – when I came back down they were both laughing and Andy was opening one of the bottles. Tricia winked at me when she was sure he wasn’t looking.

I hadn’t spent too much time with Andy before, just enough to realise he seemed like a decent housemate for my girlfriend. But as we got stuck into the wine I studied him in a bit more depth. He was, Tricia had told me, twenty years old, a little taller than me and slightly gangly, almost too tall for his body weight. He had a handsome face, blue eyes that sparkled when he smiled, which he did all the time, topped with a mop of blond hair. And he was fun too, he seemed to have a dry sense of humour, sarcastic almost, and wasn’t afraid to laugh at himself sometimes too. The time passed quickly – all of a sudden we were halfway down the second bottle.

Tricia was trying to explain a card game to us, and must have decided to up the stakes when it became obvious that neither Andy or I were understanding the instructions. “Right,” she said sternly, “we’re clearly going to have to play strip – that might make you concentrate a bit more!”

I glanced at Andy. How was he reacting? Would he back out? He was smiling, though. “Oh god!” he said, “I’ve always been rubbish at cards, I think you’re just trying to take advantage of me!” 

He glanced over at me. If I’d have been in his position I’d have been a bit unsure of myself, unsure of whether she was teasing or whether the boyfriend was okay with it. I tried to put him at ease. “Reckon she might be trying to take advantage of you,” I said. “But its alright, I won’t get jealous.”

Andy shrugged his shoulders. “Well I guess I don’t mind being taken advantage of by you,” he said to Tricia, “although I reckon I’ve nearly got the hang of this now, so you’d better watch out!”

He didn’t have the hang of it in the next round though, and Tricia laughed in delight as I lay my last card down to finish him off – she, of course, had won a couple of minutes before. “Off, off, off!” she started to chant, and Andy, feigning reluctance, stood up and peeled his t-shirt off. 
