 DOING THEIR BEST TO MAKE HEATHER HAPPY 

Heaving a sigh, Brad looked across his desk at his pretty assistant. "So, you're saying you want a change, and you really want to leave?" 

Heather nodded and sat forward in her chair. "It's not that I don't like working with you Brad, I really do. You've got to be the best boss ever. But..." Biting into her lip, she stared down at her hands. She just couldn't look him in the eye, too uncomfortable to finish what she had to say, it was just too embarrassing to share. 

Looking at her sitting across the desk from him, struggle to decide what to say, Brad always thought she was a stunner: pretty, blonde, petite and with an amazing nice ripe ass, and the most stellar pair of tits he'd ever seen. Nice and big and perky. And if it weren't for company policy about no hooking up of any kind in the work place, Brad knew he would have hit on her by now. Every time she bent over, his cock would twitch hard in his pants, just itching to get at her. Under different circumstances, he'd have loved to have gotten it on with her. But then again, now that she was determined to leave... 

Finally he cleared his throat. "Whatever it is, Heather, just go ahead and say it. I won't be offended, I promise." 

Swallowing hard, already feeling her cheeks beginning to burn, she told him, "It's just that we work so many hours on these projects, sometimes it's like we work almost non-stop day and night; which barely leaves me any time for a love life. And to be honest, I'm starting to feel deprived, even desperate. I'm actually considering going online and hooking up with the first willing able-bodied man I can find, that's how hard up I'm feeling." 

Handsome Brad ran a hand through his thick dark hair, not even sure he'd heard her right. But just to be sure, he leaned closer and whispered, "Are you trying to tell me that you want to get laid?" 

She nodded, letting out a sigh. "Oh, yes. So badly, it's unreal. But I just don't have time for any kind of sex life with this job, and I'm going crazy enough to start climbing the walls. So, I don't see how I have any choice but to leave, as much as I like working for you." 

He blinked shocked to discover that someone as hot as she was wasn't getting any. His shirt suddenly feeling too tight for his body, Brad reached under his tie and undid the top button, and loosened his tie while he was at it. He knew one thing for sure, the way every guy in the place was lusting after her, if she wanted to get fucked it wouldn't be hard to do, it would be like trying to find ice in the Arctic. The possibilities for hookups were endless. He could probably name thirty or forty guys off the top of his head who would be thrilled to get a piece of her. 

Of course he knew Phil in IT had been desperate to get at her since the day she started working for the company. And even Mickey the VP of finance had told him after a few drinks at the Christmas party, when she'd looked particularly hot in a short red, shiny low cut dress, how much he'd love to bend her over and sink his cock into her. And then there was Danny, head of maintenance who'd whispered to him one day in the coffee shop that if she worked for him that he'd have fucked her senseless by now. 

And there were just so many others, he could barely remember them all. And of course there was him, who'd only ever dreamed of getting into her pants. Brad knew he'd love nothing more than to get her up on his desk, eat out her pussy and fuck her till she screamed - but he still had to be sure. 

Just in case this was some kind of trick, he asked, "So... you're saying if you were to be able to meets these uh... needs of yours here at the office, you'd be willing to stay?" Truth was, she was an amazing assistant, best he'd ever had. And somehow had the ability to know just what he needed without him even having to ask, and she could almost finish his sentences for him. She knew him so well that he hated the thought of losing her. 

Heather quickly nodded her head. "Not many people know that I have a really high sex drive, insanely high actually. And now I just can't take it anymore and need to get my itch scratched before I lose my ever lovin' mind." 

Brad nodded his head. He knew just what to scratch it with, too. "So... you ever think that I might be able to help you scratch that itch for you?" 

Heather chest heaved with relief when she realized she'd finally gotten through to him. "Of course, Brad. I've imagined the two of us getting it on together so many times, it's unreal." She leaned close and confided, "And my pussy's getting wet just thinking about what it would be like with you." He was a really good looking guy, with a great body, that she knew would look even better out of his clothes. 

And his cock was twitching pretty hard right now, too, imaging how good it would feel to get her up on his desk, spread those shapely legs and sink his cock into her wet little hole and give her the fuck of her life, like she was begging for. 

Aroused beyond belief, deciding they'd talked long enough about what she needed Brad got up and locked his office door. Then he stood looking down at her, and told her, "Well, I'm game if you are." 

Heather clapped her hands together and smiled up at him. "Oh, I was really hoping I could stay in this job. I love working for you, Brad, but a girl's got needs that just have to be filled sometimes, you know?" 

He knew only too well about needs, especially with the way his cock was aching in his pants with the need to get at her. And then she was reaching for his belt and unzipping his fly, before he could wrap his mind around the fact that it was actually going to happen. Without uttering a word, his faithful assistant had her hand wrapped around his erect cock, jerking him up and down in her soft little hand, licking him up and down, and amazingly getting him even harder. 

Finally, after all this time together, getting to hold all that long hard man meat in her hot little hand had Heather licking her lips, desperate for a taste. "Oh, gosh, you're a big one aren't you? For some reason, I just knew you would be. And this is just what I need." Maybe even more that what she needed, but she'd just take as much as she could. 

Dropping to her knees she licked at him like a delectable treat, from root to tip. Impatiently pushing his pants down his legs, she grabbed hold of him and began to suck his long hard length deep into her mouth. 

Floored that his lovely assistant was actually giving him a blow job, Brad stared down at her as his balls began to tighten with how hard she was working his cock. Fuck, in all the time they'd worked together, he'd never dreamed of seeing her like this, down on her knees, with his cock buried deep her mouth. Rolling his eyes skyward as the incredible sensation of having his dick sucked, and sucked hard, worked his way through his body, he clutched her head and shifted his hips and began to slowly fuck her pretty mouth. Holy shit, who knew the girl wasn't just good at keeping up in the office but was also a pro at giving head? 

The way she was gently grazing him with her teeth as she cupped his balls, and rolled them between her fingers almost had him shooting down her throat. But as good as it felt, what he wanted more than anything, was to finally to see her out of yet another of the conservative little dark suits she wore every day to the office. And he was just as desperate to have a look at those nice big melons and that pussy she'd told him was almost dripping. 

So, before she'd gone so far that he wouldn't be able to pull out without losing his load, Brad put his hands under her arms and with an audible pop she let go of him as he helped her to her feet. Seeing her looking confused, he told her point-blank, "Get your ass up on the desk." 

Shocked at the change in him, since he was normally so polite, Heather didn't hesitate, thrilled at hearing him order her around for the first time ever. And once she was seated just where he wanted her, Brad was quick to unbutton her little silky white blouse. And the moment he pulled it open he groaned at what he found inside. Fuck, her tits were truly amazing. Big and round with nice-sized rosy red nipples that he could see were already poking to be freed from her lacy white bra. And once he'd unfastened her bra and slid it off her shoulders along with her blouse, he moaned even louder as he cupped those big beauties in his hands and then lowered his head and went in for a good long suck. 

Heather squealed with delight as Brad opened his mouth wide and began to suckle her tingling nipples, drawing them one after the other, deep into the heat of his mouth. Teasing them with his teeth and tongue, he really had her squirming. In fact, he was getting her so hot, she was almost squirming right off his damn desk. She'd never been happier to have Brad for her boss than right now. Ooh, lordy did it ever feel incredible to have his mouth on her. 

Pleased as hell to finally be getting at them, Brad played with her tits for what felt like an eternity. But how could he help it when they were just so perfectly big and round. Having only ever dreamed of even getting a peek, he just couldn't get enough of the taste of them. All he wanted to do was suck and nip and lick, till at last he stood back satisfied to see the erotic sight of them gleaming in a coat of his saliva. 

Finally, he wiped a hand across his mouth, telling her, "Get the rest of your clothes off." 

Quickly nodding her head, Heather did as she was told, hopped of the desk and peeled off her skirt. Then she tossed it all aside until she was standing in just her high heels and the tiniest fucking piece of lace he'd ever seen, just barely covering the patch of blonde hair sitting over her sex. And she looked so damn sexy that he couldn't hold back a groan. 

No surprise, his dick twitched hard at the sight of her. Impatiently pushing everything aside on his desk, Brad picked her up and sat her down in the center, and as he tugged the scrap of lace away covering her pussy he let out a deep throaty moan. Staring between her legs, he'd never seen a pussy as wet or as pink with arousal, just begging to be fucked. His cock throbbing to get at her, he told her, "You know if I took a picture of your cunt looking as hot as it does right now, you'd have over half the office in here wanting to fuck you blue." 

Just the thought of it had a shiver of anticipation running through her. Looking up into his heavy lidded gaze, she asked, "Really?" She actually had no idea that anyone even noticed her around the office. 

"Oh, yeah, you might not know it, but every guy in here would do anything he could to get with you. And I've heard them say it, too. But if they ever got a look at how delectable your pussy looks right now, you'd have them lined up out the door to get at you." 

Eager to finally get at her himself, Brad tugged off the rest of his clothes until he was standing naked with his cock fisted in his hand. Balls aching with need, he gave himself a few good strokes, then took hold of her thighs and spread her legs open nice and wide. Then he sat down on his chair, and shook his head at the sight of her gorgeous gaping cunt as he leaned in and lashed his tongue along the length of her from back to front, groaning as the amazing taste of her filled his senses. As he licked into her pussy, he murmured against her sweet hot flesh, "Oh, fuck, Heather, you taste sweeter than I ever dreamed. And if you really want more, I know every guy in here would kill to get a piece of this." 

Heather began to moan and desperately quiver from head to toe as he lapped deep into her pussy and pushed a finger inside her, working it in and out of her deliriously happy little snatch. 

The idea of finally relieving the aching need boiling up inside her for more months than she cared to think about finally being sated, not only by her hunky boss, but almost every other available guy working in the office, had her almost coming on his desk. Fuck, what a thought that was. And now she could hardly wait. 

Clutching his head in his hands, Heather spread her thighs just as wide as they could go, squirming and squealing as he ate deep into her cunt. "Oh, fuck, Brad," she said on a shaky breath, throwing back her head, "does that ever feel good - so fucking good to finally have your mouth on me like this." 

"And you taste like heaven," he told her as he added a second finger, sliding them in and out of her fast and hard as he began to suck on her clit. 

Heather was seeing stars as he worked her pussy into the biggest orgasm she'd ever dreamed of. Shamelessly lifting her ass right off the desk, she fed him her pussy, desperate to get the relief that only he could give her. "Oh, fuck, yeah," she muttered. "Eat me, Brad, eat me good." 

Brad smiled against her pussy. "No need to beg, honey, I just love how you taste and I could eat you all night. And now I can hardly wait to get my cock in you." 

Her hands desperately twisting in his hair, as he cupped her ass and lifted her pussy tight against his mouth and made a meal of her, she thought she'd pass out as she felt herself beginning to come so fucking hard she was actually seeing lights starting to flash before her eyes. She'd needed this, like she needed to breathe, and man, was he ever delivering. Lordy, not only was he the best boss she could ever ask for, he knew just what to do with a cunt, too. 

"Fuck me," he murmured watching her entire body break into a quiver as she began to tremble from head to toe, quaking harder than he'd ever seen a woman come in his life as she began to unravel in his arms. 

And when she cried out, "Oh, fuck, I'm coming so damn hard," no one had to tell him. Desperate to get all he could, he kept right on lapping up the juices gushing out of her quivering pussy and filling his mouth. 

The moment she came, his aching balls ready to burst with the need to fill her, he stood, clutching his cock in his hand and pushed past her opening and slammed into her good and hard. And Heather just quivered that much harder as he fucked her till he swore his hair was beginning to sweat. As he filled her with his cock, he murmured, "Jesus, Heather, if I had any idea you needed this, I'd have taken care of you a long time ago, especially since I've been dying to fuck you for as long as I can remember." 

Wrapping her hands tightly around his forearms as he tunnelled his thick cock in and out of her pussy, she murmured, "And I've just needed this so badly for so long. Thank you so much for taking care of me like this, Brad. You have no idea what it means to me." 

He smiled at her. "No need to thank me. Believe me, Heather, I've been needing this just as badly. We've all been working hard around here." He chuckled at his double entendre. "Especially us guys, wondering what it would feel like to finally get between your legs like I am now, giving you a good hard ride. If you had any idea how many other guys in the office are aching to fuck you, you'd probably faint." 

Biting into her lip, the idea of taking on more of her hot studly co-workers was only getting her hotter. She smiled into his eyes. "Actually I'd love it. I've always wondered what it would feel like to just let myself go like this. And it just feels so crazy good with you, that now all I want is more." 

Brad stilled and looked up at her. "If you want more, believe me, I can get it for you." 

Inspired, he reached for his phone on the desk and aimed it at pussy stretched open wide, packed full with the thickness of his glistening cock, and took a picture. And when he showed it to her, she gasped and squeezed down hard on him inside, making his cock jump. "Oh, damn, that looks hot," she whispered with a sense of wonder at the sight of her slick pussy just jam packed with his big heavy cock. 

And taking a longer look at it, Brad let out a deep throaty groan, afraid he'd come on the spot at the erotic image he'd captured of their coupled sex. The sight of her cunt, so wet, and such a perfect deep rosy red, pussy lips fully aroused and swollen, stretched open wide with his thick shiny cock filling up her nice tight hole to the max, had to be the hottest thing he'd ever seen. He was sure he'd never seen anything more erotic in his entire freaking life, than a picture of her cunt being fucked - especially by him. He looked up at her flushed face and told her, "Now all I have to do is send this out to a few people you've been dying to get with you, and you'll have more cock than you'll know what to do with." 

Then he pulled his dick out of her, and took a picture of her slightly gaping pussy, just begging for another one to come along and fill it up. "Oh, fuck me, that's hot," he murmured, sliding his fingers over hot, her swollen folds. And then he pushed a finger inside her, and started to work it in and out of her hole, and took another picture of her being finger fucked and then added a second one and then a third, to open her up nice and wide for an even more erotic shot of her pussy packed full, achingly tight. 

Withdrawing his fingers and bending his head, he got another shot of his tongue lapping into her cunt, and then he took one more with his tongue and two fingers filling her up. "Oh, fuck, Heather, you're going to be a superstar around here, and every guy with a dick is going to want at you, once they get a look at these pictures of your pussy like this." 

Her chest heaving, her body beginning to shake with excitement she reached for his phone and told him, "Show me the pictures, Brad. I just have to see them." 

Her pussy clenched hard as she looked at one erotic picture after another, shocked to realize just how hot her pussy looked being used. Brad smiled, stroking his aching rod as he watched her reaction. "And don't forget, we still have one more to take." 

Looking up at him confused, she gasped when it hit her. "You mean once we've both come with my pussy dripping with your cum?" 

He nodded. "Yeah, and that it'll be the money shot, your hot gaping cunt just oozing with a nice thick stream of cum flowing out of you. Then all you'll have to do is decide who else you want to fuck, and I can make it happen with just a click of my phone." 

Reaching out she squeezed him close and happily moaned into his ear as he leaned over her, shifted his hips, filling her up with his nice hard cock and began fucking her good and hard all over again. As he pumped into her nice and deep, Heather couldn't believe that her wish was finally going to come true. She'd always dreamed of being fucked by a group of men, and now, thanks to her understanding boss, it was really going to happen. 

She had to admit that sex with Brad alone was pretty amazing. Her legs draped over his shoulders, the tender way he kissed her thighs, smiling into bright blue her eyes as he clenched his jaw and fucked her desperately hard right on top of his desk, just felt so good. Holding onto her ass tight, so he wouldn't shift her right off the top, Brad finally groaned and threw back his head as he felt his balls letting go. And she began to shiver and whimper at the same time, clutching him viciously hard inside her as she felt him shooting into her deep and filling her up with the just the biggest load of cum she'd ever felt. Oh, fuck what a feeling, to finally be getting what she'd needed after all these months of deprivation. 

His cock still pulsing hard after giving up its load, Brad took hold of his cock and pulled out. Then jacking his cock in his hand he shot the last of his load into her open pussy till he'd given her all he had to give. 

And looking down, he smiled at the her sight of her cunt gaping open and dripping with a nice long thick stream of his cum, trickling all the way down to her tight little asshole. Picking up his phone, he took one shot after another, unbelievably aroused by the sight of her pulsing pussy still open from where he'd filled her with his cock, overflowing with his seed. 
