 Brad shook his head staring at the stack of files that he and his trusty assistant Heather had been meticulously scanning for their annual report to the board of directors. Though it was tedious work, going through their client list and costing out every project the company could be involved in the coming year and comparing it to past years, it had to be done. 

Which was why they were both sitting and looking relieved, smiling at each other now that they'd finally prepared all the data they'd need for the big meeting. 

That and the fact they'd finally fucked each other silly the night before, giving them both the sexual relief they'd been craving for too many months to even count. 

But last night Brad wasn't the only one who'd crossed the line and stepped in to help Heather with her little sexual frustration problem. No sooner had Brad gotten the brilliant idea of capturing illicit shots of Heather naked on his phone, detailing everything that he'd done to her, including eating her pussy and fucking her on his desk till his cum was trickling from her like a warm milky river. He'd sent the erotic images to several others -- then she had one guy after another banging on his office door, eager to get a piece of her, too. 

Despite how hard they'd worked all morning getting ready for the meeting, they still gave each other sly grins, obviously recalling the kinky fun they'd gotten up to the night before, clearly ready for even more. 

Suddenly Brad's expression grew serious, as he looked her over. "So, I've been thinking. Now that we've crossed the line and finally had sex, things are going to be different around here from now on." 

Heather bit into her lip, coyly smiling at him, hoping he meant they'd be doing a lot more of what they'd done on his desk, because that had to be the hottest, most pussy melting experience of her entire freaking life. To finally get it on with her boss, was an absolute dream come true for her. Just thinking about it, her sex was pulsing and beginning to heat up remembering how incredible it felt to have his cock filling her up, banging her hard and giving her one orgasm after another. It was so much more than she'd ever hoped for when she threatened to quit, since their job left them with no time to satisfy even their basic needs. No time for a boyfriend or even casual dating, she'd been thrilled when he'd sent out the lewd snaps of her gaping pussy and found her so many more willing men who were more than happy to help her out. 

Lifting her gaze, the moment she noticed Brad crooking his finger at her beckoning her to come closer, drawing her back to where he was, Heather didn't hesitate to get up and meet him over on his side of the desk. 

Once he had her standing waiting at his side, right where he wanted her, he slipped his hand under her dress and slid it up the back of her thigh. Then he had to fight back a groan when all could feel was hot smooth flesh. God, she was wearing another tiny little thong, that barely covered her pussy and did nothing to cover her ass. But even the tiny of scrap of lace was too much for what he had in mind. 

His voice thick with need, he had to clear his throat as he told her, "From now on, no more panties in the office, and your only to be in dresses and skirts." Running his fingertips over the bottom of her butt cheeks, she quivered as he slid them lower, making her begin to whimper and as he brushed them between her thighs where he found her pussy, eager for his touch, dripping wet. Pushing his middle finger inside her, he told her, "Then I can slide inside you whenever I want; here in the office, in the elevator, or even if we're out somewhere having lunch. Whenever I want to feel your pussy, then I want it to be bare. You understand? You're to wear nothing under your clothes from now on." 

Her chest really beginning to heave as he worked his finger in and out of her, the slick clacking sound of her highly aroused pussy filling the air, she moaned as she panted out, "Okay, Brad, no more panties at work, I promise." Oh, wow, especially when he could make her feel this crazy good. 

Then he lifted her dress and tugged down the thong. Maintaining her balance with a hand on his shoulder, she stepped out of the tiny piece of lace and smiled when he touched it to his nose and drew in a long breath, murmuring, "Fuck, I love the smell of you, Heather. Reminds me just how good you taste when I burry my face in your pussy." 

Rolling it into a tiny ball, he smiled into her eyes when he tucked it in his suit pocket, deciding he could use them later, for a little more fun. Whether he wanted to savor the scent of her hot little snatch -- or maybe he'd even gag her with them, if he decided to tie her up and fuck her when she was bound. 

"Now get up on my desk," he told her, his cock already twitching insanely hard just thinking about everything he wanted to do with her, now that they'd crossed the line. 

Swallowing hard, legs trembling from the raw heat blazing from his eyes, Heather did just as she was told and slid up onto his desk in front of where he sat. Of course Brad wasted no time pushing her dress up past her thighs, till he was staring straight at her slick little pussy, glistening under the office lights, just begging for him to have a taste. 

Shaking his head, fascinated by the sight of her after so thoroughly enjoying her last night, he'd been dying to get a closer look, sure it had to be the prettiest cunt he'd ever seen. Spreading her thighs open wide then parting her outer lips wide with his thumbs, his cock twitched at the erotic sight of her pussy open so invitingly. Fuck, what a sight. Pretty pink glistening lips, looking like some kind of exotic aromatic flower, spread open just for him. Shimmering so beautifully, fully aroused, with such a tight little hole that amazingly had the ability to give so much pleasure -- and last night to so many of them. 

Taking his time, he looked up into her eyes and smiled as he traced his index finger over the outer lips and then slid it over the slickness of her smaller inner folds. And then, turning his hand he pushed a finger inside, opening her up enough to see the snugness of the rosy pink channel that he'd thoroughly enjoyed filling up with his cock. 

Bending his head, softly groaning as his eyes fell shut he let his tongue follow the same path, dragging it all around her slick, pink fully engorged lips. Smiling as her whimpers grew louder, he spread her even wider with his thumbs, spearing her tight hole with his tongue, grinning at the desperate little sounds she was making as he took his time exploring her pretty little pussy. Plunging his tongue as deep into her hole as he could go, he fucked in and out of her with his mouth till he had her shivering, mindlessly whimpering and clutching at his hair. 

Until this moment with her, he'd never had an opportunity to really study a woman's sex as closely. Though his cock was achingly erect and itching like a bastard to get inside and fill her up, Brad still wasn't quite finished exploring just yet. And the way she was feeding her pussy to his mouth, he could feel that she didn't want him to stop, obviously enjoying being spread open and having her cunt not only thoroughly examined but ravaged by his mouth. Glancing up, he loved the way her big luscious tits were really beginning to heave as he investigated the inner workings of her pussy, especially with his tongue, adding a few fingers to get her even hotter. 

Unable to resist such a perfect shot of her pussy fully, aroused and quivering for more, he reached for his phone and took a few shots of her sex pulsing with need and spread open so delectably wide, her tight little pink hole just itching for a cock to fill it. 

Flicking her swollen clitoris with his tongue, he marvelled at how both the swollen little bead and her entire body jumped in reaction to his touch. "I take it you're enjoying this," he remarked, as he circled her hot little love button with his tongue, loving the feel of it swelling against his mouth as he teased her closer and closer to climax. 

Damn, she just looked so hot, pale flesh so flushed, pulse racing, licking her lips as she fought to breathe, he could tell she was getting close and so was he, just from eating her out and toying with her cunt. 

"Oh, god, yes," she told him reaching out and really beginning to tug at his hair as he gave her whole pussy a long leisurely lap of his tongue, making her ridiculously wet as he bathed her pussy in his saliva, while spreading her juices all the way down to her quivering little asshole. When he did it again, and dipped his tongue even lower, teasing her tight back hole with a few pokes of his tongue, she really began to squeal and moan, breathlessly murmuring, "Oooh fuck, yes, Brad. It just feels so good to have your mouth on me everywhere..." 

Slipping his fingers into a 'V' on either side of her clit, he worked at massaging her sex button with the tips of his fingers, fascinated by how quickly she was beginning to climax, her body already trembling insanely hard as he relentlessly worked her pussy. Pushing a finger inside her, and continuing to stimulate her pulsing clit, he lapped and licked and suckled her swollen lips until she lost all control and began tearing at his hair, throwing back her head and crying out his name as she came in a rush, filling his mouth with the heady sweetness of her sex. 

"Oh, wow, I don't think I've ever come so fucking hard," she squealed. But even as she came, he didn't let up, pushing two fingers inside her, filling her up tight, finger-fucking her good and hard, till he had her almost squirming her ass off his desk, as she just kept on coming, her entire body quivering like mad. 

After so much time working her into a frenzy Brad was so hard all he could think of was jamming his cock in her and giving her the fuck of her life. But a quick look at his watch had him groaning when he realized there was no time left for even a well-deserved quickie. Too, bad, she was just so primed and it would have felt so good to pull her pussy to the edge of the desk and give her a feel of his cock right now, probably about as thick and hard as he'd ever felt it. All he'd need was ten or fifteen minutes of slamming her nice and deep and he'd come so fucking hard, that he'd be good for the rest of the day -- or at least for a few more hours. 

Once Heather's chest finally stopped heaving after coming that hard, resigned to the fact they had a meeting to get to. With a defeated groan Brad helped her to her feet and reluctantly smoothed her dress down over her thighs, putting an end to their fun -- at least for the moment. Drawing her close, he kissed her lips and then whispered into her ear, "I have a few more surprises for you later that I'm sure you're going to enjoy." And then he gave her ass a nice hard squeeze as he tugged her against him and let her have a feel of just how hard he'd gotten just from toying with her sex. 

Moaning at the feel of him, her pussy already clenching in anticipation, Heather knew if what he had planned was anything like the surprise he'd just given her, working her into yet another mother of an orgasm, she just knew she was going to love whatever else he had in store. 

The company's annual meeting, as always, was long and mind-numbingly boring, especially since every department had to do a presentation, outlining their forecasts compared to their past year's performance. And sitting close beside Brad around the massive board room table Heather was struggling to pay attention and even keep her eyes open when she almost jumped out of her skin at the feel of his hand trailing a path up her thigh. 

She realized he was carefully sliding her dress up, till she could feel the chill of the air-conditioning on her bare pussy as he once again began to explore. Already beginning to shiver, Heather was just so glad he'd insisted on keeping her bare under her clothes, because what he was doing just felt so naughty, and was so much more stimulating than what she was having to sit through in the meeting. 

Then her eyes shot open even wider when she felt his finger sliding over her sex, and then pushing past her pussy lips, he slipped inside her. 

And when she looked over at him, he shot her a filthy grin, to let her know he was enjoying himself. Leaning close, he whispered very quietly into her ear, so no one else could hear, "Now that I know what makes you come, be warned, I plan on teasing an orgasm out of you every chance I get. But when we're in a meeting like this, you will not make a sound, or show any reaction. You understand? You have to take whatever I give you, and not let anyone catch on to the fact that I'm teasing your pussy till I make you come." 

As he carefully slid two fingers into her nice and deep and began to flex his wrist and slyly finger-fuck her under the table, he hoped like hell that no one could see what he was up to. Turning his head, he smiled at the sight of her breasts beginning to rise and fall as her face began to flush, delighted at seeing her already so close. 

Heather was doing her damndest to do as she was told and remain still and not react. Though her heart felt like it was already racing out of control as her pussy soaked his hand as he worked her into one hell of an orgasm. Biting down hard on her lip, seeing the stern look of warning in his eyes, she obediently nodded her head that she understood what he'd said, even as he worked her pussy into such a tingling mess that all she wanted to do was throw open her mouth and howl as she fought for control. 

God, what a sneaky bastard he was. How was she supposed to try and stay cool, calm and collected when he literally had his fingers working her snatch into a fucking frenzy? Already sending shock waves straight down her spine into her poor little tormented pussy, making her want to throw back her head and pound on the boardroom table like some kind of sex maniac, it just felt so insanely good that she could hardly stand it. 

Though she had to admit, it had never felt so good to be this bad, having him do what he was doing to her pussy with everyone around the table oblivious to what they were up to, all she could think of was paying him back. 

Inspired, flashing him a sly grin, Heather reached over and slid her hand up over his thigh. Cupping his cock through his pants, she smiled into his eyes with a sense of victory as she began to work at making him crazy, too. Delighted by how shocked he looked as she covertly stroked him up and down, getting him nice and hard with just a few good strokes. 

Two could obviously play at this kinky game. 

And as Edmond the head of Logistics droned on about his projected expenses for the year, with the higher fuel costs, she carefully jacked her boss in her tight little fist in a way that hopefully no one could see. While doing her best to not only get him rock hard but also get him off, while also trying her damndest not to scream her head off with how crazy hard he was still working her pussy. 

But she was the one surprised when Brad calmly took her hand and sat in on his thigh, then carefully eased his fly down, and fished out his shockingly erect cock. Then he covered her hand in his and let her feel that under his pants, he was not only hard as a fucking brick, but also going commando. 

Figured it was only fair, since he'd demanded that she stop wearing panties whenever she was around him, that she should be able to get at his cock whenever she wanted, too. 

As shocked as she was delighted at the feel of him, already so erect, Heather's eyes opened wide as she wrapped her hand around him and felt just how big and hard he'd already gotten just from the illicit little game he'd been playing with her pussy. 

Smoothing her thumb over the slit, her eyes dropped to half-mast and she had to fight back a moan as a delectable bead of pre-come oozed from the tip, slicking up her fingers. Now all she could think of was getting her tongue on him and licking up that salty-sweet little offering, and then filling her mouth with every long hard inch of him, till she milked him of all he had. 

Her pussy clamped down hard around his fingers just at the thought of how good it would feel to have all that long hard man meat slide over her tongue until he'd pushed in far enough to hit the back of her throat. Closing her eyes, she tightened her grasp on him as she stroked him, nearly whimpering as she thought about how much she loved the feel of a man's heavy cock filling her mouth almost as much as the delectable fullness of it jamming her pussy till she was stretched inside to take every last inch. 

Doing his best to fight back a groan, Brad's eyes drifted shut, as he concentrated on sliding his fingers in and out of her slick little cunt quicker and harder as she, in turn, stealthily fisted him tighter, relentlessly jerking him off in her hand. 

Taking a quick glance at the bored expressions around the table, he could tell that no one had a clue about the kinky game being played out right in front of their eyes, which only made it hotter. But even as he smiled at the clacking sounds coming from her as her cunt got juicy enough to trickle down her thighs as he worked his fingers in and out of her just as hard and fast as he could, he hoped that no one would pick up on the fact that they were getting each other off. Because he knew damn well if anyone figured it out, they'd be in trouble. But it just felt too good to stop, and he was getting close now, too. So close, he could feel his breathing becoming erratic, and the insistent pressure mounting in his balls as they began to tighten ready to explode as she fisted his cock in her tight little hand, jacking him so incredibly hard as he worked her pussy into coming all over his hand, fighting back a groan as he inhaled the delectable scent of her arousal filling the air. 

Struggling to control his breathing, Brad leaned close and whispered, "Edmond's usually the last one to talk, and once everyone leaves we're staying behind. And since you've been so well behaved and haven't made a sound, while I've been kind enough to give your pussy a nice little hand job, I'll let you crawl under the table and suck me off once everyone else has left." 

Her eyes went big and her breasts really began to heave, just thinking about how kinky it would be to get down on her knees and suck him off without a soul knowing what they were up to once they'd finally finished and headed back to their offices. 

As the meeting drew to a close and everyone started to file out, Brad told her, "The moment everyone's gone, I want you down on your knees with my cock in your mouth." 

"Ooh, yes, sir," she whispered, her pussy clenching, doing her best not to squirm in her seat, just imagining how good it would feel to have him fill her mouth, that she could hardly contain herself. God, he had to be the perfect boss, especially understanding her need to be not only satisfied like this, but dominated, too. 

And just as he was leaving, Edmond from logistics looked over his big broad shoulder at them, giving them a knowing smile, that had her wrinkling her forehead wondering if he might have caught on to what they were up to. Or, it could be that he'd gotten a look at some of the erotic pictures Brad had sent out to a few of his most trusted friends in the office. And the thought of it made her pussy clench even harder, to think of how many others she'd pass in the hallways who might have pictures on their phones of her pussy being filled and fucked by so many of them last night. 

As he left, Edmond winked at the two of them coyly and then closed the door tightly behind him, giving them some privacy. 

Heather had always thought he was a good looking man, with such nice smooth dark skin, and a killer body that she knew would have her mouth watering if she ever got a chance to see him naked. 
