 AUTHORS NOTE

Four months ago I stopped writing and submitting stories to Literotica. I had promised to stop when I reached 400 submissions. Over the past four months, I have received feedback and e-mails urging me to continue writing. I also received requests for various story lines. I appreciate all the encouragement and positive comments and to that end I have written this story. Let's see how this is received and if the readers like it, I will consider writing another one.

PRELUDE

Stacy Wilson was sitting across from her publisher Dan Cummings. She had just received approval on her last book. In fact she had received rave reviews from her investors and the publishing company. Dan sat back in his chair and his eyes looked down at the shapely crossed legs of the pretty blonde. Stacy was an attractive woman at the age of 36 years old and she was at the peak of her sexuality. Dan had often tired to get her into bed but Stacy had always kept their relationship professional. 

"Stacy this is your best work ever. However I would never expected such a steamy novel from you."

"Thank you! It was one of those things. I was struggling with a story line and then it hit me."

"Well in spite of the eroticism the novel is tastefully done. The description is so vivid that it seems as if you were very close to the character. Did you interview someone who went through this experience?"

"Dan you know that I keep all my sources confidential and anyone I talked to will remain anonymous."

"I know but it would really be interesting to meet the lady of your story. Anyway, the check has been deposited in your account. I hope we can expect more of the same type of stories from you in the future."

"We'll see but right now I am going to take some time off and forget about writing for a while."

"Any travel plans?"

"I am going to the south of France for a few months to relax but nothing else is planned at this moment."

"Well have fun but I'm sure you will. Call me when you get back to New York and let me know where things stand. I know your readers will be clamoring for a sequel to this novel. The royalties will be deposited in your account as they accrue. Is there anything else I can do you now?" 

"No Dan, you have been great. I'll call you when I get home," Stacy concluded.

Stacy left the building and got in the limo waiting for her. Her luggage was already in the car and within minutes she was on her way to JFK airport. Her flight would take her to Marseilles and then from there she would lease a car and drive to the rented condo in Southern France. 

SIX MONTHS EARLIER

Stacy was a successful prosperous novelist and her husband of six years enjoyed the good life. Joe Adams and Stacy hit it off at a party in the city eight years ago and they married two years after they met. Joe was a free lance writer for several magazines and newspapers but he was not nearly as successful as Stacy. Joe was 38 years old two years older than her and they both stayed in excellent shape.

Joe was a fit 6'1" and 175 pounds. He was a decent lover and took good care of Stacy's 34-24-35 figure. At 36 years old, Stacy looked like she was in her twenties. She had long straight blonde hair; she was 5'6" tall and weighed 120 pounds. Stacy was a dynamo in bed and she made sure that she kept Joe happy. 

Stacy gave great head and she had even agreed to give up her ass to her husband. Joe loved anal sex and Stacy had one of the nicest asses in the world to fuck. Stacy thought that Joe's cock was perfect for anal sex as it was just over 6" long and less than 5" around. In six years Stacy had never looked at another man and never even considered cheating on her husband. Unfortunately Joe did not have the same moral commitment.

Joe was always on the prowl and he had a number of affairs outside of their marriage. Joe would spot a good looking ass and decide that he had to have it. He was a good looking guy and most of the time he scored with his target of opportunity. Joe was recently banging a pretty young waitress with a great ass. She had days off since she worked at night and Joe would visit her on a regular basis. However when Stacy went into the city for the day Joe would invite Peggy the waitress over to the house. 

Stacy Adams had left her home on Long Island to meet with her publisher in New York. Joe was staying home to work on some articles for the newspaper. Joe worked out of the house so Stacy had no reason to suspect him of any wrongdoing. On her way into the city, Stacy realized that she left her laptop at home and she told the driver to turn around. It was almost 45 minutes when the limo pulled into the driveway and Stacy entered the house.

She headed for the study to get her laptop and she had expected to find Joe in there working. Joe was not in the study and Stacy walked around looking for him when she heard the unmistakable sound of a female voice call out. "Oh yes, fuck me in my ass. I love it."

Stacy was stunned. She knew that she heard correctly and then she heard Joe's voice. "Oh baby you have a great ass. I love fucking you in the ass."

"Give it to me," the girl screamed loudly.

Stacy had heard enough and she stormed into the guest bedroom where she was sure the voices came from. As she entered the room she saw them in bed together. The girl was on all fours with her head down on the bed and her face turned toward Stacy. Her eyes were closed which is why she did not see Stacy enter the room. Joe was fucking the girl from behind and caressing the girl's shapely ass. Joe turned his head toward the bedroom door and spotted his wife standing there. His face turned white and he had a terrified look on his face.

"You ungrateful cheating bastard, get out! You and your whore get the fuck out of my house," Stacy shouted.

The girl opened her eyes and then she looked terrified as well. Joe's cock had gone limp and slipped out of the girl's curvy ass. "Stacy, I can explain," Joe stammered not knowing what else to say.

"Explain it to your lawyer. Now get the fuck out of here," Stacy yelled back at him.

The girl scrambled out of bed and dressed as quickly as she could. Joe also dressed quickly and then said, "I'll just grab a few things."

"No you won't. Get out this instant. I will have your personal things packed and waiting for you at the end of the driveway by the end of the day. You can pick them up then," Stacy said firmly.

Joe and the girl left the house and they were relieved to be outside. Joe was convinced that if they had kept a gun in the house that Stacy may have shot him. He had never seen such rage from her and it was frightening. Joe convinced the girl to let him crash at her place and she drove him to her apartment. Later that day Joe rented a vehicle to pick up his things. As Stacy had said, all his personal items were at the end of the driveway.

Stacy was livid. She could not believe Joe would do that to her especially after all she had done for him. They lived in a beautiful home, mixed with a high end social crowd and she had been a good lover. She had even agreed to anal sex with Joe to keep him happy. Not only did he cheat on her but he had brought that little tart into their home and fucked her in one of their bedrooms.

Over the next several months Stacy was a mess. The divorce was upsetting to her and she still struggled with her husband's betrayal. She couldn't concentrate on her new novel and she was falling behind on the scheduled publication date. Stacy couldn't work in her home as she could not get the image of Joe and the young girl out of her mind. Stacy had to move or do something to change the setting. As long as she remained in the house she could not concentrate on her novel.

She decided to go somewhere remote where she wasn't known. Stacy decided to check out some farms in upstate New York to see if she could rent a cabin or something like it. She came across an ad that advertised a guest house for rent. "Get away from the rat race for awhile," the ad stated. Stacy looked into it and she made an appointment to look at the place.

LIFE ON THE FARM

Stacy visited the farm and a couple in their mid-thirties showed her the guest house. It was very rustic, very private and very remote; it was perfect. Stacy signed a lease for three months and told the couple that she would be back in a week. Stacy left her home on Long Island in the capable hands of a management company that would take care of all maintenance while she was away. A week later she was back at the farm with a minimum amount of clothing, personal needs, groceries and her laptop.

The couple Agnes and Jonas Holloway greeted her and welcomed her to the farm. Agnes laid out the routine for Stacy and told her that she was welcome to dine with them anytime she wished. Jonas helped Stacy unload her car and he carried Stacy's bags into the guest house. Stacy admired Jonas' physical prowess. He was about 6'3" and weighed about 190 pounds. He was lean and strong with hands like shovels. Stacy noticed that his fingers were thick and she estimated that they were as thick as her ex-husband's penis. Jonas and Agnes told her to call on them anytime and then they let her settle in. 

Stacy unpacked and suddenly she felt very relieved to be away from Long Island and the city. There was no TV, no internet, no cell phone service and nobody knew where she was staying. It was the perfect setup for her to focus on her new book and leave the past behind. Still it would take days before she would recover from the ordeal of the past two months. Stacy took a nap that afternoon and later joined the Holloway's for dinner.

Over dinner, Jonas explained the workings of the farm and he identified the crops that he was growing. Stacy learned about the bluffs and the rolling hills around the property. Jonas made up a small map for her so that she could find her way around the property. "The bluffs are very serene and the view is beautiful. You may want to work up there sometimes on nice days," Jonas offered.

"We do have some other guests. Some college students are back packing around New England and we gave them permission to camp on the grounds for a few days. So don't be alarmed if you see them," Agnes told her.

"Thank you!" Stacy replied and then said that she was going to retire early but she first offered to help Agnes clean up after dinner.

"No, you go and get your rest. There will be plenty of other times when you can pitch in," Agnes said.

Stacy bid them a good night and returned to the guest house. She was dead tired and she fell into a deep sleep. That night Stacy had the best night's sleep that she had had in months. The next morning she woke up feeling incredibly refreshed and revitalized. She checked the time and she was surprised that it was almost 10:00 AM. She showered, dressed and went into the small kitchen to make a pot of coffee. The Holloways were not around and Stacy assumed that they were taking care of their chores. She poured coffee into a travel cup and then went for a walk around the property.

Stacy loved the rolling hills and the beauty of the area. The air was fresh and invigorating. As Stacy walked around she decided to keep exploring the property and begin work on her book the next day. Stacy walked for hours and when she finally returned to the main house she was hungry. She had not eaten all day and she was starving. 

Agnes was pleased to see her and she was pleased that Stacy had enjoyed roaming around. "Sit down and I'll get you a glass of wine. Then you will stay for dinner," Agnes offered.

Stacy relaxed with the glass of home made wine and watched as Agnes prepared dinner. Stacy studied the woman who was the same age as her but who was so different. Agnes wore a very full summer dress and it was difficult to assess her figure. The dress covered her legs all the way down to her leather laced shoes. Agnes had dark brown hair tied up in a bun on her head. She did not wear makeup and her skin showed the outdoor exposure. All the same she was an attractive woman and very nice. Agnes was in stark contrast to the city woman Stacy.

Jonas arrived shortly thereafter and washed and changed clothes for dinner. He poured himself a glass of whiskey and joined the ladies in the kitchen. Agnes served dinner and the three of them chatted amiably over dinner. After dinner Jonas had another whiskey while the ladies washed the pots, pans and dishes. Stacy was glad that she was able to help Agnes with the chores this time. Then they sat in the rustic living room and at Jonas' probing, Stacy told them about her life as an author.

It was about 9:00 PM when Stacy left the main house and said good night to Jonas and Agnes. She started back to the guest house when she realized that she had left her coffee cup in the kitchen at the main house. She walked back to get it and when she entered the house she heard Agnes crying out and Jonas grunting. Stacy recognized the unmistakable sounds of a couple having sex. She smiled to herself and quietly left the main house and returned to the guest house.

Stacy turned in for the night but she was determined to get started on her book the next day. As she lay in bed she wondered about the Holloway's and she thought it was strange that they didn't have children. However she knew that it was none of her business and she dismissed the thought from her mind. Once again Stacy had a wonderful night's sleep and she awoke the next morning very refreshed.

Stacy was up early that morning and she made a healthy breakfast with the farm fresh eggs provided by the Holloways. Stacy then took a thermo of coffee with her and headed out with just a note pad. She had decided to camp out on one of the bluffs that morning with her coffee and begin working on her book. She opted not to drag the laptop along and to just make notes and compose the outline.

STACY THE VOYEUR

Stacy located a bluff overlooking the spring fed pond that Jonas had identified on the map he drew for her. The view was incredible and Stacy relaxed with a cup of coffee before she began to work. She then noticed the two tents below and she assumed they belonged to the college students that Agnes had mentioned. There was no activity in the area so Stacy assumed that the students were probably still sleeping or had gone on a hike.

That day Stacy was wearing shorts with a halter top as the sun was very warm. She sipped her coffee and then began to think about her book. She started to outline the story line when she heard voices below her coming from the tents. Stacy watched as bodies began to emerge from the two tents and she was surprised to see one girl and two guys come out of each tent. Not only that but they were all naked.

Stacy watched as the six of them made their way into the pond and swam for several minutes. She was far enough away that they didn't see her but she still decided to hide behind some shrubs. Stacy continued to watch from her new vantage point as the students frolicked in the cold water. They eventually got out and dried their bodies with towels and then they sat around in a circle. A girl was between two guys. Minutes later the guys got up and gathered some wood for a campfire. Once the fire was going they made breakfast and coffee and sat around the fire. They were still naked and Stacy admired their free spirit.

Stacy was glued to the scene below her and she had to stifle a gasp when she witnessed what happened next. The six students laid out two blankets on the ground and then they began to have sex. Both girls were on all fours with a cock in their mouths while they were fucked from behind. Stacy was too far away to make out the size of the guys cocks or whether the girls were being butt fucked. Stacy had never witnessed group sex before but now she was watching an orgy with virile young people.

The students fucked for quite awhile before it appeared that all the boys had cum. Stacy then watched as the two girls pleasured each other in a 69 position while the boys apparently recovered. Minutes later the girls were separated and placed on all fours again. This time different cocks entered the girls from behind and in their mouths. The scene was repeated until the four boys came again and then they separated. Stacy watched as they re-entered the water briefly to cleanse their bodies and then they disappeared into their tents. Later they emerged dressed in shorts and tees and walked in a different direction from where Stacy was hiding.

Stacy stayed in hiding until the students were out of sight and then she returned to her original spot. She poured another cup of coffee and reflected on what she had just witnessed. She checked the time and she realized she had been watching the students for over two hours. Stacy also felt the dampness in her panties as she had been turned on by the sex scenes played out in front of her. Stacy composed herself, finished her cup of coffee and then made her way back to the guest house.

Once she arrived at the guest house she ate a light lunch and then sat outside on the small porch. Stacy had a difficult time getting the images of the students out of her mind. In a way she found the voyeurism exciting but she also felt that there was something missing. She had not been close enough to see the size of the boy's cocks or to hear the sounds of the sexual couplings. She also could not determine if the girls had cocks in their asses or their pussies. Her curiosity was aroused and she made up her mind to spy on them again but from a closer vantage point. 

Stacy stayed at the guest house the rest of the day and later made dinner for herself. After dinner she had several glasses of wine and eventually went to bed. She could hardly wait for the next day. Stacy didn't sleep as soundly as she had the previous two nights as she was haunted by the images of the student orgy. She eventually fell asleep but she woke up early in anticipation of the next day.

After a quick breakfast, Stacy headed for the bluff with her thermo of coffee. This time she left the note pad behind as she decided the book could wait another day. She had opted to wear a short sun dress without a bra. Stacy subconsciously planned to have easy access to her breasts and pussy if the students put on another show. Stacy arrived at the area where the students were camped and she got as close as she could and still be concealed.

Stacy waited patiently until the students emerged from their tents. She could see them clearly now and she saw that the two girls were very pretty and very shapely with nice tits and great looking asses. One girl had jet black long hair and the other girl was a stunning blonde. Stacy saw that the guys were in good shape and she found herself wondering how big their cocks would get when hard. The ritual was the same as the day before as they swam first, made a fire and after breakfast and coffee the games began.

Stacy was close enough to see that each of the boys had a cock that was at least 8" long when erect. She loved seeing the vibrant young well endowed boys. The girls were placed on all fours again and entered from behind as they accepted cocks into their mouths. The guys fucked the girl's pussies for several minutes and then they moved their big cocks to the girl's assholes and pushed them in. Stacy watched as the cocks slide in without much resistance and she knew that the college girls had done this many times before. 

Stacy continued to watch the four boys fuck the two girls and she felt her pussy heating up. She lifted her short skirt and pushed her panties down so that she could finger her pussy while she watched the two threesomes. One boy pulled out of the blonde's ass and shot his load all over her buttocks. His seed ran down over her anus and Stacy watched as the boy pushed his cock back in the blonde's ass and fucked her some more. Then the boy fucking the dark haired beauty did the same thing. Stacy's fingers were coated with the own juices as she had never seen an act so erotic before today. 
